New Yorkers hit the streets on Saturday to protest the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the landmark abortion ruling Roe v. Wade. A day after the Supreme Court sparked protests nationwide by overturning a ruling that had protected women’s rights to abortion for nearly 50 years, more than 300 demonstrators gathered in Union Square Park to denounce the decision. Many wore green bandanas, a symbol for the pro-choice movement in Latin America, while some held signs saying “Overthrow Roe? HELL NO!” “I’m terribly upset about what’s going on in our country. I have always been an activist, and I feel it’s not my country anymore,” said protester Carol Silverman, a 79-year-old retired psychotherapist. “I’m angry. I’m frustrated. I’m not very optimistic.” Gwen Lohse, a 17-year-old recent high school graduate, said fighting for abortion rights has no age limit. “I’m volunteering with women, three, four times my age, and it’s so upsetting having to see them, who’ve already fought for it, work for it again,” the teen said. “It’s really important to radicalize,” she added. Get The Post’s latest updates following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.  The rally was organized by the advocacy group Rise Up 4 Abortion Rights. In Brooklyn, former Rep. Max Rose, Councilman Justin Brannan and other local Democratic pols joined abortion-rights advocates outside Rep. Nicole Malliotakis’ Bay Ridge office to protest Republican’s pro-life policies and her decision last year to vote against making abortion protection through the Roe case law instead of a precedent of the Supreme Court. Many of the 100 who attended chanted “Vote her out!” Others held signs that included slogans like “Nicole Failed NY” Rose, who is seeking to reclaim Malliotakis’ congressional seat representing Staten Island and part of southern Brooklyn, accused his opponent’s politics of hurting Americans. “We are going to go forward as a country, not backwards,” he said When contacted by The Post, Malliotakis did not address the Roe decision but said she was concerned that New York’s late-term abortion law wasn’t affected. “When Max Rose was in Congress, he voted against amending the bill to at least require medical care for a baby that survives a botched late-term abortion,” she said. Meanwhile, cops were stationed outside a pro-life help center in West Village after someone allegedly chucked a rock through a window there the night before. The entrance to Pregnancy Help Inc. at 229 W. 14th St. was boarded up with wood as glass fragments were scattered on a sidewalk nearby. “We’re all over the city,” said a cop, who confirmed the incident. “Everyone is in front of most houses of worship. I don’t think Catholic is specific with this stuff.”