Five Tennessee gangbangers, including three teenagers, are facing murder charges for shooting two teens and killing one of them during a crowded funeral. The five gang members shot two of the victims at least eight times during the North Memphis funeral, according to the Shelby County District Attorney’s Office. Emmit Beasley, 16, was killed while the other victim, also 16, ran a short distance before he collapsed in a nearby lot, prosecutors said. He was critically injured but survived. All five gang members have been released after posting bond, the district attorney’s office told The Post Wednesday. “He had a future, and he was a nice, pleasant young man,” Beasley’s mother, Chasity Graham, told Action 5 News. “He was robbed; I was robbed. No parent should have to stand over their dead child; no parents should have to bury a child.” The other victim was Beasley’s cousin. Shots rang out when the Oct. 21, 2021 funeral procession was moving along a North Memphis block for 16-year-old Je’Marco Smith, who was shot and killed weeks earlier in Raleigh. Three men have been charged in that case. Days after the murder last October, Graham told Action 5 News, “The child’s casket was loaded onto a horse-drawn carriage. It was kids following behind the casket in the funeral procession. Personally, I was in my car behind the walking kids. I heard gunshots ring out. I went to help, not knowing my son was laying in the street dead.” On Tuesday, a grand jury indicted David Lee Jr., 23; Rico Lee Jr., 18; Jaden Rios, 16; Tavion Rogers, 17; and Tremayne Scales Jr., 15. All are charged with first-degree murder, first-degree attempted murder and employment of a firearm in the commission of a dangerous felony. “I didn’t know why my son was murdered,” Graham told WVLT. “We don’t know his murderers.” Lee Jr. was indicted as a convicted felon in possession of a handgun and being held on $350,000 bail, the DA’s office said Monday before he posted it, a Shelby DA spokesperson told The Post Wednesday.