New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NPBONUS15. Check out how to claim a $1,500 risk-free bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports including the Stanley Cup final, UFC Austin and the Canadian Grand Prix. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,500. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. Finally, we have reached the pinnacle of Ice Hockey. The Stanley Cup Final is underway, as the Tampa Bay Lightning take on Colorado Avalanche. Between 1980 and 1983 the New York Islanders went to and won, the Stanley Cup four times in a row. In 2022, the Tampa Bay Lightning have the chance to get within one of that feat and win their third straight. Colorado had the easier time of it as they advanced from the Western Conference. The Avalanche dominated throughout the playoffs and have only dropped two games so far. They eased past the Edmonton Oilers in the Western Conference Finals as they romped to a four-game sweep. Baku taught us many things about the state of affairs in Formula 1 at the moment. Red Bull will latch onto any opportunity, Mercedes are yet to sort their Porpoising issues, and will Charles Leclerc ever capitalise on a pole position? Formula 1 returns to Canada after a two-year absence, again with the softest tyres in the range, as was the case for Montreal in 2019. The two Ferrari’s of Leclerc and Sainz both failed to finish at Baku, which meant Max Verstappen took P1 with teammate Sergio Perez also securing a podium in second. The scheduling putting Canada straight after Azerbaijan doesn’t make much sense, but we’re here for it. This weekend UFC ventures out to Moody Center in Austin, Texas, for UFC Austin. It’s been a little while since UFC left its Apex venue in Las Vegas, Nevada, for a non-pay-per-view event, but as a result, the promotion bolstered the night a bit. Josh Emmett vs. Calvin Kattar is a certified banger of a main event, and the rest of the card is filled with names that are fairly established for their work inside the Octagon. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.