A dad got the greatest Father’s Day gift of all when he won a $515,382 lottery jackpot after his daughter bought him the ticket. John Bartlett scooped the life-changing sum after opening up his card from his beloved child and finding two Scratch’N Win cards. He handed one to his wife Anne to scratch, hardly expecting to win big, before realising they had bagged the Set for Life jackpot. The family, from Newfoundland, Canada, have said they will never forget this year’s Father’s Day thanks to their huge windfall. John explained: “I was down to the house where my daughter is to, and she left a Father’s Day card for me. “When I opened it, I saw there was two Set for Life tickets in it, and after I handed them to Anne to scratch, she didn’t believe what she saw.” Anne’s ticket had three matching symbols accompanied by the words every lottery player dreams of seeing, Set for Life. She said: “I saw three suns and the prize payout said ‘Set for Life’. “I looked at it at least three times before I called John to show him. The two of us were just jubilant when we saw it.” The pair could hardly believe their luck after bagging the cash prize – and their daughter struggled to believe them too. John continued: “I’m a bit of a prankster when it comes to my children, but I thought I finally convinced her that we had won. “We hung up the phone, and then five minutes later, she called me back and said, ‘Are you playing with me?’” The dad has since convinced her his windfall is in fact real and is now planning how to spend the jackpot. Set for Life winners can choose to receive around £800 each week for 25 years or receive a lump sum of $515,382. The family decided to take the entirety of their win at once, allowing them to pay off their bills and splash out on a new car. John said he intends to join his wife in retirement and wants to whisk her off to Ireland or Scotland – or “maybe even both”. We previously told how a man SUED his friends after they cut him out of their $736,314 lottery win. Philip Tsotsos from Windsor, Ontario, Canada has been left out of the massive prize that was won by the group of sixteen pals last summer. The pals insisted he is not entitled to a part of the prize as he had not paid the amount required to stay in the lottery pool. But now the “hurt” pizza delivery worker has taken the matter to the civil court as he claims he should be declared the 17th winner. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.