Channing Crowder doesn’t regret calling Broncos quarterback Russell Wilson a “square,” but the former Dolphins linebacker did retract his comments about Wilson’s wife, Ciara. “Bringing up Ciara, bringing up the man’s family – I’ll take that back,” Crowder said during a Tuesday appearance on “The Breakfast Club.” In an April episode of “The Pivot” podcast, Crowder suggested that Ciara — a Grammy-nominated singer, host and designer — is only with Wilson for his money. “If Russell didn’t have that bread Ciara wouldn’t be with him,” Crowder said at the time.  “Ciara, she has a good situation. You don’t leave [her ex-fiancée, rapper] Future and get with Russell Wilson. It’s a type. Everybody has a type… and I love him on the field but he’s f–king square,” he said before calling Wilson a “goofball.” Crowder’s co-hosts, former running back Fred Taylor and former safety Ryan Clark, pushed back at his comments during the episode. In a May interview with The Post, Crowder, Clark and Taylor said the episode nearly didn’t make the cut. “To be honest, when we shot that episode, it was kind of a throw-away episode,” Crowder said. The trio was in Nashville to take photos when they made a spontaneous decision to record an impromptu podcast about NFL free agency. Wilson’s trade from Seattle to Denver was one of the biggest blockbuster moves in free agency this offseason. “Honestly, bro, we didn’t talk about that episode afterwards,” Clark said. “And then all of a sudden a week and a half later, I was like ‘why is everybody talking about me laughing at Channing?’ I was wrong. I said ‘Ohhh, I forgot that even happened!’ Like we legit forgot it happened.” On Tuesday, Crowder continued his criticism of Wilson, repeating his previous “square” comment, saying he does not take it back “one bit.” “Have ya’ll seen Russell’s videos?” Crowder asked on “The Breakfast Club.” “Have you seen, ‘Mr. Unlimited’?! And, this goofy s–t he does?! I don’t know why so many people were mad at my opinion of Russell Wilson is a square and a lame. I didn’t call him an alcoholic. I didn’t call him a deadbeat dad. I didn’t call him a pedophile. I called him lame!” Crowder added that his comments toward Wilson were not personal. Wilson and Ciara have yet to address the situation since Crowder made his initial comments in April. The singer called off her engagement with Future in August 2014 after reports that the rapper cheated — and moved on with Wilson in April 2015. The two wed in July 2016. Wilson and Ciara share two children together — a daughter Sienna, 4, and son, Win, who turns 2 in July. Ciara has a son Future Jr., 7, from her relationship with Future.