Johnny Depp could make a comeback as “Pirates of the Caribbean” lead Jack Sparrow, according to one former Disney exec. “I absolutely believe post-verdict that ‘Pirates’ is primed for rebooting with Johnny as Capt. Jack back on board,” an unnamed former Disney exec told People magazine. “There is just too much potential box-office treasure for a beloved character deeply embedded in the Disney culture.” Depp hasn’t played the swashbuckling Jack Sparrow since 2017, when he starred in “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.” While the film grossed $794.8 million worldwide, it was well below the $1.04 billion that its 2011 predecessor, “On Stranger Tides,” had hauled in. The five films in the “Pirates” franchise starring Depp have brought in more the $4.5 billion worldwide. Depp’s lurid defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard put his future into question, even as the actor, known for movies like “Edward Scissorhands” and “Donnie Brasco,” won the bombshell trial last week. Depp sued the “Aquaman” actress for libel in Fairfax County Circuit Court after she wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post in 2018 referring to herself as a “public figure representing domestic abuse.” Post-verdict, TheWrap spoke with several Hollywood insiders who said that while Depp may work again, he likely won’t be starring in studio blockbusters. “No A-list movie is going to hire him the way they used to,” one top veteran studio executive said of Depp. “He was a pain in the ass before the trial, always. And what he’s proven is he’s still a pain in the ass.” A top talent agent echoed that sentiment, adding that Depp would find work in the independently financed world, but not among the $20 million roles that made him rich like  the “Pirates of the Caribbean” franchise once did. “Depp, yes,” he can work, the agent said. “More in the foreign sales model and maybe eventually as a sort of character actor later down the road on a studio film with an auteur director, who can cast whoever they want.” “Pirates” producer Jerry Bruckheimer said last month that Depp’s future as Sparrow looked pretty dim. In a wide-ranging interview with the Sunday Times, the Hollywood producer said it is unlikely “at this point” that Depp would return to a potential sixth “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie. “Not at this point,” he said when asked about Depp. “The future is yet to be decided.” Bruckheimer said he’s trying to rebuild the nearly two-decade-old “Pirates” franchise around a new protagonist, ideally played by Margot Robbie. “We’re developing two ‘Pirates’ scripts. One with her, one without,” he added.