Mayor Eric Adams said Friday that it will be up to private businesses to decide whether to allow concealed guns under the new Supreme Court ruling — as he revealed he wants to convene mayors across the US to collectively fight the controversial decision. Adams insisted he would aggressively fight the high court’s decision to strike down the Empire State’s century-old law restricting firearms, saying the city was already trying to identify locations where guns can be banned. “Based on the preliminary analysis, our legal counsel stated private areas can come up with their own form of restrictions, but it’s clear the Supreme Court said you can’t block out all of Manhattan. That’s problematic,” Hizzoner told WNBC4. “When you say you cannot create those public areas or government areas as sensitive locations, it just makes it extremely challenging for our city, our subway system, all of these places where large number of people congregate.” The mayor said they were also trying to determine if the city could enforce firearm bans in government buildings and schools in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision. “We’re still analyzing the bill, but it’s clear New Yorkers and Americans are unsafe due to gun violence because of that ruling,” he said. Adams said he’d already met with Gov. Kathy Hochul and mayors across the entire state to see how they could best fight the bombshell ruling. “We want to convene mayors from across the country to see how legal minds can come together to address this crisis that the Supreme Court has created,” Adams told WCBS 880 AM. In handing down its ruling, the court’s conservative majority said that Americans have a right to carry firearms in public for self-defense — arguing that New York’s law violated the Second Amendment. Adams dismissed the argument that New Yorkers should be allowed to defend themselves outside their homes, telling WNBC4 “this is not the Wild Wild West.” “It’s clear that the ruling … was based on our historical connections with guns but it did not take into account of the crisis we’re facing now,” Adams said of the court’s decision. “When you are in an environment such as New York City — highly densely populated, 8.8 million people — simple disputes can elevate into gunplay. “I believe gun advocates are not really understanding the gun crisis that has engulfed our entire country.” Adams went on to implore Justice Clarence Thomas, who wrote the court’s majority opinion, to understand that even law-abiding citizens could become embroiled in gun disputes if the current New York firearm restrictions are removed. “I think that he must understand that even innocent people with the right mindset, when they are placed in an area of dispute — particularly the way we’re seeing mental health illnesses is engulfing our country — that area of dispute now can escalate to gun violence,” Adams said. “Even innocent people that did not have the thought of using those guns before they left their home.” NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell insisted Thursday that the Supreme Court’s decision would not go into immediate effect in the Big Apple. “This case has been remanded back to the lower court but the important thing to note today is that nothing changes,” Sewell said. “If you have a premises permit, it does not automatically convert to a carry permit. If you carry a gun illegally in New York City, you will be arrested.” Currently, about 16,000 New Yorkers have permits that allow them to keep handguns in their homes and 700 business owners have permits to have firearms at work, according to NYPD figures.