For the first time in its thousand-year history, the Knights of Malta has a New Yorker heading the secretive Catholic charitable mission as it grapples with internal “crisis.” John Dunlap, 65, a Canadian-born Manhattan attorney, was appointed Lieutenant to the Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order St. John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta, in an “unusual intervention” by Pope Francis Monday. The appointment follows the June 7 death of Dunlap’s predecessor, Marco Luzzago, who only headed the order for the last 18 months after passing away from a sudden illness. Dunlap, who will be based in Rome, is the first non-European to hold the prestigious, powerful role of the religious order which runs hospitals and medical services in 122 countries — employing more than 80,000 volunteers and 42,000 medical staff who work with refugees and victims of national disasters and armed conflict. “The papal appointment is likely to bring a measure of stability at the head of the order, which has had four leaders since 2017,” wrote The Pillar, a US-based Catholic news service. In his papal decree, which was obtained by The Post, Francis wrote that Luzzago’s death had caused “a new moment of dismay and uncertainty” for the knights, who were already in the midst of “an institutional crisis that has marked a wound in the hearts of many.” The “crisis,” prompted Francis to act, he said — an unusual interference in an organization that is also a sovereign entity under international law. “The Pope is acting to break the leadership deadlock, but the real question is to what extent can the Pope intervene without the order losing its sovereignty?” said Edward Condon, a co-editor of The Pillar, and an expert on canon law. According to Condon, the order has been involved in an effort to revise its constitution following the abdication of its former Grand Master Matthew Festing in 2017. That year, Pope Francis intervened to settle an internal dispute after one of the order’s humanitarian projects ended up distributing condoms in Burma, Condon told The Post. “The condom distribution was a match that lit the fire for the real issue, which is, what is the role of this order in the 21st century?” said Condon. Wearing a long black robe, festooned with a large white Maltese cross on one sleeve and a black rosary draped around one hand, Dunlap, a partner and expert on immigration law at Dunnington, Bartholow & Miller, was formally sworn into his new position on Tuesday at St. Mary’s on the Aventine Church, a monastery that traces its roots to 939 in Rome. The order was established in the 11th century in Jerusalem, where it operated a hospital for religious pilgrims. In the early days, they engaged in military action and were called upon by Rome to participate in the crusades, but later they devoted themselves completely to charity — although they proved fierce warriors when they were threatened. The order went on to establish its headquarters in Rhodes but was ousted by the Ottoman Turks in the 16th century when it moved to Malta. In 1565, the knights successfully defended the island from the Ottoman Turks in one of the bloodiest sieges in history. The order remained there until 1798 when it was again forced to move, this time by Napoleon’s troops. Since 1834, the Knights have been headquartered in Rome at the 16th-century Magistral Palace near the city’s Spanish Steps. At the height of its power, the order was involved with the Knights Templar, a Roman Catholic military order that fought in the Crusades. The Knights of Malta ran pilgrim shelters and traveled along the pilgrim route to offer medical aid. As a sovereign order, it also has observer status at the United Nations, which classifies it as a non-state entity, similar to the Red Cross. Although it has no territory, the Knights issue their own stamps and coins and have diplomatic relations with 112 countries. For centuries, the order was restricted to European nobility but in 1956 a new rank, “Knights and Dames of Grace and Devotion,” opened the order to commoners. Americans currently comprise the largest group in the order, which maintains a high level of secrecy. New members must be invited to join and must be sponsored by another member.  Prominent US members have included former CIA Director William Casey and former Secretary of State Alexander Haig Jr. In more recent times, the Knights have endured their share of controversy. In 2006, a newspaper article in the United Arab Emirates falsely asserted that the Knights were directly influencing US foreign policy in Iraq and Afghanistan, and preparing to revive their military role from the Crusades. Following the article, Muslim militants urged followers to attack the Knights’ embassy in Cairo. In 1988, Mauro Casagrandi, the charge d’affaires at the Knights’ embassy in Havana, confessed to being a double agent for Cuba and the CIA. Dunlap, who was born in Ottawa in 1957, was admitted to the Knights of Malta in 1996, and a year later was made a legal adviser to the Permanent Observer Mission of the Holy See to the United Nations, according to a press release of the Sovereign Order of Malta. Dunlap has the distinction of being a Knight of Justice, who took vows of poverty, chastity and obedience, said a source who did not want to be identified. In his new role, Dunlap is “vested with supreme authorities,” according to a press release for the order. His responsibilities and privileges will resemble those of a head of state. He will be responsible for ratifying international agreements and overseeing financial assets. He is also responsible for setting “an example of living by Christian principles to all the members of the Order.” .