Hunter Biden flipped out on his sister-in-law-turned-lover, Hallie Biden, for ditching ​his handgun in a trash can in 2018, accusing her of making him look like an “abusive pedophile with homicidal tendencies” and asking her “do you want me dead,” ​according to a new report  Wednesday. During an hours-long text conversation on Oct. 23, 2018, the now-disgraced first son tore into his paramour for tossing the .38-caliber revolver in a garbage bin outside a grocery store in Wilmington, Del. — saying at one point: “I won’t ever recover from this,” the Washington Examiner reported. “There are 5 guns in dads house. There are f​—ing more weapons in your sons room then in an armory,” Hunter messaged Hallie at 9:20 p.m. “What’s my f— up? Owning a gun?” “Beau owned a handgun issued by the state and I[t] was in the front glove compartment of his car,” he wrote more than two hours earlier, referring to his older brother — Delaware’s former attorney general — who passed away from brain cancer in 2015. “So f​— you.” In response to Hallie’s claim that she was afraid her boyfriend would “use” the gun, Hunter fired back: “To do what Hallie.” “They think you’re scared I would shoot you,” he went on before calling her a “f—ing a–hole.” “You now have me as an abusive pedophile with homicidal tendencies,” Hunter went on. “And that’s now in the hands of the FBI.” In March of last year, Politico reported that Delaware State Police and the FBI began an investigation after Hunter’s gun was removed from the trash can and Hallie Biden reported it missing to the store. The outlet also reported that Secret Service agents approached the owner of the shop where the younger Biden purchased the gun 11 days earlier and asked him for the sale paperwork. The owner refused and later turned the documents over to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives. According to Politico, the gun was later returned by a man who had been searching the trash for recyclables and no arrests were made or charges filed in connection with the incident. “It’s hard to believe that anyone is so stupid … so what’s my fault here Hallie that you speak of. Owning a gun that’s in a locked car hidden on another property,” Hunter Biden scolded Hallie in another text at 6:47 p.m. Oct. 23 before asking: “Do you want me dead.” At that point, Hallie Biden attempted to defend her actions, telling Hunter that “I just want you safe. That was not safe” and adding that the car where she found the gun was “open unlocked and windows down and the kids search your car.” Hunter Biden began an affair with Hallie shortly after Beau died of brain cancer in 2015, while Hunter was estranged from his wife, Kathleen Buhle. He and Buhle divorced in 2017 after 24 years of marriage. After Hallie initially broke the news to Hunter that she had gotten rid of the gun, he lambasted her as “insane” and “totally irresponsible and unhinged” in a message sent at 11:45 a.m. She responded ​about 80 minutes later, saying she was “worried about you, im dealing with insanity and possibly I’m the one going to get in trouble. Check yourself into a local rehab hunter, this has all got to stop.” “Police are coming to talk to me now,” she in a second text. “I’ll take full blame.” Texts recovered from the laptop by The Post also show contradictions in Hunter Biden’s public statements about the Secret Service not being involved in the incident. “She stole the gun out of my trunk lock box and threw it in a garbage can full to the top at Jansens [sic]. Then told me it was my problem to deal with,” Hunter Biden said in January 2019. “Then when the police the FBI the secret service [sic] came on the scene she said she took it from me because she was scared I would harm myself due to my drug and alcohol problem and our volatile relationship and that she was afraid for the kids,” he said. In a letter to Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) who examined the Secret Service’s role in Hunter Biden’s gun matter, the agency said it did not provide protection to the Biden family in 2018 and had no records relating to the October 2018 incident. “The Secret Service did not provide protection to any member of the Biden family in 2018,” the agency said. “Further, records searches concerning the reported involvement of Secret Service personnel in the alleged incident have yielded no results.” The ​extensive ​text exchange was found on a copy of the laptop hard drive Hunter Biden abandoned at a computer repair store in Wilmington and was recovered by the Examiner with a password-protected backup o​f his iPhone XS. The outlet commissioned a cyber forensics expert to locate the password during an examination of the laptop’s hard drive. The information on the laptop became the basis for a series of exposés The Post wrote in October 2020 revealing Hunter Biden’s extensive foreign business dealings in Ukraine and China. 