The 22-year-old woman fatally struck by a subway in Manhattan late Tuesday has been identified as a New York University student who was interning at a white-shoe investment bank, The Post has learned. Helen Chen, of Burbank, Calif., fell onto the tracks at Grand Central Station as a southbound 7 train was approaching around 10:40 p.m. Tuesday, police sources said. Chen interned at investment bank Lazard, which confirmed in a statement to The Post that she worked at its New York office in Rockefeller Center. “Lazard is devastated about the tragic death of our colleague,” a spokesperson said. “The loss of someone so early in life is unimaginable. Our thoughts are with her family, friends and her Lazard colleagues.” The young woman was also an undergraduate student at NYU, with her Linkedin page indicating she was set to graduate from the Stern School of Business next year. Police sources said Chen toppled onto the tracks after fainting. The train’s operator attempted to stop when he saw her but was unable to apply the brakes in time, police sources said. First responders tried to resuscitate her but she died on the scene about an hour after being struck, according to police. Lazard sent a note on Wednesday informing employees about the woman’s death, a source told The Post. Litquidity, a social media account that’s closely watched by financial types, first posted about Lazard’s connection to the banking world on Instagram. The tragedy comes just a month after Goldman Sachs employee Daniel Enriquez, who worked at the bank’s Global Investment Research division, was murdered on a Manhattan-bound Q train on his way to brunch. Goldman chief executive David Solomon called the fatal shooting “devastating” and a “senseless tragedy” in a statement to bank employees. Goldman slashed a slew of pandemic-era perks that included free Ubers to and from headquarters in Lower Manhattan prior to the killing of Enriquez. Lazard declined to comment on whether it provides transportation perks to employees.