An inside look at the field at how the 147th Belmont Stakes will play out: Current form: Made it three wins from four starts after his dominating 10-length wire-to-wire win in the Peter Pan. Loss was to Cyberknife in the Arkansas Derby. Worth a wager: No Early Voting, Epicenter, Zandon, or Messier, so he inherited the role of favorite by pulling down a triple-digit fig in the Peter Pan. Breaks well shows the way, but tires, finishing third. Current form: Skipped home third behind Mo Donegal in the Wood Memorial, then a non-threatening fifth of nine behind Early Voting in the Preakness. Worth a wager: Skippy has one pace and won’t mind the 1 ¹/₂ miles, but I can’t see him passing anyone. Skipping it. Last of eight. Current form: Powered from off the pace to win the Grade 1 Ashland by open lengths, but her three-race winning streak was snapped when she could not reel in Secret Oath in the Kentucky Oaks. Worth a wager: Todd Pletcher trained Rags to Riches to victory in the 2007 Belmont and believes this Curlin-sired filly can get the distance as well. We agree. Putting her second. Current form: Stop me if you’ve heard this one before. A maiden claimer draws into the Kentucky Derby with about 36 hours to post and turns the racing world inside out, winning it at 80-1. Worth a wager: He’s baaack! The Derby winner skipped the Preakness to run here. Rode the rail, caught the front runners but will catch no one by surprise this time. An out-kicked fourth. Current form: Took a modest two-race winning streak to the Preakness and ran evenly for third behind Early Voting. Worth a wager: The Minister is getting better and appears to want more ground to work with. He’ll get it, but may take money, offer little value and fail to move forward. Evenly, for sixth. Current form: Last to first winner of the Wood Memorial drew the dreaded rail in the Derby and broke 19th. Irad Ortiz angled Mo outside, and he rallied, finishing well for fifth. Worth a wager: Made the most of his horrible post. While Rich Strike rode the rail, Mo was tipped out into the middle of the track. Expect Irad to lay just off We The People and put him away. Winner. Current form: Passed late, settling for fourth in the Blue Grass. Passed tired horses to get second, well back of runaway winner We the People in the Peter Pan. Worth a wager: Trainer Mark Casse won the Belmont with Sir Winston in 2019, but this would be a bigger upset. Would have to make up 10 lengths to catch We the People. Nice to see Dylan Davis in the Belmont. Seventh.  Current form: He’s 0-for-5 this year but continues to outrun his odds. Ran second at 10-1 in the Arkansas then a neighborhood sixth at 60-1 at Churchill Downs. Worth a wager: Like Mo Donegal, he made the best of a bad situation closing from last of 20 to get sixth in the Derby. Unlike Mo, he hasn’t won anything in his 3-year-old campaign. Midpack, fifth.