An alleged serial shoplifter with an affinity for Macy’s lucked out after his latest bust — getting his charges downgraded by the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office despite having dozens of arrests on his rap sheet. Nolan Gonzalez — whose nickname is “GoGo” — was last pinched at Macy’s Herald Square on May 29 after allegedly trying to make off with $350 worth of Tommy Hilfiger goods. Police charged him with grand larceny, burglary and possession of stolen property, according to sources. But once the accused thief got to court, District Attorney Alvin Bragg’s office reduced the charges to possession of stolen property and petty larceny, a violation — and Gonzalez walked out without bail. “It sounds like the DA is being soft on shoplifting again,” defense attorney and former Bronx prosecutor Michael Discioarro said of the case. “Once again he’s failing to protect the citizens of the city. We deserve better.” Gonzalez, 35, had also been freed to strike again after his at least five other arrests so far this year, including at Manhattan and Queens Macy’s outlets, according to police sources. Macy’s apparently found the alleged repeat offender to be such a menace that the department store agreed to a “trespass affidavit” against Gonzalez, the sources said. The criminal complaint in Gonzalez’s most recent bust states that “the defendant was previously instructed not to enter any Macy’s premises” — and notes a “trespass notice” was issued to him on July 11, 2021. The affidavit is essentially an agreement between the property owner and police that gives cops the authority to detain unwanted intruders — and automatically upgrades the charges to burglary if they are nabbed stealing red-handed. “If he’s actually caught shoplifting that makes things easier because now you have the proof that the intent was to commit a crime,” prosecutor-turned-defense-lawyer Jeremy Saland said Tuesday. “It’s used as a tool for those chronic habitual violators of the law.” But Saland added that the affidavit “only means so much if the DA’s office is not going to prosecute these crimes. “It’s no consequence if someone is being released without penalty or punishment,” he said. “It doesn’t do much unless law enforcement takes action on the other side of it.” One police source griped that, “Everything property-related gets downgraded.” “He just keeps going back,” the source said of the accused serial shoplifter. “There’s no bite to the bark. The DA’s Office just doesn’t care.” Bragg’s office did not return requests for comment Tuesday. The Legal Aid Society, which represents Gonzalez, also did not respond to a request for comment. Gonzalez is due back in court on June 23. His case is just the latest in a spike in shoplifting in the Big Apple that has retailers concerned about staying afloat despite the rash of thefts. “Serial shoplifting is one of the most debilitating crimes for retailers,” Kathy Wylde, president of non-profit business group Partnership for New York, said Tuesday. “This individual crime is part of a larger problem with the continuing loss of confidence in the future of our city,” Wylde said. “Police are totally frustrated that these serial shoplifters walk free. Shoplifters know they can get away with it.” Meanwhile, workers at Macy’s iconic store on West 34th Street said thefts have become commonplace — despite a noticeable police and security presence. “Every day people come in to steal perfume,” one employee said Monday. “The same thieves come back over and over. A lot of the time they’ll snatch three or four perfume gift sets and then they run.” Added another employee, “I personally see a theft every two weeks or so.” Additional reporting by Priscilla DeGregory