The Biden administration’s push for Americans to buy electric vehicles even as they confront skyrocketing gas prices when they go to fill up their cars reflects a “smug superiority,” said Sen. John Barrasso in a new interview. Barrasso (R-WY) blasted President Biden’s energy policies as gasoline continues to hover around $5 a gallon and inflation, which is at 40-year highs, has caused the cost of groceries and everyday goods and services to soar. “What … the administration and Joe Biden want them to spend their money on is electric vehicles. They don’t want them to buy a house,” Barrasso told John Catsimatidis on his WABC 770 AM radio show in an interview that aired Sunday. “These guys are terrible! We need to throw the whole bunch out come November. … We’ve got to get rid of these folks who are driving us into a ditch,” Barrasso continued. He said that attitude among Democrats shows they are out of touch with American families struggling to pay their bills, put food on the table and gas up their vehicles. “This whole deal with electric cars [represents] a smug superiority of some of these elitists who just say, ‘We are going to save the world. It doesn’t really matter what happens to you. You can’t afford it? Tough!’ ” he said. Barrasso — who predicted that he will become the chairman of the House Energy Committee if Republicans take back the House in November’s midterm elections — said Biden’s priorities are out of whack. “Average electric cars cost more than people earn in a whole year. That’s the Biden administration approach: Crush oil. Crush gas. And make people suffer,” said Barrasso of Wyoming, the country’s largest producer of coal. Biden, who has ​made it his administration’s goal to develop a network of 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations across the country, has blamed the escalating cost of gas on President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. He has also accused the nation’s oil companies of reaping excessive profits while Americans suffer at the pump. “[A]t a time of war, refinery profit margins well above normal being passed directly onto American families are not acceptable​,” Biden wrote in a letter to Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods and six other oil companies last week.