A domestic violence survivor in San Francisco is applauding the recall of progressive District Attorney Chesa Boudin, saying the vote to oust him from office feels like “validation.” John Marble, a public speaker and disability advocate, told Fox News Friday he was treated poorly by Boudin’s office as a witness after alleged domestic violence forced him out of his home in 2020. “I’m not ashamed to admit that I cried last night,” Marble told Fox News of watching Tuesday’s overwhelming returns against the embattled Boudin. “I think for me, and a lot of victims, it was a feeling of validation, that the things we went through, not only in the crimes we experienced, but in the treatment from the district attorney’s office, were real.” Marble said he was “extremely grateful” to see that other San Franciscans agreed, showing the soft-on-crime Boudin the door during the recall election, which he lost by roughly 20 points. Marble insisted Boudin’s office over the span of two years made him feel as if he was not a priority, saying the “considerations were always on the person being prosecuted” rather than the victim. “I was constantly told that it would be better for the DA’s caseload if I forgot things and forgot prosecution and simply moved,” Marble told Fox News. Marble backed the recall against Boudin, whose term was set to end in 2024, over “wrongdoing” he encountered when San Francisco District Attorney’s Office denied him “reasonable accommodation as a witness,” he said, as well as rights entitled to him under California’s Marsy’s Law for crime victims. The Victims Services Division of San Francisco, which is part of Boudin’s office, denied Marble safe housing. And when he questioned the response, prosecutors threatened to drop all charges against Marble’s alleged abuser while trying to “intimidate” him, according to the report. Marble pressed on and filed a complaint, but the charges against his alleged abuser were ultimately dropped and he had to leave his home over fears for his safety, Fox News reported. Marble, who previously worked as a White House staffer during the Obama administration, later found housing in a hotel after launching a fundraising effort. The Democrat was initially “hesitant” to back the effort to recall Boudin, but said he was pleased to see others Dems as part of the push. “If we want to make progress, we’ve actually got to do the work in making that progress,” Marble told Fox News. “You can believe in criminal justice reform, but you have to marry it with reality and public safety.” Marble also accused Boudin, a former public defender and the son of convicted Weather Underground terrorists, of being “insulated by his privilege” that protected him from the uptick in crime on San Francisco streets and open-air drug dealing. Marble also detailed his plight in a column published in the San Francisco Chronicle last week, saying although he still keeps a backpack by his bed, he longer fears having to flee in the middle of the night. “I do fear for other victims,” Marble wrote. “I fear for their safety. I fear for their health. I fear they feel trapped, just as I did.” Boudin’s office did not reply to a message seeking comment, Fox News reported. The recalled district attorney cannot be removed from office until 10 days after the city’s Board of Supervisors certifies Tuesday’s recall, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. Mayor London Breed will then name Boudin’s replacement. A special election will be held in November for the remainder of his term. Boudin, for his part, blamed the recall on “right-wing billionaires” who outspent his effort by a margin of 3 to 1, he said.