President Biden said Thursday that the Second Amendment “is not absolute” during a rare, prime-time speech on the recent wave of horrific, mass shootings. “I respect the culture and the tradition and the concerns of lawful gun owners, Biden said from the White House. “At the same time, the Second Amendment, like all other rights, is not absolute.”“We need to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines,” Biden affirmed. “And if we can’t ban assault weapons then we should raise the age to purchase them from 18 to 21.” But instead of sticking around to twist lawmakers’ arms, Biden planned to immediately fly to his beach house in Delaware for an extended weekend getaway. The president was initially scheduled to depart at 5:30 p.m. but delayed the trip so he could deliver the 7:30 p.m. address. During his 17-minute address, Biden offered some proposals that could potentially win Republican support, including addressing the nation’s “mental health crisis.” “There’s a serious youth mental health crisis in this country we have to do something about,” he said. “That’s why mental health is at the heart of my unity agenda that I laid out in the State of Union address. We must provide more school counselors, more school nurses, more mental health services for students and for teachers. More people volunteering as mentors to help young people succeed.” But Biden also ripped into the GOP, saying, “My God, the fact that the majority of the Senate Republicans don’t want any of these proposals even to be debated or come up for a vote, I find unconscionable.” “You can’t fail the American people again,” he scolded. “I want to be very clear this is not about taking away anyone’s guns,” Biden insisted, saying that his proposals were “not about vilifying gun owners.” “In fact, we believe we should be treating responsible gun owners as an example of how every gun owner should behave,” he said. But he vowed that “I’ll never give up” on new gun-control measures and that if Congress doesn’t go along, “I believe this time a majority of American people won’t give up either.” “I believe the majority of you will act to turn your outrage and to making this issue central to your vote,” he said. “Enough. Enough. Enough.” Biden also said he wanted to “strengthen background checks and enact safe-storage laws and red flag laws.” “We should also have national red flag laws so that a parent, a teacher, a counselor can flag for a court that a child, a student, a patient is exhibiting violent tendencies, threatening classmates or experiencing suicidal thoughts that makes them a danger to themselves or to others,” he said. At one point, Biden made the disputed claim that a 10-year federal ban on assault weapons from 1994 to 2004 had reduced the rate of mass shootings. “Nine categories of semiautomatic weapons were included in that ban, like AK-47s and AR-15s. And in the 10 years it was law, mass shootings went down,” he said. “After Republicans let the law expire in 2004 and those weapons were allowed to be sold again, mass shootings tripled. Those are the facts.” But a recent review by FactCheck.org found evidence for that assertion to be inconclusive, although one expert — Daniel Webster, director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research — said, “It’s clear that there is an association between weapon features, most notably ammunition capacity, and how many people are shot in these incidents.” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday afternoon that her boss would be speaking “to the American public directly.” “Tonight, you’ll hear from him,” Jean-Pierre said during her daily briefing. “It’ll be basically making sure that he’s still — his voice is out there and calling to action and making sure that, you know, the American people know that he’s still continuing to speak on their behalf and making sure that, you know, we get some action taken.” But the president isn’t getting personally involved in discussions over legislation to “give it some space” to develop, she said. Biden has had limited results from traveling to Capitol Hill to win congressional support for his legislative proposals. In October, he spent about 30 minutes meeting with fellow Democrats in support of his signature spending plans. Although he was able to convince House Democrats to pass the Senate’s bipartisan infrastructure bill, his pricey “Build Back Better” proposal wound up shelved when Sen. Joe Manchin (D-West Virginia) announced his opposition. Biden also met with Senate Democrats in January in a failed bid to weaken their chamber’s filibuster rule to pass sweeping election-reform legislation. In a prepared statement, the White House said Biden’s speech would focus on the “need for Congress to act to pass common sense laws to combat the epidemic of gun violence that is taking lives every day.” Last week, Biden emotionally blamed the “gun lobby” during a brief, prime-time address following the slaughter of 19 children and two teachers at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas. Lawmakers in the Senate are locked in negotiations over potential legislation sparked by the Uvalde massacre and members of the House Judiciary Committee held a special hearing Thursday on legislation that would raise the age threshold for purchasing semiautomatic rifles from 18 to 21. The House bill, which could be voted on as soon as next week, would also make it illegal to manufacture or possess large-capacity magazines. It’s unlikely to pass the Senate in its current form due to near-unanimous Republican opposition. The Uvalde massacre was carried out by Salvador Ramos, 18, with a legally purchased, AR-15-style semi-automatic rifle. Ramos was killed by a US Border Patrol tactical team that responded to the mass shooting. It came just 10 days after another 18-year-old, Payton Gendron, allegedly used an AR-15 that he legally purchased to murder 10 black shoppers at a Buffalo grocery store after publishing a white supremacist manifesto. A narrow bill to increase the age for purchasing an AR-15 age could garner bipartisan support. In 2018, then-President Donald Trump called for raising the age after 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz used a legally purchased model to murder 17 students and staffers at a high school in Parkland, Fla. He pleaded guilty in October and faces a potential death sentence. The most recent mass killing took place Wednesday at a medical building in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where four people were gunned down by Michael Louis, 45, who later committed suicide. The killer reportedly targeted a spine doctor who’d treated him. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) vowed Thursday to push forward next week with show votes on two House-passed bills to expand background checks on would-be gun buyers if Republican and Democratic senators don’t agree to the measures. Meanwhile, Judiciary Committee Chairman Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) said Thursday that House Democrats would push legislation instituting an assault weapons ban that would cover AR-15s “if we have the votes.” Republicans maintain that some Democratic proposals — including requiring background checks for all private gun transfers and restricting access to 9mm handguns — wouldn’t pass constitutional muster or do anything to stop mass shootings. “We need to get serious about understanding why this keeps happening. Democrats are always fixated on curtailing the rights of law-abiding citizens rather than trying to understand why this evil happens,” said Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. “Until we figure out the why, we will always mourn losses without facing the problem. Our job is to figure out the why.” Congress rarely passes gun legislation, meaning that most federal reforms come through regulation. Last month, Biden said his administration would attempt to ban “ghost gun” kits via regulation to close a loophole that allows businesses to sell most AR-15 gun parts without a federal background check along with a partially complete “lower receiver” part that buyers then finish off at home. The Trump administration in 2018 banned “bump stocks” that hasten the firing rate of semiautomatic rifles after the device was used to murder 60 people at an outdoor concert in Las Vegas concert in 2017. Additional reporting by Mark Moore