On Feb. 6, 2022, Queen Elizabeth II became the the first British Monarch to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee, which marks 70 years of service. To honor Her Majesty, the people of the United Kingdom, the Realms, the Commonwealth and fellow royals have been holding events and initiatives throughout the year. Now, it all culminates with a UK bank holiday weekend from June 2 to June 5. The four day celebration is set to include public events, community activities and moments of reflection. While you may not be in the UK, you can still join in on Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. Maybe you’ll bake some biscuits. Perhaps you’ll be streaming Prince Louis’ royal antics. Or maybe you’ll shop for some coveted Platinum Jubilee souvenirs. If the latter sounds like your, er, cup of tea, then keep reading. Celebrate Her Majesty with this resin statue. It measures seven inches tall and features delicate details, such as a crown, ivory gown and Royal Blue Riband. Long live the Queen! With this tee, you can honor Queen Elizabeth II. Features include a lightweight, classic and feminine fit. Welcome the Queen into all of your exquisite gatherings with this life size cardboard cutout. it’s simple to assemble, stands on its own and won’t be damaged easily. Commemorate this glorious occasion with a magazine dedicated to the Queen. Read all about Queen Elizabeth’s life, 70-year reign and over two dozen articles about various topics. Show off your love for Her Majesty with this ceramic mug. It’s microwave and dishwasher safe, features a design on both sides and ships in a box for protection. Have you ever wanted to have dinner with the Queen? Well, now you can with this ceramic salt and pepper shaker duo. You may be paying $15 for a $2 bill, but it’s well worth it. This genuine uncirculated $2 comes with a certificate of authenticity to guarantee that the bill is recognized by every monetary authority around the world and assures its collector edition status. This shirt is guaranteed to go down in history, as it features the royal crest and the dates of Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee. Choose from an array of colors and both men’s and women’s sizing. This unique wall art is fun, chic and royally amazing. Hang it in your bedroom or display it in a more public setting. Celebrate the Queen’s historic reign with this complete set of two colorized JFK Kennedy Half Dollar U.S. Coins. The set comes with a certificate of authenticity. But we don’t recommend spending them, as they’ll probably be worth a whole lot more in the near future! Be the Queen’s dedicated chauffeur with this royal car window sticker. Simply clean you car’s surface, peel off the sticker and stick away. Rep the Queen everywhere you go by carrying this fun, spunky tote. The bag is made of canvas-like fabric and measures 16″x16″. You better be on your best royal behavior, because Queen Elizabeth will be watching your every move with this Funko Pop! figurine. Wave Her Majesty’s flag high above the sky and showoff your love for the Queen. The flag measures 3×5 feet. Rep the Queen everywhere you go by carrying this fun, spunky tote. The bag is made of canvas-like fabric and measures 16″x16″. Make like the Queen in this jeweled crown. Its a gorgeous statement piece with charming flare. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.