The Connecticut teen accused of fatally stabbing Fairfield Prep student James McGrath at a house party was released on a $2 million bond last week as more details about the deadly brawl came to light, according to local reports. Raul Valle, 16, won’t stay in prison as he awaits trial in the homicide of McGrath, a popular 17-year-old lacrosse player at the college prep school, according to WFSB Connecticut. Instead, his attorney told the station his client is under home confinement and will be monitored around the clock. Valle is facing murder charges and three counts of first-degree assault for his role in a Shelton house party fight that turned fatal on May 14. Four partygoers were stabbed and rushed to the hospital that night, but McGrath didn’t survive, police said in a press release. One witness told police he saw about 25 people “rolling around on the ground” during the brawl that was initiated by the suspect, according to a police report obtained by WFSB. Valle flashed a “switch blade kind of knife” prior to the fight, a witness told officers. St. Joseph High School students, including the suspect, arrived at the Shelton house party after a party they were at earlier in the night were crashed by Shelton High School students, another witness said according to the police report. There was a brief fight at that previous house before the Shelton high schoolers left, according to the police report. Both sides were also talking trash in a group text, the witness told police. McGrath was stabbed through his heart, the medical examiner determined during an autopsy, according to the police report. The slain teen was remembered as a “wonderfully happy person with a big heart” who excelled at any sport he played, according to his obituary. His father told The Post on May 18 he was happy an arrest was made in the case. “The investigation is still ongoing and Shelton police have been just extremely supportive and helpful to get us closer to closure,” Kevin McGrath said. A St. Joseph High School rep told Fox News Digital Valle never got into a fight at school before the May 14 incident. The attorney for Valle called the incident an “unspeakable tragedy,” according to WFSB. “Obviously this is an unspeakable tragedy for everyone involved and it would be irresponsible for me to make any comment before I have a chance to examine all the evidence in the case,” defense attorney Jake Donovan reportedly said.