Whether you’re looking to graduate from the towel you’ve been lying on while tanning on the unfinished rooftop of your NYC apartment or want a new beach chair to soak up the sun beside the pool or ocean — we found the perfect lounger. The Ostrich Chaise Lounger not only folds up for easy storage, but it’s actually durable, too. Just make sure to pop the legs out before fully extending the base. This chair also features open/close face and arm slots with a head pillow. The face opening allows you to lie on your stomach comfortably, while the arm slots give you the option to scroll through your phone, read a book or even work from your laptop with ultimate ease. All you need is your beach umbrella, a sand-friendly wagon, your go-to cooler and a portable speaker. Like many New Yorkers, I found myself ghostly pale after a rough winter and itching for some color on my cheeks once it was warm enough to wear a bathing suit. After years of back pain from lying on the floor of my concrete rooftop, I went online shopping for the perfect beach chair or lounger. While there are tons of options on Amazon.com, the Ostrich Chaise Lounger caught my eye for two reasons: it has excellent reviews and is reasonably priced — truly one of the best purchases I’ve made in a long time. After receiving my lounger in purple, I was pleasantly surprised to see how durable and comfortable this product is. It’s extremely easy to set up, features a strap to carry it down the beach (or, in my case, up the stairs to my rooftop) and makes reading my summer book extra easy thanks to the face and arm holes. A few days after receiving my lounger, I was scrolling through TikTok and realized that this product is the same viral foldable lounge chair. The Ostrich Chaise Lounger is currently on sale for $59 in red and $68 in a purple shade, available on Amazon.com. “It really is cool to go to TikTok and search ‘tanning chair’ and see our chairs pop up everywhere,” Adam Tesser, co-founder of Ostrich, told the New York Post. “It is really something to put in all the time and work to develop a great product and have it appreciated.” Tesser later mentioned that Ostrich, launched in 2003, was the first company to create a “face down beach chair” with a patent. “Our products seem to go viral every year,” Tesser said. “The first time it happened, it took everyone by surprise.” “When Covid hit, we sold out of all of our inventory before the end of April. Since then, like everyone, we’ve had supply chain issues,” Tesser explained. “This year, we imported a large amount of chairs before the season, and the [TikTok] videos have been posted pretty steadily since March.” Tesser later mentioned that the company had sold more units on Amazon in the month of May than they did in the entire year of 2021. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.