The NYPD arrested a New Jersey woman Tuesday on charges that she was an accomplice in the shooting of a tourist at a Midtown hotel during the attempted robbery of his six-figure watch, cops said. Whitney Wiggins, 31, was allegedly in the getaway car used by career-criminal Nathaniel Owens, 35, after the March 18 attack outside the Fifty Hotel and Suites by Affina, an NYPD spokesman said. The Bayonne resident was hit with attempted murder, robbery, assault and criminal possession of a weapon charges, cops said. Owens was previously charged with attempted murder in the case. Owens, who was on parole for a 2012 weapons rap, allegedly shot tourist Pierrick Jamaux, 33, multiple times in the legs and groin to get at his $100,000 Richard Mille timepiece at the hotel on East 50th Street near Third Avenue, cops said. The gunman didn’t get the watch thanks partly to one of Jamaux’s female companions jumping on the gunman’s back. The suspect fled the location on Third Avenue in a black, four-door BMW “with an unknown female accomplice,” cops said at the time. Owens remains in jail on Rikers Island, records show. Jamaux, who was visiting the city from Hong Kong, frequently flashed the ritzy watch on social media. At the time, the cryptocurrency expert told The Post that he had “absolutely no clue who did this” — only that it was “to steal my watch.” “Someone knew I had the watch and somebody knew I’d be back in the hotel at that time,” he said of the attack. Jamaux, a French native, was also with his 26-year-old model wife, Sarah Watts, at the time of the attack, later gushing about her support in an Instagram post. “I would have never made it out of ICU without your love and care,” he wrote of his recovery at Bellevue Hospital. “You were here for me and I will be here for you as long as I am. I love you my superwoman ♥,” he wrote. Owens had 18 prior arrests, including for drug possession, assault and criminal possession of a weapon, the sources said. He had last been arrested on Jan. 23 for allegedly punching an elderly victim who lived next door to him. “He’s a very dangerous person,” that victim told The Post.