Finding out you are expecting twins may be a shock for some — so imagine the surprise one mom had when she discovered she was expecting not one, but two sets of twins. Ashley Ness admitted it was enough of a shock knowing she was pregnant at all — until she was at a routine ultrasound two weeks later when the sonographer noticed something looked a little different. “It’s just me and the tech in there, she’s sitting there, she’s scanning me, and then she writes ‘A B,’ so I look at her and I am like, ‘Wait, hold on, am I having twins?’ She’s like, ‘Um, honey, you’re having four babies,’ ” Ness told Boston.com, admitting she “thought I was going to faint.” That wasn’t the end of the surprises, with Ness finding out later she was actually expecting two sets of identical twins: two boys and two girls. The odds of naturally conceiving quadruplets are extremely slim, with the odds of it happening between 1 in 700,000 and 1 in 1 million. The odds of conceiving two sets of identical twins in one pregnancy is 1 in 70 million. The babies will be joining her four other children, a daughter whom she has from a previous relationship and her boyfriend Val’s three children, all between 7 and 24. Ness said her family is thrilled with the news, adding it made her reflect on the miscarriages she had suffered previously. “I did miscarry previously four times, and so my grandmother actually passed away back in January, so when I conceived, it was right before my grandmother had passed away too. So I feel as if it was almost like a gift from her, like sending back the losses that I had,” she told “Good Morning America.“ The babies are due Oct. 18, but as it’s a high-risk pregnancy her doctors want her to deliver the babies at 32 weeks, making their due date mid-to-late August. The soon-to-be mom of eight has already picked out names for her additions with her 8-year-old daughter. “The two girls are Chesley and Chatham, and then the two boys are Chance and Cheston,”  she told WJAR. In the US, only about 150 sets of quadruplets are born each year. There’s an increased chance of quadruplets if the mother has a family history of multiple births, which Ness’ family does.