Fans are one step closer to seeing their favorite Queen of Pop dramatized on the big screen. “Ozark” star Julia Garner has reportedly been offered the role of Madonna in an upcoming Universal biopic, a source told Variety. Another insider connected to the project noted that Garner, 28, has materialized as the favorite to portray the “Hung Up” singer, 63, from over a dozen frontrunners. A different source claimed the “Inventing Anna” star’s team is considering accepting the role. Madonna is set to direct the feature based on her life. The film will follow the “Evita” star’s early life and rise to fame as the world’s foremost pop superstar. Another insider dished to People on Tuesday that “the ‘Madonna’ project is in active development, and Julia Garner is the choice to play Madonna in the biopic.” “Uncut Gems” star Julia Fox is also reportedly in talks to portray Madonna’s longtime bestie Debi Mazar. It was reported in March that a cluster of young starlets were clamoring for the prized role. Names such as Florence Pugh, Alexa Demie, Odessa Young, Bebe Rexha and Sky Ferreira were previously thrown into the mix. According to The Hollywood Reporter, contenders had to endure a “grueling” audition process with casting director Carmen Cuba as well as a “Madonna boot camp,” with intense choreography training sessions lasting up to 11 hours a day with Madonna’s choreographer and the music icon herself. For the callback portion of the process, the actresses underwent singing auditions and readings with Madonna. The “Material Girl” songstress said in a statement regarding the movie that she desires to “convey the incredible journey that life has taken me on as an artist, a musician, a dancer — a human being, trying to make her way in this world.” “The focus of this film will always be music. Music has kept me going and art has kept me alive. There are so many untold and inspiring stories and who better to tell it than me. It’s essential to share the roller coaster ride of my life with my voice and vision,” she added.