At least three people were killed and 11 people more wounded in a mass shooting in Philadelphia late Saturday night, police said. Gunfire erupted on South Street near 3rd Street in Downtown Philadelphia shortly before midnight, Philadelphia police said, according to WPVI. Two men and a woman were killed, all of whom suffered multiple gunshot wounds, authorities said. Patrolling officers heard numerous gunshots go off and rushed to the area — filled with nightlife venues, bars and restaurants — where they saw “several active shooters” firing into the crowd, Inspector DF Pace told the station. “You can imagine there were hundreds of individuals just enjoying South Street, as they do every single weekend, when this shooting broke out,” Pace said, according to multiple outlets. One responding officer shot at one of the gunmen, police said. An officer shot at one of the suspects from about 30 feet away, but it was unclear if the suspect was hit, according to pace. “We’re uncertain whether he was struck or not, but the officer was able to get that individual to drop his gun and flee,” he said, according to CNN. At least one shooter dropped their gun, which was equipped with “an extended magazine,” The Philadelphia Inquirer reported. Cops found two guns at the scene, according to the newspaper. The identities of the victims and their conditions were not disclosed as of early Sunday. Cops said two of the deceased include a 25-year-old woman and a 22-year-old man, the newspaper reported. Seven victims were taken to Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, including one of the deceased victims. Five others were taken to Pennsylvania Hospital, including the suspect, police told the newspaper. Three other victims were taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center. No officers were injured, according to police. Joe Smith, 23, was waiting outside of the Theatre of the Living Arts on South Street when shots were fired just 10 feet from the venue, he told the Inquirer. ”Once it started I didn’t think it was going to stop,” Smith said. “There was guttural screaming. I just heard screams.” He told the paper he instantly thought of the recent mass shootings in Uvalde, Texas and Buffalo, New York once he heard gunshots. According to the Gun Violence Archive, 2022 has seen at least 239 mass shootings so far. In Philadelphia alone, police are investigating nine different shootings that took place Friday and Saturday, according to the local CBS affiliate. No arrests have been made in the late Saturday mass shooting. Police are looking for surveillance footage to try to identify the shooters. Cops did not disclose if they have a suspect in custody, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported Sunday. Though a person who is likely a suspect was shot in the forearm, it was not clear if that person was shot by a police officer, according to the newspaper. One of the shooters fled the scene south on American Street between 2nd and 3rd streets, the local NBC affiliate reported. “I want to emphasize that South Street is manned by numerous police officers,” Pace said, according to NBC 10. “This is standard deployment for Friday and Saturday night, weekends, and especially during the summer months.” With Post wires