MIAMI — Adam Ottavino has been an ace in the Mets bullpen lately, but he couldn’t avoid getting stung in Sunday’s ninth inning. Nick Fortes launched a two-out walk-off homer against Ottavino, sending the Mets to a 3-2 loss to the Marlins at loanDepot park. The Mets wasted an opportunity to sweep their first road series of the season. Moments after Luis Guillorme fully extended to rob Jesus Aguilar of a single, Fortes launched an Ottavino slider into the left-field seats to begin the Marlins’ celebration. Ottavino had allowed only one earned run in his previous 19 appearances. In the eighth, J.D. Davis got as far as third base as the go-ahead run for the Mets, but James McCann struck out to end the threat. David Peterson provided the Mets with a second strong start against the Marlins in less than a week. The left-hander, who is awaiting paternity leave for the birth of a son, pitched seven innings and allowed two earned runs on four hits with eight strikeouts and lowered his ERA to 3.10. It followed a performance against Miami on Monday in which Peterson pitched 5 ¹/₃ scoreless innings. The left-hander’s best work overall this season has occurred on the road, where he has pitched to a 2.17 ERA in six appearances. On this day Peterson retired 12 of the final 13 batters he faced in completing seven innings for the first time this season. Peterson’s previous high was six innings pitched in a victory at San Francisco on May 23. Brandon Nimmo homered leading off the third to tie it 1-1. The homer, which cleared the center-field fence, was Nimmo’s fifth this season. Before the inning was complete the Mets had another run. Starling Marte doubled just inside the third-base line and Pete Alonso hit a bloop over first base for a double that scored Marte and extended Alonso’s MLB lead in RBIs to 69. Jon Berti’s double leading off the bottom of the first led to the Marlins scoring their first run, on Garrett Cooper’s sacrifice fly. Peterson surrendered a solo homer in the third to Miguel Rojas that tied it 2-2. Peterson was efficient, retiring the side in order in the fourth, sixth and seventh innings. In the fifth he surrendered a two-out double to Erik Gonzalez before striking out Berti.