The ex-wife of a former NBA star is in prison for her role in the basketball player’s horrific murder in a case that shocked the nation. The discovery of Lorenzen Wright’s body in a field, riddled with bullets, is just one of a series of chilling details of his death. Sherra Wright pleaded guilty to her role in Lorenzen’s death in 2019 and was sentenced to 30 years in prison after his decomposed body was found in a field in 2010. Lorenzen was a 34-year-old former NBA basketball pro who played for a total of 13 seasons after being drafted seventh overall in 1996. The father of six played for the Los Angeles Clippers, Atlanta Hawks, Memphis Grizzlies, Sacramento Kings, and Cleveland Cavaliers at various points thoughts his career. His 2010 slaying is one of the most highly publicized murder cases in Memphis history, according to the Associated Press. The former NBA pro disappeared on the night of July 18, 2010. Police said he had just left the Tennessee home of his ex-wife Sherra Wright with the two having only been divorced for five months at the time. Both the Memphis Grizzlies and the city of Memphis offered a $5,000 reward for any information on Lorenzen’s whereabouts following his disappearance. The State of Tennessee was willing to pay out $10,000, and Crime Stoppers put up $1,000. A tragic discovery came 10 days after he was reported missing. His body was found decomposing in a desolate field area near a golf course. He was found with 11 gunshots to the head, torso, and right forearm, law enforcement revealed. A seven-year investigation followed. Lorenzen attempted to call 911 the morning of July 19, just after he disappeared. The dispatcher reportedly could not locate him or make out what he was saying. Instead, they reported hearing gunshots in the background. The call would later be played in court with the resounding sound of shots fired presented to the jury. Three suspects were eventually taken into custody in connection to what happened to Lorenzen, including Sherra Wright’s cousin. Lorenzen’s ex-wife Sherra, her landscaper Billy Ray Turner, and her cousin Jimmie Martin were all hauled in by police for questioning. Martin testified in court that Sherra Wright recruited him and Turner to kill Lorenzen. Prosecutors said that Martin and Turner had previously gone to Lorenzen’s Atlanta apartment with guns. They reportedly broke in, only to find someone sleeping on the couch with Lorenzen not home. They left, and Sherra Wright hatched another plan. According to prosecutors in Turner’s trial, Turner and Sherra Wright had a romantic relationship. Turner was a landscaper in Atlanta and had met Sherra Wright through the church they both attended. She could easily manipulate Turner, prosecutors said. Sherra Wright allegedly told her cousin that she conspired a plan with Turner to have Lorenzen meet her at the field, where he would be attacked. Martin further explained in court testimony that Sherra told him that she and Turner ambushed Lorenzen after luring him there. They chased Lorenzen, who jumped a fence and tried to escape before they shot him. Sherra Wright originally maintained a story that Lorenzen was killed in a drug deal gone bad. In July 2019,  she changed her tune and pleaded guilty to a charge of facilitation of first-degree murder. As Martin was already being tried for the alleged murder of his girlfriend, he received immunity in the case. During Martin’s testimony at the trial, he told the jury that Turner had disposed of the gun in a north Mississippi lake, and he had told detectives where to locate the gun in 2012. The gun was later found by FBI divers only 50 miles from where Lorenzen’s body was discovered and Turner was arrested in 2017, shortly after the murder weapon was found. A 12-person jury deliberated for two hours before finding Turner guilty of first-degree murder, attempted murder, and conspiracy in Lorenzen’s death on March 21, 2022. Turner was sentenced to life in prison. Though a motive wasn’t made clear in court, Lorenzen’s mother Deborah Marion claims Sherra killed him to access his million-dollar life insurance policy. Sherra reportedly quickly went through the $1 million following his death. The policy was in place to care for the couple’s six living children if something were to happen to him. Their children include Lorenzen Wright Jr, Loren Wright, twins Lamar, and Shamar Wright, Sofia Wright, and Lawson Wright. Two of Wright’s children gave statements to the Tennessee Board of Parole to advocate for Sherra’s early release in May 2022, while Marion spoke out against her release. Sherra claimed she had been behaving well in prison and should be released early in a request that was denied. She is serving her sentence at a rehabilitation center and is required to stay for 30 percent of it before talks of release. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.