The Yankees had to work overtime Friday to make sure a sterling pitching performance didn’t go to waste. Jose Trevino, the last man left on the bench, finally delivered the big hit that had been missing all night, coming through with an RBI single in the 13th inning to give the Yankees a 2-1 win over the Cubs in The Bronx. Pinch-hitting for Kyle Higashioka with two outs, Trevino roped a line drive over the head of shortstop Nico Hoerner. That drove home Joey Gallo, who was the ghost runner and had moved to third base on a Gleyber Torres fly out, and set off a celebration. “Credit to [Trevino], he was ready to roll all night,” manager Aaron Boone said. “With him and Higgy … whoever’s playing, they’re [both] engaged and essentially playing the game anyway. Just a great job of being ready. Really good at-bat, got a pitch he could handle and stuck it.” Before Trevino’s walk-off hit, the Yankees (42-16) had been 0-for-18 with runners in scoring position and had left 15 men on base. On the flip side, Luis Severino and the Yankees’ bullpen had quieted the Cubs (23-34), holding them to 0-for-18 with runners in scoring position and stranding 13 runners. But Trevino came through with some late magic for the second time this season. His first walk-off hit came on May 24, the birthday of his late father. On Friday, it was his son Josiah Cruz’s fourth birthday. “I don’t know what everybody believes in, but I know what I believe in,” Trevino said after FaceTiming with his son following the game. “I believe I got a little extra help every time something like that happens.” Clarke Schmidt (two innings), Wandy Peralta and Ron Marinaccio combined to keep the Cubs scoreless through the four extra innings, not allowing a hit and stranding four runners. In the 11th, Schmidt induced a pop up and then helped himself out, snagging a line drive off the bat of Rafael Ortega and firing to second base for the double play. Schmidt had gotten a more conventional double play to end the 10th. After intentionally walking Ian Happ with one out, the Yankees reliever got Frank Schwindel to ground into a 5-4-3 twin killing to end the inning. The Cubs, meanwhile, intentionally walked Aaron Judge to lead off the 10th inning, Torres to lead off the 11th and Judge again with one out in the 12th, but the Yankees couldn’t muster a rally in any of those situations. “Our defense played well tonight,” Trevino said. “Our bullpen did what they’ve been doing, coming in and throwing up zeroes and giving us a chance to win the game. That kind of carried us over. We just needed one hit.” The Yankees were coming off a 10-7 win at Minnesota on Thursday, in which Gerrit Cole had dug them into a 7-3 deficit by the time he exited the game in the third inning. But after they landed back in New York around 5 a.m., the bats were quieter on Friday night. After Torres put the Yankees up 1-0 with a solo homer in the fourth inning, they only recorded two more hits the rest of the way. Severino delivered another strong start, giving up just one run — a solo homer from Jason Heyward in the fifth — over six innings. He struck out 10 for a second straight outing, lowering his ERA to 2.80 and getting the Yankees’ rotation back on track after a rough series against the Twins. Bhy the time the game ended, Severino’s night was long over, but Trevino made sure it didn’t go any longer than the 13th inning. “Playing a four-and-a-half [hour game] after getting in at 5 [in the morning], that’s not ideal,” Boone said. “I felt like we fed off that energy [from the crowd] a little bit. The energy was really good coming off a big comeback win and long travel. That’s a credit to these guys making sure they’re ready to go. We’re playing for a lot.”