Whether you’re reading this in the winter and cringe every time you see your pale appearance in the mirror or trying to achieve that perfect glow during the summer without all the damaging UV rays, we’re here to save the day with the best self-tanners on the market. Since recent photos of Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling on the set of the upcoming “Barbie” film have been leaked, it seems like people are trying to achieve the perfect summer glow more than ever before. Lucky for us, Gosling’s on-set tanning expert revealed exactly which product she used on him. Spoiler alert: it’s the Isle of Paradise Self Tanning Glow Drops. After all, there’s nothing better than feeling like your best self with a healthy, bronzed tan, but unless you live in sunny California or Florida, that may not be possible all year long. Self-tanners will get the job done without exposing your body to all the potentially harmful UV rays. A quality self-tanner is a great way to achieve that perfect glow any time of the year —and they’ve come a long way from the smelly, orange and streaky options. Expert tip: Be sure to exfoliate before applying self-tanner and moisturize your body daily to help your tan last longer. In an effort to help you get your best tan, the New York Post spoke with two influential celebrity makeup artists who have tried just about every self-tanner in the industry. Jeannia Robinette has worked in the beauty world for more than 20 years. She has created quite the client list that includes A-listers including Angelina Jolie, Victoria Beckham, Gisele Bündchen, Jennifer Garner and many more. Megan Lanoux is known both in NYC and LA for makeup, hair and grooming and has worked with various stars such as Diane Sawyer, Eva Longoria, Debra Messing, Julianne Hough and Jessie James Decker. Keep reading to find out which self-tanners they rave about the most. The St. Tropez Self Tan Dark Bronzing Mousse is a great option for those with darker skin tones who want a glow. It has a darker guide color to ensure no missed patches but continues to develop into an intense, deep-bronzed tan that suits you. The brand states that it’s best for those looking for an intense yet natural color, equivalent to a two-week holiday in the sun. Lanoux recommends this St. Tropez self-tanner because it’s streak-free and can be used on both the face and body. “Not only is it long-lasting [but it] doesn’t dry the skin out,” she said. “I like Bali Body because when you use a mousse, it’s always easier to apply with a very dark formula,” Robinette said. “It’s more of a natural application and this has a very deep color and is made specifically for those with those deep, caramel-y bronzed skin tones. It just kind of gives the skin an extra layer of glow because when you’re dark, you don’t need that much extra color.” The Bali Body Tanning Mousse is easy to apply, fast-drying and lightweight. Plus it’s natural, 100% vegan and enriched with soothing chamomile extract, antioxidant coffee seed extract and rejuvenating pomegranate extract to leave your skin feeling soft. Kimberley Nkosi, the skincare and tanning expert on the set of the upcoming “Barbie” film, took to Instagram to reveal the exact products she uses to achieve Gosling’s natural-looking glow — one of the products being the popular Isle of Paradise Self-Tanning Drops. “For me, applying sunless tanner isn’t about spraying something on and hoping for the best. It’s about a feeling more than a look,” Nkosi said. “Plus, when you work on set, there’s so many things to take into consideration. The camera picks up every little detail and can completely change the appearance of the tan, especially under lights. Being mindful of this and being consistent is key to achieving a flawless tan each and every time.” The expert then went on to say that she “always [uses the shade] medium with a touch of dark to balance [Gosling’s] under tone and [to] make sure he [is] camera ready.” Not convinced yet? Get more information by checking out our review on the Isle of Paradise Self-Tanning Drops. While many choose not to tan their face, if you’re going to do it, Lanoux recommends you do it overnight. “It’s hard to tan your face during the day because you can’t put makeup on after,” she said. “[Self-tanning] while you sleep makes it feel effortless.” Lanoux enjoys the James Read Sleep Mask because it gives a gradual tan “so you don’t wake up looking crazy [and] can slowly build on your tan.” It has a colorless formula so it won’t ruin your clothes and has a lightweight and hydrating essence that’s filled with antioxidants. An expensive self-tanner doesn’t always guarantee the best glow. In fact, you don’t have to spend more than $10 to get the perfect tan. The Jergens Natural Glow Instant Sun Sunless Tanning Mousse came highly recommended by Lanoux for her drugstore pick. “It’s easy to apply without leaving any streaks, smells nice and really gives your skin a bronze that looks natural from the sun,” said Lanoux who recommends you apply this product with a mitt. It’s available in both a light and deep bronze shades and has more than 7,500 positive reviews on Amazon. The Mario Badescu Self Tanning Lotion is another cost effective self tanner that Robinette loves — but specifically for fair skin tones. “It’s super inexpensive and amazing for fair skin since it gives just a little bit of color for the perfect, natural glow,” she said. “It’s very subtle to help those with extra light skin avoid looking orange.” This product is lightweight, oil-free and safe to use on both your face and body. Not only will it hydrate your skin, but you will also achieve a healthy, subtle glow within two hours of application. Robinette also recommends a Jergens self-tanner if you’re looking for a budget-friendly option. While she loves all Jergens products, instead of the mousse, she really loves the Natural Glow Moisturizer. “It comes in a variety of different shades (from light to deep colors) and the formula is really light and airy. It’s super easy to use and it leaves your skin moisturized which is always a bonus!” she said. The Jergens Natural Glow Moisturizer will enhance and deepen your natural skin tone to provide an easy and streak-free glow. There’s nothing worse than a patchy tan and people often forget to be diligent with their hands, wrists, feet and ankles. “Messy hands and feet are a dead give away when self-tanning but these wipes from Jergens make it so much easier to get into those small nooks and crannies for a flawless glow,” Robinette said. The Jergens Natural Glow Instant Sun Towelettes come in a range of colors and cost less than $20! What’s not to love? The Kora Organics Gradual Self-Tanning Lotion is a great option for someone with sensitive skin and or looking for a clean recommendation. “It has essentials oils to hydrate your skin and a lot of great clean ingredients that go into your body while tanning it – making it a very pleasant and safe self-tanner, which is especially great for those with sensitive skin,” Robinette said. Supermodel Miranda Kerr, Kora Organics founder, is also a huge fan of this self-tanner. “I love that this self-tan lotion has a very natural, buildable color and smells great. I use it throughout the year to maintain a healthy glow,” Kerr said, according to the website. It features noni extract, which is a fruit native to the South Pacific Islands that is rich in antioxidants, vitamins and minerals and is known for its natural rejuvenating properties. The product also includes rosehip – which is abundant in antioxidants, essential fatty acids Omega 3 & 6, Vitamins A & C and anti-inflammatory properties. And it’s scented with lavender essential oils so you can avoid that traditional spray tan odor. Lanoux is also a fan of this Luna Bronze product because it’s 100% natural, organic and vegan. Luna Bronze Total Eclipse is a natural and organic express tanning mousse that’s made to give your skin an instant dark tan that will develop within just one hour, with no orange hues! The lightweight formula is made in Australia with 98% certified organic and naturally derived ingredients, including nourishing oils to give your skin the dual benefit of hydration and softness. “It’s easy to apply, it smells really nice and overall just gives a supernatural glow. It also dries faster than other self-tanner options,” Robinette said. “Sometimes products can take hours and hours to dry but this tan mist is a bit quicker which is always nice.” The Coola Organic Sunless Tan Dry Body Oil Mist is infused with a natural coconut scent to cancel out that self-tan smell and features 70% organic ingredients that deliver a natural-looking radiance that lasts up to three days. This fast-drying, streak-free, transfer-free formula is enriched with argan oil, vitamin C, hibiscus and chamomile extract giving you smooth and hydrated skin. It’s non-GMO, vegan, cruelty-free, free of oxybenzone, parabens, sulfates and phthalates. When it comes to self-tanning oil, Lanoux stands by the James Read Coconut Dry Oil Tan Body. “It’s super hydrating with coconut oil, vitamin E and it drys quickly and tans your skin within a few hours,” Lanoux said. It’s fueled with soothing antioxidants, in addition to coconut oil that creates a  translucent formula to unveil a luxurious glow upon application. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.