The farm was alive with the sound of a donkey’s music. A Texas donkey named Monte has serenaded his way into the hearts of viewers on TikTok, gaining thousands of likes and comments. Pinky Ruggles adopted the 28-year-old singing donkey two years ago from Texas Miracle Ranch, which is home to more than 400 animals, according to the Houston Chronicle. “He sat at the rescue because he was smaller, he was older,” said Ruggles. “He wasn’t the cuddly type. He wasn’t the rush over to see what you’re doing type. He just wasn’t what everyone always wants a donkey to be.” Ruggles, 37, said Monte’s laid-back attitude was not desirable for some people but did not bother her in the least. According to Ruggles, when she first brought Monte home, he did not make a sound; however, as he got comfortable, his voice began to soar. “He started braying and I was like, ‘What the hell?’ I mean, he looked just as confused as I did. I don’t know if he’d ever made noise before. We have no clue,” exclaimed Ruggles. “He started going off. It’s like he knew his life changed,” Ruggles explained to the Chronicle. “He knew that he was home and his personality just came out full force.” While there may not be any record deals for Monte in the future, the singing sensation knows how to use his gift. “If he thinks he going to get something, he stands at the front door,” said Ruggles. “As I come out the front door, mom’s got carrots, apples, treats or Peeps.” The singing also alerts Ruggles’ other animals — two horses, 18 chickens and three dogs — that it’s time to eat. Ruggles also noted that sometimes Monte will attempt to “sing” quietly so as to not alert the others. In April 2022, a clip of Monte found its way to the Internet and promptly went viral. The video has since amassed 14 million views. “What a voice,” commented one user. “He sounds like Louis Armstrong,” someone else wrote. Monte’s fan base had grown over his social media platforms, amassing nearly 330,000 followers combined. In response to the incredible amounts of love he has received, Ruggles has set up a P.O. box where fans can send treats or fan mail. “It blows my mind … The amount of people that come looking for him, that love this, that encourage him. Never in a million years would I have guessed,” said Ruggles. “It feels like he’s supposed to be their little, bright sunshine, like that’s the reason why he came to live here: to spread whatever weird stuff he does to everyone else,” Ruggles added. “You can’t help but laugh at him.”