Baseball bettors have 16 MLB games to choose from on today’s slate, but expert bettors have focused in on a few specific markets. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified two sides — both underdogs — and one total in plus-money that interested expert handicappers. With that in mind, here are the report’s recommendations. The Pirates have dropped three of their last four games, but experts give them a chance tonight against the Giants. We’ve seen sharp action come in on Pittsburgh, which opened as a +180 consensus underdog but now has a top price of +177. Further, big money bettors are interested in the Pirates as well — as of this writing, they have seen only 20 percent of all moneyline bets against 44 percent of the total moneyline handle. Further, there’s a model projection edge with the Pirates. According to the Action Network’s MLB power ratings, the Pirates should only be a +146 underdog to the Giants, who arrive in Pittsburgh winners in four of their last five games. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Pirates, giving them four signals in their direction. Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+177 BetMGM) The Phillies fleeced the Nationals 10-1 in their series opener, but experts are getting behind Washington tonight. We’ve seen both sharp action and big money hit the Nationals moneyline, which currently has a top price of +140. In terms of the betting splits, they can be described as seismically different. As of this writing, the Nationals have received only 28 percent of all moneyline bets against 87 percent of the total moneyline handle. Further, there’s another model projection edge with this contest. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the Nationals should be rated closer to +110 tonight against the Phillies. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Nationals, giving them four total signals. Washington Nationals Moneyline (+140 BetMGM) These divisional foes will begin a three-game series tonight and experts are interested in backing the total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which opened at nine and has largely held steady at that number. In fact, bettors taking the under can get a top price of +105. Furthermore, big money bettors are also interested in the under — as of this writing, that market has seen 69 percent of all bets against 78 percent of the total handle. Plus, there’s yet another model projection edge with this market as Action Network MLB power ratings make the total 8.73. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under to round out the four signals in its direction. Yankees/Blue Jays Total Under 9 Runs (+105 BetMGM)