 “Is it as obvious as it seems that domestic violent extremists are an important part of the voting coalition on the right?” — MSNBC’s Nicolle Wallace, Tuesday — the day before a left-wing nut planned to kill Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh We say: Don’t write off Wallace’s reality-free slur as mere bad timing. With the Justice Department labeling parents “domestic terrorists” and the left hyping (and distorting) fringe “white replacement theory” (while ignoring left-wing extremists, antifa, etc.), partisans like Wallace really do see right-wing terrorists around every corner. “Watergate was a burglary of Democratic party offices. Nobody died. The violent assault on Capitol Hill ultimately claimed seven lives.” — Edward Luce, Financial Times, Wednesday We say: The truth? Capitol rioters didn’t kill a single person. Not one. Yes, a Trump supporter was fatally shot . . . by a Capitol Police officer. Two protesters died of natural causes, and another OD’d. The next day, Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick also died of natural causes, though for months left-leaning outlets and even President Joe Biden himself claimed protesters killed him. Two other officers later committed suicide. Was the breach of the Capitol an abhorrent stain on the democratic process, involving physical confrontations and terrorizing lawmakers? Absolutely. But isn’t that bad enough? Attempts to milk it for political gain by falsely painting protesters as killers are disgusting in their own right. We say: Oops. Back in November 2020, The Washington Post cited experts who pooh-poohed conservatives’ warnings about a then-looming spike in gas prices under President Joe Biden. Looks like the experts, and the WaPo, were a tad . . . off, as a New York Post report Monday shows. We say: Since when is a network’s news lineup a front-page story? Fox News said its sister station, Fox Business, would cover the Democrats’ Capitol-riot hearing, while its prime-time hosts would address it “as news warrants.” That wasn’t good enough for the Dems’ “paper of record”: It notes that other (left-leaning) networks will devote “wall-to-wall” coverage to the hearing and tries to shame Fox for not climbing aboard. Yet the mass coverage is part of a partisan show staged by Dems in Congress; networks have every right to decide how they want to cover that. The Times, however, thinks viewers should have no options. Meanwhile, the Gray Lady ran its report on a left-winger’s plot to assassinate Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh on . . . page A20. Is there any doubt about its agenda? We say: After a man was caught Wednesday outside Justice Kavanaugh’s home plotting to kill him, White House Deputy Press Secretary Andrew Bates flatly denied that former Press Secretary Jen Psaki encouraged protests near the jurists’ personal residences in response to the leak of a draft opinion on Roe v. Wade. Yet a transcript Bates himself posted shows Psaki clearly saying, “We certainly continue to encourage [protests] outside of judges’ homes, and that’s the president’s position.” Sure, she meant peaceful protests, but directing protesters to officials’ residences invites trouble, as the plan to kill Kavanaugh plainly shows. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board