Prince George made fans do a double take at Sunday’s Platinum Jubilee pageant at Buckingham Palace. The 8-year-old son of Prince William and Kate Middleton looked like a carbon copy of his great-uncle, Earl Charles Spencer. Spencer, 58, is the younger sibling of the late Princess Diana, and therefore the uncle of the Duke of Cambridge, 39, and his brother, Prince Harry. Fans noticed similarities between the young royal and the earl, pointing out their duplicate mannerisms and style. Across social media, royal watchers noted the similarities between little George and Spencer, with one saying: “Have always thought he looks so much like Uncle Charles!” “I think he looks like Charles!” another scribed. “Even the hairline!” “Spencer genes are strong. Recently I think he’s starting to look more like his dad. Also see Middleton in him. He’s a good mix of both sides of his family,” one said about George’s physicality. “Prince George looks so much like his Uncle the Earl Charles Spencer,” another added. One user offered a snap of George looking confused, writing, “Handsome little boy. Seems like a nice kid. Quite poised despite super-blazing spotlight. I could be wrong but he reminds me here of his great-uncle, Diana’s brother, Charles Spencer.” Another joked, “Prince George is like a mini Charles Spencer !” George made heads turn on June 4 during the Party at the Palace concert held in honor of Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. He was spotted happily singing along to Rod Stewart’s version of the Neil Diamond earworm “Sweet Caroline” during the star-studded concert. He also donned a chic suit and tie for the event and sat beside his parents. A medley of musicians came out to thank the queen, 96, for her remarkable 70 years of service to the UK and the Commonwealth during the concert. Musicians on hand to honor the monarch included Adam Lambert and the band Queen, Diana Ross, “Empire State of Mind” singer Alicia Keys, Stefflon Don, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Andrew Lloyd Webber and Elton John. Other members of the royal family were also in attendance at the concert including scene-stealing royal offspring Prince Louis; Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles; and Prince Andrew’s daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, along with their husbands; Princess Anne and Prince Edward and his family. 