New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NPBONUS15. Check out how to grab a massive free bet, and what you can wager it on this Summer. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of a massive free bet up to a value of $1,500. Remarkable as it may seem, Caesars offer is one of the best there is available to new customers. As you pack your bags for vacation, swap the shirts for shorts, there’s still plenty of top sporting action over the summer. The basketball season concludes with the NBA finals, as the Golden State Warriors take on Boston Celtics. The Celtics have upset the odds all the way through the playoffs, taking down Brooklyn Nets 4-0 in round one, before a dominant display against the reigning Champions Milwaukee Bucks. Golden State is all too familiar with the situation they’re in. Six of the last eight NBA finals have involved the Warriors, keeping together a tight-knit group whilst adding a few extra superstars. This series is set to be one to remember, and there are plenty of options to wager your risk-free bet on. Whilst the weather heats up, there’s still a lot to play for on the ice. The Stanley Cup playoffs are reaching their climax, having lost season-long favorites Carolina Hurricanes. The Empire State’s own New York Rangers are still dancing, taking on Tampa Bay Lightning for a place in the Stanley Cup Finals. UFC 275 fills our screens in June, as Glover Teixiera takes on Jiri Prochazka in the main event. Valentina Shevchenko and Taila Santos face off to decide the Women’s Flyweight title, after Robert Whittaker’s fight against Marvin Vettori was rescheduled for UFC Paris. Whatever your summer plans, be sure to strap yourselves in as the sporting action comes thick and fast. 21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.