The white teenager charged in the race-fueled Buffalo shooting massacre left a chilling note for his parents admitting he was carrying out the attack because he cared “for the future of the white race,” federal prosecutors revealed Wednesday. FBI agents found 18-year-old Payton Gendron’s note during a raid on his Conklin, New York, home the day after he allegedly shot dead 10 black people and injured three others at the Tops Friendly Market on May 14. Details of the note were included in a criminal complaint filed Wednesday as the feds hit Gendron with 26 counts of hate crimes and firearms offenses — some of which carry a potential death penalty. The teen is already facing life in prison without parole if convicted on previously filed state charges in relation to the massacre. In addition to the note found in Gendron’s bedroom, FBI agents recovered a receipt for a candy bar purchased from the Buffalo supermarket on March 8 — two months before the massacre. Hand-drawn sketches of the store’s layout were also found in his room, according to the complaint. The complaint detailed Gendron’s racist views and preparation for the attack, which was previously laid bare in a 180-page manifesto that he’d allegedly posted online prior to the attack. “Gendron’s motive for the mass shooting was to prevent Black people from replacing white people and eliminating the white race, and to inspire others to commit similar attacks,” the complaint said. On the day of the massacre, the avowed white supremacist — who was heavily armed and wearing tactical gear — entered the store and allegedly started firing at black shoppers and employees, authorities said. He surrendered to cops after leaving the store, according to the complaint. Prosecutors said Gendron’s AR-15-style rifle had writings scrawled on it, including the names of other people who’ve committed mass shootings, racial slurs and the statement  “Here’s your reparations!” Gendron has already pleaded not guilty to a state domestic terrorism charge.