It seems Odell Beckham channeled his inner Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson for Sean McVay’s wedding weekend. During an appearance Monday on the “I AM ATHLETE” podcast, the Rams head coach revealed that free-agent wide receiver — who won a Super Bowl with Los Angeles in February — had crashed his big day with wife Veronika Khomyn on Saturday. “So probably the most stressful thing about this wedding was figuring out, all right, how do you get the guest list right where you don’t have any sort of interruptions or, you know, anybody having their feelings hurt unnecessarily cause you got good relationships with guys,” McVay explained of the wedding planning process. Though McVay has a “great relationship” with Beckham, the 36-year-old coach opted to only invite the captains from last year’s team, as well as other retired players with whom he’s friendly. But as McVay soon learned, Beckham was attending — invite or not. “Only in Odell’s fashion could he be the wedding crasher at our wedding,” McVay said of the 29-year-old receiver, who is working his way back from the torn ACL he suffered in the Rams’ Super Bowl win. “So he showed up, crashed the wedding and I loved that he was there. Even my mom, she said, ‘Oh, he’s so nice and he is handsome in person too,'” he continued. Though McVay was certainly in party mode at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Saturday night, Beckham’s possible future with the Rams wasn’t far from the coach’s mind. “I said, ‘You crash the wedding, you re-sign with the Rams then, man,'” McVay said, noting that Beckham was “looking great” on the dance floor. The Rams previously expressed that they’d like to welcome Beckham back into the fold, but as general manager Les Snead said in March, “It’s a little more complex with the injury situation.” Beckham originally joined the Rams on a one-year deal in November following his release from the Browns. Throughout the free agency period, the Rams signed former Bears receiver Allen Robinson and traded wideout Robert Woods to the Titans. Elsewhere, they re-worked Aaron Donald’s contract on Monday, giving the superstar pass rusher a whopping $40 million raise through 2024.