Will Zalatoris addressed “Instagram morons” following his second-place finish at the U.S. Open on Sunday. “I’m sure all the Instagram morons are going to say it has something to do with my left wrist flexion coming down, but I promise you, it’s got nothing to do with it,” Zalatoris told reporters of his missed putt on 18 — seemingly referring to the positioning of his left wrist on his backswing. “I think just keep doing what we’re doing. This one stings for sure, but I know that we’re going to get this,” Zalatoris said. Zalatoris finished tied for second at the U.S. Open, which took place at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass over the weekend. The 25-year-old pro was one stroke behind champion Matt Fitzpatrick. He missed a 14-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole that would have forced a playoff. “This one, in particular, hurts pretty hard,” said Zalatoris — who now has six top-10 finishes in nine major starts. “I’m three shots away from practically being a — having a chance of being a three-time major champion. A bounce here or there.” Despite “battling like crazy,” Zalatoris called his driving in the U.S. Open “atrocious,” adding that his hip was bothering him. “I’m not happy with finishing second,” he said. “I’m obviously trying to make it. The comfort level is there, especially now that I know I can do this. I just have to keep waiting my turn.” Critics on social media piled on Zalatoris, who’s been all too familiar with close second-place finishes in recent tournaments. He lost to Justin Thomas in a playoff at the PGA Championship in May, which followed another playoff loss in January at the Farmers Insurance Open. Zalatoris said this runner-up “hasn’t sunk in” yet. “I don’t know what to take from this one yet,” he said. “I was pretty pleased just because I’m known for my ball-striking.” Zalatoris finished second to Hideki Matsuyama by a stroke at the 2021 Masters. “Masters was pretty special, just obviously being there, considering seven months prior I was playing on the Korn Ferry, and then having a chance to win the Masters,” he said. Zalartoris will play in The Open at St. Andrews next month.