The ex-con charged with the brutal slashing of his ex-girlfriend in a Lower Manhattan train station grabbed another woman’s buttocks just hours after the rush hour attack, cops and prosecutors said. Billy Hernandez, 50, sexually assaulted a receptionist at the RevCore Recovery Center on Broadway near Walker Street in Tribeca — less than a mile from the scene of the morning assault — minutes before noon Tuesday, police said. The 27-year-old victim brought Hernandez to a conference room for a Zoom meeting, cops said. As she troubleshooted some tech issues with the video, he allegedly grabbed her buttocks with one hand. He was charged with forcible touching and third-degree sexual abuse in connection to that case, according to prosecutors. The subway attack unfolded on the mezzanine level of the Nos. 4/5 train station on Fulton Street just before 9:30 a.m. the same day, cops said. Hernandez showed up at the station to meet his ex-girlfriend, who was returning clothing to him, prosecutors revealed at his Wednesday night arraignment. Video reviewed by investigators shows Hernandez waiting for the victim to arrive. “On this video, the victim walks up to the defendant, drops a bag at the defendant’s feet, turns and leaves,” the assistant district attorney said. “Once the victim turns to leave, the defendant then grabs her by the shoulder with one hand, and with the other hand, the defendant violently slashes the victim’s neck.” “When the victim tries to run away, the defendant follows her, making more slashing movements towards her,” the prosecutor continued. “This victim sustained a deep laceration that extends from the right side of her neck, all the way to underneath her right eye. A laceration to her left forehead, a laceration under the left side of her chin, and a laceration to her back.” Prosecutors requested that Hernandez — who was charged with second-degree attempted murder and first-degree assault — be held without bail, or on $1 million bail. But Legal Aid attorney Julie Sender argued that “there is no basis for remand in this case” and that “a million dollars is completely disproportionate to the offense that’s before the court.” “Even a lesser amount would be sufficient to keep my client incarcerated during the pendency of this case,” Sender said. Judge Marisol Martinez Alonso set bail at $500,000 cash or $1 million bond in connection to the slashing. Bail was set at $1 in connection to the forcible touching case. Hernandez was also arraigned Wednesday night in connection to a violent Sunday night robbery on the grounds of the Alfred E. Smith Houses on the Lower East Side, according to a criminal complaint. He punched a man on the right side of the face, causing the victim’s cell phone to fall out of his hand, according to the court document. He then grabbed the cell phone and fled, the complaint said. He was charged with robbery in the second and third degrees — and ordered held on $10,000 cash bail, $15,000 insurance company bond or $20,000 partially secured surety bond, according to the Manhattan DA’s office. Temporary orders of protection were issued against Hernandez in connection to all three cases, the DA’s office said. Hernandez — who has done two stints in state prison, is on lifetime parole and is out on bail in a pending gun case – is due back in court Monday.