In an effort to deal with the ongoing baby formula crisis, the US government is flying about 110,000 pounds of baby formula from Germany to Texas for distribution nationwide, the White House announced. The Nestlé infant formula will arrive in Fort Worth, Texas Thursday. The Nestlé NAN SupremePro Stage 1 infant formula will then be available across the country through Nestlé and Gerber’s distribution channels, the Biden administration said. The shipment is the fifth since the Biden Administration launched Operation Fly Formula to get infant formula to US stores as quickly as possible. Nestle is shipping Nestlé NAN SupremePro 1, Nestlé NAN SupremePro 2, Nestlé Health Science Alfamino/Alfamino, Jr., Gerber Good Start Gentle and Gerber Good Start Extensive HA to the US. Additional Nestlé formula shipments will be announced in the coming days, the White House said. “We are absolutely committed to doing everything we can to get parents and caregivers the formula they need so their children can thrive,” the company said in a release. “We prioritized these products because they serve a critical medical purpose as they are for children with cow’s milk protein allergies.” Under Operation Fly Formula, the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services are authorized to request Department of Defense support to pick up overseas infant formula that meets US health and safety standards, so it can get to store shelves faster, according to the USDA. The infant formula crisis began with the pandemic supply chain shortage, coupled with a closure of an Abbott formula plant in February that produces almost half of all the formula sold in the US. The plant was shut down due to contamination fears after two babies died. Abbott recalled some of its most popular powdered formulas in February followed by the company shutting down its Michigan plant. That facility reopened earlier this month, but even with the government airlifts and the factory production back online, it could take weeks for formula availability in the US to be back to normal. “By the end of June, we will be supplying more formula to Americans than we were in January before the recall,” said Abbott’s CEO Robert Ford. With Post wires