Tom Cruise’s newest summer blockbuster “Top Gun: Maverick” may be making bank at the box office, but Leah Remini won’t be cashing in. The “Kings of Queens” star, 51, is a former Scientologist and warned fans who are itching to see the action film that Cruise, 59, is still an active member of the Church. Remini posted a screenshot of her friend and fellow ex-Scientologist Claire Headley’s Facebook post that accused Cruise of “crimes against humanity.” “Thank you to my friend @claireheadley for your courage. You have continued to speak out despite the non-stop attacks from Scientology,” Remini tweeted on Saturday. “And as Claire says in her post below, Tom Cruise knows exactly what goes on in Scientology. Don’t let the movie star charm fool you,” she continued. The Post has reached out to Remini and Cruise for comment. Headley described the “Mission Impossible” star in her post as promoting “a dangerous cult that destroyed my family too, the same cult that almost cost me my marriage and my life.” “So no, I will not watch the movie, nor will I ever support or approve of this scam of a man,” Hadley went on. “Trust me, Tom Cruise knows exactly who he is supporting and the abuses that organization perpetrates. I worked with him while I was there.” Remini left the Church of Scientology in 2013 and told People at the time, “I believe that people should value family, and value friendships, and hold those things sacrosanct.” She was raised as a Scientologist from the age of 9 after her mother joined the organization. “That for me, that’s what I’m about. It wouldn’t matter what it was, simply because no one is going to tell me how I need to think, no one is going to tell me who I can, and cannot, talk to,” the Brooklyn native added. Remini previously rolled her eyes over Cruise’s movie, sharing a TikTok user’s video that discussed the “Rain Man” actor’s religion. An account, with the handle @skchgo, shared an interview teaser of Cruise’s “Top Gun: Maverick” co-star Miles Teller gushing over him. “Oh is this what we’re doing now? We just completely forgot about the fact that he’s in Scientology?” the TikTokker said. “We’re gonna forget about Leah Remini and the stories that Leah Remini shared about leaving Scientology and the impact that Tom Cruise has on Scientology? No, we’re not,” she continued in her video. The “Second Act” star released the A&E series, “Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath,” in 2016, where she featured interviews with other survivors of the church who shared their stories of abuse, harassment and sexual assault. A Church of Scientology representative told The Post in 2019 following the conclusion of her series that Remini “has blood on her hands.” “Her show’s lies, distortions and exhortations to hate and bigotry generated assassination threats against the leader of the Scientology religion [and] physical attacks on Churches,” they said.