One of MLB’s most bizarre stories of the season continues to add twist after twist. After Fox Sports radio host Doug Gottlieb tweeted an alleged bombshell about why Dodgers star Freddie Freeman abruptly fired Casey Close, the MLB agent completely shut down Gottlieb’s claim. “Casey Close never told Freddie Freeman about the Braves final offer, that is why Freeman fired him,” Gottlieb wrote. “He found out in Atlanta this weekend. It isn’t that rare to have happen in MLB, but it happened – Close knew Freddie would have taken the ATL deal.” Close countered with a statement on Wednesday. “There is no truth whatsoever to what Doug Gottlieb recklessly tweeted, and I would testify to that under oath,” Close said. “We are currently evaluating all legal options in this matter.” Excel Sports – Close’s agency – released a statement of their own. “Doug Gottlieb tweeted a wholly inaccurate characterization of our negotiations with the Atlanta Braves on behalf of Freddie Freeman,” the statement read. “We are immediately evaluating all legal options to address the reckless publication of inaccurate information.” Gottlieb expanded on his tweet during “The Doug Gottlieb Show” on Fox Sports radio. “[Freeman] found out over the weekend just how close Atlanta had come in their final offer, called up Casey Close and said, ‘You didn’t tell me about this offer? You’re fired,'” he said. In March, Freeman said that he only got one formal offer from the Braves, which was at the 2021 trade deadline, before signing a six-year, $162 million contract with the Dodgers. Gottlieb alleged that Close deliberately hid an additional Braves offer from Freeman, and intentionally led him to sign with the Dodgers despite the fact that he preferred to return to Atlanta. Freeman signed with Los Angeles after the Braves moved on and traded for Athletics first baseman Matt Olson, whom they then signed to an eight-year, $168 million contract extension. Freeman’s firing of Close curiously came on the heels of a weekend series in Atlanta — Freeman’s first trip back since leaving the team — after which Freeman had some interesting words to reporters. “Last weekend in Atlanta was a very emotional time for me and my family,” Freeman said on Tuesday. “I am working through some issues with my longtime agents at Excel. My representation remains a fluid situation and I will update if needed.” It remains unclear what is accurate at this point, but one can be sure the situation will be closely monitored.