A television advertisement for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India after attracting backlash from celebrities and the public for appearing to make a reference to gang rape. Bollywood celebrities including Priyanka Chopra, Richa Chadha and Farhan Khan were among those who criticised the ad for fragrance brand Layer‘r Shot, labelling it “shameful,” ”disgusting” and ”incredibly tasteless”. Its controversial advert shows four men appearing to stalk a frightened-looking woman in a store before cutting to one of the men saying: “We‘re four, there’s one, who takes the shot?” The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting described the videos as “detrimental to the portrayal of women in the interest of decency and morality” and said it violated the media ethics code. “This advertisement is clearly promoting sexual violence against women and girls and promoting a rapist mentality among men. The advertisement is cringe-worthy and should not be allowed to be played on mass media,” chairwoman of the Delhi Commission for Women Swati Maliwal wrote in a letter to the ministry. “Creatives, script, agency, client, casting … does everyone think rape is a joke?” actress Richa Chadha tweeted, labelling the ad “filth”. Bollywood filmmaker Farhan Khan, who is also a United Nations Women‘s Goodwill Ambassador, also weighed in on the controversy. “What incredibly tasteless and twisted minds it must take to think up, approve and create these stinking body spray ‘gang rape’ innuendo ads. Shameful,” Khan tweeted. Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra added: “Shameful and disgusting. How many levels of clearances did it take for this commercial to be green lit. How many people thought this was ok? “I’m so glad that it was called out and now the ministry has taken it down. Appalling!” Layer‘r Shot apologised for the offensive advertisements, claiming it “never intended to hurt anyone’s sentiments or feelings or outrage any woman’s modesty or promote any sort of culture, as wrongly perceived by some”. India has been plagued by sexual violence in recent years, with up to 90 rapes reported a day. India recently brought in new laws increasing the punishment for rape to up to years in prison. The death penalty has been introduced for child rapists. The gang rape and murder of a student on a bus in New Delhi in 2012 led to widespread protests against the treatment of women. Just last week, a 17-year-old girl in Hyderabad was allegedly raped by five men. This story originally appeared on news.com.au and was reproduced here with permission.