The NHL Western Conference Finals moves to Alberta for Game 3, as the Edmonton Oilers look to stay in the fight against the Colorado Avalanche. Down 2-0 in the best-of-seven series, it’s as close to a must-win game as it gets for the Oilers without technically being an elimination game. As of now, an even 200 teams have fallen behind 3-0 in a seven-game series in the history of the NHL playoffs. Nine of the 200 forced a Game 7, and only four teams have come all the way back to win the series. If Edmonton wants to stay in this series and continue on their quest for a Stanley Cup Championship, they better win tonight to keep this thing from snowballing out of control. Let’s pick a couple bets to make, with odds from BetMGM. After an adrenaline-filled Game 1 of this series that saw a whopping 14 combined goals and goaltending changes by both sides, Game 2 looked dramatically different. The Avs looked like the Avs again, completely dominating their opponent. Pavel Francouz, who is manning the pipes for an either injured or scratched Darcy Kuemper, stopped all 24 shots against en route to a 4-0 victory. Cale Makar continues to stand out as an elite defenseman, and is part of the answer that Colorado displayed against the potent offensive attack of Edmonton. Somewhat surprisingly, Edmonton went back to splitting up Connor McDavid and Leon Draisaitl in Game 2, and appear set to do it again tonight. The lack of depth for Edmonton compared to the incredible depth of Colorado was a major question heading into this series. If Francouz can have another good game in net, I like the total to stay under seven. There’s an “avalanche” pun here somewhere, but I’ll let it slide. These odds are way, way too good not to play for a team that has now won by two and four goals respectively through the first two games of this series. Edmonton is searching for answers while shaking up their lines, but I don’t see it happening. Mikko Rantanen, Cale Makar, Nazem Kardi, Nathan MacKinnon, Artturi Lehkohnen, and Gabriel Landeskog all have over three points through two games. They can attack their opponents with so much speed and in waves, and even when the Oilers attempted to play a slower, more physical style in Game 2, the Avs still won 4-0. Getting +170 odds for the better team to win by two goals doesn’t get much better. Even if the Oilers have this as a close game late, an empty-netter near the end of regulation could cash this bet.