The aunt of the teenage subway surfer left clinging to life after hitting his head in Queens said Friday that her nephew is “a good kid” who was simply doing “what kids do.” The 15-year-old boy was riding on top of a northbound No. 7 train car inside the 111th Street station in North Corona around 6:30 p.m. Thursday when police believe he struck his head on an unknown object. The impact left the teen’s head bleeding profusely, and he was rushed to Elmhurst Hospital in critical condition. The high school freshman had just emerged from one of two surgeries Friday, said the boy’s aunt, who declined to give her name, to The Post at Elmhurst Hospital. “I’m just stressed, I just need all the prayers. He’s in critical condition,” she said of her nephew, who is from Queens. “This is just what kids do. He’s a good kid, he gets good grades.” A 15-year-old friend who only gave his first name, Ahmed, said he learned what had happened through a mutual pal. “My friend called me, he was with him,” Ahmed said. “He was on top of the train. He said he hit his head and his head is open. I said, ‘What do you mean?’ He was crying and saying, ‘I don’t know what to do’ and he was telling me to come to the hospital. “Someone else called the parents,” added Ahmed, who said he has been friends with the teen for two years. “It’s just crazy.” The boy’s tragic accident is at least the second subway surfing stunt in less than two weeks. Earlier this month, a video posted on Twitter showed a group of about eight people running on top of the cars of a Brooklyn-bound J train as it crossed the Williamsburg Bridge. MTA officials chastised any potential daredevils looking to catch their thrills atop a moving subway train. “Riding on top of a subway car is reckless, extremely dangerous and inconsiderate, as it causes significant delays for other New Yorkers,” Pat Warren, MTA chief safety and security officer, said in a statement. “Seeking a thrill that promises heartache for family and friends is foolhardy; choose other avenues to have some fun, ones that demonstrate respect for those you care about.”