HOUSTON — Max Scherzer reached 65 pitches in a minor league rehab start Tuesday night in what could be his only appearance before returning to the Mets. Pitching at Double-A Binghamton against Reading, the right-hander allowed two earned runs on three hits (including a homer) and one walk with six strikeouts over 3 ¹/₃ innings. The game action was Scherzer’s first since he was placed on the injured list on May 19 with a strained left oblique. The Mets could presumably extend Scherzer to 75-80 pitches for his next start. If the Mets were comfortable pitching him on normal rest, he could be inserted into the rotation Sunday in Miami. Scherzer’s hope before departing for Binghamton was one rehab start would be enough. “I think it’s more about Wednesday and Thursday, how he is doing afterwards, because Max has been very honest and frank with us,” manager Buck Showalter said before the Mets faced the Astros at Minute Maid Park. Scherzer’s return will push Trevor Williams or David Peterson to the bullpen. Williams is the more likely candidate for relief duty. Jacob deGrom, working out in Port St. Lucie, Fla., faced live batters for the first time in his rehab for a stress reaction on his right scapula. The club said deGrom’s session “went well.” The right-hander, who hasn’t appeared in a major league game since July 7 of last season, could be a possibility to rejoin the rotation at some point next month. James McCann, who caught Scherzer at Binghamton, could return to the Mets as soon as Friday, according to Showalter. The veteran catcher underwent surgery on his left wrist last month. J.D. Davis was in the lineup as the DH a night after he was drilled in the left hand, necessitating an X-ray on his pinkie finger. Davis began his major league career with the Astros, and was returning to Minute Maid Park for the first time since his trade to the Mets, before the 2019 season. Travis Jankowski, who was placed on the IL on May 26 with a fractured fourth metacarpal on his left hand, has been cleared to resume baseball activities, according to Showalter.