A 15-year-old subway surfer was clinging to life early Friday after he struck his head while riding on the roof of a 7 train in Queens, sources said. Cops found the teenager unconscious and suffering a severe head injury on top of a train car inside the 111th Street station in North Corona at around 6:30 p.m. Thursday night, according to law enforcement sources. Police believe the boy was riding atop the south-bound 7 Train on elevated tracks when he struck his head on an unknown object. Dramatic images from the scene shows officers and paramedics lifting the teen off the train car roof and laying him down onto the subway platform. The teen’s head was bleeding profusely in the footage. He was rushed to Elmhurst Hospital, where the teen was in critical condition. Following the incident, 7 trains were delayed in both directions. The boy’s tragic accident is at least the second subway surfing stunt in less than two weeks. Earlier this month, a video posted on Twitter showed a group of about eight people running on top of the cars of a Brooklyn-bound J train as it crossed the Williamsburg Bridge. Some of the subway surfers were seen carelessly sprinting and skipping across the length of the train. The suspects in that incident have not been identified. Last October, a 32-year-old man fell to his death while surfing atop a J train at Essex Street. In 2019, a 14-year-old was killed while hitching a ride on the roof of a Manhattan-bound 7 train near Queensboro Plaza. That same year, reports of subway surfing increased by 15%  from a year earlier and transit officials believed the number was greatly undercounted, according to an investigation by The City. MTA officials chastised any potential daredevils looking to catch their thrills atop a moving subway train. “Riding on top of a subway car is reckless, extremely dangerous and inconsiderate as it causes significant delays for other New Yorkers,” Pat Warren, MTA Chief Safety and Security Officer, said in a statement. “Seeking a thrill that promises heartache for family and friends is foolhardy; choose other avenues to have some fun, ones that demonstrate respect for those you care about.”