 We say: The horror of 53 migrants who died in a truck this week wasn’t just some random “smuggling case” that took place in a vacuum. Since President Biden took office, more than 3 million migrants have rushed here, looking to get in any way they can. They inferred (correctly) from Biden’s policies that if they made it, they had a good chance of getting to stay. This week’s tragedy is the result. Yet MSNBC wants you to think Biden’s “invitación” had nothing to do with it and Gov. Greg Abbott’s criticism of it is just “red meat” for his “base.” “I went to law school with [Justice Clarence Thomas] . . . He’s been a person of grievance for as long as I’ve known him. Resentment, grievance, anger.” — Hillary Clinton, June 28 “[Thomas] is a man who cares deeply about the court as an institution . . .  about people . . . [He and I] share an understanding about people and kindness towards them.” — Justice Sonia Sotomayor, June 17 We say: Looks like Justice Thomas isn’t the one who’s full of “resentment, grievance, anger.” We say: Yes, Gov. Kathy Hochul will do “everything” in her power to end gun violence — except, of course, fix New York’s disastrous criminal-justice laws that let gun thugs go free. Fire soft-on-crime district attorneys like Manhattan’s Alvin Bragg. Push for fewer handcuffs on cops and a return to “broken windows” policing. Take on progressives who protect criminals and bash law enforcement. Or, heck, really anything else that could truly curb the violence. We say: Sorry, Rep. Omar, but not a single one of those claims holds up. Presidents don’t “confirm” justices, they nominate them, and they get to do that as long as they win the electoral vote, not the popular vote. No justice promised to uphold Roe v. Wade. Two were accused of sexual assault but not “credibly.” No seat was “stolen”; every justice was confirmed by the Senate in accordance with the law. Finally, your view of a justice’s spouse is hardly grounds for a “comprehensive” overhaul of the court. (Oh, and do you of all people really want to bash spouses, given your own history?) — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board