It’s the most private room in the house, the place to escape from the kids for a moment of bliss and a porcelain oasis to scroll on your phone with no interruptions. Yes, we’re talking about the bathroom — specifically the toilet — and, now, upgrading your seat from a basic place to do your business to a porcelain throne is easier than ever with Tushy. Even better, the bidet attachment is on sale today only, June 9, bundling the bidet savings and offering all Tushy Classic bidet systems for $69 each when you buy two or more, with code SIXNINEDAY at checkout. The date nor the price was a mistake, as it obviously represents coming together and enjoying some cheeky and clean fun. Normally each of the new bidets go for $99, saving you $60 for two and a whole lot of toilet paper in the future. The Tushy Classic 3.0 is designed to fit most toilets with practically no effort at all, as the kit comes with everything you’ll need to install the device, aside from a possible need for a screwdriver depending on your toilet type. Otherwise, installation takes about 8½ minutes — and then the rest of your time can be spent brainstorming your next bathroom great idea. To match any bathroom aesthetics, the Tushy system comes in a variety of colors, including the classic white base with brown wooden knob, black, gold, silver and rose gold knobs on white bases. And for the really fashion-forward flushers there are limited-edition options with a baby blue, light pink or all-black base with wood or gold knobs. Since the sale gives you not just one but two bidet systems, consider this the push you need to get one for every bathroom in the house, as you’ll never want to go back to traditional TP again. Speaking of which, Tushy also recently released the Tushy Stand and Tissues, perfect for patting dry after doing your business and hosing off, so to speak. Since the tissue is made of bamboo, you’re not only doing your backside a super-soft favor, but the planet as well, as bamboo is more sustainable and you’ll only need one four-ply sheet instead of a handful of traditional toilet paper. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content