Get back! Paul McCartney is celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee with a sweet #TBT snapshot. The Beatles legend, 79, posted a classic photo Thursday of himself and the 96-year-old monarch posing together at the royal opening of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts in 1996.⁣ The beloved rock icon captioned the image: “70 beautiful years of Queen Elizabeth the second. Congrats ma’am! And thanks.” In the smiling pic, the queen is seen looking on as she sports a bright baby-blue hat and dress while carrying a bouquet of white flowers. McCartney donned a dark suit and a blue and yellow-patterned tie for the occasion. The pair had met decades prior to the ’90s event, having crossed paths in 1965. During the Swinging ’60s, McCartney and his bandmates — Ringo Starr, John Lennon and George Harrison — were awarded with MBEs by the sovereign at Buckingham Palace. They were made Members of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire and McCartney later received a knighthood in 1997. The British Queen celebrated 70 years on the throne on June 2 with parties encompassing her Platinum Jubilee. Festivities across the United Kingdom have commenced, with the Royal Family undertaking many public appearances. The Queen appeared alongside her daughter Princess Anne, son Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall on Thursday morning on the balcony of Buckingham Palace as part of Trooping the Colour parade. The Prince of Wales’ son Prince William, 39, and HIS 40-year-OLD wife Catherine, aka “Kate” the Duchess of Cambridge, as well as their young children Princess Charlotte, 7, Prince George, 8, and Prince Louis, 4, also waved to the crowd on the palace’s mezzanine. Prince Louis was quite the breakout star during the Queen’s Jubilee flyover after he was seen adorably covering his ears while standing next to her. Planes soared over Buckingham Palace to honor the royal’s seven decades of power. Before the tiny tot plugged his eardrums, Princess Charlotte was snapped trying to restrain her brother as he waved over-enthusiastically from the window of the Horse Guards during the Trooping the Colour parade. ⁣