Amber Heard is not letting up on attempting to prove her innocence against ex-husband Johnny Depp. Ahead of the explosive interview with Savannah Guthrie airing Friday on “Dateline,” a 20-minute-preview clip on Peacock reveals that Heard gave the NBC show numerous documents from a doctor that “represented years, years of real-time explanations of what was going on,” she said. “There’s a binder worth of years of notes dating back to 2011 from the very beginning of my relationship that were taken by my doctor, who I was reporting the abuse to,” Heard added in the clip. The documents, which are shown on-screen, detail one 2012 instance in which Depp allegedly “hit her, threw her against a wall and threatened to kill her,” according to “Dateline.” Eight months after that, Depp allegedly “ripped her nightgown, threw her on the bed,” according to the program, and in 2013, he reportedly “threw her against a wall and threatened to kill her.” Heard’s legal team was unable to admit the documents into evidence in the highly publicized trial due to “hearsay.” Meanwhile, in response to Heard’s interview with NBC, a spokesperson for Depp indicated to “Dateline” that the actor simply wants to “move forward” after he won his case. “It’s unfortunate that while Johnny is looking to move forward with his life, the defendant and her team are back to repeating, reimagining and re-litigating matters that have already been decided by the Court and a verdict that was unanimously and unequivocally decided by the jury in Johnny’s favor,” they said in a statement. Depp, 59, sued Heard, 36, for defamation after the publication of a 2018 Washington Post op-ed in which she called herself a victim of domestic abuse. On June 1, a jury found that the editorial was about the “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor and awarded him $10 million in compensatory and $5 million in punitive damages. Heard received $2 million in compensatory damages for her own countersuit. Heard’s so-called evidence from her doctor is the latest headline from Heard and Guthrie’s conversation. In Wednesday’s teaser clip played on the “Today Show,” Heard told the broadcaster that she “absolutely” still loves her alleged abuser. “I loved him with all my heart,” the “Aquaman” actress said about Depp. “I tried the best I could to make a deeply broken relationship work and I couldn’t. I have no bad feelings or ill will toward him at all.” In Tuesday’s preview, she said that she “stands by every word” she uttered in her losing defamation trial testimony.