Whether you’re a baby boomer just now learning of the newer generation or a millennial in a constant battle with their younger peers, one thing is for sure — Gen Z is making waves in the world of fashion and there is no way to ignore them. This is most evident on TikTok, where Gen Z users (typically born around the late 1990s — if not the early 2000’s — through the early 2010s) are taking a stand when it comes to style. Most notably, the “Zoomers” as some like to call them, have canceled skinny jeans, to the dismay and flat-out disdain of Millennials and those who had to suffer through wide-leg gauchos and low-rise flares in their own youth. Other cancellations include having a side part in your hair, the laughing-crying emoji and rose gold, to name a few. However, some fashion blasts from the past are back in style again according to Gen Z. This list includes skinny baguette handbags and platform shoes from the early ’90s, biker shorts from the 80’s, crew necks from the 60’s, and even pearl necklaces from the ’20s. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Since Gen Z is now the largest generation alive as of 2020, maybe it’s wise to listen to the youngsters as opposed to the elders, as they have also been deemed to be more financially-stable, frugal, health-conscious and body-positive than any previous generation. So, whether you think “Coastal Grandmother” inspired bucket hats are old-fashioned or you are obsessed with slip dresses and skinny sunglasses, Generation Z and their loud and unapologetic fashion choices are here to stay. Take a look at some of Gen Z’s favorite looks from brands like Revolve, Meshki, Free People, Reformation, Urban Outfitters and more. A Coach bag has always been a classic, but now make it a baguette. The trending style was huge in the ’90s and is back again to take the fashion world by storm. This Coach Swinger bag comes in a few different colors, each with the signature “C” logo of course. For the croc-embossed babes, we found the baguette bag for you. Sold at Urban Outfitters (which already makes this cool), the orange bag combines a fun color, the trending style and the super interesting crocodile texture to make the ultimate Gen Z style staple. Plus, the bag is only $39, making this a style steal as well. If you feel like a newbie to Gen Z fashion, don’t worry. This bag will help you get there. From House of Newbie and sold on Shopbop’s site, this baguette bag comes in three colors. Our fave is the pink bag with a gold chain, but also check out the white and gold combo and the beige and tortoiseshell, too. This croissant-shaped hobo bag is so delicious, we want to take a bite out of it. Deemed the “IT-girl” bag on JW PEI’s website, everyone from Megan Fox to Hailey Bieber has taken this ruched, vegan leather baguette bag out for a swing. If ivory isn’t your shade, the grass green and bright pink bring a pop of color to any outfit. Or if you’re hungry for something different, try it out in our personal favorite, Nutella. They may be youngsters, but Gen Z has grabbed the “Coastal Grandmother” aesthetic like it has belonged to them for years. Inspired by a more nautical, whimsical and carefree lifestyle, the “Coastal Grandmother” trend swaps tight pants for loose linen and body-hugging tops for timeless button-ups. These linen drape pants are breathable, light and slightly sheer. As effortless as it comes, yet delightfully flattering. The beach is calling. Lean into summer “Coastal Grandmother” vibes, with this trendy straw hat. This chic option would look great with your go-to sun dress and a pair of comfy sandals. Round off your go-to “Coastal Grandmother” outfit with this classic, linen button up. Let’s face it, the white button-up is an indispensable piece. It’s survived this long, and Gen Z is not sparing it. The simple details make it a must-have. Button front closure, point collar, long sleeves with buttoned cuffs. Style it with your favorite pair of straight leg jeans or high-waisted shorts to complete the look. Scarf tops are back in style and just in time for the spring and summer. If you need new ones in your closet ASAP, a two-pack is the way to go. Shein also made sure to package them with different colors, like the blue and red styles above, for different looks to pair with jeans, leggings, skirts or even over your bathing suit. This crochet halter top is so cozy you will never want to take it off. Sultry meets soft with this piece from Free People. This halter top is a staple Gen Z purchase. With textured knit fabric and a slight crop, you can easily add some edge to your outfit while staying comfortable. The top ties in the back for a perfect fit, and it comes in a variety of colors to style however you like. This top from Superdown will transform you into a supermodel within seconds. Sold at Revolve, this bold, red halter top has a sheen finish and pleated front. Whether you decide to tuck it in or let it ride loose, this piece can notch up any outfit. Perfect for date night or cocktail hour. With the loose fit, you can enjoy as many fries as you want. Everyone in the reviews section seems to be raving about it. Well, here’s a twist on the traditional scarf top. This wrapped halter is super sexy and a flirty way to style a scarf shirt that we’re now in love with. This top from Meshki comes in this ivory color, as well as a bright tangerine orange for summer, a pale green for spring and a chain-print pattern. While there is a tie around the neck for adjustability, they do offer sizes from XS to XL so the bodice fits just right. Nope, not a manufacturing error. Gen Z isn’t afraid to take some risks with their fashion. We think criss-crossed denim is one of the best one they’ve ever taken. These asymmetrical, straight leg jeans are sure to make heads turn. Sizes range from 23 through 34. Note: according to reviews, AGOLDE tends to run on the bigger side. You will never want to part from these split hem jeans. For a pair that is perfect for Summer, Abercrombie has just what you need. The Curve Love Ultra High Rise jeans are super flattering, and come in 13 different shades. No matter which you pick, just know you’ll be in Gen Z’s good graces for ditching the skinnies for the flares and the slits. We know about hair, but now we think the wider the leg the closer to God. Warp + Weft subscribes to that mantra as well, stocking their site with wide-leg pants for days, including this fabulous pair of corduroys that remind us of the south of France. The rich tobacco brown color is a must-have for this summer, or take your pick at one of their other natural shades. Lee jeans are as classic as they come, but this pair has had a Gen Z makeover. Two-toned pants are all the rave among the Gen Z’ers. These ‘70s inspired bottoms have a hip-hugging high rise that adds a vintage vibe while flattering the waist. All the artistry comes together with the authentic patchwork design. All you need to add is a simple pair of white sneakers and the look is complete. Don’t let this trend slip by without grabbing one to wear this spring. Slip dresses are trendy and insanely comfortable. This satin one from Express is a silky soft little black dress, with tiny spaghetti straps and a tasteful slit up the leg. Style it up with a pair of heels, or dress it down with a sweater over top and some chunky jewelry. If Reformation sells it, you know it’s cool. The brand’s “Cher Dress” is no exception, and the rest of the model’s outfit is Gen Z-approved with a mini handbag and square heels. The slip dress comes in the above peach gradient, as well as a light blue version that fades into a dreamy darker blue at the bottom. Fall in love with this slip dress from Lulu’s. It’s in the name after all. The dress comes in a gorgeous champagne color that will leave you feeling bubbly as ever, and the fabric is as smooth as the drink it’s named after. The slip has a super subtle floral pattern as well, for a glimmer of added detail when you swish on by. They say diamonds are a girl’s best friend. Gen Z says, “Pass the pearls please!” Perhaps inspired by the 1920’s, Gen Z can’t get enough of pearl necklaces (of course, with their own twist). Some are woven with beads and others are layered with gold chains. This beaded chain choker manages to be classy and edgy at the same time. Plus, for half off the original price, you can’t go wrong. If you’re new to layering, take a lesson from Electric Picks. The jewelry company makes it easy to layer, selling complete packages in a variety of styles and prices. Starting at $164, the sets come with two to three gold necklaces that already look great together and can be mixed with your current collection as well. Another perk of the pre-made sets is that they are 5% off together, as opposed to buying the chains a la carte. This iconic, faux pearl necklace draws in the eye with pops of red. Part of the Shushu/Tong x YVMIN collaboration, this piece is a major show stopper.  Whether you wear it on a night out or want to upgrade an everyday outfit, you’re sure to get compliments from the crowd. The silver-tone hardware is adjustable, so you can easily achieve your desired length. Be on the cutting edge of Gen Z fashion with Edge of Ember jewelry. This longer pendant is a perfect layering piece to add to your mid-length chains and chokers. Featuring the evil eye to ward off any negative vibes, the golden chain measures 21 inches and is made of 18K gold plated sterling silver with blue and white topaz for the eye and stars. For more jewelry inspiration, check out our Amazon collection roundup. Having a bad hair day? Thankfully, baseball caps are back in! Inspired by street style, this limited edition Alo cap features the brand’s signature logo and an adjustable velcro strap back to make it the perfect fit for anyone. It’s the ideal piece for any time of day, whether you’re heading out for a “hot girl walk” or need to keep a low profile after a long night out. Snatch it up in your favorite color while it lasts. What older folks may have known simply as a bandanna, has become quite the multifaceted fashion piece for Gen Z. Newly-dubbed “headscarves” are now worn around the mane for accessorizing. This versatile bandana from Free People features paisley print details and fun florals in shades of pink and blue. Besides, you can’t go wrong with super soft fabric. Tie your hair back or just rock this hair tie on your wrist as an accessory instead. If you thought scrunchies were left in the ’90s and 2000’s you are sadly mistaken, as Gen Z not only brought them back but supersized them as big as they could get. This larger-than-life one is from Free People, and be sure to stock up now as they are having a three for $12 sale now on scrunchies big, bigger and small. 2022 is the year of the claw clip. No doubt about it. Clipped right from the magazines of the ’90s and ’00s, giant claw clips are stylish and super functional, securing even thick hair back off your face or up in a cute messy pony or bun. The six-pack from Amazon is great, especially if you’ve gotten rid of your middle school clips already and need one of every color to kickstart your new collection. Who doesn’t want to look sporty and rich? Gen Z, also known as the Zoomers, are deeply invested in comfort clothing for a good reason. This cotton fleece sweatshirt has a rib knit crewneck, dropped shoulders, and a logo at the front and back. With this pick from Good American, you can finally give your boyfriend back all his oversized hoodies. It’s almost like Khloé Kardashian knows a thing or two about getting rid of what doesn’t serve us. You won’t need to steal any other sweatshirts, once you snatch up this one. Snuggle up in this cozy oversized hoodie, which comes in shades of chocolate and ivory.  The half zip mock neck is the perfect transitional silhouette, great for layering all year around. At half the length and half the price of regular leggings, we aren’t complaining that Gen Z is bringing back biker shorts. While many Gen Z’ers will just throw a sweatshirt over these shorts for a casual day on the couch, this collection is also perfect for low-impact workouts, such as yoga or cycling. Plus, this style boasts a hidden waistband pocket that fits a card or key, and won’t get in your way. You can’t see the haters with glasses this cool. Teeny tiny glasses are now in style according to Gen Z, and this cat-eye pair is super hot for the summer. They are sold on Amazon and also come in black for the same price, as well as in packs of multiple pairs — should you need new shades for each of your new Gen Z-inspired outfits. For those on the hunt for designer deals, these shades are for you. From Saks OFF Fifth, the Prada sunnies are super on-trend with the skinny sunglasses look, and also insanely budget-friendly when you consider that they retailed for $445 and are now only $180. For $5, do you really care if this trend passes or not? Shein is here for all the trends, including pastel lenses and rimless sunnies. This pink pair is our favorite, but they also come in eight other colors from pastel blue and orange to purple and green. These minimalist, white sneakers from Madewell are easy to pair with fun socks like the model, or a crazy pair of denim from above. Plus, they are designed with super cushy, ultra-supportive, MWL Cloudlift insoles. If you’re not sold yet, Madewell also prides itself with keeping their sneakers as eco-friendly as possible, these shoes are reclaimed from what would otherwise be waste. Game. Set. Match. Tennis style is trendy, but these shoes are almost too pretty for the court. Reebok has been in the fashion game for some time now, so it’s no surprise they also have a white platform pair to offer Gen Z. This pair has select sizes still available should you want to get in on this platform style. The shoes will last even after the trend is over, as they are made of durable leather with a rubber sole. Step up your fashion game to the max, with this super elevated kicks from Fila. Sold on DSW’s site, the sneakers are all white, except for a pop of color for the iconic Filas logo on the tongue and side. They are made of faux leather, so no animals were harmed in the making of your fashion statement. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.