Only 11 games fill out today’s Major League Baseball betting board, but expert bettors have identified three games with value. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified three moneyline underdogs that, according to expert bettors, are worth a bet. With that in mind, let’s examine the report’s recommendations. The Phillies claimed the first two games of a three-game set with Milwaukee and bettors like it to complete the sweep this afternoon. We’ve seen sharp action come in on the Phillies moneyline, which opened at +140 but now sits anywhere between +145 and +150 depending on the book. Further, there’s slight big money hitting the Phillies moneyline as well. As of this writing, Philadelphia has seen only 27 percent of all moneyline bets, but 39 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network has already bet the Phillies, giving it three signals in its favor. Philadelphia Phillies Moneyline (+145) — Caesars Sportsbook These sides split the first two games of a three-game set, but experts like the Rockies as heavy underdogs in the final contest. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Colorado moneyline, which opened at +235 but now sits between +220 and +234 depending on the sportsbook. Additionally, there’s sizable amounts of big money hitting the Rockies moneyline. At this writing, Colorado has seen only 21 percent of all moneyline bets against 94 percent of the total handle. `That qualifies as the largest percentage discrepancy across today’s entire board. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Rockies moneyline to give it three of a possible five signals in its direction. Colorado Rockies Moneyline (+220) — BetMGM On the heels of two straight losses, the Pirates travel to Atlanta for a four-game series. For the opener, bettors are gravitating toward the visitors. Early big money has gone in Pittsburgh’s direction, with their moneyline price dropping from a +230 opener to a current top price of +225. As of this writing, the Pirates have seen only 14 percent of all moneyline wagers against 56 percent of the total handle. Further, there’s a model projection edge with this matchup. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the Pirates should only be a +183 underdog to the Braves. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are supporting the Pirates to give it three of a possible five signals for tonight’s game. Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+225) — Fanduel