Billionaire Elon Musk raised questions about deceased convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein’s list of clients in a series of tweets over the weekend – suggesting it was “odd” that the information still hasn’t surfaced. Musk commented on the situation alongside a meme labeled “things I’ll never see in my life” with photos of a dragon, dinosaurs, a unicorn and the words “the Epstein/Maxwell client list.” “Only thing more remarkable than DOJ not leaking the list is that no one in the media cares,” Musk tweeted on Saturday. “Doesn’t that seem odd?” “Sometimes I think my list of enemies is too short, so …” Musk added. Epstein died in prison in an apparent suicide in 2019 while awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges. It’s unclear what prompted Musk to weigh in on the Epstein case. Ghislaine Maxwell, a British socialite and Epstein’s longtime companion, was convicted in late 2021 for sex trafficking of minors and other federal charges after luring and grooming underage girls on the late financier’s behalf. A federal judge upheld her conviction in April. Maxwell could receive up to 55 years in prison when she is sentenced on June 28. One Twitter user responded to Musk’s tweet with a photo of the Tesla CEO posing next to Maxwell. The image prompted a sharp response from Musk. “Ah yes, Maxwell photobombing me at a @VanityFair Oscars party – you should (ask) them why they invited her,” Musk said. “The same people who push this photo say nothing about prominent people who actually went to his island a dozen times. Also very strange …” The Justice Department did not immediately return a request for comment on Musk’s tweets. Notable public figures linked to Epstein include Prince Andrew, who reached a settlement earlier this year with longtime Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew has not admitted to any wrongdoing, though he has expressed regret for associating with Epstein. Another prominent figure tied to Epstein is Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, who described his decision to attend fundraising meetings with the financier as a “huge mistake.” Gates is not accused of any wrongdoing. The meetings purportedly played a role in the tech billionaire’s divorce from wife Melinda French Gates.