The legal battle between Britney Spears and her father, Jamie, is far from over. The 69-year-old former conservator filed court documents that ask that his “Slave 4 U” daughter be deposed under oath because of supposed attacks on his name on Instagram and in her upcoming book. Jamie’s attorney, Alex Weingarten, wrote in a June 16 filing that Britney “continues to make public social media posts containing incendiary allegations of various factual matters” and should be required to sit down for a deposition herself, according to documents obtained by The Post. Jamie wants the newly-freed Britney to also speak under oath about her allegations that she was deprived of pain medication, was required to undergo therapy and was forced to give eight vials of blood for medical treatment. The Post has reached out to Weingarten, as well as Britney’s attorney, Matthew Rosengart, and her manager for comment. However, Rosengart told Page Six Friday that Jamie had “impugned” his character “long ago.” “Mr. Spears, who was ignominiously suspended by the Court in September, continues to disgrace himself, especially through this most-recent foolish and ill-advised filing, which is riddled with errors and falsehoods, as he himself knows,” Rosengart stated. “In addition to trying to bully his own daughter, he is now pathetically reduced to trying to intimidate her, while abusing the legal process and running and hiding from his own deposition. Anyone else would be ashamed by these tactics, but he and his representatives are truly shameless. In terms of ‘impugning his character,’ Mr. Spears did that to himself long ago.” The filing of the legal docs comes on the heels of the news that Britney, 40, deactivated her Instagram account on Thursday — exactly one week after the pop superstar married longtime boyfriend Sam Asghari in a small, yet lavish event at her Thousand Oaks home on June 9. Notably missing from the nuptials were her father and her mother, Lynne Spears, both of whom did not score invites following their falling out with the singer over her conservatorship, which was terminated in November 2021. During the 13-year-conservatorship, Britney, 40, was allegedly forbidden from getting married or having children. She and Asghari announced they were expecting a “miracle baby” in early April but announced a miscarriage in May. Meanwhile, both parties’ legal teams seem to be tug-of-war over scheduling depositions. Just last month, Britney’s lawyer Rosengart wagged his finger at Jamie for reportedly refusing to sit for a deposition himself. “Despite his demonstrably false claims that he has ‘nothing to hide’ and would therefore ‘hide nothing,’ James P. Spears has been running and hiding from his deposition and accounting for his misconduct — under oath — as required by law,” court documents stated, according to the Daily Mail. But in the new legal filing, a Jan. 26, 2022, email is included that suggests Jamie would be agreeable to be deposed if Britney could be deposed in the same week. “Ideally, we would agree to conduct these depositions in early March, with them either occurring on consecutive days or at least the same week,” Weingarten’s email stated. However, in a March 2 response, Rosengart rejected the suggestion in order to shield Britney “from further trauma and abuse.” “While the deposition of James Spears is warranted, indeed necessary, there is no legitimate, good faith basis for taking the deposition of Britney Spears,” Rosengart responded in part.