Instead of going on a once-in-a-lifetime safari in South Africa, there’s now an opportunity to experience one on your own property. The cost? A colossal $36 million. Pegged as a “rare opportunity,”  a private reserve in Karoo in South Africa’s Eastern Cape province, one that spans over 41,260 acres, has hit the market for that sum. The grounds, otherwise known as Magic Hills, are home to the world’s most endangered wildlife species, the listing notes. Also known as the iSanti Big-5 reserve, the animals on the land include lions, leopards, rhinos, elephants, giraffes and the African buffalo. The world’s largest living black rhino is among the animals on the reserve. “Magic Hills is unlike anything I have ever experienced, which, as a travel writer is saying a lot. The silence, the views, the sheer amount of space – and the stars, oh the stars! There is definitely a different energy at play here… something supernatural,” Lynette Botha, International Travel Editor at LookBook Studio, said. “Besides the natural beauty, the luxurious lodges make falling in love with the place inevitable.” Vast horizons, vistas and plains make up the landscape and is situated near Addo Elephant Park, which the listing notes can be included in the sale. The Magic Hills Private Collection consists of three lodges, and one camp for a “deeply-rejuvenating safari experience,” the listing says. In one lodge known as Sky Villa, seven suites are laid out on top of the highest mountains on the reserve. “It is not unusual to awake amongst the clouds,” the listing adds. A second lodge, known as the ILanga Manor House, features 10 suites styled in Cape Dutch architecture. The third lodge, called “Elsa’s Farmhouse,” is a traditional four-bedroom home that has been restored and solar-powered. KaKhulu Karoo, the camp, offers seven suites. In total, the combined properties on the reserve features 28 bedrooms and 28 full bathrooms. Despite its vastness, the property is a 30-minute private charter to the ocean and 90 minutes to Cape Town. Additionally, there are three national parks within a two-hour drive, including the Valley of Desolation. Kim Cooper of Sotheby’s International Realty holds the listing.