A woman has sparked fury online after claiming she was kicked out of a Colorado restaurant for being underdressed — and told to “cover her a – -.” In a series of videos culminating in more than 500,000 views, TikTok user @willowstreedarko said she was asked to leave after several complaints, which she believes happened after a woman caught her husband staring at her. Videos posted to her account show a couple sitting near her in the establishment moving to a different table — allegedly due to how she was dressed — and a snippet of the conversation between her and the staff. “You’re uncomfortable because you saw your husband staring at me,” she says, recounting the events. “Then you had to get up and move. Then y’all went hold on the manager.” The TikToker added that “multiple white women” complained to the manager until she was kicked out. “This was [the employee’s] excuse the first time: You go to the bathroom,” she says in disbelief in the video. “I’ve been here for two hours drinking bottomless mimosas,” she continues. “I thought that everybody went to the bathroom.” In a follow-up video, @willowstreedarko included a brief snippet of the conversation between herself and the employee asking her to leave because she “keeps going to the bathroom” and is “very underdressed.” “Sometimes, you just need to wear more clothes, instead,” the waiter tells her. “You have to wear something that covers your a – -,” he continued. “I’m just being real with you.” The TikToker, who doesn’t give her name, responded by saying she was going to report him and it was “wrong” of him to do so, and his behavior was discriminative. “I tip very well,” she assures viewers in the clip. “And he was, ‘Yes, we see you all the time. You take good care of us.'” “So, you’re kicking me out just because of white will be cried wolf,” she concludes. TikTok users were outraged by her experience with thousands of users commenting on her videos. “The employees didn’t have a problem with your clothes when you entered the restaurant or seated you,” one user pointed out. “If your clothes was an issue, they should’ve said something when you first walked in,” agreed another. “Blatant discrimination. I’m so sorry this happened to you,” another user wrote, while another agreed it “sounds like a discrimination lawsuit.” The TikToker thanked her followers for showing their support, saying she’s moved on from being upset about the incident. “Like I said I was sad at first, but then when I went home I said how big of a flex is it that I got kicked out of a restaurant for being too sexy,” she said.