Sara Jumping Eagle grew up on the Pine Ridge reservation in South Dakota, one of the poorest counties in the US. She graduated from Stanford Medical School and returned to the reservation to help the Lakota people as a pediatrician and activist. Now 50, Jumping Eagle never expected to wind up on a busy street in Santa Monica last month — in a physical brawl with “The Flash” star Ezra Miller, 29. But she believes that the troubled Hollywood superhero has brainwashed, assaulted and possibly drugged her 18-year-old daughter, Tokata Iron Eyes, after grooming the girl for years. Miller is now traveling with Tokata and several other young women in California, she told The Post. “He’s not letting Tokata or the other girls bathe or wear makeup,” Jumping Eagle claimed to The Post. “They have to ask his permission. It’s an R. Kelly type situation and it’s very scary.” Jumping Eagle and her husband, attorney and Native American activist Chase Iron Eyes, 44, say Miller’s toxic behavior includes the appropriation of Native beliefs. She told The Post that Miller, the New Jersey-born child of a Manhattan publisher and his actress wife, even lectured them on what kind of Lakota medicine man her family should use. “Like this guy knows s–t about what he’s talking about,” Jumping Eagle said. “Telling us what to do in our own culture?” Jumping Eagle said she is glad the grandmother who raised her, Juanita White Eyes, is no longer around to see what’s happened to Tokata. “#EzraMiller is [a] spiritual voyeur dabbling in various indigenous peoples’ spiritual beliefs, combining w voodoo; using these beliefs [in] Tokata Iron Eyes mind, luring more people in cult-like manner,” Jumping Eagle tweeted last week. The “Justice League” star was arrested in March in Hawaii for disorderly conduct and later pled no contest. Miller, who uses them/they pronouns, was also accused of allegedly throwing a chair at a woman and being the subject of 10 911 calls in less than a month in Hawaii. They were caught on video apparently choking a woman in Reykjavik, Iceland, on April 1. Tokata, who has called Miller her “comrade” on social media, was in Hawaii with the actor when they were arrested. Jumping Eagle and her husband both flew to Los Angeles from Pine Ridge in late May to, they say, rescue Tokata, who’s also an activist, from what they describe as the “cult-like” grip of Miller. Calls and emails from The Post to Miller, the actor’s parents, Miller’s agent at CAA, Warner Bros. and Tokata herself went unanswered. Tokata posted a video on Instagram Thursday defending herself against accusations she is being controlled by Miller. “It’s nobody’s business and nobody is owed a story or outcome,” she said in the two-minute video. “This is my life and these are my decision and I’m disappointed in my parents and the press — in every way. “ Tokata dropped out of a private high school in Massachusetts in December, her parents said, to live with Miller in Vermont and go on road trips with them all over the country. She has not had a phone since January 2022, by her own admission. Her parents failed to persuade her to leave the actor in LA, however, and returned to Pine Ridge without her. But before they left, Jumping Eagle said that she filed a police report about what she called Miller’s assault of her on the street. (She showed The Post photos of bruises she claimed were inflicted by the actor during the skirmish.) The couple also went to the Warner Bros.’ headquarters in Burbank to pressure the company to do something about its “The Flash” star. The Post did not hear back from the Santa Monica Police Department about whether a police report had been filed. In court documents filed in Standing Rock Sioux Tribal Court last week, the couple allege that Miller, 29, “uses violence, intimidation, threat of violence, fear, paranoia, delusions and drugs to hold sway over a young adolescent Tokata.” Both Jumping Eagle and Iron Eyes have tweeted out frantic cries for help for their daughter in recent days. The tribal court has issued an order of protection against Ezra on behalf of Tokata. A hearing is set for next month. Tokata was around 9 years old in Nov. 2012 when Miller, then 19, came on a fact-finding mission to a uranium-mining region of the Black Hills in South Dakota that the Lakota consider a sacred site. Miller returned in 2016, when Tokata was 12, to participate in the #NoDAPL protest on the Standing Rock reservation in North Dakota, along with celebrities including Mark Ruffalo and Shailene Woodley. Tokata was there, protesting the North Dakota Access Pipeline alongside her parents, when she and Miller first formed a friendship, Jumping Eagle said. By then, Tokata was already considered a youth leader and had testified against the mining at the site while protesting at numerous tribal water rights demonstrations. Tokata proved such an influential activist over the years that Angelina Jolie interviewed her for her 2021 book, “Know Your Rights and Claim Them.” Miller flew Tokata out to London, where the actor was filming “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” in 2017. Jumping Eagle said another family from Standing Rock accompanied Miller and Tokata, so she wasn’t worried about the trip. It wasn’t until last week that Tokata’s parents, stunned by the recent events involving their daughter, began calling around to people who knew both Miller and Tokata. Jumping Eagle said she reached out to the family friend who went to London with Tokata and Miller in 2017— and was shocked by what she told her. “She said she caught Ezra trying to sleep in the same room as Tokata, who was 14 at the time,” Jumping Eagle claimed. “She told him, Ezra you can’t sleep in there with her’ and kept checking on him the whole time they were over there.” But back then Jumping Eagle and her husband had believed that Miller — who identifies as non-binary and queer — was harmless and just “buddies” with their daughter. Over the next few years, the star and Tokata kept in touch. Once Iron Eyes brought Tokata to New York for a “Respect Our Water” protest after being invited by Miller and others, Jumping Eagle said. Miller continued to visit the family at Pine Ridge, where he became infatuated with a local medicine man named Jasper. On another occasion, he told Tokata’s family he knew a better medicine person than theirs. “Can you imagine that?” Jumping Eagle said. “He thinks he knows our culture better than us?” It was Miller who suggested Tokata, who was growing bored at the the Red Cloud Indian School at Pine Ridge, transfer in 2020 for her junior year to Bard College at Simon’s Rock in Massachusetts, an accelerated private high school affiliated with Bard, which Miller’s sister attended. But Tokata ended up dropping out of Simon’s Rock late last year after an intensified involvement with Miller, Jumping Eagle said. Tokata began spending time at Miller’s Vermont home with an entourage that included people like queer performance artist Stella Marbles. Although both Miller and Tokata say they are gay and possibly transgender, Jumping Eagle said she believes the two have been having sex for months. “Ezra’s using ‘they’ pronouns because they don’t want to be labeled a white, privileged male,” Jumping Eagle told The Post. “But that’s what Ezra is. Ezra’s gaslighting everyone with the pronouns. What he’s doing with Tokata is R. Kelly type stuff. But he doesn’t know who he’s f—king with. Tokata has a family who loves her. And you don’t f–k with water protectors.” Although Tokata herself, as well as Miller’s supporters, have called Tokata’s parents abusive and transphobic, Jumping Eagle says that is false. “None of these people know us,” she said. “We have another child who identifies as non-binary. In our culture there have always been what we call ‘winkte’ or ‘two-spirit’ people who are important and respected in our community.” Led by Miller, the group took road trips down South, including to New Orleans, as well as to California. Jumping Eagle said her husband noticed Miller’s increasingly strange behavior, saying that the actor calling themselves the reincarnation of Jesus Christ and spoke about the FBI and the KKK following them. In late January, a friend of Miller’s who doesn’t want to be identified called Jumping Eagle and Iron Eyes to say Tokata was in danger at the house in Vermont. Tokata’s parents then went to Miller’s home in Vermont and said they found Tokata in what appeared to be a psychological breakdown. “She was ranting and babbling and not making sense and Ezra was just sitting there smirking and snapping his fingers like it was all a show,” Jumping Eagle said. Jumping Eagle said Tokata was visibly bruised and believes she was being given marijuana, LSD and ketamine. Tokata’s parents succeeded in bringing her back to Pine Ridge, where they took her to their medicine man and to a sweat lodge to detox. They prayed Lakota prayers, Jumping Eagle said. “I kept telling Tokata, you already have what Ezra and so many of them are seeking,” Jumping Eagle said. “We pray with the sacred pipe and the spiritual ways of Lakota people and we’ve passed that on to our kids.” Tokata got much better while at home, her mother said, but ultimately left again to return to Miller. When her parents heard again that Tokata was in LA with Miller and their entourage in May and not doing well, they flew out again to get her on May 29. After the Native American couple confronted Miller, Tokata and some friends at a home in Santa Monica, the group started running down the street. Jumping Eagle found herself eventually on busy Lincoln Boulevard where, she claimed, Miller assaulted her while she was trying to persuade Tokata to get out of a car and come home. “Ezra was slamming the door on my arms,” Jumping Eagle said. ” I started hollering, Ezra stop!’ The police eventually came but Ezra and Tokata had gone.” Miller, whose breakout film was “We Need to Talk About Kevin” in 2011, stars as Barry Allen in Warner Bros.’ film version of DC Comics’ “The Flash.” The movie, estimated to cost between $100 and $150 million, was postponed from this summer to June 2023, amid rumors — so far unfounded — that Warner Bros. might replace Miller because of the actor’s increasingly erratic behavior. “The movie seemed ready to go,” Jeff Bock, a media analyst at Exhibitor Relations told The Post. “The fact that it’s being postponed seems to be only the result of all this mess around Ezra Miller. It’s a worst case situation for a studio that wants to move ahead with what could be a three-picture franchise. Depending on what happens with this situation with the young woman, it could be a nightmare for them. Either way it may be a one-and-done for Ezra. You can’t be a big movie star and act this way.” Now, Jumping Eagle and her husband want Warner Bros. to get involved in their battle. “Ezra just keeps hurting people,” she said. “He’ll probably just drop my daughter eventually but what kind of shape will she be in when he leaves her? And who’s next?”