Neighbors of a California private investigator who allegedly raped and tortured a woman for six months have revealed they heard chilling screams for help and loud banging coming from the home. Peter Anthony McGuire, 59, has pleaded not guilty to charges including rape, kidnapping and sodomy for allegedly torturing a 22-year-old woman from January through June after she moved into his Chino Hills home. But neighbors who live on McGuire’s cul-de-sac told the Sun they heard someone screaming “for help” inside the home, as well as loud banging. One woman posted about the noises on a local online platform and soon learned she wasn’t the only one who heard the concerning noises. “Another neighbor that reported some banging on the wall, and he called police because he could hear the banging and he could hear screams for help,” the woman told the outlet. “I think some people were too scared to say something, or maybe they did call the police. But the police didn’t do anything about it.” The woman claimed cops said there was no “substantial evidence” for them to conduct a welfare check at the home, according to the report. “I was told there was no way for them to pinpoint where the screams are coming from,” the neighbor continued, adding that McGuire was reclusive. Chino Hills police told the Sun the department had received calls for service from neighbors since the beginning of the year referencing a possible domestic disturbance. “A deputy responded to each of the calls and no disturbance was substantiated,” cops told the outlet. “The house was quiet and no one answered the door during each of the calls.” Other neighbors of McGuire’s have said the private investigator had kept a low profile in Chino Hills. “I’ve lived here 24 years,” one man told NBC Los Angeles last week. “I’ve seen him only once or twice and it’s always in the evening.” McGuire is a private investigator who owns a company called Hollywood Off-Duty Protection and Investigations, NBC Los Angeles reported. McGuire has also previously worked as a police officer, serving at the Huntington Park Police Department from 1986 to 1987 before being terminated, KTLA reported Tuesday. Years later, he went on to work at the now-defunct Hawaiian Gardens Police Department from 1995 to 1997, according to the San Bernardino County District Attorney’s Office. Authorities believe McGuire, who remains jailed without bail, may have victimized others. Anyone who has additional information should call Chino Hills police at (909) 364-2000.