The Queens teenager who was shot in the leg while doing her homework after a stray bullet whizzed through her front door told The Post Thursday that Mayor Eric Adams’ handling of crime is laughable. Believing it’s “only going to get worse,” Tamima Samira, 15, said officials are doing a “terrible” job at handling the city’s gun violence during an interview at her bloodstained St. Albans home, two days after she was shot in the leg in her dining room. “We make fun of [Mayor] Eric Adams all the time,” she said, referring to her high school debate team. “It’s kind of crazy how he thinks just getting homeless people off the subway will do anything to help the crime rates. It’s hard. There is not much you can do to effectively get rid of these problems.” The teen said she’s not even shocked that she became a victim, given the city’s soaring crime rate. “It’s terrible that we can say that we can expect it,” Samira said. The sophomore at Bronx High School of Science was sitting at her dining room table working on English assignments around 11 p.m. Tuesday when suddenly, a trio of suspects fired a barrage of bullets outside of her home on 113th Road near 205th Street, police said. Around 20 bullets struck the front of the house — and one of them pierced Samira’s shin after it blasted through her front door. “It felt like I was being electrocuted,” Samira said of the moment she was shot. “I looked down at my leg. There is blood on my leg. There is blood on my hand. Then [my mom] comes running over, she actually helps me get up. “My mother was terrified. My father was terrified. My [10-year-old] brother was very confused. He had no idea what was going on.” As Samira’s mother rushed to tie a tourniquet around the wound, her father called 911 and within minutes, she was en route to the hospital where she later underwent surgery to remove the bullet from her leg. “It’s kind of crazy — because you don’t expect to get shot in the leg sitting at your dining table,” Samira said. “You might expect to get hit by someone on the subway, maybe even shot, but at your own home while you’re doing English homework at like 11? No, not really.” The plucky teen said she’s “doing great” after she was discharged from the hospital Wednesday afternoon — when she posted a cheeky sign to her front door that referred to herself as “the girl that got shot.” “I’m going to be very, very honest, I was more so scared for, like, my family than I was for myself,” said Samira, who now walks with a limp. Adams and the NYPD have struggled to curb gun violence ahead of the hot summer months — traditionally the most violent in New York City. So far this year, there have been 535 incidents of gunplay as of Sunday, according to the latest NYPD statistics. While those figures are down slightly from last year at just under 10%, this year’s pace is nearly double what they were before the pandemic, when the city saw a historic spike in gun violence. In response, Adams has rolled out so-called Neighborhood Safety Teams, a revamped version of the controversial anti-crime units that were disbanded in 2020. And last week, Hizzoner appointed a “gun violence czar” to tackle the soaring rates. He’s also sought to tamp down crime in the subway system by cracking down on the homeless. Samira said she’s well aware of the crime scourge rocking the city. “It’s terrible that we see it happening every single day. Shootings happening all the time,” she said. “People have told me that it’s going to hit me later that I was like shot in the leg sitting at home, but I was like laughing 10 minutes after it happened. “It’s crazy how we’re like desensitized to it, because I have been taking it … a lot better than my parents have, and that’s because I read the news. I had it happen to me and I was not shocked. I wasn’t. I really wasn’t.” Samira, who is originally from Bangladesh and moved to Queens when she was a toddler, said her “terrified” parents now feel unsafe in their home but she feels secure knowing she wasn’t the intended target of the shooting. “Being targeted is a problem though, hate crimes are at an all-time high. But for my safety, I’m not that concerned right now. I’m more concerned about everyone else who’s going through the same thing, except even worse because they’ve been targeted,” she said. But she also said criminals “should be given the chance to rehabilitate, reform.” “Maybe whoever did it was mentally unsound,” Samira said. “Instead of imprisoning them, maybe if you gave them the opportunity to get professional help, all the resources, maybe they could change for the better and I do believe that people can change, but I still believe that they should face the consequences of their actions.” “Just because I’m not scared doesn’t mean I don’t think it’s terrible. Those people need to be caught, they need to be held up to the consequence standard and need to face whatever consequences they should be facing,” she continued. As for Samira’s future, she plans to study a STEM-related field at Columbia University and wants to figure out how to use her horrifying experience to effect change. “You know what my college essay is going to be?” she quipped. “Gun violence from a first-person perspective.”