A TikTok user has revealed how her influencer neighbor is always throwing away amazing PR gifts, which she then collects and gives a new life. Influencer culture has become rather controversial in recent years, and this TikToker’s experience may highlight some of the reasons why this industry can be seen as somewhat wasteful at times. Posting to her TikTok account @nikoosh96, New Yorker Nikki shares that she lives in the same building as a well-known influencer who regularly throws out old PR gifts that she’s not going to use. Keeping the influencer’s identity anonymous, Nikki says: “she’s very beautiful and I love her content, however, she sometimes throws out really nice things, she puts them in the trash room.” Giving the influencer the benefit of the doubt, Nikki says that she’s unsure if she places the items in there with the intention of others picking them up or if she is just genuinely throwing them away. However the TikToker does add that the items are usually under piles of other things, suggesting that perhaps they are indeed just being thrown out. “It kinda makes me upset, cause sometimes it’s really nice things and then that stuff is just going to the landfill,” says Nikki. The most recent item she discovered in her neighbour’s trash was the Supergoop! x Susan Alexandra summer essentials bag which retails at $285. “This is perfectly good stuff,” the TikToker says, “you could put ‘free’ in the lobby and someone would take it.” Commenters were in agreement with Nikki’s judgement that this is wasteful, with one writing: “You’re right it’s so wasteful and they promote overconsumption.” “The extent to which many influencers promote overconsumption is horrifying,” added another. “At least donate it. or a free box. Smh” wrote a third. Others added that if they lived in the same building they’d be going to check the trash all the time: “I wanna see a haul of everything you get! The way I’d be in the trash room every day.” Another user shared her own experience, writing: “I live in a BIG influencer’s old apartment and still get some of her PR, she tells me I can keep it.” One user humorously suggested that the brand may become aware of this and not send anymore packages to the influencer, “Susan watching this knowing exactly who it is cos clearly she ain’t posting with it” Susan Alexandra responded to this comment writing: “We didn’t do the gifting on this but it’s really sad that this happened! At least give it to someone!” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.