Calling this past year stressful is an understatement. With the continued COVID-19 pandemic, heat waves, returning to the office and the general stressors of every day life, sometimes you need a moment of zen. Yoga is a great way to unwind and relieve your anxiety and experts say that practicing the popular discipline can help to reduce COVID-induced depression and stress. So if you’ve been looking to improve your health or want to bring some relaxation into your life, yoga is a great option. And luckily, there are mats that will fit any kind of exercise, budget or style. Whether you are into hot yoga or a beginner who is just getting started, there is a perfect fit for you. Here are some of the best yoga mats that we could find from lululemon, Amazon and more, with input from some of the best yoga instructors around. Be it in tree pose or a relaxing Shavasana, this mat from lululemon will guide you through your practice. The Reversible Mat is just that, with a two-toned color on either side and a textured fabric to help prevent slipping around while in your pose. The mat is a 5mm width, large enough for you to spread out, but still narrow enough to roll up and throw over your shoulder for a yoga session on the go. The yoga mat comes in the pictured two-tone blue, as well as in Spiced Chai pink, Green Fern, Rhino Gray and an all-black option. This mat is recommended by teachers around the world, and with such great specs, it’s easy to see why. Its cushioning and top-tier support make it truly one of a kind. “My favorite mat hands down is the Manduka Pro Lite… provided I don’t lose it, it will last me a lifetime! Plus perfect cushion under my knees,” world-renowned yoga teacher Kia Miller told The Post. Don’t limit your yoga practice to the studio. Take your mat on the go with lululemon’s Carry Onwards Mat Travel, which comes in either light Blue Linen or a black color. The mat is lightweight and flexible, made with natural rubber as well as a microfibre top for a super soft and luxe feel. The mat can be easily folded and rolled, coming with an elastic strap to keep everything together when on the move. This mat is perfect for yoga lovers. It’s got cushioning that makes exercise comfortable and safe. And it’s made of recyclable rubber that is chemical-free and odor-resistant. “It is a yoga towel and mat in one,” said top yoga teacher Heidi Kristoffer. “The best surface for yoga imaginable — the perfect amount of grip, without restricting movement. It also stays in place on every surface I have used it on, without being too heavy to transport, which is very rare. Bonus: you will never have to worry about remembering a towel for a sweaty or heated class with this mat” The mat is sold on Amazon and comes with a carrying strap as well, making this a perfect product for the yogi in your life. This eco-friendly yoga mat is a yogi’s dream. It’s multi-use and can be used as a mat, cushion or bolster and it’s lightweight so you can take it wherever you go. “The foldable yoga mat from OnCourt Off Court is brilliant for supporting my knees, pelvis, even works to prop me up into a shoulder stand,” yoga expert Elena Brower told The Post. “I use mine all the time, also for cross-training.” It easy to see why this mat is the brand’s most popular item. Its lightweight build makes it easy to transport and its nature-friendly texture even makes it resistant to mold and bad smells. “42 Birds makes a terrific product,” Brower said. “Their mats are eco-friendly sourcing and have no rubber scent! I love their cork mat for my home practice.” Sugarmat is the go-to for luxurious yoga mats and this Marrakesh-themed mat is absolutely beautiful. You’ll be able to escape into the world of peace and enlightenment with its anti-grip design and sturdy cushion. This limited-edition mat is a favorite for yogis everywhere. Its gratitude theme and vibrant color are the epitomai of stylish and its “GripForMe” material works well with any exercise routine. “[It] has a fantastic grip which to me is key especially if your palms get sweaty and the lines to help guide with alignment and body placement,” Mercedes Sieff told The Post. This yoga mat is a quality must-have. Its 4mm build is great for yogis who are active and need great grip and protective cushioning. “Its non-skid surface allows for excellent grip, which is especially helpful for working with bones and stabilizing my joints,” senior teacher Marla Apt told The Post. Stick with the basics during your yoga practice. This Amazon Basics yoga mat comes in an array of colors to choose from, and for only $18 you can collect them all for your studio or home practice. This one has more than 61,000 reviews and an average star-rating of 4.6 out of five, leaving customers feeling relaxed. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.