A vandal scrawled threatening and anti-Semitic graffiti on a Long Island lawn sign supporting GOP gubernatorial candidate Lee Zeldin, the pol’s camp said Sunday, just days before his party’s primary election. The hateful message — which included a swastika and the number 187 — was found on a sign in a yard in Huntington, Suffolk County, the congressman’s home turf, his campaign said in a statement. The campaign said the number 187 is the California penal code for murder — and “has been universally adopted as a common death threat.” Zeldin rep Katie Vincentz added, “In the United States, we settle our scores at the ballot box, and this type of raw hate must never have any home on Long Island or anywhere else in our state and country. “Congressman Zeldin is thankful for the Suffolk County Police Department as they work to identify the perpetrators.” Zeldin faces Rob Astorino, Andrew Giuliani and Harry Wilson in Tuesday’s Republican primary. He was out traversing upstate New York on Sunday ahead of the primary voting.The 42-year-old, four-term congressman — who The Post endorsed on June 16 — has consistently led in the polls against his opponents. Real Clear Politics’ most recent two-week polling average showed Zeldin with 32.5% of the primary vote vs. 20% for his closest challenger, Giuliani. The winner will go up against the victor in Tuesday’s Democratic primary — likely incumbent Gov. Kathy Hochul. Other GOP gubernatorial candidates also stormed the state on the final Sunday before the primary. Video posted on Giuliani’s Twitter page showed him speaking to elderly veterans in The Bronx and posing with New York Mets mascot “Mr. Met” in Bayside, Queens. “It was great to meet you Mr. Met, absolutely,” Giuliani said in the clip.But Giuliani’s stumping was marred by a scary incident involving his famous dad, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was slapped on the back by a foul-mouthed worker in a ShopRite on Staten Island. “You’re a f–king scumbag,’’ the on-the-clock employee snarled at Rudy, 78, who was glad-handing for his son at the time and told The Post he felt “tremendous pain’’ afterward.The worker was taken into custody by cops. Meanwhile, Wilson, a former Obama administration official, campaigned in Rockland County and appeared on the radio program “The Cats Roundtable with John Catsimatidis.” “The issues that matter most to New Yorkers are crime and cost of living,” he told Catsimatidis. Former Westchester County Executive Astorino spent the day in Queens and Long Island, he said in a video posted on Twitter. “Coming down the home stretch here, folks,” Astorino said in the video. “I’m running because I’m going to beat Kathy Hochul. We’re going to save this state.” Additional reporting by Zach Williams