The second the weather turns sunny and bright, it’s time to get the kids off their screens and into the outdoors to soak up the sun. Not to mention, the backyard is the best place to be when the weather gets hot, provided you have toys and outdoor games. Just think: while you’re soaking up the sun’s rays in your pool lounge chair (perhaps underneath your new beach umbrella), the kiddos will be entertained for hours with a smile from ear to ear. Nevertheless, our exclusive edit of the best outdoor games and toys wasn’t curated with just the tots in mind. With classics like Cornhole and KanJam, among others, some of our top picks will get the entire outdoor gang up and out of their seats. Shop the 20 best outdoor games and toys of 2022 to turn your backyard or park visit into an unforgettable experience. We divided the best online shopping pick-ups into easy-find categories, too, so you don’t have to. Click to jump to a specific category for games and toys: When you think of outdoor games, it’s hard not to think of Cornhole. This classic bean bag toss bundle is a crowd-pleaser for kindergarteners to grandparents alike, and is sure to up the friendly competition at your outdoor party. Plus, it has more than 13K rave reviews on Amazon. Entertain your outdoor party guests with Kan Jam, one of the most unbeatable backyard game for crowds. You’ll take turns throwing and defending the flying disc with this 21-point-wins game (whether at your yard or the beach). Plus, it’s easy to set up. As one of our favorite outdoor must-haves for the summertime, iBaseToy’s Inflatable Pool Volleyball Set & Basketball Hoop never ceases to be a crowd-pleaser. You’re bringing one of your favorite outdoor games to the water and it’s the ideal way to bring groups of loved ones together for all-around fabulous entertaining. Conveniently, it comes with two volleyballs and two basketballs, along with the blow-up net made of eco-friendly materials. This large Jenga-inspired game is next-level (and, great for all ages). Not only do more than 9K outdoor gamers love this portable outdoor activity but it also promotes logical thinking and active movement. Plus, we love how it’ll complement your yard or park trip all the same. If there’s any outdoor game on our wishlists, it’s this unbeatable lawn bowling set. It’s on a phenomenal sale at Wayfair right now, and it’s one of the more unique additions to your backyard party that’s sure to bring the whole crowd together. The countdown to summer blasts off in three…two…one… Well, as soon as you blow up this sprinkler from FUNBOY at least. The rocket-shaped inflatable can be easily hooked up to your backyard hose, turning it into a sprinkler system in an instant. At over 7.5 feet, this is fun for the whole family, big kids and adults included. There’s always a rainbow after the rain, and this inflatable brings both right into your backyard. Sold at Amazon, this PoolCandy sprinkler system is the perfect way to cool down while encouraging the kiddos to play outside in the sunshine. Its made of environmentally friendly PVC material and is 6 ft. long to serve as the vibrant backyard showpiece your young ones have been waiting for. Bring your kid’s favorite park to your backyard with the Little Tikes First Slide. Adorably cute and a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, it’ll keep your two to four-year-old occupied for hours on end when it’s bright and sunny outside. The sandbox is a staple of childhood, and now you can have one in your own backyard. Stay shielded from the sun as your little ones play all day, as the set comes with a blue canopy with an adjustable height. After you’re done playing, lower the canopy all the way to cover the sand and keep it nice and clean until playtime starts again tomorrow. Is this your house or the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse? Teach your child the joy of golf with a mini-set of their own, decorated with Mickey Mouse himself. Find the hidden Mickey’s on the clubs, cover and even the hole, that comes with an easy-to-use ramp and two ears, of course. Plus, the kiddie sports set is budget-friendly. Truth be told, Little Tikes’ Easy Score Basketball Set is a slam dunk for the warmer months. For less than $40 and with more than 38K rave reviews, it won’t let your little basketball star down. The set includes three mini balls and an adjustable rim, the latter a wonderful feature to grow with your child. Create a mini water park right in your backyard with this splash pond water table that creates endless STEM fun for your child. The Step2 has more than 13K Amazon reviews and includes a large bucket, a rubber duck, one frog water squirter, one fish water squirter and more. Not to mention, it’s a wonderful sensory toy for your child to enjoy. Perfect for playdates, Creative Cedar’s Sky View Backyard Playset is a splurge, yet comes with a little bit of every activity included for your child to enjoy. From swings and rock climbing to a clubhouse, slide and even a sandbox, there’s an unlimited amount of fun to be had with this backyard staple. If you don’t live by the beach but want your kids to get some tactile play in the sand, this activity table is for you. Sold at Wayfair, this two-in-one table features one side for sand and one for water, complete with drainage holes and plenty of toys to keep them busy. Sand isn’t included, but once you get your hands on some, they’ll never want to come inside again, especially since the set comes with an umbrella to keep them cool. The kids will jump for joy when they look out back and see their new summer trampoline. This trampoline is fun for the whole family (regardless of what size you choose), and safe too, with a mesh and zipper enclosure to prevent kids from falling off the side. Sold at Wayfair, it is weather-resistant, rain or shine and has padded safety poles on all sides to prevent any accidents. Is your little one an ultimate ninja warrior? Put them and their energy levels to the test with this customizable obstacle course and slackline from Amazon. After you find two trees or sturdy ends to hang the line, attach as many or as few of the assorted ropes, hoops and swings using the included hardware. What’s great about this bundle? You can start simple and then continue customizing as your little one gets better and better. If your yard wasn’t blessed with good climbing trees, that’s all in the past now. These adjustable climbing holds attach easily to any tree, serving as hand and footholds to propel yourself up and come back down again safely. The set from Amazon comes with 12 holds and six straps and can be arranged and rearranged as many times as you please. Bring the jungle gym right to your backyard with this climbing tower sold on Amazon. It’s durable, high quality and the plastic material features UV protective for long lasting outdoor play in the sun. Not to mention, it’s more than 30% right now to ring in summer. Oh, now we’re talking. This inflatable bounce house automatically brings the party to your backyard and you’ll be glad you purchased it for your kids’ next pool party. It features extra large racing slides and is constructed in heavy-duty material so your family is able to use it for years to come, too. What child (or, let’s be honest, adult) doesn’t love bubbles? This fun kit is on sale for just $15 and creates giant bubbles — bound to keep your kids entertained for hours. In our eyes, it’s that perfect, less-than-$20 outdoor activity that’s undeniably worth it for hot days in the sun. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.