Baker Mayfield appears to be enjoying life off the field while skipping the Browns’ scheduled OTAs. The Cleveland quarterback, who has been estranged from the team since requesting a trade in March, partied in Austin, Texas, over the weekend, according to photos on social media. Joined by wife Emily and a bunch of pals, Mayfield’s group appeared to enjoy a boozy getaway that included boat rides and the occasional PDA, as documented in photos. Emily likened the trip to “Makeshift Cabo2.0” on Instagram. Mayfield has yet to reunite with the Browns after a tumultuous offseason, which saw Cleveland make a shocking trade for his replacement in former Texans quarterback, Deshaun Watson. In response to the trade for Watson’s services, Mayfield said on the “Ya Neva Know” podcast in April that he felt “disrespected” by the Browns, who selected him first overall in 2018, and how he’s seeking “stabilization” in the future. The organization, however, is reportedly having trouble moving Mayfield due to the $18.8 million guaranteed salary he’s owed this season. Despite the festering drama, Mayfield is expected to show up for Cleveland’s training camp in late July, according to NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport, who said things are “awkward” between the quarterback and Cleveland. The Browns traded for Watson in March, signing him to a record five-year, $230 million contract, fully guaranteed. The acquisition came after two separate grand juries declined to indict him on criminal charges in relation to the ongoing 22 civil lawsuits against him alleging sexual misconduct. A 23rd lawsuit was filed against Watson earlier this week by a massage therapist, who also alleged sexual misconduct. Before the additional lawsuit was made public, the NFL said it was nearing the end of its own investigation of Watson to determine if he violated its code of conduct. Watson has other pretrial depositions scheduled for June but is not expected to go to trial with any of the 22 lawsuits until after February, according to a reported deal between the plaintiffs and defense attorneys.