Don Mattingly got his Marlins together for a meeting at just the right time, inspiring perhaps their best game of the year (a 12-2 win Tuesday over the Nationals) and a winning streak. Jazz Chisholm has turned into a star in Miami. But Chisholm turned out to be the subject for criticism in the team meeting, according to sources, as teammates apparently aren’t always as enamored as fans who love the style and sizzle. Mattingly said he didn’t want anyone talking behind anyone’s back, and perhaps a little up-front honesty worked. Quizzed on what specifically was said to Chisholm, Marlins GM Kim Ng declined to elaborate further: “Reluctant to provide further detail — happy everyone is responding.” Chisholm went out and hit two home runs that game, and later in an interview on MLB Network said, “I have that tool that’s called, I don’t care. I just go out there and have fun.” One person, who suggested teammates may be “jealous,” said, “Jazz is like Dennis Rodman. He will always be a lightning rod. But he works and plays hard.” Ng had a simple explanation for Chisholm’s recent exploits: “He’s good.” Fernando Tatis Jr. is going to see the doctor next week in what is hoped will be the final clearance to begin baseball activity. The hope and belief now is that he could be back in the first two weeks of July, or at least sometime before the All-Star break. … The Yankees are planning to look for bullpen help. They will be far from alone. Top relievers who could be available include David Bednar, Michael Fulmer, and former Yankees Mark Melancon, Ian Kennedy and David Robertson. … The Yankees told Miguel Andjuar that though they’ve tried to trade him. the offers haven’t been good enough. Matt Carpenter has been a revelation. The Red Sox and Braves were among others to reach out, but Carpenter says he’s thrilled to be a Yankee. … Yankees pitchers are emphasizing sinkers at a time everyone is throwing up in the zone, a scout observed. Whatever they are doing, it’s working. … Ex-Yankees coach Rob Thomson has started 5-0 as Phillies manager. Credit Joe Girardi for hiring Thomson. But some early changes are a more relaxed feeling, and more play by kids — Bryson Stott, Mickey Moniak, etc. … Ex-Yankees coach Phil Nevin lost his first two games as the Angels ran their losing streak to 14 games — hard to believe considering they have arguably the game’s two best players, Mike Trout and Shohei Ohtani. Nevin deserved a shot, but as Yankees coach he was known for being blunt and tough (they let him go after 2021). Jim Leyland reiterated by text he isn’t interested in returning to manage. (Maybe he sees what’s going on with his good buddy Tony La Russa). … Star Cubs C Willson Contreras will likely be seeking $100 million-plus for five years as a free agent after the season. … Starter Tarik Skubal is “our All Star,” says a Tigers person. Skubal and Alex Faedo give them a nice 1-2. But this Tigers team just can’t hit. … White Sox GM Rick Hahn gave their hitting coaches what amounted to a vote of confidence. The Chisox being 28th in OPS (.653) is about the most shocking thing of this season. … La Russa didn’t help matters batting Andrew Vaughn ninth one day. I’m told that won’t happen again. … Michael Conforto still looks like a fit for the White Sox from here. … Folks don’t think Pirates ownership will allow a trade of Bryan Reynolds without a gigantic return, beyond what’s reasonable, even for a switch-hitting center fielder with three more years of control. … The Padres tried to lock up Joe Musgrove, but his price will rise after his superb start. One extra reason he may stay beyond his success: he’s a San Diego native. … Ted Leonsis — the CEO of Monumental Sports and Entertainment, which owns the NBA’s Wizards and NHL’s Capitals — is among 28 interested parties in bidding for the Nationals, and a logical buyer since the Nats-owning Lerner family is a partner in both those teams. However, his initial offer is thought to put him behind in bidding. … Player of the Week: Yordan Alvarez, Astros, DH/LF.