Jose Trevino will not go there when asked about his old employer. The Yankees catcher, in the midst of a breakout season that’s starting to garner All-Star buzz, has no need to be anything but diplomatic and soft-spoken. Isiah Kiner-Falefa, his teammate in the minors, with the Rangers and now with the Yankees, though, will. “He got shafted, pretty much, in Texas,” Kiner-Falefa told The Post on Friday ahead of the Yankees’ game against the Astros. “For him to have this opportunity to do what he’s doing now, there was never a doubt for me thinking that he was gonna do this. It was more so questioning Texas’ decisions and what they were thinking, the whole process of signing those guys and bringing those guys in [ahead of Trevino] didn’t make any sense to me.” Other than Trevino himself, Kiner-Falefa might be one of the only people who can say he saw this season coming from the 29-year-old. Trevino has burst onto the scene in New York, posting a .282/.336/.470 slash line, leading all catchers in Baseball Prospectus’ pitch framing metric and ranking second among AL catchers (min: 100 plate appearances) in both fWAR and wRC+. Yankees manager Aaron Boone and star outfielder Aaron Judge alike endorsed Trevino for a spot on the AL All-Star team earlier this week. That will be an uphill climb, complicated by baseball’s mandate that every team have at least one player selected as an All-Star, but there is no denying that Trevino should be in the conversation. “I feel like it’s been inside of me,” Trevino said. “I feel like I’ve shown this before, I’m just glad it’s showing up right now.” Trevino gave credit to a new offseason training routine, in which he worked with Lee Fiocchi, formerly the head strength and conditioning coach for the Angels, at a Texas gym called Dynamic Sports Training. That helped improve his movement, he said, leading to improvements both on defense and at the plate. Kiner-Falefa also brought up a labrum injury Trevino dealt with in 2018, saying it might have taken him time to get back to full strength. “What he’s doing now, I saw that coming in the minor leagues,” Kiner-Falefa said. “I played with him almost every level. He’s done that at every level. He’s won two championships in the minor leagues with Texas. That’s just the type of player he is, the caliber he is and the leader he is. “I think for the most part, if he’s got a decent [pitching] staff, he’s gonna do big things with it.” For further confirmation of that, look no further than the Yankees’ pitchers. “I definitely think he’s an All-Star catcher,” Clay Holmes said. “I played with Jacob Stallings last year [in Pittsburgh] and he won the Gold Glove in the NL. Trevino, he’s pretty special back there and I hope he gets the recognition.”