FBI agents looking for missing New Hampshire girl Harmony Montgomery seized a large refrigerator on Tuesday as they carried out a massive search at the apartment where she once lived with her father and stepmother. Local and federal law enforcement agencies were involved in the search at the property in Manchester as part of the probe into the little girl’s disappearance. At one point, investigators could be seen hauling a refrigerator from the building and wrapping it in black plastic. Other unidentified items were also seized for further analysis during the search. “This is rough. I know in my heart this is no longer a rescue mission. They’re looking for a body,” Harmony’s biological mother, Crystal Sorey, had earlier told Boston 25 News of the search. It wasn’t immediately clear when Adam Montgomery and his wife Kayla lived at the home with Harmony. The New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office wouldn’t disclose any details regarding the current search. Earlier this year, authorities had searched a different home in Manchester that the couple lived in. Harmony’s father had custody of her when she was last seen, at age 5, in late 2019. Authorities weren’t alerted to her disappearance until last year — more than two years after she vanished. The girl’s father has been in jail since January on various charges, including one that he allegedly struck Harmony in the face in July 2019. He’s pleaded not guilty to that charge. Meanwhile, his wife is currently out on bail after pleading not guilty to a theft by deception charge after she was accused of falsely claiming Harmony was living with her in order to collect welfare benefits. The couple had previously told investigators that Harmony had gone to stay with her mother in Massachusetts around Thanksgiving 2019. But Harmony’s mother said she last saw the girl during a phone video conversation around Easter that year. Police have received hundreds of tips since they started searching for Harmony. The reward for information that leads them to the missing child now sits at $150,000. With Post wires