Bathrobes don’t need to be boring! In fact, they can be a go-to clothing item that the men in your life will love if you get the right one. Now, just in time for Father’s Day, you can make sure the dude in your life falls in love with his robe by snagging him a DudeRobe Luxury Men’s Hooded Bathrobe. It’s currently on sale ahead of the holiday for just $99 — $49 bucks off the usual price — for a very limited time through June 19, and is available in a variety of sizes and colors depending on your guy’s preference — navy blue, grey, or black. The DudeRobe isn’t your average bathrobe. Nope, this cool clothing item has been featured on Kickstarter and even made an appearance on ABC’s Shark Tank, thanks to its modern twist on the boring bathrobe of yesteryear. It’s a piece that has been re-designed and re-engineered to become a go-to wardrobe staple for all the dads and dad figures in your life. Let your favorite guy grab the DudeRobe every time he hops out of the shower, wants to lounge around the house, or even when he needs to take the dog on a walk. It’s stylish and sleek, with a hoodie fit and style that lets him look cool while chilling out and staying comfortable. Made of premium sweatshirt material on the outside, the DudeRobe doesn’t look like your average dull old bathrobe. But despite looking chic, the interior is made of a comfy and extra absorbent fabric that stealthily does the robe job. Non-floppy arm cuffs ensure it still looks cool outside the house, and an above-the-knee length is the perfect silhouette for any stylish guy. How many times have you lost your robe’s belt? DudeRobe took this into account, featuring a never-lost belt that is permanently attached. There’s also an extra pocket inside so that your guy can keep his valuables secure and safe. Give the guys in your life a robe that they won’t want to take off. Act fast and snag the DudeRobe in different shades, navy blue, grey or black,  and sizes for just $99 before June 19. Prices subject to change.