Emilia Clarke and author George R. R. Martin just spilled the beans on the rumored “Game of Thrones” sequel series. In an interview with the BBC, the former Mother of Dragons confirmed that Kit Harington will reprise his role as Jon Snow in a spin-off centered around the fan-favorite fantasy hero, as the Hollywood Reporter previously reported. “He has told me about it. And I know it exists,” Clarke declared to the BBC. “It’s happening.” Realizing she might have said too much, she continued: “It’s been created by Kit as far as I can understand, so he’s in it from the ground up. So what you will be watching, hopefully, if it happens, is certified by Kit Harington.” However, “Game of Thrones” creator Martin also confirmed the program’s planning stages on his blog Thursday. “Yes, there is a Jon Snow show in development,” he wrote, adding that the working title for the program was simply “SNOW” and that it was Harington who brought the idea to Martin and company. However, HBO has not officially announced whether it was greenlighting the project. The Post has reached out to Harington’s representative for comment. But will Clarke herself — a k a Daenerys Targaryen — appear in the Snow show? “No, I think I’m done,” she replied, laughing. The original “Game of Thornes” show concluded with Snow discovering that he was a potential heir to the Iron Throne, after which the brooding badass left Westeros and ventured North of the Wall with Ghost and the Wildlings to forge a new path. Hollywood Reporter insiders claimed the in-development series is moving “boldly from a creative standpoint,” as the project will “upend” HBO’s final “Game of Thrones” season as the “last word” on the fates of surviving characters in the cable outlet’s most-watched and most-Emmy-winning series ever. And while details on the yet-to-be-named spin-off are still being hammered out, given that it will be set in the aftermath of the “Game of Thrones” finale, it’s probable that other surviving central characters — such as his half-siblings Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) and Sansa Stark (Sophie Turner), as well as Brienne of Tarth (Gwendoline Christie) — could make an appearance, per the industry outlet.