OnlyFans doesn’t appear to be in Paige Spiranac’s future. Spiranac recently shared that while she’s been asked countless times about joining the exclusive content site, the 29-year-old influencer believes that taking the OnlyFans route, for her, could potentially be a “career killer.” “When you say OnlyFans, there is this stigma around it which – I don’t judge any woman who decides to do OnlyFans, love yourself, do what makes you happy – but for me, it’s just not in my road when it comes to my business plan,” Spiranac said during a Q&A on her “Playing A Round” podcast. Spiranac, who has long been candid about the criticism she’s received from members of the golf community, cited the sport’s conservative nature and how the move could possibly close doors. “With being in such a conservative industry like golf, that would be a career killer for me. Even what I do, so many doors have been shut because they don’t like the fact that I just show cleavage,” said Spiranac, who often shares sultry snaps on her Instagram page. “I think that is not OK, I don’t agree with it, I think you can be respected and be sexy, and I really try to push that, but that would be I think a step too far where I’d probably lose sponsors, doors would be closed, and that would be my only source of revenue.” Spiranac, who boasts more than three million followers on Instagram, also noted that when it comes to creating content, whether hers or OnlyFans, she often thinks about the bigger picture. “I think a lot of women who are thinking about doing OnlyFans, you do have to think about your future, it’s going to be written on all of your resumes, everyone is going to know that you’re doing it, again, there’s such a stigma about it, which, I don’t agree with, but it is something that you really do have to think of when it comes to five, 10 years, 20 years down the road, how is this decision going to affect me?” Spiranac said. “Even the content I’m doing now, I always think about that. I did a silly milkshake video or eating hot dogs under 10 minutes, it’s very tongue-in-cheek, but how is that going to affect me in five years, 10 years, will I be able to get opportunities if that video is still out there? And I am OK with that, I think every time I put a video out I do it in a way that I think is fun, and that’s something I’m able to accept.” Spiranac added that when it comes to her content, much of which has gone viral, she isn’t “ashamed” of what’s out there. “My parents see all of my content, all of my friends and family see all of my content, it’s nothing that I’m ashamed of or scared of,” she said. “I always try to think ahead and how each decision is going to affect my future and my plans and that’s kind of the thought process that goes around with all of my content and the decision to not do OnlyFans.”