Summer has its pros and cons. And though we love the dreamy warm weather and outdoor get-togethers, it’s not always a thrill to have to dig out our swimsuits, shorts, and tank tops if we’re not feeling great about our bodies. If you want to feel better about your body during this season of minimal clothing, we’ve rounded up six super simple ways to lose some weight before Labor Day and stay fit well beyond the flurry of pool parties. We’ve all heard of the dreaded water weight. It’s typically the first kind of weight we lose when we go on a crash diet. But what if you could try to take it off and keep it off? Dr. Kate Huether, an MD with a master’s degree in nutrition, shared some easy tips to ditch this particular weight with Eat This, Not That. Her first tip? Drink more water. Though it sounds crazy, one way to target water weight is to make sure you’re well hydrated and your body isn’t retaining water. Other ways to ditch the water weight include eating non-processed foods and upping your protein intake, while lowering your carbs and sodium. Dr. Huether noted that implementing this can lead to quick, simple weight loss. “Most people will lose four to twelve pounds by doing this for one week. Combining with at least 30 minutes of exercise per day will lead to fast 10 pound weight loss,” the doctor shared. But first, coffee! If that’s the adage in your home and you have weight to lose, it might be time to reevaluate how you take your morning (or afternoon!) cup. If you’re one of the many coffee lovers who turn to sugar, cream, milk or fancy flavored syrups, we have some bad news. Taking your coffee black can save you around 500 calories a week. A recent study by Public Health discovered that those adding items to their coffee cup ups the calories 1,280%. Adjusting to this new way to drink coffee is a super easy way to cut major calories out of your daily diet without skimping on any meals. Snackers, listen up. Around 60% of the time turning to food when we think we’re peckish could actually be solved by drinking some water. Yep, a study in the journal of Physiology & Behavior revealed that the same part of our brain controls both hunger and thirst, so the signal is easily mistaken. Carrying around a water bottle and first trying to hydrate is a super simple way to feel fuller, while also ensuring you are staying well-hydrated. Extra green points if you tote around a reusable water bottle! There’s a reason eggs are a go-to breakfast cuisine. It’s because they keep you full! And the fuller you feel, the fewer calories you’ll end up consuming throughout the day. Like the water weight ditching tip previously suggested, adding protein to your diet is a great idea. Making eggs a part of your morning routine is an easy way to do that. Aside from providing you much-needed protein, eggs are also packed with healthy additions like amino acids, antioxidants, and healthy fat. And speaking of incorporating eggs into your routine… In most areas, planning is the key to success. It’s no different for your diet. And if eating healthy doesn’t come naturally to you, there’s an app for that. mDiet gives you the guidance and tips that you need, providing an easy meal plan to follow and giving you actionable steps to make it happen on your smartphone, computer or Apple Watch. Don’t count calories or get obsessed with eating labels. Just let this app plot your meals and provide you with a grocery list so all you have to do is shop. Their meal plan recommendations come from clinical experts, and a five-year subscription is currently on sale for a fraction of the price hiring a nutritionist would cost. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-oWxhUiwyM?feature=oembed&w=525&h=394%5D This one makes sense, and it’s pretty easy to implement. If you head to Starbucks, get a tall instead of a Venti. Not only will it save you money, it saves you a lot of calories. Just making this little change can save you, on average, 150 calories every time you stop by your favorite coffee joint. It doesn’t just apply to fun drinks, but food too. Opting for smaller portion sizes when available cuts down on your daily calories in an easy, manageable way. Elisa Zied, the author of “Younger Next Week,” told Eat This, Not That that it’s “one of the keys to long-term and sustainable weight loss.” Ordering a smaller portion is great when you’re out, but curious how to implement this at home? One easy way is downsizing your dishes. Yes, by buying smaller plates you actually can trick your brain into thinking it’s eating more calories as you look at a full (but smaller) plate at meal time. Prices subject to change.