The California man who allegedly showed up at Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s home Wednesday with a small arsenal and an intent to kill him found the judge’s address online, federal prosecutors said. Nicholas John Roske, 26, told police that he “began thinking about how to give his life purpose and decided that he would kill the Supreme Court Justice after finding the Justice’s Montgomery County address on the Internet,” court documents allege. Roske said he was angry over the leaked Supreme Court draft opinion expected to overturn Roe v. Wade and the school shooting in Uvalde, Texas that left 19 students and two teachers dead, according to the probable cause affidavit. Photos of Kavanaugh’s house were widely shared by the media after pro-choice activists staged demonstrations outside of his and other conservative justices’ homes to protest the leaked draft opinion, which suggested they intend to scrap the landmark 1973 ruling legalizing abortion. Some activists shared Kavanaugh’s address online and encouraged protestors to demonstrate outside of his home. The location is also easily accessible from a quick Google search and can be found on modern-day Whitepage websites like Radaris. Kavanaugh’s address is also available in public housing records and has been shared on social media numerous times since the justice was nominated to the court by former President Donald Trump in 2018. His confirmation hearings that September was marred by protests, with dozens of demonstrators arrested over the four days. Shortly after Politico reported the leaked draft opinion, the pro-abortion group Ruth Sent Us posted a map on their website showing the apparent addresses of the six conservative justices on the bench – John Roberts, Samuel Alito, Neil Gorsuch, Amy Coney-Barrett, Clarence Thomas and Kavanaugh, archives of the website posted to Wayback Machine show. The content was later removed, archives show. The group wrote on Twitter Wednesday that it was not to blame for Roske’s alleged plan and said they are “committed to non-violence.” “Fundamentalists will talk non-stop about how our peaceful protests inspired this, rather than the daily mass-murders in America,” the group wrote on Twitter. “We offer our thoughts & prayers to Brett & Ashley Kavanaugh after a California man arrived by taxi near their home, armed with a gun & knife, then called the police on himself to confess his murderous rage against the abusive alcoholic ‘Justice’. “We didn’t send him.” Court documents don’t provide details about where online Roske found Kavanaugh’s address. Roske was charged with one count of attempting to murder or kidnap a US judge. He could face up to 20 years behind bars if convicted. During his initial appearance in federal court in Greenbelt, Maryland, Wednesday afternoon, Roske hesitated as he responded to a series of routine questions posed by US Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan. When Sullivan asked if Roske understood what was happening and if he was thinking clearly, Roske waited for a beat before answering. “I think I have a reasonable understanding, but I wouldn’t say I’m thinking clearly,” he said to the judge. He told the justice he is a college graduate and is on medication but didn’t elaborate on what kind or why. He consented to remaining in federal custody for the time being. Roske was assigned a federal public defender, Andrew Szekely, who declined to comment at the end of the 10-minute hearing. Relatives for Roske didn’t return requests for comment. His next court date was tentatively set for June 22. With Post Wires