A Mexican tourist who lost her leg after getting rammed by a runaway cab in Manhattan this week is “a fighter” who is determined to pull through, her husband told The Post. But Daniela Hernandez, 32, has a long road to recovery ahead, her family conceded Thursday. “Daniela’s on heavy painkillers,” her husband, Carlos Almazan, said outside the hospital. “But she’s motivated to come through this. “She’s a fighter,” Almazan said. Hernandez had her leg amputated after the horrific mishap Tuesday, just hours before she was due to return to San Luis Potosi after a Big Apple jaunt with girlfriends. Doctors at Bellevue Hospital are now racing to save her other leg as her family tries to comfort the married mother of two — and are waiting for the swelling to go down so they can operate on her remaining leg to try to save it. Almazan said the doctors estimate she’ll remain at the hospital for another three weeks. “It was the girls’ last day in the city before they went home,” her mother, Lucia Garate Gomez, said inside the hospital. “She was in the wrong place in a crazy city where anyone can have a license,” Gomez said. “I don’t know how we are going to deal with it and we have to stay here for I don’t know how long. We can’t. It’s not a friendly city. I don’t know what we are going to do. “She has more surgeries to come. She has bruises all over and cuts and things. She’s in a lot of pain,” she added. “We really need to find a way to help her emotionally and physically, but also we need to find a way to stay here. “Sometimes I want to think that I’m dreaming,” she said. “That it’s not happening. That someone is going to tell me that it’s wrong, that it was not true. That it’s not happening.” Gomez said her daughter never lost consciousness and “saw everything.” “She really wants to find the guy who helped her out and find him,” she said. “We don’t know who he was. She’s always been conscious.” Footage from the scene of the crash on Broadway between 28th and 29th streets shows hordes of good Samaritans rushing to the scene to free pedestrians pinned under the cab. Police said another woman suffered severe fractures to her leg, another victim suffered a broken left arm and fractured ribs, and others suffered bruises. A source close to the family told The Post this week that many of the well-to-do homemaker’s friends returned to Mexico from the city outing earlier on Tuesday. Hernandez was due to leave that afternoon after some last-minute shopping. News of the tragic crash has struck Hernandez’s hometown hard, the source said. “Here, the community is very much affected by this tragedy,” he said. “Everyone is very sad. They want to know if there will be justice.” He said there is “incredulity” in the injured woman’s Central Mexico hometown that the driver, identified by police as Khan Zahangir, has not been charged in the crash. “It’s very strange,” he said, and asked why Zahangir “is not even in custody.” Police said Zahangir remained at the scene following the crash that injured six. The Post reported this week that his cab had racked up 18 road violations since 2019, but it is unclear if he was behind the wheel for any of those, police said. Additional reporting by Tina Moore