The struggle is royal. Prince Louis certainly played up his antics for the camera during Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee last weekend. So much so that he was giving royal photographer Chris Jackson a hard time snapping the young royal during the festivities. The 4-year-old was quite the superstar during celebrations to commemorate the queen’s 70 years on the throne when he made plenty of funny faces during various events. On his Instagram Stories, Jackson — who has photographed the British royal family for over two decades — admitted that he had a difficult time shooting Louis because he was too busy cackling to take a good photo. “I was struggling to keep the camera still as I was chuckling whilst taking these photos, what a character,” he wrote, according to Hello! Magazine. “Thanks to everyone for all your comments and kind messages over the last few days. Above all thanks for following,” he added. Louis’ shenanigans were a hit throughout the four-day party, starting with the flyover on June 2 at Buckingham Palace when he was spotted covering his ears and making cheeky faces. During the event, Louis’ parents, Prince William and Kate Middleton, attempted to soothe and distract him from the noisy planes soaring over the balcony. The monarch, 96, even chatted with her great-grandson as well as watching him go a little nutty at the event. Louis was the center of attention once again at Sunday’s parade. The tot hammed it up for photographers when he stuck out his tongue and wiggled his face. He later sat on his grandfather Prince Charles’ lap so the latter could try to gauge his interest in the bash. In some circles, the little prince’s moods have even begged the question: Is he a spoiled brat or just a normal 4-year-old? Kaitlin Soulé, a licensed family and marriage therapist in California and the author of “A Little Less of a Hot Mess: The Modern Mom’s Guide to Growth & Evolution,” told The Post that Louis’ mannerisms were “completely normal and developmentally appropriate. “With children around his age, part of their developmental task is to push boundaries and figure out how to be in the world. And they can’t do that without pushing boundaries,” she explained. “They are really learning from us and they are mimicking our behavior, and I am sure he’s been shushed plenty of times. They truly learn from our behavior.”