Don’t delay, daddy-o. Since Father’s Day doesn’t land on the same date each year, it may be easy to forget about, or push off shopping until the last minute. Perhaps work has been busy or time has flown by — maybe you’re prone to procrastination — whatever the reason for your late shopping expedition, we’ve got you covered. We would never want to forget about dear old dad or grandpa, uncle, godfather or any father-figure in your life. To honor them all, we have compiled a list of the best gifts that also happen to have the shortest shipping times or none at all, should you be reading this the night before June 19 and need a virtual gift ASAP. Read on for a list of the best Father’s Day gifts for 2022, including both physical and digital presents that honors the day of the dad. Okay, a gift card isn’t the most creative, but it probably is exactly what he wants this year. Especially from Amazon, as the gifting options are endless and he can treat himself to whatever his heart desires. Listen up. If dad doesn’t have AirPods yet, you should fix that. Especially since Walmart has these 3rd Generation AirPods in stock and on sale. The best part is that they ship super fast and can be finances at only $14/month. The way to his heart is through his stomach, by way of Goldbelly food. Order his favorites with Goldbelly and their curated Father’s Day Shop, with options from burgers to nachos and cake to boozy ice cream. Gifts can ship as soon as the next day, perfect for last-minute gifting. You can totally teach an old(er) dog new tricks. Give the gift of continuous learning with Masterclass. Once set up, he can take any sort of classes, from bartending to singing to writing and everything in between. If he likes to fiddle around with plants, here is a great gift. UrbanStems has a whole array of great plants and flowers that dad will love, plus some other gifting bundles that makes last-minute gifting a breeze. If your dad loves to drink beer, this one is perfect. Sold at Uncommon Goods, the gift set includes a pop-up beer table with cupholders, beer foaming stones and an adorable Beer Adventure Vest kooszie. The best part is you can choose your shipping speed, the fastest being Express for one to two business days. Spice things up this Father’s Day with a hot sauce subscription he’ll love. The Fuego Box subscription is sold at Food52 and ships quarterly, making for a great last minute gift — all gift orders come with a free printable note and then your order will ship five business days later. Let your dad choose his own Always Pan or Perfect Pot this year, with a gift card to Our Place. The coveted cookware comes in too many colors to choose yourself, so let him pick and you get all the credit. Relax, knowing his gift is on the way. Get him the gift of muscle relief with the Theragun Mini. We reviewed and loved it, so we think anyone will love it as a great gift. It comes with free shipping and a 60-day return policy, making it an easy gift, too. Cheers to all the dads this year. Celebrate with a gift card to ReserveBar so he can pick out his favorite spirit or try a new brand of booze he was been wanting to sample. It can be mailed or email, should you really need it last-minute. If he loves to grill, here is a great gifting idea. ButcherBox has curated a special Father’s Day Box just for the occasion, with NY Strip steaks, burgers, ribs, sausage and bacon inside. The box comes with free shipping and can get to your door ASAP with shipping options at checkout. There really is nothing like sharing a memory with travel. Take dad somewhere fun this year for Father’s Day, which is also a great last-minute plan. Check out Viator and book an experience in your city from NYC to Chicago, or travel somewhere he has always wanted to go and make sure to pack it full of activities. If he wants to go even farther, book a family or couples vacation with jetBlue Vacations. This is a great last-minute gift, as you can print off the itinerary and travel whenever works for you, booking the best Father’s Day surprise he will get this year. Keep his coffee hot or beverages cold with the Ember Temperature Control Smart Mug. Since it is sold on Amazon, it qualifies for super fast Prime one-day delivery, making for a speedy and toasty gift. Baked by Melissa, gifted by you. Send dad some of the yummiest, bite-sized cupcakes in the game, with an array of flavors to choose from. They ship super fast, can be scheduled for a specific date and even have same-day delivery for those in Manhattan. It’s okay to tease him a bit, even on Father’s Day. This adorable joke book is great for those who are a fan of dad jokes, honoring the man of the hour. They are sold on Uncommon Goods, where you can take advantage of their one-to-two day shipping if need be. If dad is a gamer, check out this cloud gaming service from Amazon. The service is actually free with Amazon Prime, but you can add on some of his favorites with subscriptions to different gaming channels, including from Jackbox Games ($4.99/month) and Ubisoft ($17.99/month.) Dog dads count, too. Get your pup’s papa a gift with a subscription to BarkBox. The boxes come stuffed with toys, treats and more, all following a cute monthly theme to keep both Fido and father on their toes. Treat dad to a cooking class of his choice with the pros at Sur la Table. They offer both in-person and virtual classes, should you opt to stay home and cook or attend at a local store. Browse and book classes here and then surprise dad with an apron and a fun day to come. One of the best parts of Father’s Day is having a home-cooked meal all together as a family. Make the most of the holiday with HelloFresh, as they have some delicious add-on offerings through their Market page. Once a subscriber, head to the weeks of June 11 and June 18 to see the options, including a Father’s Day Snack Board, lobster, steak, potato salad and more. This gift smells like a winner. Give dad a subscription to Scentbird, where he can get a new luxury cologne each month, delivered right to his door. It carries both cologne and perfume, spanning designers from Prada to Bulgari and everything in between. Give the gift of comfy loungewear he can pick out himself with a gift card to Lahgo. The brand makes stunning washable silk pajamas, as well as joggers and other must-haves for home. Make sure dad stays plugged in with this charging station for all of his device. Since the wireless docking station is sold on Amazon, you can take advantage of the Prime shipping, too. Even if dad’s name isn’t Harry or David, he is sure to love a gift basket from them. Check out their dedicated page for Father’s Day, with bestselling options that include meat, cheese, fruit and even ice cream. Cheers, Dad! Celebrate by sending a bottle right to him, no matter where he lives. This is a great last-minute gift when you can’t celebrate in person, or send it to their home and then come over to cheers in person. Give the gift of unlimited streaming from all his favorite channels. The Disney+ bundle comes with both Hulu and ESPN+ so he can watch sports, movies, TV and more with just one subscription package. Don’t sleep on Father’s Day. Keep him awake with a super cool coffee subscription from Bean Box. The best part is that they have a section just for last-minute gifting, with options available to ship within one to three day of ordering. When in doubt, the best present comes from the heart. Pick up a card from Target and then tell dad why he means so much to you. Treat dad’s feet this holiday with a gift card to Wolverine. This is a great gift for the outdoor dad, or the baseball lover with the new limited-edition Wolverine x Rawlings boot, honoring craftsmanship and baseball. What time is it? Its dad’s favorite holiday with Watch Gang. This subscription service is great for gifting, as you can simply send him the digital gift card, which then allows dad to pick out his own heavily-discounted watches of choice, plus be entered to win Rolex and TAG Heuer watches with weekly entries for the duration of your subscription. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.