Spending mommy and daddy’s money makes professional “stay-at-home-daughter” Roma Abdesselam’s world go round. And the hedonistic New Yorker’s extravagant shopping sprees — which include dropping over $50,000 in one day at Bergdorfs Goodman — have social media spiraling. “I’ve turned spending [my parents’] money as a stay-at-home daughter into a job, and that’s been very, very fun for me,” a giggling Abdesselam, 26, who lives in the chic Flatiron District, told The Post. She declined to reveal what her mother and father do for a living but mentioned that they have cut her off, financially, due to overspending  — but their cash bans never last long. Viral videos of her shelling out thousands on lux finery from Gucci, Dior, Chanel and Prada have amassed over 15 million views on TikTok. But haters be damned; She says her posts are meant to display her “self-deprecating, satirical” sense of humor. And when Abdesselam — who, prior to the pandemic, planned to launch a skincare line, but hasn’t maintained work in the past two years —  isn’t spending a small fortune on Haute handbags and dresses, she’s charging costly Pilates classes, facials, feasts at Cipriani or Zero Bond and excursions to Saint Tropez and Mykonos to her parents’ Amex Black cards. “Every day I wake up in the morning, have breakfast, go to a [$600] workout class and go shopping with my girlfriends at Bergdorf’s,” she added. “And that’s my life being unemployed.” In a recently trending clip titled “Stay-at-home-daughter: What I spend in a day pt. 3,” Abdesselam gave her more than 629,000 digital followers a glimpse into her “manic” self-indulgence. “I had to spend $600 on new eyebrows,” brags Abdesselam at the top of her post. “After getting my eyebrows done I went to a bar to get drunk before I went shopping.” She then shared a series of receipts, showing off the loads of dough she spent on clothes, cosmetics and late-night snacks. “I went to Cos Bar and picked up some of my favorite perfumes and skin care products,” she bragged. “At Cos Bar, I spent $1,353.38.” Abdesselam went on to blow $2,221 on threads at Zimmerman, $2,774.28 on lingerie at Agent Provocateur and another $2,264.81 on high-end garb from Intermix. And before her day was done, she forked over $100 for a semi-private session with Sara Brooks Pilates and treated herself to $12 in cookies and snack cakes from a bodega. In total, Abdesselam binged a whopping $9,326. And her splurge left TikTok admirers salivating. “[Do you] need a bestie girl??? Don’t even want anything i just want to first hand witness this LMAOOO,” commented an amazed audience member. “Are your parents looking to adopt another daughter?” joked another. But Abdesselam’s assured The Post that she doesn’t burn through over $9,000 every day — sometimes she spends way more. “Some days I spend $50,000,” she confessed. “I often get tricked by sales associates who’ll say something like, ‘Oh, this is the last Chanel Exotic [leather bag].’ And I’m like, ‘Oh my god, I have to all these Exotics. I need them,’” she added with a chuckle. But, to some social media viewers, her frivolous spending isn’t a laughing matter. “You could pay off one year of my student loans [with] that [amount] and its not even funny,” scoffed an offended onlooker. “So [how] much do you spend helping your community and those in need,” questioned another. But, her gullible impulse-buying aside, Abdesselam  — who’s now making an income by posting advertisements and sponsored brand deals for beauty and fashion brands on TikTok — selflessly donates money to education-based charities around the world. “I’m very passionate about a school in Israel that teaches Palestinian and Israeli kids Arabic and Hebrew together,” she said. “I also do charity work with a school in Jamaica.” And when it comes to cyber critics who shame her for her lavish stay-at-home-daughter lifestyle, Abdesselam says: “I don’t really care what you think. “At the end of the day, the [haters] are just very insecure, and would never say anything to my face.”