She’s not keeping up with real royalty. Kim Kardashian was snubbed from official VIP events to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II, according to reports — but the reality TV royalty’s team insists she “didn’t even ask to go.” “Kim Kardashian wanted tickets for her and Pete Davidson to attend Trooping the Colour,” a source told The Sun of the official parade Thursday that celebrated the queen’s record 70 years on the throne. “The Queen’s birthday parade was the hottest ticket in town … But they were turned down as all the tickets had gone to family members of servicemen and military VIPs,” said the insider, whom The Sun described as “an impeccably-placed source.” “There are some tickets you just can’t buy,” the source said, insisting that the royal family does not “need American reality TV stars.” “The biggest celebrities in the world are already there — the British Royal Family,” the insider said. The 41-year-old reality star — who has been photographed in London this week with 28-year-old lover Davidson — was “politely” turned down by the UK’s Ministry of Defense, The Sun said. She then suffered similar humiliation while trying to get tickets for Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday — even after saying she didn’t mind if they were “not VIP,” another source told the Daily Mail. Kardashian and her “Saturday Night Live” beau were turned down by both the Palace as well as the BBC, which is broadcasting the show, the UK paper said. However, Kim’s rep denied the reports, telling Page Six that she was only in London to support Davidson. “Pete was working on a secret project in London and Kim was there to support him,” the rep said, adding that she flew back to LA before the celebrations kicked off for a “planned photoshoot” — so she couldn’t have attended anyway. “Kim had a cover shoot back in LA yesterday that was planned a long time ago,” the rep told Page Six. The rep insisted that the reality TV royalty “didn’t even ask to go.” A rep for Davidson also told Page Six there is “no truth” to the Platinum Jubilee report.