Nietzche, an afflicted Libra and closet romantic, wrote, “There is always some madness in love. But there is always, also, some method in madness.” No couple proves the madness, unlikely methods or mystery of modern love quite like Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott. The reality starlet and fake billionaire has been the on-again, off-again lover of the controversial American rapper since meeting in 2017 at Coachella. Despite their rollercoaster relationship, the couple have weathered the astro storm and are now the proud parents of Stormi Webster and the baby formerly known as Wolf. In service of the stars and public interest we are comparing the birth charts of these two to glean insight into the attraction, friction, chemistry and chaos betwixt them. Born August 10, 1997 Kylie is a regal Leo sun with a powerful Scorpio moon and an empire building Capricorn ascendant. Travis Scott was born Jacques Webster, Jr. in Houston, Texas on April 30, 1992 making him a bull god Taurus sun with an infernal Aries moon. By all accounts the couple first connected in the arid landscape of designer drugs, crochet crop tops and face glitter that was Coachella 2017. A vibe was felt, a wave was crested and their second date essentially became Kylie joining Travis on the road in support of his album “Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight.”  As Jenner told GQ, “I really jumped on the bus. And then we rode off into the sunset. I did the whole tour with him.” This kind of Bonnie and Clyde, ride or die from the get go energy is emblematic of a lovestruck Leo and a let’s stick together Taurus. A true expression of fixed astrological energies combining and holding fast in the express lane to love. What a time, kids. The break neck pace of their bond was furthered by the birth of daughter Stormi, born just ten months after the couple began dating. Leo and Taurus are both varying degrees of true romantics, the sort that kind find the magic in the mundane. As Kylie recalls, “We would just be in Cleveland, walking the street for hours. We would go on walks, and no one would bother us.” Cleveland, y’all. You heard it here first, romance can reign anywhere. Add to this that the pair look really, really good together. Whether tastefully nude, dressed down or to the nines or wearing each other’s clothes or each other on their clothes, they stun. The fact that they are often spotted in loungewear is a testament to the decadent nature of their respective sun signs and indicative of the comfort they find with and through the other. You don’t wear sweats with someone you hate. Prior to dating Travis, Kylie was in a high profile romance with Tyga, a Scorpio sun/Leo moon that shares children with Blac Chyna, the unapologetic Taurus and litigious former flame of Kylie’s half brother Rob Kardashian. Travis was previously linked to Rihanna and Dascha Polanco. True to her Leo sun and Scorpio moon, Kylie’s polished presence  belies some serious goth s**t, consider the photoshoot for her collab with Freddy Kruger and the fact that our girl’s favorite color is black and she’s a homebody who prefers a matte lip. Scorpio is synonymous with power and Kylie has it in spades and dollar signs, as the alleged richest member of a very wealthy clan. Speaking of her empire, Kylie explained to GQ, “The reason I got into makeup is it’s all about making yourself feel better.” Truly, there is  no more apropos application (pun intended) of a Leo sun/Scorpio moon than a makeup mogul, followed shortly thereafter by the adjacent profession of mortician or possibly war photographer. These two signs conspire to transfix and transform and we see them at work in the ways Kylie gets rich and in the way she curates and cloaks her public image. A 2019 profile of Travis opens with the following, ‘”Let me get that blunt.” Travis Scott pokes his head out from the backseat of his silver Bentley.” Blunts and Bentleys and someone else stationed behind the wheel of your obscenely expensive car while you make demands from the cushioned back seat? This, friends, is Taurus energy distilled. Taurus rules the second house of values and valuables and the people of the bull are known to like the finer things in life and things in general. We see this expressed in Travis’s generosity, lavishing Kylie with a Ferrari as a cool $1.4 million “push present” after giving birth to bebe Stormi. Taurus rules the throat and natives have healthy, bordering on aggressive appetite for sex, snacks and luxury items. In true Taurus fashion, when put to a knowledge quiz, Travis couldn’t name all four of Kylie’s dogs but could correctly identify her bodily markings and exact pizza order and also saluted her peanut butter and jelly making skills. Foods and nudes, the call sign of the Taurus contingent. Travis’s moon in Aries suggests he was born with the weight of a warrior that has seen much, suffered more, and survived all. It seems that Travis feels the fire of his moon sign as his nickname/artistic alias is La Flame. Those with this placement come into the world believing they will have to fight and thus peace or the suggestion of it is unfamiliar territory. This energy makes for motivated, impassioned people that struggle to surrender to tenderness or to take pause. There is an isolationist tendency to this moon, a lone wolf/warrior touchstone that Travis described to fellow poet Nas as, “I feel like I was a kid who was just by myself, alone in my mind all the time. I always had this, like, deep, just floating consciousness.”Creating a family and responding to the needs and simple vibrations of their children is akin to medicine for those with this lunar placement, a balm and bonds Travis seems fortified by. Taurus and Leo are both fixed signs, meaning natives are equal parts steadfast and stubborn. Kylie’ sun in Leo squares Travis’s sun in Taurus, an aspect that lends itself to both common ground and serious friction. As Kylie revealed to Scott during their interview for Playboy Magazine’s Pleasure Issue, “We think the same and have the same goals and passions in life. Besides the fact that we have good chemistry, we have a lot of fun together. You’re my best friend. Through all the ups and downs that every relationship has, we evolve together through them and keep getting stronger.” While there is great synergy between two signs that share a modality, there is also great potential for grit and discord. As astrologer Bil Tierney notes in his book “All Around the Zodiac: Exploring Astrology’s Twelve Signs,” “Squaring fixed signs resist altering themselves to accommodate one another. They don’t like giving in to demands, and thus power struggles and impasses can ensue. Pressure can build. Yet the tremendous resources bottled up in these signs need purposeful release, so life brings on forceful, uncompromising conditions that make this fixed group finally bend and yield to one other.” Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kylie and Travis have certainly fallen victim to power struggles, separating in 2019 amid differences and rumors of infidelity. Circling back to square signs being bound together by forceful, uncompromising circumstances, the tragedy of his 2021’s Astroworld Festival, in which eleven attendees were killed, was devastating to Travis. In the aftermath of the festival and the critical fallout that ensued, he turned to Kylie as a source of emotional support. Taureans like Travis are notoriously slow to react, preferring to dig into their own proverbial earth before preparing a purposeful and productive reply and or apology. Though this resistance to speak out initially garnered Travis criticism it seems the long term reflection has been in service of a more meaningful response, mainly his Project HEAL initiative which aims to make public events safer. We can also view the aforementioned, binding “forceful, uncompromising conditions” that have brought and kept them together as the pregnancies and births of their two Aquarius babies. Their children becoming the means by which the lion and the bull are able, at last, to bend and yield to one another. We love to see it folks and despite being hyper confidential about their children, the couple shared compilation videos released after their respective births. Entitled “To Our Daughter” and “To Our Son,” the footage reveals tender moments between the parents and their extended families, offering the world at large a glimpse of their most intimate moments. In the video for “To Our Daughter,” Kylie’s nearest and dearest attest that she was born to be a mom, having envisioned herself in the role since her teen years, suggesting that this fierce Leo was not an unprepared young mother but an actualized lion stepping into a long desired role. In the vein of life bringing and baby raising, the maternal style of a Leo mom is fierce, playful and geared towards ensuring their children have whatever they themselves lacked. There is a momma lion vibe here that indicates Kylie sees Stormi as an extension of herself and an opportunity to reparent her own inner child. It tracks that a Leo mom like Kylie would describe Stormi as the best dressed person she knows. To learn more about how your zodiac sign influences your parenting, click here. For his part, Travis seems to revere  Kylie’s powerful parenting, posting two pictures of her and Stormi on Instagram on Mother’s Day 2021 with the caption “Of all the special things in life The big ones and small A mamas love and rage and tenderness is the most special of them all.” In terms of expressing their love for each other, Kylie and Travis are similarly intentional. Despite breakups and makeups remaining unwed the two ride or dies, reconciled through reproducing together, routinely refer to one another as “wifey” and “hubby” indicating that their union, though not legally binding, is held in high esteem by both. Within and beyond words, there is an inherent  decadence to both Leo and Taurus. Taurus rules the second house of values and possessions and Leo rules the fifth house of the inner child, a recipe for indulgence and excess if ever there was one. We see the love of the fine, fun and the fancy free in Kylie’s choice to rent out an entire Six-Flags amusement park in honor of Travis’s birthday in 2018. Both Leo and Taurus are represented by warm blooded animals and thus the pair appreciate creature comforts and the pleasures of the earthly plane. Add to this the presence of fire in Kylie’s sun sign and Travis’s moon and you have a recipe for love and the long game. Intenitonality, intensity and commitment to each other, their progeny and the pursuit of good times and glad rags are the binding astrological agent in this relationship. The fact that both seem to lean on gift giving as their primary love language is also helpful as they give and receive in equal, lavish fashion. Keep on, keeping on you two, with your own brand of maddening, baby making, scene stealing, sweatsuited love. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.