Peter Navarro, a former top trade adviser to the Trump administration, has been indicted on two charges of contempt of Congress after he failed to comply with a subpoena from the House select committee investigating last year’s Capitol riot. The Justice Department announced the indictment on Friday, three days after Navarro sued the committee in a bid to quash the subpoena. Navarro faces one contempt count for failing to appear for a deposition and another for failing to produce documents requested by the committee. The FBI arrested Navarro, 72, Friday morning and he was scheduled to make his initial appearance at the federal court in Washington, DC at 2:30 pm. The former Trump aide faces a minimum of 30 days and maximum of one year in jail, as well as a fine of up to $100,000 with each charge. In his lawsuit this week, Navarro claimed President Biden overstepped his authority and that Democrats are weaponizing the committee to punish former President Donald Trump and his allies. “Repeated abuses by partisans and political score settlers like those on the Committee have institutionalized a partisan weaponization of Congress’ investigatory powers that now threatens the delicate balance and separation of powers between the legislative, judicial, and executive branches of our government,” Navarro says in the court document, initially obtained by Politico. However, his complaint was quickly struck down by US District Judge Randolph Moss who found Navarro’s suit confusing. “It is unclear from Plaintiff’s complaint, however, whether all or only some of his claims for relief are ‘in connection with’ matters purportedly occurring before a grand jury,” Moss wrote Thursday. Navarro must refile the suit on or before June 17. The committee first issued a subpoena to Navarro in February over his alleged involvement in a scheme to stop the certification of the 2020 election results. At the time, committee chairman Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) pointed to public comments the former Trump aide made about the plan in the aftermath of the 2020 presidential election — specifically in Navarro’s own book “In Trump Time” and in a December interview with The Daily Beast. Navarro is the second Trump ally to be indicted on contempt of Congress charges in the course of the select committee’s investigation. Steve Bannon was indicted last November by a federal grand jury on two counts of contempt after he also refused to respond to a House subpoena. Several other former Trump staffers could also face indictment for ignoring the subpoenas, including former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows. In January of this year, the House voted largely along party lines to recommend that Meadows be charged with contempt of Congress. However, he has not yet been indicted and it is unclear whether the DOJ will pursue the matter.