A daddy-daughter duo from Long Island allegedly used the promise of Girls Scout cookies to scam people out of money. The unidentified man, accompanied by his daughter, sparked an investigation into the cookie caper after nearly a dozen residents complained about the scout’s swindle, according to the Suffolk County Police Department. “I was bamboozled,” Shirley resident Christina Malinchak told CBS 2. “I got scammed and it’s a shame.” At least 11 residents said they gave them money to buy Girl Scout cookies — but never received the Thin Mints or Trefoils they desired. Reports of the no-show cookies were spread across several Long Island towns, police said. “During some of the incidents, the money was given to a male adult accompanied by a female child and in others, it was a female child alone,” Suffolk police said in a statement. “More than half of the reports made were for documentation purposes only.” Another possible victim, Patchogue resident Kevin Zasowski told ABC 7 he bought cookies from a girl who was about 5 or 6 after she approached him at his home. He gave her $20 for four boxes while the man, who he said was the girl’s father, stayed on the street. “It’s not the money. It’s not the cookies. It’s what this gentleman is teaching his daughter,” Zasowski told ABC 7. “A life of crime — The real victim is that little girl.” The Girl Scouts Council of Suffolk County said they would give boxes of cookies to anyone who might’ve been tricked. “The Girl Scout Council of Suffolk County was saddened to learn that somebody would use the inherent good will of the Girl Scouts to take money from their neighbors under false pretenses,” the chapter said in a statement to CBS 2. “We are working with law enforcement and would encourage anyone who believes they were a victim of this scam to contact the Suffolk County police to file a report. “Our product sales department will provide cookies to anybody who placed a bogus order, because nothing is more disappointing than not getting your girl scout cookies!”