A top Kremlin propagandist suggested on Russian state TV that Moscow should teach Germany a lesson again, after the European country’s culture minister jokingly told Russia “f–k you.” Russia-1 presenter Vladimir Solovyov, who has been dubbed “Putin’s Voice,” launched into an unhinged tirade directed at Germany Tuesday in response to Culture Minister Claudia Roth’s off-color comments. Roth was visiting the Ukrainian port city of Odessa Tuesday when she was presented by her Ukrainian counterpart, Oleksandr Tkachenko, with two stamps commemorating the sinking of the Russian Black Sea fleet flagship Moskva. One of the stamps depicted a soldier raising his middle finger — an apparent reference to the heroic Ukrainian border guard who famously radioed, “Russian warship, go f–k yourself” when the Moskva trained its guns on Snake Island on the first day of the invasion on Feb. 24. “This is Russia,” Roth said, displaying one of the stamps to a photographer, “and this is ‘f–k you.'” As everyone chuckled, a smiling Roth tried to tweak her message, saying: “F–k you, ship.” After playing the video of Roth’s remarks for his audience, Solovyov accused the culture minister of deliberately insulting Russia while “pretending that she is translating what’s written on the stamp.” He added: “On the stamp the writing was about the Russia warship, but she told all of us to f–k off.” President Vladimir Putin’s hardline mouthpiece said that after this outburst on Roth’s part, there is “nothing further to discuss” with Germany’s government, which he claimed was filled with “idiots, scoundrels, cads and rascals.” Solovyov, addressing his guests in the Moscow studio, then unleashed a saber-rattling rant, in which he made references to Russia’s deadly clash with Nazi Germany during World War II. “What are we to do now?” he inquired. “Are we to once again shake the dust off Teutonic graves with the powerful march of Soviet boots? Otherwise, they will never understand?” Before continuing his tirade, the pro-Kremlin anchorman adopted a cartoonish, over-the-top German accent, saying that Germans think they can do whatever they want. “At first, they send their Panzers to the east, which soon will once again trample Russia soil!” On his primetime talk show, “Evening with Vladimir Solovyov,” the Putin crony frequently invokes World War II, which is par for the course given the Kremlin’s unsubstantiated and widely rejected claim that it had attacked Ukraine to “denazify” the country. 