It started with a tweet, roughly seven years ago. Daniel Marks can’t recall who posted it — he’s still trying to track the person down — but the subject matter is what’s important. After one season in particular, Marks — the Milwaukee Bucks manager of prospect information — revealed that the Yankees collected their unused hotel toiletries and donated them to a veterans shelter. “That’s a really cool idea,” the New Jersey native thought then. Several years later, a similar endeavor has become Marks’ passion project, with an initiative called “Scouting and Scavenging.” On Wednesday, with Marks leading the way, members of the local college basketball community are coming together to give back with the third annual “Scavenging Day of Service” in which teams will donate a few hundred pounds of hotel toiletries to the less fortunate. The event, run in conjunction with a Newark food relief program spearheaded by the office of Mayor Ras Baraka, will be held Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. in Newark, on the corner of Bergen Avenue and Springfield Avenue. Seton Hall women’s coach Tony Bozzella, NJIT men’s coach Brian Kennedy, Princeton men’s coach Mitch Henderson and St. John’s director of basketball operations Chris Huey, along with assistants from other programs in the area will be on hand to distribute toiletries. While scouting a 2019 G League showcase, Marks began to think more about giving back. He was always traveling, and thought back to that tweet. He reached out to people in the industry and received strong feedback. “I wanted to find a way to get these hygiene supplies into the hands of people that really needed them,” said Marks, a former Vanderbilt basketball team manager who has been with the Bucks for the past nine years in a variety of roles. This year, “Scouting and Scavenging” is operating a bit differently. Marks encouraged teams to go out on their own, feeling it had more of an impact than them just sending him the supplies they had saved up. “We had over 120 teams participate this year in some capacity, whether staff members were collecting, whether it was player-led,” he said. “It’s really been cool to see how much it’s grown. I think the beauty of it is in the simplicity. You don’t need to spend a lot of time thinking about it. When you check out of a hotel room, you grab whatever you don’t use and you store it in a box. At the end of the season, you donate it.” This is a busy time of year for Marks. He just wrapped up the NBA Draft and soon he will head out to Las Vegas for the NBA Summer League. But this is a vital part of his year, something he takes particular pride in. “I think for me, you can get so caught up in sports, whether you’re on the media side, whether you’re on the coaching side, whether you’re on the playing side, about getting ahead and what’s the next job and I got to get the next scoop or I got to watch the next scouting video, and you get get so consumed by the profession because it’s not a standard 9-to-5, Monday-to-Friday job for anyone working in sports for the most part,” Marks said. “I wanted to find a way to give back, use my platform working for a team like the Bucks to help others. This has kind of become that for me. It’s really important to me. For some people, it might give them the resources to shower for two weeks because they don’t have the means to buy a $5 bottle of shampoo.” For more information on “Scouting and Scavenging,” you can follow the organization on Twitter at @scoutscavenge.