A prominent Brooklyn criminal-defense attorney was busted for breaking his son’s gaming laptop, but claimed it was cops who were wrong for “assaulting” his parental rights. Tor Ekeland, 52, says his constitutional and civil rights were violated when two detectives charged him with criminal mischief for the January 2021 incident, in which his 13-year-old son allegedly lied about doing homework on the device — prompting the angry dad to throw it on the ground and stomp on it, according to a lawsuit. The divorced father of two, who had bought the laptop for the boy, spent $7,000 on tutors and “substantial time with his son to help him with school,” he said in a Brooklyn Federal Court lawsuit against the NYPD detectives who arrested him, Pelocka Binns and  Edwin Exilhomme. Ekeland, who has nearly 15,000 Twitter followers and is known for repping infamous computer hacker Andrew “Weev” Auernheimer, was arrested in March 2021 on a criminal mischief charge after his ex-wife called cops two weeks after the incident. The officers refused to give him a desk appearance ticket, which would have allowed Ekeland to return to court at a later date, he said in the litigation. He wound up spending 26 hours in a holding cell at Brooklyn criminal court awaiting arraignment, stuck in “a small, poorly ventilated room with close to one dozen other arrestees — their vaccine statuses unknown — in the middle of an historic pandemic.” The lawyer said he “had never been more humiliated in a courtroom, an arena where Mr. Ekeland is held in high regard” than during his arraignment. By July, the case was dismissed, he said. The detectives were “recklessly and deliberately indifferent to the truth” and had no probable cause to arrest him, insists Ekeland, who is seeking unspecified damages. The arrest was an “injustice” and Ekeland “looks forward to his day in court,” attorney Phillip C. Hamilton said. “For any parent familiar with raising teenagers in this era of excessive screen time, what happened to Mr. Ekeland is an absolute travesty that should never happen in a society that fundamentally honors, values, and respects parental rights,” Hamilton added. Exilhomme did not return messages seeking comment. Binns could not be reached.