The Rangers didn’t hold a series lead during either of their first two playoff matchups this postseason, but they do now — and over the reigning back-to-back Stanley Cup champions. In another complete team effort that featured their holy trinity for a win — the power play, scoring from the top six and goalie Igor Shesterkin — the Rangers ran away with a convincing 6-2 victory over the Lightning in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Final on Wednesday night at a jam-packed Madison Square Garden. Tampa Bay may have been rusty after wrapping up its second-round series sweep of the Panthers more than a week ago, and Rangers head coach Gerard Gallant said that certainly made a difference. But the Rangers still hung six goals (double the amount Florida scored in that entire four-game series), two by Filip Chytil, on Lightning star goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy to tie their playoff-high in a single contest. “We’ve kind of taken the mentality of worrying about ourselves and our group,” Jacob Trouba said before the game. “We’ve got a little bit of new life here.” And did they flourish. The fans crowded into the Garden just couldn’t help themselves. By the sixth and final goal, chants of “Igor’s better!” rang through the arena. And Shesterkin was better in this one, recording 37 saves in comparison to Vasilevskiy’s 28. But for all the concern surrounding the club’s inexperience and the overwhelming presence of youth in every crevice of the lineup heading into the playoffs, it’s those previously untested players who have been the most consistent for the Rangers this postseason. The youngsters carried it over and played a major role in putting Tampa Bay away in the series opener. The Rangers strung together a strong second period behind the Kid Line and two goals from Chytil, who now has five in the past three games and seven in these playoffs. His linemates, Alexis Lafreniere and Kaapo Kakko, assisted on the Czech center’s first tally, when Kakko fed Chytil from behind the net for the 3-2 lead just over halfway through the middle frame. With his line still buzzing and hemming the Lightning in their zone, Chytil was set up by second-year defenseman K’Andre Miller for a one-timer from down on one knee, just over 5 ½ minutes later. On the 4-2 score, every single Rangers skater on the ice was 24 or younger. Chytil, Kakko and Lafreniere have combined for 10 goals this postseason, but it’s the way they’ve driven play and the energy that exudes from their competitiveness that has been a game-changer for the Rangers. To say the kids are all right is becoming a bit of an understatement. “They’re just a joy to watch, to be honest,” said Artemi Panarin, who gave the Rangers a three-goal lead 30 seconds into the third period while scoring off the rush. Added Mika Zibanejad, whose power-play goal from his sweet-spot in the left circle capped the scoring on the night: “I’m really impressed. We need everyone and the way they’ve been playing, they’ve been coming up big for us. It is fun to see.” The Rangers were opportunistic as the Lightning worked to get their legs back underneath them. Scoring just over a minute into the game, Zibanejad faked the shot on a two-on-one rush before dishing to Chris Kreider, who scored the 33rd playoff goal of his career, which moved him within one of Rangers legend Rod Gilbert’s franchise record. It was the scoring surge from the baby Blueshirts, however, that proved to be the difference. If it continues, the Rangers’ chances of knocking off the most dominant team in the NHL would increase significantly. “Take it one game at a time,” said Frank Vatrano, who chipped in a goal in the second period, of the Rangers’ approach to playing with their first series lead of the postseason. “They’re a good team over there. We can’t let our foot off the throttle. We just have to keep playing one shift at a time, one game at a time, stick to our game plan.”