Mayor Eric Adams visited just three homeless shelters despite pledging to make unannounced inspections at facilities in the scandal-scarred system, The Post has learned. And only one of those surprise drop-ins is on the books, as is mandated by the state, records show. Facing a mounting homeless crisis and a Post exposé of the filthy, dangerous conditions at  city-run or funded shelters, Adams vowed a crackdown on March 10 and then later claimed to have visited five facilities, one in each borough. The facilities are required to report the unannounced visits to the state’s shelter watchdog. An Adams spokesman insisted that two unexpected visits — which were not documented in records obtained by The Post — came on the same day in March in the Bronx. “Mayor Adams has made multiple visits to shelters and intake centers across the five boroughs in the middle of the night and during daytime hours, and has visited homeless encampments and subway stations since the early months of his administration,” City Hall press secretary Fabien Levy said in a statement when pressed on the discrepancy in trips the mayor claimed to have made. “As the mayor has repeatedly said, every New Yorker deserves a safe, clean place to rest their head at night,” he added. None of the three visits were at any of the infamous facilities highlighted by The Post — which triggered Adams’ initial promise of spot inspections. “I’m going to visit some of those sites,” Adams told reporters on March 10. “I’m going to do some pop-up visits. Unacceptable and we have to do better.” “I don’t want people sleeping on the side of the roads. As I drove up here, I saw people having encampments on the side of the road,” he added. “That’s an indictment. We have to do better.” Advocates for the city’s indigent assailed Adams for not delivering on his promise, which the mayor made in response to widespread criticisms of his orders to conduct sweeps of encampments in stations and on the streets. “If Mayor Adams was really visiting shelters frequently, he would see why so many homeless New Yorkers instead sleep on the streets or in the subways,” said Jacquelyn Simone, a top official at the Coalition for the Homeless. Regulations require city shelter operators to notify both the city Department of Homeless Services and state Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance “immediately” whenever there is “[u]nscheduled on-site presence of press or elected official.” Only one such report was filed with OTDA between when Adams first made the commitment on March 10 and April 20, the date the request for the records was made under the Freedom of Information Law. It shows Adams visited a shelter in East Harlem on 125th Street on March 26 for “approximately” 16 minutes around dinner time. The mayor arrived at 6:24 p.m. and the report stated that Adams asked the staff questions as he walked through the kitchen, TV room and the computer room. He posed for a picture with staffers before leaving at 6:40 p.m., the report said. City Hall claimed the March 26 stop was actually Adams’ second unannounced visit to a shelter and provided previously unreleased photos that a spokesman said showed the mayor touring another facility in the Bronx on March 17. Levy also pointed to a contemporaneous tweet sent on March 17 from Adams’ official account that showed the mayor visiting a Bronx processing center. The three visits stand in sharp contrast to Adams portraying himself as taking the homeless crisis seriously. “That’s why I went out to visit my shelters. I wanted to see the product,” he said on MSNBC’s show “Morning Joe” on April 8. “I didn’t announce I was coming. In the middle of the night, I show up and I said, ‘I want to walk through the shelter. I want to see the product that you’re serving New Yorkers.’” A week earlier, Adams emphasized the importance of doing unscheduled inspections of the embattled shelter system. “I’m doing these spot checks. I’m not stating that I’m coming, because I don’t want people putting their best foot forward,” Adams told reporters on March 29. He added that the city’s neediest could take comfort in what he had found. “I’m seeing clean housing for people where they’re able to get meals, they’re able to take showers,” he said. At the time, he said he had visited five shelters — one in each borough. City Hall declined repeated requests to clarify the discrepancy between Adams’ statements and what the documents show. In March, The Post revealed allegations from residents of city-run or funded shelters of rampant violence, theft, rodent infestations and failure to provide basic sanitary products. “I’m going to visit some of those sites,” Adams said, asking the reporter to come up to him after the press conference and provide the locations of the sites highlighted by the story. “I’ll speak with you after so you can identify some of those locations for me and I’m going to do some pop-up visits,” he said at the time.