On draft night, Leon Rose was ridiculed and criticized for trading out of the first round. Less than a week later, he has the Knicks positioned to land their No. 1 free-agent target. Amid reports Tuesday that the Knicks had emerged as the heavy favorite to land Jalen Brunson, they created enough space under the salary cap to offer him a max contract by unloading veterans Alec Burks and Nerlens Noel to the Pistons along with two future second-round picks and cash, a source confirmed. The Knicks now have over $30 million in cap space, enough to offer Brunson a max contract of four years in excess of $100 million. Even before the moves, word had spread that Brunson signing with the Knicks was inevitable, that Dallas has become resigned to the notion of losing the valuable guard. Mavericks beat writer Tim Cato of The Athletic tweeted it is “seen as a certainty.” The Mavericks are willing to give Brunson a five-year deal in the ballpark of the four-year, $85 million deal Raptors guard Fred VanVleet signed in 2020, ESPN reported. Brunson declined a four-year, $55.5 million contract from Dallas after the trade deadline. Barring a change, Brunson would be making at least an extra $5 million per year if he took what is expected to be the Knicks offer. “I think he would come to the Knicks if that’s the case,” said a source close to Brunson, who has known him since college. “It would be tough to turn down.” The Knicks began to clear money on draft night by trading the No. 11 pick and sending Kemba Walker to the Pistons, creating roughly $14 million of cap space. They dumped even more money Tuesday by sending away Burks and Noel, who are due to make a combined $19.2 million. The Knicks can create an additional $5.1 million of cap space by letting go of center Taj Gibson. Amid all these moves, they still own 11 first-round picks over the next seven years and have yet to trade any of their young players, assets who could be used to make another major move down the road. Spurs guard Dejounte Murray is one name that has been reported as a possibility, on top of Brunson, with San Antonio in full rebuild mode. Brunson’s ties to the Knicks are plentiful. Rose, the team president, is Brunson’s former agent, and Rose’s son, Sam, is his current rep. The Knicks recently hired his father, Rick Brunson, to join coach Tom Thibodeau’s staff. Jalen Brunson also knows Thibodeau and guard Derrick Rose well, from his time growing up in Illinois when both were with the Bulls and Rick was an assistant under Thibodeau. In fact, Derrick Rose was a mentor for a young Brunson, his high school coach Pat Ambrose has told The Post. On top of all those bonds, Brunson grew up in southern New Jersey until the sixth grade and still owns a home on the Jersey Shore. He returned to the Northeast for college at Villanova. Brunson, 25, is coming off a season in which he averaged career-highs of 16.3 points, 4.8 assists and 3.9 rebounds while shooting a robust 50.2 percent from the field after becoming a full-time starter in December. The former second-round pick was even better in the postseason — posting 21.6 points, 4.6 rebounds and 3.7 assists. He played at his best in the first round when star teammate Luka Doncic was injured, scoring 41 and 31 points in a pair of victories over the Jazz. Brunson has won at every level. He helped Villanova win two national championships, contributed to the Mavericks’ run to the Western finals this year and was a McDonald’s All-American in high school. He led Team USA’s U-19 team to the World Cup title in 2015 and was the MVP of that tournament. The source close to Brunson believes it is important for the Knicks to lay out a detailed plan of how they will become a contender if Brunson joins them. That means everyone — front office, coaches, players — being aligned with one mission in mind. Brunson, the source said, will create a pros-and-cons list when it comes time to make a decision. “The Knicks will have to present a detailed plan of how to create a winning culture,” the source said. “He’s very calculated. He’ll do what he thinks is best for his long-term career. Winning is extremely important to him. He wants to be in an organization where excelling is valued, around guys in the locker room buying into the same thing he’s buying into.”