Believe it or not, they’re all full of air. Nearly six in 10 Americans say they’ve got what it takes to become an action movie star. But actors such as Liam Neeson shouldn’t be taken by these numbers just yet. This 57% of 2,000 US residents surveyed admit they would need to undergo special training before honing their very particular set of skills. Despite the likely rocky road to Hollywood, over a third of respondents feel like they’re “Gonna Fly Now” as action movies are “huge influences on their fitness goals.” Another 57% of the bravehearts said they would feel more motivated upon finishing a high intensity flick than before. Still, nearly half are saying ‘oh no’ to being Rambo. That 47% would rather take their believed acrobatic prowess to TV game shows like “Wipeout.” The research also found that a vast majority of these Jackie Chan jokesters dislike staying completely focused while apparently training for the silver screen. Only 22% of the fitness die hards keep their eyes fully on the prize — with 13% never listening to music — while two in five prefer a distraction at the gym and 19% “always” need one, , South West News Service reported. But it’s not quite judgment day for these terminators as they fall into good company. A high majority hit their personal point break with some tunes: 71% will listen to music during workouts — while two thirds make their own playlists and one third will bump each time they break a sweat — whereas 56% turn to audiobooks and 55% play video games. Rock and pop were found to be the two most popular genres at 29% apiece. Just below was rap and R&B at 25% each. Musical theater and movie soundtracks were in the danger zone at 17%. In spite of that, 34% said they select workout songs that remind them of scenes from movies or TV while they’re running up that hill. Many also sync their tracks to a lift as 68% said they work out in time to the song they’re listening to — 62% will play the same one on repeat. Of the near 166 dirty dozens surveyed by OnePoll on behalf of Alpha Lion, the 37% who said they lived “completely active” lives were found to be “very satisfied” as people, whereas the bottom 10% with “completely sedentary” lifestyles were found more likely to be “very dissatisfied.” These were the most popular exercises and playlists found.