Golf tournaments are always tough to predict, but this week’s PGA TOUR event could prove to be an even more cumbersome handicap than usual, given the circumstances. And it’s not just because of all the off-the-links turmoil with players defecting to play on the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Tour. But also because this week’s RBC Canadian Open takes place a week before a Major Championship (which always throws things into flux because of motivation, etc.) and is being played on an unfamiliar, unique course. St. George’s Golf and Country Club in Toronto has hosted this event six previous times, but only one of those tournaments (2010) took place in the last 50 years. And that tournament took place the week after The Open Championship, so it featured a weak field. St. George’s is a short, difficult course that is set to play as a par 70 at just over 7,000 yards. That kind of set up should open up the field a bit and allow some underdogs the opportunity to contend in a field that features only a few elite players. Here are a few longshots that are worth a sprinkle up north: Every time the TOUR heads to a short course, C.T. Pan becomes live. But this time around, there are more reasons to believe in Pan’s upside than just course fit. The native of Taipei has made the cut seven tournaments in a row and in nine of his last 10 starts. Pan hasn’t threatened to win any of those events, but he finished T15 at the Wells Fargo a month ago and was T29 at the Mexico Open a week before that. Pan isn’t the type of player who will wow anybody with his skill set, but at a short, difficult course, he’s got the game to hang around and perhaps sneak out a win on Sunday. While a punt on Pan is about his ability to grind out results, a flutter on Cameron Champ is a talent play. The 26-year-old is known for his length off the tee, which may sound counter-intuitive at a short course, but his ceiling is high enough that he’s always worth consideration at a price like this — especially in a weak field. If Champ is dialed in off the tee, he could overpower this track and put himself in some terrific scoring opportunities if he gets his short game to behave. Champ has finished inside the top-10 in two of his last five starts, but he’s also missed seven of 13 cuts this season. In other words, this is a classic high-risk, high-reward bet on a longshot.  Like Pan, Tyler Duncan is the type of player who can find himself in contention on shorter courses. He’s not a long hitter, but Duncan is accurate off the tee and is a decent iron player, which could set him up for birdie opportunities if everything is clicking. Duncan is a threat to MC, but he’s made seven cuts in his last nine full-field events and has finished inside the top-25 on four occasions in that span.