To thine own self, say “I do.” Indian woman Kshama Bindu, 24, plans to marry herself in what she believes could be the country’s first ever example of sologamy. But the solo-mate’s unorthodox arrangement has come under fire online, as many critics accuse her of seeking attention. “I never wanted to get married. But I did want to become a bride. So I decided to marry myself,” she told Times of India in June 2 report. Her solo affair is slated to be ordained on June 11. And while there won’t be a groom, the solo-bration will feature many Hindu nuptial customs including pheras (rounds) around a holy fire, wedding vows, and a vermillion bridal gown. “At one point in my life, I realized that I don’t require a prince charming because I am my own queen,” said Kshama, a social media expert in the private sector, in a statement to Press Trust of India, via NDTV.com, on Friday. “I will dress up like a bride, take part in rituals, my friends will attend my wedding and then I will come back to my house instead of going with the groom,” said Kshama, whose even planned to embark on a two-week honeymoon to Goa following her big day. Kshama believes that she’ll be setting a marital milestone with her act of self-love. “Maybe I am the first to set an example of self-love in our country,” the soon-to-be self wedded spouse told TOI. While her solo venture may seem sacrilegious, the trailblazing bride argues that “self-marriage is a commitment to be there for yourself and unconditional love for one-self” — because no one can love her better than she can. “It is also an act of self-acceptance,” the sologamist added. “People marry someone they love. I love myself and hence this wedding.” Kshama’s unconventional choice didn’t sit well with some on social media, calling it a desperate ploy to gain online clout. “If someone is so self sufficient and want to break the stereotype.. what’s the point of marrying to oneself,” wondered one detractor on Twitter. “Break the marriage stereotype too.. But I guess then you won’t be able to make it to the news..all in the name of modernisation and publicity.” “Stop doing s–t just for attention,” shot another on Instagram, per Indian news source Sayajee Infotainment. Not everyone objected to this uni-union. “This is amazing more power to you,” fawned one fan on Instagram. Another wrote, “So proud of you mam very good inventive.” Her self-interested move was described as ingenious by one who noted that she’ll also avoid any potential “legal issues of divorce,” such as “separation, dowry, etc.” Kshama says that her ultimate goal is to portray that “women matter” in Indian society, TOI reported. “I have observed that unlike in the west, self marriages are not popular in India,” she told the Press Trust Of India. “Hence, I have decided to start this trend and inspire others. People may not like my idea. I am confident that I am doing the right thing.” Kshama said her father has given his blessing and she has penned five vows to be solemnised by a priest at her wedding. Kshama isn’t the first tie woman to tie her own knot. In September, Brazilian lingerie model Cris Galêra married herself outside of a Catholic church in São Paulo in the name of “self-love.”