This personality test can determine an individual’s flaws, which may contribute to their relationship conflicts. In order to get a better sense of your relationship weaknesses, all you have to do is take a quick glance at the black and white image. Once you’ve looked at it, the first item you noticed reveals your weaknesses. If the first thing you saw was the man between the two trees, your weakness in relationships is that your personality is always near conflict. Now that doesn’t necessarily mean you’re looking to get into problems everywhere you go. Instead, you’re fighting more within yourself. But to find real love you’ll need to first learn how to love yourself. For those that first noticed the fence in the middle of the field, that means your biggest weakness in love is your likelihood to shut down from the rest of the world. So unless you’re inclined to take a leap of faith and open your heart at some point, you might actually miss out on a real shot at love. While it’s completely typical to keep people at a distance after you’ve been hurt, if you keep a “tall wall” for too long, nobody will be able to see you for who you really are. If you saw the suspended boat and the eggs in the nest then your weakness has to do with your high expectations. In other words, nobody on this planet could ever meet your high standards when it comes to love. While it’s important not to settle for just anybody when you’re looking for that special partner, you also have to be sure you don’t create a long superficial list of qualities. If the skull first catches your attention, your leading relationship weakness comes down to feeling a ton of anxiety and fearfulness. You might tend to worry a lot but this might be detaining you from clearly seeing what’s right in front of you. And this includes any potential life partner. While it’s good to be a little guarded from time to time, you also want to make sure you’re taking chances. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.