Chafing, chub rub, or whatever nickname you have for it, when the sun is out and the thighs are rubbing, it can be game over for summer fun. Thigh chafing, or any chafing, is when skin rubs against skin, creating friction burns and bumps that can be red, itchy or even painful in the summer heat. Chafing can also lead to a condition called hidradenitis suppurativa, a fancy term for inflammation and infection of sweat glands due to rubbing or friction. This can mean many choose to ditch cute shorts, dresses, and even bathing suits and opt for pants that offer better protection between your legs. However, in the summer heat, being too covered up isn’t the best option, and no one wants to overheat at a pool party or the beach. So what should those with chafing thighs, bellies, or underarms do without sacrificing comfort or style? We may have some solutions you’ll love. Both men and women can use most of these products, including anti-chafing gels, creams and lotions. These create a barrier and a smooth surface for thighs to glide on by, applied like a deodorant stick and easy to re-apply throughout the day. We also found some lovely bands, patches and longer shorts that can do the trick, should you want an arsenal of remedies before the summer heat really sets in. Read on for the best anti-chafing products of 2022 for him, her and them, and say hello to a stress- and sweat-free summer. When you have chafing, you’ll want to stop it, STAT. Monistat Care Chafing Relief Powder Gel is an Amazon Choice product with more than 19,600 reviews and an overall rating of 4.7 stars out of five. Megababe to the rescue. This anti-friction stick can be applied before setting foot in the sun, preventing chub rub before it starts by creating a barrier between the thighs or any skin that rubs and sticks. Glide, don’t chafe. The Body Glide stick is another bestseller and an Amazon Choice product, racking up more than 30,400 reviews and counting. It has an average 4.6-star rating and comes in a single stick or a two-pack in various sizes to last through the summer. We know chafing is natural, so it’s no surprise if you want your remedy to be, too. The Zone Naturals Chub Rub stick is great for thigh rubbing and skin soothing, formulated with coconut oil and shea butter for a moisturizing finish. Stick it to chub rub — literally. These patches are a great way to prevent rubbing and rashes without having to deal with lotions or gels. Peel and stick where skin touches and enjoy the rest of your day while you keep the chafe away. Don’t sweat it — spray it. This anti-chafing spray is perfect for athletes and beach-goers alike. It is super simple to apply and re-apply throughout the day, made like an aerosol sunscreen to target harder-to-reach areas, and mess-free. Goodbye garters, hello Bandelettes. These cute lace bands stay put, right on your thighs, protecting the skin as they swish easily past each other. They are sold on Amazon and come in various colors to match skin tones and outfits for a seamless look. Say “Hallelujah” to these Spanx Ahhh-lleluja shorts. They are made with a seamless design to lay inconspicuously under your clothing, both smoothing any lumps and bumps and, more importantly, staying in place on your legs to prevent chafing. We’ll keep this short, because this is a great one for men. The Under Armour compression shorts are long enough to cover the inner thighs completely and protect against chafing fully. They can be layered under other workout shorts or even pants when you need a little extra compression and protection. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.  