Authorities are looking for troubled “Jackass” star Bam Margera after he bailed on his latest rehab stint, according to a Delray Beach police report. The Florida rehab’s manager reported the pro skateboarder missing on Monday, TMZ reported, after the star allegedly expressed his dissatisfaction with the venue’s services and “restrictions.” The 42-year-old has completed nearly a year of treatment for his high-profile substance abuse issues — and his friends and family are reportedly working hard to get him back into the Sunshine State facility. Meanwhile, Margera’s latest social media post on Instagram features a hopeful photo caption: “MMA fighter, chiropractor and ten years sober Dominick, is my new AA sponsor.#f–KYeah.” The police report noted that Margera told the rehab manager he planned on checking himself into a different rehab center in the Florida area before making his exit in a black sedan. According to the manager, Margera was there under a court order, so rehab staffers were worried that he appeared to have left without authorization. However, they also stressed that he did not appear to be a danger to himself or others. TMZ reported that local cops have been searching for Margera for two days to no avail. However, sources close to the “impulsive” stunt performer told the outlet he is staying at a sober living facility after getting into an argument with his wife, Nicole Boyd, who filed for custody of their now-4-year-old son, Phoenix, in September 2021, but did not request a divorce. The Post has reached out to the star’s reps for comment. Margera claimed he was fired from “Jackass 4” in February 2021 — days after announcing he was seeking treatment for mental health issues — when he violated his contractual agreement by testing positive for Adderall, a drug he claimed the team “knew full well” he had been taking for a decade to treat attention deficit disorder. The agreement, which he signed without a lawyer, required Margera to undergo multiple scheduled and unscheduled daily drug tests and take prescription medications. If he did not comply, he would be cut from the cast. He filed the suit in August 2021, claiming he had been forced to sign a “wellness agreement” during a 2019 rehab stint in order to star in the 2022 movie “Jackass Forever.” “Paramount’s inhumane treatment of Margera cannot be countenanced,” his lawsuit read. “Margera was made to endure psychological torture in the form of a sham Wellness Agreement, and then ultimately terminated for his protected class status due to his mental condition, and his complaints about Defendants’ discriminatory conduct towards him.” In April, Margera settled his heated wrongful termination lawsuit against Johnny Knoxville and the “Jackass” team. Margera filed court documents to dismiss the case and reportedly negotiated a private settlement with producers Knoxville, Spike Jonze and Jeffrey Tremaine, as well as Paramount Pictures, MTV, Dickhouse Entertainment and Gorilla Flicks. Meanwhile, Margera broke his wrist and elbow in a May skateboarding accident at Hobbit Skate Park in Delray Beach — and TMZ reported he blamed rehab staffers for not setting up his physical therapy appointments.