The Warriors are anticipating a fiery performance from Steph Curry in Game 6, after the point guard went 0-for-9 from 3 in Monday’s Game 5 win against the Celtics. “Whether Steph gets 43, 10 and four, or whether he finishes with 16 on 7-for-22 shooting, a win is a win,” teammate Draymond Green said after the Warriors beat the Celtics 104-94 to take a 3-2 series lead. “He was 0-for-9 from 3. He’s going to be livid going into Game 6, and that’s exactly what we need.” Curry’s all-time streak of 233 consecutive total games — and 132 playoff games — with a made 3-pointer came to an end in Game 5 of the NBA Finals on Monday night at Chase Center — and he wasn’t thrilled about it. “Of course it bothers me as a shooter,” said Curry, who finished the night with 16 points and eight assists. “You want to impact the game that way. But thankfully that’s not the only thing that you do out there on the court.” The All-NBA point guard said “there’s a fire burning” after Game 5, despite being satisfied that the Warriors won the pivotal matchup. “Obviously, track record says I shoot the ball better the next game. Looking forward to that bounce-back,” Curry said about Game 6, which takes place in Boston on Thursday night. Since 2013, Curry has had only nine games in which he failed to hit a 3-pointer, according to ESPN. The last time Curry did not make a 3 in a game was on Nov. 8, 2018, against the Milwaukee Bucks. “Keep shooting,” Curry said of his mentality after a performance like he had in Game 5. “Very simple. Like there’s never — I’m not afraid to go 0-for-whatever because I’m going to keep shooting and taking shots that you normally feel like you can make. And I’ve responded well when I’ve had games like that from the 3-point line. “But I’ve never — I don’t think I’ve ever been happier after a 0-for-whatever type of night, just knowing the context of the game, the other ways you tried to impact the game and the fact that you had four guys step up in meaningful ways to help us win offensively.” Curry and the Warriors have a chance to close out the series in Boston on Thursday night, to win their fourth title in eight years. If needed, Game 7 will be played in the Bay Area.