Washington Commanders owner Daniel Snyder conducted a “shadow investigation” to interfere with the NFL’s probe into alleged misconduct and sexual harassment at the team’s offices, a congressional committee revealed Wednesday. The House Committee on Oversight and Reform released a memo detailing the findings of its eight-month probe into how the team and the NFL handled the allegations. Snyder’s lawyers used his shadow investigation to create a 100-slide dossier on the alleged victims who had made “credible public accusations of harassment” against the team, the committee’s report said. The report also said Snyder and his lawyers sent private investigators to the homes of ex-cheerleaders and allegedly offered them “hush money” to stop them cooperating with the NFL’s probe. The memo was released head of an 11 a.m. committee hearing during which NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell testified remotely. Snyder refused to participate in the hearing, telling the committee earlier this week he would be France on business. The committee chairwoman, Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-NY), announced during the hearing that she intends to issue a subpoena to compel Snyder’s testimony next week. “Mr Snyder has not been held accountable. His refusal to testify sends a clear message that he is more concerned about protecting himself than coming clean with the American people. If the NFL is unwilling or unable to hold Mr Snyder accountable, then I am prepared to do so,” Maloney said. Earlier, during her opening statement, Maloney said Snyder had chosen to “skip town.” “That should tell you just how much respect he has for women in the workplace.” Congress had launched its investigation into the Commanders’ workplace culture in October after the NFL declined to release its findings about the independent review it had carried out on the team. Asked during Wednesday’s hearing if he would commit to releasing the findings, Goodell said: “We gave a summary report. … We made a commitment to protect their identities and we will continue to do that.” The NFL’s investigation, which resulted in the Commanders — formerly known as the Washington Redskins – being fined $10 million, was sparked by a Washington Post report in 2020 that detailed allegations from dozens of women who claimed they had been sexually harassed or verbally abused while working for the team. More allegations emerged during a roundtable discussion held by the committee in February, including accusations that Goodell helped cover up the misconduct. Six ex-employees also leveled new allegations of sexual harassment and abuse against Snyder during that roundtable, including one who said the owner instructed his video department to create a sexually suggestive video of cheerleaders exposing their private areas. Snyder, who has owned the team since 1999, called the February allegations “outright lies.” Following the Wednesday release of the panel’s report, Snyder’s spokesperson said the committee’s probe was “predetermined” from the beginning. “The committee’s decision to release a ‘report’ and introduce legislation prior to the hearing is proof-positive this was always going to be little more than a politically-charged show trial, not about uncovering the truth,” the spokesperson said. “Hopefully, the committee will utilize its resources going forward for more pressing national matters, instead of an issue a football team addressed years ago.” Early on in the hearing, Rep. Virginia Foxx (R-NC) and Rep. James Comer (R-Ky) both questioned the purpose of the panel, arguing there were more pressing issues – including inflation and baby formula and tampon shortages. “I would ask why Congress must tackle an NFL team’s workplace and not the White House … but I think we know the answer. … Our Committee’s mission is government efficiency,” Comer said. “This Committee is failing the American people,” he added.