Fans won’t have to wait too long to see Elvis Presley come back to life on screen when Baz Luhrmann’s “Elvis” hits theaters this Friday. But it’s already bringing up “generational trauma” for the late King of Rock ‘n’ Roll’s daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, and her own daughter, Riley Keough. “It was such an emotional [experience],” Lisa Marie said in a teaser for “Exclusively Elvis,” a “20/20” special airing at 10 p.m. Tuesday on ABC. “Like Riley said, it just brings up such generational trauma — in a good way. In a good way,” said Presley, 54, alongside Keough, 33. “Riley, five minutes [into the film], was already like gone — ‘I’m done.’ She was already crying and I was crying,” the mother of four continued, before “Zola” star Keough interjected: “It was really intense. As a film, it’s just an exceptional film.” “Elvis” stars Austin Butler as the legendary musician, as well as Tom Hanks as his manager, Colonel Tom Parker, plus Luke Bracey, Olivia DeJonge and Richard Roxburgh. Presley has continuously praised the forthcoming biopic, noting how the flick is “nothing short of spectacular” in an Instagram post earlier this month. “[‘Elvis’] is absolutely exquisite,” she went on. “Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully.” She also shared her wish for Butler, 30, to receive an Oscar for his performance next year. The “To Whom It May Concern” singer added that she doesn’t post much since she is and “will forever be mourning the loss” of her son, Benjamin Keough. Benjamin died by suicide in 2020 from a shotgun wound when he was just 27 years old. “Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole,” Presley wrote on social media. “It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it,” the “Dirty Laundry” crooner added. “He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it, too.”