Ghislaine Maxwell’s victims said the convicted sex trafficker’s apology “doesn’t cut it” — as her attorney pledged to appeal her 20-year sentence handed down Tuesday. Maxwell, 60, had bashed her former partner-in-crime Jeffrey Epstein as “manipulative” ahead of her sentencing in Manhattan federal court, adding she hoped her “harsh incarceration” would bring the victims closure. “I wish she was sorry when she was busy forcing me into a room to be raped. She should have been sorry then,” accuser Sarah Ramsome later told reporters outside of the courthouse. “As a matter of fact, there shouldn’t even be an apology. Rape is rape.” Ransome, 37, had given a tearful victim’s impact statement saying she endured years of mental anguish and twice tried to kill herself after months of abuse. “To force someone into a room to be raped – there’s not enough sorrys in the world. ‘I am sorry’ doesn’t cut it,” Ransome told reporters. “And as far as I’m concerned actions speak louder than words.” Elizabeth Stein, another accuser who stood alongside Ransome, admitted she had been unnerved when she heard Maxwell’s voice in the courthouse. “I kept reminding myself [Maxwell] was in front of me in shackles being sentenced and Sarah and I was were there sitting together free,” Stein told reporters. Maxwell, who was also ordered to pay a $750,000 fine, had been convicted on charges for helping pedophile financier Epstein to recruit and groom girls to sexually abuse between 1994 and 2004. Epstein, who killed himself while awaiting trial in 2019, was a “manipulative, cunning and controlling man” who “fooled all of those in his orbit,” Maxwell said prior to her sentencing. She admitted she was “guilty of helping” Epstein, who was also her former boyfriend. “To you, to you, all the victims who came in court and those outside I am sorry for the pain that you experienced,” Maxwell said. “I hope my conviction and harsh incarceration brings you closure.” Maxwell’s attorney Bobbi Sterheim pledged to appeal the decision. “I thought her statement was moving and on point,” Sternheim said after the decision, calling it a “personal and professional privilege” to have represented Maxwell. Kevin Maxwell, the fallen socialite’s brother, told reporters gathered outside of the courthouse that the family remained “solidly behind” his sister. “We have nothing to add to the very heartfelt statement that Ghislaine gave in court and nothing to add to the comments that she made to the victims and her sincere hope that the trial and the conviction will allow the victims some closure,” he said. “Ghislaine will be exercising her right to appeal. We, the family, will be solidly behind her all the way.”