Britney Spears and Madonna showed loved for each other when they reenacted their infamous MTV Video Music Awards kiss during the “I’m a Slave 4 U” singer’s wedding to Sam Asghari on Thursday at her home in Thousand Oaks, Calif. And Spears even sang “Vogue” with Madonna, Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore and more. But this diva-on-diva lovefest goes way back in the day. Here, we look back on Britney and Madonna’s five best BFF moments: Of course, Madonna and Spears famously locked lips during the opening performance of the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards while singing a medley of “Like a Virgin” and “Hollywood.” And while Christina Aguilera also got a smooch from Madge, there was definitely more, ahem, action happening between Spears and Madonna — as her perplexed ex Justin Timberlake looked on, no less. “In rehearsals, it wasn’t something like, ‘This is what we’re going to do,’ ” Spears told Rolling Stone. “She said before the performance, ‘Let’s just feel it out and see what happens.’ I didn’t know it was going to be that long and everything, but it was cool.” Then, Spears added, “Maybe she was my husband in another life.” Just weeks after their big makeout moment at the VMAs, Spears and Madonna released “Me Against the Music.” Brit fought for the divalicious dance track to be the first single from her fourth studio album, “In the Zone.” And in the video, the Material Girl proved that she could more than keep up with the younger singer. In a 2003 interview with the New York Times, Spears said: “I don’t listen to anybody. Nobody can tell me anything . . . But I do listen to Madonna. For some reason I listen to her. I know that sounds really silly.” Spears then went on to express further admiration for the Queen of Pop: “She’s a visual artist and a deep artist as well. I like the way she thinks. I wish I could be inside of her head . . . I like Madonna’s career, and what she’s done with her family.” In April 2021, Madonna took to Instagram in her Madame X guise to support the movement to free Britney with a little bit of “. . . Baby One More time.” “Love This Song……..,Love The Girl who sings it,” she wrote. Madonna, rocking a “Britney Spears”-emblazoned tank top, again showed her love for the “Toxic” singer in her Instagram Story in July 2021. “Give this woman her life back,” she wrote. “Slavery was abolished so long ago! Death to the greedy patriarchy that has been doing this to women for centuries. This is a violation of human rights! Britney we coming to get you out of jail!” In a recent Instagram Live session, Madonna revealed that she would like to go on a stadium world tour with Spears, even if the singer hasn’t performed since 2018. “Me and Britney, what bout that?” she said. “Yeah, I’m not sure she’d be into it, but it would be real.y cool. We could, like, reenact the original kiss.”