With summer officially underway, we’ve now reached the point in the MLB season where it seems like we have a pretty good idea of what the playoff picture looks like, but at the same time, there’s still plenty of time left for teams in the chasing pack to make a run. We’ve seen plenty of instances where a team catches fire during the Dog Days and pushes for — or even clinches — a playoff spot. With plenty of runways left and an extra playoff spot up for grabs, thanks to the new format, there’s a chance we see a longshot make some noise as we head into October. One team, in particular, stands out as a potential sleeper. It’s been the same story with the Los Angeles Angels for years now: The Halos are a trendy sleeper pick in the offseason and then disappoint their backers with a pedestrian regular season. It’s been seven seasons since the Angels have made the playoffs and six since they’ve finished above .500; if the season ended today, both of those streaks would continue. What’s most disappointing is that for the first month of the season, the Angels looked like they were finally going to make good on their potential. After a 27-17 start to the campaign, the Halos sat just a game behind the Astros in the American League West. The betting market took notice, as Los Angeles shortened to +2000 to win the World Series after checking into the season at +3000. Two weeks and one 14-game losing streak later, the Halos were back in a familiar spot. They trailed the Astros by 9.5 games and were watching their season slip away. Just a month after sitting at +2000 to win the World Series, the Angels are now +6000 and have a new manager. But there is still hope for this Angels team. Most importantly, there is plenty of runway for this team to get back on track. With 92 games left on the schedule, the Halos have more than enough time to erase the five-game deficit they’re facing in the Wild Card race. And the Angels have already proven they can put together the necessary stretch needed to push themselves back into contention. Additionally, the Angels are due for some positive regression. According to MLB’s expected win-loss metric, the Halos should be a couple of games over .500 and right in the thick of the Wild Card race. We know that the Angels have the talent to make a push. Mike Trout and Shohei Ohtani anchor a lineup that, even without Anthony Rendon, features a decent supporting cast. Ohtani is also the ace of a rotation that has some depth thanks to the emergence of Patrick Sandoval and decent first-half performances from Noah Syndergaard and Michael Lorenzen. It is very unlikely that the Angels win the World Series — they’re 75/1 for a reason — but it would not be a stunner to see the Halos fight their way back into the thick of the playoff race and perhaps sneak in. And that’s really all you’re asking for out of a team at this price. To put it simply: The Angels were deemed good enough one month ago to be priced at +2000, and they’re now +6000.