What is not even close? “Jeopardy!” contestant Halley Ryherd faced the wrath of Twitter Wednesday night when she mixed up popular throwback hip-hop groups. During the “Chuck D, Times 3” category of gameplay — which included prompts about 19th-century naturalist Charles Darwin and author Charles Dickens, as well as rapper Chuck D of Public Enemy — current host Mayim Bialik read the following clue: “In the 1990s, Chuck D began fighting the power in this hip-hop group with Flavor Flav, a man who always knew what time it was.” Ryherd, an attorney, quickly buzzed in, hesitantly answering, “What is the Funky Bunch?,” referring to Marky Mark’s — or Mark Wahlberg’s — hip-hop group. Remember: Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch sing 1991’s “Good Vibrations” while Public Enemy is known for 1988’s “Fight The Power.” The incorrect response cost Ryherd $600 — and a whole lot of scolding on social media. “Watching Jeopardy tonight with my Mom, and a category about Chuck D came up,” one user shared. “The question came up about what group Chuck D was in, and one lady answered the Funky Bunch, and Mom looked at me and said Public Enemy, and I said thank you for being my Mom, lol.” “Thanks to @Jeopardy you can now do a @Twitter search for “Chuck D and the Funky Bunch” and find countless posts that will leave you laughing in hysterics,” another quipped. “This person on #Jeopardy just thought Chuck D was in the funky bunch. She should get credit for being the most wrong she could possibly be,” another wrote. “Today is the day the music died,” another stated. However, Chuck D himself stuck up for the brainiac, tweeting, “Everybody don’t know everything… it’s why I introduce myself wherever I go and whoever I talk to … it’s just courtesy. But the sad thing is not knowing those other Chuck Ds.” Ryherd had some fun with the buzz-worthy blunder, too, writing, “I’ve talk to my therapist about it and I think I’m ready to forever be the person who mixed up Public Enemy and Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch on @Jeopardy. #mylegacy.” She also quote tweeted Chuck D’s tweet, writing, “You know honestly @MrChuckD was nicer about this than my in-laws are going to be at our family reunion next week.”