Grammy-winning rapper Roddy Ricch was busted with a gun and a large-capacity magazine outside the Governors Ball festival Saturday night but won’t face charges, law-enforcement sources said Sunday. The 23-year-old rapper, whose real name is Rodrick Moore, was arrested at a security checkpoint before he was set to perform at the Citi Field event, cops said. Moore and two other men were inside a 2020 black Cadillac Escalade when an employee with a private security firm hired for the Queens concert spotted a Canik 9mm under a seat inside the car at around 6:20 p.m. — just hours before the event was set to begin, according to police. Authorities also found a large-capacity magazine that contained nine rounds of ammunition, a police spokesman said. “The reason we do these checkpoints is for expressly this purpose,” an NYPD official told The Post on Sunday. “We don’t want people introducing guns in this venue.” Moore, of Los Angeles, and the two other men — Carlos Collins, 57, of New Jersey, and Michael Figueroa, 46, of Brooklyn — were all arrested for gun possession. However, the charges against Moore and Collins were dropped, according to law-enforcement sources. Figueroa, meanwhile, was arraigned on a felony charge of criminal possession of a loaded firearm in Queens Criminal Court Sunday. The Queens District Attorney’s Office declined to comment on the case. Roddy Ricch, who won a Grammy for Best Rap Performance in 2020 and has been nominated for a top music award 10 times, had been set to perform Saturday at the popular festival. He rose to fame with his 2018 single “Die Young,” which landed the rapper on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the first time. He released his first album “Please Excuse Me for Being Antisocial” — which debuted atop the Billboard 200 — a year later. His second studio album, “Live Life Fast,” was released in December 2021. Representatives for the rapper, his record label, Atlantic Records, and Founders Entertainment, the organizer of Governors Ball, did not respond to requests for comment from The Post. Additional reporting by Allie Griffin