It all started when Kendra Scott saw a white space in the natural gemstone industry. Sure, there was gorgeous stone jewelry being created day after day, but it just wasn’t affordable. That was until Scott decided to create these statement pieces herself. Flash forward to 2022, Kendra Scott the brand is celebrating their 20 year anniversary. “Those twenty years weren’t always easy — we survived a recession, the pandemic, and everything in between,” shared the American designer. “Today, the brand has grown beyond the fashion-jewelry business; and I wholeheartedly believe it is because we founded this company on the three core pillars of family, fashion and philanthropy.” Scott reflects on these past 20 years in her new book “Born To Shine: Do Good, Find Your Joy, and Build a Life You Love.” “The 20-year milestone of my company calls for reflection and gratitude, and the book felt like a natural extension in doing so,” said Scott. “It is a memoir on how the Kendra Scott brand came to be, but I hope that readers can take some of the life lessons I learned along the way and use them as inspiration for their own dreams.” Though 20 years have come and gone, the entrepreneur and the brand are still pushing forward with innovative releases, such as Kendra Scott’s first-ever engagement ring collection that launched on May 23. Now, the brand releases their 2022 summer collection full of vibrant colors, iridescent designs and tassel details. “Our 2022 summer collection is reminiscent of youthful nostalgia, incorporating textured staple pieces and color,” shared Scott. “We wanted the collection to capture the light and bright summer spirit with an elevated appeal, and our design team brought this to life by using materials such as beads, metals and one-of-a-kind stones.” Of course, we couldn’t walk away from this conversation without asking Scott about her favorite summer jewelry pieces. While she’s a “huge fan of wearing whatever gives you the most confidence,” the businesswoman definitely has some favorites. Below, find the 12 jewelry pieces designer Scott adores. Available in four various gemstones and designs, this half sun pendant is summery and gorgeous. Not only is it beautiful, but the necklace also embodies the ideal summer symbolism. “Our tagline for our summer collection is ‘Here Comes the Shine, and this pendant could not be more perfect,” said Scott. “From the sunny motif to the refreshing citrus stone, this necklace is a breath of fresh air I plan to be living in all season long.” “My favorite detail is the chain-link fringe, designed to look like sunbeams,” said Scott. “They are the perfect statement earrings to wear for a night out or to a summer wedding.” While we are just as obsessed with the chain-link fringe, our favorite part would have to be the sun ear posts, as they’re classy yet fun. Scott believes a pair of gold hoops is a must in every women’s jewelry collection, and we agree! “These are timeless and unique at the same time,” shared Scott. “When designing, we debossed our iconic filigree pattern into the metal to create an almost quilted effect that I’m in love with for summer.” Why wear one necklace when you can wear two? Better yet, wear a single necklace that looks like two! This layered necklace features the brand’s custom filigree pattern and includes an almost quilt-like texture. As Scott puts it, “It’s the perfect amount of detailing that can add a bit of flare and yet feel timeless enough to wear beyond the summer season.” “I love the Frankie Multi Strand because it does the layering for you,” said Scott. “Layering can be an art form at times, and we wanted to provide our customer with something that was easy to put together.” This set is complete with two detachable chains and a convertible toggle clasp — so go ahead and add your own necklaces too. “Summer is always for color and play,” Scott said happily, and we couldn’t agree more. “We decided to give our No. 1 bestselling Icon, The Elisa, a vibrant refresh,” Scott continued. “I’m obsessed with the bright, ombre paracord wrapped around the frame.” We also adore the beaded chain, as it sets it a part from other necklaces you may have in your collection. A triple stacked ring brought together by knotted gold? Sign us up! Scott shared that the “center pave band is set against 18K gold vermeil giving it a luxe feel.” It’s gorgeous and will sparkle with every hand wave. “This pair will always be a go-to for me,” said Scott. “I’ve worn these everywhere, from backyard weddings to the beach. “ We can see why the designer always reaches for these, as they are delicate and subtle, yet add the perfect amount of color to your accessory lineup. If you’re going to go for the above earrings, you might as well complete the look with this gold cuff bracelet! Featuring the same elegant turquoise and an open design, this bracelet is guaranteed to fit no matter your wrist size. Scott affirms this pick due to its summer compatibility. “My love of genuine Turquoise is infamous (and endless), but no time feels more appropriate to break out my collection than the summer months,” Scott said. “Paired with neutral tones or colorful sun dresses, I basically live in this cuff from June through August.” “If you’re looking to invest in 14K gold for summer, our Mila ring is perfect,” said Scott. “It’s dainty and classic enough to be an everyday piece that will last a lifetime.” If gold isn’t for you, then choose from 14K rose gold or white gold. It’s all in the details, and that’s especially true for these gold huggies. Each diamond is hand selected and placed adding gorgeous sparkle to every look. Scott suggests this pick if you’re wanting something a little more luxurious,” “timeless” and “classic.” “This pendant is truly exceptional, crafted with hand-placed pavé white diamonds that sparkle from every angle,” shared Scott. “It’s a stunning representation of what we do best: blending timeless, forever materials with original silhouettes.” Further details include custom sized diamonds and optional rose gold or yellow gold materials. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.