Game 6 of the 2022 NBA Finals tips off Thursday night (9:00 p.m. ET, ABC) with the Boston Celtics hosting the Golden State Warriors. It’s win-or-go-home time for the Celtics as a third straight loss would give way to a Warriors celebration all over the TD Garden’s parquet floor. Although Boston held a 1-0 and 2-1 lead in the series, it struggled to deliver a knockout blow. And in Game 4 and Game 5, we saw the Celtics’ inexperience become part of the storyline, as Golden State limited Boston to no more than 20 points in the fourth quarter of both games. Thus, given what I’ve seen from the Celtics of late, I want no part of them as a side. And since I already have a lean to the under for the total, I’ve put together a list of my favorite player props for Game 6. Odds provided by FanDuel Spread: GS +4 (-110) vs. BOS -4 (-110) Moneyline: GS (+142) vs. BOS (-168) Total: Over 210 (-112) | Under 210 (-108) All odds via FanDuel Smart might not be the best player on the Celtics, but he has the respect of his teammates and remains the alpha dog on the team. The Celtics point guard knows he must hold himself accountable before asking his teammates to give their all on the court. Smart has scored at least 18 points in four of the five games in this series. He’s never afraid to take the big shot, and he’s a player you can expect to be aggressive, especially with everything on the line. Look for Smart to lead by example, as this alpha dog won’t be going down without a fight on Thursday night. I don’t mind laying the juice here because Looney has exceeded this number in four of the five games in the series. Game 5 was the only time he finished under, but foul trouble limited him to just 17 minutes in the contest. I don’t foresee Looney having the same issue in back-to-back games. What intrigues me about this prop is that he’s a terrific passer for a big man. Looney has recorded at least two assists in each game and averaged three per game for the series. If he gets a couple of easy dunks at the rim, we’ll be on our way to cashing this ticket. Williams was listed as questionable for Game 5, yet he still managed to log 30 minutes in the contest. Moreover, it was his second straight game with at least 30 minutes on the court. In an interview with Chris Haynes of Yahoo Sports, Williams talked about the lengthy preparation he undergoes to be ready for the game. And according to the Celtics medical staff, he’s not at risk of further injuring his knee by continuing to play in this series. As a result, I can’t see a minutes restriction for Williams at this point for Game 6. As long as the Celtics are confident in putting him on the floor, I like him to go over his points + rebounds prop at 17.5. Williams eclipsed this number in the past three games, and his ability to stay out of foul trouble is another positive sign for those who like the over in this prop.