He was coming out in Styles. Harry Styles chalked up a major win for LGBTQ visibility this Pride month after helping an Italian fan come out as gay during a weekend concert at London’s Wembley Stadium. A video depicting the moving coming-out party is currently blowing up on Twitter. “Harry Styles helped a fan from Italy come out during tonight’s concert. Cue the tears, what an amazing moment!!!” reads the caption to one of the awe-inspiring videos. The 28-year-old Grammy winner reportedly stopped singing after spotting a fan with a cardboard sign scrawled with a message: “From Ono To Wembley: Help Me Come Out.” Needless to say, the powerful LGBTQ ally didn’t hesitate to help the man fly his rainbow flag with pride. In the clip, the “Watermelon Sugar” singer can be seen holding up the superfan’s sign for the audience as he asks the crowd, “So, you’d like the people of Wembley to bring you out?” After being met with jubilant cheers, Styles grabs a rainbow flag from the front of the stage and declares: “When this flag goes above my head, you are officially out.” “I think that’s how it works,” joked the former One Direction frontman, who plays a gay cop in the upcoming romantic drama “My Policeman.” “When this flag goes over the head, you’re officially gay, my boy.” Then, the drum roll starts and Styles begins teasing raising the flag — at one point even quipping, “Nope, still straight” while holding the LGBTQ banner below his waist. At long last, the star finally hoists the Skittles-colored standard above his head, whereupon the crowd erupts into applause. “Congratulations — you are a free man,” Styles gushes before blowing the newly out-of-the-closet man several kisses to put a stamp on the occasion. This isn’t the first time Styles has helped make someone’s LGBTQ status official. In November, the “As It Was” singer memorably used a Jumbotron to help a Wisconsin woman come out to her mom. In a similar crowd-pleasing incident this month, Styles stopped a UK concert to try and locate his first school teacher, Mrs. Vernon. “I’m going to ask a favor from you because I’d like to try and find someone in the audience,” the Brit told the 26,000 fans. “So, we’re going to get really quiet, and I’m going to see if I can locate this person if you don’t mind helping me.” “There she is,” Styles quickly exclaimed, looking up to the rafters and dropping to his knees in gratitude. “How are you?” he asked. “I hear you’re retiring.” “I’d just like to thank you for everything in those formative years, and, yeah, thank you so much. It means a lot to me that you’re here tonight,” the celeb said, causing fans to audibly swoon over his sincerity.    