Let the drinking games begin! A team of new watering holes across the five boroughs is serving more than just alcohol: They’re offering actual sporting fun. Thirsty New Yorkers can now play adults-only mini golf in Nomad, boozy cornhole in Williamsburg, “subsoccer” on a Brooklyn rooftop or bocce in Midtown — all while throwing back beers and sipping spirits. These wholesome bar activities arrive at a time when locals need them the most, said Eric Pavony, owner of cornhole haven Room N Boards. “Games, especially tactile games like cornhole, bring people together in a cheerful way, and we need that right now,” Pavony told The Post. “This summer I urge New Yorkers to go out and toss things, roll things, hit things.” “2022 is gonna be the summer of high fives and fist pumps,” he added. “It’s going to be the summer when the games came back.” Regardless of your skill level, you can’t lose by hitting up these new winning, game-themed bars. Be fore-ward thinking and tee up inside Swingers, an adults-only putt-putt paradise that just opened under Nomad’s hotly anticipated Virgin Hotel. The elaborate facilities, courtesy of a British company, have a “1920s English country golf club” vibe, three nine-hole courses, six cocktail bars, a rotation of street food vendors and a bumpin’ DJ. Caddies are on standby to bring players drinks — not clubs. Though you may not want to get too tipsy: The company warns that the challenging courses are “guaranteed to delight and frustrate in equal measure.” $22-$26. Swingers, 35 W. 29th St.; (646) 661-3509, Swingers.Club/US/Locations/NYC. Last summer, cornhole mania swept NYC, and it’s still going strong at Room N Boards, the city’s first indoor drinking space dedicated to the popular lawn game. The new Williamsburg spot can have up to three matches across six boards going on at a time. It’s already hosted tournaments for the city’s die-hard cornhole competitors and has even lured in a club pro: 24-year-old Elan Footerman, a former Skee-Ball world champion. The “all skill levels welcome” place also hosts theme nights like “cornhole karaoke.” “Cornhole deserves a rightful home in NYC,” Pavony told The Post. “Let’s face it, lugging two 4-foot slabs of plywood up a three-story walk-up is not fun. We got the boards, the bags and the beer. Just bring your buddies.” $5 for unlimited play. Room N Boards, 132 Havemeyer St.; Brooklyn, Cornhole.Club. This new outdoor game at Quality Bistro is très magnifique. The upper Midtown restaurant — known for its steaks, seafood and high-end noshes like Moroccan fried chicken with honey and lemon labneh — offers both bocce and its French variation of pétanque in a newly installed gravel court area, aptly named “Place de la Pétanque.” While the two games are similar, pétanque has some noticeable differences. Two players toss nearly baseball-sized balls, or boules, from one end of the lawn toward a smaller target ball. Whoever throws nearest wins a point in the game that typically goes to 13. The concept came by a “lemonade from lemons” scenario after Quality’s outdoor cabin area burned down from arson. Instead of rebuilding the dining station, the restaurant decided to convert it into a yard game. C’est si bon! Quality Bistro, 120 W 55th St.; (212) 433-3330, QualityBistro.com. Chelsea’s Slate made a name for itself with a basement room full of arcade games that bring out the inner kid. This month, Slate opened a rooftop location atop Williamsburg’s Pod Brooklyn Hotel that offers even more nostalgic fun: a one-of-a-kind, under-the-table soccer game. “Subsoccer” is simple. Players kick a mini ball the length of the table where they’re pounding craft beers or cocktails from Liquid Lab NYC. The edge of one’s seat is the netted goal, and the loser is encouraged to buy the next round. Slate also has tabletop games like Giant Jenga and Connect Four. And a Plinko machine is coming soon. Gamers can chow down on some beef short rib birria tacos or Philly cheesesteak empanadas to power up in between matches. Slate, top of Pod Brooklyn Hotel, 247 Metropolitan Ave., Williamsburg; (844) 763-7666, Slate-NY.com