Left-wing politicians and media figures blasted Elon Musk on Wednesday after the Tesla boss tweeted that he voted a Republican candidate for Congress and that he was “leaning” toward supporting Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis if he wins the GOP presidential nomination in 2024. Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY), who represents parts of the Bronx and Westchester County, tweeted on Wednesday: “Elon Musk is not a leader. He’s just another Republican billionaire who supports white supremacy and authoritarianism because he doesn’t want his workers to unionize or to pay his fair share in taxes.” Bowman added: “The GOP just tried to end democracy and now he’s supporting them.” Jemele Hill, the former ESPN host, tweeted: “Yet another example of people throwing that genius label around way too casually.” “EM is just another entitled, self-absorbed rich guy who really is only interested in protecting the interests of the billionaire class,” she tweeted. DeSantis praised Musk on Wednesday after the world’s richest person indicated on Twitter that he was “leaning” toward voting for the Republican if he ended up as the GOP nominee for president in 2024. DeSantis held a news conference in the Sunshine State during which he declared that he welcomed support “from African-Americans.” Musk, who is white, is originally from South Africa. The Florida governor spoke to reporters during a news conference in Tallahassee. When asked about Musk’s tweet, DeSantis replied: “So what I would say, you know, I’m focused on 2022, but with Elon Musk, what I would say is, you know, I welcome support from African-Americans. What can I say?” The quip was met with laughter from the assembled people in the room. Musk, the Tesla and SpaceX CEO, said he cast his ballot for the first Mexican-born congresswoman, Mayra Flores, who emerged victorious in Tuesday’s special election. “I voted for Mayra Flores – first time I ever voted Republican. Massive red wave in 2022,” Musk tweeted. Flores on Tuesday defeated the leading Democratic candidate for an open congressional seat in a historically blue region of South Texas. She garnered about 51% of the vote to top Dan Sanchez, who received 43% of the vote with all precincts reporting. “For over 100 years, we have been taken for granted,” she told her supporters after the win. “I will show you what real representation looks like. I will represent all people.” After revealing his vote for Flores, Musk confirmed his plans to vote for Republican hopeful DeSantis. The governor and potential presidential candidate sparked controversy after signing in March the Parental Rights in Education bill, which liberal and left-wing critics have derisively referred to as the “Don’t Say Gay” law. One fan questioned if Musk would ever consider voting for tech entrepreneur Andrew Yang. “I supported Yang last time, but DeSantis has a better chance of winning,” Musk tweeted in response. Yang dropped out of last year’s New York City mayoral race after results showed him in a distant fourth place in the Democratic primary. DeSantis is the favorite to emerge victorious in November’s re-election, which he could then use as momentum for a 2024 run. In a follow-up tweet, Musk revealed plans to create a “Super Moderate Super PAC.” After a fan asked him if his “political donations will be evenly spread out,” Musk responded on Twitter, “I’m thinking of creating a ‘Super Moderate Super PAC’ that supports candidates with centrist views from all parties.”