Since we nearly jump with glee and excitement as the Amazon Prime truck arrives in front of our front door (a few times a week if you’re anything like us), there’s nothing we anticipate more than Amazon Prime Day 2022. The annual namesake event is a testament to our shopping addiction. (Thanks, two-day Prime shipping!) Not to mention, all your favorite items — from air fryers to electric toothbrushes — are typically marked down during the retailer’s online shopping extravaganza. It’s our version of the Super Bowl, and we can’t wait to see all the slashed prices on Amazon’s site. We have the exclusive information you need to know. Bookmark this article now — like right now — so you don’t miss some of the best deals and discounts of the year. Oh, and not to worry — we’ll be updating this page as Amazon releases new information to improve your shopping experience even more. But for now, we’re raising our champagne flutes and sharing a toast to one of our favorite (and most coveted) shopping moments of the year — a shopping experience that doesn’t disappoint. Amazon Prime Day 2022 is taking place the second week of July. Traditionally, Prime Day is a two-day shopping event, so even if you miss the first day’s batch of discounts, you can still score some major deals on Day 2. There wouldn’t be an Amazon Prime Day without some Lightning Deals, either. You can’t miss the array of products on Amazon that have deals on a timer. In short, you want to add to your cart quickly before the original price comes back. Though we don’t have specific deals to share quite yet, this isn’t our first Prime Day rodeo. In other words, there has been a trend of on-sale products you can expect to see marked down. From mattresses and bed sheets to cookware sets and smart home devices to the popular Revlon One-Step blow dryer, you won’t be missing out on any item on your wishlist. Amazon Prime Day prices are practically neck and neck with Black Friday and Cyber Monday, so it’s probably a good time to snag that Keurig or Nespresso machine you’ve been eyeing. Oh, and we anticipate that outdoor patio furniture and Amazon beauty items (think: shampoos and curling irons) will also lower from their original pricing, too. From our years of experience in the world of commerce, here’s a pro tip: this is the time to pick up teeth whitening kits (Crest 3D Whitestrips are always a top-sold item on Prime Day) and DNA kits (like 23andMe and Ancestry that we reviewed). Want the sales? Sign up for your free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime to reap the benefits of this year’s Prime Day. After your first month, you’ll be billed $15 a month to take advantage of free two-day shipping and other perks should you decide not to cancel (but we know you’ll want to continue shopping in the most convenient way possible). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.