Hunter Biden began a scandalous affair with his late brother’s widow after a marriage counselor recommended that they spend time “grieving” together, his ex-wife reveals in her forthcoming memoir. Following the tragic brain cancer death of Beau Biden in May 2015, Hunter Biden began working “to set up the Beau Biden Foundation with Hallie [Biden] and his parents,” excerpts from Kathleen Buhle’s “If We Break,” published Wednesday by People magazine, reveal. “But he started spending most of his time at Hallie’s house. Our therapist told me Hunter needed to be up there, helping Hallie,” Buhle, 53, recalls. “‘But what about his sobriety?’ I asked her. ‘He needs routine. He needs to be home with us.'” The counselor, however, “held firm that being with Hallie and her kids was an important part of Hunter’s grieving,” Buhle writes. Buhle threw Hunter Biden out of their house after finding a crack pipe in an ashtray the following summer — and after his admission that he’d cheated on her with prostitutes while traveling abroad as part of his controversial overseas business dealings. In “If We Break,” set for release on June 14, Buhle also details how she learned about her husband’s illicit romance with Hallie Biden after their daughters discovered shocking text messages between them on his cellphone. Buhle says she got “the kind of call that tightens every parent’s chest” on a Sunday morning in November 2016 when middle daughter Finnegan phoned in tears while visiting their family therapist, identified as “Debbie.” After driving to Debbie’s house, “I went straight through to the sunroom and found Finnegan curled in a chair, holding a pillow while she wept,” Buhle writes. With older sister Naomi on a speakerphone, Buhle recalls, Finnegan asked Debbie to explain why she was so upset. “Debbie looked me in the eye and calmly said, ‘Kathleen, Hunter’s having an affair with Hallie,'” Buhle writes. “I could see Finnegan’s face relaxing now that the secret was out and I hadn’t fallen apart. If anything, I felt a strange vindication. Not only had I not been crazy, but it was so much worse than I could have imagined.” Page Six exclusively revealed the shocking, intra-family infidelity the following March. Hunter Biden later told The New Yorker magazine that his dad, President Joe Biden, only learned about his affair with Hallie Biden when Page Six reached out for comment. “I said, ‘Dad, Dad, you have to.’ He said, ‘Hunter, I don’t know if I should. But I’ll do whatever you want me to do,’” the scandal-scarred first son recalled. In a statement, the then-vice president told Page Six, “We are all lucky that Hunter and Hallie found each other as they were putting their lives together again after such sadness. They have mine and Jill’s full and complete support and we are happy for them.” Buhle and Hunter Biden separated in October 2015 and she later filed for divorce, accusing him of “spending extravagantly on his own interests (including drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, strip clubs, and gifts for women with whom he has sexual relations), while leaving the family with no funds to pay legitimate bills.” The case was settled in April 2017, with Buhle telling People that she’s since “forgiven him” and revealing that she was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer after their divorce but has been cancer-free for the past four years. Buhle also reportedly said she doesn’t receive alimony from Hunter Biden and has nothing to tell the federal grand jury that’s reportedly investigating the first son for possible tax evasion, money laundering and violations of lobbying laws. “Whether or not I’m questioned, I couldn’t be of any help,” she told People. “I kept my head so deeply buried in the sand on our finances.”