So you got grandma and grandpa a cell phone, but do they know how to use it? Or maybe your parents are getting older and their fall risk is increasing, but they’re not super reliable about keeping their smartphone on them. Not all of our elders are skilled at Instagram and tech-savvy, so how do we keep them safe in an emergency? Meet an updated take on the medical alert device: the LutiBand Smartwatch. This handy device serves as the next generation of medical alert devices, giving you peace of mind and keeping you connected to your loved ones without the need of a smartphone. And right now this life-saving watch is on sale for just $99.99, 41% off the usual price, for a limited time. The LutiBand is a state-of-the-art answer to your worries, embracing the most advanced technologies to keep your parents or grandparents safe. All your loved one has to do is wear the watch — it comes pre-installed with an international 4G LTE sim card that provides the highest level of call clarity, location tracking, and quick response without any need to be close or connected to a smartphone. View grandma’s location through the mobile application at any time, or create security perimeters with the geofencing feature to let you know if they might have stepped out of their usual location. The history tracking feature can be vital in an emergency, storing locations from the last 30 days and showing a path of their whereabouts in the instance of a disappearance. In the event of a fall, LutiBand can automatically notify your loved ones or be configured to make an automatic emergency services call. It also can call emergency services directly and send them to the location where help is needed anytime that is required in other scary circumstances. Biometrics sensors save vital signs like heart rate, blood pressure, and body temperature, and keep a record if that needs to be shared with emergency services. And your medical information can be stored to ensure you receive the best care quickly. Give your older loved ones extra security and yourself peace of mind with the LutiBand Smartwatch. It’s available now for just $99.99. Prices subject to change.