A 67-year-old woman was killed and her 8-year-old grandson was left clinging to life after a car trying to evade cops slammed into them in Brooklyn on Saturday night, cops and sources said. Three other people were also hospitalized in connection with the reckless rampage, which spanned five blocks and ended at the corner of Ralph Avenue and Halsey Street in Bedford-Stuyvesant around 7:10 p.m., according to police. The young victim was at Maimonides Medical Center in critical condition while three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries, officials said. The frenzy started when cops spotted a suspected stolen car with mismatched plates whose passengers appeared to be smoking marijuana, Assistant Chief Judith Harrison said during a news conference at the scene. A patrol car with three cops inside then pulled the car over at Ralph Avenue and Chauncey Street, she said. “As our police officers exited their vehicle and walked up to that vehicle on foot, that vehicle fled at an extremely high rate of speed,” Harrison said. The car rammed into a cyclist and two pedestrians at the corner of Ralph and Macon Street before hitting another pedestrian and a vehicle further up the block, according to police. One suspect was in custody and cops were looking for two passengers that fled on foot after the car crashed on Halsey Street, officials said. An impassioned Mayor Eric Adams lashed out at judges, prosecutors and politicians while blaming the tragedy on the state’s lenient bail reform policy. “A small number of bad people think they can do bad things and get out of jail because we have a bad criminal justice system,” the Democrat said, adding that he was certain the suspects should not have been on the street. “Without even know[ing] who they are, I guarantee you they have a long criminal record, I guarantee you they have a history. That’s the only thing we’re sure of,” Adams continued. “We are inviting innocent people to die in this city.” The mayor, who lives nearby on Lafayette Avenue, said the disaster was “chilling” and could have happened to anyone. “This is my community. I live blocks from here. I patronize these stores. These are my neighbors. No one deserves to walk across the street with their grandchild and to be struck.” Local residents were stunned by the senseless death and destruction. “I live right on the corner of the block and I just heard really loud screams and a crash almost. And I immediately ran out because I never heard anything like that,” a woman named Melissa told The Post. “I didn’t see it happen – I just saw a little kid on the street in front of the bodega. He was face down and he wasn’t responsive. [I saw] a woman in the middle of the block, she was completely unresponsive.” The young victim was “fighting for his life right now, he really could use your prayers,” Harrison said.