A young bodybuilder tipped for greatness has died in a motorcycle crash just hours after posting videos of his bike on Instagram. Ryeley Palfi, 19, died in the tragic smash on Wednesday and tributes have flooded in from across the bodybuilding world to the future superstar. His dad Rick confirmed his passing with posts on Facebook and Instagram, saying “words can’t even begin to explain the pain”. Ryeley was regarded as a rising star with nearly 91,000 fans on Instagram and 16,000 subscribers on Youtube. And tragically, just hours before his death Ryeley had been sharing footage of his blue and yellow motorbike. He reportedly told fans it had been raining and that roads appeared were slick before he returned home and then headed to the gym. The exact circumstances of the crash remain unclear, but his death has devastated his family, his fans, and his bodybuilding peers. He was a rising star in the classic physique discipline that is meant to be a throwback to more traditional bodybuilding shapes, and is championed by actor and bodybuilding legend Arnold Schwarzenegger. And young Canadian competitor Ryeley was tipped as a future Mr. Olympia champion in the division as he was about to turn pro. And his dad Rick said that Ryeley had been just three weeks away from his “biggest show yet”. “I can’t believe you are gone. I can’t believe I have to try and move forward with you not in my life,” he wrote on Facebook. “You touched so many lives in your almost 20 years. You had such huge dreams and goals.” “You are my hero. You will always be my superhero.” Rick also thanked everyone for their support and their kind words regarding Ryeley. “This has been the worst day of my life but with all your help it truly does help,” he added. “It makes me smile. Makes me cry. Makes me feel every emotion imaginable.” He went on: “His spirit is Iive and full of energy. He hears you all. Talk to him he’s listening.” “He is truly sorry for the hurt. He only ever wanted to help people and that he clearly did. Thank you all for the kind words.” Other tributes have been paid to Ryeley from those within the industry, including world record strongman Greg Doucette. “I just watched some of @ryeley.palfi videos yesterday and was planning a video on him,” he said. “Spoke to him in DM’s and was excited to see and cheer for him to get his IFBB pro card.” “So sad to see this, and way way too young. What a devastating accident. Condolences to his friends and family.” Las Vegas-based bodybuilder Craig Golias added “RIP brother.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.