A California city councilman says he was attacked with a hunk of concrete while hiking with his family in San Francisco — leaving him with neck injuries and a 2-inch gash to his skull. Anders Fung, a Hong Kong native representing voters in Millbrae, insists he was targeted in an unprovoked assault Saturday at Lands End in northwestern San Francisco, where two young men in hoodies allegedly tossed a concrete block at him from above. “When my family confronted the perpetrators demanding them to stop, one of them gave my family an obscene hand gesture before fleeing the crime scene,” Fung recalled on Facebook early Sunday. The councilman was rushed to a hospital in San Francisco, where doctors treated him for the nasty head gash and a cervical disc herniation to his neck. “The pain is severe but I am expected to have a full recovery,” Fung’s post continued. “As a community, public safety is paramount to our collective success. We must stand firm against all senseless violence and hate. Our people deserve a safe living environment.” US Park Police responded Saturday to the trail, but no arrests have been made as of early Monday, a spokesman told The Post. Two suspects are being sought and an investigation as to whether the attack was motivated by race or ethnicity is ongoing, Sgt. Thomas Twiname said. Doctors closed the 2-inch gash on Fung’s head with six metal stitches, he told the San Francisco Chronicle, adding that he had no doubt the attack was racially motivated. “When my wife called out, the response was this hateful obscene gesture,” Fung said without elaborating. “That’s when I realized, ‘This is not an accident, this is an attack.’” Attacks on Asian Americans have skyrocketed since the start of the coronavirus pandemic and San Francisco recorded 60 reported hate crimes against Asians and Asian-owned businesses in 2021 – or a 567% increase from the previous year, the Chronicle reported. Police in San Francisco are aware of the possible hate crime, but referred inquiries to the US Park Police since Lands End is part of the Golden National Recreation Area, according to the Chronicle. Fung said he posted images of the concrete block that struck him on Facebook to show that Asian Americans continue to be targeted in random assaults. “I know I’ll recover, but what can we do to make sure that attacks like this don’t continue?” Fung asked the Chronicle. “Being a victim is not a shame.” Fung, meanwhile, told KNTV his wounds could’ve been far worse. “Somebody could have died from this injury,” he told the station. “Many people have died from previous attacks to the AAPI community. And senseless violence and hateful acts such as this has to stop.” Fung was released from the hospital early Sunday and returned home to Millbrae, where voters in 2020 elected him as the city’s first Chinese immigrant to serve on its city council.