The layers in most mattresses break down over time, leading to poor spinal support, aches and pains, and tossing and turning. A bad mattress often makes it more difficult to fall asleep and stay asleep, leading to poor sleep quality that can affect your health. Studies connect poor sleep to increased risk of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. So a bad mattress can have lifelong effects worse than just feeling groggy during the day. If you’ve been waking up in the morning and not feeling rested, it’s time to invest in a new mattress. There is no better time to invest in a new mattress than during the Leesa Fourth of July sale. These American-made mattresses are meticulously designed for superior comfort. Leesa mattresses provide support with the hug and bounce you want from a mattress and are even GREENGUARD Gold Certified as low VOC for healthy indoor air quality, a lesser but important factor in getting restful sleep. Whether you’re a back, side or stomach sleeper, Leesa’s premium mattress supports your body in all positions and relieves pain so you can sleep soundly through the night. Plus, they are made out of sustainably sourced materials – there Hybrid mattress even uses recyclable water bottles and springs made of recycled springs. If the quality alone isn’t enough, Leesa mattresses come with free no-contact delivery, shipping within 3–5 business days, 100–night mattress trial to make sure it’s the right fit for you, and a 10–year limited warranty. And for every 10 mattresses sold, Leesa donates one to help a child or family in need. Over 20,000 sleepers rave about their Leesas, saying “I am so pleased with my Leesa mattress. Having bought a traditional mattress at a store a couple years ago and being very unhappy with it, I was nervous to try a box mattress but the ability to try risk free was reassuring. I will definitely not be returning this mattress. I’m a side and back sleeper who likes medium firmness and it’s just soft enough while still supportive. It’s incredibly comfortable, so happy with it.” “My husband and I sleep differently, but mostly side or belly. We’ve both found this very comfortable and I have slept better than I have in some time. It’s even comfortable when I fall asleep on my back while reading!” The Fourth of July sale ends July 12th. Don’t miss up to $700 select Leesa mattresses and two free down pillows! Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.