Republican Rep. Lauren Boebert threatened to take legal action against a political action committee that smeared her as a “paid escort”​ who had “two abortions” in a statement attacking the Colorado Republican. Boebert’s lawyer sent a letter to American Muckrakers PAC, which has previously targeted Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-NC), pledging to file “civil defamation” lawsuits against the organization. “Partisan organizations putting out blatantly false and disgusting accusations won’t stop me from advancing freedom and conservative values,” Boebert ​said in a statement to ​Fox News​ on Wednesday. “This group’s vile conduct demonstrates why people are fed up with politics. I am not going to stand by and pretend this is normal behavior. “This political committee, funded by far-left Democrat donors and run by two left-wing political operatives, published pages of false statements knowing they were completely fabricated,” she continued. “The law on this type of defamation is clear and this conduct will be subject to civil and criminal penalties. Attached is a letter from my attorney introducing our response to these lies.” The letter from attorney Jonathan Anderson and obtained by Fox News said the PAC published “a series of false and defamatory statements” about ​Boebert. Anderson said that while ​”Muckrakers has marketed itself as a ‘watchdog group,’ the truth is that Muckrakers is a political committee that exclusively opposes conservative candidates, is funded by established Democrat donor sources, and is managed by Democrat political operatives.” He said they have “irrefutable evidence” that the statements are “patently false” and suggested that Muckrakers aired the “outlandish” allegations even though it was aware they weren’t true because it assumed attacking a public figure “would not create legal liability.” “This will be a costly miscalculation for Muckrakers, Wheeler and Muckrakers’ donors,” ​Anderson said, referring to David Wheeler, the PAC’s co-founder. He went on to say that Wheeler’s group could face criminal charges and that he has sent letters to the attorney general of Colorado seeking an investigation into whether Wheeler knowingly made the false claims. The press release ​released Tuesday said the PAC’s team uncovered that Boebert worked as an “unlicensed, paid escort” and met clients through “SugarDaddyMeet.com.” It said an investigation showed that Boebert was hired in 2019 by a “wealthy male client in Aspen, Colorado, who was a Koch family member” and he introduced the congresswoman to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas). The release further alleged that because of her work, Boebert had abortions at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Glenwood Springs, Colo., and at a clinic in Grand Junction, Colo. ”We hope Coloradans will agree with us that Lauren Boebert doesn’t deserve to represent the voters of Colorado, but that she does deserve to be in the Colorado Hypocrite Hall of Fame,” the PAC said in the release. Wheeler told Fox News that they “stand behind” their source, and added that the “one person that can answer all of these questions is Lauren Boebert​.​” Cawthorn, a conservative firebrand who was heralded as a rising star in the Republican Party, lost his re-election bid in May after he angered his GOP colleagues by saying lawmakers had invited him to orgies and to snort cocaine. Graphic video also surfaced of Cawthorn, 26, frolicking naked in bed with another man that was leaked by American Muckrakers PAC. Fox News reported that the woman identified by the PAC in the photo on the sugar daddy website as Boebert was actually Melissa Carone, a woman who worked with Rudy Giuliani as he pushed voter fraud claims in the wake of the 2020 presidential election.