It was just plane cute. Prince Louis stole the show during Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee flyover Thursday after he was seen adorably covering his ears next to the queen — among other cute antics — as planes soared over Buckingham Palace. The 4-year-old’s adorable display occurred after the the duke and duchess of Cambridge’s youngest son joined his family on the famous balcony during the Jubilee flypast amid huge cheers from the crowd on the Mall. They were there to watch as the Royal Air Force planes roared overhead to kick off four days of celebration in honor of the queen’s Jubilee. Subsequent photos show the fun-sized royal in his sailor suit hilariously wincing and clapping his hands over his ears to block out the RAF jets’ deafening noise. This came after Louis was seen waving to the planes and even chatting to his great-grandmother, the 96-year-old monarch. At one point, her majesty even bent down to speak to the little prince, who looked up and listened attentively to her every word. Also in attendance were Prince Louis’ siblings Prince George, 8, and Princess Charlotte, 7, and their parents Prince William, 39, and Kate Middleton, 40. Before that, Princess Charlotte could be seen attempting to restrain Louis, 4, as he waved enthusiastically from a window over the Horse Guards during the Trooping the Colour parade. Needless to say, social media spectators were smitten by the cheeky little prince’s behavior. “Prince Louis is a whole mood next to the Queen when the planes go past,” gushed one fan on Twitter. Another wrote, “Prince Louis chatting to his great granny at #TroopingTheColour today is adorable!” Meanwhile, comedian Michelle Collins tweeted, “Prince Louis is the only royal id like to see land a Netflix deal.” The Platinum Jubilee marks her majesty’s 70 years on the throne — a big tribute for the longest-serving monarch. The UK will host several activities for royal supporters and her famous family to celebrate. Britain’s BBC is partnering with ABC to broadcast all the events in the US, while other American news channels, including NBC, will also cover the festivities. Check out The Post’s handy guide to watching the four-day celebration in its entirety.