Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson still has nice things to say about her ex-husband, disgraced royal Prince Andrew. When asked if she would marry the Duke of York again if she could go back in time during an interview with the UK’s Times Radio, she replied, “Oh, yes. He’s a very good and kind man. He’s a good man.” She even looked back fondly at the pair’s 1986 wedding day, calling it “exceptional and extraordinary.” ”I think my life is an amazing life,” Ferguson continued. “I think I’ve been very lucky. And I am now just beginning my life again. And I think it’s pretty cool to be able to say that.” Andrew’s luck, however, seemingly ran out when Virginia Giuffre claimed he had sex with her when she was a minor and that she had been trafficked by his friend, convicted creeper Jeffrey Epstein. As a result, Andrew was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, which he is reportedly trying to get reinstated. In March, Andrews paid Giuffre millions of dollars to settle the case. He insisted he never even met her, let alone acknowledged any wrongdoing, despite posing next to the then-teenager in a now-infamous photo. “And, you know, I will stand very firmly by Andrew … a very good and kind man and that’s what I believe,” Ferguson revealed to interviewer Mariella Frostrup. “We are divorced. I think it’s very important, Mariella, that people realize that I don’t spend long here in England because I don’t wish to. I’d much prefer being out.” “I’ve built 156 schools in Africa and Poland. And, you know, and I just want to keep going doing my philanthropy work.” Although Fergie and Andrew have seemingly remained close, former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown dropped bombshell claims about their relationship in her book “The Palace Papers.” She claimed Andrew loved porn and once called his then-wife a not-so-nice name. An American media exec visiting Fergie at Royal Lodge in 2015 was shocked when Andrew entered the room as they were having lunch and reportedly said, “What are you doing with this fat cow?” Brown wrote.