 The best player in baseball has found himself embroiled in a controversy he wants no part of. Before the Yankees played the Angels in The Bronx on Wednesday, Mike Trout was asked about a high-stakes fantasy football league that has blown up into one of the stranger Major League Baseball scandals in recent memory. “I ain’t talking about fantasy football,” Trout, the league’s commissioner, told reporters with a smile. “It’s just one of those things where everyone’s competitive. Everyone loves fantasy football — who doesn’t?” Some more than others. Tommy Pham, an outfielder for the Reds, was hit with a three-game suspension this week for slapping Giants outfielder Joc Pederson across the face on Friday night on the field before their two teams played in Cincinnati. The dustup was over a dispute in the league. In the days since, details have emerged that have captivated a mostly laughing nation. The Athletic reported the league requires a $10,000 buy-in. Both Pederson and Pham agree that Pederson placed a player who had been ruled out on “Injured Reserve,” thus freeing up a roster spot to add another player. Pham called foul, saying the move was not allowed. Pederson has told reporters he sent Pham the rules from the ESPN league that showed the move was indeed allowed. According to Pham, the league had a separate set of rules that Pederson was breaking. Pham told reporters this week that Trout was the league’s commissioner, which put the football in the baseball player’s court. “Every commissioner I know always gets booed,” said Trout, who added he has talked with Pham and Pederson, but revealed few details. “Tommy and everybody that was involved in that [are] very passionate about fantasy football.” But did Pederson skirt the rules in using the extra roster spot? “I’m not answering that question,” said the grilled Trout. “It’s in the past. You guys [in the media] are dragging it on. It’s a legendary fantasy football league for sure.” One that involved a text thread, too, in which Pederson needled Pham. Last season, Pham was with the Padres, who had high expectations but could not keep up with the Giants and Dodgers, which led to Pederson sending a GIF that he felt lightheartedly mocked the Padres. Pham took it personally. Pham, with a slight smile, told Cincinnati media that Trout “did a terrible job” as commissioner, which might be accurate when a fantasy football league squabble makes national news and involves a public slap and an MLB suspension. Trout, who said he lost in the league, paused for a few moments when asked if he would resign as commissioner. “I haven’t made that decision,” he said, smiling.