Thursday’s MLB betting board is somewhat limited — only eight games fill the slate — but expert bettors are still intrigued by certain markets. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified two sides — both underdogs — that trigger at least three of the above signals. Without further hesitation, here are the report’s recommendations. These divisional foes will begin a four-game series tonight in Pittsburgh and experts prefer the Pirates. Despite having lost four of their last five games, the Pirates have seen sharp action on their moneyline. After opening at a consensus +120 price, the Pirates have drifted down to between +104 and +110, depending on where you shop. Further, big money bettors are also interested in the hosts — as of this writing, Pittsburgh has seen 15 percent of all bets against 34 percent of the total handle. Next, the Pirates satisfy one Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public. That system, which looks for divisional underdogs receiving fewer than 29 percent of all bets, has a 45 percent historical win percentage and eight percent return on investment. Finally, three top Action Network MLB betting experts are backing the Pirates to give them four total signals. Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+110) — Caesars Sportsbook The Padres and Dodgers, both 2-3 in their last five games, begin a four-game series Thursday in Los Angeles. The experts are interested in the visitors. The Padres, who will send Joe Musgrove to the hill Thursday, have seen early sharp action. And yet, their price has actually improved in the process — after opening as a consensus +105 underdog, the Padres now sit between +110 and +115.   Big money bettors are also interested in the Padres. As of this writing, San Diego has received 50 percent of all moneyline bets against 70 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Padres to give them three signals in their direction. San Diego Padres Moneyline (+110) — BetMGM