Chelsea Manning, the ex-military intelligence analyst who served time in federal prison for leaking classified information to Wikileaks, claimed her one-time defender Glenn Greenwald  has become “dangerous” due to his association with Tucker Carlson and other figures on the right. Manning, who was known as Bradley Manning before transitioning to a woman in 2010, slammed Greenwald, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who gained fame for his reporting on the Edward Snowden case. She said Greenwald was among those who “started going off the deep end” after he publicly alienated liberals for his criticism of the media’s coverage of the Trump-Russiagate affair. “I can’t tell you how hard that was [to disavow Greenwald] — how deeply hard that was,” Manning told The Daily Beast. “It took me years to navigate me saying something about him.” Greenwald, a frequent on-air guest of Fox News hosts, including Carlson and Laura Ingraham, is also a strident critic of the Biden administration, the Democratic Party, and mainstream liberal news outlets like CNN, MSNBC, and others. In an emailed statement to The Post, Greenwald praised Manning as a “brave and noble whistleblower for what she did in 2010.” “At the same time, she has proven to be the type of person, sadly more common now than ever, whose religion is politics, whose only sense of purpose comes from ideological crusades,” Greenwald wrote. “As a result, she’s therefore willing to publicly denounce her own friends in the most deliberately vicious and hurtful ways…the minute her ‘friends’ start seeing the world differently than she does and pursuing different political projects.” Greenwald went on to describe Manning as a “person who lost their soul” as evidenced by being “willing to publicly denounce their own friends for applause and attention — all over political disagreements.” Manning agreed with The Daily Beast’s critique of Greenwald as an “attack dog for the right” and as someone who “aligns” with Carlson as well as tech venture capitalist Marc Andreessen and libertarian-leaning billionaire Peter Thiel. She reportedly started tearing up when she recalled how Greenwald visited her in prison. “He interacted with my family, close friends for years, visited me in prison,” Manning said. “Whenever I saw warning signs, I looked the other way,” Manning said of Greenwald. “People were telling me things, and I ignored it.” “It’s the most problematic relationship that I’ve ever had in my life. I was quiet for years, and I regret that,” she added. “I should have said something sooner.” In September of last year, Manning took to Twitter to announce that she had cut ties with Greenwald and was planning to return a $10,000 donation that he once gave to her. “I can’t deal with this anymore,” Manning tweeted on Sept. 2. “I’m terrified of you and everything you do.” “You’re greedy, unprincipled, and I’m embarrassed for ever considering you a friend.” Greenwald responded on his Substack blog that same day that he had not communicated with Manning since 2018. He also posted screenshots of his prior communications with Manning, in which she excoriates her former friend for his appearances on Carlson’s show. “I have long been one of Chelsea Manning’s most ardent defenders, both publicly and personally,” Greenwald wrote. “Given how vague her denunciation was and how utterly bereft her accusations were of specifics, her tweets left hanging the innuendo that I had done something horrible to her personally or had threatened her in some way.” Greenwald wrote that Manning broke with him because of disagreements over his politics. He condemned “widespread defamatory insinuations that I’m some sort of abusive or threatening person, let alone one that ‘terrifies’ people like her.” Manning spent seven years in jail for leaking classified information to WikiLeaks. Former president Barack Obama commuted her 35-year sentence in January 2017. In 2019, Manning spent several weeks in jail because she refused to testify before a federal grand jury in the case of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Assange, who has been imprisoned in a high security facility in Britain, is appealing his extradition to the US, where he is indicted on charges of violating the Espionage Act for publishing classified military and diplomatic documents. Greenwald and other civil liberties advocates have accused the US government of violating Assange’s First Amendment rights. They have urged the Justice Department to drop all charges against Assange.