Former Mr Universe Calum von Moger has revealed his injuries from a mystery window plunge that left him fighting for his life. The 31-year-old was placed in an induced coma after the near-fatal fall at his home in Melbourne, Australia, last month. Posting on Instagram for the first time in five weeks on Sunday, he said: “It’s nice to be alive.” Von Moger also shared a 30-second video from his hospital bed showing his 3.3million followers showing dozens of stitches on his arms, hands and even his face. He also posted pictures on his stories revealing more cuts to his legs and feet. The bodybuilder had shared an emotional message with his fans on Instagram before he plunged from the window, admitting he “messed up bad many times”. Speaking to The Sun last month, one of his pals confirmed he was “awake and recovering” after waking up from the coma. Moger, who is best known for his portrayal of Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 2018 film Bigger, seriously injured his spine in the fall on May 6 and underwent a major operation. Fellow bodybuilder and Youtuber Nick Trigilli claimed the three-time Mr Universe winner was under the influence of drugs at the time of the incident after battling a meth addiction. He said: “The reason they were keeping him in a coma for so long is [that] he had a lot of trauma to his head and his brain. “There was a lot of fluid built up and obviously damage to his head. “They were afraid to take him out of the coma because – god forbid -there was extensive damage then he could have permanent damage, they didn’t want that. “They had to wait until the swelling had gone down. “So far all I can tell you is that he did have surgery on his spine, now he is definitely not paralyzed as far as I know.” Disturbing photographs emerged of the damage at von Moger’s home in Geelong, a city southwest of Melbourne, showing boarded-up windows and shattered glass on the ground. He was awaiting a court date on May 26 after being charged with criminal affray and drug possession and was on bail living with his brother. He appeared in court via video link with his arm in a sling and pleaded guilty to possessing drugs including testosterone and Viagra. The court heard the three-time Mr Universe winner spent a total of 11 days in hospital after the window fall. Von Moger’s lawyer Bernard Campigli told the court his client was struggling with depression. He said von Moger would take part in a rehabilitation programme. Von Moger was ordered to pay $500 to the court fund.\ This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.