Multiple sources have told The Post that the PGA Tour will reaffirm its hardline stance against the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series and announce disciplinary action on Thursday morning for the PGA players who will be competing in the LIV tournament in London this week. That action would likely include suspensions, though the severity of the punishments could vary on a case-by-case basis. The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity as they are not authorized to speak on the PGA Tour’s behalf. Whether the sport’s other governing bodies, such as Augusta National, which runs the Masters, the PGA of America, which runs the PGA Championship, or the R&A, which oversees the British Open, will fall in step with the PGA Tour remains to be seen. With Bryson DeChambeau and Patrick Reed among the latest players to defect, the belief, according to the sources, is the PGA Tour has turned to golf’s other organizations for support as a way to prevent more players from ditching the tour. The USGA said this week it will not prevent players from the Saudi league from playing in the US Open next week at Brookline (Mass.) Country Club. Phil Mickelson, who has not played in an event since late January, confirmed Wednesday he will tee it up there. The PGA Tour did not immediately respond when contacted by The Post on Wednesday. Rickie Fowler told The Post he is still considering what he will do. Other players, including Adam Scott and Harold Varner III, are also believed to be considering a jump to the Saudi league, according to sources. Mickelson, while neither confirming nor denying whether he is currently suspended or has served a suspension by the PGA Tour, did say that he has not resigned his tour membership. DeChambeau also said that he has not. That would leave them open to possible disciplinary action by the tour. Dustin Johnson, on the other hand, did say that he has resigned as a member of the tour, which means the tour would thereby be unable to immediately punish him. Whatever happens, the power struggle between the PGA Tour and LIV Golf likely won’t end anytime soon and could eventually result in legal action by players who are suspended or banned by the PGA Tour.