Infant twins were discovered stranded and alone in Texas after their inebriated mother crashed her car through multiple barricades, deputies said. Fantasia Martinez, 26, was charged for allegedly abandoning her 6-month-old twins, including one who was discovered alone in her crashed car Tuesday just off Interstate 20, according to the Harrison County Sheriff’s Office. Police dispatchers received dozens of calls at about 9:45 p.m. regarding a woman walking in the eastbound lanes of traffic, department officials said in an earlier post. Martinez, of Marshall, appeared to be intoxicated and possibly under the influence of narcotics, but told deputies her car “had broken down” with both of her young children still inside. Deputies then detained Martinez for her safety as her car was located nearby. The vehicle, which was still running after crashing into a tree, appeared to have plowed through multiple road barricades and had an infant in the backseat, according to sheriff officials. A deputy then broke one of the car’s windows to rescue the infant inside, prompting Martinez to briefly break out of custody. Once detained again, she then started asking about her second child, authorities said. Two infant car seats were found inside Martinez’s totaled car. The second child was located about 35 minutes later after investigators received an address near the crash site where Martinez had recently moved. “Deputies responded to that address, forced entry, locating the 2nd infant alone and uninjured,” sheriff officials said in a statement. Child welfare officials took both children into custody late Tuesday. “It is heartbreaking to know that some children have to live in these conditions, but I am glad no lives were lost,” Sheriff Brandon Fletcher said in a statement. Martinez is being held at the Harrison County Jail on charges including endangering a child, driving while intoxicated, resisting arrest and escape. It’s unclear if she’s hired an attorney who could speak on her behalf.