She was dressed down for refusing to dress up. A British mom says she was shamed for wearing an “inappropriate” crop top to a family restaurant during a heat wave. Emma Prince, 34, was hoping to dine inside the Stonehouse Pizza & Carvery in Wolverton, England, last week, but was barred because of her skimpy top. The brunette arrived at the establishment wearing the white bralette-style top, which she ordered from online retailer ASOS. Prince told the Daily Star that she opted for the low-cut item because of the heat and had no intention of being provocative. “The female manager said I couldn’t come in because I was wearing just a bra,” Prince claimed. “I explained to her it was a crop top, not underwear, and that it was 86 degrees outside.” “She told me, ‘This is a restaurant and it’s our policy,’ so I asked to see the policy and dress code,” the disgruntled mom continued. “She didn’t show me anything … She just kept looking me up and down and saying, in a very patronizing way, ‘That is not a top.'” Prince told the publication that she went to Stonehouse with her 2-year-old daughter, Penelope, and a female friend, who was also clad in a crop top. The manager purportedly permitted the pal to enter the establishment because her shirt’s straps “were thick.” Prince had a button-down shirt stored in her car and was forced to fetch that item and put it on if she wanted to go inside the premises. Prince and her pal eventually decided to dine in the outdoor area, but the mortified mama didn’t dare take off her button-down for fear of another confrontation with the manager. “I was boiling hot in my shirt but I was afraid if I took it off and sat in my top I would be kicked out,” she explained. “I did not want the confrontation in front of my daughter.” Prince claims some male patrons were sitting shirtless in the outdoor area due to the sweltering heat, and she found the double standard unfair. The mom also claims she waited over an hour for her food before giving up and taking her daughter to McDonald’s for a meal instead. Prince told the Daily Star that she subsequently messaged the Stonehouse Pizza & Carvery’s Instagram page asking for details of the dress code, and received a response that read: “The dress code is to wear whatever you’re comfortable in.” The Post has reached out to the restaurant for comment. Meanwhile, Prince has vowed not to return to the establishment, saying: “I am beyond annoyed and disgusted by the attitude of the manager and the service I was given.” She’s not the first woman to be shamed for her clothing. Back in February, Bolivian mama Vanesa Medina made international news after she was shamed for dropping off her son at school in a tight pink outfit that showed off her curves. Medina was filmed by another woman, who posted footage of the mom’s sultry school run on social media in a bid to embarrass her. However, a defiant Medina hit back, lashing out at the woman who filmed her, claiming she committed a “crime” by filming her 4-year-old son without consent.