Let’s lay this debate to rest. A new poll has revealed exactly why people get “the best” sleep in hotels: that clean sheet smell. While it sounds cliché, in the survey of 2,000 Americans, 43% said that the fresh smell was their favorite part about sleeping away from home. Following closely behind, 41% chalked it up to the mattress and 39% said being able to sleep in. The poll, conducted by OnePoll and commissioned by Mattress Firm, also discovered that a shocking 75% of respondents felt more refreshed waking up in a hotel than at home. That sleep-good data followed the staggering statistics of people overbooking themselves this summer, with 68% of respondents saying they’re being the ultimate “yes” man and agreeing to every occasion they’re invited to. Following a stagnant two years during the COVID-19 pandemic, Americans are chomping at the bit to jumpstart their social lives, with more than half (52%) of respondents saying they’ll be using their vacation time to travel – whether for business or pleasure. Participants plan on flocking to an average of three weddings, three birthday parties and three family vacations, but what they’re looking forward to is a good night’s sleep, with 73% of respondents said they anticipate better sleep while traveling. “Going to bed while you’re away from home can sometimes make the space feel more relaxing and inviting as it’s usually free from normal disruptions,” said Mattress Firm lifestyle expert Trae Bodge. “A relaxing sleep environment that is optimized for temperature, light and minimal noise is essential to getting quality rest and it’s a good idea to create that sanctuary at home as well.” While 76% of people said the thought of relaxing on vacation makes them “happy,” not everyone was game for lounging: 73% of respondents prefer to rest and relax, but 66% said they’d rather be on the go and explore. But even after a long day – whether by the pool or walking miles at their destination – respondents took a bit of home with them to wind down: bedtime rituals. White noise machines (41%), face washing (40%), exercising (39%) and bringing their special pillow (39%) topped the list of most important nighttime must-haves or -dos even while on the road. Even dermatologists can rejoice – 37% of respondents followed their skincare routines even away from home. In fact, people were keener on following their skincare regimen while vacationing (37%) than at home (32%) as well as washing their hair (31% on vacation and 28% while at home). The only piece of nighttime itinerary that wasn’t consistent was bedtimes. 37% of people said they’re more likely to wake up later and go to bed earlier than when they’re at home. Although, they do get a bit homesick – even if the bed smells fresh and the mattress feels luxurious. 65% of respondents said they start to miss their own bed, feeling the separation anxiety creep in after only being away three nights. In fact, the average person said they needed an extra day post-vacay to rest at home. Vacation – be it relaxing as it is – can also be exhausting, which could be why seven in ten (72%) of people said they’re going to give themself a break between their overflowing schedule this summer. “You can easily refresh your own sleep sanctuary to recreate the relaxing sleep from your travels,” said Bodge. “White noise machines and aromatherapy oils coupled with the right mattress, pillows, and linens can help you sleep better. Investing in the right bed to fit your specific sleep style and eliminating distractions in the bedroom as much as possible can make a difference in your sleep quality. Also, limit your use of electronic devices – avoid bright lights and turn off audio alerts at least one hour before bedtime.” TOP 10 THINGS PEOPLE LOVE ABOUT HOTEL BEDS