Serena Williams’ grand return at Wimbledon 2022 came to a quick end. The 40-year-old tennis legend, playing her first singles match in a year, was upset in her first-round match against Harmony Tan, 5-7, 6-1, 6-7 (7-10), at the All England Club on Tuesday. Williams broke Tan to go up 5-4 in the third set but Tan broke back the next game then held serve, but Williams held to tie the set, 6-6. Williams raced out to a 4-0 lead in the third-set tiebreak before losing. “It’s definitely better than last year,” Williams said. “That’s a start.” This was the first time Williams had played a singles match since withdrawing from her first-round match at last year’s Wimbledon due to injury. Last week, Williams played doubles tune-up matches with Ons Jabeur at the Eastbourne International. Whether this would be her ride into the sunset, Williams declined to say. “That’s a question I can’t answer,” she said. “I don’t know. … Who knows? Who knows where I’ll pop up?” Tan, who will get her next test against No. 32 seed Sara Sorribes Tormo of Spain on Thursday, enjoyed the experience of playing someone she watched on TV growing up. “For my first Wimbledon, it’s: Wow. Just wow,” said the 24-year-old Tan. “When I saw the draw, I was really scared, because it’s Serena Williams. She’s a legend. I was like, ‘Oh, my God, how can I play?’” She did persevere through the 3-hour, 11-minute match, in which she she produced just one of her first 11 points on her own. Tan began to assert herself with a combination of spins and slices, fending off a valiant effort from Williams, who admitted there was plenty of rust in her game. “If you’re playing week in, week out, or even every three weeks, every four weeks, there’s a little bit more match toughness,” Williams said. “But with that being said, I felt like I played pretty OK on some of ‘em. Not all of ’em. Maybe some key ones I definitely could have played better. You’ve got to think if I were playing matches, I wouldn’t miss some of those points.”