Porn stars laid bare. Some of the world’s most famous adult actors are exposing themselves in a very different way — speaking out about how their kinky careers have adversely impacted their personal lives. The X-rated rompers were probed on the Australian TV series “You Can’t Ask That,” which went to air Down Under on Wednesday. Angela White, 35, was one of the stars who appeared on the show, with the porn queen confessing that getting down and dirty on camera has had a detrimental effect on her dating life. “It is difficult to find a partner that you truly connect with,” White — who has been dubbed “the Meryl Streep of porn” — admitted to the audience. The busty brunette was raised in Australia, before entering the industry while on a vacation to the US when she was 18. “It was a little scary because it was my first time overseas,” she recalled. “I was a curious teen and I was always fascinated by porn. Now when I’m f – – king on camera it’s much easier than an interview like this.” When asked what porn sets smell like, White revealed that things can get a little stinky if they’re not properly ventilated. “If it’s a summer day and the air-con isn’t running it smells like sweat,” she stated. But despite the stink — and the struggle to find Mr. Right — White hasn’t grown tired of being a porn star after almost two decades in the biz. “They say do something you love and you’ll never work a day in your life,” she told the show. Meanwhile, actress Arianna Kody also sat down to answer candid questions on “You Can’t Ask That,” and also admitted that porn had negatively impacted her dating life. “I am most celibate now [outside of porn],” the actress said. “I guess it’s kind of ruined sex for me in my personal life.” Kody appeared alongside ’80s adult actress Nikki Stern, who left porn to become a librarian. Stern similarly stated that porn had also ruined any intimacy she had off-camera. However, gay porn star Woody Fox, 33, offered a different perspective. “I don’t think it ruins sex in any way, but I think it changes how I see sex,” he explained. “I’ve definitely taken sex and romance and moved them away from each other. So I now look at sex like I would going to the gym.” Fox told the show that while he does some eye-popping positions on camera, he prefers much more vanilla lovemaking in his personal life. “For me personally I just like really boring bed sex because I’ve done everything really wild and crazy,” he said. Elsewhere, the X-rated star was asked by the audience how his family reacted to news of his porn pursuits. “My dad flipped out,” he stated, adding that he has a gay brother who he hopes hasn’t unsuspectingly clicked on one of his kinky clips. Meanwhile, Robbie Oz — who recently appeared in The Post after his fiancée spoke out about his kinky career — discussed his hyper-religious background. “I was brought up in a strict Jehovah’s Witness family,” Oz said. “Maybe because all that was kind of pushed down that I went the other way. I think everyone has some part in them that’s curious like ‘I wonder if I could have done porn.’ “ Also on the show, actress Rubi Valentine said she is “scared” of how porn has affected her relationship with sex. The brunette told audiences that she finds less sexual activities now make her heart race faster. “I’m really into handholding and kissing,” she revealed. “I’m really taking it back to basics, I suppose. That’s more intimate to me.”        