The new Swingers mini-golf in Nomad finally opened its adults-only wonderland last week that’s tucked under the upcoming Virgin Hotel. Think “Around the World in Eighty Days” meets the Tivoli Gardens and a British country golf club with a party vibe and a DJ spinning. Your first hint that this is a spectacle comes from the gallery of photoshopped celebrity faces in historic golfing photos lining the stairway to the mini-golfing heaven. Canopies of decorative flowers festoon the Astroturf walkways that snake around Swingers’ 23,000 square feet and three different nine-hole courses. There are spinning neon windmills, waterwheels and tall clock towers to theme each course, while projected murals of a phantasmic 1920s countryside change as the day blends to night. Tee off toward challenging holes with loop-de-loops, ramps, bridges and tunnels while a triumphant hole-in-one on the last shot is awarded a spin on a food and drinks prize wheel. There are numerous bars, nooks and cozy crannies for private parties or groups of BFFs, plus selfie spots galore. A central bar has crystal chandeliers, dark wood and an upscale London pub feel. Snap the QR code on a cocktail table in one of the popular secluded alcoves to test their great service. Caddies bring putting players $14 to $18 cocktails and specialty drinks along with gourmet street food from Sauce Pizzeria, Taqueria y Fonda and Mah-Ze-Dahr Bakery. Entry is free to those 21 and over, but a round of what the Brits call “crazy golf” will set you back $22 or $26, depending on the day and time. Packages with a round of golf, food and drinks are priced for one person on up, while private spaces or the whole shebang can be curated for 12 to 525 people. It’s open for lunch every day plus you can party till 2 a.m. on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights. “If you come at lunchtime you’re going to wonder where all these people came from,” said co-founder Matt Grech-Smith as they have a slew of corporate outings scheduled to try the “ridiculous fun,” plus drop-ins and reservations from the surrounding offices, hotels and apartments. What started with buddy Jeremy Simmonds as a pop-up in London has now grown to two locations there, plus another in Washington, DC, this one in Nomad and more on tap. There’s no dress code but nothing’s stopping you from getting into the spirit of the competitive shenanigans with knickerbockers or plus fours, a beret and argyle knee socks. Just remember to yell, “Fore!” Book a tee time at Swingers.club.