HOUSTON — Jeff McNeil’s right hamstring tightness kept him sidelined Tuesday night and may leave the Mets second baseman/left fielder out of action at least until the team visits Miami this weekend. But the Mets received an encouraging MRI exam result on the hamstring, according to manager Buck Showalter, a day after McNeil departed early with the tightness, which arose as he scampered home on a wild pitch against the Marlins. McNeil has dealt with previous hamstring issues, but to his left leg. Before Tuesday’s game against the Astros at Minute Maid Park, he indicated this discomfort was to his “strong” hamstring and was confident it got caught early enough that it won’t become a chronic problem. McNeil has kept an open dialogue with Showalter during the season, and the team has been preventive in removing the player from the lineup when there have been hamstring concerns. Last season McNeil spent a month on the injured list with a pulled left hamstring. For many teams, losing a player — even for a few days — that owns a .327/.386/.465 slash line in 65 games would be a significant hit to the lineup. But the Mets believe they have insulated themselves enough to withstand such hiccups. “I hate to see anything happen to anybody, but I’m happy, because Jeff’s thing could have been a lot worse,” Pete Alonso said. “We are just really fortunate he’s not going to have to take any serious time away. It’s just take a few days off and wait until it feels better. It could have been a lot worse. I am just happy it is what it is and nothing more.” Luis Guillorme, who has received nearly enough playing time this season to be considered a starter, started at second base, with Mark Canha in left field. Guillorme’s productivity — he entered play with a .331/.412/.392 slash line in 47 games — and sharp defense have made it easier for the Mets to absorb short-term absences in the lineup. Last week Guillorme started two games at third base as Eduardo Escobar dealt with dizziness and headaches. “[McNeil] has been doing so well and he’s having a superb year, but we have so many other guys,” Alonso said. “We have Luis Guillorme, who has been tremendous for us. Having guys that play multiple positions and being able to plug them in anywhere is super valuable. For us to kind of fill that gap fairly well, that helps for sure, because G is amazing with the glove, he’s been hot as a torch and he’s been doing fantastic for us as well.” McNeil’s absence limits the Mets’ depth off the bench — Showalter mentioned the effect of playing a day game after a night game, as will be the case Wednesday — but the manager said inserting Guillorme into the lineup is a “pretty fluid” move for the team. “I didn’t have to say anything hardly [Monday] to Guillorme, he knew what was going on,” Showalter said. “I think the guys understand that.”