Hunter Biden’s daughter sarcastically offered to GOP Sen. Ron Johnson that she will get her dad to go on the phone with him if Johnson agrees to support tighter gun control laws. “@RonJohnsonWI, if you vote for stricter gun control measures, I will personally come into your office and call my dad on speakerphone so that you can confess your undying love for him directly,” Naomi Biden tweeted Wednesday at the Republican lawmaker, who has been one of her dad’s fiercest critics. The 28-year-old Naomi’s tongue-in-cheek proposal was in response to the Wisconsin senator’s take on legislation that would require a waiting period for gun sales to buyers under age 21. “Before we pass anything new, let’s enforce the laws we already have. Let’s start with Hunter Biden,” he wrote. Johnson was alluding to the allegation that President Biden’s son may have committed a felony by lying on a background check before buying a gun in 2018. According to documents obtained by Politico, Hunter answered “no” in response to the question, “Are you an unlawful user of, or addicted to, marijuana or any depressant, stimulant, narcotic drug, or any other controlled substance?” Hunter’s years-long battle with drug addiction has been well-documented in the press, and the 52-year-old dad of five also detailed his struggles in his memoir, “Beautiful Things,” which was published last year. The gun that Hunter bought in October 2018, a .38 revolver, was later thrown in the trash by the president’s daughter-in-law, Hallie Biden, Hunter’s brother Beau Biden’s widow. Johnson has accused Hunter of taking advantage of his access to his powerful dad to enrich himself. The US Department of Justice is investigating Hunter over his business dealings in Ukraine and China, and also over his taxes. Meanwhile, a bipartisan group of senators, led by John Cornyn (R-Texas), is working on a compromise bill that would bolster gun safety. Expectations are low that even the most modest gun control measures could find support among Republicans in Congress, particularly in the 50-50 Senate, where at least 60 votes are needed to advance legislation past a filibuster. Johnson, who is a staunch conservative with an “A” rating from the National Rifle Association, is not expected to support the legislation. With Post wires