New York City Mayor Eric Adams will endorse Gov. Kathy Hochul for a full term in office Wednesday, his aides confirmed. “Governor Hochul has been a true partner, working on behalf of everyday New Yorkers — and it’s yielded real results,” Adams said in a statement Tuesday. “We share the same priorities—on improving public safety, access to child care and housing. Governor Hochul has been a true partner, working on behalf of everyday New Yorkers — and it’s yielded real results,” said Adams. “I look forward to continuing that work for years to come with Governor Hochul and collaborating to lift this city and state to new heights.” Backing from the newly-elected mayor could help Hochul secure her electoral position in voter-rich downstate ahead of the June 28 primary against Public Advocate Jumaane Williams and Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-Nassau). “It reflects the reality that they have a great working relationship, which is a refreshing change from 2 short years ago. While he also has a good relationship with Tom Suozzi, the decision also reflects the political reality that she is in a strong position to win the primary,” political consultant Evan Stavisky told The Post. Hochul representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Suozzi has openly courted support from Adams — who offered him a job as deputy mayor months ago — while mirroring his brand of moderate politics during the campaign. “I still consider Eric Adams a brother, but if he wants to stop surging crime in NYC he will need a new governor in Albany who will fix bail reform. I will,” Suozzi said in a statement. An endorsement from Adams follows a whirlwind legislative session in Albany when Hochul helped secure key wins for Adams, including changes to bail reform and a two-year extension of mayoral control of city schools. Hochul has led all polling in the primary while building big advantages with endorsements and fundraising over Suozzi and Williams. “The last thing any New York City mayor needs is a hostile governor. Adams’ endorsement is smart survival politics,” political consultant Hank Sheinkopf told The Post.