It’s no surprise that Jeffrey Epstein’s two islands in the Caribbean, notoriously referred to as “pedophile island,” are having a hard time scoring a buyer. The islands, known as Great St. James and Little St. James, listed together in March for $125 million. But now, the two US Virgin Islands have hit the market for $55 million apiece, representing a 12% reduction in the overall ask, according to the Wall Street Journal. The option to purchase both islands is still on the table, only now it will cost a combined $110 million. Despite needing to lower the price tag and distinguishing the two islands, listing rep Adam Modlin of Modlin Group told the Journal that several potential buyers have expressed interest in the properties, but that there was more interest in them individually than as a pair. If sold, this would mark some of Epstein’s final properties amid his sprawling international real estate portfolio. Epstein’s estate sold his longtime Manhattan mansion for $51 million in March 2021, and his Palm Beach home for $18.5 million. The Palm Beach residence has already been torn down to build a new structure on the land. His Sante Fe, New Mexico, ranch remains for sale for $27.5 million. And his Paris luxury abode was on sale earlier this year. Daniel Weiner, an attorney for Epstein’s estate, told The Post that all the money from the properties will go to resolving outstanding lawsuits and the costs of the estate’s operations. “The proceeds from the sale are expected to be used for the estate’s regular administration, including its payment as necessary of taxes, creditors and claimants,” Weiner said. Great St. James, across the bay from St. Thomas, spans more than 160 acres. Epstein had only purchased the island in 2016, three years before his arrest on sex trafficking charges. The island was in development, with only a small collection of structures having been built. Meanwhile, Little St. James, most notoriously known as the island where Epstein allegedly sexually abused minors, has over 70 acres, a helipad, a private dock, a gas station, two pools, a main residential compound, four guest villas, three private beaches, a gym and a tiki hut. Modlin, along with Bespoke Real Estate — and in partnership with a local Virgin Islands firm, Christie’s International Real Estate the Saints — holds the listing. On Aug. 10, 2019, Epstein was found dead of a suicide at a New York detention center while awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges.