She’s using her body to fight the ban. Bill Gates’ daughter Phoebe Gates is going viral after posting a bold bikini snap — while protesting the potential overturn of Roe v. Wade. Her swimsuit pic is the opening act for a series of infographics about the “Bans Off Our Bodies” campaign, and is blowing up on Instagram. “I’m not shy about my body and/or telling you to keep your bans off of it,” the 19-year-old Stanford University student wrote in the caption to the saucy photo post for her 116,000 followers. The photo gallery shows the college gal posing in a revealing white bikini with the tagline “my body my choice.” The burgeoning bikini activist added, “Right now, the Supreme Court is prepared to end the constitutional right to abortion.” She was referring to the recent leaked info that the Supreme Court could overturn Roe v. Wade — a landmark 1973 ruling granting women federal abortion rights — which sparked fierce pro-choice protests across the nation. Phoebe’s intentional body slam also included a graphic detailing claims that 26 states will “swiftly ban abortion” if the ruling is repealed, as well as a list of ways the public can help women maintain abortion access under the potential new regime. These included donating to an abortion fund, supporting a local Planned Parenthood and helping independent clinics, all of which she provided links to in the post. “Every person deserves access to sexual and reproductive health care,” Phoebe declared. “Join me and millions of other women in our fight for this basic human right.” The Post has reached out to reps for Phoebe’s dad for comment about her burgeoning bikini activism. Needless to say, her provocative post touched a nerve with pro-choice celebs. “Yes!!!” gushed TikTok star Ellie Jane Zeiler, while gold medal-winning skier Eileen Gu posted two exclamation points under her post. Phoebe’s sister Jennifer K. Gates, 23, also chimed in, writing, “Yes PP!!” Phoebe’s stirring photo-op came after a series of viral demonstrations by pro-choice activists. Earlier this month, topless protesters caused a scene after rushing on the court during Tuesday’s WNBA game between the New York Liberty and the Minnesota Lynx at Barclays Center.  