The US Supreme Court’s decision Friday to overturn the landmark abortion decision Roe v. Wade is expected to ban or restrict the procedure for over 40 million women across at least 26 states. While the high court’s decision to uphold the Mississippi law challenging Roe does not outlaw abortion, it does hand regulatory power to state governments — the majority of which have indicated their intention to make it illegal to terminate a pregnancy. Three states — Kentucky, Louisiana and South Dakota — had so-called “trigger laws” which kicked in automatically upon Roe’s reversal, banning the procedure immediately in almost all circumstances. But Missouri became the first state to act Friday following the decision, with its Attorney General filing paperwork “effectively ending abortion in Missouri.” “With this attorney general opinion, my Office has effectively ended abortion in Missouri, becoming the first state in the country to do so following the Court’s ruling,” AG Eric Schmitt said. “My Office has been fighting to uphold the sanctity of life since I became attorney general, culminating in today’s momentous court ruling and attorney general opinion. I will continue the fight to protect all life, born and unborn,” he said. Arkansas and Oklahoma also quickly certified that the Supreme Court has overturned Roe — activating trigger laws and outlawing abortion immediately Friday. “After almost 50 years, the US Supreme Court has wiped one of the most horrifying opinions in American history from the books. It has courageously done so in the face of intimidation, leaks, violence, and even an assassination attempt,” Oklahoma Attorney General John O’Connor said in the statement. These abortion laws outlaw any pregnancy termination that isn’t required by “medical emergency” when the pregnant woman’s life is in danger. Anyone who provides or attempts to provide an abortion service will now be charged with a felony, which is punishable by prison time or large fines up to $100,000, depending on the state. In West Virginia, the state’s sole abortion clinic announced it would no longer perform the procedure as of Friday. West Virginia has a pre-Roe ban on the books that makes providing an abortion a felony — but it has been unenforceable under the federal protections offered by Roe. “Due to a law in WV’s criminal code from 1882 that criminalizes abortion for both the provider and patient with a felony prison sentence up 10 years, WHCWV has been forced to stop providing abortion care immediately until further notice,” the Women’s Health Center of West Virginia announced on Facebook Friday. It is unclear how the state will proceed on enforcement but Gov. Jim Justice signaled legislators would act soon. “I applaud the Supreme Court’s courageous decision today. I’ve said many times that I very proudly stand for life and I am rock-solid against abortion, and I believe that every human life is a miracle worth protecting,” he said in a statement Friday. “I will not hesitate to call a special session after consulting with the Legislature and my legal team if clarification in our laws needs to be made.” In Idaho, Tennessee and Texas — where abortion is already functionally illegal after six weeks of pregnancy — trigger laws will automatically outlaw abortion 30 days from the decision, according to an analysis by the Guttmacher Institute, a New York-based pro-choice research organization. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton vowed abortion will be illegal in the Lone Star State moments after the Supreme Court’s decision, but when that takes effect is still unknown. Four other states require a largely perfunctory sign-off by the state attorney general — such as was done in Arkansas, Missouri and Oklahoma Friday — before laws already on the books make abortion illegal in the absence of federal protection from Roe. These states are Mississippi, North Dakota, Utah and Wyoming. Get The Post’s latest updates following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.  Four additional states retain pre-Roe abortion bans, such as in West Virginia, that can now become enforceable again. These include Arizona, Alabama, Michigan and Wisconsin. Friday evening, a federal judge signed off on Alabama implementing its 2019 abortion ban, which outlaws the procedure except in cases where the life of the mother is in danger. US District Judge Myron Thompson ruled that the legal basis for an injunction that had blocked the law from going into effect “no longer exists.” In Ohio, Attorney General Dave Yost announced that a 2019 state law preventing abortions after the detection of a fetal heartbeat — which can happen as early as six weeks into pregnancy — was in effect after a similar injunction was dissolved. Previously, the Buckeye State allowed abortions until the 22-week mark of a pregnancy. After that, they were restricted to procedures meant to protect a woman’s life or health. Several others — including Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana, Montana and Nebraska — either do not protect abortion under state law or are likely to pass laws forbidding the procedure without federal protections in place, according to the Guttmacher analysis. Meanwhile, 16 states and the District of Columbia have explicitly upheld access to abortion as a right. In New York, under 2019’s Reproductive Health Act, abortion is considered a legal right before a fetus is viable, or in all instances where the health of the mother is at stake. The disparity of access across the country is expected to lead to deep uncertainty, as women seeking abortions in states where it is criminalized consider traveling to states where the procedure remains legal. And while most of the laws now on the books criminalizing abortion target doctors and other providers, women seeking abortions may no longer have legal protections either. “Women are not as protected as they once were,” Carol Sanger, a professor of law and scholar of reproductive rights at Columbia University, told The Post. “[The decision means] abortion is no longer a right and it may be a crime — states can make it a crime.” Sanger said it wasn’t clear yet whether a woman living in a state that has outlawed abortion could be held criminally liable if she got an abortion in a state that considers the procedure legal. “There are ways to argue it both ways, and surely it will be,” she said. “We’re going to be in a period of several years of finding out what the court says is constitutionally permissible.” “People are going to have to tolerate a lot of uncertainty, and the uncertainty alone will influence what kind of decisions women will make,” she added. Another legal battle to come in the wake of the Supreme Court decision will center around the abortion pill, the method of choice for the majority of US abortions. While the pill is banned in states outlawing abortion, the FDA last year made permanent its COVID-era allowances for the pill to be delivered by mail to those seeking to terminate a pregnancy. Whether and how states outlawing such deliveries in the wake of Friday’s ruling remains to be seen.