Mayor Eric Adams has officially backed Gov. Kathy Hochul’s bid for a full term in office. “I need a partner, we need a partner,” he told the crowd at a union’s auditorium in Manhattan Wednesday. “I could not be more proud to state today as the mayor of the city of New York, let’s put Kathy Hochul back into the Governor’s Mansion.” The support from Adams could help Hochul — who already has a 40-point lead in the June upcoming race, according to a recent poll — seal the deal in her campaign for the Democratic Party’s ballot line in the November general election. In the upcoming June 28 primaries, Hochul is set to face Rep. Tom Suozzi of Long Island and Public Advocate Jumaane Williams. While Adams has praised Suozzi — even wanting the congressman to be his deputy mayor — the former Nassau County executive’s crime-focused campaign has struggled to get off the ground. He clocked in at just 17% support from Democrats in a survey from Emerson College Polling/PIX11/The Hill released Monday. Jumaane Williams, a left-wing former councilman, has also struggled to earn support in the race, registering just 6% in the most recent poll. A poll released in March showed Williams with 12% support and Suozzi with 11%. During a Wednesday morning appearance on NY1, Adams revealed he recently spoke to Williams about backing Hochul — while praising him. “I spoke with him over the weekend, and Jumaane, I think, serves a real role as the public advocate,” he told host Pat Kiernan. “He brings a vision to what his office should do, but I I believe that we’re making the right decision.” Asked by Kiernan why he waited until weeks away from the election to endorse the governor, Adams replied that he had been “caught up with” city and state spending plans that have been finalized in recent months, and was “dealing with crime.” Since Adams took office on Jan. 1, Hochul has formed an alliance with the mayor, advocating for many of Adams’ state-level legislative priorities. She requested that members of the Senate and Assembly grant him a four-year extension of mayor control of city schools, and to pass laws expanding a judge’s ability to hold criminal defendants behind bars. But those efforts were stymied by City Hall’s ineffective Albany lobbying effort and many Democratic state lawmakers’ opposition to reversing left-wing criminal justice reforms they enacted just three years ago. Hochul and state lawmakers agreed to only slightly tweak progressive pre-trial policies — igniting outrage from some moderate Democrats, police and Republicans — and just a two-year extension of mayoral control with measures on which Adams disapproved. If Hochul wins her race, she will in the November general election seeking to hold on to her post she ascended to in August following Andrew Cuomo’s resignation. The GOP primary race appears up for grabs, though Rep. Lee Zeldin held a decisive lead in earlier polls. Just over a third of “very likely” Republican voters are supporting Zeldin (R-Suffolk County) compared to 16% for former Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino, 15% for businessman Harry Wilson and 13% for former White House aide Andrew Giuliani.