The Manhattan penthouse formerly owned by the disgraced late Bernie Madoff has hit the market for $15 million. The Upper East Side apartment at 133 E. 64th St. was last purchased by real estate investor Lawrence Benenson in 2014 for $14 million. This marks the third time since Madoff’s arrest on Dec. 11, 2008, that the notorious three-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom residence has been listed for sale. The first buyer was toy mogul Al Kahn and his wife Patsy, who bought it in 2010 for $8 million. The Kahns moved in shortly after it suffered a “mysterious fire.” The prewar building, where Madoff had lived with his wife, Ruth, since 1984 and even became president of the co-op board, was seized after his arrest. The Kahns first put the pad back on the market in August 2013, asking $17.25 million. But they were forced to reduce the price several times, and during the year it took to go into contract, they separated and divorced. “[Alfred] was worried about the karma, but I just loved the terrace,” Patsy told The Post at the time. It doesn’t appear that Benenson is trying to profit off of the sale. He will break even if he’s able to score the asking price. The listing can also include an adjacent apartment in the building owned by Benenson for a total of $18.5 million. Benenson Capital Partners, which manages over 200 commercial and residential properties in the New York area, dates back to 1905. The Post has reached out to Benenson for comment. The penthouse unit number has changed from Penthouse A to Penthouse S and has been redecorated with more somber tones, according to Crain’s. According to the listing, a private elevator landing opens onto a south-facing center gallery. The great room features a wood-burning fireplace and soaring ceilings with landscaped terraces on all three sides. Views as far as Central Park can be seen in the distance. The dining room also has a wood-burning fireplace. Adjacent to the dining room is an eat-in kitchen with a separate breakfast room. The bedroom level consists of three full bedrooms, each with an en-suite bath. The primary bedroom has a wood-burning fireplace and comes with an expansive and renovated bathroom, a dressing room and a walk-in-closet. The photos of the Lenox Hill home shown are from the 2014 listing held by Douglas Elliman. John Burger of Brown Harris Stevens has the current listing. But Madoff isn’t the only infamous resident to have ever lived in the building. Former NBC host Matt Lauer purchased a four-bedroom unit there in 2004 for $5.9 million. He sold it for $8 million in 2018, shortly after his firing from the network amid sexual misconduct allegations. Meanwhile, Madoff’s Hamptons home is still on sale for $22.5 million. It has glided on and off the market over the last few years. Madoff died in a prison hospital of natural causes at age 82 last April. He was serving a 150-year sentence for orchestrating the largest Ponzi scheme in history, defrauding his clients of just under $65 billion.