The White House is transporting “single adult men” on flights to suburban New York meant to resettle migrant children under the cover of night, GOP gubernatorial candidate Rob Astorino claimed on Wednesday. Astorino — who is looking to unseat Democratic Gov. Kathy Hochul this fall — told reporters outside Stewart International Airport that one 20-year-old male migrant was placed into Westlake High School in Westchester County as a junior and is now 21 years old. “I mean, by any definition, that is an adult,” Astorino said. “I can tell you — and we have video — that it is not just the little kids with backpacks being reunited, reunified with their families … it is an expansion of this program,” the former Westchester County executive added. “And what’s happening is we’re having on video, clearly seeing many teenage boys, late teen, early 20s, who are single adult men, who are getting off these flights.” Single adult males are the demographic most often turned away by border authorities, as they are more likely to be deemed economic migrants rather than legitimate asylum claimants. The resettlement flights have been landing at Westchester airports since at least October of last year, when their existence was exclusively reported by The Post. They were briefly suspended following the exposé, but have since started up again. During Wednesday’s press conference, Astorino detailed two recent flights for which he claimed taxpayers are “paying the bill.” The first one, Flight 9446, arrived at Stewart Airport at 10:59 p.m. May 19 while the second, Fight 9462, landed at 12:13 a.m. May 22. Both flights came in from Jacksonville after originating in El Paso, Texas. “This is happening frequently,” Astorino said, later adding that a third flight landed in Westchester around 11 p.m. Tuesday. As some of the resettled migrant children arrive in the region and are enrolled in local schools, Astorino charged they are taking resources away from other students. “I know other superintendents — all of whom are afraid to speak out — but they get a list of students that are entering their school district, all of whom are non-citizens, none of whom speak English, and all of whom require services, free lunch and meals [and are] required to have teachers that are taking away from the students of those districts,” he claimed. “I hear from teachers and I hear from superintendents, all of whom have said to me, ‘There are dozens of students coming into our school district since September’ … I mean every new flight brings new kids and they’re going into school districts,” he continued. Astorino claimed the migrant children have been bused to districts in the five boroughs, the Hudson Valley, Long Island, Albany, Connecticut and New Jersey. While the Republican did say he wants the children “to be safe,” he blasted the Biden administration’s policies for leading them across the border in the first place. “We have a system of laws, allegedly, none of which are being enforced. An open border where we have a federal government waving everybody in,” he said, calling the administration’s response to the influx of migrants crossing the southern border “a complete mockery of our laws.” Astorino blasted Hochul and President Biden over the issue on Wednesday, saying he has not received a response from the president after sending a letter on the matter to the White House in February. “The governor has again, I guess, no care who’s stepping off these planes,” he said. “I think it’s the right of our citizens for public safety issues, public health issues, and obviously the public’s right to know who is coming off those planes [and] where are they going? “We’re getting zero answers from Kathy Hochul and our US government.” In April, the Department of Health and Human Services told The Post that its Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) “is legally required to provide for the care and custody of all unaccompanied children … until they are appropriately and safely released to a vetted sponsor.” “It is our legal responsibility to provide safe, appropriate care to unaccompanied migrant children during the time they are in our custody, and that includes transportation to vetted sponsors while they await immigration proceedings,” HHS said. At the time, the department clarified that ORR “only cares for unaccompanied children 17 years of age and younger.” HHS did not immediately respond to The Post’s inquiry regarding Astorino’s claim.