Formula 1 icon James Hunt is fondly remembered for his incredible skill on the track, and his legendary charm off it. The late, great British idol earned untouchable status as a champion and as a playboy during his 1970s and 1980s pomp. Hunt is rumored to have bedded 5,000 women as he lived life to the max. These are said to have included 35 British Airways air hostesses during his run to the 1976 F1 World Championship title. Hunt tragically passed away in 1993 aged just 45 after suffering a heart attack. His memory lives on nearly 30 years later, with many fondly recalling his amazing wins, as well as his womanizing. Hunt’s son Freddie has played down his dad’s alleged drug use… but not his ability with the opposite sex. He told The Times: “I can’t vouch for the number of women but I know that Dad wasn’t a junky. “He just liked getting loose at parties. He took coke, but he wasn’t a cokehead.” Freddie then cheekily added: “We do behave quite similarly. Then again, my mum was pretty naughty too.” In the build-up to the 1976 Japanese Grand Prix, legend has it that Hunt bedded 35 air hostesses. Freddie, who wouldn’t be born for another 11 years, told the Mirror: “There were witnesses. There was a fresh supply of hostesses. “They would come to the hotel, stop over, then get on the plane the next day. There was a different one every night.” Prior to his legendary 1976 exploits, Hunt had been married to model, actress and dancer Suzy Miller. Suzy left him for actor Richard Burton, however, leaving him an eligible bachelor. Hunt went on to marry second wife Sarah Lomax in 1983, with whom he had children Tom and Freddie. Following his break-up with Sarah he found love again with Helen Dyson, 18 years his junior. Hunt would propose to Helen in 1993, before tragically passing away the very next day. His story was brought to the big screen in the 2013 blockbuster movie Rush, starring Hollywood A-Lister Chris Hemsworth as Hunt. Quizzed about how the role compared to playing Marvel’s Thor, Hemsworth admitted: “They were both intimidating. “But this was particularly nerve-wracking because he was an iconic person and he is also no longer alive, which adds pressure because I had to live up to the memory. “At the same time, this challenge makes it kind of thrilling. “The two go hand in hand. There were so many resources, people to talk to and so much information to take in.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.