“Obi-Wan Kenobi” star Ewan McGregor slammed social media users who sent his co-star Moses Ingram hundreds of racist messages — calling them fake “Star Wars” fans. “I just wanted to say as the leading actor in the series, as the executive producer on the series, that we stand with Moses; we love Moses,” McGregor said in a video statement posted by the official “Star Wars” Twitter account Tuesday night. “And if you’re sending her bullying messages, you’re no ‘Star Wars’ fan in my mind. There’s no place for racism in this world and I totally stand with Moses,” he said. Ingram revealed on Monday that she received “hundreds” of racist messages since the Disney Plus series debuted on May 27. The 29-year-old actress, who plays a Jedi hunter Inquisitor named Reva, shared some of the messages to her Instagram stories. They include the use of the n-word, potential threats like “your days are numbered” and claims that she was a “diversity hire”. “There’s nothing anybody can do about this. There’s nothing anybody can do to stop this hate,” Ingram said in a video on her Instagram story. McGregor said his co-star shared some of the attacks she was sent with him, calling them  “the most horrendous, racist DMs.” “I heard some of them this morning and it just broke my heart,” McGregor said. He made sure to let fans know of Ingram’s value to the new series. “Moses is a brilliant actor, she’s a brilliant woman and she’s absolutely amazing in this series,” he said. “She brings so much to the series, she brings so much to the franchise and it just sickened me to my stomach to hear that this had been happening.” McGregor’s video message followed earlier tweets from the official “Star Wars” account defending Ingram. “We are proud to welcome Moses Ingram to the Star Wars family and excited for Reva’s story to unfold. If anyone intends to make her feel in any way unwelcome, we have only one thing to say: we resist,” they wrote in a rare statement. “There are more than 20 million sentient species in the Star Wars galaxy, don’t choose to be a racist.” Fans were surprised Ingram received so much hate. “Why is she getting any hate at all?? She’s amazing,” a fan named Courtney Osborn tweeted. This is not the first time actors in the “Star Wars” franchise have faced racism from hostile fans. Kelly Marie Tran, 33, received backlash online for her role as Rose Tico in “The Last Jedi,” and John Boyega, 30, also experienced racism after being cast as Finn in the “Star Wars” sequel trilogy. 