It was the fart of the deal. “90 Day Fiancé” star Stephanie Matto, who infamously bragged about earning more than $200,000 selling jars of her organic gas and boob sweat, claims she’s been shunned by her family and kicked off TikTok over her bizarre money-making schemes. An Instagram video detailing the wind-breaking news is currently blowing up online. “Selling ta ta sweat and $1,000 toot jars has gotten my 130K TikTok account removed, shame from my Eastern European family, and landed me in the hospital with a fart attack,” moaned Matto, 31, in the caption to her now-viral video shared with her 303,000 followers. “Sometimes I wonder if it’s all worth it?” The Connecticut-based reality-TV star first made waves in December after letting it rip that she raked in $50,000 in one week by hawking her jarred farts on her very own adult subscription site called Unfiltrd. Matto said her inbox was “flooded daily with people wanting to purchase jars” — and that people frequently request videos of the production process from caboose to container. Alas, the independent natural-gas producer ceased her smelly side hustle in January after suffering the aforementioned “fart attack” while trying to squeeze one out. Left with no other recourse, Matto claimed she decided to undergo a “drastic” career shift, and began selling bottles of her boob sweat, which earned her a mind-boggling $5,000 every month. The perspiration purveyor said it can take her just 15 minutes to produce a jar full of breast sweat if she’s lounging by her pool on a sunny day. Unfortunately, while certainly lucrative, the self-proclaimed fart-trepreneur reportedly received a barrage of backlash over her unorthodox ventures. Earlier this week, the mammary-juice magnate claimed her TikTok account, which allegedly boasted 130,000 followers, was suspended without warning, Jam Press reported. “I’m absolutely devastated”, Matto told NeedToKnow.Online. “TikTok didn’t give me any explanation and it’s honestly quite sad to me.” The streaming platform has not responded to requests for comment regarding Matto’s claims. Meanwhile, the gassy gal added, “I know plenty of creators doing much worse, showing much more skin than me.” The reason for the ban is yet unclear, however TikTok currently prohibits “nudity and sexual activity include content that is overtly revealing of breasts, genitals, anus, or buttocks, or behaviors that mimic, imply, or display sex acts,” per its Community Guidelines. The video-sharing platform’s not the only one saying ta-ta. “As far as my family, my mother is OK but my extended family in Czech Republic has completely shunned me and gives me a tough time,” the former flatulence merchant lamented. “They’ve basically told me they don’t want anything to do with my business and work, and so I shield them from it.” She continued, “They’re very conservative and I know that they’ll never understand what I do and why I do it. Despite the backlash, Matto says she’s determined to follow her fart. “It motivates me more to keep going, and at least my mum is coming around more,” she said. Meanwhile, in the aforementioned Instagram post, the businesswoman declared, “It aint easy being Queen, I have more haters than I can count! But I never quit and I never stop! I am like the terminator. #illbeback.” She also urged her legions of fans to follow her new TikTok account at @stephaniematto. Needless to say, Matto’s rootin’-tootin’ Instagram followers have rallied behind the trailblazing businesswoman. “Just keep going! People are afraid of people that are different and original!” cheered Iranian actress Uldouz Wallace. Former Playboy model Char Borley added, “Being a queen is never easy is it.” Ultimately, Matto says that haters will never understand the farts, sweat and tears that have gone into her career choice. “What so little people see is that the farts, the sweat, are all just smoke and mirrors,” she vented in her latest Instagram post. “I work my ass and tittays off every day on building a life for myself because I never grew up with opportunities just handed to me. Everything I have I bought and built on my own. In time the world will see that. For now, stay mad.”