Prince Louis’ recent impish display has royal disciples comparing him to the Devil incarnate. The youngest heir to the British throne stole the show at Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee over the weekend while sporting a series of animated facial expressions, during events celebrating the monarch’s 70-year reign. The 4-year-old’s antics have already inspired dozens of viral memes. Now, “Will & Grace” producer Gary Janetti has commented on the high-class clown — by creating a hilarious parody trailer that compares the pint-sized prince to devilish Damien Thorn from the 1976 horror flick “The Omen.” Janetti, who is known for his popular posts poking fun at the royal family, shared his comic creation to Instagram on Monday, where it quickly garnered thousands of likes. The video riffs on “The Omen,” a film which revolves around the mysterious events and violent deaths that afflict the wealthy Thorn family after young Damien enters childhood. The clan later comes to realize that the youngster is actually the Antichrist. Janetti’s parody trailer begins with archival footage of Prince William and Kate Middleton, overdubbed with narration from the original trailer by director Richard Donner. “For generations, the Thorns have been a family of tremendous wealth, position and power. The perfect marriage of Ambassador Robert Thorn and his wife Katherine was fulfilled by the birth of their son, Damien,” the narrator forebodingly states. The clip then cuts to a 2018 vision of the elated Duke and Duchess showing off Louis on the steps of a London hospital just days after he was born. Ominously, the spoof narrator continued, “But when the child was 5 years old, something terrible happened.” Janetti included footage of Louis, captured on Sunday, which appeared to show the high-class clown throwing a temper tantrum in front of mom Middleton, during one of the Jubilee’s several parade events. The “Family Guy” writer also added a clip from last Thursday’s Trooping the Colour military flyover, showing the youngster screaming on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Viewers immediately praised Janetti’s mashup “perfection.” “This is without a doubt your best work,” one viewed gushed. “I was waiting for your take,” another added. “You never disappoint!” Janetti previously served as an executive producer on “Will & Grace,” and created the British sitcom “Vicious,” before becoming a bona fide social media sensation with his posts about the royal family. The comedian, who boasts close to a million followers on Instagram, parlayed his popular account into an HBO Max parody cartoon series in 2021, titled “The Prince.” It was cancelled after one season.