Under normal circumstances, the men’s side of a Grand Slam is usually pretty straightforward. Sure, you may see a surprise player pop up with a run into the quarterfinals or even reach the semis, but almost always we end up with one of the tournament favorites hoisting the trophy. Only two of the last 21 Grand Slams were won by players other than the “Big 3” of Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic or Rafael Nadal, and those two champions — Dominic Thiem and Daniil Medvedev — were both among the favorites ahead of their respective victories. You’d have to go back to Marin Cilic’s 2014 US Open victory to find the last longshot victor at a men’s tennis slam. But all of a sudden this year’s Wimbledon is ripe for chaos. Coming into the tournament, it felt like there was a pretty short list of players who could win at the All England Club. Novak Djokovic was the odds-on favorite and he had familiar company near the top of the odds. Matteo Berrettini was the trendy second-choice at +550, then it was Nadal at +700, followed by his protege, Carlos Alcaraz, at +1200. After Alcaraz came Hubert Hurkacz (+1400), Felix Auger-Aliassime (+1600), Stefanos Tsitsipas (+2200), Nick Kyrgios (+2500) and Marin Cilic (+2500). We’re just three days into the tournament and Berrettini (Covid), Hurkacz, Auger-Aliassime, and Cilic (Covid) are all out of the draw. That’s four of the top-10 favorites in a field that was already missing Daniil Medvedev, who likely would have been in the same range as Berrettini, and Andrey Rublev, who would have been in the Kyrgios/Cilic range, because of the ban on Russian players. What’s more is that none of the favorites that are still standing have been all that impressive through the first three days. Djokovic and Nadal each dropped a set in uninspiring Round 1 performances, Kyrgios needed to go five sets against World No. 219 Paul Jubb and Alcaraz — who has very little grass court experience to begin with — endured a marathon against Jan-Lennard Struff in his curtain-raiser before taking care of Tallon Griekspoor in Round 2. All of this is to say, that for the first time in nearly two decades, it feels like anybody can win at Wimbledon. Here are two players at long odds who can give you a run for your money, with odds from BetMGM. It’s all about the path for Alex De Minaur. The 19th-seed is staring down World No. 94 Jack Draper in Round 2 and then would likely face clay-court specialist Diego Schwartzman for a chance to make the Round of 16. And while Schwartzman boasts a higher ranking than De Minaur, the Aussie has proven himself to be a much more adept player on grass compared to Schwartzman, who is 7-13 on the lawn in his career. If De Minaur can navigate through his next two matches, he could be odds-on to come out of his quarter, depending on how the other section — which is much trickier — pans out. Perhaps the best five-set grinder outside of the big guns, Roberto Bautista-Agut is one of the few longshots on the board that boasts a strong track record at Wimbledon. The 34-year-old Spaniard has an 18-7 record at the All England Club and reached the semifinal here back in 2019, so he’s comfortable playing in these conditions. Like De Minaur, it is not outlandish to think that RBA can handle his path to the semifinal. With Berrettini out, Kyrgios, Tsitsipas and Denis Shapovalov are the most viable threats ahead of the quarterfinals, and all three of them could have major issues with the way RBA plays. Should he get through to the quarters, De Minaur, Schwartzman or someone even lower on the pecking order would await, all of which would be winnable matchups for Bautista-Agut. Although RBA is a couple years removed from his salad days, his path, pedigree and playing style make him an absolute whopper of a punt at this price.