Fallen movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is facing new criminal charges in the UK, Britain’s Crown Prosecution Service announced Wednesday. The CPS’s Special Crime Division has authorized London’s Metropolitan Police to charge Weinstein, 70, with two counts of indecent assault against a woman – raps that stem from an incident that happened over 25 years ago. “Charges have been authorized against Harvey Weinstein, 70, following a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation,” Rosemary Ainslie, the head of CPS’s Special Crime Division, said in a news release. “The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against the defendant are active and that he has the right to a fair trial.” The victim in the case is now in her 50s and told Metropolitan Police the incident happened during the summer of 1996, sometime between July 31 and August 31, the agency said in a news release. “The Met Police has updated all those whose allegations formed part of this investigation,” London police said in a news release without elaborating further. Juda Engelmayer, a spokesman for Weinstein, told The Post British authorities have yet to interview the former film industry titan. “We were caught by surprise, it’s a little alarming that [the allegation] goes so far back,” he said. “We haven’t seen a charge sheet and they haven’t questioned Harvey.” He called it “strange” that law enforcement in England released information about the pending case before speaking to Weinstein. “It seems a little bit sketchy, maybe someone [in the UK] wants some quick and easy media,” he said. “We don’t know how they plan on making him respond.” Engelmayer said he’s so far largely in the  dark about the details of the allegation. “We don’t think it’s a rape [claim], it’s some other assault  from 1996.” British authorities have been investigating Weinstein since at least October 2017 after a slew of women came forward with accusations following exposés from The New York Times and The New Yorker that first revealed the producer’s serial sex abuse. At least 11 women reported 16 alleged sexual assaults to London police, four of which happened outside of Scotland Yard’s jurisdiction, Variety reported in 2018. The attacks span from the early 1980s through 2015 and one of the accusers told police she was assaulted in Westminster in the mid-1990s, the outlet said, citing a statement from Metropolitan Police. It’s not immediately clear who the 1996 accuser is or what the circumstances of the incident are. Weinstein is locked up at the Los Angeles County jail as he awaits trial on 11 charges of rape and sexual assault. He’s already been sentenced to 23 years behind bars for similar raps in New York.