A British mom is to marry a man she’s never met who sends ”beautiful” letters from US jail where he is serving 20 to 40 years for his part in a murder. Laura O’Sullivan, 32, from Bristol, is yet to meet Terrell Ravon Reese, 31, whom she got in touch with last October via JPay, an app that helps prisoners find penpals. Two months after they started talking and exchanging messages, the 31-year-old proposed to Laura, a single mom-of-four, who said he was all she had ever wanted. “I thought it was friggin’ nuts, friggin’ crazy, but I couldn’t control my feelings and stop my heart. “He’s all I have ever wanted.” Terrell, her now fiance, ended up behind bars after being convicted of a second-degree murder in 2009, when he was 18. At the time, the teen had plotted to rob another teenager in Detroit with an accomplice after arranging a car sale. But this changed the moment the other thug appeared holding an AK-47, saying “Don’t nobody move,” and repeatedly shot and killed him. Unlike his friend who was never convicted and escaped justice, Terrell was caught after fleeing the scene and jailed, aged 19, for homicide. Hearing the story, Laura was impressed by Terrell’s “honesty” when he volunteered information about his crime. “My initial thought was like, ‘Sh**,’ because it sounds so bad. “But he didn’t pull the trigger. ”He was young and stupid, in the wrong place at the wrong time and it got him imprisoned for most of his life.” Now, over a decade on from the fatal incident, Laura believes Terrell is a very different man to the teenager he was on that day. “Terrell was caught up in a lot of stuff. “He does regret that he didn’t have more of a voice and went along with stuff. ”He wishes he’d made better choices. “But he’s taken a lot of classes in prison. ”He goes to church, he has learnt sign language – he has taught himself a lot for someone thrown in prison as a teenager.” Laura, who is a part-time carer for her eldest son, hopes to fly out and finally meet her love once paperwork is ready – and marry him next year in the Ernest Brooks Correctional Facility. But up until then, the two talk daily on the phone, exchange letters and even have decided to have each other’s names inked on their hands. As well as revealing she enjoyed their ”phone sex’,’ Laura said she treasures his Valentine’s card message. “My wife, damn you just got me so in love….I won’t let go like a bird trying not to drop its fish,” read the sweet note. But although the mom said she does feel sorry for the victim’s family, she believes Terrell is paying for his crime. Sharing her story, Laura also admitted that not everyone supports their love and plans. “I get people telling me I’m stupid, but they’re uneducated. “I’ve given up my life for a man I’ve never met. ”I thought I’d be walking down an aisle, not ­marrying in prison. ”But my feelings are so strong. I couldn’t ask for more.” Speaking from jail, the fiance said: ”She is a beautiful human being and a beautiful soul.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.