Quincy Williams was a late addition to the 2021 Jets, getting claimed off of waivers just before the season began. Williams quickly learned the defense, became a reliable starter at inside linebacker and wound up second on the team with 110 tackles. He has bigger goals in 2022. “I’d like to speak it into existence so I will be a Pro Bowler this year,” Williams said Thursday. The Jets believed in Williams enough not to make any major additions at linebacker this offseason. He will be the starter alongside C.J. Mosley. Williams’ understanding of the defense has hit another level as he’s had more time in it. “I’m a lot more comfortable,” Williams said. “When I first got here it was a learning on-the-fly type of thing. I was mainly learning what’s my job. This offseason I’m learning what’s my job and how does it fit in the scheme. That’s the biggest thing. Now, I’m learning all parts of the defense.” Special teams coordinator Brant Boyer has been with the Jets longer than any other coach or player. Boyer was hired in 2016 by then-coach Todd Bowles. He has lasted through three head coaches, two general managers and nine different quarterbacks. Boyer has yet to experience a winning season with the Jets, but he sees hope in this year’s team. “I think that this team is on the rise,” Boyer said. “Again, I’m not going to put any expectations out there, butI think there is more competition at every spot than I’ve seen here since I’ve been hereI think Joe [Douglas, GM] and upstairs have done a fantastic job at bringing in more talent. I think they are going to be well coached across the board. The sky is the limit for this team. I think that we’ll surprise some people as far as how physical this team is going to play. I think we are faster and we’re bigger. I have high expectations. I think we are going to win some games this year, I really do. That’s just kind of how I feel about it.” The Stanley Cup paid a visit to the Jets on Thursday. It was in the middle of the practice fields for the OTA with players and coaches taking pictures of and with it. … Free agent OT Riley Reiff visited the Jets on Thursday. Reiff spent a good portion of practice watching with GM Joe Douglas and assistant GM Rex Hogan.