School ends, but learning never does. Sure, you might not hit the books as often, and most people stop needing calculus the same day they toss their cap at graduation. That doesn’t mean you’re done learning. It just means you have more control over what you do learn. The Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone is a way to decide what you learn and when you learn it, even if the “what” is French and the “when” is 3 am on a Saturday. For a limited time, you can start learning from these awesome courses for $159.20 (Reg. $1794) with code ROSETTA20 through July 18th! Having lifetime access to Rosetta Stone is kind of like promising yourself you’ll know how to ask where the bathroom is when you leave the country. Learn any of 24 languages one at a time using advanced speech-recognition technology, professionally designed lessons and activities, and more.  Start learning Spanish, French, Italian, German, Greek, Japanese, and so much more. Even if you’ve never tried learning a new language, you’ll have a place to start. Rosetta Stone starts you off simple. Match swords with images to build your vocabulary, and then in no time you’ll start stringing together phrases or even sentences. You might be writing full sentences faster than you think. Get help on your pronunciation from a world-renowned speech-recognition program, or start picking up conversational skills on common topics like shopping, commuting, and more. Whether you’re learning for travel, for fun, or for family, Rosetta Stone has materials to guide you. “Now I am finally [able] to learn the language of my family in law and at the speed that I want! Love the way they teach with pictures and no translations,” writes one reviewer. When you aren’t learning a new language, StackSkills can help you learn practically everything else. With this subscription, you get lifetime access to over 1,000 courses on topics running the range from art to business management and everything in between. Pick up a new hobby or learn a skill that can advance your career. Over 50 new courses are added every month, so you aren’t likely to run out of things to study. And you can track your progress the whole way through. Practice your French while you learn to play music. For a limited time, you can get The Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone on sale for $159.20 (Reg. $1794) with code ROSETTA20 through July 18th. Prices subject to change.