A very familiar face is coming back to the Batman universe. “Batgirl” directors Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah revealed that an old pal will be appearing in the upcoming HBO Max film. The two confirmed to Insider that Michael Keaton will be joining the “Batgirl” cast. Keaton, 70, starred as Bruce Wayne, a k a Batman, in Tim Burton’s 1989 film of the same name. The “Spotlight” actor reprised the character in the sequel, 1992’s “Batman Returns.” “Can we say anything?” El Arbi asked his co-director and longtime friend. “F – – k yes,” Fallah goofily replied back. “The O.G. Batman is in the movie.” Keaton is also set to reprise his role as the Caped Crusader in Warner Bros. upcoming superhero flick “The Flash.” However, the release date for “The Flash” has been moved a few times and fans may get to see Keaton in “Batgirl” first. While “Batgirl” recently finished filming, it is expected to premiere sometime later this year. “The Flash” is anticipated to drop June 23, 2023. “We don’t know when ‘Batgirl’ is coming out,” El Arbi noted. “No one told us nothing about tweaks, just to carry on.” “In the Heights” breakout star Leslie Grace is playing the eponymous superhero, who is also the daughter of Commissioner James Gordon (J.K. Simmons). Brendan Fraser was cast as the villain Firefly, a psychotic pyromaniac. Keaton previously alluded to putting on the Batman suit again, telling Deadline in March 2021 that it was a possibility. “You return something and say, ‘What is this?’ ” he quipped about picking up his superhero costume at the dry cleaners. “ ‘How come you gave me the Hulk’s outfit?’ ” “With [the ‘Batman’ reprise], I’m going to see what happens here,” the “Mr. Mom” actor said. “This is going to be kind of fun. We’ll see what happens.” Keaton added: “To tell you the truth, somewhere on my iPad is an iteration of the whole Flash thing that I haven’t had time yet … I called them and said, ‘I have to be honest with you. I can’t look at anything right now. I’m so deep into this thing I’m doing.’ “I’m not being cute or coy,” he joked. “If I talked about it, I’ll be just bulls – – tting you.”