Silver fox enthusiasts of the world: may I present to you the king of them all—Anderson Cooper. Known for his brilliant work as a news anchor and within American journalism, Cooper, 55, has solidified himself as more than just than just a reporter: he’s found his way into the heart of American pop culture as an icon, as well. Son to the beloved heiress Gloria Vanderbilt who passed away at 95, Cooper has shown that his talent, intellect and charm are what make him so very special and beloved nationwide. With a host of accolades to honor his work, Cooper proves that perseverance and integrity can lift you to the top. Cooper’s personal life has also been of major interest as an openly gay man raising children in a platonic co-parenting relationship. Fatherhood has proven to be one of the most important milestones for the new anchor, especially as he bonds with fellow pop culture icon, Andy Cohen and his child, despite not planning to leave his children an inheritance. So what does his birth chart say about him underneath it all? Was he groomed for greatness or did he have cosmic support on his side? Join me as we dive into his stars because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Anderson Cooper was born on June 3, 1967. This makes him a spicy Gemini Sun with a fiery Aries Moon. His birth time hasn’t been confirmed online, so instead, we’ll focus on the factors of which I can be certain. When it comes to elemental energy, his birth chart actually shows that he has a beautiful balance of all of them, but Air and Water certainly make their presence known. First off, this shows that he has tremendous communication abilities (duh), but he isn’t entirely ruled by his intellect. In fact, he also balances his perception of the world with his emotion, heart and intuition, too. This helps him to be deeply empathic and sensitive to those around him—and is a testament of what makes him such a brilliant reporter. Of course, he has plenty of fiery energy to him—which is hella sexy. TBH: I’m just gonna put this out here, our astrological compatibility is so off the charts that I would marry this guy in a second. 10 out of 10. Woof. Back to my breakdown and out of my dirty thoughts, we can see some very specific themes that arise within his chart. Cooper is courageous, confident and active. His outgoing and charismatic nature are seen repeatedly in the astrological aspects in his chart, especially with his Sun, ruling his life force, linked with his Mars, the planet of drive, sex and passion. His Sun also dances with Saturn, the planet of permanence, making him strong-willed and determined. This also shows that accomplishment, especially later in his life, was destined to be. Then, his Sun also points to Pluto, the planet of power and transformation, giving him the ability to stand up, pursue his goals with single-minded focus and find recognition and admiration for the depth of his work. His ability to be strong in mind, body and spirit are a lifelong treat. Sexy stars, Cooper, sexy stars… His Uranus, which is the planet of genius and the future, also kisses Neptune, the planet of imagination, as well as his Midheaven, his point of achievement in this lifetime.  He’s a visionary in many ways, but especially in the eyes of the public. His ability to not conform and break the cage has lifted him to further prominence and will continue to do so. The thing I found so charming about his birth chart, though, is not his sense of ambition. That is so very clear. However, the next major theme that comes through is that Cooper, at his core, is a lover. Partnerships are extremely important to him and that’s where he finds a great deal of his emotional support and strength—whether that be platonic, romantic or in business. He is an absolutely wonderful partner when he wants to be because he puts so much of himself in. Yes, he can jump headfirst in—but that only happens when the spark ignites and he sees a piece of himself or of what he wants to develop in the other person like a mirror. This captivates him, as if he wants to merge body and soul. Yes, he’s had some pretty important life lessons around relationships, especially with his Venus, the planet of love, clashing with his Moon, connected to his inner life. But his Venus is also united with Jupiter, the planet of miracles, and gorgeously spinning with Neptune, the planet of dreamers. Cooper is definitely on a lifelong search to find as many true soulmates that he can because a part of him will also have hope to dance with a twin flame. Looking forward, I can see a great deal into what lies ahead for Mr. Cooper. The funny thing is that he’s predominantly going through very significant transitions and life lessons about—you guessed it—true love and partnership. This is being activated in multiple ways for him and will continue to be for several years to come. Not only is Saturn teaching him—but eclipses, ruling destined events—are shaking up these themes in his life. This began in the spring of 2022 and will echo on until literally 2025. Boy, does the universe want to bring him passion and love. He’s also going to have further activation around children, too, which will teach him to step up in ways he still has yet to know. On a different note is that he also has an exciting shift happening in his professional life, too, as he begins to transition to new levels going forward. In a sense, Cooper is experiencing a rebirth in many ways—and the good thing is that I do think he will be very happy with them all no matter what in retrospect. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.