Unlike most people, this driver loves ramming his car. An Arkansas man known only as Nathaniel — for, uh, privacy reasons — is revving back into the headlines after saying he has “sex” with his 1998 Chevy Monte Carlo. The randy motorist, 37, revealed he was in a sexual relationship with his racy red automobile back in 2012, when he was featured on an episode of TLC’s “My Strange Addiction.” However, vintage YouTube clips of his bizarre auto erotica are just now going viral — globally. “I like to lean over his fender and across his hood and kind of press up against him,” Nathaniel said of how he engages in intercourse with his vehicle, which he has gendered as male and affectionately named “Chase.” “One of the more bold positions is for me to be underneath him,” he added, describing the sexual act as “special.” The dirty driver additionally revealed that he frequently masturbates while standing next to the parked car. Nathaniel suffers from objectophilia, whereby individuals develop strong sexual or romantic feelings for a specific inanimate object. Some academics have theorized that the condition could be linked with autism. Objectophilia is currently in the spotlight after German woman Sarah Rodo, 23, went viral earlier this week after revealing she was sexually attracted to her toy Boeing 737 and was making plans to marry the model airplane. Nathaniel told TLC that he bought his beloved Chevy at a resale lot in 2007, and instantly felt a sexual attraction. Footage from the program shows the sales technician affectionately kissing and caressing the hood of the car and saying “I love you, baby.” Nathaniel revealed he also likes being inside of Chase, and was seen stroking the vehicle’s steering wheel as he sat in the driver’s seat. “I don’t know why I feel the way I do, but I just know I absolutely love Chase,” he candidly confessed. Nathaniel revealed that his interest in cars began when he was a teenager, but he didn’t think much of it initially. He dated several women, but had never been in love until he laid eyes on Chase. Nathaniel spent five years secretly having sex with the vehicle, saying he was scared of the judgment he would face if he revealed his objectophilia. “I always worry about that little bit of disgust that somebody may have,” he stated. It’s unclear whether the Arkansas native is still in a relationship with the car, and he hasn’t spoken out publicly since the shocking TLC appearance. But Nathaniel isn’t the first person to attempt to have sex with a vehicle. Back in 2018, a drunk Kansas man was arrested after trying to put his penis into the tailpipe of a parked car. Cops has to subdue the perp with a stun gun after he refused to stop ramming the vehicle. Meanwhile, The Post has previously reported on people suffering from objectophilia. In 2019, Michele Köbke from Berlin was profiled about her unorthodox relationship with a model airplane.