Ghislaine Maxwell will seek to serve most of her prison time in the UK to escape the “inhuman” conditions she has suffered in her Brooklyn lockup, according to her family. Jeffrey Epstein’s notorious henchwoman — who faces up to 55 years in prison when sentenced later this month — believes British prisons are “far superior” to US ones, which are “a disgrace,” her family told The Telegraph. “Inevitably, we want her to serve the sentence here in the UK,” one of the disgraced socialite’s brothers, Ian Maxwell, 66, told the UK paper. “There is a program where overseas nationals can serve their time in the country of their nationality. There are precedents,” he said. The family recently filed an appeal to the United Nations over her prison conditions in the US. They have yet to appeal her conviction to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Maxwell, who holds American, French and British citizenship, would then need to spend the first three years in a US prison before being able to apply to return to the UK, the paper noted. “Ghislaine is fundamentally British despite having lived in the US for many years and having been born in France,” a close friend told The Times of London of the madam who has citizenship in all three nations. “Given the vile prison conditions in the US, if I were her I would want to be transferred to any civilized country,” the friend said. Maxwell, 60, spent nearly two years in solitary confinement before finally being moved into the general population of Brooklyn’s Metropolitan Detention Center last month, her brother previously revealed. However, her brother said that he flew 3,000 miles to Brooklyn for a pre-arranged visit last Wednesday — just to be refused entry because it was put on lockdown over a fight there. “I flew 6,000 miles for no reason,” he raged to The Telegraph at the time, calling the treatment “unreal,” “horrible” and “inhuman.” “In two years, this girl has had one family visit … I feel very sorry for Ghislaine,” he told the UK paper. It was just one of the key reasons for wanting Maxwell to eventually see out her sentencing in a UK prison, the brother and other sources said. “She wants to be in the UK to be closer to her family so she can have family visits,” a source told The Mail on Sunday. “The prisons in Britain are far superior to those in the US and the Brits treat prisoners more humanely. The American system is a disgrace. “If she has to spend time in prison she would rather do it in the UK, where people are treated fairly and with a measure of decency.”