There is no better example of the unholy trinity of Hollywood, politics and the press smugly lecturing America it must do better than Amber Heard’s 2018 Washington Post op-ed headlined “I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.” The piece was ostensibly a call for congressional action “in a transformative political moment” from “an actress and ambassador on women’s rights at the American Civil Liberties Union” — but was actually a well-placed part of a smear campaign meant to ruin the reputation of a man who didn’t give her enough millions in their divorce. Johnny Depp sued his ex-wife for defamation over the column; the suburban Washington jury that heard Depp v. Heard delivered justice. And not just for the actor — the jury sent a clear message about what Heard and the movement she supposedly stands for have inflicted on America. Depp can buy new, feces-free sheets. Repairing his reputation will be more difficult. Harder still will be undoing the damage done to us all by the insistence that we must believe every woman every time. (As long as the man isn’t a useful Democrat, anyway.) The nation wasn’t riveted for weeks because Depp kept us entertained with jokes about whence the comely-but-crazy Heard got her roles and how he gave shock-rocker Marilyn Manson drugs “so that he would stop talking so much.” Would-be spectators didn’t line the streets around the Fairfax, Va., courthouse so they could get a glimpse of a celebrity. Well, not just for those things. The case caught attention partly because of a spreading backlash to the excesses of the MeToo movement. In her fateful op-ed, Heard wrote that “men have the power — physically, socially and financially” but also noted: “Women’s rage and determination to end sexual violence are turning into a political force.” Indeed, that rage turned into power in many cases, as the left insisted that any accusation be accepted uncritically. Heard said in a statement after the verdict — which was overseen by a glass-ceiling-busting female judge — “It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously.” No, enabling liars and grifters who undermine victims who need our aid and compassion does that. Amber Heard hasn’t done a thing to help any woman but herself. Kelly Jane Torrance is The Post’s op-ed editor. Twitter: @KJTorrance