1969. That’s when Rei Kawakubo founded and created the iconic Japanese label Comme Des Garçons. She crafted both unconventional and stunning fashion offerings that tipped the world on its head. Flash forward to 2002, and the visionary clothing brand transformed the industry with the drop of their street-oriented PLAY sub brand complete with iconic looks, designs and apparel. Since then, shoppers everywhere have been able to take part in the distinctive brand and experience the undeniable feeling of luxe and allure through purchasing Converse, hoodies and T-shirts. Still defying trends through their casual, youthful approach and bold colors, Comme Des Garçons PLAY can be found in top retailers such as Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, SSENSE and FARFETCH. But perhaps the most notable news on the brand is it’s current sale going on now as Saks Fifth Avenue. Starting June 9 until June 12, shoppers can take 20% off select men’s Comme Des Garçons PLAY items using the code CDG22SF. Check out our below selects to shop the highly favored sale or click here for the full lineup of products. The iconic heart logo adorns the chest of this streetwear sweatshirt. The rib-knit cuffs and hem also add further detail to this find making it that much more desirable. Featuring a crewneck and complete with a short sleeves, this soft cotton tee shows off the brand’s signature heart emblem with pride. Choose from black and white colroways. Available in both pink and blue, this pullover fitted long sleeve stands out due to its classic striped pattern. Above all, the signature graphic heart is embroidered onto the right side of the chest. Show off the Comme Des Garçons PLAY with pride as you strut in this T-shirt featuring the brand’s oversized iconic heart. Choose from pink and neon green. Take you basic white T-shirt to new heights with this uncanny peek-a-boo Comme Des Garçons PLAY design. You’re sure to stand out in this one. Similar to the light blue and pink striped long sleeve above, this one features the same popular heart patch. However, this black colorway is sure to pair effortlessly with just about everything in your wardrobe. If you’re searching for a classy take on the streetwear brand, this is the fashion choice for you. The knit design features a subtle heart graphic will still paying homage to the brand. Take the well-known heart off of the chest and move it to the sleeves with this relaxed cotton long sleeve. Available in black, white and navy, this polo is both sporty and trendy. The front two buttons and slim-fit silhouette also make this find a must-have. Three hearts one one shirt? Yes! Best of all, one sets itself apart with its polka dot design. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.