After a brutal six-week defamation trial, the jury ultimately decided Wednesday that Amber Heard defamed Johnny Depp on three counts after deliberating for just 13 hours. The jury awarded Depp $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages. Virginia law states that punitive damages must be capped at $350,000, meaning Depp will actually receive a maximum total of $10.35 million. Heard was awarded $2 million in compensatory damages and no punitive damages. “The disappointment I feel today is beyond words,” Heard’s team told The Post in a statement. “I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence and sway of my ex-husband. “I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously,” Heard’s statement continues. “I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK. “I’m sad I lost this case,” Heard’s statement concluded. “But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American — to speak freely and openly.” Depp, 58, sued his ex-wife Heard for $50 million after she penned a Washington Post op-ed claiming an ex abused her. While she never named Depp, he claimed the essay damaged his career and potential earnings. Heard, then, countersued for $100 million for saying her abuse claims were falsified. The jury ultimately found that while Heard was guilty on all claims of defamation, Depp only defamed his ex once, when Adam Waldman told the Daily Mail Heard set Depp up in a “hoax” when police visited their apartment in 2016. In the courtroom, Depp’s team of attorneys shook hands and celebrated, despite the star’s absence. “Due to previously scheduled work commitments made before the trial, Mr. Depp will not be physically present for today’s 3 p.m. verdict and will be watching from the United Kingdom,” a source told The Post today, while Heard’s team slammed the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star. “Your presence shows where your priorities are. Johnny Depp plays guitar in the UK while Amber Heard waits for a verdict in Virginia,” a representative for Heard, who was present in court, told The Post, a nod to a surprise rock show Depp played in England with Jeff Beck over the weekend. “Depp is taking his snickering and lack of seriousness on tour.” Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this web story: Yet, the pro-Depp verdict comes after weeks of countless fans flocking in hordes to the courthouse, showing support for Depp and sneering at Heard as the two battled out their high-profile case. Following the verdict announcement, Depp released a lengthy statement of gratitude, saying he was “humbled” by the jury’s decision. “The jury gave me my life back,” his statement read. “The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. ‘Truth never perishes.'”