A model and two of her friends were charged over the death of a webcam girl who fell 80 feet from a hotel during a “sex party”. Evgeniia Smirnova, 37, fell to her death from the eighth floor of a resort in Phuket, Thailand, on May 31. American man Jamaal Smith , 38, Jordanian man Ahmad Alatoom, 28, and Russian woman Natalia Kosenkova, 35, have all be charged with recklessness causing death. All three face 10 years each in prison if convicted. Cops said the three friends claim Evgeniia was very drunk when she climbed an outside staircase between the seventh and eighth floors, reports The Bangkok Post. Police chief Amphon Buarapphonand an autopsy found a very high alcohol level in her blood. He added however that cops are continuing a murder probe into her deaths and are searching for any signs of physical assault or dispute. Evgenia was found wearing just her underwear with fatal head injuries and a broken leg after falling from the complex. She was found clutching human hair in her hand which Thai police were testing for DNA. The Russian woman is known to have had social media accounts under another name and live-streamed shows on adult sites until shortly before her death. In one, she introduced herself as “a web model” and welcomed viewers into her closed online room. Smirnova was originally from Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, and moved to Moscow where she left for Phuket on May 25. Reports citing police said there was evidence of a “sex, drugs and alcohol party” at the Emerald Terrace condominium complex from which Smirnova plunged to her death. Kosenkova, a model and DJ who once worked as a dental assistant and travelled to Dubai and Ukraine, previously said Smirnova’s death was an “unfortunate incident”. She said: ““The only thing I can say is that this was an unfortunate incident, but it was not a murder,  and none of the people involved are to blame.” And she denied reports in the Thai media that the party involved sex and drugs, amid claims that condom wrappers and finely-ground cannabis had been found by police. “I didn’t know Evgenia Smirnova until that evening. I didn’t know the girl, she just came to the party where we were. “And she called her friend [Alatoom], who came, too, and behaved inappropriately. “I can say that me and my friend [Smith], who I have known for a long time, behaved with dignity and decency. “The police trust us. The police say they are not worried about us.” She added:  “I am just a tourist here… I’ve been living here for five months. “I’m an ordinary tourist. It was a regular boozefest – someone dies here every day.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.