The story from the first day of the LIV Golf International Series, the Greg Norman-fronted, Saudi-backed venture that began with its inaugural event Thursday outside of London, was never going be about birdies and bogeys. The debut of the upstart rebel tour with a team element to it — which has posed such a threat to the PGA Tour that the PGA Tour issued suspensions to any of its players who competed in it — is not about the golf. Not now anyway. But we’ll get the golf part out of the way first. Former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel, with a 5-under 65, leads the three-day, 54-hole event entering Day 2. Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson, the two marquee names lured to the tour by nine-figure guaranteed Saudi money (Mickelson for a reported $200 million and DJ for $125 million) are tied for seventh at 1-under par. The essence of the golf at this event lies in the players who are ahead of Mickelson and Johnson. Someone named Hennie Du Plessis is in second place at 4-under followed by someone named Phachara Khongwatmai and someone named Scott Vincent, both of whom are 3-under. The whole day, watched on a streaming broadcast — available on YouTube, Facebook and LIV Golf’s website — looked kind of like a golf tournament you’d watch on TV, but it looked odd, sometimes a bit awkward. There were no commercials and a lot of golf to watch. The TV announcers, paid to play this thing up like it’s bigger than the upcoming 150th anniversary of the Open Championship at St. Andrews in terms of pageantry and significance to the history of the game, did just that. And that was somewhat comical. So, too, were the commentators’ claims of massive crowds on the grounds watching the golf and how the event was “sold out.’’ The LIV Golf people declined to announce the actual attendance, but there was apparently a cap of 8,000. For context, the U.S. Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass., next week will have about 35,000 fans per day. The Mickelson presence there, too, looked odd. An on-course reporter interviewed him on the first tee moments before the first shots were hit and joked awkwardly about how much she was looking forward to see him “hitting bombs’’ and “seeing his calves’’ this week. Mickelson wasn’t wearing a single corporate logo on any of his apparel (they dropped him after his controversial comments about the Saudis and the PGA Tour were published in February). He, too, weirdly was wearing a vest that had a Masters logo on it that appeared to be blacked out. The entire vibe of the tournament and the broadcast is clearly to draw a younger audience. The shotgun start for the 48-man field made the day of golf — about 4 ¹/₂-hour rounds — go quickly. There were 25 black London taxis that drove the players to their respective starting tees. Speaking of 25, the total purse for the event is $25 million, the richest golf event ever. There, too, is a team element to the event, with team captains (Mickelson’s team is called “Hy Flyers’’ and DJ’s is “Aces’’). But there are no World Ranking points involved. There’s no cut, not much atmosphere and no pressure since all of the players in the field are going to make some pretty good dough by the time it’s over. So, what is it? It’s a very high-priced exhibition at the moment. The strength of the 48-player field is as deep as a baby pool. After Johnson, the World Ranking of the players drops precipitously. And, quite frankly, there are a number of players in the field even the ardent golf fan is hard-pressed to have even heard of. See: Hennie Du Plessis, Phachara Khongwatmai and Scott Vincent, who by the way, was the third in the Mickelson-DJ threesome and beat both them by two shots. In all, 18 of the 48 players in the field are inside the top 100 in the World Rankings. That means that 30 are ranked outside the top 100, some well below that. Only four players are inside the top 50. Here’s another element that doesn’t align with the LIV Golf goal of trying to draw a younger audience to the game: Only 20 players in the field are younger than 30 while 10 are over 40. Mickelson, the biggest, most popular name in the field, is also the oldest at 51. This, in fairness, was only Day 1 of Tournament 1, and more big names are expected to join as this thing carries on, beginning with Bryson DeChambeau and Patrick Reed, both of whom reportedly joined forces with Norman and will begin playing in the second event of the series this month in Oregon. Make no mistake: This is a spectacle of sorts and it’s a draw to curious eyes. What its staying power is will take a while to determine.