Only 10 games fill out today’s Major League Baseball schedule. However, expert bettors are still finding value in specific matchups. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified two sides — both underdogs — and one total that trigger at least a majority of the above signals. So, without further delay, here are the pick recommendations. The Mariners cleaned up the opening two games of the series by a 17-2 aggregate run margin, but experts are backing the A’s tonight. Oakland, which is sending Frankie Montas to the mound Thursday, has seen sharp action on its opening price of +110 and now sits anywhere between +108 and +115. Further, big money bettors are supporting the A’s as well — as of this writing, Oakland has seen only 17 percent of all bets against 41 percent of the total betting handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the A’s tonight to give them three signals in their favor. Oakland A’s Moneyline (+115) — BetMGM The White Sox and Orioles will begin a four-game set tonight in Chicago and experts are choosing to back a total. We’ve tracked sharp action on the under, which opened at nine runs and has held steady at that number through early betting. Further, big money bettors are extremely interested in this total. As of this writing, that market has seen only 38 percent of all bets, but 94 percent of the total handle. Finally, there’s one Action Network PRO system — Weather: Wind Blowing In — that triggers the under in this matchup. That system, which looks for sustained winds of between five and 35 mph on closing totals between six and 11, has a 55 percent historical win rate and seven percent return on investment. Total Under 9 Runs (-120) — BetMGM The Phillies and Padres will start a four-game series tonight in San Diego and expert bettors are intrigued by the underdog Phillies. We’ve seen sharp action hitting the Phillies moneyline, which opened at +130 and has largely held steady around that number. Further, there’s interest from big-money bettors on the Phillies as well — as of this writing, they have seen only 18 percent of all moneyline bets against 40 percent of the total handle. Furthermore, there’s an Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — triggering the Phillies tonight. That system, which looks for underdogs on a small losing streak receiving less than 35 percent of all bets, has a 41 percent historical win rate and 11 percent return on investment. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Phillies tonight, giving the visitors four signals in their direction. Philadelphia Phillies Moneyline (+135) — BetMGM