Hunter Biden shows himself to be a real first son-of-a-gun in the latest embarrassing personal video leak for President Biden’s scandal-scarred offspring. A naked Hunter casually waves around a handgun and even points it at the camera while partying with a prostitute in 2018, the video shows. The cavalier images show the 52-year-old first son during a session with a sex worker in October 2018, Radar Online reported, sourcing the leaked photos and videos to his iPhone. The debauched images of Hunter Biden waving around the illegally obtained weapon comes amid a rash of mass shootings — and random gun violence in major cities as well — including 11 on Saturday and Sunday alone that left at least 15 people dead and 61 injured across the U.S., data shows. “Hunter is in a compromising position that will rock Washington, DC,” one source close to the matter told Radar. The spate of mass shootings prompted President Biden last week to call for increased gun control, including a ban on assault weapons. “I respect the culture and the tradition and the concerns of lawful gun owners,” Biden said Thursday from the White House. “At the same time, the Second Amendment, like all other rights, is not absolute.” Biden also called for lawmakers to address the nation’s “mental health crisis.” Hunter Biden, who has battled serious drug addiction for years, bought a .38-caliber gun in Delaware just five days before recording the sex tape on Oct. 17, 2018. Hunter had lied to staff about where he purchased the handgun seen in the clip and also answered no when previously asked on a firearm transaction report if he was an “unlawful user” of drugs, according to Radar Online. Two separate photos showed Hunter’s hand on the trigger of the gun as he cupped his genital area, while a third image showed what appeared to be crack cocaine and drug paraphernalia on paper plates, including a spoon. Hunter Biden, whose struggles with addiction led to his 2017 divorce from Kathleen Buhle, was discharged from the US Navy Reserve three years earlier after testing positive for cocaine. Just weeks after Hunter illegally bought the weapon, Biden’s lover, Hallie Biden, the widow of his late brother Beau Biden, tossed the gun into a supermarket garbage can, setting off a Secret Service and FBI probe. No charges were ever filed. The place where the gun was dumped and went missing Janssen’s Market in Greenville, Del., where President Biden has a home in the upscale Wilmington suburb, is across the street from Alexis I. DuPont High School, which has roughly 800 students. The Secret Service told The Post in March 2021 it had no record of agents investigating the incident and said President Biden was not under protection at the time. Hunter Biden had been divorced from his first wife, Kathleen, and was at the time involved in a scandalous romantic relationship with his sister-in-law, Hallie, the widow of his brother Beau, who had died of cancer. “She stole the gun out of my trunk lock and threw it in a garbage can full to the top at Jansens. Then told me it was my problem to deal with,” Hunter admitted in a 2019 text, first reported by The Post. “Then when the police, the FBI [and] the secret service came on the scene she said she took it from me because she was scared I would harm myself due to my drug and alcohol problem and our volatile relationship and that she was afraid for the kids.” The Jan. 29, 2019, message adds: “Really not joking the cop kept me convinced that Hallie was implying she was scared of me.” In another message, sent closer to the incident, Hunter described the handgun as “my 38.” Secret Service reportedly got involved in bizarre gun case involving Hunter Biden “Took from lock box of truck and put it IN PapER BAG AND Threw it in trash can at local high end grocer. For no reason,” he wrote on Dec. 6, 2018. “And I freaked when I saw it was missing 10 minutes after she took it and when she went back to get it after I scared the s–t out of her it was gone which led to state police investigation of me. True story.” The new leak is tied to more than 30 gigabytes of photos, videos and messages from Hunter Biden’s iPhone over a four-month span between October 2018 and February 2019, Radar Online reported. Radar refused to buy the new material from an anonymous tipster who identified themselves as “biden.me” on the secure Proton Mail email platform, according to the report. It was obtained after being verified as authentic by Radar Online. Meanwhile, an ongoing federal grand jury probe in Wilmington, Delaware, is reportedly focused on possible tax fraud, money laundering and violations of lobbying laws by Hunter Biden. The downmarket data dump is the latest unflattering look for Hunter Biden, who has been blasted by critics who insist his shady foreign business dealings have put US national security at risk. “There is no doubt in my mind that what Hunter Biden did was wrong, being on the [Ukrainian energy company] Burisma board and engaging in whatever else he dealt with,” Democratic congressional candidate Max Rose told The Post last week. Rose, a former congressman vying for a comeback in his Staten Island district against incumbent GOP Rep. Nicole Malliotakis, said The Post got a “raw deal” upon being censored by social media outlets after first reporting on the existence of Hunter’s abandoned laptop in October 2020. The Post first revealed emails from the laptop that detailed Hunter Biden’s business dealings with Ukraine’s Burisma Holdings and Ye Jianming, former chairman of the CEFC China Energy conglomerate. Mainstream media at the time largely ignored The Post’s October 2020 reports or suggested they were the product of Russian disinformation efforts ahead of the 2020 presidential election. But both the New York Times and the Washington Post later authenticated for some of the emails amid the federal grand jury probe in Delaware reportedly eyeing possible tax fraud, money laundering and violations of lobbying laws by Hunter Biden. Congressional Republicans, meanwhile, have vowed to launch five avenues of investigations next year if the GOP gains subpoena power by retaking the House in the upcoming November midterm elections. Atop the list of concerns for GOP congressmen is Hunter’s controversial overseas business deals, some of which involved the state-controlled Bank of China and other companies linked to the Chinese government, as well as their potential impact on national security, a spokesperson for the minority members of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform told The Post in late April. The Republicans also want to find out if President Biden stood to make any “financial gain” or had a role in his son’s business affairs, as alleged by former Hunter Biden business associate Tony Bobulinski. In October 2020, Bobulinski confirmed speculation that the elder Biden was “the big guy” for whom 10 percent of the potential profits from a joint venture with the CEFC China Energy conglomerate would be held by his son and also said the future president “was plainly familiar, at least at a high level,” about “the Biden family’s plans with the Chinese.” Committee member Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) said he’s also “very concerned” about the open letter signed by 51 former US intelligence officials who said the release of the emails had “all the classic earmarks of a Russian information campaign.” “That letter becomes the basis for the collusion that took place between Big Tech, Big Media and the Democrats to keep this story from the country in the run-up to the most important election,” Jordan told The Post in late April. “Any investigation that may take place, I think that’s an important area we need to explore.”