Move over trophy wives — house floozies are the new “It” girls. A TikToker going by the handle @KittieHarloe has gone viral for being a self-proclaimed “house floozy” in a video where she describes the title. It’s a term she uses to “make fun of” herself, she declares in one of her series of #HouseFloozy clips that have racked up more than 3 million views. “I’m not a wife — but I have ‘housewife’ proclivities,” Harloe explained. “If you wanna be fun, sexy, cultured and maybe a little bit domestic — you might be a house floozy.” While Google’s definition of a “floozy” is someone who is sexually provocative with many partners, Harloe said she’s been “booed up” with the same guy for five years — yet loves the term. While she assures her viewers they “never have to be the most interesting person in the room” or “the most put together person,” to be a floozy is to be sexy. However, the burgeoning TikTok etiquette guru advised that it could be beneficial “if you can rattle off a few interesting facts about wine, have cultivated your own personal style or happen to spend money on nice things and keep up with them.” Harloe added, “It’s my hope that these things will help you move through the world more self-assured and empowered.” The quippy clip was just another installment of her popular series, where she shares inspiration for “house floozy” dresses, swimwear and other household items. “If you identify with a single one of my videos, it was made for you,” she said, addressing the men who have supposedly asked her if they, too, can be floozies. Harloe’s loyal viewers — she has 203,000 regulars as of Wednesday — shower her in praise, heralding her as “inspirational” or even a “big sister.” “I love this concept and look forward to all your content!! House floozy is so perfect and I do appreciate that you try to be inclusive,” wrote one loyal viewer in the comments section. “I am a stay at home, house floozy,” another devotee chimed in. “I have no shame in it. I am a bit domestic from time to time. I never wanted a career.” One aspiring floozy got right to the point: “I’ve never related to anything more.”