Never mind “Sussudio.” This is just plain woo-woo. Phil Collins’ ex-wife Orianne Cevey allegedly paid $30,000 to a black magic expert in an alleged bid to gain control over the superstar, newly filed court papers reveal. Franck Pala, Cevey’s former head of security, said under oath that Cevey had planned to put “some substances” — referring to a sort of “black magic” potion — in Collins’ wine. According to documents seen by The Post, Cevey purportedly wired the money to a man in Colombia for his services. “Do you know anything about an effort to — I’m going to call it — poison Phil or give him unknown substances?” Collins’ attorney Jeffrey Fisher asked Pala in a deposition. Pala replied: “I heard about Mrs Collins ask another employee of the house to do some kind of magical things and pay for the services, and in return, put some substances in white wine for Mr. Phil Collins … It’s like how you believe in black magic from Colombia, whatever you want to call it.” Pala, who never discussed the situation with Cevey, said he heard about the alleged plans from Cevey’s former personal assistant Asked what Cevey was trying to do by “putting this black magic on Phil,” Pala said: “Maybe trying to empower herself over him.” It’s not clear whether Cevey ever received any substances from her Colombian contact. Fisher declined to comment. Cevey’s attorney was unavailable for comment. Pala, who owns a security firm called Tactops USA, said he started providing full-time security for Cevey in August 2020, adding that they had known each other for years prior. He charged between $40,000 and 50,000 a month for his team’s services. However, he said that he quit in late 2020, telling Cevey he could no longer take her “craziness” Collins, 71, is battling in court with Cevey, 48, over the sale of the sprawling $40 million Miami home they shared. Cevey claims that she was promised half of the proceeds from the home sale, which Collins vehemently denies. Although Pala’s deposition was given in April 2021, it was only made public after being filed in Miami Dade court last month by Cevey’s lawyer, on an unrelated issue in the case. In April, the singer’s legal team said Cevey had committed “fraud on the court” in her bid to win proceeds from the house. “There are literally dozens of additional irreconcilable conflicts between [Cevey’s] position in this case and her pleadings, financial affidavit, and other documents filed in her 2016 divorce from her former husband Charles [Mejati].” Collins’ attorneys are currently waiting to see whether a Florida judge will throw out the case for failure to follow court orders. As The Post reported, Cevey has also been accused of harming her young son with Mejati, and he is now living with his dad.