A teen has been arrested in the broad-daylight shooting death of a Los Angeles-based drill rapper at a Bronx pharmacy earlier this month, authorities say. River Jones, 18, was picked up by investigators Wednesday at a dorm building on the Monroe College campus in New Rochelle in Westchester County and faces a top charge of second-degree murder in the June 9 slaying of 27-year-old rapper Avanti Frowner, police and prosecutors said. Jones was one of the suspects who allegedly beat and robbed Frowner — aka Money Gang Vontae – just before 3:45 p.m. inside Amazing Pharmacy at 595 E. Tremont Ave., according to a criminal complaint. Another suspect who remains at large repeatedly shot Frowner in the body and torso,  prosecutors said. Frowner was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Police said they also are still searching for several others in the slaying. In a Friday phone interview, Frowner’s brother, Roger Frowner, Jr., 37, told The Post that “it feels pretty good” that an arrest was made, “but I know that more has to be done. “I just hope that they are definitely taken off the streets sooner than later,” he said of his brother’s killers. “It’s only a matter of time before they are all taken off the streets, but it feels OK that one is off the streets. I’ll feel a lot better once they are all in custody and their fate is decided.” Frowner, originally from Chicago, moved to LA to pursue his music career. He has a 6-year-old son, according to his brother. “He was trying to entertain his fans and live his life as well as provide for his son,” his brother said. “All over Chicago, he is well known – everybody knew him.” He said his slain brother “came from a struggle. “We came from a big family,” Roger Frowner said. “He worked his way up with music, moved to LA, I think in 2017, and he pretty much has been hustling ever since with his music. He winded up getting in the car business. He was really pursuing his music, so he wasn’t a bad guy. He definitely wasn’t out there looking for trouble. “I think about him every day,” the rapper’s brother added. “But I am going to keep his legacy going, keep his music going and his business moving forward like he’d want us to do.” Chilling footage of the shooting obtained by The Post showed four of the suspects struggling with Frowner before one of them fired off at least four shots. The group then ran, leaving the helpless victim sprawled out behind the counter with a blood-soaked shirt. The suspects made off with Frowner’s chain and money, sources said. He was in town for a show, according to police sources and his dad, Roger Frowner Sr., 56. “I am really looking forward to you all finding the rest of them guys,” the elder Frowner told The Post on Friday. In a previous interview the day after the shooting the dad, had said, “They don’t need to be on the streets no more — ever! “If they kill somebody in broad daylight, inside of a store, they are treacherous.” “They made a mistake,” he continued. “They did the dumbest thing they could ever do in life. And I hope God will make them pay for it all.” Jones was ordered held without bail during his Thursday arraignment. He also faces charges of first-degree manslaughter, robbery in the first and second degrees, criminal possession of a weapon and criminal possession of stolen property. Additional reporting by M’Niyah Lynn