Behold: the Victoria’s Secret’s Semi-Annual 2022 Sale isn’t a secret anymore. Just when you thought you had enough push-up bras, sexy lingerie, loungewear, ribbon-tied pajama sets and yoga pants to last a lifetime — think again. This major shopping event is featuring up to 60% off on more than 3,000 styles. That’s right, you’re in for a treat. What’s more, if you’re a VS Credit Cardholder, you’ll have exclusive deals on top of what’s already on sale during the event, including $15 off your first purchase and 5% back in rewards (10 points for every $1 spent). From sleep to swim and lounge to beauty, Victoria’s Secret’s Semi-Annual Sale 2022 is a shopping extravaganza that screams glam, gorgeous and gigantic discounts that don’t happen all that often. Ahead, we rounded up our favorite items from the sale. Note: new items are constantly being added throughout the sale, so bookmark this page and click the links below for the full experience. If you want the ultimate push-up, there’s nothing better than Victoria’s Secret’s Very Sexy Bombshell Bra. It comes in a slew of shades, gives a size cup a nice lift and will make you feel your best whether you’re wearing a midi dress or a bodysuit. Elevate your lingerie game with these beautifully ornamented panties that come with a matching bra. It feels like second-skin, too, and you’ll adore the feminine, floral touch that’s all yours for less than $40 right now. Perhaps you don’t need a matching workout set (though we love them). Then, Victoria’s Secret’s Love Cloud Crossover Legging is your perfect match. The waistband has that coveted crossover detailing we can’t get enough of, and we adore the pastel touch. All hail Victoria’s Secret pajamas. Making the perfect gift (for your bestie or yourself!) this relaxed-fit shorts and tee set is top-notch. We love how it comes in other colors, too, and it’s one you’ll come to wear all season long. It’s time to look into Victoria’s Secret for all things bikinis and swim. Now for less than $30, this sweet scalloped top has that baby blue and white floral print we crave this season, along with matching bottoms for just $15. Plus, its bra-like fit makes it a coveted selection. Much like your favorite jumpsuit, Victoria’s Secret’s Essential Sport Dress is easy to toss on and great for running errands. Available in this rich royal blue and some other hues, too, its sporty vibe is one we have on our wishlists. There wouldn’t be a VS Semi-Annual Sale without a panty bundle deal. Now, shop five eligible styles for just $32 to give your nightstand drawer the wardrobe stock-up it needs. From thongs to period underwear, you’ll be covered — pun totally intended. OK, if Elle Woods had a PJ set on deck at all times, it would be Victoria’s Secret’s Cotton Shrot Tee-jama. It’s that less-than-$50 snag worth adding to your cart, notably for its boxer-like shorts and lightweight sleeping tee that doubles as a lovely layering piece. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.