Fox News political analyst Gianno Caldwell’s teenage brother was murdered in Chicago on Friday, kicking off a bloody weekend that also saw a 5-month-old baby killed — as progressive cities nationwide are gripped by rising crime. “Yesterday was the worst day of my existence. I received a call informing me that my teenage baby brother was murdered on the south side of Chicago,” Caldwell revealed Saturday on Twitter. “Never could I have imagined my baby brother’s life would be stolen from him,” he wrote alongside a picture of his smiling sibling in graduation attire. Christian Caldwell, 18, was shot dead and two others were injured after gunfire broke out in Morgan Park early Friday morning, according to local reports. Around 50 shell casings were found at the scene and bullets went through windows of nearby houses, CBS reported. The suspect fled the scene in a black van, according to cops. No arrests have been made. The older Caldwell, 36, told Fox News Saturday he wants justice. “What I’m looking for right now is details from the police to discover who it was that murdered my brother. [M]y baby brother never had a chance,” he said. “I would never want to see any street justice or violence against the people who even murdered my little brother. But I do want them brought to justice,” he added. Crime in Chicago — whose Democratic mayor, Lori Lightfoot, once pushed to defund the police before backtracking — has soared 34% in 2022, according to the latest figures from the Chicago police department. Violent crime — including murder, criminal sexual assault, aggravated battery and robbery — has increased 9% so far this year compared to 2021, the stats show. Over the first weekend of summer, at least four people were killed and 16 others injured in shootings across the Windy City, WMAQ-TV reported. The bloodshed included a 5-month-old baby girl, who was killed in a drive-by shooting when a bullet hit her in the head as she sat in her father’s car Friday night. A nurse at the Comer Children’s Hospital, who identified herself as Jackie, told WLS-TV, “I’ve never in my 61 years of life seen anything like this.” Other blue cities nationwide have seen similar trends. Violent crime is up almost 9% in Los Angeles, up 12% in Washington DC and has surged by a disturbing 25.8% in New York City, according to statistics. Less than a week before the fatal shooting of his brother, Caldwell shared on Twitter a tear-jerking text message exchange they shared, in which the teenager wished him happy Father’s Day. “Happy Father’s Day, big bro, you don’t have any physical kids but I’ve always looked at you as the closest thing to a father figure,” the teen texted. “[Y]ou’ve taught me so much, and for that I’m forever grateful and proud of the things that you’ve done.” The older Caldwell said in the June 19 tweet, “My little brother has never met his father and as devastating as this is, I am thankful to God for choosing me to be his big brother/father figure.”