The Issue: Adam Coleman’s piece on how absent dads contribute to crime after the Texas school shooting. Hats off to Adam Coleman for saying what needed to be said (“The Fatherless Factor,” PostOpinion, May 28). While the left and right continue to battle over gun control, equally important factors are not being addressed regarding mass shooters. Where are the parents? I’m 63 years old, and I grew up in poverty in Brooklyn. The difference between parenting then and now is simply that parents weren’t trying to be their children’s “friend.” We were held accountable for our actions and punished when we did wrong. Politically correct factors also play a huge role. Society doesn’t want to “upset” or “abuse” children. There’s a big difference between discipline and abuse. I would never advocate for abuse. There is a middle ground. Discipline and children being held accountable for their actions needs to take place. I agree the absence of a father (or father-figure) is of paramount importance. The last thing anyone from my generation wanted to hear was: “Wait until your father gets home.” Mary Puccio Staten Island Thank you, Adam Coleman, for your spot-on article regarding the serious issue of boys being raised without a father. Our culture seems to have encouraged this with constant attacks on the supposed “patriarchy” and the constant de-emphasis of the benefits of a two-parent household with a strong father figure (calling it a relic of the past), as well as the decades-long emphasis on empowering young girls, often at the expense of young boys. Without my father’s guidance and discipline during my aimless teen years, there is no way I’d have grown into the person I am today. God bless our mothers: They are equally, if not even more, important in our lives. But young boys in most cases absolutely require a strong paternal presence. Joseph Grassi Port St. Lucie, Fla. I agree 100% with Coleman. He states about 25% of children are growing up in single-parent households. I believe a boy or girl should have the experiences and knowledge of both a male and female parent. Both have insights to offer. M. Musolino Staten Island Coleman’s piece on how the number of fatherless boys in our society is contributing to young men committing mass shootings and crime in general was excellent. The importance of two-parent families has been de-emphasized in our culture. This is at least partly by design as far-left ideologues seek to destroy the nuclear family. This will create a breakdown in our society, as young men who do not have the benefit of a father will grow up angry, without any real sense of what it is to be a man. Boys need fathers who will provide them with guidance and structure and serve as proper role models. One needs only to see the statistics of young male criminals who are raised in fatherless homes to recognize the connection. Robert DiNardo Farmingdale Coleman was right on the money when he spoke about the need for fathers in the development of young men. Having worked for over 30 years as a psychologist in a minority community, I can attest to the fact that it is one of the most important single elements contributing to young men having lost their way. A concerted effort should be made to fund programs that place emphasis on the role of the father and instruction in parenting skills. And for those who are so inclined, placing emphasis on our Heavenly Father wouldn’t hurt either. If that is done, maybe we can make a dent in the madness we are witnessing. Jackie Biaggi The Bronx Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.