The ex-wife of a Microsoft executive who was murdered in front of his 2-year-old daughter in Florida earlier this year has hired a criminal defense attorney, according to reports. Jared Bridegan, 33, was fatally shot in a “targeted” killing after dropping his twins off at the home of their mother, Shanna Gardner-Fernandez, in a quiet Jacksonville neighborhood in February, police said. The software engineer was returning to his home in St. Augustine after going out to dinner with the twins and his daughter Bexley, who he shares with his second wife, Kirsten Bridegan. Jared Bridegan was found dead next to his SUV with multiple bullet wounds with Bexley still strapped into her car seat. The car had its emergency lights flashing when officers arrived and there was a spare tire in the middle of the street. Detectives said those circumstances suggested that Bridegan may have been lured to his death. According to police, Bexley was in the car for three full minutes near her father’s dead body before a passerby who stopped at the scene pulled her out, according to Fox News. Kirsten Bridegan, 30, was at home with the couple’s 7-month-old daughter, London. Four months later, Jacksonville police have not named any suspects in the slaying. As police continue to investigate, Gardner-Fernandez, and her new husband, Mario Fernandez, have retained the services of prominent criminal defense attorney Henry Coxe III, Fox News reported. Coxe told the outlet that the couple had hired him “for the purpose of seeing if steps could be taken to protect her young twins from any publicity surrounding this tragic event.” “As for any other reason for the family to have or need counsel, whether it be myself or anyone else, there is none,” he added. Coxe’s office did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Garrdner-Fernandez and Jared Bridegan had been embroiled in a bitter legal feud for years since their divorce in 2015. According to Fox, she grew up in an affluent Mormon community in Alpine, Utah. She is the daughter of Sterling and Shelli Gardner, who founded  Stampin’ Up!, a paper crafts company based in Salt Lake City with a yearly revenue of over $100 million. She met Bridegan in 2009 while visiting a friend in Jacksonville and the two tied the knot in an extravagant ceremony at the Salt Lake City Temple in 2010. A friend told Fox News the newlyweds purchased an $800,000 home near her parents in Highland, Utah and each drove a Mercedes although neither one had a job at the time. They were living off a monthly stipend of $8,500 and a business loan of $100,000 from the Gardners. Gardner-Fernandez gave birth to twins — a boy and a girl. The boy was diagnosed with a heart condition, pulmonary hypertension. Doctors said he needed to live at sea-level for his heart to work correctly, forcing the family to move to Connecticut. According to the couple’s friend, the marriage quickly began to fall apart. She became frustrated with her husband, who had gained weight and was focused on starting a new business, the friend said. Bridegan persuaded his wife to move back to his hometown of Jacksonville as he pursued his Masters degree from the Savannah College of Art and Design. The two bought another $800,000 home in Ponte Vedra Beach as they tried for a fresh start, Fox reported. Gardner-Fernandez reportedly strayed from her faith while Bridegan remained a devout LDS churchgoer. The relationship ended after Bridegan found emails revealing his wife was having an affair with her Crossfit personal trainer, sources told the outlet. When he confronted her she told him she didn’t love him anymore, the sources said. Gardner-Fernandez filed for divorce in February 2015, calling the union “irretrievably broken.” She bluntly told the court, “We don’t love each other anymore.” The situation continued to spiral as both fought for primary custody of the twins and for exclusive occupancy of the Jacksonville home where they both still lived together. She accused Bridegan of threatening to withdraw money from the children’s trust funds for his own use, and he claimed that she was spying on him by hiding baby monitors throughout the house and putting a tracking device on his car. In an email to his lawyer obtained by Fox News, Bridegan further alleged she had installed a lock on the master bedroom, to which he had no key, and claimed she had placed a voice-activated recorder in the house. He additionally accused Gardner-Fernandez of lying about her financial forms and in reality had no income. While both Bridegan and Gardner -Fernandez remarried, their ugly legal battles continued for the next six years. “It was difficult to watch Jared go through constant court battles when all he wanted was to focus on being the best husband and father he could be,” Kirsten Bridegan told Fox. In 2019, Gardner-Fernandez claimed Bridegan had been “interrogating the minor children and recording their statements,” and was threatening to use the statements against her. In June 2021, she accused her ex-husband for not letting her borrow a small breathing machine for their son, which he required at high altitudes, Fox reported. She had possession of a bulkier machine that was inconvenient for travel. “The father apparently considers his vindictiveness toward the mother more important than protecting his son’s health and life,” her attorney wrote, in a motion. She said Bridegan was “more concerned with humiliating the mother than he is in making sure his own child does not die.” Four months before Bridegan’s murder, a judge ruled that he pay her $571 and give her exclusive use of the smaller machine.