We’re here to support you. Sports bras are a great way to stay secure and comfortable while working out, spending time outside in the heat or just as a more comfortable alternative to underwire bras and less-supportive bralettes. The hard part is finding the perfect sports bra, as there can be some roadblocks on your journey to comfort, support and style. Sizing is a big one, as it can be difficult to find the right sports bra for both larger and smaller chests, adding in the complication of band sizing, too. Another factor is style, as no one wants to go for a run in a sports bra that looks like it was designed for grandma. We took that into account here, making sure each pick is supportive and stylish, too. Lastly, since different activities call for different levels of support, we list them all spanning the highest compression to those with built-in cups and even looser lounge options for kicking back while staying cool and comfy. Read on for our top picks from beloved brands like Aerie, lululemon, Nike and more, plus some new brands you’ll want to check out for 2022. You know the Nike saying. If you need a great sports bra, just get this one. The bra comes in tons of bright and fun colors to choose from, all made of sustainable materials and ranging in size from an XS to a 2XL. This medium-support option is great for the gym, with the Adidas logo front and center. It ranges in size from a 2XS to an XL, with bra-sizing options to consult as well. Work out in your Calvin’s this year. The Calvin Klein sports bra is a must have for many, offering medium support and a cute band across the chest with the logo. Shop on Amazon for more colors as well as a size range between a small and an XL. When it comes to lululemon sports bras, the brand is doing it right. High energy and high support is a recipe for a good sports bra. The Energy Bra from lululemon is just that, fitting between a B and a DDD cup, with band sizes between 32 and 36. It’s no secret that Victoria’s Secret is the place to be for bras of all kinds. Make sure to check out this versatile and super sexy Knockout sports bra, with options for a strappy back, lace, smooth and more styles. Bands range from a 32 to a 40 with cup sizes between a B and a DDD. For maximum support, check out this pick from Under Armour. The UA Infinity High Sports Bra comes in black, white, mint green and light pink, each with mesh panels for breathability and lined with a soft padding for comfort. Get active with Avia Activewear. Sold on Amazon, the brand has a bunch of styles and colors to choose from, including this silky seamless option. They range in size as well, from a small to a 3XL in many colors. Feel like a champion in this sports bra that hugs and defines all your curves. The bra is a moderate support sports bra, with a fashionable deep V neck and foam-lined cups that wont slip or slide. Why get just one when you could have three new sports bras for the price of less than one? This three pack is a great deal, giving you a blue, gray and pink option to wear to the gym. They come in a medium, large and XL and come lightly padded. Get offline and to the gym, after checking this sports bra out, of course. The OFFLINE By Aerie bra is super soft, ranging in size from an XXS to an XXL in an array of stunning summer colors. It has removable pads and designed with a light lift to keep you looking and feeling great. Keep calm and float on in this bra from Floatley. The Calm Cross Back Sports Bra features a sexy and unique back closure with a hook and eye as well as adjustable straps. The bra itself comes in three colors and ranges in size from an XS+ to a Large+. Never stop training in this bra from Gymshark. The bandeau style is unique and super flattering for summer, from the gym to the smoothie shop in the summer heat. It comes in white as well as in pink, blue and black, ranging from an XS to an XXL. If you’re craving the ultimate supportive and shaping sports bra, look no further than Spanx. This one comes in a flattering longline style, with a sexy scoop neck too. It ranges in size from an XS to a 2XL and comes in four colors. No need to chase the rainbow when we brought it right to you. Get this colorful sports bra from Terez, and then browse more fun styles and patterns on their site, on which they have over 100 more options. We feel good about this pick. Check out Halara for a super cute and flattering halter-style sports bra, now in blue, black and white. It has removable padding for customized support and best for yoga, low-impact workouts or just a fun summer day. A hardcore workout requires a bra to match. Check out SHEFIT for their Ultimate Sports Bra, featuring a center zipper and clasps as well as adjustable straps that are super easy to tighten on your own from the front. They are also size inclusive, ranging from an XL to a 6XL. Go above and beyond with this bra from Beyond Yoga. The super soft Spacedye fabric feels great on the skin and the removable pads and halter top give lift and support, ranging from an XXS to a 4XL in select colors. Get outdoors right after ordering this sports bra, of course. The Doing Things bra comes in super fun colors and ranges in size from an XXS to a 3XL and features the OV logo across the back. Enjoy a low-impact workout with this delectable sports bra from Yummie. The sexy straps across the back are a fun feature, while the lightweight fabric helps keep you cool and collected. Gather your girlfriends for a workout while wearing this cute and comfortable high-neck sports bra from Girlfriend Collective. The bra comes in six colors and has a super generous size range from an XXS to a 6XL. Wanna race? This racerback bra from Wolven is super fun and an eye-catching staple for a run or the gym. Plus, it is made of sustainable, recycled materials like plastic bottles. Embrace a new wellness routine this year, starting with new sports bras. This one from Alo Yoga combines comfort and style, with medium-impact support and a ribbed fabric and 12 colors to pick from. If we had three wishes, we would use them on each of these three bras from Lively. The three pack is a great idea, as you save $40 when you get this three pack of bras perfect for low-impact activity and lounging at home in style. Get moving with Free People and their FP Movement collection. The Good Karma Bra is great for the gym or relaxing in the sun, with a lightweight fabric and feel ranging in size from a XS/S to a L/XL. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.