Republican Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker acknowledged Thursday he has two more children the public doesn’t know about — just one day after it was revealed he has a “secret” 10-year-old son. Walker, 60, confirmed to the Daily Beast that he has a total of four children — three sons and a daughter. Until this week, the ex-NFL star had only publicly spoken about one of them — his 22-year-old son, Christian Walker. In addition to the 10-year-old son, whom he has not played an active role in raising, Walker has a 13-year-old boy and an adult daughter who was born when he was about 20 and playing football for the University of Georgia. The nature of Walker’s relationship with his two newly revealed children wasn’t immediately clear. Walker, who has previously lashed out at absentee dads and bemoaned fatherless households, denied his three other kids were a secret. He claimed he didn’t tell voters about their existence because it could potentially expose them to unwanted attention during his race against Democratic rival Sen. Raphael Warnock. “They’re not ‘undisclosed’ — they’re my kids. I support them all and love them all. I’ve never denied my children, I confirmed this when I was appointed to the President’s Council on Sports Fitness & Nutrition,” Walker said. “I just chose not to use them as props to win a political campaign. What parent would want their child involved in garbage, gutter politics like this? “Saying I hide my children because I don’t discuss them with reporters to win a campaign? That’s outrageous. I can take the heat, that’s politics — but leave my kids alone.” It comes after the Daily Beast revealed late Tuesday that the mother of Walker’s 10-year-old son had taken the Heisman Trophy winner to court in 2014 to get child support payments. By the time the court issued its final order in the case in August 2014, Walker’s son — who reportedly shares his last name — was already 2 years old. The boy’s mother was in a three-year relationship with Walker that ended in September 2011 — about nine months before their son was born. It wasn’t clear why the relationship ended. That child has never met or spoken to Walker’s son Christian, whom he shares with his ex-wife Cindy Grossman. It wasn’t clear if his two other children have a relationship with Christian. Walker, who has been endorsed by former President Donald Trump and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), has repeatedly spoken of how fatherless homes is a “major problem” among black Americans. “I want all African Americans to know, even though you may leave the mom, don’t leave the child,” Walker told WABE-TV’s “Love and Respect with Killer Mike” as recently as May 27. “Continue to be a dad, continue to be a strong figure in that child’s life, because that happens, that happens. I said, ‘I’m going to continue to raise him, and be right there with him.’”