The uncertainty of Aaron Rodgers’ football future appeared to play a role in Davante Adams’ decision-making this offseason. Adams, who was traded by the Packers to the Raiders in March, spoke to reporters Thursday about why he wanted to leave Green Bay, noting Rodgers’ possible retirement was a contributing factor. “We talked multiple times and we talked throughout the whole process, too, and he was aware of where I stood and I was aware of where he stood, we had talks,” Adams said of Rodgers. “Just like he said the other day, he mentioned we had talks about his future, and what he thinks his duration in Green Bay or just football, in general, would look like, and that played into my decision as well.” Though Rodgers, 38, confirmed in March that he’d be returning to Green Bay, even inking a massive contract extension, Adams explained he wasn’t “willing to sacrifice Aaron not being there after a year or two.” “Where I’m at in my career, and this isn’t a shot at anybody, any other quarterbacks in Green Bay, I love Jordan Love especially, he’s a great guy, but I got aspirations of doing really, really big things and being remembered, and it just wasn’t really a point my career that I was willing to sacrifice Aaron not being there after a year or two,” the 29-year-old receiver said. Adams, who signed a five-year, $141.25 million deal with the Raiders, will now be catching passes from his former Fresno State teammate, Derek Carr. Rodgers, meanwhile, has new weapons in his arsenal: veteran receiver Sammy Watkins and rookie Christian Watson, who was taken in the second round of this year’s draft. And while it’s nothing but love between the former teammates, Rodgers said in April that he was “a little surprised” by Adams’ decision to leave Green Bay. “Obviously when I made my decision, I was still thinking he was going to come back,” Rodgers said on “The Pat McAfee Show” at the time. “I was very honest with him about my plans and my future and where I saw my career going as far as how many years I wanted to play, but I felt like he was gonna be back and it didn’t obviously turn out that way.” Rodgers recently expressed that he’d like to finish his career with the Packers, whenever he officially decides to hang up his cleats.