Summer: lounging in your favorite pool floats, filling your cooler up with your go-to beverages for a beach day, enjoying some music on your portable speaker, maybe even some fishing, and hopefully breaking a sweat once in a while. While there are plenty of fun outdoor activities to get in a quick workout in the summer months — biking, walking, running, rollerblading, yoga — if you’ve ever considered stand-up paddleboarding (aka SUP), this may be the summer to try it out. Before investing in an ultra-expensive hardboard, we recommend you first check out the plethora of inflatable options on the market. These tend to be a bit more cost-effective and much easier to store. Plus, most of the picks we listed below include all the tools and accessories you’ll need for a successful time out on the water. Ahead find our top five picks from retailers like Amazon, Backcountry, Dick’s Sporting Goods and more — starting at just $260! With more than 17,000 raving Amazon reviews, this model is extra wide — measuring 10 feet 6 inches long and 32 inches wide, making balance and stabilization a breeze for beginners and beyond. Plus, the inflatable board features a slip-resistant soft top that cushions your fall when slips or accidents occur and comes with accessories, including a coiled ankle cuff safety leash, an aluminum paddle, a manual air pump and a storage bag. Note: don’t forget to take advantage of the $40 off coupon! This Bluefin 10-foot 8-inch model is another excellent option currently on sale for $490 (don’t forget to check the 15% off coupon before checkout) that comes with all the necessary accessories. The best part? Bluefin uses recycled materials in its manufacturing processes and plants a tree for every purchase, helping give back to our planet’s natural resources. The 10-foot-6-inch Hala Carbon Straight Up Inflatable Stand-Up Paddle Board is an excellent option if you’re okay with spending a bit more. It’s a speedier SUP that’s fun to paddle with when the water is still or only slightly rough. This Hala model is a smaller board that suits smaller riders and is built with carbon to add torsional stiffness without adding much weight to increase overall rigidity and speed. The Isle Pioneer is great for beginners up to 285 pounds and offers a stable, lightweight and highly durable surface built for various activities and skill levels. Enjoy this option for a limited time for $400 less than usual and purchase the 10-foot-6-inch board in blue, green or coral. At 10 feet 6 4 inches tall, the Bote Wulf only weighs 20 pounds and is the perfect vessel for those looking to get into stand-up paddleboarding. It comes with a three-piece adjustable SUP paddle, a removable 10-inch center fin, Aero repair kit, hand pump and a travel bag. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.