Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky visited the front lines of the brutal Russian invasion in the hard-hit eastern region of the country Sunday — giving his troops a morale boost more than three months into the war. In Lysychansk and Soledar, Zelensky “visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military,” where he learned about “the operational situation on the frontline of defense,” a statement from his office read, CNN reported. “I want to thank you for your great work, for your service, for protecting all of us, our state,” Zelensky told soldiers. “I am grateful to everyone. I want to wish you and your families’ good health. Take care of yourselves.” Zelensky’s representatives said later Sunday the president also toured a medical facility in the region and spoke with people displaced from places like Mariupol, which is now under Kremlin control after a weeks-long siege. He promised to make sure all people forced to flee their homes would be rehoused. “We will truly help you tackle this issue,” he said, according to the president’s office. Earlier Sunday, Zelensky toured the southeastern region of Zaporizhzhia, according to multiple reports. The Sunday visits represented a rare Zelensky trip outside Kyiv since the beginning of the Russian invasion in late February. War-torn Lysychansk is just miles from Severodonetsk, where one of the invasion’s largest battles has played out. Ukraine had claimed to be regaining more control of the city, which was 80% controlled by Russian forces, in recent days. However, Luhansk Gov. Serhiy Haidai warned Monday that the situation had taken a turn for the worse. “Our defenders managed to conduct a counteroffensive and free nearly half of the city, but the situation has worsened again now,” Haidai said, according to USA Today. “Our guys are defending the positions in the industrial zone on the outskirts of the city.” Lysychansk and Severodonetsk are in the Luhansk region, part of the fiercely contested Donbas region, where a report revealed Sunday a Russian general was killed. In recent weeks, Russia has focused on conquering eastern Ukraine, zeroing in on the Donbas region instead of the entire country. With Post wires