It’s a “simple” task that women can do and apparently men can’t. Josef Rakich, 31, a popular personal trainer from New Zealand, and his wife Maryam Matti, 33, were left in hysterics when they both tried the viral TikTok broom challenge. It involves stepping over a broom handle while holding it close to the floor – and while Maryam did it with ease, Josef looked to really struggle. His feet appeared to be glued to the ground and while he eventually lifted his left foot after widening his grip, he lost his balance, causing him to laugh hysterically. The clip has been viewed more than 210,000 on both Instagram and TikTok, Josef captioning it: “At least I can p*ss standing up.” Maryam then hit back hit saying: “At least I can actually get my dirty laundry in the basket and not next to it.” The post has attracted hundreds of comments with many describing it as “hilarious.” “Hahahahahah that’s awesome,” mixed martial artist Alain Ngalani wrote. But some men were quick to point out they could do the challenge. “Lies I just did it lmao,” one person said. “My girlfriend challenged me to this and was very disappointed at how easy it was for me,” another added, while a third responded: “Hahaha yeah it’s very easy. Only can’t do it if your (sic) lacking mobility.” The “broomstick challenge” provides a genuine challenge to your core and hips and is the latest in a string of viral mobility and gravity-centered challenges which men apparently struggle to complete. Another viral trend women are “better at” is the “chair challenge.” The challenge found that men had more trouble lifting the chair at the angle than women. It involves standing a few feet from a wall and bending over with a straight back with your head touching the wall. With a chair beneath you, the next step is to lift the chair from the ground against your torso and stand up holding it. It seems to baffle those who take the challenge with men being unable to lift the piece of furniture. Women on the other hand are lifting the chair with ease. According to The Sun, one reason men struggle with the challenge is because the center of gravity differs between the sexes. “Interestingly enough, many girls can successfully complete this challenge, while most boys cannot,” scientist Jeremy Johnson said. “The center of mass for most girls is lower to the hips, while the center of mass in boys is much higher. Therefore for most girls, the center of mass while bent over the chair is above their feet, while the center of mass for boys is above the chair.” Professor Brian Ford from Cambridge University said the reason lies with the size of men’s feet. Prof Ford confirmed women had a lower center of gravity than men by several centimeters but that had no “bearing on this crafty little trick.” “Men have longer feet than women. Two paces back for a man would be some 60cm, for a woman it’s more like 50cm,” Ford said. “The man’s larger feet mean he is farther away from the wall than the woman and is thus leaning forward. The woman’s legs are closer to the wall, and are thus leaning back.”