When you’re a dog parent, there’s nothing worse than seeing your fur baby down in the dumps, uncomfortable or even worse — stress or anxiety-driven. Unfortunately, for many dogs, Fourth of July weekend is at the forefront of one of the most anxious times of the year due to fireworks. While we humans are likely enjoying family barbecues, pool parties and shopping for major Fourth of July sales, according to the American Kennel Club, the patriotic holiday is the most common time for pets to go missing of any other time of the year. In an effort to help your dogs stay calm ahead of the Fourth of July weekend, The Post rounded up a handful of products that may soothe your pup’s anxiety and nerves. Aside from ensuring your dog is properly tagged with a return address or microchip and prepping a space centralized in your home with some of their favorite toys as a distraction, there are other items like thunder shirts, weighted blankets and more that may do the trick. The original thunder shirt was designed to apply gentle, constant pressure to calm anxiety, fear, and over-excitement — making it ideal for fireworks and thunderstorms. This dog anxiety vest is available in sizes as small as extra-small and as large as extra extra-large. This special weighted blanket for dogs is great for your pet’s anxiety, noise aversion, excitability and other stress responses. It gives them a sense of security and protection and has a calming influence they’ll instantly feel. The BuddyRest blanket is made with a super soft fleece material on one side and a durable suede on the exterior and is entirely machine washable for easy maintenance. Available in sizes medium, large and extra-large. These CBD dog treats are another option for pets that struggle with stress and anxiety around the Fourth of July and beyond. The Pet Hemp Company’s treats use 100% natural ingredients that are vegan, non-GMO and contain no gluten or dairy. Speaking from experience, your fur baby will fall in love with this calming shag bed. It comes in a dozen different colors and sizes, plus it has almost 60,000 raving Amazon reviews. The raised rim of this bed creates a sense of security and provides head and neck support, while the super soft filling offers joint and muscle pain relief. If you want calming dog music that you can’t find on Spotify, consider buying your pup the Pet Acoustics Pet Tunes Calming Music Dog Speaker. This gadget comes pre-loaded with canine tunes that are clinically proven and veterinarian-approved to reduce stress and calm nervous canine behaviors. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.