Former President Bill Clinton admitted in a new interview that he sent federal agents to find out if  aliens were hiding out at Nevada’s so-called Area 51. Clinton, in a Wednesday appearance on the Late Late Night with James Corden, said while he was president he and Chief of Staff John Podesta, “made every attempt to find out everything about Roswell,” and even “sent people to Area 51 to make sure there were no aliens.” The ex-president said he sent his National Security Advisor at the time, the late Sandy Burger, to the mysterious Nevada Air Force base, whose legacy of secrecy has spawned  conspiracy theories about aliens that have made the site the center of American UFO folklore. “I said we got to find out how we’re going to deal with this because that’s where we do a lot of our invisibility research in terms of technology, like how we fly airplanes that aren’t picked up by radar and all that,” Clinton said. “So that’s why they’re so secretive.” “But there’s no aliens that I know [of],” he added. The world’s leading astronomers, however, told the president a few years ago that there’s up to a 95% chance that we are not alone in the universe. “On the other hand, Hillary and I went to Hawaii in 2018 to the big island where all the telescopes are on top of the mountain, including the Keck telescope, the largest in the world, and several countries have scientific teams there,” the 42nd President said. “So after we toured the telescope we went down and met with them.” “I said ‘Do you guys argue about the likelihood of life in outer space?’ He said we have huge arguments,” he continued. “He said, ‘there are those of us who think it’s 85% likely and those of us who think it’s 95% likely.’ And these are people who spend their lives doing this,” Clinton said. “He said ‘we think, in other words, it’s very unlikely that there is not life. There are a billion, not a billion planets, but a billion solar systems.” Clinton, 75, said the question of life beyond Earth should inspire us to take care of the planet. “There are lots of mysteries out there which is why I think we should take care of this planet. I think we should hang onto it if we can,” he said. “But I also think it should keep us humble. There’s a lot of stuff we don’t know.” While beliefs in UFOs and aliens are stereotypically reserved for fringe conspiracy theorists, just last week NASA announced it was commissioning a team of scientists to study “unidentified aerial phenomena” — colloquially known as UFOs — in the interest of homeland security. “NASA believes that the tools of scientific discovery are powerful and apply here also,” said Thomas Zurbuchen, the associate science administrator at NASA headquarters in Washington, DC. The research “focus on identifying available data” and “how NASA can use that data to move the scientific understanding of UAPs forward.” The bombshell development comes a year after the US government issued an official report describing UAP observations by mostly Navy personnel.