More than seven out of 10 Americans say they are more likely to cast a ballot this November after the recent spate of mass shootings in Buffalo and Texas, a poll released Thursday found. As the midterm elections approach amid the backdrop of the national debate on guns, 72% of Americans say the shootings have motivated them to go to the polls, while only 4% say the shootings have made them less likely to do so, according to a NPR/Marist poll. And 84% of Democrats, 66% of independents and 65% of Republicans cite the massacres at a supermarket in Buffalo and an elementary school in Uvalde where a total of 31 people were killed as a motivating factor. Asked what is more important — protecting gun rights or controlling gun violence — 59% side with curbing violence and 35% opt for protecting Second Amendment rights. That 24 percentage-point margin is the highest since March 2013 when it was about evenly split — 49% for controlling gun violence to 48% for protecting the rights of gun owners. The sentiment has been growing since then, and hit its previous high of 21 points in February 2019. And while the poll appears to show that Democrats have a powerful issue at stake in the midterms​ when control of Congress is up for grabs​, the party’s candidates will have to overcome President Biden’s ​meager poll numbers. Biden’s approval rating is at 38% and his disapproval rating is 53%. Among Republicans, 93% disapprove of his job performance, as do 58% of independents and 14% of Democrats. Looking at the gun reform proposals now being debated, 86% of Americans back more funding for mental health screenings and treatment, 82% support requiring background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or in private purchases, and 73% back red flag laws. But the percentages drop when looking at other reforms. Sixty-one percent of Americans say they would definitely vote for a congressional candidate who seeks more restrictive gun laws, and 56% would vote for a candidate who wants to ban military-style assault rifles like the AK-47 or AR-15. While 83% of Democrats say they would vote for the candidate who wants to ban assault rifles, only 45% of independents and 34% of Republicans would. But Americans don’t support arming teachers — 51% say they would vote against a candidate who wants to do that, while 37% say they would vote for that candidate. The poll — which has a margin of error of 4.3 percentage points — surveyed 1,063 adults between May 31 and June 6.