Chances are, if you’re reading this article, there is a Squishmallow collection not too far from the computer. The squishy, adorable plush toys have taken over the internet and our hearts this past year, also infiltrating social media with news of new ‘mallow friends, launches and hauls from ultimate collectors. If you haven’t heard of the plushy pillows yet, here is a quick rundown. Squishmallows are super soft, plush toys that are typically animal themed, although there are also food-shaped options, mythical creatures, holiday plushes, plushes inspired by your favorite movies and shows (“Star Wars,” “Monster’s Inc.”) and more. They each have their own names and stories, too, which makes collecting even more fun. So, could these be the next Beanie Babies? The plushies aren’t just for kids and are certainly for adults too. During the pandemic, people of all ages have been collecting the pillows, many trying to get them all. Collectors have documented their stash of squish in TikTok videos like the one below, garnering the attention of other fans and astonished onlookers, too. This video has over 100,000 likes, and many others have reached the millions, showing just how addicting these unassuming plush creatures can be. Since there are over 1,000 to collect, tracking down each one is a challenge, and we are here to help. There are a number of retailers that have the official Squishmallows in stock, as well as some dupes that don’t carry the official name but do pack a plush, pillowy punch, should you find even more off-brand characters to add to your collection. Read on for where to find grade-A Squishmallows and then get collecting, as the variety and stock will vary and change quickly. Amazon is a prime place to buy the official Squishmallows, as they have a storefront page that is easy to navigate. Browse them all while looking for bestsellers like Anastasia The Axolotl and then sort by Disney, seasonal squishes, mini Squishville sets and more. Walmart is another amazing option when it comes time to hunt for your next Squishmallow find. The site lets you sort by popular characters like Cow Squishmallows including Connor, Ronnie and even the pink Evangelica. You can also shop by size, with options for 12, 16 and 20-inch ‘mallows. Come for a piercing, stay for the Squishmallows. The retailer sells the official toys on their online site, with a great variety of rare and seasonal Squishmallows to choose from. Make sure to grab the coveted Boba Tea plush and then take a look at both Austin the Avocado and the matching Sinclair the Avocado Toast plushie for the most adorable set. If you were aiming for a variety of Squshmallows, Target hits the spot. The store has a ton to shop online, including Dexter the Dinosaur, Malcom the Mushroom, Corinna the Cat and more. No need to send us a thank you card for finding this spot for Squishmallow plushies. Check out The Paper Store for some unique finds, like the exclusive Barika the Bearded Dragon and Havin the Bee. They also carry plush keychains, stickers and other Squishmallow merch to add to your display. Get jeans, tops and then some Squishmallow toys, too. We couldn’t believe American Eagle had these in stock, but they have a great variety. Shop them all, taking note that they currently have the beloved Lucia the Red Fox in stock as well as other must-haves. Stop what your doing and head to GameStop’s site for all things Squishmallow. The gaming shop carries the plushies, and even has the console-shaped Galia the Handheld Game and Adin the Arcade Game. You can also find Sanrio Squishmallows here, like Sanrio Kuromi Purple Hood and Sanrio Pompompurin Beach for now. Get your toy chest ready for more Squishmallows. This shop has pages of rare and lovable Squishmallows in stock, including Winnie the Pooh characters, Halloween plushies and more. Get the plushies and the book to go with them at Books-a-Million. The retailer sells both the Squishmallow stuffed toys as well as The Official Collector’s Guide book, so you can track your collecting progress as you go. Get nice and cozy with Squishmallows and matching Squishmallow slippers, both sold at Walgreens. The drugstore has classic stuffies on the site, but also check out the slippers with options for cow, lion and more. I bet if you packed one of these in their bag, no one would complain. Head to BoxLunch for even more Squishmallow fun. They sell a variety of full-sized squishies, but they also sell mixed mystery bags of mini plush toys that are even more fun. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.  