A cleaning expert has shocked social media users by revealing the state of her daughter’s very messy room. The woman, who goes by the acronym @snowenne_cleans on TikTok, shared a short video where she can be seen taking her followers on a tour of her daughter’s bedroom. She explains: “Let’s see how my daughter’s room has been.” But as Snowenne opens the door, she’s greeted with an unmade bed, jeans, and socks flung on the floor, clothes piled high waiting to be hung up and pens scattered across the carpet. “Well…looks like it’s messy again,” the cleaning expert quips. “Guess it’s time to clean it again.” Snowenne adds: “Just an FYI – our dog got into her room and chewed a stuffed animal up. So that’s why there’s fluff everywhere – it wasn’t from her this time!” The cleaning pro then sets to work putting her daughter’s possessions back into their correct places. In a second video where her daughter’s room looks equally as messy, Snowenne jokes: “What everyone in my comments section says every time I post a video of my daughter’s room.” She then plays a voice-over in the background which says: “That’s not normal and I think maybe you should get some help or something.” Snowenne’s post has been inundated with comments from other parents – with many asking the same thing. “Why don’t you have her help you clean it?” questioned one. Snowenne responded: “Because I like to use this time to declutter it and get rid of anything she no longer needs.” A second noted: “She will only learn if she cleans it.” A third recalled: “If we didn’t clean our rooms growing up, my mum would throw our things away. Eventually, we started to clean it up.” Meanwhile, another commented: “I clean every morning after my oldest goes to school. I would NEVER let my kids room look like this.” Snowenne replied: “We can clean it but we leave her for a bit and she can destroy her room in seconds. I don’t get it. It’s been our struggle with her.” A further added: “My mum has stopped cleaning my room for me, I know your daughter helps you but my mum now refuses to do it at all.” Snowenne commented: “I wish I could refuse too, but I would be too scared to see what would happen.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.