This was just another OTA day in June, and Joe Douglas was talking about his previous stop, Philadelphia, and how it prepared him for the rigors of New York. The Jets general manager was explaining that the Eagles were under 24/7 scrutiny, and always the lead sports story in a market as unforgiving as any in the land. “This is a tough town and tough fan base too,” Douglas said Thursday at the Jets’ facility, in a conversation with The Post. “But there are seven other teams here. I feel like it’s a Knicks-Yankees town. Hopefully it can be a Jets town soon.” So on a day when the Stanley Cup itself was showcased under the majestic oak tree on the Jets’ practice fields, a couple of questions begged to be asked: 1) Will anyone ever put the Vince Lombardi Trophy under that tree? 2) Is Joe Douglas, a bearded bear of a man, strong enough to put it there? Someone will finally win a second Super Bowl for the Jets one of these decades, just like someone finally won a first for the Eagles to cap the 2017 season, when Douglas was Philly’s vice president of player personnel. If the current Jets GM is the executive who wins his franchise’s first title since the 1968 season, Joe D., as in Douglas, will be a toast of the town to rival Joe D., as in DiMaggio. Of course, that’s a million country miles from where the Jets stand today, at 13-36 in the Douglas years with no assurance that the GM’s most critical hires — head coach Robert Saleh and quarterback Zach Wilson — will be significantly better in 2022 than they were as rookies in 2021. But given the new tools he’s handed Saleh and Wilson, Douglas has shown signs he could be here for the long haul as the GM who returns the Jets to relevance. Start with his toughness, handed down by his father and hero, a Green Beret who led a five-man reconnaissance team through the jungles of Vietnam. “Growing up with him every day, it was no bulls–t,” Douglas recalled. “There was no bravado with his chest out; you’d never know he was special forces if you saw him. … My dad had a humility about him.” A quiet strength, just like his son had growing up in a Civil War town, Mechanicsville, Va. Joe Sr. wanted his boy to spend his summers on his cousin’s farm picking tomatoes and watermelons, at least until Joe Jr.’s high school coach persuaded his dad to let him work his way toward the college scholarship he’d later earn at Richmond as an offensive lineman. Upon graduation, Douglas interviewed for entry-level scouting jobs with the Ravens, Patriots and Jets. Mike Tannenbaum, then the Jets’ director of pro player development, conducted the interview by phone and, like everyone else, kindly turned down the young hopeful. All these years later, Douglas is sitting in Tannenbaum’s old GM chair. He was the first Ravens scout and protégé of the great Ozzie Newsome to watch and recommend Delaware’s Joe Flacco, later a Super Bowl MVP, and he was an impactful voice under Howie Roseman in the building of Philly’s title team. “If people were being completely honest,” Douglas said, “really 2018 was the [targeted] year for winning it, and everything just came together in 2017. “We had a great week of [preseason] practice against the Dolphins, who were coming off the playoffs, and we were coming off a 7-9 season. We felt like we dominated that week of practice. That was the confidence boost to say, ‘Hey, we’re good enough to win games in this league.’ ” Douglas believes his Jets need a similar boost. “I feel there’s talent on this roster,” he said, “but there’s got to be that spark to build their confidence. … And we’ve got to go out and prove it.” If a draft class can be that spark, well, Douglas just landed what could be the NFL’s best, and what could be the best in New York, in any sport, in a long, long time. He selected arguably the best cornerback (Sauce Gardner), receiver (Garrett Wilson), and running back (Breece Hall), and landed an elite edge rusher (Jermaine Johnson II). Respected NFL Network analyst and former NFL scout Daniel Jeremiah ranked Gardner as the draft’s second-best prospect, Wilson as the fourth, Johnson as the ninth, and Hall as the 28th, and Douglas picked them at Nos. 4, 10, 26, and 36, respectively, trading up for Johnson and Hall. The GM also used free agency to add depth to the Jets’ most high-powered unit, the defensive line, and to give his quarterback help up front (Laken Tomlinson), and help in the midrange passing game (tight ends C.J. Uzomah and Tyler Conklin). But in the end, after stockpiling and deploying the draft picks in the Jamal Adams and Sam Darnold trades, Douglas knows his fate will be determined by Saleh and Wilson. He swears his belief in them remains 100 percent intact. “Robert’s team meetings are the best team meetings I’ve ever been around,” said Douglas, now in the league for 22 years. He cited the coach’s nonstop energy and teaching skills. The quarterback? “Seeing Zach right now as opposed to where he was as a rookie,” the GM said, “just trying to keep his head above water, there’s a lot more confidence in him and he’s a lot more comfortable in the scheme.” Douglas can overcome his first draft, a forgettable one, in 2020, but he can’t overcome the No. 2 overall pick in his second one not thriving. Wilson has to become a viable franchise quarterback, or else. Everyone knows that. Meanwhile, in the middle of his six-year deal, facing a brutal schedule and a stacked conference, Douglas repeated that he wants his team to be in the mix in December. Crazy things do happen in sports — look at last year’s Bengals — so who knows with the Jets? “We have our own hurdles to clear to have success,” their GM said. If nothing else, Joe Douglas cleared a few this offseason. Down the road, maybe he’ll be the one to finally make New York a Jets town.