One week after a scathing report from the New York Times accused Deshaun Watson of using at least 66 female massage therapists over a 17-month span, the Cleveland Browns’ quarterback continued to proclaim his innocence. Fielding questions from reporters Tuesday morning in his first public comments since March, Watson struck the same tone that he has maintained since the accusations first surfaced. “Like I’ve said, I’ve never assaulted anyone, never harassed anyone, never disrespected anyone, never forced anyone to do anything,” Watson said. When asked if the figure of 66 separate massage therapists seemed accurate, Watson responded: “I don’t think so.” “At the same time, that’s more of a legal question that I can’t get into details about,” he added. “You’ll probably have to ask my attorneys about that.” Watson, 26, is facing 24 civil lawsuits alleging inappropriate sexual content. That total is expected to climb to 26 in the coming days. With regards to the NFL investigation, Watson insisted that he has “been honest … (with) every question that they’ve asked.” Now, Watson says, all he wants to do is “clear my name.” “Being able to focus on myself a little bit and being able to figure out how I can be the best human being I can be, the best teammate I can be, the best son I can be,” Watson said. “Having a smile on my face, walking with my head held high because I know who I really am.” Watson — who was traded from the Texans to the Browns in March and signed a five-year, fully-guaranteed $230 million contract over the offseason — repeatedly mentioned his desire to become involved in the Cleveland community. He also praised his teammates for creating a welcoming environment in the locker room, later noting that he hopes to finish his career with the Browns. “It’s been a long year-and-a-half, personally it’s been tough,” Watson, who noted he has used counseling resources provided by the Browns, said. “… I’m going to continue to grow as an individual, grow as a human being to be the best citizen, best person I can be.”