After a limited MLB slate on Monday, bettors are on the receiving end of a 16-game schedule Tuesday. But, which games are expert bettors targeting? By utilizing the Action Network PRO Report, we can use five signals — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to identify where the experts are leaning. Today’s report has identified one side and two totals that trigger at least a majority of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. Despite falling 3-2 to the Nationals last night, expert bettors are intrigued by the Pirates as road dogs tonight. The Pirates, which lead the season series against the Nationals 3-2, have received sharp action in their direction. Interestingly, their moneyline price has risen in the process from a +100 consensus opening to +105 at most shops. Additionally, big money is interested in the Pirates as well. As of this writing, Pittsburgh has seen 55 percent of all moneyline bets against 94 percent of the total handle. That qualifies as the third-largest money percentage across the board. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Pirates tonight, giving them three total signals in their direction. Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+105) — BetMGM  The Blue Jays have won two straight games against the Red Sox, but experts are seeing value in the total tonight. We’ve seen sharp action come in on the under, which opened at 9.5 runs and has ticked down to nine at some shops. Bettors can still find 9.5 runs depending on where they shop, but will have to lay -125 in order to get the extra half-run. Big money bettors are also getting behind the under in Toronto. As of this writing, that market has seen 66 percent of all bets against 93 percent of the total handle. That qualifies as the fifth-highest money percentage amongst today’s totals. Lastly, two top Action Network MLB betting experts are backing the under to round out the three signals going in its direction. Total Under 9 Runs (+100) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Astros have won both games against the Mets this season, but experts are once again interested in the total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which opened at 8.5 runs but has seen downward movement to eight runs at most shops. Plus, big money bettors are also interested in this market — as of this writing, the under has seen only 43 percent of bets against 90 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under to give it three signals in its direction. Total Under 8 Runs (-105) — BetMGM