The English actor’s magical former pad is ready for a new owner. Daniel Radcliffe’s one-time unit at One Morton Square has listed for $5.65 million. The 32-year-old “Harry Potter” child star previously bought the West Village three-bedroom for $4.9 million in February, 2008, public records show. The purchase was one of two the UK-native made in the span of a few months at the time: The One Morton acquisition followed him buying a $4.3 million loft-style two-bedroom at the trendy, glass-walled, Jean Nouvel-designed 40 Mercer Street the November prior, the New York Times reported at the time. Only, Radcliffe didn’t live at the Mercer Street apartment, and it was listed for $20,000 a month rent shortly thereafter. The Morton unit, though, he actually moved into, and used as a pad while making his Broadway debut in “Equus,” according to the Times. At the time, Oliver Stone, Mike Myers, Amy Poehler and Will Arnett also lived at the celebrity-studded address, The Post wrote in 2011. “Located in one of the finest full-service residential buildings in the West Village, One Morton Square is a white-glove, full-service condominium with full-time doorman and concierge, on-site resident manager and full time porter staff,” boasts the unit’s current listing, which is held by Jane Greenberg of Avenue 8. “The home flows beautifully, blending warmth with spacial sense, creatively using every inch of its 2,445 square feet.” All three bedrooms are “wildly oversized” and have en-suite bathrooms (there is also an additional half bath) and the living room features floor-to-ceiling windows and Hudson River views. There is additionally a separate dining room and adjacent library “replete with swivel TV” and a kitchen with “top-of-the-line everything.” Other highlights include the fact that the shades are motorized, two of the showers have steam capabilities, there’s central air and custom double breakfast bars off the kitchen. The building itself offers amenities ranging from a 3,000-square-foot fitness center, kids playroom, bike room, on-site parking and storage.