Only 10 games fill out today’s Major League Baseball schedule, but expert bettors have still identified sides with value. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report sees three moneyline underdogs trigger at least a majority of the five signals. Without further delay, let’s examine the recommendations. The Braves arrive at this contest having won 11 straight games — including a four-game sweep of the Pirates this past weekend — but bettors like the Nationals. We’ve seen sharp money coming in on the Nationals moneyline, which opened at a +137 consensus price but now sits between +116 and +130. Additionally, big money bettors like the Nationals — as of this writing, the Nationals have seen only 15 percent of all bets against 56 percent of the total handle. Further, one Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public — triggers the Nationals. That system, which primarily looks for divisional underdogs with less than 29 percent of all bets, has a 45 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Nationals to give it four signals in its favor. Washington Nationals Moneyline (+125) — Caesars Sportsbook The Phillies have won nine of its last 10 games, but experts are backing the Marlins tonight as road underdogs. We’ve seen sharp action coming in on Miami, which saw its moneyline open at +135. However, the current top price available has ticked down to +124 with a majority of books sitting between +110 and +120. Additionally, big money is supporting the Marlins as well. As of this writing, Miami has seen 64 percent of all bets against 89 percent of the total handle, the largest money percentage amongst all underdogs today. Finally, two MLB betting experts from The Action Network are supporting the Marlins tonight to give it three signals in its favor. Miami Marlins Moneyline (+118) — Fanduel Sportsbook Despite losing six straight games, the Pirates are receiving the attention of expert bettors tonight. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on Pittsburgh, which opened as +170 consensus underdogs but now has a top price of +165. Plus, big money bettors are interested in the Pirates as well — as of this writing, it has seen only 18 percent of all bets against 57 percent of the total handle. Lastly, two of Action Network’s top MLB betting experts are backing the Pirates to give it three signals in its favor. Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+155) — BetMGM Sportsbook