The Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial has finally come to a close. The verdict came in on Wednesday afternoon in a Fairfax, Virginia, courtroom. The jury awarded Depp $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages. Heard was awarded $2 million in compensatory damages and no punitive damages. Virginia law states that punitive damages must be capped at $350,000, meaning Depp will actually receive a maximum total of $10.35 million. In a lengthy statement to The Post, Depp said via a spokesperson: “Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed.” “All in the blink of an eye,” he continued. “False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. It had already traveled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career.” “And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled.” “My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought.” “From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome. Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that.” “I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media.” “I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth.” Depp concluded: “The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes.” Heard told The Post in a statement regarding the adjudication that she is “disappointed with what this verdict means for other women.” “The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband.” “I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly,” Heard added. While the “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor was not physically present in the room as the verdict was read — he has been staying in the United Kingdom due to work commitments — he was listening to the court proceedings. The seven-person jury achieved their decision on Wednesday morning, the third day of deliberations. “Due to previously scheduled work commitments made before the trial, Mr. Depp will not be physically present for today’s 3 p.m. verdict and will be watching from the United Kingdom,” a source told The Post today. Heard was in the courtroom during the verdict. A rep for the “Aquaman” star told The Post earlier today about her court appearance, “Your presence shows where your priorities are. Johnny Depp plays guitar in the UK while Amber Heard waits for a verdict in Virginia.” Depp played a surprise concert in England with Jeff Beck on Sunday. “Depp is taking his snickering and lack of seriousness on tour,” the rep added. Heard has claimed throughout the case that her career and involvement in the upcoming “Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom” has been diminished due to the trial. “I lost opportunities. I got dropped from jobs and campaigns. I fought to keep my job and the biggest movie opportunity I had to date, ‘Justice League,’ with the option to [star in] ‘Aquaman,’ ” she said during one of her testimonies. Heard and Depp were married from 2015 to 2018.