There are 30 sides available to bettors on today’s MLB board, but three are catching expert bettors’ attention. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. All three sides identified by today’s report trigger at least three of the above signals. Without further delay, let’s examine the recommendations. The Twins have won three of the last four against the Guardians and experts like them to make it four of five tonight. We’ve seen sharp action on the Twins moneyline, which opened at -110 and has largely held steady around that number. Plus, big money bettors are also interested in Minnesota — as of this writing, the Twins have received 61 percent of all bets against 90 percent of the total handle. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Twins to round out the three signals going in their direction. Minnesota Twins Moneyline (-108) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Marlins have dropped two straight and four of five against the Cardinals, but experts believe in the visitors Wednesday. We’ve seen a decent amount of sharp action on the Fish, which opened as a -105 underdog but has risen to a consensus -117 favorite. Big money is also interested in Miami — they’ve received 62 percent of all bets and 97 percent of the total handle as of this writing. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Marlins, giving them three signals in their direction. Miami Marlins Moneyline (-120) — BetMGM The Reds have won three straight against the Cubs, but experts believe the Cubs get back to winning ways tonight at home. Sharp action has hit the Cubs moneyline, which opened at a consensus -140 price and has largely held firm around that number. Big money is, once again, interested in the hosts too. As of this writing, the Cubs have received 63 percent of all bets against 88 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top Action Network MLB expert is supporting the Cubs tonight, giving them three signals in their direction. Chicago Cubs Moneyline (-135) — BetMGM