Four people were killed and a gunman took his own life in a mass shooting at an Oklahoma hospital on Wednesday night, cops said. The shooting took place at an orthopedic office on the second floor of the Natalie Medical Building at St. Francis Hospital in Tulsa at around 5 p.m., Tulsa Deputy Police Chief Eric Dalgleish told reporters at a press conference. Police had initially responded to a report of a man inside of the building with a rifle and a handgun before it escalated into an active shooter situation, cops said. They arrived on scene in three minutes and made contact with the victims and the shooter. The shooter, identified only as a man between the age of 35 and 40, appears to have turned one of his guns on himself, according to police. He is not believed to have been wearing any body armor during the shooting. Cops also said “multiple” people were wounded. It was not immediately clear how many people were injured or what condition they were in. At least one victim was transported to another nearby hospital. No officers or responders were injured, cops said. The victims “could have been hospital employees and visitors,” Dalgleish said. One victim was found later locked in a closet as police searched the building room-by-room,. According to the chief, the scene was limited to the second floor of the building, part of which included an orthopedic office. It’s unclear if the shooting was targeted or random. A reunification checkpoint for families has been set up at Memorial High School on the west side of LaFortune Park, cops said. The shooting comes just one week after an 18-year-old gunman murdered 19 fourth-graders and two teachers at an elementary school in Uvalde Texas. It was not immediately clear how many people were injured or what condition they were in. Tulsa Mayor G. T. Bynum described the hospital as “sacred grounds for the community,” supporting the city through the COVID-19 pandemic over the last two and a half years. “This has been a facility more than any other that has worked to save the lives of this city,” Bynum said. He offered “profound gratitude” to the first responders who “did not hesitate today to respond to this act of violence.” The shooting comes just one week after an 18-year-old gunman murdered 19 fourth-graders and two students at an elementary school in Uvalde Texas. When asked about gun control in response to the Tulsa and Texas shootings, Bynum said, “If we want to have a policy discussion that is something to have in the future. But not tonight.”