Maybe you know Vanessa Lachey, 41, as the lead in “NCIS: Hawaii.” Perhaps you know her as the glamorous woman who has taken over Netflix alongside her husband, Nick Lachey, 48. The unstoppable duo has brought two jaw-dropping seasons of “Love Is Blind” and one unbelievable season of “The Ultimatum” — which we’ve shamelessly binged on repeat. And if you’re wondering, future seasons of each show are on the way, plus a brand new project she can’t mention quite yet. The happy couple isn’t just cultivating love scenes on the screen but also in their personal lives. “Working together with Nick has been the best thing for our marriage because we know each other better than anyone else,” said the television host. “We have each other’s backs. We’re not trying to one-up each other.” Lachey continued to share that her relationship with her husband, alongside her hard work, gave her the strength to become who she is today. “My mom left when I was a young girl, and when [she did], it left a void in my life on how to navigate being a young woman and now a mother and a wife,” she shared. “I found it an opportunity to buck up and create my own destiny and right the wrongs that have happened to me. And I believe Nick gave me the strength to become the woman that I am on top of my hard work.” This big idea is further revealed in Lachey’s book “Life From Scratch,” where she teaches readers that a messy past doesn’t define your future. As Lachey dove into her personal discoveries, she also disclosed her go-to summer beauty routine. “[My summer beauty routine] is a combination of things, but definitely always wear sunscreen and always wash your face whether you have makeup on or not,” the actress heavily stressed. She concluded by explaining that “dry skin does not age well, so constantly moisturize.” Of course, we had to ask about Lachey’s favorite skincare brand, and she credited her glowing complexion to celebrity dermatologist and Lancer Skincare founder Dr. Lancer. “Believe it or not, I went to [Dr. Lancer] when I had hives after my first pregnancy,” said Lachey. Dr. Lancer started the mother-of-three on a skincare regimen made up of washing her face, moisturizing, polishing and applying vitamin C and serums. “The simplicity of washing, moisturizing and then [exfoliating] a couple times a week had made a massive difference in my skin,” Lachey explained. “But it did not help the hives.” Having struggled with hives since she was eight, this didn’t surprise Lachey. After all, she had spent her life under the spell of hives while crying, taking ice baths and covering herself with topical solutions. Lachey would see little to no improvement and felt fresh out of luck — until Allegra Hives. “I want to shout this from the rooftops, and I’m so excited to share with you today because it offers 24-hour relief,” Lachey shared. “It is non-drowsy, and it is the only oral, over-the-counter medication that attacks the hives from the inside out. It relieves the itching and reduces the hives. And honestly, that’s a game changer for me to be able to take something and not be creaming up.” Allegra Hives is currently rolling out among select retailers and will be available nationwide in August. We recommend checking back here, as we will share once the product is available at Amazon, Target, Walmart and more. Before leaving the interview, we had to ask the powerhouse model what her best piece of advice is. She said to always “try with love.” “If you fail, at least you tried. And if you don’t, then you’re glad you took that leap of faith,” Lachey expressed. “My one simplistic word would be try, but it is definitely a loaded try. I think that you’ll have no regrets and you’ll appreciate at least giving it a good old effort.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.