An Australian horse heiress is saddled with charges after being accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy four times in a single day. Savannah Daisley, 45, faced Waverley Local Court in Sydney on Tuesday on child sex abuse allegations, with Judge Jaqueline Milledge denying her bail over the “quite disturbing” allegations. The glamorous mother of two, who is the daughter of famed Aussie horse breeder Ross Daisley, strongly denies the accusations and intends to plead not guilty. Cops claim an unbridled Daisley molested the minor four times before 5 p.m. on May 20 last year. It’s unclear whether the pair were known to each other prior to the alleged acts. Daisley’s defense lawyer cried neigh — arguing that the accusations against his socialite client were made “in spite,” and that it was an “oath vs. oath” case. However, prosecutor Daniel Richardson claims evidence, straight from the horse’s mouth, exists: He said a police officer told him about a recording of a tawdry phone call made by the heiress, in which she allegedly admits to kissing the teen. Richardson claimed that the recording reveals that Daisley had little recollection of the incident, perhaps due to her being intoxicated at the time. “But she says, ‘I thought you were going to call the police on me, I thought we had placed this in a little box and thrown it deep into the sea,'” the prosecutor told the court. “[The officer’s] instruction to me was the phone call was quite damning to her. The facts are that admissions were made that were captured on telephone intercept and it is a quite serious matter.” Daisley’s Instagram account has been deleted, but a screenshot of a recent post, obtained by news.com.au, features a caption penned by the heiress revealing she was 223 days sober. The post also reveals that she had “walked away from her partner of 8 years.” Daisley is a trained naturopath who founded the business Smart Cleanse, which offers various 14-day detox plans. The company website reads: “Over a number of years, Savannah has helped tens of thousands of people detoxify their bodies, lose weight, heal their digestion, improve strength and fitness, eliminate stress, reverse the aging process, overcome various adverse health conditions through the benefits of detoxification, and is passionate about doing so.” The brunette is also the author of two books: “14 Day Smart Cleanse” and the forthcoming “Epigenetics,” which is set to examine how “stress and toxins have a detrimental effect on cell function and structure.” Daisley’s father, Ross Daisley, shot to fame after his thoroughbred racehorse Choisir won the prestigious Royal Ascot and Newmarket races back in 2003. He offered to pay $10,000 to ensure his daughter would return to court if she was granted conditional freedom. A judge denied the offer. Daisley will remain behind bars until her next court appearance on August 23.