The deranged customer charged with gunning down a Queens Chinese food delivery man in a beef over duck sauce was freed Monday after his brother put up his $500,000 bail. Glenn Hirsch, 51, who is charged with murder in the April 30 shooting death of Zhiwen Yan, will now remain free while awaiting trial — unless he violates stringent guidelines. In court on Monday, Queens Supreme Court Justice Kenneth Holder cautioned Hirsch to adhere to strict guidelines of his release, which include monitoring by an ankle bracelet and restrictions on where he can go in the Big Apple. “Anywhere you go that is outside your apartment is going to be restricted in terms of the time that you leave, the time that you remain out and the time that you return,” Holder told Hirsch. “You go outside of the area, the location, if you end up in Manhattan, other areas of Queens, if you end up in Brooklyn or anywhere except a direct route to where you’re supposed to go, the sheriff’s department will pick you up and bring you back before me and I will remand you,” the judge said. “And no matter how much money you have, you will not be coming out of jail until this case is over,” Holder added. The judge said Hirsch must also stay away from the Great Wall restaurant where Yan worked and Lulu Laundry about a block away, where his wife runs a laundry business — and can’t go within one mile of any Big Apple port of entry. Holder warned Hirsch that if he steps foot in the restricted areas, his ankle monitor will go off. The judge also said Hirsch would likely be noticed by locals who’d report him to authorities. “There are enough people apparently around who just hate you that I’m sure they’re are going to take a picture of you, if they see you in an area where you should not be and send it to the court,” the judge said. Holder signed off on Hirsch’s release at an afternoon hearing and he was released later in the day, walking into his Jamaica apartment around 6:30 p.m. He declined to comment. Workers at Great Wall could not immediately be reached for comment. Hirsch’s brother, Lee Hirsch, declined to comment. Hirsch had an ongoing beef with the eatery stemming from his claim last year that they shorted him on duck sauce for his order. The restaurant’s owner said Hirsch had repeatedly harassed him and his workers, claiming the accused killer vandalized his car and showed up at the eatery with a gun in January. “Do you remember me?” restaurant workers recall him saying. Earlier this month, a high-ranking police source told The Post that cops found a huge stash of condiments inside his fridge — which was also “filled with duck sauce.” Hours before Yan was gunned down, police said surveillance footage captured him circling Great Wall in his car, then tailing the delivery man to his next food drop. Yan was shot in the chest and left bleeding on the pavement. Hirsch was picked up by cops at his Briarwood apartment on June 1 and charged with murder in Yan’s death and was ordered held without bail. But at a June 8 court hearing. Holder agreed to set bail at $500,000 cash or a $10 million bond — despite expressing reservations. “I believe there is potentially a risk of flight with your client,” the judge told defense lawyer Michael Horn at the hearing. “I do believe that is possible, given the circumstances involved in this case, given the gravity of this case and given the strength of the case. “But I will set bail in the following manner,” Holder added. “Cash bail of $500,000. Cash, not bond. Cash, $10 million secured surety bond.” Earlier in the June 8 hearing, Horn told the judge Hirsch could possibly raise $500,000 “if he scraped all his assets together.” Horn has acknowledged that Hirsch was in a dispute with the restaurant but denies that he had anything to do with shooting Yan. “We believe that the wrong guy was arrested,” Horn said outside the courthouse Monday. “I’m happy with the way the court worked this because it’s a compromise between the rights of the individual and the safety of the public,” he said. “I think the judge recognized that this is a circumstantial evidence case and we don’t really know what happened yet.” Yan, a married father of three from Forest Hills, was an immigrant who worked several jobs to help provide for his family. He had just made a delivery when he was shot dead.