A woman was left fuming after she was slapped with a fine for indecent exposure for wearing a crop top and shorts in scorching weather. Casey said three female cops handed her the fine while she was out with her family in Winnfield, Louisiana – even though she was covered up in a dark crop top and denim shorts. In a video on TikTok, she said: “At a family event, where there is alcohol being literally handed out for free… three female cops came up to me and gave me a f***ing ticket. “I live a mile down the road. They literally could have been like, ‘hey, ma’am, could you put some clothes on?’ and I would have been like, ‘yeah, cool. I’ll be right back.’ “But no. They stood there and gave me a f***ing ticket for indecent exposure.” Her video on TikTok about the incident has racked up 2.5 million hits. Winnfield Police Department later took to Facebook to hit out at an “unnamed citizen” for “blasting police officers”. The post said: “Three female officers responded to various complaints about the person’s attire and the person of interest was issued a citation under the city ordinance.” According to the post, the local law states: “It shall be unlawful for any person to wear pants, trousers, shorts, skirts, dresses, or skorts in any public place or places open to the public which either intentionally exposes undergarments or intentionally exposes any portion of the pubic hair, cleft of buttocks, or genitals.” A police spokesperson said fines range from $25 for a first offense to a maximum of $300. And the offender could be ordered to carry out up to 40 hours of community service. Casey’s TikTok video and the police department’s response sparked outrage online – with many calling for cops to “stop policing women’s bodies”. One person said: “What gives you the right to give citations for someone wearing clothes that covers the privates, including not allowing anything to hang out??!! “There was nothing indecent about her outfit!! At all!!” Another wrote: “I highly doubt any complaints were made. “We’ve all seen the outfit. 3 female officers took advantage of the power they held and cited a citizen who did not have any of those things exposed. What a joke.” A third said: “Your officers should get to know their public and community. She could have easily went home to change. And instead you just want a citation? Get to know people.” Winnfield Police Department said: “The citizen was given a court date in the Winnfield City Court, which is the proper venue to dispute any allegation. “We, as public servants, will not engage in a social media war with any one or any organization, as it is improper and brings discredit upon this department. “We also cannot comment on details of any case under investigation or pending court action.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.