The Issue: Mayor Adams’ statement that the mask mandate for children under 5 will continue. The only reason Mayor Adams wants masks on 5-year-olds and under is because everything else he is in charge of is a disaster (“Eric: keep them on, kiddies!”, June 3). He is more worried about putting a mask on children under 5 than stopping 11-year-olds from being shot and killed. Some .01% to 1.5% of child COVID cases resulted in hospitalization. Even less — 0% to 0.2% — resulted in death. Crime is through the roof, shootings and stabbings and homeless are destroying this city and he continues to fix nothing. All talk and nice suits — that’s what this mayor is about. Lance Lovejoy Maspeth Once again, Adams has yielded to the anti-science “woke” crowd at the New York City Department of Health by continuing to support the masking of children under 5. He is seemingly under the spell of out-of-touch Health Commissioner Dr. Ashwin Vasan, who has made it clear that he would mask young children indefinitely. How is it that school children in other cities can go mask-free and thrive, while our public schools continue to impose these harmful mandates on the very young? Apparently, the concerns expressed by parents and child-developmental professionals are simply ignored or given lip service by the Adams administration. Adams needs to stop partying and do the job he was elected to do. Anthony Scro Whitestone So the idiot in charge wants to keep masks on children. This guy is so out of touch. He says he and his experts evaluate the situation everyday — if that isn’t a load of crap. I never thought New York could do worse than former Mayor Bill de Blasio. Adams is so incapable of running this city, it’s such a slap in the face to all (unless you are with him at one of his elite dinners). Good luck, New York. You need it. Steven DelGaudio Edgewater, NJ Once again, the mayor is bending to “woke” ideals and giving up any hope of a backbone. While it’s known nationally toddlers are not at high risk for COVID, the mayor continues to suffocate these innocents. It’s time to get off the Anthony Fauci bus that continues to run only in absurd loops and catch up with the rest of the country moving forward. Doc Ludemann Bridgeport, Conn. The Issue: A jury awarding Johnny Depp $10 million in his defamation case against ex-wife Amber Heard. It is a sad commentary that at a time in which there is so much that is wrong in our country and so much that we need to fix and heal, one of the stories of greatest interest is the Amber Heard/Johnny Depp court slugfest (“Johnny be good,” June 2). Johnny Depp groupies with nothing better to do cheer for their man, and Amber Heard is targeted with death threats and hate because she pursued the popular star. I have no sympathy for either of them. Oren Spiegler Peters Township, Pa. After reading The Post yesterday, I was appalled to see the headlines about this dirtbag, Depp, and his win in court. Where are all the women’s rights groups after this sham of a court trial was over? And look at all the women who showed up at the trial who idolize this bum. People are trying to make ends meet in this country, and the court awards him $10 million for being a dirtbag and allegedly disrespecting his wife and abusing her. And they call this justice. Where are you, “#MeToo”? John Wilde Massapequa Park Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.