A psychology expert on TikTok shared a test that determines where you are in life and what you’re yearning for. The clip went viral, receiving over 3.4 million views. A woman named Sonya, who goes by @selfhelpsonya on TikTok, posted a series of videos in which she helps viewers realize their innermost desires and fears. “I literally just took this test and it’s so creepy how accurate it is,” she began. The test comprises of 12 questions. “Imagine that you’re in a forest and there is a winding road filled with trees.” The first question: Are the trees organized in a pattern or are they chaotically spread out all over the place? The second question: Is it nighttime or daytime? The third question is two parts: Is the path wide or is it narrow? And is it visited frequently or hardly traveled on? “Now you keep walking on the path and you suddenly see a key lying on the ground.” The fourth question: Is the key big or small, and what does it unlock? The fifth question: Do you pick it up or do you leave it there? “Now imagine, you continue walking on this path and suddenly, you see a bear.” The sixth question: Is the bear menacing or friendly, and does it scare you? The seventh question: How big is the bear? “So now the bear vanishes back into the woods and you continue walking on the path and you see an urn.” The eighth question: Describe the urn and what it is made out of. The ninth question: As you approach the urn, what is inside of it? “So, then you leave the urn and you continue walking on the road until you approach a house.” The tenth question: What kind of house is it and is it big or is it small? “Then, from the outside of the house you hear a man inside of the house screaming to let him out and he sounds crazy.” The eleventh question: Do you open the door for this man? “Now, you’re still standing in front of the house, and everything just turns white. There’s nothing around you and you keep walking and nothing is changing. “You scream and nobody can hear you. No matter what you do, everything’s the same.” The twelfth question: So what do you do? Do you give up and just stay in the same place? Or do you continue exploring hoping to find an exit? After listing all of the questions, she revealed the results. “Question one: If the trees are organized and logical, so are you. You crave a lot of structure in your life. “On the other hand, if the trees are spread out all over the place, these things are less important to you and you might be somebody who is more concerned about the essence of things rather than how they are presented.” The second question is a reflection of how you perceive your childhood: Sunlight means you view your childhood fondly, and darkness means you don’t have the best memories of that time. “Question number three: the path is the path you are currently following. A very wide and clear path indicates that you feel very comfortable and certain about what you’re doing and where you’re going. “On the other hand, a very narrow or less traveled path might indicate that there is a lot of hesitation in what you’re doing and uncertainty about the future.” For the fourth question, the key’s age indicates how old a current dream of yours is: The older the key, the longer you’ve held onto that dream. And the size of the key indicates how badly you want that dream to happen: The bigger the key, the greater the desire. For the fifth question, if you chose to leave the key behind, you’re likely a little threatened by your dream and don’t want it to completely change your life. If you chose to pick up the key, your desire for that dream is a lot greater than your fear of it. “Question number six: The more menacing the bear, the more you are worried about life’s problems. “If the bear is just casually walking through the forest, you might view your life’s current problems as simply that — they’re just life’s problems and there will be a solution to them.” For the seventh question, the size of the bear represents how big or small you view these problems. “Question number eight: The urn represents your connection to your ancestors. If the urn is really big, then it could represent that you feel your connection to your parents or the previous generation is really strong. And if it’s small, vice versa. “An urn made of really ancient materials might mean that you feel totally disconnected.” For the ninth question, what’s in the urn represents what you have in connection to your ancestors. Ashes might mean your connection is diminishing, and water or living things mean there is still a lot to gain from those relationships. “Question number ten: A bigger and fancier house may represent your bigger dreams of wealth and prosperity, while on the other hand, a smaller house might represent that you’re somebody who’s generally content with what life gives you.” For the 11th question, what you do about the crazy man in the house represents how much you trust other people. If you open the door for him, you’re probably more trusting and likely put people first even if that poses a threat to yourself. If you don’t open the door, you’re more careful about who you trust. “And last but not least, question number twelve: If you chose not to try and look for an exit, this could mean that you’re somebody who is ok without change and you just accept what life is and think it’s inevitable. “If you kept trying to look for an exit, that can be representative of the fact that you are somebody who continually likes to evolve and grow and seek new challenges.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.