Remember: It’s never President Joe Biden’s fault. Gas prices have been skyrocketing for months, hitting a national average of $4.86 a gallon before the summer driving season even starts. Not Joe’s fault, says Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg: “The price of gasoline is not set by a dial in the Oval Office.” Pathetic. Pump prices, for example, are driven by oil prices, along with other macroeconomic trends. And those Biden has turned massively negative, first by his injection of $1.9 trillion of needless stimulus into a recovering economy and then denying, minimizing and deflecting on the resultant inflation for months. They’re also driven by regulatory moves, such as Biden’s idiotic chokehold on domestic energy production — which now has him likely begging Saudi Arabia for oil handouts. So if that’s not his responsibility — what is? And that’s to say nothing of the fact that when the president and his bad larger economy get called out by, say, Elon Musk or Jamie Dimon over visibly gathering storm clouds, Biden engages in his usual lame attempts at sarcastic dismissal (like wishing Musk well on his trip to the moon) or pointing to modest green shoots (like plant hiring by Ford) as evidence of a recovery. Voters know better, with a staggering 83% seeing the economy as poor or not good, while the share who say they have a good chance of improving their standard of living has plummeted 20 points over the last year to just 27%. Yet Politico sympathetically reports that the White House in general thinks the nation’s woes are just bad luck, or that Biden’s grim numbers are due to a messaging failure; Americans just don’t realize how good things really are. No: the administration is delusional, not the citizens. Americans feel the economic pain every day — even as they see Biden flailing internationally. The current big White House plan to address all this, Politico reveals? A pull-out-all-the-stops Biden roadshow. No unleashing domestic energy production, no promises to rein in massive spending, no real change. When the president’s never at fault, all Americans will get is more of the same.