This Connecticut property manages to pack in a ton of fun — so much, in fact, that its dedicated sports and entertainment complex is larger than the main house itself. Recently re-listed for $6.79 million, this 6.43-acre spread in affluent New Canaan keeps boredom at bay thanks to that 10,000-square-foot amenity space. Inside, fun-seekers get a half court for basketball, a bowling alley, a home theater that seats up to 30 viewers, a full-swing golf simulator — even a wooden stage with professional lighting. There’s even a gourmet kitchen that looks out to the basketball court and stage, a separate lounge with a fireplace that has the same view, space for billiards — and a bar. “It really is a getaway even though you’re seven minutes from the center of town and an hour from New York City,” listing agent Mark Pires, of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices New England Properties, told The Post. “It’s really a cool place.” The estate, whose main house measures some 9,200 square feet, first listed for $15 million — more than twice is current price — in 2015, with Pires as its agent. The property formerly belonged to Rodney A. Hawes, Jr., the retired chairman and CEO of the reinsurance company Life Re Corporation, who built that sprawling amenity space for his grandchildren — of whom there are more than 20. “We needed a place for them to play,” he told the Wall Street Journal at the time of that listing. Hawes, who since moved to his native Idaho, sold the spread off-market to Euro Properties, a real estate investor and developer based in Hong Kong, for $10.8 million in 2014. The initial goal was to flip. Euro Properties still owns the estate, and family members of the owners still live there — and they’ve even used it as a corporate event facility. The listing price, as it stands, means Euro Properties will sell at a loss in the millions of dollars. “Based on the fact that we’re still dealing with a bit of a COVID market, this is a very good price for what you get,” said Pires, adding the listing also delivers a trout pond, a pool with a spa, an open pond-front cabana with reclaimed wood accents and stainless-steel appliances and quarters for guests or staff members. “You’re talking about a massive property.” Listing images show a main house with a dining area under beamed ceilings and next to a trio of floor-to-ceiling windows. That stands next to a roomy kitchen — and there’s also a den with a stone-walled fireplace, also under wood-beamed ceilings. In sum, the listing has eight bedrooms, eight bathrooms and two powder rooms. The listing has even made appearances on Pires’ social media channels, such as on his YouTube page, where he has 10,400 subscribers, and on TikTok — where he has just less than 9,000 followers. One recent clip shows him using the bowling alley and the golf simulator. “It’s really like a resort,” he said of the offering.