Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton suggested support for the Supreme Court re-examining precedents allowing gay marriage and the free use of contraceptives after the end of Roe v. Wade — even hinting he’d go to bat for an overturned Lone Star State law ​banning same-sex intercourse. “Look, my job is to defend state law and I’ll continue to do that,” Paxton said during an interview with NewsNation. Paxton’s speculation stemmed from a concurring opinion by Justice Clarence Thomas in the case of Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization that questioned several of the court’s past rulings made on the grounds of “substantive due process.” “In future cases, we should reconsider all of this Court’s substantive due process precedents, including Griswold, Lawrence, and Obergefell,” Thomas wrote. The Supreme Court’s 1965 ruling in Griswold v. Connecticut allowed married couples to access birth control. In 2003, in Lawrence v. Texas, the court forbade states from outlawing consensual gay sex, and in 2015, Obergefell v. Hodges established a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. Paxton was asked in the interview that aired Friday if he would be willing to defend a law counter to any of the precedents Thomas mentioned. “Yes. I mean there’s all kinds of issues here, but certainly the Supreme Court has stepped into issues that I don’t think there’s any constitutional provision dealing with,” Paxton responded. “They were legislative issues and this is one of those issues and there may be more. So it would depend on the issue and depend​ on what state law had said at the time.” Host Leland Vittert ​then ​asked Paxton if he would defend a Lawrence-like law outlawing sodomy if such a measure was passed by the Texas legislature. “That is my job under the Constitution and I’m certainly willing and able to do that​,” Paxton said. Pressed further, Paxton said, “I’d have to take a look at it.” “​This is all new territory for us so I’d have to ​see ​how the Legislature was laid out and whether we thought we could defend it,” he added. “Ultimately, if it’s constitutional, we’re going to go defend it.”