Johnny Depp is singing his good news. Depp, who turned 59 Thursday, and Jeff Beck, 77, announced the upcoming release of a new album. The 13-track record, titled “18,” contains covers of bands from the Beach Boys to the Velvet Underground, along with two tracks composed by Depp himself. It will be available July 15. Depp and Beck released a music video for one of their singles, titled “This Is a Song for Miss Hedy Lamarr,” on Thursday along with the announcement. The song is one of Depp’s original compositions and is attributed as the catalyst for this collaborative album. The title references the late Hollywood actress Hedy Lamarr, who sued Warner Bros. studio for $10 million in 1974 when Mel Brooks named a character Hedley Lamarr in his comedy “Blazing Saddles.” The case was eventually settled out of court in her favor for an undisclosed sum. “It’s an extraordinary honor to play and write music with Jeff, one of the true greats and someone I am now privileged enough to call my brother,” Depp said in a release. Depp and Beck met in 2016 and decided to work together on an album in 2019. The two have been putting “18” together for three years and are currently on tour in the UK. The actor even missed the court verdict in his highly publicized trial with his ex-wife Amber Heard, as he was flying across the pond to join Beck onstage. Beck teased the album while performing with Depp days before the announcement was officially released. “I met this guy five years ago and we’ve never stopped laughing since,” Beck told the crowd, according to the BBC. “We actually made an album. I don’t know how it happened. It will be out in July.” The two will continue touring until July 25, when they’ll play Paris. News of Depp’s latest project comes on the actor’s birthday, June 9, and a week after the actor won his defamation suit against Heard. Depp sued his ex-wife for libel in Virginia after she wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post in 2018, in which she referred to herself as a “public figure representing domestic abuse.” The panel of jurors ultimately sided with Depp, agreeing with his claim that Heard, 36, sullied his reputation and damaged his career with her op-ed. Heard plans to appeal the verdict, a source familiar with her legal strategy told The Post. But Depp appears to be moving on with a growing list of upcoming projects.