A man with at least 40 prior arrests and a history of menacing transit workers was released by a Bronx judge Tuesday night after he allegedly threatened to kill two MTA employees earlier the same day, The Post has learned. Leonard Bethune, 46, was walking on the D train tracks at the Bronx’s Kingsbridge Road station around 1 a.m. when the two MTA cleaners urged him to get off track, according to a representative for their union. “I will kill you,” Bethune allegedly snarled as he pulled out the weapon. The man then threatened them with a boxcutter, labor and law-enforcement sources said. Bethune was arraigned Thursday night on charges of menacing, criminal possession of a weapon, and harassment. Bronx Criminal Court Judge Christopher Chen granted him supervised release per prosecutors’ request. Bethune has about 40 prior arrests for menacing, burglary and petit larceny and past history of mental illness, according to law-enforcement sources and cops. Chen asked for a higher level of supervision given the defendant’s warrant history. He ordered that he check in at the courthouse on Tuesday to be placed with The Fortune Society, a nonprofit that promotes alternatives to incarceration. After his court hearing, Bethune told a Post reporter he went onto the tracks to grab a cigarette when the MTA workers “started cursing me out.” The 46-year-old was sleeping on a bench inside Bronx Criminal Court and broke down when asked if he had a place to go. He shook his head. “I’m going to be here until someone kicks me out,” he said, adding it was the safest place for him right now. “I’m going to stay close to here, otherwise I’ll miss my appointment. I’m scared the streets ain’t safe.” Bethune is also facing charges in Long Island for getting into an altercation with another transit worker. Bethune currently has an open menacing case in Nassau County, LI, for allegedly threatening an LIRR worker at the Garden City train station on Feb. 26, court records obtained by The Post show. While onboard a train there, Bethune allegedly whipped out a boxcutter and told a worker, “I will slice you” after the two got into an argument, the records state. He later allegedly admitted to an MTA cop that he took the boxcutter out of his pocket. Bethune was given a desk-appearance ticket for the incident and will be arraigned June 30 in that case, the Nassau County District Attorney’s Office said. Additional reporting by Desheania Andrews, Craig McCarthy and David Meyer