TAMPA, Fla. — Gerard Gallant is unhappy with the Lightning’s treatment of goaltender Igor Shesterkin. And the Rangers coach plans to have a conversation with the league about it. “I don’t like it,” Gallant said. “I don’t think it’s a big part of it and hopefully when we talk to the supervisor tomorrow, they’ll take care of some of that, because it wasn’t right.” The supervisor to whom Gallant was referring is Kay Whitmore, assigned by the league to oversee the series. Whitmore, a former NHL goaltender, is now the goaltending supervisor for the NHL. The Lightning seemed to make it a point of emphasis to get in Shesterkin’s face in an attempt to throw him off his game, starting several scrums around the Rangers’ crease. At one point, Corey Perry took a slashing penalty after referees deemed he had gone too far with Shesterkin, leading to Mika Zibanejad’s opening goal at 7:37 of the second. Riley Nash also took a penalty for goaltender interference at 8:23 of the second, leading to Chris Kreider’s power-play goal. The Rangers’ lead wouldn’t last, though, as the Lightning came back for a 3-2 victory on Sunday afternoon, cutting New York’s lead in the conference final to 2-1. Lightning coach Jon Cooper said it wasn’t part of their plan to be physical with Shesterkin. “I don’t think they could have called it any tighter,” Cooper said. “There were three penalties on goalie interference [between both teams]. Is a part of this game being net front? Yes. Was that part of our game plan, to knock him over? No. That first penalty, we were on a four-on-three power play and we take ourselves off it. “Trust me, we’re not trying to hit the goalie. I think we were more angry than maybe the Rangers were at that point.” Intentional or not, it had little effect on Shesterkin, as the Russian continued his Herculean play, stopping 48 of 51 shots. All three Lightning goals came on one-timers when Shesterkin simply couldn’t do much. For much of the third period, he was keeping the game tied, as the Lightning mounted an onslaught. “I guess whenever there’s a really elite goalie playing that way, I think that’s kinda the mantra from the other team, is to try to get in his face,” Rangers forward Andrew Copp said. “Try and rattle him a little bit. But it seemed like Shesty handled that really well today. “I thought our team did as well. Just try to limit the confrontations in front of the net. Think they had a couple early and then we did a pretty good job of making them steer clear of the net. It’ll be a factor — a focus for us is winning the blue-paint battles.” Even Gallant admitted that he was more bothered by it than Shesterkin “It fazes me more than him,” Gallant said.