A mom of the rarest type of twins is going viral with her shocking whirlwind story three years after her boys were safely delivered. In a fast-paced TikTok that now has over 21.8 million views, Lex Ginger jumped on the “Put a finger down if you…” trend but launched into the story of her unique pregnancy, when she experienced debilitating morning sickness at seven weeks. She went to the doctor for a scan to check on her baby — a single baby that was previously confirmed a week prior. “They keep looking, and they keep looking, and they keep looking, and then they look at you and say, ‘You’re having twins.’ But they don’t say it in a happy way,” Ginger recalled about her 2019 pregnancy. “But you immediately tell them you aren’t having twins because last week you weren’t — they don’t multiply like that.” “And she says, ‘OK, well you see here? They did,'” she shared. The doctor showed Ginger that the two babies were very close together. That meant one of two things: either they were conjoined or they were monochorionic-monoamniotic twins. Mono mono, according to Columbia University, means that both twins share the same amniotic sac and the same placenta. These twins are always identical and can be conjoined. This is extremely rare, making up less than .1% of all pregnancies. “And I said, ‘OK, how many times have you seen this before?’ and she says, ‘I’ve never seen this in my entire career,’ and then she pulls out a medical book and blows dust off of it and reads me the two sentences of mono-mono twins, and it’s not looking good.” Ginger was told that there was a 50% survival rate for her mono-mono babies, saying in the TikTok that her doctor did not even expect her to make it past 24 weeks. She said the news was especially jarring because she had gone to the appointment alone, assuring her husband that he didn’t need to miss work for a “check-up.” She also forgot her phone, so she tried to contact him on her apparently malfunctioning Apple Watch. “And then you’re crying, your husband’s not there with you, and your Apple Watch isn’t working and you’re freaked out about these twins that all of a sudden multiplied on you, and they’re in the same yolk sack and stuff, and they’re in the same little party and stuff and they’re hugging and stuff and you’re freaking out,” Ginger said, finally putting a finger down. However, the story has a happy ending. Ginger gave birth to Max and Miles on May 16, 2019 — at exactly 8:35 a.m., she revealed in another post. Her TikTok page focuses on the boys’ unique story and answers the internet’s questions on her identical, possibly “mirror image” twins.