You have Robert Pattinson to thank for linking up director David Cronenberg with his latest muse, Kristen Stewart. Stewart, 32, is starring in Cronenberg’s newest horror film “Crimes of the Future” — but he may bring the actors together once again. Cronenberg, 79, recently confessed in an interview with World of Reel that it was indeed Stewart’s “Twilight” co-star who first introduced them. Pattinson, 36, starred in two of Cronenberg’s movies — the 2012 thriller “Cosmopolis” and 2014’s “Maps to the Stars.” “It was Robert who actually introduced me to Kristen. They have developed beautifully, separately, as actors,” the Canadian filmmaker said. “Making arthouse movies and successfully carrying that off. Kristen and I had a great time and Rob and I had a great time.” That “great time” might even continue, Cronenberg said, if he can bring “Robsten” together on screen again. “For me, yeah, I can definitely think of a movie, or idea, that would be great to have them both together,” he said. “I don’t want to get into it because it wouldn’t be my next movie, however, it might be problematic since fans might expect a certain kind of relationship and that would get in the way of creating new characters for them,” Cronenberg continued. “So, I have a strange feeling that might be problematic, so it’s only theoretical for now.” Pattinson and Stewart — affectionately known as “Robsten” in the late 2000s — starred together in the widely popular young adult vampire film series from 2008 until 2012. They even dated for a period back in 2009 during the release of “Twilight Saga: New Moon.” Following the conclusion of the biting, bloodthirsty franchise, both Pattinson and Stewart dipped their toes into the indie and arthouse sectors of Hollywood. The British actor has lent his talents to movies such as “The Lighthouse,” “Good Time” and “Bel Ami.” For Stewart, her recent offbeat film roles include “Camp X-Ray,” “Personal Shopper” and“Clouds of Sils Maria.” Cronenberg’s next project is “The Shrouds,” starring Vincent Cassel as a businessman who constructs a machine to connect with dead people inside a burial shroud. Filming begins in March. Stewart was recently hard at work during the Cannes Film Festival late last month promoting “Crimes of the Future.” The film also stars Léa Seydoux and Viggo Mortensen and is padded with many scenes of bloody and gory shots of child autopsies, body mutations and people orgasming while licking wounds. Many viewers reportedly exited the film screening during the French festival last week. Stewart recently responded to the criticism and walkouts, noting at its Cannes press conference: “Everyone loves to talk about how [writer-director Cronenberg’s] movies are difficult to watch, and it’s fun to talk about people walking out of Cannes screenings.” According to Insider, she also praised the “A Dangerous Method” director. “Every single gaping, weird bruise in his movies, it makes my mouth open. You wanna lean in toward it. And it never repulses me ever. The way I feel, it is through really visceral desire and that’s the only reason we’re alive. We’re pleasure sacks.”