It sure wasn’t progressive. Allstate and Progressive are severing ties with a Maine insurance company after it posted a “racist” sign on Juneteenth and triggered backlash on social media. The heinous saga was set in motion after the Harry E. Reed Insurance Agency posted an offensive placard on their door in which they bellyached about being shuttered on June 19, or Juneteenth, a federal holiday commemorating the end of slavery in the US. “Juneteenth. It’s whatever … We’re closed. Enjoy your fried chicken and collard greens,” the sordid sign read. Needless to say, the off-color gag sparked ire on Twitter, with one poster, @C1976George, calling out Allstate and Progressive for collaborating with the insurance firm. “Is that an @Allstate logo on the bottom right?” the incredulous user fumed. “Bet they also do @progressive. Is this the type of hatred you want posted right next to your company logo?” Needless to say, the message didn’t jibe with the companies’ “codes of conduct,” as both agencies have reportedly since killed their partnerships with Harry E. Reed, according to WGME. “We are terminating our contract with this independent agent,” Allstate wrote on its official Twitter account. “Our commitment to Inclusive Diversity and Equity is non-negotiable and we take action when individuals violate our code of conduct.” Meanwhile, Progressive spokesperson Jeff Sibel emailed a statement to NPR: “At Progressive, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) are fundamental to our Core Values. We’re committed to creating an environment where our people feel welcomed, valued and respected and expect that anyone representing Progressive to take part in this commitment.” The rep added, “The sign is in direct violation of that commitment and doesn’t align with our company’s Core Values and Code of Conduct.” The person who allegedly posted the sign has reportedly since apologized on Facebook, according to WGME. “I am so sorry for any pain I have caused and the negative attention it has brought to our beautiful community,” they wrote. In a similar Juneteenth fiasco last year, Ikea came under fire for attempting to honor African Americans‘ “perseverance” with a “special” menu that included fried chicken, watermelon, mac ’n’ cheese, potato salad, collard greens and candied yams.