Hundreds of angry protesters gathered outside the US Supreme Court building Friday to denounce the historic overturning of Roe v. Wade — as police departments across the country girded for mass unrest after the bitterly contentious ruling. Additional cops — many in riot gear — were brought in to protect the barricaded federal building and keep any mayhem at bay, a scene that played out at burgeoning protests in all major US cities. A throng of protestors chanted “F–k Clarence Thomas!” outside the Supreme Court site Friday afternoon to voice their displeasure with the conservative jurist’s vocal support of Roe v. Wade’s dissolution. Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez joined the crowd around noon and used a bullhorn to call for action against the “illegitimate” decision. She urged those gathered to march “into the streets” to resist the ruling. California Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters yelled at the DC protest, “To hell with the Supreme Court, we will defy them!” The mass of pro-choice backers quickly began to swell behind the nation’s top court after its ruling came down, with many of them shedding tears and screaming their opposition. Pro-choice protests were countered by jubilant backers of the reversal, with some popping champagne bottles and wearing t-shirts emblazoned with “the pro-life generation.” Several shouting matches erupted between the two sides, but no major clashes were reported as of early Friday evening. US Capitol Police called reinforcements to the scene and said they plan to work with other law-enforcement agencies to brace for a potentially ferocious backlash. Chants of “My body, my choice!” and “We won’t go back!” rang out as the sign-waving crowd continued to grow throughout the day. Some DC building owners opted to board up their windows in anticipation of chaos, including the National Press Club just blocks from the Supreme Court complex. Fliers calling for resistance from Philadelphia to Cincinnati, Ohio, were widely circulated online after the ruling. “Be prepared to defend bodily autonomy,” read one call to action in Des Moines, Iowa, Friday evening. “Mask up, bloc up,” read another announcement for a gathering in San Diego, Calif. Protests were rapidly organized in every major city in the nation, as well as in some smaller metropolitan areas including Boise, Idaho, and Morgantown, W.Va. Police departments in dozens of cities issued warnings against violence or vandalism over Twitter and Facebook while reminding residents that they had the right to protest peacefully. Officials in Dallas boarded up its federal building with multiple protests planned in the Texas city Friday evening. Austin Police Chief Joseph Chacon issued a statement urging calm Friday afternoon, encouraging protestors to remain peaceful. Outraged by the decision, militant pro-abortion groups like Jane’s Revenge and others have urged sympathizers to unleash a “Summer of Rage” across the country. “Now the leash is off,” the group said in a June 14 communique in anticipation of the court’s action. “And we will make it as hard as possible for your campaign of oppression to continue. We have demonstrated in the past month how easy and fun it is to attack.” Pro-life pregnancy centers have been targeted for violence and vandalism in the wake of a leaked draft decision of the Roe reversal in May. “From here forward, any anti-choice group who closes their doors, and stops operating will no longer be a target,” the communique warned. “But until you do, it’s open season, and we know where your operations are. The infrastructure of the enslavers will not survive. We will never stop, back down, slow down, or retreat.” “If abortions aren’t safe, neither are you” has been a recurring phrase scrawled at the sites, with the first instance at a Wisconsin pro-life pregnancy center in early May. Other abortion supporters gathered outside the homes of Supreme Court justices after the draft leak. “We did not want this; but it is upon us, and so we must deal with it proportionally,” the communique cautioned. Republican Congressman Kevin McCarthy called on President Biden to protect potential targets from attacks. “President Biden has a Constitutional duty to keep Americans safe—he must direct the Justice Department to deter and prevent violence against Supreme Court Justices, churches, and pro-life pregnancy centers,” he wrote in Twitter. “Now. Before it’s too late.”