TORONTO — It might be time to start figuring out the Yankees’ magic number. The Yankees used four homers and an eight-run fifth inning — highlighted by a grand slam from Anthony Rizzo — to win their eighth straight game, this one a 12-3 rout of the Blue Jays on Friday night in front of a near-sellout crowd of 44,688 at Rogers Centre. With the win — also their 15th in their past 16 games — the Yankees improved to an MLB-best 48-16 and opened up an 11-game lead on second-place Toronto. They followed up a sweep of the Rays with a convincing victory against the team many considered the favorites in the AL East before the season began. The Rays also lost their fourth in a row on Friday, sliding 13 games behind the Yankees, leaving manager Aaron Boone’s team seemingly poised to run away with the division. “I know what it is, so I guess I do look at it,’’ Boone said of the team’s lead in the division. “But you don’t want to get too caught up in it in the middle of June. You just want to keep stacking up as many victories as you can.” Before the game, Boone said of his team’s place in the standings, “We also understand, as a team and a group, we ain’t done nothing yet.” That won’t change until October, but in the meantime, the Yankees are tossing aside all challengers. It continued on Friday, as they opened a six-game road trip with another convincing victory behind six strong innings from Jordan Montgomery. “We’re playing with a short memory,’’ the left-hander said. “We win and show up the next day ready to give it everything we’ve got, almost like we’re losing every day, we’re so hungry.” The Yankees stranded four runners in the first three innings, while the Blue Jays got to Montgomery for a run in the second. Gleyber Torres helped the Yankees tie the game in the fourth after DJ LeMahieu opened the inning with his second opposite field hit of the night. Torres belted a double to the gap in left-center to make it 1-1. After Joey Gallo walked, Isiah Kiner-Falefa’s fly ball to right sent Torres to third and Torres scored on Kyle Higashioka’s groundout to Toronto starter Ross Stripling to put the Yankees up, 2-1. Montgomery cruised after allowing the run-scoring single to Gabriel Moreno, retiring eight straight. And the Yankees broke it open in the fifth, when the first six batters of the inning reached and scored. Rizzo was hit by a pitch by Trent Thornton to start the inning. Giancarlo Stanton followed by hitting a home run to right, his 14th of the season, giving the Yankees a 4-1 lead. LeMahieu then drilled his sixth homer of the season. Torres and Gallo doubled to right to give the Yankees a 6-1 lead and after Kiner-Falefa singled and Judge was walked intentionally, Rizzo put the finishing touches on the inning with a grand slam. It was the Yankees’ most prolific inning since they scored nine runs in the seventh inning against the Red Sox on June 30, 2019 at Fenway Park. Montgomery enjoyed the support. “You just want to get out there and get back [in the dugout] as fast as you can, so they can keep hitting,’’ Montgomery said. Gallo added a two-run homer in the ninth, with the Yankees now leading the majors with 105 on the season. It marked the fifth time in their past 13 games the Yankees have reached double figures in runs. They also improved to 23-10 in the AL East and have won 18 of their last 23 games against divisional opponents. “People always say the AL East is tough,’’ Montgomery said. “There are a lot of good teams in it. … We have a lot of talented guys and we’re playing really good baseball right now. We’re trying to stay hot.”