Police in South Florida are investigating anti-Semitic flyers showing the faces of Disney executives branded with Stars of David that were sent to residents’ homes earlier this week. Residents of Coral Gables and Miami reported on Tuesday that they had discovered plastic bags filled with kernels of corn and pictures of Disney brass on the front lawns of their homes. The flyers included the headshots of six executives with The Walt Disney Co., including CEO Bob Chapek. Each of the executives is identified as Jewish. A blue Star of David is superimposed on the foreheads of the photographed individuals. “Every single aspect of Disney’s child grooming is Jewish,” the pamphlets said. “Protect your children.” The flyers were received by dozens of residents, most of them in Coral Gables. Similar anti-Semitic missives were found about other topics. One of them reportedly had pictures of lawmakers with Stars of David drawn on their foreheads. The message read: “Every single aspect of mass immigration is Jewish.” Another was about gun control. “It’s sick and sad to say this is the situation we’re in, but I was initially glad everyone got it,” Daniela Torrealba, a supervisor in Miami-Dade County’s public defender’s office, told the Miami Herald. Torrealba said she and her husband found the gun control flyer on her lawn in Coral Gables. She said she put on gloves and put the plastic bag in another bag before bringing it inside her home. Soon afterward, she alerted police. “I was initially worried that we were targeted,” she said. Coral Gables police said the flyers were left on lawns in the early hours of Tuesday. Investigators are combing through video footage caught by Ring surveillance cameras in hopes of finding leads. Earlier this year, a hate group known as the “Goyim Defense League” allegedly distributed thousands of anti-Semitic flyers in at least six states claiming that COVID lockdown measures were a Jewish conspiracy. “Every single aspect of the COVID agenda is Jewish,” read the pamphlet, which goes on to list more than a dozen Biden administration members and senior business leaders who were supposedly Jewish. Disney has been at the center of a controversy about the so-called practice of “grooming.” The company opposed a law, dubbed by critics the “Don’t Say Gay” statute, signed by Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis which banned the teaching of sexual and gender identity to children before fourth grade. Disney has also been accused of pushing a “secret gay agenda” by introducing same-sex characters in its children’s movies and shows.