The Japanese beauty brand, Tatcha, is beloved by skincare gurus everywhere. From celebrities such as Selena Gomez and Kim Kardashian to ordinary folk shopping at their local Sephoras, Tatcha has become a force to be reckoned with since its founding in 2009. Now, shoppers far and wide have the chance to snag the entire Tatcha website for 20% off using code FF2022 exclusively on Tatcha.com. We owe this unmatched discount to Tatcha’s Friends & Family sale, where there are no exclusions. Zero. Zilch. Nada. This sale only comes around once a year and will end on June 27. So if you’re looking to stock up on your favorite discounted moisturizers, cleansers, exfoliators and more, we’d do so before time is up or stock runs out. As fellow Tatcha lovers ourselves, we had to do some discounted shopping too. Below, find everything we are adding to our carts before they sell out. This Tatcha water cream is recommended for oily and combination skin types and aids in healthy aging while helping to minimize the look of pores. The formula deposits potent Japanese botanicals onto the skin, such as wild rose, which has been shown to help smooth the skin, and leopard lily, which helps control excess oil. Not to be forgotten, this cream also delivers anti-aging superfoods such as green tea, rice, algae and a touch of 23-karat gold. Another fan-favorite Tatcha product is this dewy skin cream. Individuals with normal, dry and mature skin will love this formula, as it offers rich moisture and plumping hydration. Dewy skin cream lovers can also enjoy a formula crafted with purple rice, Okinawa algae and hyaluronic acid. All skin types, rejoice, as this Tatcha protective primer is the perfect fit for everyone. It fights uneven texture and fine lines, blurring the look of pores, priming your skin for makeup and protecting your gorgeous canvas from harsh pollutants. If you love what the compact primer offers but don’t want it in a creamy formula, then we have some good news. The Tatcha Silk Canvas primer also comes in a liquid version that offers the same great benefits. Simply apply one pump to your fingers and smooth over the face. We have never been so excited about a product going on sale. This Tatcha Serum Stick glides over or under makeup to add instant hydration and a subtle glow. It’s perfect for refreshing your beauty look throughout the day, making this product stand out from the pack. Specifically designed for those with dry skin, this dewy skin mist adds an instant burst of hydration to the face. Simply spritz it on and enjoy a complex of Okinawa red algae and hyaluronic acid. Best of all, this hydrating concoction fights signs of premature aging. Pucker up! The Tatcha restorative lip mask is a leave-on jelly treatment packed with squalane and Japanese peach. Together, they lock in moisture and restore the look of plump, full lips. No one likes dry skin stripped of all its moisture. Instead, we aim for a supple complexion that’s soft to the touch. If you’re in the same boat as us, opt for the Tatcha Soft Cream Cleanser. It’s gentle on the skin, effective and washes away any buildup. Perhaps you need something with a bit more power than the above. Or maybe, you just love a two-step cleansing routine. Tatcha’s Deep Cleanse may become your new best friend if that’s the case. It exfoliates the skin using luffa fruit, and wild rose to lift away dirt, minimize excess oil and unclog pores. What’s left will be dreamy, luminous skin. In a world that’s always on the go, a three-in-one serum is precisely what we need. Made for all skin types, the Tatcha Dewy Serum includes ingredients such as Hadasei-3 lactic acid, hyaluronic acid and squalane to resurface, plump and lock in moisture. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.