At least a few rival MLB club owners are annoyed at the Athletics for conducting a major fire sale to enhance their bottom line soon after being added as a new revenue-sharing recipient in a vote by owners. “The idea of revenue sharing is not to make money, it’s to field a competitive team,” one rival owner complained Thursday during the owners’ meetings at MLB headquarters in Midtown. “That money is supposed to go toward player salaries. [The A’s] took the money and put it in their pocket.” Yet another owner, also upset that the A’s didn’t use the money to buy new players, but instead did the opposite and sold three major stars and drastically cut their payroll, referred to the franchise generally as “a mess.” While Oakland is only receiving about $9 million via revenue sharing for 2022 before it bumps up to $20 million next year, and their agreement stipulates that the monies will go away entirely in 2024 if they’re unable to reach a new stadium deal, at least some owners are almost as upset with the A’s as their fans appear to be. The newly stripped-down A’s are drawing fewer than 3,000 fans some games. MLB people point out the A’s have spent considerable sums on the Howard Terminal and other projects to try to land a new home in Oakland, and that even with the monies they now receive from the league (plus the loot saved from the multiple star players they traded), they are still losing money. They also stress the temporary nature of the deal, originally approved by a three-quarters vote of owners to override the rule disallowing major-market clubs from being recipients, as a way to tide them over while they are in stadium “limbo.” Commissioner Rob Manfred suggested there has been progress on the stadium front. “There really is significant activity in Oakland,” Manfred said of the issue that has dragged on for a decade and a half. Some owners are unconvinced it will ever get done there because both the NFL’s Raiders and NBA’s Warriors left Oakland. “The A’s just need to move out of Oakland,” a third owner said. The stadium issue doesn’t necessarily assuage some owners, who say it isn’t their responsibility to subsidize struggling teams. The money that went to Oakland actually comes out of funds that were to go to qualifying clubs, many that do things right, that spend on players and try to win despite low revenues. The A’s this winter staged an all-time sell-off, turning a competitive team into a noncompetitive one, trading first baseman Matt Olson, third baseman Matt Chapman and pitcher Sean Manaea. There’s some expectation more A’s veterans, possibly including pitcher Frankie Montas and outfielder Ramon Laureano, may be dealt by the trade deadline, further gutting a 21-43 team that was 10 games over .500 in 2021 and made the playoffs the three seasons previous to that. Oakland’s baseball operations staff has been famously successful working on a shoestring, but it will be difficult to even tread water with a payroll that’s now $64.7 million (CBT number), down 37 percent from $102.2 million last year and 29th among 30 teams. The A’s ownership has come under fire before, including for supplying substandard meals to minor league players. Team president Dave Kaval did not respond to a message.