The teenager who was beaten to death during a brawl outside an Ohio high school earlier this month suffered a broken skull bone in the brutal attack, a report said. An autopsy also found that there was a shoe print on the chest of Ethan Liming, who suffered the fatal beating in the parking lot of Akron’s I Promise School, founded by LeBron James, on June 2, The Akron Beacon Journal reported last week. Liming, 17, died of blunt force trauma, a medical examiner reportedly ruled. Deshawn Stafford Jr., 20, Tyler Stafford, 19, and Donovan Jones, 21, were arrested in connection with the homicide, which allegedly began after Liming and his three friends were playing with a high-tech water gun and shot the suspects as they played basketball. Liming was left dead after a three-on-four brawl ensued following the water gun attack, police said. Police found Liming lying on his back, bleeding from his head, nose, mouth and ears with a black eye, the paper said, citing preliminary medical examiner reports. An autopsy reportedly found that the teen’s occipital bone — which forms the base of the human skull and connects to the spinal cord — was broken. The occipital fracture was the only bone broken in Liming’s body, and it was unclear from the medical reports if he died from that trauma or his other injuries, according to the outlet. A defense lawyer for one of the suspects reportedly contended that Liming could have been knocked out by one punch and said an impact with the concrete could be to blame for his fractured skull. All three suspects have pleaded not guilty to felonious assault and murder and were being held on a $1 million bond. Lawyers for the accused killers said they thought they were being attacked by a “fully automatic firearm,” not the teen’s $68 “SplatRBall” gun, which shoots water beads that explode when they hit a target. The ambush may have been inspired by TikTok’s viral Orbeez Challenge, where teens film themselves using toy guns that shoot water gel beads at unsuspecting bystanders, the paper said. A final autopsy report was expected to take weeks, according to the paper.