A slice of old-world New York elegance has hit the market. On Manhattan’s Upper East Side, an extra-wide limestone townhouse with 17 rooms and opulent custom details asks $24.8 million for sale. “106 E. 71st St. checks many boxes today’s prime Lenox Hill townhouse buyers look for,” Erin Boisson Aries, who holds the listing with fellow Douglas Elliman agent Nic Bottero, told The Post of the palatial property via email. “It is breathtaking in scale and stunningly detailed, palatial at 10,379 square feet, with ceiling heights over 13’ high on the parlor floor, elevator service on all floors, and perfectly grand at the most sought after 25’ width on a 100’ deep lot.” The single-family townhouse was built in 1910 and recently underwent a “meticulous interior renovation,” according to the brokers. This included the addition of new custom plaster and wood moldings, white oak plank flooring, intricate ceiling millwork, built-ins, oversize mahogany-trimmed windows and the restoration of various original elements. There is a “regal” patina balcony, seven woodburning fireplaces and a sweeping spiral staircase made of marble. All six floors are accessible via an Otis elevator. The home is capped with a roof garden looking to views of Park Avenue and Central Park. There’s also a seventh floor terrace accessible by French doors — and a generous, lantern-equipped deck looking out over the backyard. There are 10 bathrooms in all — eight full, two half — and seven bedrooms, with the primary suite spanning the entire fourth floor. This boasts a “multitude of extra closets” in addition to a “massive” walk-in one, a primary dressing room (or study) and two master baths. The other bedrooms are located up and down one level, with two on each the third and fifth floors. The all-white chef’s kitchen and open breakfast room share the first-floor with a home office and storage space, while the second floor is dedicated to the splendor of a formal entertaining area. On the garden level is the gym, the laundry, the mechanical rooms and the staff quarters. On the the top floor, there’s also a wet bar and media room.