Fresh off the roughly $70 million sale of the two remaining parcels of his East Hampton estate, fashion designer and artist Helmut Lang has bought a new East End property — from 88-year-old heiress and socialite Christophe de Menil, Gimme Shelter can reveal. De Menil, who was briefly married to Uma Thurman’s father Robert in 1960, when she was 27 and he was 19, has been the subject of a lawsuit filed last fall by Alina Morini, a former at-home caregiver. The lawsuit partly alleges that de Menil’s daughter Taya — the mother of the late artist Dash Snow and the half sister of Uma Thurman — has imprisoned de Menil in her East 81st Street townhouse, as the Post first reported. Lang’s newly acquired 2,500-square-foot property comes with four bedrooms, three full bathrooms, a powder room — and sits on 1.84 acres. It stands surrounded by 700 acres of state-owned land that are popular with birders and hikers. Some of the hiking trails date to the 1700s, and run through forests, wetlands and bluffs. The property “is heaven,” said Mary Ellen McGuire, a Brown Harris Stevens broker who repped the buyer and seller. “It’s the most wonderful, magical, beautiful piece of property,” adding that it comes with a stairway that leads to the beach, and it is so elevated that it is not part of any flood zone. The secluded waterfront estate, known as Barcelona Point, was asking $8.6 million, but it sold for $10.2 million — nearly $2 million over ask. The property is accessed by a 2-mile drive on a road maintained by the East Hampton Trustees. According to local lore, the estate’s name reportedly comes from sailors who said the 80-foot bluffs reminded them of Barcelona.  As for his now-former property, Lang sold one of the Tyson Lane parcels in East Hampton to Hess CEO John Hess and another to billionaire financier Howard Marks, co-chairman of Oaktree Capital Management, bought 1.6 acres for $40 million, according to the WSJ. Lang first put the entire property on the market as a $100 million whisper listing in 2019, Gimme reported exclusively. When that didn’t work, Lang divided the property into three parcels and put two on the market for $65 million. The recent deal gives Lang the option to remain on the property for two years, according to reports. ___ We hear…that biodiesel and pot entrepreneur, venture capitalist and philanthropist Samuel P. “Pat” Black, III is auctioning two timeshares at the St Regis in Midtown. Each has a starting bid of $185,000 and each has annual carry costs of approximately $22,000. Both timeshares feature two bedrooms and three bathrooms, along with perks like twice daily maid service. They are available for 28 days of use per year — including one designated/fixed week –,plus 21 floating days that can be booked like a hotel. The auction will be held by Misha Haghani’s Paramount Realty USA on July 12hth.