The Issue: Ex-Clinton campaign lawyer Michael Sussman being found not guilty of lying to the FBI. The Michael Sussmann verdict is as clear a case of “jury nullification” as when O.J. Simpson was deemed to be not guilty by a jury of his peers (“Clinton lawyer beats rap,” June 1). The peers in this case apparently decided to completely ignore compelling evidence and let someone with whom they agree politically get away with his crime. It’s important to remember that this guy should have been convicted, just as O.J. should have been. We need to get rid of this corrupt regime, which has its tentacles in every branch of our government, including the justice system — which has most certainly not meted out justice in this case. Sharon Wylie Westport, Conn. Despite overwhelming evidence against him for lying to the once-respected FBI, Sussmann walks free after an “impartial” DC jury deliberated for less than two days. Trump administration officials were forced to resign for less. We can now confirm we have a two-tier justice system, and that the Justice Department and most politicians are a joke. Joe Alloy Wayne, NJ What a surprise: The trial of Hillary Clinton’s attorney Michael Sussmann, charged with lying to the FBI about his connection to the Clinton presidential campaign when he handed over documents that supposedly connected former President Donald Trump with Russian Alfa Bank, has ended, and Sussmann is innocent. Sussmann said he was “not working on behalf of any client,” when, in fact, he was involved in a joint venture to gather and disseminate derogatory Internet data against Trump. Federal Judge Christopher Cooper had already ruled some evidence that Durham would have presented to the jury as inadmissible. The jury had three Clinton donors, and one juror who said they “strive for impartiality.” Judge Cooper is an Obama appointee, and the trial was in DC, so you know the fix was in. Hillary skates again. Walter Goldeski East Brunswick, NJ I thought the purpose of a trial was to find out the truth and act accordingly. Some jurors (probably all) decided lying to the FBI was no big deal. Is it justice that Sussmann was found not guilty of lying and aiding Hillary Clinton’s campaign against Trump by falsely accusing him of colluding with Russia and bringing these accusations to the FBI? That the FBI acted on this garbage is criminal. It cost Americans millions of dollars to find out this was a giant hoax perpetrated by the Clinton campaign with Hillary at the top of it. This has eroded all trust in the FBI and Justice Department. Thank God there are some very good people in all these agencies, who haven’t been corrupted by the assumption from those in high government positions that they know best what is good for the little people who can’t judge for themselves. Joann Mirone Old Greenwich, Conn. Looks like another case of jury nullification, à la O.J. Simpson. The evidence against Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Michael Sussmann, was overwhelming — but the Washington, DC, jury was made up of Democrats and Democratic contributors and ignored the evidence, finding him not guilty. The even hand of justice was pushed aside for totally partisan purposes. Another black eye for our judicial system and a victory for the deep state that resides in DC. Shame on those who put symbolism over substance. Chuck Lehmann Delray Beach, Fla. With DC being 98% Democrat, no Clinton ally could be found guilty of littering. The Clinton crime family lives on. How is it that the biggest false scandal in history was brought forth by Hillary and her surrogates — and they are getting away with it? He lied, period. This is why no Democrat could ever unite this country. There are no rules for them. They get away with any lie they want. I am totally disgusted with this. John Nolty West Kill Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.