Actor Samuel L. Jackson took a race-based shot at US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas — and rocker Billie Joe Armstrong says he is renouncing his US citizenship — over the striking down of Roe v. Wade. Jackson called the conservative justice — who wrote a concurring opinion on overturning the landmark abortion decision — “Uncle Clarence” in reference to the compliant slave in “Uncle Tom’s Cabin,” the classic novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe. “How’s Uncle Clarence feeling about overturning Loving v. Virginia,” the actor tweeted. The landmark 1967 “Loving” ruling declared that state bans on interracial marriages were unconstitutional. Thomas, the court’s only black justice, is married to a white woman. In his concurring opinion Friday, the 74-year-old judge called for his colleagues to “reconsider” and potentially overturn other cases decided on the legal theory of “substantive due process” — including rulings that protect gay marriage and access to birth control. Substantive due process refers to the notion that people have fundamental rights that aren’t specifically established in the Constitution. “In future cases, we should reconsider all of this Court’s substantive due process precedents, including Griswold, Lawrence, and Obergefell,” Thomas wrote. The justice was referring to a 1965 ruling, Griswold v. Connecticut, that allows married couples to access birth control. He’s also referencing a 2003 ruling, Lawrence v. Texas, that forbids states from outlawing consensual gay sex, and Obergefell v. Hodges, a 2015 decision that established a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. Meanwhile Armstrong, the California-born frontman for award-winning rockers Green Day, told a London audience Saturday, “F–k America!” the Daily Mail reported. “I’m renouncing my citizenship,” he yelled at the crowd. “I’m f–king coming here! “There’s just too much f–king stupid in the world to go back to that miserable f–king excuse for a country,” he said. “Oh, I’m not kidding, you’re going to get a lot of me in the coming days.” The rant came just weeks after Green Day performed in front of a “F–k Ted Cruz” sign, a shot at conservative US Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. Other celebs, including Grammy winner Billie Eilish, spoke out about the SCOTUS ruling at the Glastonbury Festival over the weekend. “Today is a really dark day for women in the US,” she said. “I’m just gonna say that because I can’t bear to think about it any longer in this moment.” She then dedicated her song “Your Power” to the cause. Other bold-faced names, including singers Phoebe Bridgers and Olivia Rodrigo, shared similar sentiments. “So many women and so many girls are going to die because of this,” Rodrigo, 19, said. “I’m devastated and terrified.” The SCOTUS ruling last week to overturn the 49-year-old decision that protected abortion rights has sparked widespread protests throughout the nation. The reversal of Roe v. Wade leaves the decision of whether to allow abortions up to the states but removes federal protections that now allow some legislatures to ban it.