Whether you like to be as smooth as a baby’s behind or just be trimmed and tidy, hair removal can get a bit, well, hairy if you don’t have the right stuff. We’re talking razors, wax strips, at-home lasers and more, which all do the job of removing any unwanted body hair when used properly. While daunting for some, once you get the hang of it, at-home hair removal can be quick, painless and way less expensive than frequenting a salon every few weeks. Plus, being your own barber, so to speak, can be a lot less intimidating for those new to the waxing or laser game. See below for some of the best at-home hair removal products, including razors, hair removal creams, waxing kits and epilators that will have you summer-ready in a snap. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Wax poetic and then wax your legs with this kit from Bliss. The blue at-home wax kit can be used wherever you feel needs some hair removal, from legs and arms to underarms and bikini lines. The kit is just like the salon, but simpler, as all you need to do is microwave the blue cup and stir until wax is the correct consistency, spread onto hair with the included applicator and once dry enough, remove the wax with a quick tug against the direction of hair growth. Flaunt your legs and underarms with Flamingo. This the waxing kit is really all you need to prep for a hairless summer. The kit includes 20 face wax strips, 28 body wax strips, 24 pubic wax strips and 22 post-wax cloths and a soothing serum for cleaning up after. Bring the salon home to you with this high quality waxing set. The Lifestance set has everything you need to open your own little waxing parlor, including the wax warmer, four packages of wax beads, applicator sticks, gloves and more. Make sure to read the instructions for new waxers, but pros will love just how great this kit compares to their salon’s. Beginner waxers, never fear. Gigi is here. Grab the Gigi At Home Beginner set from Ulta Beauty and become a pro in no time, as this kit has it all. The set includes the professional-grade wax and wax warmer as well as cleansers, powder, strips, applicators and more to make your at-home experience as easy and pain-free as possible. Put your best face forward this season. These face and lip strips from Parissa make facial waxing super easy, as all you need to do is press them onto the location of your choosing and then remove quickly and firmly in the opposite direction of hair growth for the best result. The box includes 20 strips that should last up to six weeks per use, lasting you all summer long. Leave it to your new BFF Billie to take care of any unwanted hair. Billie razors offer a smooth shave with minimal irritation. For the easiest start, check out their starter kits that include a razor in the color of your choosing as well as an extra head with five blades and a magnetic holder and free shipping. With colors to match the tropical vibes, check out BIC Soleil razors, sold at Walmart for under $10. Get three razors per pack, all of which can be used on legs, underarms and any area where you want to wave goodbye to hair with a swipe of their aloe-lubricated blades. Get your bikinis on and hit the beach with confidence all year long. The Gillette Venus razor was specially designed for a woman’s pubic area, as that skin is far more delicate and sensitive than other areas on her body. It comes with a smaller head and a precision trimmer best suited for your swimsuit area and an “Irritation Defense Bar” to smooth skin and only take away the hair down there. Don’t furrow your brow at eyebrow maintenance until you’ve tried this. The Hollywood Browzer is a dermaplanning tool you need to try, now sold on Amazon. Not only does it shape brows, but use it to remove peach fuzz on your face as well, perfect to use before a facial or to exfoliate every once in a while. If wax and razors stress you out, turn to a cream with a name brand even your mom will stand behind. Veet is a tried and true hair removal cream, now sold in a sensitive skin solution. Simply cleans your skin, apply the cream and wait the designated five to 10 minutes and then wipe clean with the included spatula before hopping back in the shower to fully remove all the cream. Another brand women know and love is Nair, and for good reason. With so many different formulas to choose from, we recommend the sensitive formula fo your bikini line. It has green tea extract inside to soothe skin while the active ingredients remove hair during the time it sits on skin. Then simply remove the cream and cleanse the skin and say bye bye to razor burn and cuts for good. If you thought hair removal cream couldn’t get any easier, think again. Now, do everything you need to do without leaving your nice warm shower. The Shower Power formula of Nair gets the job done all at once. Simply apply the cream before stepping into the shower on dry legs, arms or bikini line. Wait while the cream works its magic and the shower heats up for the amount of time designated on the bottle, and then step into the shower to remove both the cream and your hair, in soft circular motions. Remove hair and soothe skin with this hair removal cream from Neomen. Sold on Amazon, the depilatory cream also has aloe in it, soothing your skin after gently removing the hair. It’s great for larger areas like the legs, and comes in a travel-sized tube perfect for vacations and packing for on-the-go. Be gentle on your face with the help of Sally Hansen. The tried and tested brand has a hair removal creme just for your face, making sure it isn’t too harsh for that sensitive area. It also comes with a moisturizing lotion for after — soothing skin and helping to eliminate redness or any reactions. If you’ve been dreaming of getting laser hair removal but the price of each session is a nightmare, it’s time to consider Kenzzi. The at-home IPL device is easy to use without any extra equipment or paying $100 for each session at a spa. The kit comes with the device itself, a charging cable and instructions for use at home and results can be seen in as little as three to four weeks with proper use. Laser away unwanted hair at home with this system from Braun. This device comes with the device itself, a precision head for harder to reach areas, a Venus razor for any trimming or cleanup and a travel case to fit it all. Plus, it is now on sale for $279 while supplies last. Feel flawless with this hand-held facial hair remover. From Finishing Touch, the Flawless device is super easy to use on stubborn facial hair, and causes a lot less irritation than a traditional razor. Once turned on, the technology microscopically removes hair and wont leave you with nicks, cuts or the razor burn you may be too familiar with from other hair removal methods. For smooth legs that last weeks on end, try an epilator from Philips’ beauty line of products. The pink and white device fits easily into your hand for a quick and pretty painless hair removal experience. The spinning hooks trap hair and removed them from the root, promoting thinner hair re-growth and a lot less quickly than before. For an all-in-one spa-like experience, turn to the team at Braun to get the job done. The three-piece epilator set can be used both wet and dry, great for those that shave in the shower and those that like epilating from their couch while watching a show. The set comes with the epilator itself, a shaver head and a facial cleansing device to exfoliate before epilating. Grooming is gender neutral in our book. While this trimmer may be designed for men, many women have been turning to men’s trimmers to get the job done with amazing results. This trimmer is great for a cut-free shave, that is also waterproof so you can use it in the shower. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.