Be it charcoal, gas or electric, every Fourth of July weekend needs a good old fashioned barbecue. If it’s your turn to host the cookout this year, why not go for it and invest in a new grill? Perfect for the big day or to prepare for Labor Day weekend, the best time to buy is right now while the summer is heating up and the sales are sizzling. For burgers, hot dogs, veggies and even an evening s’more, grills give off the best taste for summer snacking, with that smokey flavor you can’t get anywhere else. We know that you also may not have room for an industrial-sized grill either, which is why we have plenty of options on sale for the backyard, smaller patio and even indoor options and griddles to help you achieve those perfect grill lines without having to head outdoors at all. Read on for the best sales on grills and griddles and then hit up the butcher for the best Fourth of July cookout in 2022. Whether you’re shopping for a party or grilling solo, the Solo Stove Grill is one of the hottest right now. The ultimate bundle package is now on sale for the Fourth of July, and comes with the grill itself and a 13-inch stand, as well as grill tools, a shelter for outside, a carrying case and charcoal briquettes and starters to get things going ASAP. Weber is the name of the game when it comes to the grill. This propane gas grill is a must for any backyard, now on sale at The Home Depot for $100 off while supplies last. No yard? No problem with this tabletop pellet grill from Pit Boss. The smaller and more portable grill is sold at Walmart and now on sale for 20% off in honor of the Fourth of July holiday weekend. Expert grillers, take note. This larger, heavy duty grill is now on sale at Walmart, saving you money in time for the holiday. The grill comes with a 372-square inch main cooking surface, big enough for 20 burgers, plus another 200 square inch warming rack for the rest of your cookout spread. Save $50 on this bestselling grill when you shop for Fourth of July appliances at Lowe’s. The all-silver grill comes with a five-burner cooktop plus an additional side burner to keep food warm and ready to serve all night long. Don’t choose between natural gas or charcoal when your grill can handle both. This model from Nutrichef is sold at Wayfair as part of their Fourth of July savings event, now on sale for more than $100 off. This grill does a stand-up job. The Coleman RoadTrip is a great option for camping, those on the road or even those who simply don’t have the backyard space for a bulky grill. This one is now on sale on Amazon for a limited time only. Stick to the originals when it comes to grilling. This beloved Weber grill can be found on sale at Amazon, now with more than 10,000 reviews and an average 4.8 star-rating out of five. This grill isn’t just your average Joe. The Joe Jr. grill is a portable, egg-shaped grill that is perfect for smaller backyard barbecues and family meals in the summer. The grill is sold at Walmart and is now on sale for more than $200 off while supplies last. Get to the griddle this Fourth of July with The Home Depot. This propane gas grill can also do the work of a large griddle, with an extra side table for storage as well as a rack below and attached grease collection container. Have the best grill in the neighborhood with this Blackstone model. The outdoor griddle comes with a hood to trap all the smokey goodness in your food, which is also great for outdoor storage to protect the cooktop from the elements. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.