A flight attendant has revealed the five things you should never do as a passenger – and you’ve probably done at least one of them. Deanna Castro, who has been a flight attendant for 16 years, shared some of the biggest mistakes you have probably made. One of them starts as soon as you got in the plane, explaining one of the biggest ways to hold up a flight is to block the aisle. She explained: “When boarding, it’s polite to step into your row and allow other passengers to pass behind you. “It’s okay to take a few extra minutes to get ready, but please step into the aisle and wait for a lull in traffic.” Moving out of the way also extends to mid-flight when you are sitting in your seat – and don’t spread out into the aisle. Deanna added: “When you are dangling body parts into the aisle, flight attendants can trip and get hurt. “Not only that, but you could get hurt — especially from a cart. Seat space is getting smaller, but it’s still proper airplane etiquette to stay out of the aisle.” Another huge mistake passengers make is when to use headphones during a flight. She explained: “Sure, they are fantastic for entertainment when you are on the airplane — but take them out when speaking to the flight attendants. “Flight attendants have a lot of people to take care of and it’s polite to be ready when they get to your row.” Make sure you use then when listening to music or talking to someone, however. She added: “You wouldn’t want somebody next to you blasting something that you’re not interested in hearing. It’s not really fair to everyone else.” And finally? If you are sick during a flight, what you shouldn’t do is try and hand it to flight crew – as they don’t want the gross bag. She explained: “Place it under your seat. “We can give you an extra bag to wrap it up in, but please don’t push that hot steaming bag of vomit into a flight attendant’s hands.” A flight attendant has revealed how to get a better seat on a plane without having to pay for it. And one crew member explained how they talk about hot passengers without them finding out. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.