Luxury has landed in US custody. Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich’s reported $350 million Boeing 787 Dreamliner — one of the most expensive private jets in the world — and his smaller $60 million Gulfstream G650ER, were both seized under a US court order issued on Monday, The Post reported. Per current sanctions against Russia, the oligarch and former owner of Chelsea Football Club didn’t have the licenses required to fly his US-manufactured mansion in the sky to his home country in March, according to records, resulting in the swift seizure. Now, aviation insiders are saying that his custom Dreamliner is one of the most technologically equipped and fully loaded private jets in the world, with amenities like a dining room big enough to host a banquet, movie-theater-style viewing experiences and private bedrooms, bathrooms and walk-in closet space. Plus, it’s tricked out with safeguard measures — including room for an entire security detail — to rival those of Air Force One. “This aircraft is built to make your experience a lot better — from an amenity perspective, anything and everything you can think of can be done [on board],” Marc Sellouk, the founder and CEO of private jet charter and travel app Flewber, told The Post of the bespoke Boeing 787, which reportedly costs more than $200 million and flies for more than 18 hours. Abramovich made his fortune largely after purchasing an oil company from the Russian government in a 1995 auction believed to be rigged, according to a BBC investigation. He also amassed great wealth following the fall of the Soviet Union when he sold Russian state-owned assets, and, in addition to oil, purchased stakes in industries such as aviation and aluminum. His vast portfolio of luxury assets, which includes his private jets, a lavish St. Barts property and multiple megayachts, have collectively garnered the nickname “The Roman Empire” from The Wall Street Journal. Interior photos of the Dreamliner released by Boeing show that the model’s sprawling open-cabin concept can comfortably carry up to 50 passengers — 10 seats for security, 10 for on-board staff, and 30 for guests, as Forbes reported. And if Abramovich’s Dreamliner is anything like his former 767-33AER — nicknamed “The Bandit” — it would be outfitted with gold trimmings throughout the cabin and kitchen, plus a fierce anti-missile system. All Dreamliner private jets come with the option to include cinema-style, built-in flat-screen TVs and recessed lighting. “From flat screens that slide right out of the windows and side tables, it’s subjective from an owner’s perspective of what they might want to build in when they meet with manufacturers,” Sellouk said, of the limitless customization possibilities. “There’s stand-up showers, built-in bathtubs and gourmet chef’s kitchens.” The jet can also accommodate captain-style recliner chairs, a sitting area for business meetings along the windows, plus enough space to fit a full banquet-style dining room table. And those who want to get a little shut-eye can retire to a separate bedroom that appears to fit a king-sized bed and night stand. There’s also a massive bathroom with his-and-hers sinks, white marble countertops and a walk-in shower that could easily be mistaken for a Four Seasons spa. A walk-in closet is built into the bathroom. From a technical standpoint, the Boeing 787 has major flexes, too, like low-cabin altitude, the freshest air and dimmable windows that allow passengers to keep the window shades open for the duration of the flight without disturbing other guests. “There are no shades — you can actually hit a button and set the dimming feature on the window, so you can leave it open all flight and it won’t affect [the sun from hitting] anyone else,” Sellouk said, adding that the feature is particularly handy on a trans-Atlantic flight. Plus, these jets have less cabin pressure, Sellouk said, thanks to tech that keeps the aircraft at low cabin altitude throughout the flight, which helps with issues like ears popping. The advanced filtration system for fresh air in the cabin yields better air pressure and more humidity to help passengers experience less dryness and fatigue, according to Boeing’s website. So forget the jet lag. “You’re getting fresh air from the outside, which comes into two intakes, so you feel a lot less weary when you get to your destination,” Sellouk said.