Oh boy. A pregnant US mom redefined the term “cry baby” after controversially bemoaning the gender of her unborn child: a boy. A clip of the mother-to-be’s letdown, entitled “gender disappointment is real,” currently boasts nearly 250,000 views on TikTok. The inflammatory footage, uploaded last week by Nicole Shamlin, starts off typically enough with the expectant mother and her partner celebrating the sex of their child at a gender reveal party. Her beau discharges a blue confetti canon, signifying that their kid is a boy, and all appears to be hunky-dory. However, while the future parents seemed overjoyed at the time, in reality, Shamlin was apparently crestfallen that she wouldn’t be having a daughter, as she reportedly already has one son. The clip subsequently cuts to the mother-of-one crying in bed with the caption, “me later that night grieving the fact that I’m not getting my baby girl just yet.” “How can I love another boy?” the dismayed future mama, who is 28 weeks pregnant, wrote. “Will I be replacing my first son? How can I love two sons?” Needless to say, her over-the-“tot” reaction sparked a backlash from many mothers, many of whom thought Shamlin should be grateful to have a healthy child regardless of its gender. “This is sad. I went through years of IVF,” criticized one peanut gallery parent about Shamlin’s pity party. “I was just thankful to have one live child. Healthy is what you should care about not the sex.” Another wrote, “I’m sure there are plenty of mamas who would take that boy off your hands!! Also therapy works wonders!” However, others empathized with Shamlin, with one sympathetic parent writing, “Definitely understand the feeling. Going to have my 3rd boy in November, I was sad for a couple days but trusting in gods plan and we are so excited.” “You’re not alone, I was a sobbing mess for hours … I promise it’ll be okay,” said another mom-iserator. Fortunately, it appears that the prenatal dismay was only temporary as Shamlin claimed she has since grown to love having a second son. “I only felt that way for a day,” she gushed in the caption. “Now we are beyond excited and thankful.” In a hilarious case of “gender disappointment” in April, a grumpy grandma hilariously threw an on-camera tantrum after learning that her granddaughter was having a boy.