The heartbroken mom of a 13-year-old A-student who drowned along with a pal in Jamaica Bay demanded to know Sunday why his school waited hours to tell her he had cut class — well after he died. Samantha Singh — whose son Daniel Persaud drowned with friend Ryan Wong shortly before midday Friday while swimming in Queens — told The Post she wonders whether her boy’s death could have been averted had she been told earlier that he skipped school to go for a dip in the bay. “He attends MS 137, and I have to say, they did not call me to let me know he was not in class until hours later,” said Singh, 43. “They need to inform the parents right away, especially a middle school,” she said through tears. “We don’t receive a call until 7 p.m. So, if we could have received a call earlier, I have a track on his phone.” Singh said that when the school finally did alert her to her son being missing, it told her he’d been gone since a little before 10 a.m. “I have four kids,” she said. “In this day and age, you have to know where they are all the time. I thought he was in school. Just a couple of hours, I didn’t track him. At 10, 11 [a.m.], I need to know he’s not in school. “The school where my two oldest daughters went, Richmond Hill, they would have called if any of my daughters left school,” she said. “Right away! “The bus that took them [to the beach], the driver, why didn’t they notice little kids alone?” she added. Persaud and Ryan, also 13, were with a group of friends swimming in the bay near Beach 96th Street and Cross Bay Boulevard around 11:40 a.m. when the tragedy unfolded, according to police Cops said the two boys, both from Richmond Hill, were on a sandbar when it suddenly collapsed, trapping both under the turbulent waters. Firefighters and NYPD aviation and harbor-patrol crews scoured the waters and eventually found the teens, who were rushed to Jamaica Hospital and pronounced dead. In a moving Facebook post Saturday, Ryan’s mother, Gloria Wong, wrote that her boy “will forever live in our heart.” On Sunday, Ryan’s uncle recalled seeing the boy just days earlier. “A few days ago, he came right here and yelled my name, ran up and hugged me,” said the uncle, 29, who only gave his first name, Andre. “I asked his aunt to take our picture. I had no idea that was the last picture I’d ever have. “It’s so sad. He will never get the chance to grow up. Never learn to drive or get his license,” the uncle said. “It hurts. It hurts a lot. “I feel for the other family going through what we’re all going through,” he added. “And his friends who were with them. Imagine what they are feeling.” Singh said her son was a quiet and brilliant young man who even built his own computer. “He was [a] 94% average student,” she said. “He was always helpful and happy. “He was a good boy,” she added. “Always go to the pool, always go to the beach. But he can’t swim that well. But he loved the water. He always go to the beaches.” Singh and her distraught husband have three other children, the youngest a 9-year-old boy and the two older girls, 22 and 20, she said. She said her family is now planning Daniel’s wake for Tuesday at Bergen Funeral Home, with funeral services to follow Wednesday. “We just want to tell parents to keep track of their kids,” she said, sobbing. “Watch them. In the blink of an eye, this happened. “My son, he just think he’s going to have a fun morning,” she said. “The water just looked calm and nice to him.” Officials at the city Department of Education did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Post on Sunday.