Jet-setting media publisher Jason Binn was arrested Monday for allegedly grabbing a teen female relative’s buttocks after a swanky meal at a Manhattan restaurant on Valentine’s Day. The DuJour magazine chief and longtime Hamptons mainstay, 54, was hit with misdemeanor raps alleging forcible touching, endangering the welfare of a child and third-degree sex abuse at his arraignment Monday afternoon. Wearing a mask, Binn desperately tried to avoid having his picture taken in court and had to be directed to face the judge at one point — an angle that exposed him to photographers. Binn was released on his own recognizance and left hastily without comment. He is due back in court next month. According to a police report and law-enforcement sources, Binn allegedly squeezed the buttocks of the 16-year-old family member over her clothes without her consent after eating at the Italian hotspot Cipriani around 8 p.m. in February. The alleged victim went to police in late April to file a complaint, sources said. Binn allegedly “forcibly touched the sexual and other intimate parts of another person for the purpose of degrading and abusing such person, and for the purpose of gratifying the defendant’s sexual desire,” court papers state. The well-heeled defendant declined comment to The Post on Monday. His lawyer, Alan Sash, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But Binn’s divorce lawyer, Valentina Shaknes, said in a statement, “This is unfortunately the latest chapter in a long and bitter divorce proceeding. “We will not be commenting any further.” The publishing impresario founded Niche Media, an umbrella brand for a series of luxury lifestyle publications catering to elite enclaves in cities including Aspen and Los Angeles. Binn split with his ex-wife Haley in 2016, and divorce proceedings are still ongoing, sources said. The pair have two daughters and a son. Binn is routinely photographed with celebrities across the globe, including Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Chrissy Teigen.