It’s a wrap on getting expensive blowouts and buying various hair tools. Why? Because the coveted and hard-to-come-by Dyson Airwrap is back and better than ever, in a newly designed 2.0 version. The new Dyson Airwrap multi-styler hair tool hits shelves today, June 2, and may soon be out of stock if you don’t act fast, like the original Airwrap that has been sold out a number of times at almost every retailer we could find. This model is now live at Sephora, retailing for $600, only $50 more than the original. It comes in a beautiful color combination, with coppery-gold and silver. Like the original the device and attachments come in a stunning leather travel case that is too pretty to keep in your bathroom cabinet. On to the specs. The new Dyson Airwrap multi-styler uses Coanda airflow, which is a fancy term for the aerodynamic phenomenon where air creates a spinning vortex around the cylinder barrel of the tool, wrapping your hair into a perfect curl in the process. This creates the curls you know and love from the original Airwrap, but here is where things get even better. The new wand attachment that comes with this model can now spin in either direction, without the need to buy two separate attachments for either direction. This rotating tip can also be used on cool mode, to lessen any heat damage and lock in your curl. When it comes to blowdrying, there are improved brushes and attachments, too. The new dual-purpose Coanda smoothing dryer first dries hair without creating excess frizz, and then can be rotated into smoothing mode to finish the job — flyaway free. Lastly, for those with curly and/or textured hair, there is a new saving grace attachment for you. The wide-tooth comb attachment is designed with curls and coils in mind, adding shape, volume and length as it dries while taking care not to pull or tug at curl structure. “Most styling tools ignore that hair types are very different – what attachment may work for one, could be detrimental to another. The advancements in the Dyson Airwrap multi-styler build on the success of its predecessor, through relentless research, user trials and advancements in computational fluid dynamics,” explained James Dyson, founder and CEO of Dyson, in a press release. “The result: direction change barrels for faster and easier curling, reengineered brush attachments for more precise shaping, and an entirely new, dual-purpose Coanda smoothing dryer.” The best news is that if you already have a Dyson Airwrap of your own, you can still get these attachments, sold separately on the site. However, if you need a new one, the time to buy is right now while supplies last — and they won’t last long. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.