The von Trapp children are back together again after almost 60 years apart. The child stars who played the characters in the 1965 musical “The Sound of Music” reunited to honor friend and star Julie Andrews at the 48th AFI Life Achievement Award Gala Tribute on Thursday. Andrews, 86, appeared at the event in Los Angeles to receive her lifetime award. Nicholas Hammond, who played Friedrich in the musical, as well as Duane Chase (Kurt), Angela Cartwright (Brigitta), Debbie Turner (Marta) and Kym Karath (Gretl) all strolled the red carpet together at the Dolby Theatre to support Andrews (who portrayed Maria von Trapp). The group even belted out “Do-Re-Mi” and took photos with the “Princess Diaries” alum. The movie’s other stars, Charmian Carr and Heather Menzies-Urich, who portrayed Liesl and Louisa von Trapp in the movie, passed away in 2016 and 2017. Christopher Plummer — the legendary Captain von Trapp — died in February 2021 at the age of 91. Many of the iconic British actress’ old pals and co-stars such as “Princess Diaries” star Héctor Elizondo also appeared throughout the evening. Princess Mia Thermopolis herself, Anne Hathaway, sent in a lovely recorded message to pay tribute to Andrews. Her “Mary Poppins” co-star Dick Van Dyke also relayed a message via video. Other iconic stars who made appearances included Jane Seymour, Steve Carell, Fran Drescher, Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani. Andrews was presented with the prestigious award by comedian Carol Burnett. “This night reminds me with great clarity how many people are involved with making movies,” Andrews said in her acceptance speech. “What a huge collaborative effort it takes to bring film to the screen. My husband Blake [Edwards] never liked when people referred to filmmaking as the business or an industry. He insisted that film was an art form and should always be called that. And I know that is exactly the way the AFI feels also,” Andrews added. Cynthia Erivo performed a musical tribute to the “Victor/Victoria” actress — singing the song “Edelweiss” from “The Sound of Music.” Broadway alums like Ariana DeBose, Hugh Jackman, Kristin Chenoweth and Lin-Manuel Miranda also sent recorded messages to honor Andrews. Fans will be able to watch the AFI Life Achievement Award Tribute special on TNT June 16 at 10:00 p.m. EST.