Dolph Lundgren only has good things to say about working with “Aquaman” co-star Amber Heard. The “Never Back Down” actress, 36, is currently embroiled in an ongoing defamation trial with her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58, with the verdict set to be released Wednesday. Lundgren, 64, was asked by Redline Steel founder Colin Wayne about what it was like to work with Heard during an Instagram Live session on Monday. The Swedish actor portrays King Nereus in 2018’s “Aquaman” and the upcoming sequel hitting movie theaters in March, while Heard plays his daughter, Princess Mera. “She was great. I worked with her on the first ‘Aquaman,’ now the second one we shot last fall in London. She’s terrific,” Lundgren noted. “I had a great experience with her. She was very kind, nice to the crew, nice to everybody. Just down to earth.” The “Stepfather” star welcomed her baby daughter, Oonagh Paige, in April 2021 and the “Rocky IV” actor also discussed Heard as a mom. “She has a baby now, a newborn baby, so she had the baby with her on the set with a nanny, which is kinda cute,” he said. The former Limelight bouncer also gushed about the rest of the “Aquaman” cast and crew, exclaiming: “Everybody on that picture are great. Nicole Kidman is fantastic, Jason Momoa — they’re a bunch of really good people. And James Wan, the director, of course, is super talented and nicest guy ever.” Heard’s involvement in next year’s “Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom” has been a controversial, as an ongoing petition to get her removed from the film altogether has currently almost reached its goal number of signatures. The list has now reached 4.43 million as of Wednesday morning — with the original target set at 4.5 million names. The Texas native reportedly only has about 10 minutes of screen time in the Warner Bros.-backed film. She alleged in her testimony during the court case that the studio “didn’t want to include me” in “Aquaman 2,” despite taking ample time from her schedule to shoot. “I was given a script and then given new versions of the script that had taken away scenes that had action in it, that depicted my character and another character, without giving any spoilers away, two characters fighting with one another, and they basically took a bunch out of my role,” Heard said. “They just removed a bunch out.”