We’ve flipped through the magazines and seen the Instagram posts: clear heels are taking over everyone’s style by storm. Whether you’re on the market for the comfiest heels ever (who isn’t?) or want a pair similar to nude heels but with a bit more flair, clear heels are the move. What’s more, the best clear heels are the perfect way to not shed too much attention to your feet if you have a show-stopping midi dress or vibrant bodysuit. So, we dug through the endless catalog of clear heels on the market to list the 10 top picks we’re swooning over. From Amazon to DSW, we hit the mark for your next outing. Ahead, find every style imaginable – from block heels to wedges — and enjoy the endless ways to mix and match them. For inspiration, check out our guides to the best linen pants, evening-ready cocktail dresses and classic jeans for more. Vivianly’s Clear Pointed Heels are top-rated on Amazon — and for a good reason. The skinny heel paired with a chunky (yet clear) double-band design is elegant and perfect for a fancy date night or upcoming wedding. Plus, it looks great with the hottest paperbag shorts of the season. OK, we couldn’t pass up Steve Madden’s Macon Sandal. They’re a bit coastal, a bit feminine (thanks to the much-adored pearl detailing at the straps) and the perfect height to keep you comfortable all day long. We can’t believe they’re less than $100, either. Kick things up a notch with Wild Pair’s Zandria Two-Piece Clear Vinyl Dress Sandals. The elegant nude footbed is chic, coupled with the clear heel and matching seamless straps. Plus, the open-back design will have you flip-flopping in style while on vacation or out to brunch. For a uniquely crafted heel, look no further than Vivianly’s Clear Peep-Toe Heeled Mules. They’re a steal for just $30, and we love the kitten heel-like design. Plus, the subtle open-toe is a nice touch. We’re absolutely obsessed with Windsor’s Clearly on Trend Lucite Block Heels. Yes, the brand hit the nail on the head (they’re super in-style), and we predict they won’t ever go out. Plus, they’re our favorites on this list to pair with a cocktail dress for an upcoming formal occasion. Schutz’s Victorie Mid-Heel Slide Sandals are the perfect foray into the summertime aesthetic. Its chunky, rustic-trimmed block and clear straps are the perfect balance of nude and clear tones — which makes them great when paired with your favorite cut-out dress. As a personal favorite, SHEIN’s Rhinestone Decor Chunky Heeled Sandals are like no other. We wear them all the time (and receive several compliments each time we head out with them!), making them the comfiest, most ornate clear block heels we’ve found to date. Holy, wedge! We’re in awe of the modernity Cape Robbin’s Clear Chunky Block Wedge Heels bring to any outfit. Whether you’re sporting your favorite pair of shorts or a summertime dress from Amazon, these will be your built-in BFFs. If Audrey Hepburn could sport a clear heel in today’s era, it would look a little something like Mix No. 6’s Drae Pump. With a near-polka dot design, they’re hard not to love. And, if you’re daring enough to wear this high of a heel, we support the purchase fully. Speaking of high heels, we couldn’t resist adding Tony Bianco’s Kiki Heel to our exclusive hot list. Not only are the clear heel and silicone-like straps adorable, but they’re the perfect statement shoe that’ll make you look good from head to toe. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.