God’s plan for Drake was clearly rap world domination. Proving that Canadians are above us in longitude and vibes, Drake has blessed the summer season with a surprise album titled “Honestly, Nevermind” and a video that makes polygamy feel very, very glamorous. Hard to predict and hard on the heart, Drake has come a long way from his “Degrassi” days. As a thank you to the man that made it okay for us to not only tolerate, but celebrate our sensitivities, we’re taking a look at his birth chart. Aubrey Drake Graham, better known by the mononym Drake, was born unto us on October 24, 1986 in the hinterlands of Toronto, making him a Scorpio with a Cancer moon. The influence of Drake’s Scorpio zodiac sign is easily identifiable; dude named his fifth album “Scorpion,” concealed the birth of his first born son and gave him the name of a demigod, and secretly dropped an album no one knew he was even working on in the dead of night. We dig your shadows bro, thank you for sharing. Scorpio rules the eighth house of sex, death and regeneration and Drake is fittingly versed in reconstituting himself from the ashes of his former selves. His latest offering “Honestly, Nevermind,” sounds like it was named by a sullen teenager asking for parental advice. The album artwork is curiously heavy metal and the music is described by The Post’s Chuck Arnold as “a full-blown a-bop face from hip-hop to house. And it’s a vibe.” A vibe indeed and proof positive that you should never underestimate or embarrass yourself trying to predict where and how a Scorpio will strike, and strike gold next. Fact: I have never met Scorpio without trust issues. When you are highly perceptive and taken to daily slow dancing with the dark nature of the human condition, intuition easily and often veers into suspicion. We see this exhibited in Drake who waited for a paternity test to confirm that his son was indeed his son before publicly commenting on the subject. He doubled down on his Scorpio-ness when he revealed his son’s name to be Adonis. In mythology Adonis, for his own protection and or punishment, spent part of each year in the underworld, the domain of Pluto, the god of death and the planetary ruler of the sign of Scorpio. An apt and utterly goth metaphor. Sun in Scorpio folk are as sensitive as they are suspicious, a fact made evident by Drake in his collaboration with Pisces prince Jack Harlow on the latter’s single, “Churchill Downs.” Drake raps, “Cold hearts and heated floors/No parental guidance I just see divorce/Therapy sessions, I’m in the waiting room, readin’ Forbes/Abandonment issues I’m gettin’ treated for/How much water can I fit under the bridge before it overflows?” Name another musician that can freely fit that much trauma into five verses, I’ll wait. Drake has Mars planet of war in a challenging square with Pluto, planet of power, death and rebirth. This aspect imbues Drake with an obsessive personality and an all or nothing, do or die, burn the boats, the bridges and your haters upon them kind of energy. These people go hard and take betrayal and questions about their character, very, very seriously. The wrath of this sensitive Scorpio expresses itself in the form of a veritable floral arrangement o feuds with the likes of Pusha T, Diddy, Ye, Jay-Z, Meek Mill, Chris Brown, Aquarius frenemy The Weeknd, Tyga, Tony Lanez, Kendrick Lamar, Future and Ludacris. These quarrels have been inspired, predictably, by discourse over ego, ex-girlfriends and allegations that Drake uses a ghostwriter. Part of the lesson in Drake’s Mars square Pluto is to learn to channel the passion and rage that life inspires into something constructive, even extraordinary rather than squander it with vengeful intentions or self-destructive tendencies. We consistently see Drake take this high road towards high art via his retaliation raps and eagerness to reconcile, and we, and he, are all the better for it. Drake is a double water sign with his sun in Scorpio and moon in mystic, moody Cancer. This combo is heavy on the feels and masterful when it comes to manipulating others. Their fragility is not to be seen as a weakness to be overcome but rather a kind of sacred sensitivity that must be revered. Indeed, though known for his raw emotion and confessional musings, Drake is the first to remind you that he is no one’s b***h. The moon rules Cancer and is thus very much at home in these waters. Cancer moon folk harbor the desire for an idyllic home life in which birds sing, assets are secured, love is steadfast, a fire throws light on the faces of their healthy, hearty family and some sort of root vegetable is caramelizing on the stove. When the home life they create fails to live up to this lofty standard, they feel demoralized, a disappointment Drake speaks to on “March 14,” “Single father, I hate when I hear it/I used to challenge my parents on every album/Now I’m embarrassed to tell ’em I ended up as a co-parent/Always promised a family unit/I wanted it to be different because I been through it.” Indeed, this moon is a lifelong meditation on what it means to nurture things, others and ultimately the self. Stepping away from an unrealized ideal and the role of caretaker can be difficult for this ilk but it is part of their destiny. The soul purpose for the Cancer moon is to extend their medicine beyond home and hearth and to the greater human collective, a mission Drake has taken to heart and heights, delivering to us, the unworthy masses the aggregate of his pain in soulful, sonic form. Adding to this lunar throughline, Drake’s moon in Cancer forms a beneficial trine with Jupiter, planet of luck, abundance and roulette wheels suggesting that his emotional interiority easily lends itself to financial growth, professional advancement and personal expansion. This is a downright buoyant aspect to have within the birth chart and a point of levity amid the deep and trying tides of his double water sign status. This trine suggests the native is bound for success and possesses the wherewithal to enjoy it. And our man clearly revels in his spoils, hosting a weekend bender in Miami celebration of his “Honestly, Whatever” album drop wherein he toasted with tequila, dined, danced with a crew of people wearing his merchandise and spent the majority of one evening circled round the DJ booth, soothed by the sound of his own music. Secrets are sacred and romance is religion for this Scorpio sun/Cancer moon combo, a fact made evident by Drake’s resistance to speaking openly about his relationships and his tendency towards gestures like renting out Dodger’s stadium for a dinner date with Johanna Leia and playing cool and staying mute after being ghosted by Heidi Klum. Furthermore, our dude’s double water status is ALL OVER this interview where he talks about his ideal relationship and the nautical references abound, “It’d have to be somebody that I get along with so much to the point that when we’re separate, I’m feeling like I can’t function properly without their presence. I’m the captain of a ship…Hopefully I can find somebody that can just stand beside me at the wheel and help me steer while we keep the journey going as opposed to me having to pull over because that person is getting seasick.” We get it dude, a girl’s gotta ride your wave without puking and be appealing to the point of obsession. Very on brand for a Scorpio sun/Cancer moon combo. As of late and in his new video for “Falling Back,” it seems Drake’s ideal relationship is one where there is a different woman for each of his moods. The clip features a cameo by Tristan Thompson and the nuptials between Drake and twenty three women complete with a violinist, a series of elaborate, presumably legally binding handshakes and a four tiered multiple bride cake. Hark, the herald angel sings, “Your p***y is calling my name,” a winning wedding vow if ever there was one. Whichever wife is waiting and whatever the fates have measured for you Drake, we anxiously await the music you will make of it. Thank you for allowing us access to your intimacies and the dark cave of your Scorpio heart. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.