Klay Thompson shaded Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. without a single mention of his name on Thursday. Thompson called Jackson a “bum” and a “clown” following the Warriors’ 103-90 victory against the Celtics to win their fourth title in eight years, recalling a March tweet by Jackson. “Strength in numbers,” Jackson tweeted after the Grizzlies beat the Warriors 123-95 on March 28, a reference to the Golden State motto. Thompson did not play that game, nor did Golden State veterans Stephen Curry and Draymond Green. Jackson also did not play in the matchup. “Strength in numbers is alive and well,” Thompson told reporters at his post-title game press conference. “There was this one player on the Grizzlies who tweeted ‘Strength in numbers’ after they beat us in the regular season, and it pissed me off so much. I can’t wait to retweet that thing. “Freakin’ bum. I had to watch that. I’m like, ‘This freakin’ clown.’” Jackson’s tweet was fresh in his mind, he said, when it popped up after the Warriors won it all. “Gonna mock us?” he said. “You ain’t ever been there before. We’ve been there before, we know what it takes. So to be here again, hold that.” Jackson, meanwhile, has yet to address Thompson’s comments. He did, however, share a few tweets, including “Just let go” and “A lot of the time it’s right in front of us.” The Grizzlies’ season ironically ended at the hand of the Warriors in the Western Conference Semifinals in May. Thompson knocked down eight 3-pointers in a 30-point performance to help Golden State eliminate Memphis in a 110-96 win in Game 6. Thompson recorded 12 points, five rebounds and two assists in Game 6 to collect his fourth championship ring on Thursday. “I’m just thankful to be here man,” he said during the Warriors’ post-game celebration at TD Garden. It was a triumphant ending to an emotional comeback season for Thompson, who returned to full strength this season after suffering a torn ACL in Game 6 of the 2019 NBA Finals and a torn right Achilles in November 2020.