The end of spring is near — and the start of summer is just hours away. The hot season of barbecues and poolside drinks will officially start on Tuesday, June 21, 2022, at 5:14 a.m. EST when the summer solstice finally arrives in the Northern Hemisphere. June 21 is deemed the longest day of the year since the North Pole will be tilted at its highest direction towards the sun. In astrology, it’s also seen as a time to recognize and embrace growth. Tuesday will see the Earth soak up the maximum amount of daylight — 15 hours, 5 minutes and 37 seconds of sun in the New York area. The summer solstice — also known as the June solstice or midsummer — can occur any time between June 20 and June 22. “It all depends on when the sun reaches its northernmost point from the celestial equator,” according to the Old Farmer’s Almanac. “Therefore, the solstice won’t always occur on the same day.” Therefore, the Southern Hemisphere celebrates the astronomical start of winter, a time when the sun reaches its lowest point in the sky. The word “solstice” comes from the Latin word solstitium, meaning that the sun seemingly appears to stop moving at the minute the summer season arrives. However, for people in the weather business such as meteorologists and weathermen, the start of summer actually begins on June 1 and runs to Aug. 31. That is also known as the meteorological summer. But the world can take pleasure in knowing that summer won’t officially end until late September. Summer is set to end on Sept. 22 with the phenomenon known as the astronomical summer, which is based on the Earth’s position as it travels around the sun during the warmer months. As for the phrase “midsummer,” that term can be attributed to ritualizing the start of summer solstice and is celebrated annually in countries such as Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Midsummer’s Day is lauded on June 24 and is always observed on a Friday between June 19 and June 25. Celebrations are arranged to welcome summertime, as well as the season of fertility. According to Visit Sweden, the “midsummer never-ending lunch party formula involves flowers in your hair, dancing around a pole, singing songs while drinking unsweetened, flavored schnapps. And downing a whole load of pickled herring served with delightful new potatoes, chives and sour cream. All in all, a grand day out.”