Amber Heard’s sister on Sunday made her first public comments on the bombshell defamation trial with Johnny Depp, writing on Instagram: “I still stand with you, sissy.” Whitney Henriquez testified on behalf of her older sis, telling the court that Depp once hit her and called her a “whore” during the sensational trial that concluded Wednesday. “Yesterday, today and tomorrow I will always be proud of you for standing up for yourself, for testifying both here in Virginia and in the UK, and for being the voice of so many who can’t speak to the things that happen behind closed doors,” she wrote next to a picture of a black square with “#istandwithamberheard” written in white letters. “We knew that this was going to be an uphill battle and that the cards were stacked against us. But you stood up and spoke out regardless,” the 34-year-old continued. “I am so honored to testify for you, and I would do it a million times over because I know what I saw and because the truth is forever on your side.” A Virginia jury ruled in favor of Depp last week after a six-week trial that gripped the globe — and said Heard must pay her ex-husband $10.35 million for writing in a 2018 Washington Post Op-Ed that she was a victim of domestic violence. Heard can’t pay the hefty sum, her lawyer revealed Thursday. Notably, Depp’s daughter Lily-Rose, who has more than 6 million Instagram followers, has been silent throughout the trial and hasn’t spoken out following the verdict. Henriquez said in her Sunday post she was sorry that the truth “wasn’t reflected in the decision made by this jury.” In May 18 testimony, Henriquez alleged that Depp became more controlling and violent as the couple’s relationship progressed — starting with him keeping an eye on what Heard wore or what roles she took on. “It started with light jokes,” she said of Depp’s attention to her sister’s clothing. “Then it intensified. Eventually, they had the same stylist, and he was essentially controlling what she wore to events.” On Instagram, Henriquez promised her support for Heard will never waver. “I will never give up on you, and neither will anyone who stands with you. Forever by your side… #istandwithamberheard“