Soda trends have taken over TikTok — with people mixing flavored creamer into their pop and concocting their own “healthy” Coke brews. A new mania has popped up on the social media platform involving users trying to mimic the taste of Coca-Cola by mixing sour-tasting balsamic vinegar with any flavored sparkling water. The idea originated from Amanda Jones, who made the controversial drink after it was reportedly recommended to her by her Pilates instructor. Her clip has since received over 4.7 million views. She explained that her teacher said it was a “healthy alternative” to Coke and that they “drank it almost every day.” Jones explained that while followers may think she’s “insane,” she thinks the beverage “tastes just like a Coke.” After she swished the ingredients together, she noted that the drink looked similar to soda with its fizzy, dark caramel color and implored fans to try it out for themselves. Immediately, followers penned their shock in her comments with some simply writing: “JAIL” and “just bc it’s the same color as coke does not mean it’s the same thing.” Others suggested Jones just drink Diet Coke to feel healthier and one said, “I TRIED IT!! I can confirm for everyone in the comment section wondering, that this absolutely, undeniably, did not taste like coke.” Many users have also followed suit and have taken to their own kitchens to attempt the trend. Low-carb influencer Janelle Rohner posted her own version of mixing the soda, wondering to herself whether it would taste like the sugary, caffeinated drink. She stated in her TikTok that while the idea seems “foul,” she was anxious to try it out. “The smell alone … is not it,” she said. After wincing over the smell and essentially plugging her nostrils before her taste test, Rohner came to the conclusion that the dressing-laced soda water was “DISGUSTING.” “I don’t know whose pilates instructor told them to do this, BUT FIRE THEM,” she added. Food blogger Ashley McCrary-Mac also posted a video of herself trying the liquid refreshment and blended La Croix sparkling water with the brown-colored vinegar. As she quizzically mixed the thirst quencher and took a long, hard sip, McCrary-Mac was surprised at how good it tickled her tastebuds. “Y’all, that’s delicious,” she declared. “That’s my new drink.” People commented on McCrary-Mac’s video, type-yelling, “If you think this will taste like coke you’re delusional.” One follower chimed in, “If someone serves me this we are no longer friends .” However, there were some people who suggested she try using white peach balsamic vinegar and plain sparkling water. Another influencer, who goes by the name Kate on the platform, also dipped her toes into the trend and was pleasantly shocked at the taste. “What the f–k?” she screamed. “It does not taste like Coke. It tastes nasty. But I can’t stop drinking it!” But then she adjusted her attitude in a whisper. “I take that back. I kinda like it,” Kate said softly to the camera.