Queen Elizabeth marked a very important milestone on June 2 — her Platinum Jubilee. But during one of the main events — the Trooping the Colour parade — one special, less-recognized person made an appearance alongside her: Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent. So, who is this lesser-known royal? The duke, 86, is the 96-year-old queen’s first cousin and he emerged on the Buckingham Palace balcony to receive the official salute to celebrate the monarch’s momentous 70-year reign. The duke took the place of the sovereign’s late husband, Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, who died last year at 99. Prince Edward donned his red military uniform for the event and later joined other members of the royal family to wave to the crowds standing below the palace. The Duke of Kent is the son of Prince George, who died in an aircraft crash in 1942 and inherited the dukedom at 6. Prince George was the fourth son of King George V and Queen Mary, as well the younger brother of King George VI. King George VI was the queen’s father; he died in February 1952. Prince Edward’s mother, Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark, was also a first cousin of Prince Philip. This line of the royal family tree would make him both the second cousin and the first cousin once removed to the queen’s oldest son and heir, Prince Charles. Edward is married to Katharine Worsley, the Duchess of Kent, and they have three children — George, Earl of St Andrews, Lady Helen Taylor and Lord Nicholas Windsor. The Duchess of Kent, 89, achieved notoriety in 1994 when she converted to Catholicism. She was the first member of the royal family to do so publicly since the passage of the Act of Settlement in 1701. Since the conversion happened after their wedding, the duke didn’t squander his position in the line of succession. Edward has also served in the military for more than 20 years, according to the official royal family website. He was the first member of the family to make an official visit to China in 1979. The family’s site notes that the father of three “is involved with over 140 different charities, organizations and professional bodies which cover a wide range of issues, from commemorating the war dead to fostering the development of British technology and industry. “His Royal Highness undertakes numerous engagements each year in support of these organizations, both in the UK and across the Commonwealth,” the site added. He also escorted Queen Elizabeth during last year’s reduced Trooping the Colour ceremony amid the COVID-19 pandemic. 