Draymond Green’s wife, Hazel Renee, ripped Celtics fans after Boston beat the Warriors’ 116-100 in Game 3, for “chanting obscenities” about her husband in front of their kids. Renee took to her Instagram story to slam “very disgusting” behavior by Boston fans — and called out the NBA for not implementing its fan code of conduct for its players. “Tough loss tonight BUT in NO WAY, shape or form should fans be allowed to chant obscenities at players!” Renee wrote, adding that the couple’s young children heard fans yelling ” F–k you Draymond” and calling their dad a “b–ch,” among other things. “Are they not human? Is someone standing at your job saying off the wall things to you? The NBA has the audacity to have a whole code of conduct card at every seat about fans and their behavior and how they could be ejected from a game or banned but a whole crowd/section numbers people get to chant (cq) F–K YOU DRAYMOND or call him a B–ch or MF?!” And nothing?? Like that’s ok??” Renee wrote, tagging Green and the NBA in her post. “Warriors fans would NEVER!! My kids were at the game tonight hearing that mess! Very DISGUSTING of you little Celtics fans Just shameful!” Warriors star Klay Thompson also condemned the behavior by Celtics fans in Game 3 at TD Garden. “We’ve played in front of rude fans before,” he said after the game. “Dropping F-bombs with children in the crowd. Really classy. Good job Boston.” Green, meanwhile, didn’t seem as upset about being heckled in Boston. “They just talking,” he told reporters about the chants from Celtics fans. “That’s not really my job to react to them. So, they did what I expected.” Green, who fouled out of the Warriors Game 3 loss, told reporters he played “like s–t” and was “soft” after he finished with two points, three assists, four rebounds, a block and two turnovers in 35 minutes. The four-time NBA All-Star also hit back at a reporter who questioned him about discussing the NBA Finals series on his podcast. After the chippy moment, Green fittingly went back to his hotel and defended his openness about the series — in a new episode of his podcast. “Y’all gone get this podcast. Win, lose, draw. Hoisting the trophy, putting my ring on my finger, you name it,” Green said on his podcast after the game.