Just hours before NBA free agency 2022 was set to start, Kevin Durant dropped the bomb of the offseason by requesting a trade from the Nets. Durant, who has four years and $194 million remaining on his contract, has apparently seen enough after only two years and two early playoff exits and has no desire to team up with Kyrie Irving and Ben Simmons for the future. The question now looming over the NBA is who can make the best offer for his talents? And who can get the deal done first? Here are five plausible landing spots for Kevin Durant. The Suns are one of the teams that Durant reportedly favors as a trade destination. A year removed from their NBA inals appearance, Phoenix could be salivating at the opportunity to pair the veteran superstar with Devin Booker. The Suns could consider packaging Deandre Ayton and Mikal Bridges to send to Brooklyn. While their play styles don’t match up perfectly, this move gives the Nets an opportunity to build around Simmons and Ayton. The Heat are the other team reportedly interested in Durant. The Heat are consistently making deep playoff runs and adding Durant to their roster could land them as favorites to win it all. Miami could offer a package of Kyle Lowry, Tyler Herro, and Duncan Robinson, plus multiple future firsts. Would they consider dealing Jimmy Butler? According to ESPN’s Bobby Marks, Bam Adebayo can’t be included in a trade for Durant because of the designated rookie extension rule. Get the latest updates on all NBA free agency signings and rumors with the New York Post’s live coverage.  The Trail Blazers are an under-the-radar team that could take a shot at Durant. Portland needs to do something to please Damian Lillard, and pairing him with Durant would be a perfect gift. Lillard posted a Photoshop of Durant with him in a Portland jersey last weekend. A trade centered around promising Anfernee Simons (a restricted free agent), Shaedon Sharpe and a package of picks would be a possible starting point. The Pelicans? Yes, the Pelicans could absolutely make a push for Kevin Durant. He may have preferences but the Nets ultimately get to choose who they think makes the best offer. New Orleans could send Brandon Ingram, Jaxson Hayes and a package of first-round picks for Durant. Toronto has plenty of talent and picks to try and make a run for Durant. A package including some of OG Anunoby, Gary Trent Jr., Pascal Siakam and Scottie Barnes plus multiple firsts would potentially be enticing. Such a deal could put the Raptors back in the championship mix.