The company founded by controversial congressional candidate Carl Paladino has airbrushed him from the firm’s website. Ellicott Development — whose hotels are an “official partner” of the Buffalo Bills football team — makes no mention that Carl Paladino started the firm in the 1970s on its official site or Facebook page. Carl Paladino’s Twitter account says he is the “CEO.” But Ellicott’s website lists Paladino’s, son, William, as the CEO. Paladino, 75, the 2010 GOP candidate for governor who campaigned with a baseball bat, came under fire recently for making pro-Adolf Hitler comments. “That’s the kind of leader we need today. We need somebody inspirational. We need somebody that is a doer, has been there and done it,” Paladino said in a 2021 radio interview recently unearthed by the liberal watchdog Media Matters, referring to Hitler, who is responsible for the mass extermination of 11 million people in Europe including 6 million Jews. He later said he regretted invoking Hitler’s name. His lowest moment came in 2016 after saying he wanted to see then-President Barack Obama die of mad cow disease and First Lady Michelle Obama “return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe where she lives comfortably in a cave with Maxie, the gorilla.” The outcry triggered a movement to remove Paladino, a longtime ally of former President Donald Trump, from the Buffalo Board of Education. Even his son, William, distanced himself from his father’s barbs against the Obamas in an official statement on the company’s official Facebook page that was posted directly to the company website, saying they were “not a reflection of the beliefs and principles of Ellicott Development Company,” the Buffalo News reported. Papa Paladino insisted his omission from the firm’s website was an oversight, not a case of the family-run company trying to distance itself from the verbal grenade thrower. “We never reviewed it. Sorry. It’s being corrected now.. I’m the founder and chairman of the board,” he told The Post in an initial text message. He said his daughters Danielle and Sarah are secretary and treasurer of Ellicott Development, respectively. In a subsequent interview, Paladino insisted the family-run firm with more than 500 employees is  “not embarrassed by anything I’ve done.” William Paladino did not respond to multiple requests for comment. But political sources — both Republican and Democrat — disputed Carl Paladino’s claim his omission from the firm’s website was an innocent mistake. They believe it was a strategic decision by the firm to distance itself from his bombast that could ruffle feathers with clients — including the Bills, hotel companies and tenants. “They don’t want to have `Crazy Carl’ having over their heads,” said a Buffalo Democratic Party insider. The company that owns the Buffalo Bills, Pegula Entertainment, has a partnership with Ellicott’s hotels. A rep for The Bills declined comment on Paladino or its relations with Ellicott. Paladino is running for Congress in the newly-drawn 23rd Congressional District in Western New York after GOP incumbent Chris Jacobs announced he would not seek re-election. Jacobs bowed out after saying he supported an assault weapons ban following the shooting massacre in Buffalo, drawing a backlash from gun rights conservatives. His chief rival for the Republican nomination in the right-leaning is state GOP chairman Nick Langworthy. 