Five-time Tony-winner Angela Lansbury received a special award for lifetime achievement at the 2022 Tony Awards on Sunday but did not accept the award in person, which sparked concerns from her fans. The 96-year-old actress, who starred in several shows such as “Sweeney Todd,” “Gypsy” and “Mame,” was not present at the 75th Tony Awards that were held Sunday at Radio City Music Hall. The award aired during the pre-show, with her former “Sweeny Todd” costar, Len Cariou, introducing her. Fans immediately voiced concern about the Broadway icon’s absence from the award show. “Angela Lansbury’s absence, even by video, is concerning. And perhaps helps explain why this wasn’t on the main broadcast,” tweeted one user. “They couldn’t even have Angela Lansbury record an acceptance speech for her lifetime achievement award? How awkward. Then again, maybe she knew she would be part of the pre-show and figured we don’t deserve to hear a word,” added another. “Someone check on Angela Lansbury,” a concerned fan wrote. “I wish they would have asked Angela Lansbury to send a recording because I would have loved to hear from her. She was greatly missed,” chimed in another. The Post has reached out to Lansbury’s management for comment. Other fans were angry her award was not highlighted in the main telecast. “Absolutely shameful that the Lifetime Achievement Award for Angela Lansbury is not on the main telecast, as well as being horribly brief. I don’t care whether she’s there or not,” one Tonys viewer wrote. “How on earth did they not put Angela Lansbury’s lifetime achievement award during the primetime show?” added someone else. “Are they seriously f–king honoring Angela Lansbury in the pre-show,” one asked. “HOW MANY LIVING LEGENDS DO WE HAVE. You MAKE TIME for them.” Instead of an acceptance speech, the New York City Gay Men’s Chorus also paid tribute to her with a version of “Mame” after Cariou introduced her. “There is no one with whom I’d rather run a cutthroat business with,” joked actor Len Cariou, 82, who starred in the title role for “Sweeney Todd” opposite Lansbury (who played Mrs. Lovett) in 1979. “When we first met at the first rehearsal of ‘Sweeney Todd,’ I was very excited and admittedly a bit in awe of the most incredible credentials that she had,” he said.