Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez self-hyped her effort to block a Senate-approved bill that would step up security protections for Supreme Court justices and their immediate family members Thursday — a day after an armed man was arrested for attempting to murder Justice Brett Kavanaugh.The Bronx Democrat posted a video on her Instagram feed of her running up the steps to the Capitol so she could be present on the House floor to stop a unanimous consent request by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) to move the measure. In a subsequent video, the “Squad” member claimed McCarthy was trying to push the legislation through the House on a so-called “fly-out day,” when members leave Washington to return to their home districts. AOC told her followers that she would oppose the unanimous consent request until the Senate advances gun control measures after a spate of mass shootings in the US, including the May 24 Uvalde, Texas elementary school massacre. “Oh, so we can pass protections for us and here easily, right? But we can’t pass protections for everyday people? I think not,” she said. “I’m going to need a roll call vote on that.” House Democrats, who say they want to expand the bill to include enhanced security for Supreme Court clerks and other employees, rejected the unanimous consent request, sending McCarthy into a rage on the House floor. “How many times do they have to be threatened?” he asked, referring to the justices. “How many people have to be arrested with a gun outside their home?” The outburst took place hours after a California man was arrested with a cache of weapons outside Kavanaugh’s Maryland home after he called 911 on himself and told an operator he was having suicidal thoughts and wanted to kill the justice, according to court documents. “What would have happened had he not called 911?” McCarthy asked his Democratic colleagues Wednesday night. “He didn’t just have a gun. He had zip ties. But somehow you want to leave. This bill could be on the president’s desk right now.” The Senate passed the legislation by unanimous consent May 9 after a draft Supreme Court opinion leaked that indicated the justices were close to overturning Roe v. Wade, triggering nationwide protests. On Thursday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi snapped at a reporter who pressed her about Supreme Court security. “He’s protected. The justices are protected,” Pelosi said of Kavanaugh, later adding: “No one is in danger over the weekend because of our not having a bill.”