If we’re being honest, this year has already felt like it’s a million days long. But, today is actually the longest day on the annual calendar. To celebrate the sun staying in its daytime orbit just a bit longer than usual, Sephora is hosting its first-ever promotion to honor the Longest Day of the Year. The big-star name in beauty offers free same-day delivery on all orders placed today only for Sephora Beauty Insider members. How to access to the shopping score on June 21? Simply select “same-day delivery” at checkout and enter the code BEAUTYNOW — no minimum spend required. When Sephora says same-day, they mean same-day pronto. Shoppers should receive their orders by 4 p.m. local time. Any orders placed after 4 p.m. still qualify, though they’ll be delivered the next day (probably when you’re sipping your morning coffee). So, max daylight calls for max beauty. We spoke with Sephora to give us the 411 on some of the most popular products in its beauty catalog. So enjoy the sunlight — and the savings. For just $13 (plus free shipping today), Sephora Collection’s Ultimate Gel Waterproof Eyeliner Pencil is one of the best beauty items to have on hand for warmer summer temperatures. You won’t have to worry about smudging, and it’s available in multiple shades — both neutral and colored alike. Selena Gomez wears many hats — from acting and singing to beauty-founding and even cooking. Her Perfect Strokes Universal Volumizing Mascara has that cult-favorite volumizing brush we’ve been eyeing. Plus, the blush tube packaging is super cute. Meet Kosas, the beauty brand taking social media by storm for its vegan, Clean at Sephora formulations. Specifically, its Hotliner Hyaluronic Acid Contouring Lip Liner will subtly define your lips for that sweet, glossy-girl glow. As one of our favorite items (it’s heaven in a bottle), Glow Recipe’s Watermelon Glow Niacinamide Dew Drops is a product every skincare self-care enthusiast should have on hand. Not to mention, the superstar ingredient niacinamide has a wealth of skin-boosting benefits. Not to be dramatic, but Sol de Janeiro’s Brazilian Bum Bum Cream is life-changing. Simply put, its tropical scent instantly transports you to the Caribbean, its buttery texture is just so magical (and one of the best body butters we reviewed), and it’s 100% worth the investment. Another of our favorite products that’s also a hit at Sephora right now: amika’s Hair Blow Dryer Brush 2.0. It’s one of the easiest styling tools on the market (take our word on this; we tried a bunch), and it leaves your hair soft, bouncy and impeccably styled. As one of the best expert-approved foundations for mature skin, Charlotte Tilbury’s Airbrush Flawless Longwear Foundation is in a class of its own. It’s great for photoshoots, lasts literally all day, and comes in a vast shade range. If you love all things beauty, you’ve most definitely heard of NARS’ “Orgasm” Blush. It’s likely one of the most-sold items at Sephora (if we had to bet our life savings), and the color payoff is remarkable — one that’s flattering on all skin shades, too. You can’t go to Sephora in the summer without picking up something from Supergoop! Its facial sunscreen contains hyaluronic acid and niacinamide (which receives our stamp of approval), and it gives your skin the most subtle, stunning glow we could ever ask for. Stop what you’re doing and add bareMinerals’ Mineralist Lip Gloss Balm to your online shopping cart. It’s one of our most-used products, namely for its natural-sheen look, and you’ll want to score all the sweet shades for the summertime on a same-day delivery perk. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.