Sometimes, getting dressed can seem like a Goldilocks-minded task: a top-to-bottom suit may be too fancy, while your favorite pair of jeans may lean too casual. So, that’s exactly why we recommend having a men’s blazer on deck. Not only are they practical and versatile but you can dress them up or down with dress pants or chinos alike. If you’re trekking to work, your team or client-facing meeting would be incomplete without this outerwear staple. For your commute, pick up some of the best backpacks and messenger bags to piece the whole look together, too. Whether you’re layering it with a dress shirt and tie (or, a nice short-sleeve polo), this is the ultimate guide to have on deck for that much-needed wardrobe stock-up. Plus, any of these picks makes a great Father’s Day gift (hint, hint). Click to visit some of our favorite retailers for men’s blazers: Amazon, Bloomingdale’s, Bonobos, Huckberry, Macy’s, Men’s Warehouse, Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Target Linen is the hottest fabric of choice (see: best linen tops for men and women), so naturally, PJ Paul Jones’ Slim-Fit Lightweight Linen Blazer made the cut. For less than $75 on Amazon, it’s one of the most affordable options we’ve seen (and one that looks dynamite with jeans). If there’s a luxe-looking hue a men’s blazer can be, it’s royal blue. This splurge-worthy jacket is made by the famous German designer (whose brother brand is BOSS) and has some of the elements we seek out: a notched lapel, a two-button front closure and four sleeve buttons for embellishment. If you’re looking for that perfect charcoal blazer that’s the middle-ground for formal and casual, Bonobos has a stellar Italian Knit Blazer just shy of $300 for you to pick up. Its lightweight design, flap pockets and 100% cotton make will be a dream to wear, too. If its industrial-leaning fit isn’t enough to sell you, then the one-of-a-kind neutral color characteristic of Alex Mill’s Double Twill Blazer Will. It’s versatile and made for any on-the-go trip, many thanks for its timeless three-buttoned sew and lived-in look. OK, we need to turn you onto Tommy Hilfiger’s Modern-Fit Check Blazer ASAP. Not only does it have an unmatched sky blue and gray checked print that’s bound to match with denim and khaki alike, but it’s simply the perfect style to dress up or down. If we could give an award to this comfy, universally minded blazer, we would. Meet Joseph Abboud’s Slim-Fit Sports Coat: the ideal style if you (or the person you’re shopping for) already have a gray, navy, khaki and black jacket in their closet. This muted berry color is enough to add this to our “what to get him” wishlist, along with the blazer’s to-the-body fit. Looking for a blazer that marries gray and navy? Nordstrom’s Trim-Fit Hybrid Sports Coat fits the bill — not only for its classic hue but also for the two oversized front pockets that add to its versatile charm. Plus, it’s one of the most modern sports coats you’ll find. Though a splurge, we couldn’t resist adding Giorgio Armani’s Stretch-Wool Two-Button Blazer to our hot list. It’s undeniably the only navy outwear you’ll need (not to mention, especially fitting for colder temps) and its textured-weave design and Italian-made quality are hard to come by. We were pleasantly surprised to find Goodfellow & Co.’s Slim-Fit Suit Jacket for less than $100 at Target (who would have known)? This lightweight, handsome blazer comes in a few match-all colors and sizes and has a flattering fit that’s well-suited (ha!) with your favorite dress pants, most impressively. As the leading name in all things men’s fashion, Ralph Lauren has a Classic-Fit Sports Coat that’s definitely giving us “Mad Men” energy. The regal-looking blazer is a blend of fine silk and wool and has well-made black buttons affixed to its sleeves. For $250, it’s a steal. As an Amazon best-seller, Coofandy’s Casual Blazer is one of the styles with the most generous color selection for you to give your formal wear a much-needed stock-up. With more than 6K happier-than-ever reviewers, it’s one to surely look into. We can’t skip on the light tones — especially for summer. Theory’s Clinton Precision Ponte Slim-Fit Blazer is a much-loved style across plenty of high-end retailers, many thanks to its well-tailored fit. Plus, its material is made to stretch while still being super flattering on any size. Whoever says color doesn’t matter hasn’t taken a good look at Bonobos’ Italian Stretch Cotton Suit Jacket. This stunning green is neutral enough to wear with khakis or navy dress pants for an unbeatable fashion-forward look, or to pair with the matching suit pants ($175). Whatever your preference, this blazer is A+. Soak in the light-toned grays with Club Room’s Linen Blazer. For the price, it’s a great value — especially for the traditional, regular fit and its ability to look sharp and polished for any occasion. What’s more, it also comes in white and natural colors if those are more your speed. Boss’ Hanry Performance Blazer merges corporate professionalism with an easy-breezy relaxed fit — oh, and without comprising quality. Just shy of $400, this investment piece has a lightweight structure, perforated detailing and long sleeves with button cuffs to look great and feel your best. Navy will never go out of style, so Haggar H26’s Tailored-Fit Premium-Stretch Suit Jacket is worth the pick-me-up for less than $100. Its notched lapel, outside flap pockets and tailored fit make it comparable to many high-end styles, too. This decadent chocolate brown blazer from J.M. Haggar is that first-class fit that’s bound to garner plenty of compliments on your next occasion. Paired with khakis and a crisp white dress shirt is the way to go (just call us your personal stylist). Just like denim, plaid is most definitely in-style without any indication of going out. Lauren Ralph Lauren has you feeling classic with its UltraFlex Plaid Blazer, which features notched lapels, a singular button closure and an elegant design that’ll be worn for decades. Add some Southern charm to your dressed-up look with Bonobos’ Italian Stretch Seersucker Suit Jacket. This richly toned, high-quality outwear piece comes in three different fit options — slim, athletic and standard — and has pick stitching at the collar, lapel and pocket flaps (a hidden gem as far as sports coats go). If you’re on a budget, this One-Button Slim-Fit Blazer is your best bet. It offers the charm of designer-labeled suits without the price, and even has a vast inventory of neutrals and bolder colors to choose from. Oh, and Prime. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.