Rina Oh — who claims to have been a victim of “sexual abuse” from Jeffrey Epstein “and his gang” — has filed a court claim alleging that Virginia Roberts Giuffre “sexually assaulted” her. The latest brief in the ongoing back-and-forth between the women was filed this week in US District Court, following a counterclaim from Giuffre. Virginia Giuffre, now 38, has been characterized as a “sex slave” to Epstein, who died of suicide in a jail cell in 2019, and claimed that, as a teen, she was trafficked to Prince Andrew. She sued the prince for sex abuse and settled for an estimated $12 million in February. Oh, 43, alleges in the new papers that she was “sexually assaulted and abused by [Giuffre] at Epstein’s direction” in the massage room of Epstein’s townhouse on the Upper East Side. She told The Post that it happened in 2001. “[Oh] was surprised when she was called to the massage room to see Epstein, and found Epstein and [Giuffre] waiting for her. [Giuffre] then proceeded to touch [Oh] without [Oh’s] consent and much to her horror,” the latest brief states. “[Oh] did not reciprocate or sexually touch [Giuffre].” “I went into the massage room and [Giuffre] touched me without my consent; she sexually abused me,” Oh told The Post. “I was standing there, frozen like a deer. I did not move. I was in shock. I felt mortified and was uncomfortable.” Oh told The Post that she was introduced to Epstein while on “the rebound from a relationship that had just ended” in 2000. Oh told The Post that in the past she referred to Epstein as her “rich, older boyfriend,” but now describes herself as having been “a sexual victim of Epstein.” The new document claims that, on another occasion, Giuffre “and other females sexually assaulted [Oh] while Epstein watched.” It goes on to allege that Giuffre was used by Epstein to “groom and bring many more girls to Epstein, including minors as an adult.” Giuffre’s attorney, Kat Thomas, told The Post: “The allegations of sexual assault against Ms.  Giuffre are not true.” As reported in The Post, the back-and-forth began last November when Oh filed a defamation suit against Giuffre, seeking more than $10 million after Giuffre tweeted that Oh “procured & partook in the abuse of minors.” In May, Giuffre filed a counterclaim in which she claimed to be “the victim of the sadomasochist sexual play and physical abuse perpetrated against her by Ms. Oh, including cutting, slashing and other physical injuries during the sadomasochist sessions that have left Ms. Giuffre with permanent emotional and physical scars.” Oh told The Post, “I never cut her leg. I never touched her. I never heard of anyone doing anything like that during my involvement with Jeffrey Epstein. I am not that kind of person. I am afraid of needles and faint when my blood gets taken.”