Admit it, you love any and all excuses to shop at Target. From picking up that new pair of shorts or wide-leg pants to snatching some men’s pajamas and outdoor patio furniture before they sell out, there’s nothing more therapeutic than a trek through Target. But, for the beauty lover, it’s even more of a field day. The endless buffet of makeup products — like flawless foundations and creamy concealers — along with skincare — including hyaluronic acid-infused products and makeup removers — is next level. (Related: best Amazon beauty products). Oh, and if you’re looking to up your haircare game, you’ve come to the right place. From top-tier curling irons and wands to shampoos for every hair type, you’re golden. That’s right — Target’s dishing out all your favorite brands (think: Function of Beauty, Beautyblender, First Aid Beauty and more), much like those all-over-social-media beauty subscription boxes are. Target is also a great spot for beauty items less than $25. From Essie’s Expressie Quick-Dry Nail Polish (it’s magic in a bottle) to hair growth products, you’ll want to do cartwheels while on the Cartwheel app. Ahead, find the 30 best Target beauty products you can pick up to add to your routine. Before shopping our supreme finds, visit Target’s pages for makeup, skincare and haircare, respectively, for even more options. Click to jump to a specific beauty category: Meet one of the best full-coverage foundations (experts swear is phenomenal for mature skin): Too Faced’s Born This Way Foundation. It’s available in a number of shades and won’t budge throughout the day. That’s all we can ask for, right? Stop what you’re doing and pick up Maybelline’s Lash Sensational Sky High Mascara. As its name suggests, it really is sensational, giving your lashes an elongated look that’s akin to many mascaras with a $50 price point. We love the neutrals, and Morphe’s Neutral Territory Artistry Palette is one to snag ASAP. The brand holds a top spot in our best eyeshadow palettes review, too, and the nine-shaded compact is perfect to bring with you on the go. If we could write a love letter to Tarte’s Shape Tape Glow Wand Concealer — well, we would. It’s one of the best multiuse products on the market: use it as a makeup primer, as a brightening concealer or as a cream-based highlighter to apply as a final step in your makeup routine. It’s seriously that good, and we’re thankful Target offers it online. If you don’t think a $20 sponge is worth the hype, think again. Beautyblender is the irreplaceable product in your makeup toolkit, namely for being as simple to clean and care for as it’s as easy-peezy to apply. Plus, it’ll last for months on end until it’s time to replace. What’s great about L’Oreal Paris’ Infallible Pro-Glow Foundation is that it’s much like your moisturizer with SPF: protective, skin-boosting and hours-lasting. For less than $15, it’s one to order and try for yourself (oh, and to repurchase when it’s on its last squeeze). We ran through the gamut of more than a dozen setting sprays and, after reviewing them all, claimed Urban Decay’s fan-favorite All Nighter the overall winner. It lasted a whopping 15 hours without reapplying (a serious gem, to say the least) and it will last for months on your vanity. Benefit Cosmetics’ The POREfessional Pore-Minimizing Face Primer isn’t your cookie-cutter product. It (1) helps mitigate the appearance of pores and (2) instantly feels smooth on the skin, helping to reverse the feeling of dull or dry skin. Luckily, Target has it on its roster. Thank you, TikTok, for turning us on to Tarte’s Maracuja Juicy Lip. It’s truly like no other if you want that cult-favorite glossy sheen (like your favorite clear lip glosses) and the lippie comes in a wealth of shades to adorn your top and bottom puckers. Swipe, bronze and go with Benefit Cosmetics’ Hoola Matte Bronzer. It’s been raved about on YouTube, in Sephora stores and on the Internet for years. Plus its $30 price point is fairly priced for the quality, natural glow you’re receiving. When we noticed First Aid Beauty on Target’s website, we screamed. Seriously, the brand has been one of our favorites for sensitive and dry skin, especially, with its Ultra Repair Skin serving as an excellent eczema treatment as well. It’s multi-use — and just $16. Packed with skin-boosting vitamin C and hydration-helping niacinamide, Native’s Brightening Facial Cream checks all our boxes (including being a moisturizer with SPF!) It’s just $20, too, and is sweet-as-can-be for the summertime months. If you’re looking for the ultimate under-eye patches, Peter Thomas Roth is the way to go. Its luxe-looking 24K Gold Hydra-Gels help aid the skin in being more lifted and firm (and let’s be honest, you just can’t stray away from that bronzed goddess color). As one of the most cherished brands we’ve written about, Kopari puts the “clean” in clean skincare (and, interestingly enough, was one of the first brands foraying into this niche). Its Ultra Restore Body Butter is one of the best we reviewed, too, and it’s a dream post-shower. Pixi’s Skintreats Glow Tonic Exfoliating Toner is raved-about and is your go-to for removing dead skin cells and guiding your skin to a healthier state. Part of the reason for this impressive result is thanks to the aloe ingredient count (which is the ultimate skin-soother). For more recommendations, check out our roundup of the best expert-backed toners. CeraVe, the brand you already know is dermatologist-tested and phenomenal for cleansing and hydrating your skin on a budget. Namely, its best-selling Hydrating Facial Cleanser is one to steal (especially for normal to dry skin) and even contains hyaluronic acid — a staple ingredient in most luxury skincare. Much like your tried-and-true night cream, Olay Regenerist’s Retinol 24 Max Night Serum is the before-bed skin primer to wake up with skin feeling anew. It contains retinol, the universally accepted aide for anti-aging purposes, and the brand’s line is one of the best retinol creams and serums our dermatologist experts recommend. Sun’s out, baby, and it’s time to pick up a fully loaded body sunscreen to use all summer long. Similar to facial sunscreens, Sunday Riley’s formula is light, contains dermatologist-recommended zinc oxide and has the cutest packaging ever (a bonus, TBH). We’ve tried First Aid Beauty’s KP Bump Eraser Body Scrub, and here are our thoughts: it’s similar to a facial exfoliator, actually helps diminish the bumps on your legs and is a dream for sensitive skin. For $30, it’s waiting for you to add it to your Target cart. Ah, Mario Badescu’s Facial Spray. It’s the less-than-$15 spritzer we all know and love, especially for its wake-me-up ingredients that serve as an excellent makeup primer. Luckily, Target has a few variations and sizes available to make your shopping experience even better. Yes, Function of Beauty is at Target! For just $10, snag the clamored-about bases for your hair type (including straight, wavy and curly) to try out one of the best personalized haircare brands. Plus, it’s one of our favorite shampoos we reviewed. For effortless beach waves, you truly can’t beat Trademark Beauty’s Babe Waves Original Hair Waver. From its pink-embossed charm to styling power, your hair will be tousled to perfection in less than 10 minutes. That said, it’s a solid curling tool to pick up. If there’s a multi-use product on the market that wears the most hats of them all, it’s the It’s a 10 Miracle Leave-In Conditioner. Truthfully, it’s gold to some people (including ourselves), and we love how it’s a heat protectant, anti-frizz product and tamer all in one. Speaking of heat protectants: Drybar’s Hot Toddy Heat Protectant Mist not only smells incredible (think: your relaxing salon, brought to your bathroom) and makes your hair soft to the touch after styling with your go-to blow-dry brush. Take your hair to new heights (without heat) with Kitsch’s Ceramic Hair Rollers. This eight-pack is great to have on hand while styling (after leave-in conditioner) and come in different sizes to cater to your front hair pieces and long layers alike. We’ve heard much about hair growth products, from at-home treatments to sprays. But, applying a bit of SheaMoisture’s 100% Pure Argan Oil to the tips of your hair will help your locks grow a bit faster. For less than $15, it also keeps your hair well-hydrated. Kristin Ess is one of Target’s leading beauty brands (see also: The One Signature Shampoo we adore). For $60, the titanium make will leave your hair bouncy and soft (per our hairstylist expert) and comes in a sleek, white-and-gold exterior that’s hard not to love. Revolutionary and surprisingly just $5 is Not Your Mother’s Plump for Joy Body-Building Dry Shampoo. It’s one of the best we tested for volume, too, and we want to stockpile a dozen of them in our homes so we never run out (simply put: run to Target). Yes, salon-quality haircare is available at Target, with one brand being OUAI. Its Hair Shampoo is unbelievably and perfectly scented, a formula you just have to trust us on. It’s great for all hair types, too, and pairs well with the matching conditioner. If you want big sexy hair, a jumbo-sized hairspray will help you get there. Well-known for its bold red-and-black packaging is Sexy Hair’s fan-favorite spray, producing a style that’ll last for hours without that crunchy feeling (you know what we’re getting at). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.