An Oklahoma teacher is accused of sending a nude picture and an inappropriate video to a 16-year-old student after she “heard rumors that he liked her,” according to reports. Ivy Reneau, 28, is facing charges connected to the alleged pervy behavior and a warrant is out for her arrest. The teacher allegedly sent a topless photo of herself and another of her “posing in front of the mirror sideways with no clothes on her breast was exposed along with her butt,” according to court records cited by KFOR Oklahoma. Reneau taught at Midwest City Middle School and was also an assistant soccer coach. She met the underage teen at practice and “heard rumors that he liked her and wanted to watch her run,” according to the court documents obtained by KFOR. The high school and middle school teams share the same field, KFOR reported. She then added the teen on Snapchat and allegedly sent him three or four naked photos and an inappropriate video. Court documents claim the teenager showed the pics to a few teammates, KFOR reported. He also tried to exhort money out of the teacher, telling her “he could ruin her career over the pictures,” court documents reportedly indicate. She allegedly sent him $120 online. The documents state Reneau fessed up to the photos to detectives but claimed she never had a physical relationship with him and thought he was 18, according to KFOR. “They talked about hanging out one time, but never went through with it,” she said, according to the documents. The alleged unlawful actions ended when another teacher overheard the teen tell someone “he had been sent nude pictures by a teacher,” according to KFOR, citing the court documents. “District officials were notified of an alleged relationship between a Mid-Del staff member and a student,” a district spokesperson said in a statement to KFOR. “We reported the information to law enforcement so that they could begin an investigation. The staff member is no longer employed by Mid-Del Schools, and we have worked closely with the family of the student in the wake of this accusation. We will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities.” Reneau is facing a charge of using technology to engage in communication for sexual or prurient interest with a minor, according to online court documents. A warrant was issued for her arrest on May 26.