A firefighter has died after being trapped in the debris after a building collapsed in a fire in Fairhill, just north of Philadelphia on Saturday morning. Philadelphia Fire Department officials battled to save a total of six people entrapped in the charred remains of the building, with four successfully freed so far. The fallen firefighter was not immediately identified, but Deputy Fire Commissioner Craig Murphy said he was a 27-year department veteran. Four other firefighters and an inspector with the city’s Department of Licenses and Inspections had been rescued from the rubble. Murphy said they were in stable condition at hospitals. On Twitter, local fire officials shared an update on the latest from the scene, saying one member of the fire department “was transported to the hospital.” “The other, a 27-year veteran, was pronounced dead at the scene. Our thoughts are with his friends, family, and fellow PFD along with all affected.” Before the update, fire officials shared an image from the scene, saying several firefighters and an L&L Home Inspector were trapped after the fire. Officials managed to get four people out. “So far, several were rescued and transported to hospitals. Work continues to free others,” the tweet said. In a follow-up tweet, fire officials said the responding agencies at the scene include Philadelphia Police, L&L, OEM, PGW, PECO, PWD, American Red Cross, 2nd Alarmers, and SEPTA. Photos from the scene show people gathered by the collapsed building with several rescue vehicles parked out front. On Twitter, NBC Philadelphia reporter Katy Zachry said the building entrapped a total of six people. She said four people, including a firefighter and a city building inspector, have been pulled from the rubble, while the remaining two are still stuck under the debris. No signs of smoke or fire were visible in the photo, however the tweet said, “The fire response remains at 2-alarms.” About four hours earlier, just after 2:05 a.m., an official fire department Twitter account for automated alerts sent a tweet warning people to avoid the fire. The Post has reached out to the Philadelphia Fire Department and the Philadelphia Police Department for further comment.