We’re all about the haircare at the New York Post, from testing more than 30 shampoos (including dry shampoos) to more than 25 conditioners for every hair type. That said, we’ve been following Olaplex’s new launch with a vigilant eye and are excited that it’s finally available to shop now. The brand, which is known for its bestselling No. 4 Bond Maintenance Shampoo and No. 5 Bond Maintenance Conditioner, just released a Clarifying Shampoo that helps remove heavy metals, minerals, chlorine and product build-up. “This clarifying shampoo is an important part in a hair care routine to deeply cleanse hair of any impurities and build up while keeping hair healthy and strong,” Bianca Hillier, celebrity colorist with more than 100K Instagram followers, told The Post. “This shampoo is extremely unique — while clarifying shampoos dry out the hair (since they work like a sort of steroid shampoo to remove dirt and oil), the Olaplex 4C will leave the hair feeling silky and tame.” After undergoing a re-formulation to some of its haircare products, Olaplex has ensured all ingredients are beneficial to your hair type and texture. “The Olaplex No. 4C Bond Maintenance Clarifying Shampoo is an important addition to the brand’s collection to maintain clean healthy hair,” Hillier adds. “This is not a daily shampoo, this is a weekly shampoo that can be used on all hair types and textures.” Specifically, its patented ingredient is Bis-Aminopropyl Diglycol Dimaleate, which, according to Hillier, “continuously allows the bonds in your hair to rebuild and repair the hair health from the inside of the hair.” While your haircare routine is dependent on how frequently you wash it (more on that in our expert-backed FAQ), Hillier notes some best practices for adding this crucial component to your showering schedule. “If your hair is being shampooed three or more times a week, it’s recommended to use a clarifying shampoo once every two weeks,” she says. “But, if the hair is being shampooed less than twice a week, it’s recommended to use a clarifying shampoo once a week to remove the extra build-up and sebum.” Plus, she (and many others) like to follow up with the Olaplex No. 8 Bond Intense Moisture Mask ($28) for additional moisture. The Olaplex 4C Clarifying Shampoo is color-safe and apt for non-color-treated hair alike. For her clients, Hillier likes to use the Olaplex 4C following the lightener to remove color build-up from previous colors, in an effort to even out the hair’s palette. That said, you can still use Olaplex’s new clarifying shampoo on non-color-treated hair, as it’ll help target inevitable “scalp clog” from frequent use of leave-in conditioners, hairsprays and others. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.