Prince Louis may never get to sit on the British throne — but he made sure his presence at Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee flyover will go down in history. The 4-year-old son of Prince William and Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, became instant meme-worthy gold for images of him covering his ears and making “Home Alone” Macaulay Culkin-inspired faces while standing next to his great-grandma. Twitter immediately erupted with the photo of a stone-cold Elizabeth alongside a screaming Louis with a variety of hilarious interpretations. “As a parent of a four-year-old not in line to the throne. Prince Louis, we see you and we understand you,” former White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki tweeted. “People were worried about others overshadowing The Queen. Prince Louis accepted the challenge,” another user wrote. The Post’s Instagram account even posted the all-too-relatable meme below. Louis’ adorable display occurred when he and his famous family members gathered on a balcony during the Jubilee flypast amid huge cheers from the crowd on the Mall. They were there to watch as Royal Air Force planes roared overhead to kick off four days of celebration in honor of the Queen’s Jubilee. Louis’ onstage antics came after he was seen waving to the planes and even chatting to his great-grandmother. At one point, Her Majesty even bent down to speak to the little prince, who looked up and listened attentively to her every word. However, the little prince seemed to be reprimanded at several points by his mother and sister. The Platinum Jubilee marks Her Majesty’s 70 years on the throne — a big tribute for the longest-serving monarch. The UK will host several activities for royal supporters and her famous family to celebrate. Also in attendance were Prince Louis’ siblings, Prince George, 8, and Princess Charlotte, 7, plus their parents, Prince William, 39, and Middleton, 40. Britain’s BBC is partnering with ABC to broadcast all of the events in the US, while other American news channels, including NBC, will also cover the festivities. Check out The Post’s handy guide to watching the four-day celebration in its entirety. Queen Elizabeth II will miss Friday’s National Service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul’s Cathedral after she experienced “discomfort” during Thursday’s celebrations, a spokesperson said.