Following his bombshell defamation trial, Johnny Depp’s next act will be in a docuseries. Premiering July 22 on streaming site Fandor, “Boston George” follows drug trafficker and smuggler George Jacob Jung, who Depp portrayed in the 2001 film “Blow.” The five-part docuseries will feature interviews from Depp, 58, marking his first on-screen content since his courtroom battle with ex-spouse Amber Heard — unless you count his TikTok videos. The upcoming program is produced by Georgette Angelos and Chris Chesson and directed by Clint Choate. Jung, described by Depp as “one of my favorite people instantly” and “a very charming outlaw,” lived a prolific life of “sex, drugs, rock ‘n’ roll and lawbreaking,” per the series’ IMDb page. While Jung filmed the series prior to passing away last year, characters from his life came together to tell his story, including the author of the New York Times bestseller “Blow: How a Small Town Boy Made $100 Million with the Medellín Cocaine Cartel and Lost It All.” Also featured will be his partner Ronda Clay Spinello, friend Waino “Tuna” Tuominen and two DEA agents, undercover agent Tom Tinnerington and Special Agent Mike McManus, who caught Jung in 1994. Jung — who was also known as Boston George or El Americano — played a vital role in the US cocaine trade in the ’70s and ’80s, during which he and his partner Carlos Leader smuggled the drug into the country from Colombia’s Medellin Cartel. Upon being busted, Jung was sentenced to 70 years in prison but only served 20 before being released in 2014. Fandor plans to premiere a new episode every Friday following the docuseries’ premiere, while Cinedigm will make each episode available on TVOD the following day. Depp has more reported gigs in the future, including a musical stint with Jeff Beck and a potential role in the “Beetlejuice” sequel directed by Tim Burton. On Monday, a former Disney executive speculated Depp could even return as Jack Sparrow, despite not playing the character since 2017’s “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.”