UFC Fight Night Austin is a loaded fight card filled with exciting fights from top to bottom. Starting at 4 PM est. with Kyle Daukaus against Roman Dolidze, the card is must watch from the start. In this article, we have two fight breakdowns and picks and an additional parlay. The bets you see were available at the time of writing. If you are new to UFC betting, feel free to check out our how-to bet on the UFC guide. Without further ado, here are our picks and predictions for a loaded UFC Fight Night Austin you will not want to miss. The main event of this card features two featherweight contenders. Josh Emmett is an excellent striker with power we have not seen in the division since Conor McGregor. His opponent, Calvin Kattar, just got through an impressive beatdown of Giga Chikadze as a big underdog. Calvin Kattar is the higher-volume striker here and has never been knocked out. In striking exchanges, Kattar does an excellent job keeping his guard high but could do better getting his head off the centerline to avoid heavy shots that put most fighters out. Furthermore, his high-pressure pace is a boon to his chances of winning decisions. His best combinations typically occur when he gets in close to land that left uppercut, right cross, followed by an elbow. Those strikes have done an excellent amount of damage to past opponents. Emmett is an extremely powerful striker, so Kattar — who has plenty of defensive deficiencies — will need to be extremely careful. Overall, we know that Emmett will be swinging for the fences early with that deadly right hand. Bets on Kattar at -250 seem foolish against an opponent with Emmett’s power. You are better off live betting him after the first round if you want the moneyline. PointsBet has the best prop on this one, Kattar to win in over 2.5 rounds -108. Kattar has gone two three straight decisions, winning all but one against the division’s former champion, Max Holloway. Emmett hasn’t faced that level of competition and is highly reliant on his right cross left hook strikes. He does not chain together strikes, making it difficult to envision a win after the first two rounds. Until then, he’s dangerous enough. Kattar wins in over 2.5 rounds -108 (PointBet) Big underdog for Joaquin Buckley this weekend as he fights Albert Duraev. This is Duraev’s second fight on the UFC roster, where he showcased some seriously impressive grappling. Buckley will undoubtedly be the best striker Duraev has ever faced, but the same can be said about Duraev’s grappling against Buckley. Duraev arrogantly did not shoot for a takedown until the second round against Kopylov and nearly got knocked out. After the fight, he said he wanted to challenge himself with striking. Mission unsuccessful. His striking looked pretty awful. The most likely scenario here is that Duraev uses his grappling to grind out a decision. However, the line is far too wide against a proven commodity like Buckley. Moreover, Buckley has showcased excellent fight IQ in his fights. He avoids bad positions and puts himself in good ones. The bet here is Buckley or pass. Buckley’s power as a +200 underdog is more than worth a shot. Buckley by knockout +310 (Caesars Sportsbook) +395: Stamann by decision (-110) + Kyle Daukaus (-265) + Adrian Yanez (-290) + Kattar (-250) This parlay can be bet on FanDuel Sportsbook using their UFC parlay insurance. If exactly one leg loses in the parlay, you are given the wager back in a free bet, up to $25. A few notes.