Megyn Kelly blasted Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) as a “moron” and a “Kardashian in Congress” after the progressive lawmaker called for impeaching Supreme Court justices over their decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. During an appearance on Eric Bolling’s Monday night program on the right-leaning cable channel Newsmax, Kelly unloaded on the congresswoman from the Bronx and Queens during a discussion of the aftermath of Friday’s dramatic abortion ruling. Kelly was asked to opine on the Sunday comments by Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) when she demanded that Justices Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh be impeached for allegedly lying under oath during their Senate confirmation hearings. Both justices told senators that Roe v. Wade, the landmark 1973 ruling which legalized abortion nationwide, was settled precedent, giving lawmakers the impression that they would vote down any attempt to undo it. The Post has reached out to Ocasio-Cortez seeking comment. In his interview with Kelly, which was cited by the news site Mediaite, Bolling also mentioned that another liberal Democrat, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), had been “coming at the judges pretty darn hard.” “Well, I’ll distinguish between the two because I think AOC is a moron,” Kelly said. “I think Elizabeth Warren is smart — she’s ideological and not necessarily aligned with you or with myself — but I think AOC is not that smart, and she really just wants to be a star.” Kelly added: “She’s sort of a Kardashian in Congress. I guarantee you she hasn’t read the decision, and I guarantee you she has no understanding of what substantive due process is, or the history of any of what she’s talking about.” The former Fox News star said the push to impeach the justices was “ridiculous” and “will go nowhere.” Kelly added that “all the justices play a little fast and loose with how they’re going to decide cases and how they’re going to treat precedent.” “These guys haven’t done anything wrong,” Kelly said of Gorsuch and Kavanaugh. “They have interpreted the Constitution according to their judicial philosophy.” Kelly then mentioned the vow by Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) to defy the court order. Waters was “out there saying ‘We’re not going to follow it,'” Kelly said. “You know what I have to say to her? Yes you are. You are going to have to follow it.” Kelly added: “Sorry, but your state is no longer going to perform abortions if you’re in a redder state, all right?” “She’s not, but women who are are not going to be able to find abortions because the clinics are going to close down because doctors don’t want to go to prison.”