Details about Josh Duggar’s alleged sexual proclivities keep getting worse. OnlyFans model and viral star Karlie Brooks has reportedly come forward to claim that she was paid by the disgraced reality TV star — and convicted sex offender — to dress up like a child during sex. In a since-deleted clip first apparently shared on TikTok, Brooks, 26, claimed she had her first meeting with Duggar, 34, back in 2015 — around the same time he was exposed for having cheated on his wife, Anna Duggar, on the Ashley Madison website. “Speaking of Josh Duggar, I am ashamed to say this, but I have slept with him a few years ago when the whole Ashley Madison scandal came out,” she began in footage that later reappeared on YouTube, according to The Sun. Brooks is the second woman to claim she hooked up with Duggar via Ashley Madison after Danica Dillon came forward with allegations soon after the 2015 reveal. “I was one of the women that slept with Josh during that time and just hearing everything that has gone down with him makes me absolutely sick,” Brooks said. “[Duggar] paid me a generous — a really good amount of money,” she claimed without disclosing an exact amount in the clip. “But, yeah, I slept with Josh Duggar.” Brooks also described the bizarre requests he reportedly made of her, according to the Sun, such as wearing pigtails and children’s underwear, shaving her body and concealing her tattoos. She inferred that they had gotten together more than once, according to the Sun. At the time, she claimed she thought the requests were standard among clientele — but, in hindsight, Brooks said, “I am so disgusted that I’ve been with him.” The Post has reached out to Duggar’s attorney for comment. Duggar was recently sentenced to 12 years in prison, plus an additional 20 years probation upon release, and charged $50,000 in fines, on charges of child pornography possession — for which he filed an appeal on Friday, having maintained his innocence throughout. He was previously accused of molesting multiple underage girls, including one victim under 5 years old, when he was between 14 and 15 years old. On top of prison time, the sexual predator is also now prohibited from owning a computer or viewing pornography, and barred from interacting with children while unsupervised, Arkansas Judge Timothy L. Brooks, who presided over Duggar’s case, called his crimes “the sickest of the sick” during his sentencing hearing in May, the Sun reported. Duggar starred with his parents, siblings, in-laws, wife, and the seven children they share, on TLC’s “19 Kids and Counting,” about a big, Baptist family who were painted as the pinnacle of religious purity and faith. Meanwhile, this was not Brooks’ first embarrassing reveal. In January, she shocked social media after claiming that her uncle had stumbled across her profile on OnlyFans — and congratulated her on her “very nice” account — before asking for a favor from a so-called “friend.” “Hey kiddo! This is your uncle. I think I might have stumbled across a video of you today…very nice. Do you happen to know Riley Reid?” he allegedly wrote, mentioning another port star. “Also, do you have an OnlyFans? My friend wants to know.” The creepy message left her “cringing,” she said.