MINNEAPOLIS — DJ LeMahieu collected his 1,500th career hit Tuesday night in the Yankees’ win over the Twins and entered Wednesday just one homer away from his 100th. Those numbers are “pretty cool” LeMahieu said Wednesday, but he’s got more important goals in mind. “The fact we’re winning like we are means more,’’ LeMahieu said, a day after the Yankees became the first MLB team to earn its 40th win this season. “I’ll look back on these things after my career.” In the meantime, he’s hoping to add positive stats to this year’s line. What has been a somewhat up-and-down season at the plate for LeMahieu has seen a recent uptick. He entered Wednesday 8-for-22 with two doubles, a homer, seven RBIs, seven walks and just three strikeouts in his previous six games. “I feel good and want to keep it going,’’ LeMahieu said. “I feel like I’ve had some impact on games and hope to string a couple together here. I feel really good at the plate.” The left hand, which had bothered him, is now fine and on Tuesday, he tied a career high by reaching base five times. It was his third hit of the night that got him to 1,500. “I knew I was close,’’ LeMahieu said of the milestone. But he acknowledged it didn’t make as much of an impression as his first hit, which came after he made his debut with the Cubs in 2011. “My first thought after that hit was I thought I had it made,’’ LeMahieu said. “I had so much adrenaline, I could have hit left-handed.” He had put plenty of pressure on himself prior to that initial single, telling himself, “I’ve got to get at least one [hit] while I’m up here.” Then, during a game June 3, 2011 at St. Louis, LeMahieu reached on an infield single against Jaime Garcia — details he remembers without hesitation more than a decade later. What made the moment even more special was the fact Albert Pujols was playing first base for the Cardinals that night and was the first to congratulate LeMahieu. “He said ‘Congrats. Hopefully this is the first of many,’ ” LeMahieu said of the interaction. “I’ll never forget it.” Now, LeMahieu is getting back to being an integral part of the Yankees’ lineup. He entered Wednesday with an OPS of .756, better than the .711 mark he put up a year ago, when LeMahieu was hindered by a sports hernia, but still far off his breakout seasons in 2019 and 2020, when he had years of .893 and 1.011, respectively. But manager Aaron Boone believes LeMahieu is hitting better than some of the numbers would indicate. “I feel like he’s been really consistent,’’ Boone said. “I don’t want to say he’s been entirely unlucky, but in June he’s been swinging well. I feel his at-bats have been really consistent. He’s been in that good DJ stretch where he gets a couple of hits in a few games in a row. He’s scratching the surface of that. … I hope he goes on one of those stretches [now].” He was back at the top of the lineup on Wednesday, in front of Aaron Judge, a night after he started off the game Tuesday with a hit that was followed by a Judge two-run homer.