We all look for red flags when we’re dating to see if they’re a suitable partner for us. But have you thought about what you need to look out for when it comes to finding a good birthing partner? We spoke to relationship expert, Tina Wilson, who revealed the five red flags to look out for in your partner which will tell if they’ll be any good in the delivery room. If you come home from a bad day at work only for your partner to one up you, chances are they’ll do the same when you give birth. Tina revealed: “When you are ready to look for your forever person, father/mother to your child, then it’s time to take the small things into consideration so that you are prepared for the future.” The expert adds: “Any situation that occurs when this person assumes ‘poor them’ or ‘its always somebody else’s fault’, is more likely to make the birth about them.” They could end up fainting in the delivery room rather than supporting you through the birth. The relationship expert from Wingman adds: “Small behaviors can assume greater meanings.” Therefore you should be mindful if your partner is late or constantly reschedules dates at the last minute whether they are the one to be with you. “This person is unprepared and unable to stick to a plan, therefore it’s unlikely they will be prepared to lead a plan and help you through a stressful and emotional time.” Good manners are often the bare minimum we look for in a partner. Whether it’s holding the door open, pulling out your chair or saying please and thank you. These are great signs your partner is mindful of your needs said Tina. However, if they don’t it could be a red flag. The expert said: “If your partner doesn’t even think to hold open a door for you and just blisters through, leaving it almost hitting you in the face, they are likely to do the same in other situations.” If your partner tends to your needs when you are unwell it’s a clear sign they’ll do the same while you’re in labour. But if they don’t and you see an eye-roll when you mention a headache, or someone telling you ‘to get on with it’ it could mean the opposite. Tina explained: “This doesn’t bode well for the person who should be wetting your brow and helping you through a tough situation.” “There is a saying that goes ‘how someone does something, is how they do everything’ and although it might sound like a tongue twister, there is absolute merit in its meaning,” Tina said. If you often find yourself asking your partner to help with basic chores and they fail to take initiative then they aren’t going to be much help during birth. The relationship expert explained: “If the person always needs telling what needs to be done, and fails to take initiative to help when it’s very obvious to others, then this person isn’t going to be looking ahead and thinking of your feelings during the birth.” “The fact that your partner might be a terrible birthing partner isn’t a dealbreaker, as they may have many other wonderful attributes, but it will enable you to be mindful as you choose that partner who enters that room,” she adds. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.