An anti-abortion Buffalo pregnancy center was allegedly “firebombed” overnight. Police in Amherst, NY, confirmed an investigation is under way after a fire broke out at the CompassCare Community medical facility. CompassCare leaders are blaming a pro-choice group for firebombing the office and said graffiti was scrawled on a wall that stated, “Jane Was Here.” “Graffiti on the building left by the arsonists refers to the abortion terrorist group Jane’s Revenge,” the organization said in a Facebook post. CompassCare said Jane’s Revenge is responsible for another fire that occurred at an anti-abortion facility in Wisconsin last month. Windows in the reception room and nurses’ office at the Buffalo location were broken, and fires were lit, CompassCare said. Photos were posted online of the damage. Police said multiple agencies responded to the fire, with two firefighters treated for minor injuries. Amherst Town Supervisor Brian Kulpa said in a statement he was “disgusted” by the incident. “With reports that this fire was set intentionally, I am disgusted that lives were put at risk,”” he said, according to WKBW. “Our thoughts are with the firefighters as they recover. “A violent response is never the answer,” Kulpa added. “There is no place in Amherst for such attacks. Amherst Police are working with our partners to continue its investigation to hold those responsible accountable for their actions.” CompassCare CEO Jim Harden vowed to rebuild the center because “women deserve better” and “pre-born boys and girls deserve protection. “Because of this act of violence, the needs of women facing unplanned pregnancy will go unmet and babies will die,” he said in a statement. He also decried government officials for not condemning the attack, including Gov. Kathy Hochul and President Biden, according to WGRZ. The television station reached out to Hochul’s office for comment, which replied, “Governor Hochul condemns violence of any kind, and the State Police stand ready to assist local authorities with the investigation.”