YouTube has deleted a video of testimony from a House select committee hearing probing the Capitol riots — because the platform said the posting advanced election misinformation. The clip, which was uploaded Tuesday by the Democrat-led Jan. 6 panel, was removed because it featured footage of then-President Donald Trump telling the Fox Business Network that the election had been stolen, the New York Times reported. The Google-owned platform insisted that the excerpt, which also included videotaped testimony from former Attorney General William Barr, violated its terms of service. The clip was no longer visible on the committee’s website as of Friday. “Our election integrity policy prohibits content advancing false claims that widespread fraud, errors or glitches changed the outcome of the 2020 U.S. presidential election, if it does not provide sufficient context,” YouTube spokeswoman Ivy Choi said. “We enforce our policies equally for everyone, and have removed the video uploaded by the Jan. 6 committee channel.” The excerpt in question didn’t include Barr’s belief, which he’d already stated several times in other clips of his testimony, that Trump’s stolen election claims were false. YouTube’s latest censorship move came just days after the video site deleted The Post’s interview with Jan. 6 rioter Aaron Mostofsky — which was conducted as the assault on the Capitol was happening — after claiming that he, too, was spouting “misinformation.” The interview with Mostofsky, the son of Brooklyn Judge Steven Mostofsky, was taken down from the personal YouTube channel of The Post reporter who conducted the interview. Even though the clip was used by federal prosecutors to help convict Mostofsky, YouTube took issue with the rioter saying he’d joined the first wave of intruders to storm the Capitol building because the election was “stolen.” Similarly to the Jan 6. committee clip, YouTube tried to justify its removal of the Mostofsky interview by claiming the video didn’t have enough “context” that explained the stolen election claims were false. The platform allowed a version of the video, which was posted on The Post’s official YouTube channel last week, to remain — even though the only difference was an added watermark.