Georgia rapper Trouble, who notably collaborated with Drake and The Weeknd, was shot dead in a home invasion early Sunday morning after a night of partying. He was 34 years old. The rapper’s label Def Jam Recordings confirmed the death of the star — whose real name is Mariel Semonte Orr — in an Instagram post Sunday afternoon. “Our thoughts and prayers are with the children, loved ones, and fans of Trouble,” they wrote of the artist who also went by the nickname Skoob. “A true voice for his city and an inspiration to the community he proudly represented. RIP Skoob.” The fatal shooting occurred just before 3:30 a.m. inside the Lake St. James apartment complex in Conyers, Georgia, according to the Rockdale County Sheriff’s office, Fox News reported. Investigators report that the Atlanta native had been shot once in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene. While no arrests have been made, authorities have since obtained arrest warrants for Atlanta’s Jamichael Jones, 33, who is wanted on allegations of murder, home invasion and aggravated assault. Authorities report that Orr had been staying with an unidentified female companion when Jones broke into the home and shot him. And while Jones and Orr did not know each other, the murder suspect had been involved in a “domestic dispute” with the woman, according to Jedidia Canty, the public information officer with the Rockdale County Sheriff’s Department. The Rockdale County Sheriff’s Office is unsure of Jones’ whereabouts at this time. Just hours before his death, Trouble had uploaded Instagram photos of himself drinking and laughing with friends at an undisclosed club. He was also seen in a video dancing while sitting in the bed of a pickup truck, per the Daily Mail. A month before his tragic death, Trouble had uploaded an Instagram post about life being too short. “Life short af dawg smh Neva know when yo numBa gon be called!” he wrote. “Be grateful. Forgive – Don’t forget.” Born Nov. 4, 1987, Orr debuted on the rap scene in 2011 with his breakout mixtape “December 17th,” which featured the likes of Yo Gotti, Waka Flocka Flame and Trae tha Truth. In 2018, Orr was signed by legendary producer Mike Will Made-It, who produced his flagship album “Edgewood,” which featured artists including Drake, The Weeknd, Quavo, Offset and Fetty Wap. The rap community was devastated over Orr’s untimely death, with Drake posting a commemorative image of the artist on Instagram, the Guardian reported. “God Bless The Dead,” wrote rapper Killer Mike on Twitter. “He was a good man. Gone to soon.” Rapper 2 Chainz, who collaborated with Orr on his 2020 album “Thug Luv,” also paid tribute to the fallen wordsmith on Twitter, writing: “Mannnn you had my crying laughing at P party bruuu, real solid individual, s – – t crazy we gotta post this s – – t, i swear I hate the devil man and he out here working overtime. praying for your family and peace my brother.”