Mayor Eric Adams publicly revealed Friday that as a troubled teenager his then-girlfriend opted to have an abortion after his arrest, offering the example as he also called for court packing to expand the US Supreme Court. Hizzoner called for politicians in Washington, D.C. to expand the high court, which is currently dominated by conservatives who also recently struck down New York’s tight gun permit laws, before it could do more “harm.” Adams said he was 15 at the time and just back from jail when, “Linda came to me and said, ‘Eric, I’m pregnant and look at your life,” he recounted for the first time publicly as he spoke on the steps of City Hall, where hundreds rallied following the ruling that knocked down Roe v. Wade. “She said Eric, you’re arrested, you’re not going to school, what future is this baby going to have,” the mayor continued. “She made the decision that was smart for both of us, she made the right call because she was empowered, she was in control.” The mayor called on Democrats in Washington to try and push ahead with a notion derided by critics as “court packing” that would add more seats to the Supreme Court to offset the 6 to 3 advantage Republicans have been able to secure on the court. “The expansion of the Supreme Court is crucial,” Adams said, responding to questions from reporters. “We need to balance out this court before they do more harm than what they’ve done thus far.” Get The Post’s latest updates following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.  The 61-year-old stepped up to the podium after seven of his top deputies — all women — took to the microphone to condemn the Supreme Court’s decision, three of whom revealed their decisions to terminate their pregnancies. “Being a mother is the best job I’ve ever had, and I’ve loved it so much. But when I was 18 years old, I was not ready to be a mom,” said a visibly emotional Anne Williams-Isom, the deputy mayor who oversees the Big Apple’s sprawling public health and social services apparatus. “If I did not have access to a safe affordable abortion, I would not be here with you all today,” she continued. “I wouldn’t have the life that I wanted to have. I wouldn’t be the mother that I wanted to be.”