New York Post readers can get a risk-free first bet of up to $1,000 to use on the NBA finals   when they sign up to BetMGM using the promo code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with some exciting NBA clashes on display. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. With a 3-2 series lead, the Warriors are just one win away from earning their fourth NBA title in the last eight seasons, and the Dubs will look to complete the mission on the road with Game 6 in Boston on Thursday night. Despite a third quarter comeback by Boston, the Warriors held off the Celtics for a 104-94 win in Game 5 of the NBA Finals on Monday evening at Chase Center. Andrew Wiggins led the Dubs in both scoring with 26 points, and 13 rebounds while Klay Thompson splashed five 3-pointers on his way to 21 points. If the Celtics have any chance of winning on Thursday, they will need their bench to step up and force the Warriors to defend them. In Game 5, Derrick White and Grant Williams were non-existent, scoring a combined four points (1-of-6 FG, 0-of-4 from three) in 37 minutes. White and Williams were outscored and outplayed by Jordan Poole and Gary Payton II (20 points, 10-of-16 FG, 4-of-9 from three). The Celtics must avoid a repeat of the Game 5 circumstances, or else they find themselves in trouble. The equation is simple for Boston Celtics, win to keep the series alive. The Warriors wrapped up the 2018 NBA Championship in just four games in 2018, and they can lift their 7th NBA Title with a win on Thursday night. Neutrals will be hoping the Celtics can force a Game 7, and send the NBA season right down to the wire. 21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.