Yoda said size matters not. But when a family of “Star Wars” fans built their Disney World dream home, they had Han Solo, not the pint-sized Jedi Master, on their minds. The result? An 11,000-square-foot Mediterranean mansion complete with a Millennium Falcon-themed theater. “The theater actually has a life-sized Chewbacca the owners had made as an exact replica of the original,” said Chris Christensen, one of the property’s listing agents. The one-of-a-kind property — which hit the market last week — is listed at $15 million. It has seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and too many movie accents to count. There’s even a marble reproduction of Cinderella’s fireplace. The homeowners are not only loyal to the Light Side, they proudly fly the flag of the owner of the “Star Wars” franchise. “The family loves Disney,” explained Christensen, who says the current owners live there full time. It makes sense. You’d have to be a card-carrying member of the Mickey Mouse Club to want to live at Walt Disney World Resort. The house, which was built in 2019 and looks like it could have been a two-story Olive Garden in a past life, sits on a 0.75-acre lot just off the resort’s exclusive Enchanted Oak Drive. According to Christensen, most of the homes in the ‘hood have some sort of Disney influence as it attracts homeowners who live and breathe all things happily ever after. Less than a mile away, this six-bed, six-bath home complete with a Mickey Mouse suite can be yours for just $16 million. Imagineers even took a break from bringing us the next Space Mountain and Tower of Terror to help design the residence. Disney architects weighed in, too. Their touches can be seen in the custom Disney-themed stained-glass windows and the entryway’s grand staircase. Both seem to pay homage to “Beauty and the Beast.” Meanwhile, “Cars” fans will appreciate the property’s four separate garages. They have car lifts so in theory, you can stack your BMW on top of your Bentley (or vice versa depending on what you’re driving more lately). The property’s outdoor spaces include a “sparkling” free form pool, rock waterfall waterslide, summer kitchen and a covered courtyard with a sitting room featuring a fiber-optic starlit ceiling. There’s also a detached studio guesthouse. Inside the home, highlights include a game room, custom Swarovski crystal chandelier, Remy-approved chef’s kitchen with “exotic granite countertops” and a master suite boasting two gas fireplaces (because apparently it does get cold in Florida). In the evening, soak in the hot tub and enjoy the free nightly fireworks show courtesy of your neighbor, Epcot. HOA fees aren’t cheap — expect to pay $8,000 a year — but they’re nothing compared to the $19,000 a year you’ll have to fork over for a mandatory country club membership. It’s a lot, but if you’re down for the dues you’ll get access to a community pool and patio, a 24/7 fitness center, a family area and three restaurants including a tapas joint just for the 21-and-over crowd. Since the club is members-only you don’t even need to worry about running into the riffraff from the Four Seasons across the pond on Dream Tree Boulevard. If it’s so idyllic, why do the owners have their “Star Wars” fairytale for sale? Christensen says they’re looking to downsize. Always right, is Yoda.