Want to wrap up a blowout, curls and a straightening session all in one go? If yes, then you need a multitasking hair tool. The Dyson Airwrap is of course the name of that game right now, having just released the new Dyson Airwrap multi-styler complete for summer 2022. However, since that tool and the original Airwrap are selling out faster than you can say “multi-styler complete,” you may need to turn to some other hair styling tools to get the job done. Also, since the Dyson fleet of hair stylers are on the more pricey side, retailing between $400 and $600, we wanted to share some more affordable options that pack a similar punch when it comes to all-in-one styling devices. Read on for our top picks for Dyson dupes, including brands like Revlon, DryBar and more. Get salon-quality hair in just one step with the Revlon One-Step Volumizer. We actually had the pleasure of trying this baby out ourselves, leaving our editors in love with the results and also the price, at just $40. Read the full review here, and then grab one in pink, purple or red at Walmart. Get the look for less with L’ange Le Duo, coming in a big and a smaller version. The multitasking tool can both curl and straighten hair with ease. Like the Airwrap, it also uses cool air to lock in your style, making for bouncy curls or voluminous waves that last. You can cancel your next blowout now that this tool exists. The newest tool to hit the DryBar shelves is this three-in-one blow dryer brush, that comes with three interchangeable brush heads for drying, adding volume, smoothing and more. It’s currently sold at Sephora, coming with all of the attachments and a free gift with purchase. Find some zen when it comes to effortless curls with this Chi curling device. Like the Airwrap, the styling tool is pretty automatic, sucking the hair into the chamber, where it is then curled to perfection in an instant. It can also be used for looser waves and has three preset temperatures for all hair types. Get curls and waves in one go with this styler from NuMe. The wand has a 45mm barrel for curls galore, and can then be unlocked to show the additional plates for waves and a crimping effect. This dupe is pretty identical looking to the Airwrap, even coming in the same magenta pink as the original. The Walmart blowdryer comes with five interchangeable attachments, including a dryer, brush and two rotating curling heads. Even better, TikTok has tried this dupe for us and more than 109 thousand people seem to like it. Go above and beyond normal styling with this hot tool that can do it all. The Conair device is a three-in-one, with a curling barrel, a hot brush and a barrel brush for curls, waves, straight hair and volume. This is another Post editor favorite! We tried the T3 AireBrush Duo back in 2021 and still love it for the curls and straightening powers it has in the paddle and round brush attachments. For the best in all things blowdrying, head to Best Buy for this Shark product. The HyperAir uses high-velocity heated air and ionized air to give you a blowout in no time. Then, use the other attachment for precise styling of curls, waves or straight hair. New to Ulta Beauty, check out this iconic ionic hot brush for your blowout and styling needs. The BaByliss brand styler comes with a 2.5-inch round barrel brush to help you achieve sleek waves or curls in no time, with three temperature controls and a removable filter for cleaning. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.  