If you love shopping, you probably get a rush when you have the chance to try out the latest and greatest items on the market — especially when a brand you already love drops a new product or line. Who doesn’t want to know about the trendy new Milk Makeup release or the latest edition of Reebok adaptive shoes now available online today? With so many new products, brands and categories booming, it can be difficult to know which ones are worth your money. After all, you don’t want to drop your wallet on something that just doesn’t quite cut it. In an effort to help you dial down on the research and roundup the best product launches happening right now, the New York Post Commerce team scoured the web for all of the best new products across beauty, style, home and more. Chose a section below to shop this article by category: “Get locked and loaded with this mattifying and bluring primer from Milk Makeup. I’m completely obsessed with it, as it makes my skin smooth, ready for makeup and oil-free. So do yourself a favor and add this to your cary ASAP.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “Okay, it’s time to hit ‘add to cart’ in the fastest way possible. Benefit Cosmetics just dropped 12 – we repeat 12 — new blushes to shop ASAP, most of which are offered at Sephora. From its precious Dandelion Baby-Pink Blush to its vibrant, summertime-ready WanderFul World Silky-Soft Powder Blush, you’ll be primed and prepped for daytime and evening glam alike.” — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter Packed with delicious themed products, such as Thin Mint eyeshadow and Coconut Caramel makeup, this set is everything. Shop lipsticks, palettes and more.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “Be confident and glow in the skin you’re in. That is the mission at Glow Recipe, especially during Pride Month this June. In honor of the LGBTQ+ community, they are donating 100% of Glow With Pride Watermelon Pore-Tight Toner profits to LGBTQ+ nonprofit organizations. The new formula helps hydrate skin and tighten pores, leaving a glowing complexion. We also reviewed Glow Recipe here, should you need any more convincing.” — Sophie Cannon, commerce reporter “This essence is everything. Simply add a few drops to your hands and pat it straight onto your skin for a hydrated, luminous glow. It’s even taken place of my morning moisturizer!” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “On June 1, Italian-made sneaker brand, P448, released their Limitless Collection, a line of genderless shoes featuring a full-size range, starting at EU35 and going all the way through EU50. The line includes 40 various pieces and was curated with everyone in mind. Best of all, this collection is sticking around for good.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “Get into the swing of things with this new take on what a golf outfit should be. Devereux is changing the game (pun intended) with their new Staff Player Collection of polo shirts, graphic tees, sweatshorts for after the game and some other golf accessories you need in your golf bag.” — Sophie Cannon, commerce reporter “Reebok is taking strides towards inclusivity with their all new Fit to Fit adaptive footwear collection. The line aims to ‘enhance the quality of life for everyone, by providing functional products that don’t compromise style or performance,’ said the press release. The collection is available in a range of colors and mixed sizes.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “If you’re on the market for a boho-minded, on-trend women’s pajama set, Lunya has you covered with its latest launch: fringe! From soft-to-the-touch silk matching sets (which have ‘at-home date night’ written all over them) to the unbeatable getting-ready chic robe, we’re eyeing this collection from head to toe.” — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter “Something strange is coming to Quicksilver’s shelves and we think you should tune in. In honor of Stranger Things season 4, Quicksilver is launching five different capsules and collections for men and women who are fans of the show.” — Sophie Cannon, commerce reporter “The upcoming Quiksilver apparel collections will include exclusive, era-specific wardrobe pieces seen on screen, fashion-forward men’s and women’s apparel, and surf-inspired ‘80s infused items,'” reads the brand’s press release. Available in five vibrant and classic colors, these Allbirds sandals are the only shoes you need this summer. They’re made with a sugarcane-based material that’s soft, cushiony and perfect.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “In honor of Pride Month, Abercrombie is teaming up with The Trevor Project, the largest suicide prevention nonprofit, in its latest capsule collection. From the rainbow ombre Pride Hoodie ($70) to wonderfully made Pride YPB Bike Shorts ($50), the styles (in multicolor, confetti-like hues) are unbeatable.”  — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter “As we’re gearing up for scenic nature hikes and boating adventures (perhaps with some of the best men’s shorts and linen tees we rounded up), we need to give you the 411 on one of the most epic collabs to date: Herschel Supply Co. x Sperry. Home to some of our favorite backpacks, the premium brand is going all-in with the Poster Brand for Boating Shoes, launching the Authentic Original 2-Eye Boat Shoe ($155) and the Authentic Original Lug Chukka ($225).” — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter The Australian eyewear brand QUAY has launched its Pride Collection in partnership with GLSEN, ‘an organization leading the movement in creating a more inclusive educational environment in K-12 schools for LGBTQIA+ youth,’ according to the press release. Best of all, QUAY will be donating 100% of proceeds up to $100K to the organization during pride month.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “We’re likely Brooklinen’s No. 1 fans (just read our review of the Luxe Core Sheet Set for proof), and we nearly jumped out of our seats when we discovered the beautiful, limited-edition colorway in collaboration with NYC-based textile designer Alexandra Karamallis. In short, it’s time for a summertime refresh.” — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter “Get cooking with Selena Gomez in the first celebrity partnership of Our Place history. Two new limited-edition colors have been added to the Always Pan and Perfect Pot collection, inspired by the ‘Selena + Chef’ star’s hispanic culture and widely successful cosmetics company, Rare Beauty. Get the stunning bright blue Azul and berry-pink Rosa while you still can, with 10% of profits going to Gomez’s Rare Impact Fund — a non-profit dedicated to expanding mental health services for young people.” — Sophie Cannon, commerce reporter “Meet the brand that brought me my daily planner and favorite list pads: Papier. For its new stationery collab with designer Rejina Pyo, it’s not just a celebration of hand-painted, bold prints — it’s a celebration of AAPI Heritage Month which was honored throughout May (though we’re celebrating AAPI voices every day).” — Victoria Giardina, commerce reporter “Two of my all-time favorite brands, Baked By Melissa and Wölffer have joined forces to kick of summer with their Summer in a Cupcake collection. The Baked by Melissa x Wölffer Estate Summer in a Cupcake collection features a Rosé Cupcake inspired by Wölffer’s signature rosé. The collection offers four different cupcake packs.” — Ruby McAuliffe, commerce reporter “Get cooking with the Minions, no bananas needed. In the first ever movie partnership for the brand, HelloFresh has teamed up with the adorable yellow Minions for the pizza party of the year. In honor of “Minions: The Rise of Gru” in theaters July 1, make your own Minions-shaped pizzas with Hello Fresh, on the Marketplace menu now, for delivery the weeks of June 18 and June 25.  The best part? Each order comes with two free tickets to see the film once it hits the big screen.” — Sophie Cannon, commerce reporter Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.