Mask-wearing will soon be optional for New York City toddlers in schools and day care facilities, Mayor Eric Adams announced Thursday — about two weeks before the last scheduled day of classes. The controversial face-covering mandate for youngsters ages 2 to 4 in public schools and other city-run settings will be lifted beginning Monday, June 13, he revealed in a press release. The last day of class in city Department of Education schools is set for June 27. “I have always said that the science will guide us out of the pandemic, and because we have followed the data, which shows that cases are steadily falling, we‘ve beaten back the latest COVID-19 surge,” Adams said in a prepared statement. The mayor had initially announced the impending end to the policy two months ago. On Thursday, he said City Hall continues to “strongly” recommend that “New Yorkers of all ages continue to wear masks indoors.” The city will keep providing masks at DOE schools for those who want to wear them, according to the statement. “I’m with New York City parents and New Yorkers can trust this administration to continue to make the proper public health decisions to keep our kids safe,” he said. The lifting of the mask requirement for children under five — who are not yet eligible to receive a COVID-19 vaccine — comes more than three months after Adams lifted the rule for older students, who can get their shots. Adams had promised in late March that the rules for the Big Apple’s youngest students and day care attendees would be removed starting April 4 — but backtracked on the move soon after amid an uptick in coronavirus cases. In April, Hizzoner said he wanted to lift the mask mandate for tots “within a week or so,” as parents staged protests and demanded to meet with the mayor and the city health commissioner. But Adams didn’t follow through that time frame. A month later, City Hall announced masks would no longer be required in outdoor school areas like playgrounds — but maintained the mandate for indoor settings. In a front-page Post story last week, fed-up parents ripped Adams for still not nixing the mandate, with one father labeling the mayor not pulling the trigger “absurdity.” As of Monday, New York City’s seven-day overall COVID-19 positivity rate average was 7.56%, a decline from the more than 9% peak in mid-May — but up significantly from the below 3% positivity rates reported in April, health department data showsIn mid-May, the city health department determined that the risk of the spread of COVID-19 was “high” as cases climbed but hospitalizations stayed low, but Adams opted not to bring back an indoor-setting mask mandate as the color-coded alert level guidelines advised.