After spinning a gem against the Orioles in his last start, Cleveland’s Shane Bieber will look to continue his roll-on Wednesday night when he leads the Guardians against the Texas Rangers. Bieber’s one-run, 11-strikeout performance against Baltimore was his fourth straight quality start, but the 27-year-old right-hander still has a little bit more work to do to convince the baseball world that he’s back to the level we’ve grown accustomed to seeing from him over the past few seasons. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: TEX -1.5 (+125) vs. CLE +1.5 (-155) Moneyline: TEX (+135) vs. CLE (-165) Total: Over 7 (-120) | Under 7 (+100) Bieber checked into Opening Day as the second-favorite at +600 to win the Cy Young Award, but a rocky (by his standards) start to the season has him out at +2200 as we head towards the Dog Days. And while Bieber’s last four outings look great on paper — he allowed six earned runs on 24 hits and seven walks while striking out 33 batters in 28 innings — the quality of competition does leave something to be desired. You can only beat the team in front of you, but three of Bieber’s last four starts came against the Tigers and Orioles. The Rangers are not a robust offensive team by any stretch, but they’re better than Baltimore and Detroit; plus, they have a couple of key players that are trending up after some early-season struggles. If this offense was going up against the Bieber of 2020 or early 2021, it might be a different story, but this version of Bieber is good, not elite, which means bettors can find some decent spots to fade him as he’s still being priced like one of the game’s most dominant arms. According to Baseball Savant, Bieber ranks in the 34th percentile in Exit Velocity, 38th percentile in Hard Hit Rate, and 30th percentile in Barrel Percentage. Bieber is still getting whiffs, but not like he was last season. His average fastball is down 2 MPH, and his strikeout rate has ticked down to 25.1% from 33.1% in 2021. Bieber will still be the A-side in most pitching matchups and should be given some benefit of the doubt,q considering the level he was at over the past two years. Still, Wednesday seems like a good opportunity to try and beat him, especially since his counterpart, Dane Dunning, is posting decent numbers to start this season. Dunning has posted a 4.11 ERA in 61.1 innings for the Rangers this season, but his 3.31 xFIP is right on target with Bieber’s and suggests that his ERA should start to trend better as the year goes on. In fact, a lot of Dunning’s predictive profile suggests he’s basically been pitching on par with Bieber through the first two months of the campaign. The two righties strike out and walk batters at a similar rate, though Dunning does give up the long ball with more frequency. The Guardians’ offense does pose a threat against right-handed pitching this season, but it’s not like they’re off the charts. It’s certainly a manageable assignment for Dunning, who looks to be an improved pitcher from 2021. Coming off of four strong performances, the market is back to pricing Bieber like he’s a Cy Young candidate, but there’s reason to doubt that is the case. The Rangers look like a live underdog on the road on Wednesday night. Rangers +135 (BetMGM)