ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Gerrit Cole made a run at history on Monday — and then the Yankees got a huge hit from Aaron Hicks and a gutsy performance from Wandy Peralta to hold on and beat the Rays, 4-2. After Cole took a no-hitter into the eighth inning, the Yankees gave back a two-run lead, but Hicks — in the midst of a rough season — delivered an RBI triple in the top of the ninth for the go-ahead run. Jose Trevino followed with a sacrifice fly to score Hicks to give the Yankees a two-run lead. The Yankees held on in the bottom of the inning, as Wandy Peralta rebounded from his poor outing in Toronto on Sunday and got out of a two-on, one-out jam to pick up the save. “When we can answer like that, it’s special kind of stuff,’’ Cole said of the team’s ability to win another close game. “It’s gonna fall on Hicks sometimes, fall on [Giancarlo Stanton], fall on [Aaron] Judge. A lot of different guys.” After Hicks put the Yankees up and Trevino’s sacrifice fly added an insurance run, Peralta walked Vidal Brujan to lead off the bottom of the inning. With one out, Isaac Paredes hit a grounder to third, but instead of a potential game-ending double play, DJ LeMahieu threw wildly to second and everyone was safe. Peralta struck out Josh Lowe for the second out and got Francisco Mejia to fly out for the save after Clay Holmes had faltered in the eighth. With the win, the Yankees improved to 50-17, matching 1998 for the third-best 67-game start in franchise history. They’ve won 10 of 11 and avoided losing consecutive games, which they haven’t done since dropping a pair to the Rays here May 28-29. And they bumped their lead in the division back to 12 games over Toronto, matching a season-high. Cole and Tampa Bay lefty Shane McClanahan were locked in a pitchers’ duel for much of the night, as Cole, who earlier this month took a perfect game into the seventh against the Tigers, didn’t allow a hit to the Rays until Paredes led off the bottom of the eighth with a clean single to center. After Lowe flied out to deep center, where Aaron Judge made a fine running catch, Holmes came in and gave up a pinch-hit double to Mejia, sending Paredes to third. Paredes scored on a Yandy Diaz chopper. Holmes got Manuel Margot to hit a slow grounder, but it went for an infield hit to score Mejia and tie the game at 2-2. It was the first run given up by Holmes since his first outing of the year, snapping a streak of 29 consecutive appearances without allowing a run — which broke Mariano Rivera’s franchise record. Cole fanned a season-high 12 against a reeling Rays team that has lost six of seven. He walked Ji-Man Choi with two outs in the bottom of the first and struck out the next six batters and eight of the next nine. The Yankees gave Cole an early lead when Anthony Rizzo hit a two-out solo homer in the first, his fourth homer in five games. McClanahan then retired 11 in a row until Donaldson and Hicks singled with one out in the fifth. Trevino drew a four-pitch walk to load the bases for Marwin Gonzalez. McClanahan got Gonzalez to hit into an inning-ending double play. The Yankees threatened again in the seventh, when Ryan Thompson replaced McClanahan and Gleyber Torres led off with a double to right. With Donaldson up, Torres stole third without a throw, forcing the Rays to bring the infield in. But Donaldson and Hicks both struck out looking before Trevino hit a chopper toward shortstop. Brujan made a nice play and throw, but Choi dropped it, which allowed Torres to score and the Yankees to go up, 2-0. “It shows what this team is about,’’ Judge said. “We don’t live or die by the long ball. We’re just a good all-around team.”