Big Tech’s partisan censors have struck again. This time it was YouTube’s hatchet-men scrubbing The Post’s widely watched interview of fur-clad Capitol rioter Aaron Mostofsky outside the Senate chamber on Jan. 6, 2021. They’re doing their viewers (and the rest of the country) a grave disservice. In the interview, which was clearly labeled as journalism, Mostofsky says he came to the Capitol because he believed the 2020 election “was stolen” — that President Donald Trump got “close to 85 million” votes, far more than in official results. YouTube deemed that “misinformation,” in violation of its policy against “false claims that widespread fraud, errors or glitches changed the outcome” of the 2020 presidential election. Yes, Mostofsky was clearly wrong, but hearing him spout off is information in itself: This is what the rioters were telling each other; you get to see how nutty they were. (Again, the guy’s in fur.) And he was one of the few rioters interviewed on film in the Capitol that day, making the video an important part of the historical record. Indeed, it figured prominently in Trump’s 2021 Senate impeachment trial. It’s an important piece of journalism. If YouTube banned every post with “misinformation,” much of its content would come down, including every speech from President Joe “Putin’s price hike” Biden. But notice how Big Tech’s “fact checks” only cut one way.  Footage of Hillary Clinton claiming the 2016 election was “stolen” and Trump was an “illegitimate president” remains up on YouTube, as do Stacey Abrams’ claims that she was robbed of the Georgia governorship. Post reporting keeps getting squelched: Facebook nixed a 2020 opinion column that merely said COVID might have come from a Chinese lab. Both Facebook and Twitter suppressed our stories off Hunter Biden’s laptop — censorship that conceivably shifted the 2020 result in some close states, though every bit of our reporting has held up from the start and the rest of the media now admit it. Big Tech’s selective censorship has undermined its credibility and had the exact opposite effect: More than ever, when told something is the “truth” by the elites, people are sure they’re being lied to.