Billionaire Elon Musk confirmed his official political stance on Wednesday morning, revealing he made the plunge into his first-ever vote for a Republican candidate and hopes to do the same in his vote for Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis for president in 2024. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO said he cast his ballot for the first Mexican-born congresswoman, Mayra Flores, who emerged victorious in Tuesday’s special election. “I voted for Mayra Flores – first time I ever voted Republican. Massive red wave in 2022,” Musk tweeted. Flores on Tuesday defeated the leading Democratic candidate for an open congressional seat in a historically blue region of South Texas. She garnered about 51% of the vote to top Dan Sanchez, who received 43% of the vote with all precincts reporting. “For over 100 years, we have been taken for granted,” she told her supporters after the win. “I will show you what real representation looks like. I will represent all people.” After revealing his vote for Flores, Musk confirmed his plans to vote for Republican hopeful DeSantis. The governor and potential presidential candidate sparked controversy after signing in March the Parental Rights in Education bill, which liberal and left-wing critics have derisively referred to as the “Don’t Say Gay” law. One fan questioned if Musk would ever consider voting for tech entrepreneur Andrew Yang. “I supported Yang last time, but DeSantis has a better chance of winning,” Musk tweeted in response. Yang dropped out of last year’s New York City mayoral race after results showed him in a distant fourth place in the Democratic primary. “I am not going to be the next mayor of New York City, based upon the numbers that have come in,” Yang told supporters after seeing the results. DeSantis is the favorite to emerge victorious in November’s re-election, which he could then use as momentum for a 2024 run. In a follow-up tweet, Musk revealed plans to create a “Super Moderate Super PAC.” After a fan asked him if his “political donations will be evenly spread out,” Musk responded on Twitter, “I’m thinking of creating a ‘Super Moderate Super PAC’ that supports candidates with centrist views from all parties.”