A Redditor has claimed he’s found a camera that his girlfriend apparently used to spy on him. The horrible discovery has sparked fury as social media users urged the man to split up with his partner. The Redditor revealed that he has been in a relationship with an older woman for a year. He said they are together 24/7 whenever she’s not working. But he claimed she has been “living in fear” that he would cheat on her. He said it’s fueled her stress-induced eczema. The man posted in the thread: “She stresses really hard about it even though I am completely innocent.” The Redditor revealed that he discovered a camera, which sparked fury online. He explained the device acted as a “form of comfort” for his partner, adding that she’s been left crushed following the find. The boyfriend claimed the camera helped lower her stress levels. He admitted that he had given his partner his phone and computer passwords in a desperate attempt to reassure her. The Redditor said: “I’ve told her to call or FaceTime me anytime she gets worried but nothing seems to help.” Dozens have said the device is a sign that she doesn’t trust her partner as they urged him to end the relationship. One said: “God f**king damn I would have called (the) police and got the f**k out. BREAK UP.” Another user described the camera as the “next level” as the relationship was described as toxic online. Others said the situation would only improve if the couple decided to part ways. One Redditor vented: “You help her by breaking up. This is not healthy or sustainable.” They claimed: “Now she’s spying on you, breaking boundaries, and has no trust in you. “If there’s no trust there’s no relationship.” Despite the fury among Redditors, the man said he’s sticking by his girlfriend. He posted: “I’m not going to break up with her because a bunch of people on the internet insisted I have to.” We revealed how a TikToker used a hidden camera to catch his sister allegedly stealing his money. But furious social media users accused him of planting a trap. And, a woman claimed she had found a hidden camera disguised as a charger in the bathroom of an Airbnb apartment in Texas. This story originally appeared on the Sun and was reproduced here with permission.