Harry Styles is fast becoming Hollywood’s hottest actor. The British pop sensation, 28, is sending fans into a frenzy following Wednesday’s release of a teaser trailer for his forthcoming film “My Policeman.” The romantic drama sees Styles play a married cop who embarks on a gay affair with a museum curator in 1950s England. The 60-second trailer — which racked up more than 115,000 views in just a few hours — shows the One Direction alum steaming up the screen with male co-star David Dawson as their characters try to conceal their scandalous same-sex relationship. The homoerotic trailer proved too much for many viewers, who flooded Twitter to express their emotions. “The way [Dawson] grabs [Styles’] neck. I AM NOT READY FOR THIS MOVIE,” one  breathlessly wrote. “I have never waited so long for a movie and seeing this teaser makes me want to see it even more,” another fawned. The movie also stars “The Crown’s” Emma Corrin, who plays Marion, the woman married to Styles’ cop character, Tom. Corrin and Styles are seen sharing a kiss in the trailer as their characters tie the knot — but their romance soon seems to be threatened by Tom’s torrid affair. “My Policeman” is based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Bethan Roberts. Styles previously revealed he will flash his bare bottom in the film. The movie is set for release in November — just two months after Styles makes his first- ever lead screen role in the psychological thriller “Don’t Worry Darling,” directed by his girlfriend, Olivia Wilde. Styles previously had a supporting role in 2017’s “Dunkirk,” and a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it part in last year’s “Eternals.” And while the superstar seems serious about pursuing a big-screen career, he’s currently focused on music, having just kicked off his 2022 global tour. The opening show was held in Scotland on Saturday — but things didn’t go smoothly. One fan at the gig ended up on life support after falling from a stadium balcony during Styles’ set. Thankfully, the concertgoer is expected to make a full recovery.