Tyreek Hill revealed on the newest episode of his podcast that he’s received death threats for claiming Tua Tagovailoa is more accurate than Patrick Mahomes. “Every social media account I own, I got death threats on,” Hill said. “Which is ridiculous. Which I love it, you know?” Hill – who signed the largest wide receiver contract in NFL history after being traded by the Kansas City Chiefs to the Miami Dolphins this offseason – first stirred the pot on the debut episode of “It Needed to Be Said,” in which he took a slight dig at his former quarterback. The wide receiver acknowledged Mahomes had “the strongest arm, but as far as accuracy-wise, I’m going with Tua all day.” Hill went on to predict that Mahomes would struggle without him, additionally claiming he was underused in Andy Reid’s scheme in spite of leading Kansas City with a career-high 111 catches in 2021. Less than two weeks later, the 28-year-old is seemingly backtracking. “I just feel like a lot of people overreacted for no reason,” Hill said Tuesday. “They really didn’t see what I said. A lot of people are just acting off emotion. “We all know Patrick Mahomes is great, we know that. But, right now, I’m going into a new season with a new quarterback who’s trying to head in the same direction as Patrick and do great things and lead this team to a Super Bowl championship – who is also great, in my opinion. He just doesn’t have the accolades yet.” Mahomes revealed last week that he was caught off guard by Hill’s comments, but understood that his former teammates’ statements likely “had something to do with trying to get his podcast some stuff and get it rolling.” He ended by saying it was still nothing but love between the once unstoppable tandem. Hill reiterated his former quarterback’s words on the most recent episode of his podcast, saying it was “tough” to leave Kansas City and Mahomes. “[Mahomes is] arguably one of the best quarterbacks in the league,” Hill said. “Top two, and he’s not two.” Hill’s shocking departure to Miami had nothing to do with Mahomes, who the wide receiver asserted he would never badmouth. Instead, his decision to become a Dolphin was based on his family’s best interests. “If anyone want to give me heat for doing what’s best for me and my family, go ahead and give me heat, baby,” Hill said. “You can all talk trash to me all day, yada, yada, death threat to Mr. Cheetah. Whatever you want to say to Mr. Cheetah, you can do that, but please man, keep my family off-limits. That’s all I ask.”