The longtime Manhattan townhouse of the late Debbie Reynolds and daughter, the late Carrie Fisher, has hit the market for $11.5 million, The Post has learned. Located on the Upper East Side at 154 E. 74th St., Reynolds raised Carrie and her son, Todd Fisher, in the home throughout the 1970s. Made up of five bedrooms, the home spans over 4,275 square feet. “Perfectly updated with custom designer + craftsman details to create a beautiful marriage of old and new,” the listing notes. Comprising four floors, the first floor has a fully soundproofed grand media room, that is fully sound-automated with a projector and movie screen, as well as cork flooring. In Todd’s 2018 book “My Girls: A Lifetime with Carrie and Debbie,” he spoke of the significance of the projection room. According to him, it was a family tradition to watch movies in the room with popcorn and “real melted butter” because it was the only thing his mom could cook, back when popcorn was made in a pan. “It was a family tradition we continued for the rest of Mom’s and Carrie’s lives, and to this day I can’t watch a movie unless there’s a plenty of popcorn with real melted butter on hand,” he added. A second kitchen is also included on the ground floor. Meanwhile, French doors lead to the backyard and basketball court with an outdoor sitting area. On the second floor — the parlor level — is the chef’s kitchen, the dining area and a powder room. On the north end of the floor is the formal living room, complete with a working woodburning fireplace. The primary suite is located on the third floor, and comes with a gas fireplace. The ensuite bathroom has heated flooring, double vanities, and a separated water closet and a shower connected to a windowed dressing area/closet. There is another bedroom on the other end of the floor, but is currently being used as an office/library space. On the top floor, natural light floods the entire center from an expansive skylight. The other two bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms are located on this level and also come with heated floors. The front bedroom features exposed brick, and the back bedroom’s ensuite bath has a deep soaking tub with another skylight and fireplace. In the basement, there’s a 800-bottle wine cellar and a full laundry room. Todd has even more recollections of the home in his book. “My first birthday away from Greenway Drive. A car was waiting at JFK to take me and my luggage to 154 East 74th Street, the four-story brownstone between Third and Lexington where I’d be living with Mom and Carrie,” Todd wrote in his book. “There were two bedrooms on the fourth floor. One was Carrie’s. The other, when she was in town, was Joan Hackett’s.” Steve Halpern with Compass holds the listing. Carrie died on Dec. 27, 2016, four days following a medical emergency on a commercial flight from London to Los Angeles. The cause of death was listed as cardiac arrest, but noted that the exact death could not be determined. Sleep apnea and the buildup of fatty tissue on the walls of arteries were among the contributing factors. A full report from June 19, 2017, stated that the “Star Wars” actress had cocaine in her system, as well as traces of heroin, other opiates, and MDMA. She was 60 years old. A day after Carrie’s death, on Dec. 28, 2016, Reynolds passed away following a severe stroke at the age of 84. Todd had noted that Carrie’s death was partially responsible for her stroke. In October 2021, Reynolds’ Los Angeles home hit the market. Todd revealed that she had revealed “I want to be with Carrie,” shortly before her passing.