No team in baseball history ever has gone two straight games without registering a hit. For a while Sunday, it appeared the team with the best record in baseball and the most runs scored in the American League just might become the first. One day after three Houston pitchers tossed a combined no-hitter against the Yankees, righty Jose Urquidy carried another no-no bid into the seventh inning. But Aaron Boone’s first-place team rallied from a three-run deficit — and pulled out a split of a key four-game series against the nemesis Astros — on Aaron Judge’s walk-off homer for a gutty 6-3 win in 10 innings to provide a jubilant celebration at the Stadium. October can’t arrive soon enough. “I’ve been saying it for years, it doesn’t matter what the score is, what’s happened the [day] before in the series. Every time we get up there we have a chance to win a ballgame,” Judge said after his second walk-off homer of the season and second game-ending hit of this series. “I think the fans just know that these two teams, we’re gonna be seeing each other a lot down the road. “We’ve seen each other a lot in years past in the postseason. Anytime we play, it’s always gonna be a good ballgame. I think the fans anticipate that and they bring their energy from the first pitch on. That’s what you love, you look forward to playing good teams, and seeing where you stack up in the AL.” Boone attempted to downplay the significance of the win and the series split, calling it “not as important as probably a lot of people think.” Still, the Yanks (53-20) were eliminated by the Astros in the ALCS in both 2017 and 2019 and they fully appear to be on another potential collision course for the postseason with the AL West leaders. “We’re a really good team. And if we would have lost three out of four, swept four, got swept, nothing changes,” Boone said. “We expect to be a great team. Our goal is to be a championship team. And nothing here in a series in June was going to alter that. The messages and all that … we’re here to play. We have a great team and we know it. That’s our focus.” Yankees starter Nestor Cortes was focused on bouncing back from a rare rocky start in which he was tagged for three home runs in 4 ¹/₃ innings in a 5-4 loss to the Rays. The lefty was rocked for a first-pitch homer by Jose Altuve in the first inning, and departed trailing by three runs after five. Altuve, who also had homered in the eighth inning of Saturday’s game, again heard heavy boos and vulgar chants of his last name all weekend from the Stadium crowd for his part in the Astros’ sign-stealing scandal. Giancarlo Stanton finally gave the home fans reason to cheer when he broke up Urquidy’s no-hit bid with a one-out home run to center in the seventh, ending a 16-inning hitless string for the Yanks since Friday night’s eighth inning. “We saw it, we noticed the innings piling up, for sure. But you can’t panic in that time,” Stanton said. “We were no-hit until the seventh and we ended up winning the game. “We take that mentality, it just takes one, one at a time, and it showed today. We were able to get it done. … As long as we got an out left we have a chance to win.” DJ LeMahieu also clocked a two-run shot off Phil Maton to forge a 3-3 in the eighth, before Judge won it in the 10th with a three-run blast to left off reliever Seth Martinez — his MLB-leading 28th of the season — to complete the Yanks’ MLB-high 22nd comeback victory of the season. Michael King had worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the top of the 10th to help the Yanks avoid their second three-game losing streak of the season. “We’re unfazed. That group is unfazed. We certainly respect everyone and know that we’re playing the Astros, that’s a great opponent. But we also don’t sweat anyone,” Boone said. “We do a good job of whatever situation we’re in, just keep playing.”