With the U.S. Open now in the rear-view mirror, we’ve now reached the top of the stretch for the 2022 PGA TOUR season. After a tough test last week, The Travelers Championship will represent a change of pace for the field, as TPC River Highlands is one of the shortest courses on the calendar. Usually we see a lot of stars take the week after a major off, but we’re working with a pretty decent field in Connecticut this week, with Rory McIlroy (+800), Scottie Scheffler (+800), Patrick Cantlay (+1200), Sam Burns (+1600) and Jordan Spieth (+1800) topping the board. Despite a pretty deep field, the week after a major — especially one as grueling as the U.S. Open — is a pretty good spot to pick out a couple of longshots, with odds from BetMGM. If you’re someone who likes to weigh course history, Brendan Steele could be your guy this week. Steele has made nine trips to TPC River Highlands in his career and has finished inside the top-25 on seven occasions, including a sixth and fifth-place finish. In addition to his superlative record here, Steele is also in good form after finishing T9 at the PGA Championship and T10 at the Memorial. While plenty of players at the top of the board will come into this weekend off a tough weekend in Boston, Brendan Steele wasn’t in the field for the U.S. Open so he should be fresh and capable of making some noise at one of his favorite places to play. There’s a time and place for betting on Kevin Kisner and, despite coming into Connecticut in poor form, TPC River Highlands is the perfect course for the Georgia Bulldog to find his game. Kisner finished T5 in this event in 2021 and T15 in 2019, so his skillset — which is predicated on around-the-green play — clearly fits this track. If Sahith Theegala had more of a track record, he would not be listed this far down the oddsboard. The 24-year-old TOUR rookie made some waves early in the season with a third-place finish at the Waste Management Open, but since then he’s been a bit inconsistent — which is to be expected out of someone in his first go-round in the big leagues. Even with those inconsistencies, Theegala has missed just one cut in his last 10 starts and finished T5 at the Memorial three weeks ago. Another PGA TOUR rookie, Hayden Buckley has shown a low floor and high ceiling in his debutante season. You know you’re going to need to take the bad with the good when it comes to betting players like Buckley, but at 400/1 you can look past his 13 missed cuts and instead focus on the fact that Buckley was sensational at the U.S. Open and even held the lead late into Friday evening. If Buckley is able to ride the momentum from his T14 finish at The Country Club he’s well worth a shot at a gigantic price.