Washington Commanders head coach Ron Rivera explained in a press conference Tuesday why he fined defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio $100,000 for his recent comments, in which Del Rio called the Jan. 6 Capitol riots a “dust-up.” “This is not [about] the fact that he exercised his right to free speech,” Rivera told reporters. “This is about what impacted the football team.” “I believe in the first amendment very strongly,” Rivera continued, adding that he “stood next to Eric Reid when he took a knee” in 2016 — when Reid joined his then-San Francisco 49ers teammate Colin Kaepernick in kneeling during the national anthem to protest police violence and social injustice. “But the thing that we all have to understand with these rights, these freedoms come [with] tremendous responsibility, and we have to understand that as well. This is about the impact that was made on our football team, the distraction it has become. It’s a very serious question and topic, but at the end of the day, it did impact us, and that’s why I did what I did.” Rivera said he spoke with Del Rio and had a great conversation about the situation, adding that the two had spoken as recently as Tuesday morning ahead of the team’s three-day mandatory minicamp. Del Rio addressed the team Tuesday morning and had conversations with individual players about the matter. Rivera said that Del Rio “was very open, forthright and apologized” to the team before he  “opened himself up to questions and offered for players to meet with him. “He’s already met with players about what was said, and I’ve been told those meetings went very well.” Del Rio’s $100,000 fine will be donated directly to the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund. Del Rio tweeted an apology last week after being fined and backtracked on his earlier remarks. “I made comments earlier today in referencing the attack that took place on the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021. Referencing that situation as a dust-up was irresponsible and negligent and I am sorry,” Del Rio wrote on Twitter. “I stand by my comments condemning violence in communities across the country. I say that while also expressing my support as an American citizen for peaceful protest in our country. I have fully supported all peaceful protests in America. I love, respect, and support all my fellow coaches, players, and staff that I work with and respect their views and opinions.” Del Rio later deleted his Twitter account after the fallout from his comments, which included him comparing the Capitol riots to the reaction to George Floyd’s murder in 2020. Rivera said Tuesday that Del Rio made the decision to delete his Twitter account and was not a request by the team.