Long gone are the days of the clunky, can’t-move-around vacuum monsters that have you schlepping a heavy sucker from room to room. Now, the buffet of vacuums on the market comes in an array of high-tech features, including cord-free vacuums that can have your rugs and floors spotless in minutes. There’s no question some of the best vacuums can be up there in price (hallelujah for Amazon Prime Day 2022 just around the corner!) So, you want to make sure the swift cleaner you snag is well worth the investment — especially when so many models claim to be the best for families and pets. Luckily, we spent months shuffling past rooms with different vacuums to find recommendations we would recommend IRL. And, to no surprise, Dyson passed with flying colors (and super clean carpets). Below, find the five best vacuums we tested, the pros and cons of each and unique features to help guide your new cleaner decision. Whether you’re looking to add a vacuum to your wedding registry or are in the market for a more convenient, of-age system, there’s certainly one for you. The Dyson V8 Animal Cordless Stick Vacuum is all the rage, and for a good reason — it’s the best cordless vacuum we tested from Dyson and is a practical, relatively affordable investment that’ll leave your house spotless. With the V8 Animal, you’re getting optimal suction and hassle-free maneuvering. Though I don’t have a furry pet, this vacuum impressively worked well in picking up finer dust and hairs from carpeting. Its customized cleaning options: The ability to switch between two power modes was a feature I didn’t know I needed. I enjoyed its MAX mode — which provides up to seven minutes of intense power — on my thicker shag carpet and its Powerful mode for regular Sunday deep cleans. Its mini cleaning tools: With the V8 Animal, you’ll never need a car vacuum or a spot cleaner again. Conveniently, this model is clad with a combination tool that works well on finer textures — like carpeting on stairs — a crevice tool for hard-to-reach places and even a motorized brush bar to tackle dirt and dust on anything from car seats to couches. Its asthma and allergy-friendly make: As a bonus, the V8 Animal is certified asthma- and allergy-friendly, so it traps allergens inside the machine rather than expelling them into the home. As someone with allergies to dust and mold, this is a nifty aspect. And, truthfully, we have no cons to speak of at this time. Dyson’s brand-new V12 Detect Slim Vacuum is one of the most of-age vacuums I’ve ever used — and that includes my experience with robot vacuums. Dubbed Dyson’s “most compact intelligent cordless vacuum,” it’s clad with laser technology that scientifically shows you how well it’s cleaning on its built-in LCD screen. The screen shows what has been sucked up, while its piezo sensor sizes and counts the amount of dust particles to automatically increase the suction power, if needed. In short, it’s pretty ground-breaking. Its precision: In tandem with the crevice tool and easy-to-maneuver stick handle, the V12 Detect is incredible high-tech and apt for all kinds of spaces. This is huge, especially if you’re really particular with your deep-cleaning sessions (as am I). Its LCD screen: This just proves to me, as a consumer, how much time and energy was put into designing this vacuum. Dyson wants you to comprehend exactly how it’s getting the job done — and getting the job done efficiently. Its run time: It doesn’t take me long to vacuum my smaller-sized space, so the up-to-60 minutes of run time is a wonderful aspect to the V12 Detect. If I’m cleaning my entire house, it’s amazing, and when I clean just one room, I know it’ll never die on me. Its capability to detect dust: While all good vacuums locate and remove dust from your floors, the V12 Detect’s Laser Slim Fluffy cleaner head has built-in laser technology you can’t normally see, ensuring you won’t miss anything. At the end of my cleaning, my room has never looked more refreshed. The price: Dyson’s V12 Detect is $650, which is pretty comparable — if not pricier — than robot vacuums that do it all for you. That said, I still love working it myself (it’s so simple to use), but it’s one con to consider before purchasing. When I first unboxed one of Dyson’s newest vacuums, its Omni-Glide, I was shocked at how small it was. Sure, stick and cordless vacuums are the new wave, but this was only a few inches taller than my 11⁄2-year-old niece. That said, the saying “small, but mighty” was certainly in mind when Dyson designed the Omni-Glide. In fact, it’s Dyson’s slimmest and most maneuverable vacuum for hard floors, featuring the brand’s first omnidirectional soft roller cleaner head that literally glides into hard-to-reach places. Its lightweight size: I vacuumed my living room, then walked upstairs to vacuum my bedroom and then went outside to vacuum a small rug — and the whole cleaning process took me less than 10 minutes. Why? The vacuum is so lightweight and the Omni-Glide is a true answer to prayer for anyone who gets frustrated lifting a heavy cleaning tool. Its ability to glide into corners: While the Omni-Glide is a surefire perfect match for handheld dusting with the included crevice tool, it’s also impressive at sucking up dirt on tile floor, debris in floor molding and even in between your stair rails — all with velvet-like, soft nylon brush bars. Its storage versatility: You can either store the Omni-Glide with the included wall-mounted charging dock — which is great for apartment closet storage — or concentrate the cleaning device in-line under your bed or couch. Again, small but mighty. Its ease of maintenance: With the help of Dyson’s follow-along video, it hasn’t been easier to learn how to properly care for the new tool. Plus, emptying the bin is hands-free and shoots out straight from the vacuum’s storage when ready. It’s not practical for large cleaning sessions: Due to the Omni-Glide‘s tinier-than-tiny statute, it hurt my back to vacuum my entire living room floor. Though the stick comes up to chest level, I found myself reaching over at times to glide it around the room — which isn’t good for your back. However, the convenience of the vacuum being so small is still great for small spaces. Particularly, it’s great if you have an apartment with just a kitchen, living area and bathroom to worry about. It’s not great on textured carpets: If you have intense shag (as I do in my hallway foyer) or Berber textured carpet, this isn’t the vacuum for you. While it does glide, I felt like it didn’t pick up embedded dust on coarser, soft floors. But it is dynamite on hard floors, especially the deep multi-colored brown tile in my kitchen, which is always difficult to spot where dirt lays. Though the Dyson V7 Motorhead Cordless Vacuum isn’t a recent Dyson release, it’s still a wonderful cleaner that comes in an aesthetically pleasing fuschia color. In short, this model has incredible suction power and, though comparable to the brand’s V8 Animal and Omni-Glide, the ability to suck dirt, dust and grime is unparalleled. Its suction power: No surprise here, but the inclusion of two-tier radial cyclones — 15 total — allows the vacuum to increase the airflow and capture fine dust. And it’s not too noisy, either; it’s more of a whoosh than a loud motor. Its ability to snuggle into hard-to-reach places: Though it’s not the Omni-Glide, it was one of the best for swiveling into corners and other hard-to-reach places, specifically for your stairs, behind your bed and under sinks. It’s slightly heavier than the other two cordless vacuums tested: The fact that the V7 Motorhead Vacuum is cordless deserves a pat on the back, but it is slightly heavier to maneuver. However, it’s still a wonderful purchase that’s at a great, near $30 discount. The tried-and-true Dyson Ball Animal 2 Vacuum is the perfect cleaner for thick carpets. And when we say thick, we mean thick. For one, it’s impressive that this model isn’t cordless but still comes with accessories to transform your power vac into a precise cleaning machine. And there’s even a mattress tool, which is ideal. Because let’s face it — when’s the last time you gave your everyday mattress a spin clean? Its deep cleaning capabilities: As mentioned, the textured rugs in my home aren’t fine. I have a crazy shag, deep-rooted Berber and macrame boho area rugs that I personally don’t know how to give a true deep cleaning to. However, the Ball Animal 2 is an effective solution. Its uprightness: An odd pro, but its ball structure gives weight to gravity, making it stand perfectly upright without leaning against a wall or charging dock. It’s convenient, handy and won’t crash into your furniture. It’s heavy: Weighing in at almost 18 pounds, it’s no lightweight machine. That said, it’s not my favorite but, because of its incredible ability to deep clean, made the cut. It’s not as versatile as others tested: Though the Ball Animal 2 comes with some unique and practical tools, it can’t transform into a handheld cleaner. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content. Dyson sent over some of these products for potential coverage for our readers.