I was terminated from my job 16 years ago for failing a drug test. But it was flawed; I never did a drug in my life. How long do I have to wear this failure on my record? My friend, you deserve a second chance whether the drug test was flawed or not. I highly doubt that at this point you are going to be able to prove the drug test was flawed. Regardless, you don’t have to disclose that you were terminated 16 years ago for a failed drug test, and you can’t be discriminated for it if it shows up in a background check. How long it stays on your record depends if you worked for a private or a government employee, since they have different processes. My best advice is to hire a lawyer to get it expunged or prevent it from being seen. It won’t cost a lot and it will be worth it to have access to every job for which you are qualified without having to worry about this. I’ve been running a small business for six years but COVID just about killed it. I am now reentering the job market in my mid-40s, sending resumes just to find an entry level job. Should I say I’m done with the business so they know I’m committed? Despite the talk about how employers can’t fill positions, don’t believe it. I can show you jobs on Indeed that get 15,000 applications. It’s the toughest market I have ever seen. There are the headlines and then there are the realities, since there isn’t a one-size-fits-all job market. If you’re looking for a job in the service sector, no problem. If you are in tech or a health care worker, you too can have your pick of jobs. But if you’re looking for almost any other white collar job in a corporate environment, it’s not the same market. And if you aren’t a cookie-cutter applicant — like yourself — it’s twice as hard. You indeed may have to settle just to get back in the game. Be careful not to give the impression that you are only looking for a job because COVID killed your business. You accomplished a goal, to run a successful business. Now you are ready to return to the workforce in a more traditional career path where you can apply what you learned as a successful business owner. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @GregGiangrande