The dad of a 15-year-old Queens girl who was hit by a stray bullet while studying for final exams said the horrifying experience has left him and his family shaken. “How do we protect this community, because everyone is scared about this,” Mohammad Hossain, the father of wounded teen Tamima Samira, said Wednesday. “Of course, the gun is the problem. This is not for my concern, it’s my daughter,” Hossain said, adding, “I’m really concerned about this country because of the babies or the teenagers. “They are innocent so we have to protect them,” he said. “This is our country’s problem.” Hossain, who works in real estate, said he spent Tuesday night at the hospital with his daughter but said the teen is doing well after undergoing surgery. The girl was sitting in the family dining room at their home on 113th Road in St. Albans, studying for 10th-grade finals shortly before 11 p.m. Tuesday, when the bullet ripped through the window and hit her right shin, cops said. Her dad, who called 911, said he heard “some noise outside” and several shots fired before he realized his daughter had been hit and was bleeding. He said first responders got to the home “very fast.” Samira literally dodged a bullet when another slug hit a door frame in the apartment and missed her, sources said. The teen was taken to Cohen Children’s Medical Center, where she underwent surgery and was discharged Wednesday, family and police said. Samira arrived home to find media assembled outside, and posted an endearing note on the family’s front door, rather than speak to reporters. “Hey besties, girl who got shot here! I have no comment,” the handwritten note states. “Come back after the Regents for a statement.” Police sources said surveillance footage from a neighboring home shows three gunmen open fire outside Hossain’s home before running off toward Francis Lewis Boulevard. Cops recovered 21 9mm shell casings from the scene. The suspects remain on the loose and police have not revealed a possible motive or the intended target in the shooting. “I’ve never seen a situation here,” Hossain said. “This neighborhood, all the people know me and I know them. They like my daughter, my son, my family. In the last three years, nobody bothers me. I’m not bothering anybody.” Additional reporting by Amanda Woods and Joe Marino