Mayor Eric Adams argued Wednesday that his vague new housing plan doesn’t include a targeted goal for a number of apartments created — because he followed advice from housing activists and homeless New Yorkers. Hizzoner made the remarks as he defended his new blueprint against criticism that it does not move aggressively enough to produce more homes in housing-starved New York and, instead, focused largely on reducing paperwork and waits to get people into units already funded by the city. “They stated for years, ‘stop telling us about units of housing.’ This is what they said. We listened to the homeless men and women who came to City Hall, we listened to the advocates,” he told NY1 host Pat Kiernan. “No matter what number we reach, if we don’t do our jobs correctly, we’re just throwing out numbers,” he added. “I’m not going to sit here and say, “Ok, we’re going to get X number of housing.’ No.” The mayor went on to insist that he and members of his administration will “turn over every stone” in their efforts to ease the five borough’s acute housing-affordability crisis — while continuing to refuse to provide a target for how many units of housing should be permitted in the Big Apple annually. “I think New Yorkers are gonna look at the finished product, and say, ‘this guy is up to what he said he was going to do,’” said Adams. The Manhattan Institute’s Eric Kober, a former high-level city planning department staffer, was unsatisfied with the mayor’s housing blueprint, particularly the lack of a figure for the quantity of new housing he hopes to create. “The housing crisis demands aggressive action on many changes at once,” he said. “Unfortunately, the mayor’s plan fails to set a citywide goal for housing production or explain how new housing construction will be distributed in a fair way among the city’s neighborhoods.” City data shows that just 407,000 new housing units were permitted in the Big Apple between 2001 and 2018, while employers added 770,000 jobs. The ratio of jobs to houses over the last twenty years grows far worse when the largely temporary job losses from Wall Street’s 2008 collapse are factored out. Adams rolled out his long-promised housing plan on Tuesday and was immediately pressed by reporters over how much housing the city should build annually and how much of it would receive government support — via direct subsidies, zoning changes or tax rebates — for below-market rents. City Hall attempted to defend the mayor’s remarks by pointing out how housing activists fiercely criticized then-Mayor Bill de Blasio for categorizing affordable housing too broadly — including tallying apartments set aside for above average incomes but were rent-stabilized — in an attempt to meet production goals. A spokesman pointed to two quotes in a press release that criticized the “problematic affordable housing unit count goals of past administrations.” “That metric led to a focus on affordable housing solutions that simply chased after numbers instead of prioritizing the needs of struggling New Yorkers,” added Barika X Williams, the executive director of the Association for Neighborhood & Housing Development, in one of the two statements provided by City Hall. But neither of the two quotes referenced by the Adams representative said that City Hall shouldn’t set goals for how much housing it hopes to build across New York City — or how much of it should get city subsidies and be set aside for poor, working-class and middle-income residents. Adams public reticence is also belied by his own April budget proposal that requested a $500 million boost — which was granted by lawmakers — to the city’s affordable housing program to maintain the goals set by de Blasio that he now criticizes. That program aims to refinance, remodel or build 25,000 rent-stabilized apartments annually. Though new construction counts for just a tiny fraction of the output, meaning the city’s overall supply of housing has hardly budged. During the Tuesday press conference, the mayor attempted to forestall reporter queries about how his objective would fix the city’s shortage of housing as the city hasn’t permitted enough new apartments to meet job growth-driven demand for them. “It’s often asked, ‘How many units [are] you going to build? How many units [are] you going to build? How many units are you going to build?’ If that is one of the on-topic questions you’re going to ask me, don’t, because I’m not answering that,” a frustrated Adams told reporters, in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid answering the legitimate, inevitable question. Adams’ media criticism continued Wednesday. During his morning TV appearance, Adams moaned about unnamed reporters who he feels “lack journalistic integrity,” when asked about his repeated complaints that new outlets do not cover him fairly. “Are you frustrated with the media right now?” questioned Kiernan. “Not frustrated,” Adams replied. “I think there are some — some — members of the media that lack journalistic integrity,” the mayor went on. “It’s about reporting the news. Stop being an advocate, report the news,” Adams lectured. “Those who are columnists, they write their opinions, fine. But let’s report the news.” After wagging his finger at reporters who he thinks write slanted stories, Adams expressed frustration at news outlets that reported on a negative reception from fans while at a Knicks game nearly five months ago. “When I got to Madison Square Garden and get a standing ovation on Dr. King’s day, one drunk heckler heckles me, [the headline reads] ‘Eric booed at Madison Square Garden.’ Come on, that is not accurate. “Let’s report the news, and let’s stop sensationalizing it, because– I must get a lot of clicks, so I understand that people want to get clicks online,” he added. “That’s not frustration, I’m just being accurate.” Insisting he experiences “joy” speaking to the media, Adams then groused that newspapers routinely “totally distort” what he says, saying they didn’t convey that he opposes “solitary confinement” but supports “punitive segregation.”