For about $335 a night you can rent a secluded jungle tree house in the middle of the Bali, Indonesian jungle on Airbnb. And let’s just say it is the perfect getaway for anyone looking to actually get away from everything and everyone. So far, it seem like many people are hoping to do just that. The house, known as the “Aura House” is in high demand, and is already all booked up until January of next year. Perched on top of the Ayung river, the rental offers impeccable nature views and features two ensuite bedrooms, a large fully furnished living room, a kitchen and a private swimming pool. The unique listing describes itself as an eco-friendly house entirely built with bamboo and located on the west bank of the River Ayung facing east to catch sunrise. “It is the perfect gateway for adventurous couples and a honeymoon,” the listing states. “The whole house is private —  it is just for you and your guests.” Unique to the home is one of the famous egg-shaped doors built by the designer company, Ibuku, which you can find at the entrance to the second suite. “The atmosphere of Aura House is perfect for people looking to disconnect from their busy city life and/or nature enthusiasts,” the listing notes. “Be ready to be awaken by the sun peeking up into your room and the sounds of the river down below.” For meals, the airbnb explains there is a separate communal space, which includes a natural pool, bamboo pavilion for dining, and their communal kitchen restaurant where guests can order order breakfast, lunch, snacks, drinks and dinner from a selection of local traditional Balinese and Indonesian favorites and Western cuisine options. There is also the option of delivering meals directly to the rental. And despite the oasis feel, there are a few warnings. “Part of our attraction is that we are set in a very natural environment, and whilst there a couple of local village stores nearby with some very basic supplies, we are 15 mins away [from] the main road,” the listing admits. “We can help buy supplies for guests, but we do recommend guests bring along any personal supplies needed such as snacks, fruits, drinks.” “Also, from time to time you might be disturbed by mosquito and other insects (we are in the rain forest after all!),” the listing adds. “We provide to our guests natural repellent products to reduce as much as possible these nuisances.” Several activities can also be arranged, including a couple massage, yoga sessions, petals bath (all in-house), airport pick-up, and Bamboo related workshops and tours.