Over the years, Lenny Kravitz has been living the simple life in the Caribbean — and this past weekend, Kravitz gave Taylor Swift and her boyfriend, Joe Alwyn, a taste of it. The longtime couple were spotted in the Bahamas on the island of Eleuthera, canoodling in the ocean on Sunday, and Kravitz’s silver Airstream trailer was seen situated in the back. “My trailer is on the beach in the Bahamas. It is a little Airstream trailer, and it’s this just cozy safe womb. There is not a lot of room, but you feel really free in there because you know what your boundaries are,” Kravitz said in a 2013 interview on “Oprah’s Master Class.” “It feels really good to be constricted to a small space like that. My life has always been about contrast. But at the end of the day, the simple way wins.” In the fall of 2020, Kravitz gave a mini tour of the trailer to Men’s Health, where he outlined his healthy lifestyle. During the interview, he revealed how he has his own garden on the island, where he grows his own food — likely something Swift, 32, and Alwyn, 31, took advantage of. The trailer features the main driving nook, a mini kitchen with white cabinets, a sink, oven and nice-size fridge. Across from the cooking station is a four-person dining booth with a flat-screen TV mounted against the wall. The bathroom is situated just behind the dining area. In the back is the bedroom featuring a full-size bed. The room can also be used as a sitting area, and features a wall of windows for optimal sunlight. Currently, an average cost of an Airstream trailer runs anywhere between $36,900 and $149,900. And they are said to last up to 90 years. Kravitz’s particular trailer is made up of treated aluminum alloy, which is more lightweight for easier transport, more fuel efficient and helps against rough weather. Rare photos of the “Cruel Summer” singer and English actor kissing were obtained by Page Six, showing the couple in the water and the trailer in the background. Swift wore a black bikini and pulled her blond hair back into a low bun, while her actor beau rocked a pair of blue swimming trunks. The two, who have been dating since 2016, have been intentional in keeping their relationship hidden from the public. Rumors they were secretly engaged have not been confirmed, and Alwyn revealed earlier this year that he plans on keeping it that way. “If I had a pound for every time I think I’ve been told I’ve been engaged, then I’d have a lot of pound coins,” he told the Wall Street Journal in April. “I mean, the truth is, if the answer was yes, I wouldn’t say, and if the answer was no, I wouldn’t say.” 