Legendary Yankees radio play-by-player John Sterling will miss 25-30 road games in the second half of the season as he, the team and its flagship station, WFAN, manage his schedule, The Post has learned. Sterling, who turns 84 on July 4, will call all the Yankee home games and take trips to Fenway Park, Camden Yards and Citi Field. “It is just to recharge my batteries,” Sterling told The Post. “I’ve been doing road games with teams for 52 years. I love this game, but I hate being on the road.” Sterling said he is following the example of the Mets’ Howie Rose, who is missing some trips. Sterling mentioned a host of play-by-players, including Vin Scully, who cut down on travel in their later years before retiring. The Yankees and WFAN have identified candidates, including YES/ESPN’s Ryan Ruocco, Yankees’ digital reporter and Jomboy host Justin Shackil, Yankees Spanish language play-by-player Rickie Ricardo and they have thrown around the idea of radio analyst Suzyn Waldman maybe moving over to call a game or two, according to sources. The Waldman on play-by-play scenario, while possible, seemed as if it was the least likely. Ruocco’s commitments to ESPN – he’s the lead voice on the WNBA, among other gigs – may limit his availability. Shackil could end up with the bulk of the games. The expectation is that Sterling would call all the games, home and road, during the Yankees’ anticipated playoff appearance. Sterling and Audacy New York market president, Chris Oliviero, recently met at Yankee Stadium to plan out the rest of the season. The two had discussions prior to the season about lessening Sterling’s game load. Three years ago, Sterling’s streak of calling 5,058 consecutive Yankees games ended. Sterling is in Minnesota for the Yankees’ three-games series with the Twins that begins on Tuesday. The new Saudi-backed golf league, which is being headed up by Greg Norman, is throwing around a lot of money. It has inspired players, such as Dustin Johnson, to join instead of the PGA Tour. The organization now has announced it has added the revered play-by-player Arlo White to lead its coverage, which currently will be streamed at places like YouTube and Facebook. And White, not surprisingly, will be paid very handsomely, according to sources. We do not have exact figures, but White has gone from making hundreds of thousands per year to millions in the move, according to sources. And we are told besides the eight-to-ten events for LIV, White is still allowed to add a soccer component to his duties. White had been NBC’s lead Premier League soccer play-by-player and has been the game-caller on Apple TV’s “Ted Lasso” series. (By the way, he will continue on “Ted Lasso,” The Post has learned.) NBC is replacing White with Peter Drury. The LIV golf league begins on Thursday. It has been surrounded by controversy as the PGA has fought hard against it establishing itself, while Norman and Phil Mickelson have downplayed the Saudi’s atrocities. “They’re scary motherf–kers to get involved with,” Mickelson told Alan Shipnuck in his biography on him. “We know they killed [Washington Post reporter and U.S. resident Jamal] Khashoggi and have a horrible record on human rights. They execute people over there for being gay. Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it? “Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates. They’ve been able to get by with manipulative, coercive, strong-arm tactics because we, the players, had no recourse.”