President Biden on Friday loaded up first cat Willow for yet another long weekend in Delaware, as first lady Jill Biden cut short her husband’s replies to questions on what most Americans are struggling with — record-high gas prices and soaring inflation. The cat was carried in a crate across the White House lawn by a Biden aide to the humming Marine One helicopter. Journalists did not see first dog Major. Biden took a few reporter questions before joining Willow and Jill for the trip to his vacation home in Rehoboth Beach, Del., including about rising prices. The president sought once again to blame oil companies, but the exchange was cut short when the first lady intervened and said, “We gotta go!” “It should not be this high,” the president told reporters on the lawn. “They’re making exorbitant profits, number one. Number two, I’ve contacted them, my team has, to ask what their plans are and to give any suggestions they have.” He added: “There are 9,000 leases — 9,000 — that they can drill … but they’re not doing it.” Biden went on, “Number three, I think we’re going to be in a position where we’re gonna —.” He did not complete the full thought as the first lady intervened, but he proceeded to take a final question about when he would visit India, saying he would at some point. The Bidens are expected to return to the White House on Monday, on which the federal government is partially closed for the Juneteenth holiday, which technically falls on Sunday, June 19. The weekend coincides with the first couple’s wedding anniversary. Critics often slam Biden’s regular weekend trips to one of his Delaware homes  — describing them as vacations. Biden was in his home state on about one-quarter of the days during his first year in office, but little is known about who stopped by for official meetings or less formal lobbying attempts, such as by members of his family and their associates. The US Secret Service in April dubiously claimed to The Post that it had “no records” of visitors to Biden’s two Delaware residences and therefore cannot divulge that information in response to a Freedom of Information Act request. In response to other questions on the lawn Friday, Biden discouraged US citizens from traveling to Ukraine to fight off Russia’s invasion — amid reports on three captured Americans — and defended his decision to visit Saudi Arabia, where next month he will meet Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman. Biden insisted, “I’m not going to meet with MBS. I’m going to an international meeting and he’s going to be part of it.” The US intelligence community says the prince ordered the operation that killed Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi. Biden said “I have been briefed” about reports of US citizens being captured in Ukraine, but “we don’t know where they are. But I want to reiterate: Americans should not be going to Ukraine now.” Inflation and high fuel prices have contributed to dismal approval ratings for Biden, and Republicans are seeking to harness public frustration ahead of the November midterm elections. Biden on Thursday gave his first on-the-record press interview in four months and acknowledged that Americans are “really, really down.” A USA Today poll released Friday found that 39% of the public approves of Biden’s performance.  Almost half of respondents — 47% — said they “strongly” disapprove, while just 16% “strongly” approve of his performance. The annual US inflation rate hit a fresh 40-year high of 8.6% in May. According to AAA, the cost of diesel on Friday hit a new all-time high of about $5.80 per gallon. The average  cost of regular unleaded gas hit its all-time high Tuesday at more than $5 per gallon.