He’s setting his sights back on love. DeVon Franklin, a motivational speaker and the ex-husband of actress Meagan Good, is giving newlyweds tips, tricks and tea on navigating the choppy waters of marriage as the newest relationship coach on Lifetime’s “Married at First Sight.” The new season, set in San Francisco, debuts July 6. New York Times best-selling author Franklin says the pangs of his divorce after nine years of marriage to Good, 40, is partly what helped him aid new brides and grooms — who meet for the very first time at the altar — progress toward a happily-ever-after outcome. “With everything that I’ve been through, I found that [It’s important to] resist the temptation to place blame [in relationships]. Take responsibility,” the 44-year-old exclusively told The Post on the red carpet of the 2022 BET Awards. “A lot of times in relationships, it’s very easy to say, ‘Oh, that person is the problem,’” he continued. “No. Look in the mirror and say, ‘OK, what’s my part in this? And what can I do to make change in myself?’” He and sex therapist Pia Holec are joining “MAFS” veteran advisers Pepper Schwartz and Pastor Calvin Roberson as coaches on the series’ upcoming Season 15. Resident sex-and-relationships guru Viviana Coles announced this month that she would depart from the show. Franklin tied the knot with Good in June 2012, and announced their spilt on Instagram in December 2021. According to Us Weekly, the divorce was finalized on June 2. In his breakup bulletin, the “Breakthrough” producer wrote: “After much prayer and consideration we have decided to go into our futures separately but forever connected. We celebrate almost a decade of marriage together and a love that is eternal.” “There’s no one at fault, we believe this is the next best chapter in the evolution of our love. We are incredibly grateful for the life-changing years we’ve spent together as husband and wife,” he added. “We are also extremely thankful to God for the testimony being created inside us both and for blessing our lives with each other.” And as a newly appointed “MAFS” expert, Franklin said counseling others taught him a great deal about how to effectively approach matters of the heart in the future. “I learned that I have a lot to offer, and that I’m passionate about love and relationships,” he told The Post. “And I do want to see people find their person.” However, despite his enlightened perspective on romance, when asked if he was ready to begin dating again, Franklin sidestepped the query with a hearty laugh and abruptly ended the interview.