Progressive Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon is facing mounting efforts to oust him amid outrage that his “reckless” policies left a violent gangbanger free to gun down two cops. The woke prosecutor — already facing recall efforts — was blamed for cop-killer Justin Flores, 35, being free when he gunned down El Monte police Cpl. Michael Paredes and Officer Joseph Santana on Tuesday. The felon — who had his gang allegiance tattooed on his face — was free even though he was accused of breaking his probation by illegally carrying a gun. US Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) was among those slamming Gascon after the DA issued a statement offering “heartfelt condolences” to the slain cops’ grieving loved ones. “Officers Paredes and Santana gave their lives in the service of their fellow citizens,” Cruz tweeted late Wednesday. “It is outrageous the murderer was not in jail due to the reckless actions of George Gascon, a radical, soft-on-crime, Soros-backed DA,” the Texas senator wrote. Kurt Schlichter, an Army veteran and lawyer with more than 450,000 followers on Twitter, went even further. “Gascon flat out murdered those guys,” he tweeted angrily. “Recall this piece of garbage.” Jennifer Van Laar, managing editor of conservative outlet Red State, said she was “heartbroken and mad as hell.” “George Gascon, you are getting police officers — and lots of other people — murdered. TIME TO GO,” she tweeted. Kevin Dalton, a candidate for the LA Board of Supervisors, also said the cops “should still be alive today if not for the policies of George Gascon.” “George Gascon should be charged with accessory to murder x 2,” he tweeted. Cop-killer Flores had been prohibited from carrying a gun since 2011, but was free despite pleading no contest in February 2021 to possessing a firearm as a felon, the Los Angeles Times revealed Wednesday. That gun conviction could have sent him to prison for three years. Instead, he was sentenced to two years’ probation and 20 days in jail, which he’d already served, a prosecutor said at a plea hearing. He was warned that if was found with any weapons — including guns, ammunition and knives — he could still get that three-year prison term, the LA Times said. His probation officer had filed a request for a revocation hearing for “desertion” on Monday, just a day before the slaughter, the outlet said. He had been accused of attacking his girlfriend — but was not arrested, with officials only saying they were “currently investigating” why not. Flores — who had “Quiet” tattooed on his face, marking his allegiance to the Quiet Village gang — had stabbed his ex-wife, Diana Flores, just days earlier, she told NBCLA, a clear violation of his probation. He was trying to confront her at the motel where she was hiding from him Tuesday when he opened fire on the two officers, she told the outlet. Flores was pronounced dead at the scene, while the officers died later in a local hospital. The fresh outrage at Gascon’s soft-on-crime policies came on the same day that a group trying to recall him said it had reached the required 567,000 signatures. The effort follows ultra-liberal San Franciscans voting overwhelmingly to get rid of their own progressive district attorney, Chesa Boudin. The fallen officers, meanwhile, will be honored at a candlelight vigil in El Monte on Saturday. A fundraiser set up to benefit their wives and children had eclipsed $61,000 as of Thursday. Several of the officers’ relatives said they were too distraught to talk when contacted by The Post. Paredes’ sister, Angelina, updated her Facebook cover photo to show the late officers’ badge numbers. She also thanked friends and family on Instagram for their “love and support” since the slayings. “On behalf of our family we want you to know that having loving people like you has made getting through such a difficult time like this more bearable,” she wrote. “God bless you all!” Paredes’ aunt, Martha Paredes, 61, told The Post the pain of losing her nephew was overwhelming. “It’s just really tough right now for all of us,” she said during a brief interview Thursday. “It’s hard to accept what happened. Just know that he died doing what he loved most — and that was serving the community of El Monte.” Paredes declined to speak about Flores or his probation violation. “I just pray that God forgives him,” she said. “But I’m also glad that he’s dead, too.”