Rep. Greg Steube (R-Fla.) lashed out at his fellow House Judiciary Committee members Thursday after one of his Democratic colleagues remarked on his display of firearms during a hearing on gun control. Steube, who was taking part in the hearing via video call from his home, flashed three guns and multiple large-capacity magazines, claiming legislation pushed by Democrats would ban ownership of the weapons — including one that Steube said he carries every single day. “Here’s a 12-round magazine. This magazine would be banned under this current bill. It doesn’t fit,” Steube said as he attempted to insert various magazines into the three guns. “This gun was made for a 20-round, 21-round magazine. This gun would be banned under this bill. Here’s a SIG Sauer 320, it takes a 20-round magazine … here’s a 12-round magazine that would be banned. It doesn’t fit.” As he spoke, Steube nearly dropped one of the magazines as he tried to insert it into one of the guns. “Here’s a gun I carry every single day to protect myself, my family, my wife, and my home,” the Florida Republican continued. “This is a XL Sig Sauer P365. It comes with a 15-round magazine. Here’s a seven-round magazine, which would be less than what would be lawful under this bill if this bill were to become law.” “I hope that gun is not loaded,” Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) interjected. “I’m at my house. I can do whatever I want with my guns,” Stuebe fired back at his colleague. The committee later approved legislation along party lines that would raise the legal age for purchasing a semi-automatic rifle from 18 to 21. It would also ban the manufacture or possession of large-capacity magazines. However, like most gun control legislation, the bill is expected to fail in the evenly split Senate. Two other bills expanding background checks on would-be gun buyers are stalled in the Senate and will not garner the 60 votes necessary to move forward. Thursday’s hearing took place before President Biden delivered a stern primetime address responding to a recent spate of mass shootings across the country and urging Congress to take action. “I respect the culture and the tradition and the concerns of lawful gun owners,” Biden said in a 17-minute speech. “At the same time, the Second Amendment, like all other rights, is not absolute.” “We need to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines,” Biden affirmed. “And if we can’t ban assault weapons, then we should raise the age to purchase them from 18 to 21.” The president then lambasted Senate Republicans for preventing debate on the proposals, calling their actions “unconscionable.” “You can’t fail the American people again,” he added. Biden has also vowed to meet with congressional leaders to discuss potential gun reform in the coming weeks.