If you’re a passionate pet owner, then you likely treat your fur babies just as well as you would a human child. Whether you’re a dog dad or a cat mom (or vice versa), you understand the importance of ensuring your pet is as comfortable as possible. After all, happy pet, happy life. Right? Like many ardent owners of furry friends, you may find it hard to resist the urge to spoil them. Like buying a new toy every time you leave the house, spending excessive amounts of money on the best pet food, and making sure they smell better than you with an extensive grooming routine — but what about where they feel most safe and comfortable? Have you upgraded their dog or cat bed in a few years? If the answer is no, it’s probably about time. We searched Amazon like a dog looking for a bone to find the most highly-rated options with good style and great reviews. We found picks that are nearly indestructible beds, orthopedic beds, even a hanging cat bed, and so much more. The best part? Our list includes pet bed options for as cheap as $12. For more great pet-related content, check out our thoughtfully curated roundups on the best pet tech devices, online pet stores, cat toys and essentials for new pet owners. Shop this article by pet here: When in doubt, go with the basics — Amazon Basics’ Plush Dog Pet Bed Pad. It comes in sizes ranging from 23 to 46 inches and starts at just $12. For those looking for an ideal bed for larger dogs, go with the Bedsure Large Orthopedic Foam Dog Bed. It has more than 31,000 raving Amazon reviews and comes in five different colors to match whatever aesthetic your home encompasses. Small dog parents, don’t worry; it is also available in smaller sizes. The Furhaven Memory Foam Pet Bed has a whopping 83,000+ reviews for good reason! It’s available in multiple sizes and shapes (L-shaped or standard), different foams (orthopedic, cooling gel, and memory foam) and more than 10 colors and patterns. We can say from personal experience, your fur baby will adore this fuzzy, calming pet bed. It’s made of durable, luxurious faux fur. Filling the interior is a super-soft, environmentally friendly cotton that provides soft support for the pet, relieving the pet’s muscle and joint pain. It sold in sizes 24 to 36 inches, available in grey, beige, pink, and even rainbow. For an elevated option, consider the Coolaroo Original Pet Bed. This cooling bed uses heavy-duty, breathable, high-density polyethylene (HDPE) fabric that promotes and increases air flow on all sides of the bed, keeping your pet cool and comfortable. Available in three sizes and multiple colors, including gray, green, blue, red, yellow, and more. The Bedsure Orthopedic Dog Bed is a classic and comfy option that pets of all sizes can enjoy. It comes in brown, gray, aqua, and dark blue, plus sizes small to extra-large. This Love’s Cabin Round Pet Bed allows cats to curl up while the raised rim creates a sense of security and provides head and neck support. And while this is marketed as a cat bed, the 20-inch round pet bed is also great for small dogs and other pets up to 15 pounds. Any indoor cat would fall in love with this Bedsure pick. Your cat can choose weather it wants to spend time in the “cave” or on top for some extra air flow, whenever they please. Change things up with this cozy hammock cat bed. It has nearly 4,000 reviews on Amazon and comes in both grey and baby pink. This pet bed features ultra soft plush, a wraparound design and deep walls to provide warmth, comfort and support. These features will help reduce anxiety in your cat by giving it a safe, comfortable place to sleep. Available in two shades. Let your kitten or cat enjoy this cave bed all day long — it will provide them a comfortable and durable place to nap, whether they’re indoor or outdoor cats. Get it in gray or pink and small, medium or large sizes. Go all out with this window perch hammock bed and make sure your fur babies are spoiled with a fun and cozy option. It’s easy to install and will let your cat enjoy the sun or please the pets that love spending time on high vantage points. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.