7 a.m. — it’s time to wakeup to your alarm clock. 9 a.m. — you better catch the train before you miss it. 12 p.m. — let’s get out our lunchboxes. 5 p.m. — let the happy hour commence with some wine. We are a society that runs on schedules, plans and time, and no matter how much we wish time could just stop, it won’t. Time keeps ticking away, and it’s up to us to best manage it for our health and responsibilites. That’s why it only makes sense to invest in a timepiece to track time effectively — and while you’re at it, you might as well select a good looking one. So whether you’re searching for a luxury find, a great watch on a budget or the ideal Father’s Day gift, we have you covered with a selection of watches below. Best of all, you can pair each watch below with a great tie or wallet of your choosing. While this Rolex is pre-owned, it doesn’t make it any less luxe. In fact, this coveted Rolex watch features a custom black dial with diamond hour markers. The beautiful Rolex comes fully serviced, polished, time-tested, air and water pressure tested and a three year warranty. With almost 3,000 positive reviews on Google, this Citizen Corso watch it top-of-the-line. It’s a classic timepiece and features two-tone gold, a three hand white dial, a date indicator, gold tone markers and more. The Citizen Corso also features a fold-over clasp closure, hidden push buttons and is water resistant to 100 meters. This beautiful and eye-catching watch will make the perfect outfit accessory. Details include an embroidered golden bee, swiss quartz movement, a brown calf leather strap, a round gold-toned PVD case and a water resistant body. Choose from an array of deep jewel and silver tones to enjoy a stainless steel case, black dial, luminous hands and hour markers. This option is at the perfect price, and will be sure to dress up any fashion-forward moment. Enjoy an elegant and modern design with this Movado men’s watch. Details include a mesh-link wrist bracelet, a gold-toned dial and a matching sunray dot and hands. This watch gain its power through hand and wrist movement, so you’ll never need batteries — and how cool is that? You can also look forward to a black nylon strap, a push-release closure, a black dial with date and day window and 100 meters of water resistance. From the Marine Star Collection, this six hand watch include a calendar, bland and gold coloring and stainless steel. This model is also water resistant up to 100 meters down. Since 1984, Fossil has been bringing quality, fashionable watches to the fashion forefront. Now, you can enjoy you own Grant Collection watch featuring a stainless steel case, genuine dark brown leather and a hardened mineral crystal lens. A luxury watch for a luxury man. This Cartier watch includes high autonomy quartz movement, a steel case, beaded crown set with a synthetic cabochon-shaped spinel, sandblasted silvered dial, blued-steel sword-shaped hands, sapphire crystal, a black strap and a steel ardillon buckle. The Omega De Ville Prestige collection shows the world elegance, luxury and refinement. Enjoy a stainless steel case, matching bracelet and smart design elements. Ideal for the man on the move, this sport watch feature shock resistant materials, a comfortable resin strap and a multi-function dial. Every man needs an Apple Watch in their collection. The SEO with GPS includes a 30% larger display than previous model, is available in an array of colors and comes with essential features to keep you connected, active and healthy. Get ready to enjoy a stainless steel watch with a leather strap, grey dial and quarts movement. Best of all, it’s scratch resistant, meaning it will stay looking new. A glamorous choice, this Versace watch features a two-tone stainless steel bracelet, saphire crystal, a green dial and a stainless steel bezel. Sleek and timeless, this Michael Kors watch features a full black design with a slim profile. Further details include a brushes and polished finish and a water resistant build. Featuring an adjustable green nylon strap, this Timex watch includes a black dial, a brass case and is water resistant. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.