“Star Wars” fans were given a treat Wednesday when Disney+ dropped the newest episode of “Obi-Wan Kenobi,” starring Ewan McGregor and Hayden Christensen. The episode offered viewers their first look at Darth Vader — played by Hayden Christensen, who reprised the role for the first time since he appeared in 2016’s “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.” But fans went wild when it was revealed that the person voicing the Dark Lord was none other than his original emoter, James Earl Jones, reported Deadline. Jones, 90, has voiced the iconic villain since “A New Hope” debuted in theaters in 1977 — a film for which he only had 27 lines of dialogue and just nine minutes of actual screen time. Vader, and subsequently Jones, has since appeared in several “Star Wars” movies and television shows. Fans of the franchise went wild at the re-emergence of Jones’ deep, distinguished voice during this week’s episode. “VADER IS BACK! THE Darth Vader!!! Hayden Christensen & James Earl Jones!! Absolute goosebumps! This will be a day long remembered,” wrote one excited Twitter user. “THIS IS ALL IVE EVER F–KING WANTED, HAYDEN CHRISTENSEN IS BACK BUT TO TOP IT OFF THE F–KING OG GOAT JAMES EARL JONES IS BACK AS THE VOICE OF DARTH VADER,” wrote another. Jones is the only actor to never have actually worn the Darth Vader suit during his time voicing him. “Kenobi” has recently seen a backlash against the casting of Moses Ingram as Reva, with some viewers leveling racist hate at her. The official “Star Wars” Twitter account — as well as star McGregor — has fired back at the naysayers, saying that they “resist” any attempts to make Ingram uncomfortable by throwing invectives at her, stating: “There are more than 20 million sentient species in the Star Wars galaxy, don’t choose to be a racist.” “If you’re sending her bullying messages, you’re no ‘Star Wars’ fan in my mind,” McGregor chimed in. “There’s no place for racism in this world, and I totally stand with Moses.” Episodes 1, 2 and 3 of “Kenobi” are available to stream on Disney+ with new episodes dropping every Wednesday.