When Nancy Pelosi’s husband, Paul Pelosi, got popped for a DUI last week on his way home from a dinner party in the Napa Valley, it was a rare misstep in an otherwise charmed life — at least as far as most people knew. The 82-year-old Paul, a multimillionaire real estate investor and venture capitalist, was charged with two misdemeanors, including driving with a blood-alcohol level of 0.08 or higher, after his 2021 Porsche collided with a 2014 Jeep driven by another man, according to Napa County booking records. Paul was released on $5,000 bail. “Everyone drives home a little drunk in Napa,” a longtime friend of Paul Pelosi’s told The Post. “He’s big guy. He probably thought he was OK.” His lawyer said Paul was driving home from a friend’s house to the nearby $5 million vineyard, River Run, that he owns with his wife in St. Helena. It’s part of a sizable Pelosi family real estate portfolio that includes a Pacific Heights mansion overlooking San Francisco Bay and a $2.6 million condo in Georgetown, 15 minutes from the White House. The couple share a life of undeniable privilege, but critics allege the Pelosis have made millions off Nancy’s access and connections as speaker of the House. Meanwhile, two people who know the couple well told The Post it was an open secret that Paul had an eye for the ladies. “He was a real man about town until she became speaker and that got shut down,” said a Pelosi insider. “I’m amazed they kept it under wraps … She’s off the running the country and he’s back in San Fran. But he’s stuck with her. He could have dumped her ass for some pretty little thing. He’s a good Catholic.” Paul, a native San Franciscan, has been married to Nancy, the first female speaker of the House, for almost 60 years. They have five children. He founded and runs the venture capital firm Financial Leasing Services. He has led such a lucky life for so long, one associate said, that most of the longtime friends in his swanky inner circle in San Francisco were shocked when an old news report from 1957 about a Pelosi family tragedy surfaced right after his drunk driving arrest. When Paul was only 16, his 19-year-old brother died after the sports car Paul was driving flipped over as the siblings were joyriding in San Mateo, the San Francisco Examiner reported at the time. David Pelosi was likely strangled by a neck brace he had been wearing due to a previous neck fracture, the Examiner said.  A cop told the outlet at the time that Paul said his older brother had urged him to slow down in the moments before the crash. “We had no idea,” Paul’s friend told The Post about the 1957 accident. “But it wouldn’t change anyone’s opinion of him around here. People love him here. And nobody cares about the [drunk] driving thing.” To some, the Pelosis symbolize a love story between one of the most powerful women in the world and the man who has always stood beside her. “I think they have a very good marriage,” said Paul Pelosi’s friend. “He was the second gentleman before there was a second gentleman, in a way,” said the longtime friend. “He’s this big Italian guy who did very well in real estate and handles being Mr. Nancy Pelosi very well.” But others see the union as more of a lucrative business partnership. “Nancy Pelosi is the embodiment of what’s wrong with Washington, DC,” Richard Grenell, the former Trump-appointed acting director of national intelligence, told The Post. “Politicians who cater to the elites and who are the elites themselves.” In January, The Post reported that the speaker moved to quash bipartisan efforts to ban stock trading by congressional lawmakers — while she and her husband raked in as much as $30 million from bets on the Big Tech firms Pelosi is responsible for regulating. It was also revealed that the Pelosis scooped up millions in bullish call options for stocks including Google, Salesforce, Micron Technology and Roblox. At the same time, some insiders accused her of slow-walking efforts to rein in Big Tech. Nancy downplayed worries over stock picking by lawmakers, claiming it was part of the “free-market economy” — comments that infuriated Democratic insiders, people close to the speaker told The Post at the time. “[Paul’s] been making interesting stock picks with Amazon and others for years,” Peter Schweizer, author of “Red Handed: How the Elites Get Rich Helping China Win,” told The Post. “This has been going on for decades. Their ability to skirt the rules or their feeling that the rules don’t apply to them is astounding. He has become a major investor after basically owning a small limo company and a small real estate company. They are very much ‘Do as I say, not as I do.'” Paul’s friend disagrees with allegations that the couple have profited off Nancy’s position. “He was making money for years before she became so powerful,” she said. “If anything, he might be making less than he could because of Nancy’s position.” The friend said Paul, who belongs to many of the most elite clubs in the Bay Area including the Bohemian Club, has an “incredible” charisma that draws in both people and lucrative business deals. “He’s one sexy motherf–ker, even now,” she said. “When I get seated next to him at a dinner party, I know it’s going to be great. He is that charming a guy. Very attentive. A real bon vivant.” Nancy, meanwhile, has remained youthful, albeit with help. “She got an eye job 10 years ago that was too much,” the friend said, “But then I settled in and now it looks great.” The couple met when they were in college. Paul was majoring in foreign service at Georgetown University and Nancy D’Alesandro, who came from a Baltimore political family, was studying at Trinity College in Washington, DC. They were married Sept. 7, 1963, at the Cathedral of Mary Our Queen in Baltimore. They later moved to San Francisco and Nancy gave birth to five children — Nancy Corinne, Christine, Jacqueline, Paul, and Alexandra — in six years. “There is nothing I enjoyed more than taking care of babies,” Pelosi once said, according to the 2008 biography “Madam Speaker: Nancy Pelosi’s Life, Times and Rise to Power.” “I used to think as I was sitting in the park for eight hours a day watching them play, that when they’re in school and I have enough time I could do something, like feed all the hungry people in the world.” Instead, after her kids got older, Pelosi befriended then-5th District Congressman Phil Burton and began climbing the ladder of the Democratic Party. She was elected to the US House of Representatives in 1987 and became the first female speaker of the House in 2007. Her long reign, according to Ron Nehring, former chairman of the California Republican Party, is due to her having no political competition in San Francisco. “She doesn’t face the same scrutiny of people who do,” Nehring told The Post. “Is she an elected official who’s monetizing her office? That’s the question. The single biggest hypocrisy on the part of the Democrats is them constantly accusing Republicans of being the party of the rich and powerful. The wealthiest zip codes in the country are represented by Democrats.” Unlike her gregarious husband, Nancy Pelosi has not held on to her power necessarily because of her charm. “Nancy Pelosi has appeared in more Republican attack ads than any politician in history because she is the most unpopular Democrat in the country,” Mike Berg, spokesman for the National Republican Congressional Committee, told The Post. “As a human being she’s extraordinarily shrewd,” longtime radio show host and former California Republican gubernatorial candidate Larry Elder told The Post. ” I wish she weren’t that shrewd. She’s been dominating California politics for decades and has been able to hold on to power and keep together a pretty diverse set of groups in her party.  She’s also been able to handle the Squad but also not alienate them.” Said another powerful Republican player in California who has known the Pelosis for years: “She’s a battle-ax, a real hard-ass. People continually underestimate her because she’s old … I really admire how she went after the Squad. She kneecapped them. She’s vicious.” Sometimes Democrats trash Nancy more than Republicans. “Pelosi is a master of performative opposition and political theatrics, distracting and hoodwinking Democratic voters while funding America’s war machine and protecting the two-party monopoly,” Peter Daou, a former adviser to Hillary Clinton, wrote earlier this year. “Pelosi is revered by her fans and has an unmatched press operation that churns out regular puff pieces painting her as a champion of ‘democracy’ and a thorn in the GOP’s side. Nothing could be further from the truth. With Pelosi at the helm of the House, Republicans (and Democrats) have gotten away with murder, literally.” Enemies who have called her “a modern-day Marie Antoinette” include Erica Kious, who ran a hair salon where Nancy Pelosi was a client for six years. In September 2020, Kious announced she was permanently closing her eSalon in San Francisco amid allegations she set up Pelosi, who was seen in video inside the salon without a mask while getting her hair done on Aug. 31 of that year. At the time, salons were only allowed to conduct business outside. Kious denied setting up Pelosi and said she leaked the video because she was so frustrated about what she said was the hypocrisy of politicians forcing small businesses to stay closed while big-box stores remained open. “She would have been a superhero had she crusaded for small businesses to open up,” Kious told The Post last week. “Instead she threw me under the bus and said I set her up. It was devastating. People like her don’t care what happens to regular folks.” But don’t expect Nancy to go anywhere anytime soon. “She keeps saying she’s going to retire,” said one friend. “But she never does.”