May Pang. Once personal assistant to John Lennon who then assisted him more personally than his wife, Yoko Ono. She became John’s lover. Friday, Tribeca Film Festival screens her documentary. Born 1950, married, divorced, in the music industry, now with long blue hair, she said: “1973, Yoko told me: ‘I’m going to leave him. You should know John’s interested in you.’ I wasn’t interested. I was scared. Also, next day she’d forget. Things came and went with Yoko. “Eventually he and I moved into East 52nd Street together and she kept the Dakota’s 11 rooms. Previously they’d lived bohemian style, tiny basement apartment in the Village. He says the two of us bonded on our mutual love of music. “We went to LA together. You start knowing someone superficially. Then I fell in love with him. She kept calling, though she said in ’74 she wanted a divorce — it was her third marriage — and he’d said ‘I’ll be a free man in six months.’ I was the only one honest with him but she wanted me, and him, away. So, for a while, we didn’t see one another. Then one day he called from Cape Town and we were on the phone 1 1/2 hours. She didn’t call me ever. “Yoko, chain smoker, 7 1/2 years older than he, understood his needs. But he and I, together 18 months, our life was different. All musicians. George Harrison said, ‘I’m glad she’s with you.’ Keith Richards said, ‘This is the John I used to see.’ I made him accessible to friends. We’d go swimming, do Disneyland, take walks together without his entourage. “Last I saw him was ’78. He had a will done in ’79 and was gone in 1980. I can’t forget — but you have to let it go. You can only try to live in the moment. I’ve attempted to reach out to Yoko but it didn’t work. “In 2000 we accidentally met, both having breakfast in the same hotel in Reykjavik. An assistant carried her food. I asked, ‘How are you?’ She answered, ‘Fine.’ And that was that. “The Lost Weekend: A Love Story” shows Elton, Jagger, Ringo and Lennon’s son Julian. MAY our brains wobble back to the 1970s. Watergate. The sitting President Richard Nixon’s administered break-in of the Democratic National Committee headquarters. Watergate’s bust-in then cover over then mop up? An extreme, illegal example of politics run amok. That break-in sought info for the coming election. They did not create the information. They gathered it. Illegally. Truthful info to use against the Dems. It’s like a real gun taken off the streets, but seized illegally by the police. Nixon & Co. tried triggering illegally obtained info to muddy the election. Fade out, fade in. Comes now. Modern times. Russiagate — Hillary Clinton & Co. supposedly tried to use manufactured and untrue dirt to sway the 2016 election and American voters. That’s far more insidious. The debunked unreal dossier sought to use fabricated information against a presidential candidate. That’s like police planting a gun on you and then prosecuting you for firearms possession. E pluribus unum. All to screw one and one to screw all. NEWSPAPERS now report City Hall’s partygoing, celebrity-crazed, Halloween-like suit-wearing, microphone-eating Eric — whose unaccomplished gizzard is stuck on the White House — is considered a joke (spelled “jerk”), but saying that is rude. So I won’t. Unfortunately crime, traffic, garbage, homelessness, taxes, unemployment, break-ins, empty stores, low living standards, scarce child care, high poverty, deprivation, mental illness, high rents, health concerns, rats, roaches, school disarray, anger, congestion, construction is Mainly in New York, kids, mainly in New York.