On an afternoon when their starting pitching was not its sharpest, the Yankees turned to their twin thumpers to finish off another sweep. Aaron Judge and Giancarlo Stanton both clobbered home runs to pick up Jameson Taillon and power the Yankees to a 5-3 win over the Athletics on Wednesday afternoon in The Bronx. The Yankees (56-20) improved to 9-0 this season (25-1 all-time) when Judge and Stanton homer in the same game while nailing down their ninth sweep of the year. It required their major league-leading 24th comeback win of the year, but two big swings from Judge and Stanton quickly changed the game against the MLB-worst Athletics (25-52). “That’s why there’s no panic in the dugout,” said Stanton, who crushed a go-ahead, three-run shot in the third inning. “We know it’s just a matter of time to wear that guy down out there. Anyone can do it.” Before embarking on a four-city, 10-game road trip, the Yankees matched the best record in franchise history through 76 games — tying the 1998 and 1928 teams, which both went on to win the World Series. A big reason for that hot start has been the long ball. The Yankees’ 57 home runs already this month — including 11 from Judge and eight from Stanton — set the record for most homers by any team in the month of June in MLB history. “We’re always two pitches away from a two-run homer — a bloop and a blast,” Taillon said. “These hitters are so pro and veteran that they’ll work a starting pitcher, they have a game plan and they’ll stick to it and wait for their pitch in a certain spot. We can turn a game really quickly.” Taillon slogged through five innings without his best command, but was able to limit the damage to just three runs, all of which scored in the first inning. He needed 101 pitches to finish the fifth, scattering seven hits and a pair of walks to go with six strikeouts, but stranded seven men on base. The Yankees quickly cut into that deficit in the bottom of the first. DJ LeMahieu led off with a single and Judge followed by crushing a 91-mph sinker down the middle into the left-field seats for his 29th home run of the season. The 429-foot blast off Athletics left-hander Cole Irvin got the Yankees within 3-2. “When you get a little punch back right away, it’s good for everything,” Stanton said. “It changes the aura in the dugout, even though there’s no panic.” LeMahieu set the table for more damage in the third inning, lining a one-out single to center field before Judge drew a walk. Then, with two outs, Stanton drilled a three-run homer to right field that put the Yankees ahead 5-3. It was Stanton’s 19th home run of the season and fifth in his last six games. Each of his last six hits have been home runs, and he is batting .154 during that stretch of 11 games. “My at-bats are getting a little bit better,” Stanton said. “I haven’t had the best couple of weeks, but I’ve been OK in big spots. I guess that’ll let you catch up a little more.” Together, Judge and Stanton have combined for 48 home runs — more than the Tigers have as a team (42) and three shy of the Athletics’ whole roster (51). “When [Stanton] is in a stretch like this when he’s hitting the ball hard, hitting it out oppo, you know he’s in a good spot,” Judge said. Lucas Luetge relieved Taillon to start the sixth inning and provided two perfect innings. Miguel Castro worked around a pair of singles in the eighth before Clay Holmes shut the door in the ninth for his 14th save of the season. “We’ve talked about [winning] a lot of different ways, today we leaned on our big boys, Jamo settling in and the pen doing their thing,” manager Aaron Boone said.