Christen Harper is trading in the runway for the fairway — at least for the day. On Wednesday, the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model hit the links with her longtime boyfriend, Lions quarterback Jared Goff, according to a series of posts on her Instagram Stories. “I’m a good caddy [sic] @jaredgoff,” Harper quipped in one post as she and Goff, 27, rode in their golf cart. While it’s unclear who won the round between the two, the couple appears to be enjoying some downtime following a whirlwind few weeks. Last month, Harper, 29, celebrated the launch of the 2022 edition of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit, making appearances at parties in both New York and Florida, where she was also joined by Goff. Harper, who is featured in this year’s issue, tried out for the iconic magazine in 2020, when she submitted an audition video as part of the publication’s swim search. “I am SO excited to finally go after one of my wildest dreams. @si_swimsuit has meant so much more than a magazine to me, it gave me the confidence to embrace who I am and ultimately chase my dreams,” she said at the time. Harper has been celebrating her SI Swimsuit success with Goff, whom she has been linked to since early 2019, when he was a member of the Los Angeles Rams. Goff was traded to the Lions by the Rams last January and finished his first season in Detroit at 3-13-1. Despite a challenging start, Goff appears to be hitting his stride in his second year in Michigan. “Jared has had an excellent spring. Really sharp,” Lions quarterbacks coach Mark Brunell said earlier this week. “You guys have seen it. He’s made some throws this spring that have been impressive. Doing some new things offensively, and he has embraced the system. He has done very, very well, with really just going out there and executing it. He’s done very, very well this spring.” Goff and his teammates will report to the Lions’ training camp in late July. In the meantime, the quarterback is looking to unload his Hidden Hills, Calif., home for $7.5 million, per the Los Angeles Times.