Fox Sports’ Charissa Thompson is expected to be the host of Amazon Prime Video’s exclusive “Thursday Night Football” coverage in the fall, The Post has learned. The deal, which is in the final stages of negotiations, will team Thompson with Tony Gonzalez, who has already been announced by Amazon. The Post has previously reported that Ryan Fitzpatrick, Richard Sherman and Marshawn Lynch are likely to be involved. Amazon declined comment. Amazon, according to sources, also had talks with Kay Adams, who recently left NFL Network’s “Good Morning Football” about hosting the pregame, but the sides failed to come to an agreement. Thompson does a fine job hosting “Fox NFL Kickoff” each Sunday at 11 a.m. She will continue in that Fox role, while adding Amazon Prime on Thursdays. Front Office Sports first mentioned Amazon’s interest in Thompson. Amazon’s coverage plans are starting to fully finalize. It has signed Al Michaels and Kirk Herbstreit as its lead broadcast team, while it has shown interest in ABC’s Kaylee Hartung for the sideline. It will have different weekly alternative telecasts, but in terms of Manningcast-like spectaculars, the plan is to only have three or four for the season, according to sources. The Post’s Ryan Glasspiegel reported in April that Amazon has had talks with Pat McAfee about a role. As of now, though, Amazon is adding Thompson as its pre-and-post-game host, which is expected to originate from the site of each game, beginning Week 2 with the Chargers at Chiefs. For the second month of the spring ratings book, WFAN’s “Carton & Roberts” blew out ESPN New York’s “The Michael Kay Show” with a 6.3 share of the audience for WFAN compared to ESPN’s 3.2 from 2-6:30 p.m. among men 25-54, which both stations historically use for advertising purposes. Craig Carton and Evan Roberts finished second in the market, while the trio of Kay, Don La Greca and Peter Rosenberg tumbled to 13th. “Carton & Roberts” already won the first month, which means with one month to go, it will win the entire spring book. Elsewhere during the second month, which is essentially akin to the second period of a hockey match, “Boomer & Gio” were No. 1 overall in the market (11.1 share) from 6-10 a.m. ESPN New York’s Rick DiPietro and Dave Rothenberg actually made a dent with a 4.1 showing (tied for sixth) from 5-8 a.m. For the first hour (5-6 a.m) DiPietro & Rothenberg go up against Al Dukes and Jerry Recco. FAN’s show had a 7.7 share (fourth), while ESPN was at 3.3 (tied for seventh). From 8-10 a.m., the trio of Keyshawn Johnson, Jay Williams and Max Kellerman only received a 1.5 share, which was 20th in the market. From 10-2 p.m., FAN’s relatively new team of Tiki Barber and Brandon Tierney had a 4.0 share (tied for seventh), while ESPN New York’s hodgepodge of hosts, including the sometimes on-the-air Mike Greenberg, had a 2.0 share (tied for 15th).