TAMPA, Fla. — The Rangers played a majority of their Game 3 loss to the Lightning on Sunday afternoon without second-line center Ryan Strome, who took a cross-check to the lower back from Lightning winger Ondrej Palat early in the second period. Strome returned later in the period for a single shift, but the 28-year-old ultimately retreated back to the Rangers locker room and stayed there with what the team said was a lower-body injury. Strome finished with two shots on goal, two blocks and one hit in 7:22 of ice time. “He came back for one shift and wasn’t good enough,” head coach Gerard Gallant said after the 3-2 defeat at Amalie Arena, which gave Tampa Bay its first win of the Eastern Conference Final series. “We’ll know more tomorrow.” Barclay Goodrow replaced Strome on the second line between Artemi Panarin and Andrew Copp, while Filip Chytil took his spot on the first power-play unit. The Rangers also lost Goodrow briefly in the third period to go down to 10 forwards. After blocking a Victor Hedman slap shot, Goodrow was slow to get up and immediately went to the locker room, but he returned shortly after and finished out the game. “Stromer is a big piece,” Andrew Copp said. “Obviously, playing in the middle, he’s on the first power play, takes right-handed draws. He’s gotten pretty good at it. It’s a huge loss. Everyone has to kind of step up around. Hopefully, he’s not out too long. “Losing Goody, I mean, what a blocked shot after coming back from what he already went through there. The result of the game is what it is, but when you got people that, you can always win with that. Good to get him back.” If Strome isn’t available for Game 4 on Tuesday, or longer, expect Kevin Rooney to draw back into the Rangers lineup. Rooney, who hasn’t played since Game 5 of the Rangers’ second-round series against the Hurricanes, is also a center who can contribute on the penalty kill. Strome has played in every playoff game for the Rangers so far on this run, totaling two goals and seven assists in 17 games. “It hurt our offense, obviously,” Gallant said of losing Strome. “He didn’t play the last half of the game, so when he plays seven minutes, it hurts your team.” Cal Foote was scratched for the Lightning in favor of Riley Nash. Tampa Bay went with the traditional 12 forwards and six defensemen for the first time in this series. Steven Stamkos moved to the center of the top line between Nikita Kucherov and Ondrej Palat.