On the first day of the mandatory minicamp, Wink Martindale turned up the heat. The new Giants’ defensive coordinator is known for his exotic and frequent pressure packages and he unveiled some of them on Tuesday, putting stress and strain on an offensive line that is going to have to deal with a steady diet of this when training camp rolls around this summer. “You know, Wink came out with some Wink stuff today,’’ center Jon Feliciano said. “I think the defense won today. You know, we’ll be able to grow from it.’’ There were plays blown up when free rushers on defense stormed into the offensive backfield. The first-team offensive line, with Feliciano at center, Mark Glowinski and Shane Lemieux at the guards and rookies Evan Neal and Josh Ezeudu (subbing for Andrew Thomas) at the tackle spots, was challenged. This time of year it is often heard that the defense is ahead of the offense. This is certainly the case with the Giants. “Let me tell you, going against Wink’s defense is going to be great for us in the long run, but I’m not going to lie to you if it doesn’t get frustrating sometimes, you know what I’m saying?’’ Feliciano said. “Which is great, but not right now.’’ Case in point: Feliciano looked up on one play and saw Julian Love, a safety, lined up on the line of scrimmage at linebacker. “There is so many people that are playing in positions that you don’t expect them to play in,’’ Feliciano said. “It gets a little hard when you have to identify and you’re not actively scheming for it like leading up to the week.’’ Feliciano said he speaks with Martindale before almost every practice, asking what the defense has in store for the offense. “Today he wasn’t lying today when he said he got something special,’’ Feliciano said. “It’s going to be great for us.’’ Daniel Jones was an interested bystander for the last six games of the 2021 season, when the Giants’ offense went from bad to worse to comically inept when Mike Glennon and then Jake Fromm took turns desecrating the position of quarterback. Jones was dealing with a neck injury and the Giants would not clear him for contact. He gained that clearance earlier this offseason. “When exactly when that was, we weren’t playing games and the season was over so I think it was somewhat irrelevant,’’ Jones said. Head coach Brian Daboll confirmed previous reports that the Giants will hold a joint practice with the Jets for one day in the week leading into the Aug. 28 preseason game. The joint practice will take place at the Giants’ facility. “I think it’s good to practice with the guys from down the street, play in a different conference,’’ Daboll said. “I know coach [Robert] Saleh. He’s a really good coach. We’ve had some good talks. I think it’s a good chance to come out here and be competitive against some other players that you’re not practicing against throughout the summer as long as you do it the right way. We want to treat those guys that they’re just like our teammates when you’re practicing.’’