OK, the guy arrested for attempting to assassinate Justice Brett Kavanaugh turns out to have mental issues and called 911 on himself after he saw security outside the judge’s home. Do you think that makes the Kavanaugh family feel safe? This comes on the heels of at least two firebombings of pro-life pregnancy crisis centers in Buffalo and Madison, Wisc. This, after President Joe Biden and his administration spent weeks winking at the left’s unhinged response to a leaked Supreme Court draft opinion seemingly overturning Roe v. Wade. The Biden administration initially refused to condemn the leak of the draft opinion or protesters’ targeting of conservative justices’ homes. “The president’s view is that there’s a lot of passion” on the issue, said Jen Psaki. (After catching flak, the White House grudgingly agreed threats against justices are bad.) House Dems, too, stalled on a recent bill to provide police protection to justices’ families. No, Democrats haven’t been outright justifying pro-choice violence, but the rhetoric’s been getting ever more heated at least since Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer’s March 2020 warning about high-court abortion rulings: “I want to tell you, [Justice Neil] Gorsuch. I want to tell you, Kavanaugh. You have released the whirlwind, and you will pay the price.” Then there was Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot’s tweet after the leak: “To my friends in the LGBTQ+ community—the Supreme Court is coming for us next. This moment has to be a call to arms.” The Kavanaugh incident comes as Democrats open congressional hearings based on the idea that extreme actions against political institutions — i.e., the Jan. 6 riots — are a danger to the Republic. How much more so are assassination attempts directed at members of the highest judicial body in the land? “Words from our leaders matter,” Biden once scolded ex-prez Donald Trump (whose words Dems blame, not without reason, for the Capitol riot). You’re right, Joe. They do. Including your own. That’s why you need to live up to your stated wish to bring our country together by protecting America’s institutions and the public servants who run them. You need to put your country and its safety before the radical tilt of your party. The stakes, it’s clear, are too high to do anything else.