There’s nothing more luxurious than applying a rejuvenating face mask to your skin when you want a bit of a boost. Not to mention, the vast variety of clay, jellied and peel-off makes the experience a beauty playground you want to swing and slide on. That said, the formulations available ad infinitum begs the question: what’s the best face mask for my skin type? You asked, we answered — and put 37 to the test. What’s more, we consulted a board-certified dermatologist to answer all your burning questions in our FAQ section on what ingredients to look for, tips on how to use each type most effectively and more. (Related: best under-eye masks). “Face masks help cleanse, moisturize and nourish the skin,” Marina Peredo, MD, a board-certified dermatologist specializing in aesthetic dermatology and associate clinical professor at Mount Sinai Hospital with 31 years of experience, told the New York Post. “Different masks can help with different skin concerns; there are face masks that can help with acne, others that can help with hyperpigmentation and others that are nourishing.” And, unlike cleansers, face masks will have longer contact with the skin which can give you an added benefit. Ahead, Peredo highlights what ingredients to look for, depending on your skin type: As commerce reporters who are a-buzz with all things skincare, we knew we had to tag-team on this months-long review — especially since we have dry and sensitive skin and combination and oily skin, respectively. Enjoy reading our first impressions and long-term testing notes to help aid your skincare routine into pure bliss. Click to jump to a specific face mask for every skin type: This face masks blew up all over the internet, as no other skincare mask works quite like it We applied a layer of the pink clay onto our faces and had all impurities, toxins and pollutants be lifted away. But what we loved most about it was how the 4-in-1 treatment left  our skin glowing and tightened our pores. Made with charcoal, kale and willow herb, this detox mask is tough enough to get rid of grime and build up but gentle enough to keep your skin healthy and smooth. If you’re someone who struggles with oily skin, blemishes, blackheads and skin clogging nasties, then you’ll especially love this find. The closest thing you’ll find to an at-home facial? This Youth To The People resurfacing treatment. It’s not as thick as a typical clay face mask, but rather feels like a soft cream with added texture. Simply apply, scrub away in circular motions and look forward to a completely renewed complexion. We will say, if you have sensitive skin, you’re going to want to use this one sporadically, as no one wants irritated skin. Ideal for all skin types, this clay mask tackles enlarged pores, excess oil, dull skin and uneven texture. We love it because it’s made without parabens while still getting the job done. And did we mention it’s incredibly gentle for being an exfoliating mask? Because it is. Take your skincare to the next level with this Biossance renewing mask. In as little as 10 minutes, this mask polishes away dull, dry patches, minimizes fine lines, improves discoloration and shrinks enlarged pores. The after effect? Glowing smooth skin. While this is a men’s face mask, we think skincare is for all. Packed with acne and inflammation fighting ingredients, your skin will undoubtedly enjoy this perfect relaxation-inducing treat. We know ours did! Plus, this face mask purifies, evens skin tone and restores. As fans of cookies and cream ice cream, we knew we had to try Fenty Skin’s new Cookies N Clean Whipped Clay Detox Face Mask. Since it’s infused with salicylic acid, it “exfoliates the surface of the skin and penetrates into pores to remove oil,” according to  Hadley King, MD, a board-certified dermatologist in NYC and clinical instructor of dermatology at Weill Cornell Medical Center. And indeed, it did. Its decadent whipped texture is enough to use again and again. We love how it’s a detox mask without being too tightening. Instead, it’s apt for any skin type and leaves your skin soft and bouncy. Made popular on TikTok, we knew we had to try Caudalie’s Instant Detox Mask which grew a cult-following, basically, overnight. Not only is its packaging akin to what you’d find at a day spa, but its firming nature is especially great for that purifying feel, one we’d recommend for mature skin, specifically (though we’re in our 20s and adore it all the same). Its caffeine and rose clay combination is one of the most effective and skin-boosting we’ve tried, too. Keep in mind that it may take a bit longer to wash off (but it’s worth the extra work). If we could write a love letter to Alpyn Beauty, we would. A note from Victoria: I use the entire line — from its bubbly cleanser to top-rated moisturizer almost every day, and that says something considering I test a bunch of beauty products. While it’s not an oversized container by any means, quality over quantity is the name of the game for this clean beauty brand. The founder of the brand handpicks ingredients from nearby fields, too, so the wild huckleberry is fresh and a natural ingredient for polishing your skin to near-perfection. We came across Kiehl’s Since 1851’s Ultra Facial Overnight Hydrating Face Mask on social media — and boy, are we thrilled it appeared on our feed. When applied to your face, the texture is almost like a room-temperature sorbet, feeling baby smooth and lightweight to the touch. While we recommend any skin type trying it out for that much-needed skin refresh, it’s impeccable on dry skin, specifically, removing some of the flakiness that inevitably appears on our jawlines and eyebrow area. All of Korres’ products make us want to book a flight to Greece ASAP (so if you love that vibe, we’re just about sure you’ll love the brand’s Pomegranate Triple-Dose Resurfacing Mask. It’s fairly priced compared to some others we tested and noticeably targets oiliness, pores and uneven texture, making up the ultimate skincare trifecta you can imagine. It’s one of the best for combination skin, namely because its texture leans in the middle of ultra-whipped moisturizer and lightweight serum. Oh, Ole Henriksen, how we love you. If there’s a face mask that has that green-pigmented, self-care charm, it’s the brand’s Cold Plunge Pore Mask — a renowned formulation that has a bit of a minty scent to enliven and refresher your skin. Though we enjoy it for making even the smallest of our pores even smaller, it’s stellar for combining active botanicals like green tea, eucalyptus and kelp algae to add to its soothing charm. Summer Fridays has been a brand we’ve always wanted to try, and, after doing so, its Jet Lag Mask made the cut. Mostly purchased for its throw-in-your-travel-bag aesthetic or to pamper yourself after a long flight, we love using it on random Monday nights at home all the same. Because of its versatile, buildable consistency, it doubles as your daily moisturizer with just a few squeezes and your ultimate face mask with just a bit more pumped out of the tube. It’s 100% vegan and cruelty-free, too, so it’s optimal for sensitive skin, especially. First Aid Beauty’s FAB Pharma Arnica Relief & Rescue Mask has a cult following, so we decided to give it a test. It helped our skin become more soft and supple and we saw it even helped mitigate the appearance of dark circles (a score!) For a new product to try, this one’s a great one to add to your shopping cart. In just 10 minutes, our skin felt revitalized and hydrated. Want to know how? Well, it was all thanks to this cornflower and sea kelp face mask by Sand & Sky. By soothing redness, strengthening the skin’s barrier and deeply moisturizing the skin, the face is left with lasting hydration, luminous skin and an overall improved skin texture. First and foremost, this face mask smells just like coffee and we are obsessed with it! So much so, we can’t even espresso how much we love it. But beyond the delicious smell, this jelly and exfoliating face mask wipes away any and all dead skin cells to leave behind a radiant and hydrated complexion. Just talking about it gets us excited for our next at-home spa day! Ready to get glowing skin while you sleep? Us too! This watermelon mask smooths, refines and boosts radiance all while you sleep. It sounded too good to be true, so we put it to the test. To our surprise, it went above and beyond, and this pillow-proof mask packs amino-acid, hyaluronic acid and AHAs into one easy-to-use face mask. You won’t believe it, but this face mask uses real ruby powder to give skin the gorgeous glow it deserves. Best of all, it’s a no-mess peel off mask that applies like a jelly mask. Once it’s time to remove, it’s comes off with no painful tugging or pulling. We don’t know about you, but we love a quick and easy mask that you don’t have to think about. That’s exactly what this Pipette brightening mask does, as it works while you sleep. Simply apply to your skin before you go to bed and let the mask tackle discoloration and dullness. Get baby soft skin with this Beautycounter AHA smoothing facial mask we are in love with. In just 10 minutes, your skin can look and feel revived with chemical and physical exfoliants. Further ingredients include AHA glycolic acid and bamboo particles to give your skin a boost of hydration, a soothed feel and a soft complexion. If you struggle with redness, spider veins or dehydrated skin, this is the mask for you. Used as an overnight treatment, the creamy-gel mask calms and reduces visible redness. Some reviews even claim that this mask helps with acne, so you already know what we are trying out next! OK, if you’re skin is super dehydrated, we can’t recommend Belif’s Aqua Bomb Sleeping Mask enough. It’s one of the best night creams we reviewed, too, much ado to its cooling, ocean-like dollop that’s like a burst to your parched skin. It also gives our skin a fresh glow, too, making it a superb brightener and skin-boosting moisturizer simultaneously. Drunk Elephant is the Queen B of luxury skincare, and for a good reason — with one try of the brand’s F-Balm Electrolyte Waterfacial Mask, you won’t go back. Its packaging is one of the best for on-the-go use, too. This plumping mask helps to restore your skin’s moisture and create a smooth base to kick off your next day’s start. Pro tip: we’ve used this as a makeup primer and never looked back. When it comes to niacinamide, we automatically want to snatch every skincare product in sight. Much to our delight, Farmacy has a fabulous 10% Niacinamide Night Mask that has that sleepytime, self-care aesthetic we can’t skip. Specifically, this product helped to balance our skin with its antioxidant-rich blueberry seed oil. Though infused with a fruity touch, it isn’t too fragrant to break out sensitive or acne-prone skin. If you’re looking for a new soothing mask to try, this one’s it. With a texture and subtle scent much like your refreshing lemon Italian ice, Innisfree’s Brightening & Pore-Caring Sleeping Mask has that luxury feel without the luxury price. It’s similar to Belif’s mask in that it’s refreshing and cooling, though this one has a bit more texture to help really clarify your skin. If you’re on the hunt for that dreamy jellied mask, pick up this one ASAP. From the brand that brought you its top-of-the-line Lip Sleeping Mask (one of the best lip balms we tested), Laneige has a fabulous Water Sleeping Mask that’s gentle, skin-nurturing and a great addition to your evening skincare routine. We love it for its focus on dry skin, though it’s also recommended for combination and oily skin. It was designed with hydration in mind, most impressively, and it contains squalane for that adds to its moisturization properties even more. If you’re looking for a jellied face mask that leans more toward your heavier moisturizer than a bouncy jelly texture, you’re in luck. Youth to the People has a phenomenal Hydrate + Glow Dream Mask — infused with vitamin C — that we reach for frequently when we want a brightening detox. Namely, it’s antioxidant-rich (thanks, super berries!) and was one of the best we tested for dull skin. Plus, it has hyaluronic acid in its formula to increase skin moisture and reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Supercharged with collagen and bakuchiol, a plant derived retinol alternative, we swear by this face mask. Not only is the science there to back this mask up, but this pick also invigorates skin to appear plump, firm and lifted while toning and brightening the skin. A sheet mask that conforms and holds to the contours of the face? Sign us up! This Perricone sheet mask packs vitamin C, ester, copper tripeptide and phospholipids into one treatment that work together to improve dull skin, uneven texture, discoloration and more. Individually, 111skin’s sheet masks are a splurge (and a great one at that), and you simply can’t beat Celestial Black Diamond Face Mask. It’s tough to choose a favorite from this list, but the soft black texture of this mask is hard to come by — and, it made us think, “wow, my skin actually feels smoother and fresher than ever. It’s even great for mature skin, helping to reduce the appearance of frown lines and giving the neck and décolletage area some love. For a calm and luxurious feel, this is where it’s at (especially for making your skin look like a “natural glow” Instagram filter shortly after use). If you’re on a budget but still crave self-care nights, Banila Co’s Dear Hydration Sheet Mask is less than $5 a pop and great for once-a-week use. Specifically, it’s made with 100% pure cotton (and felt that way on our skin). It’s a no-frills product that still makes you feel a bit more awake, too. We’ve been using Burt’s Bees Hydrating Sheet Masks for years. Truly, we can’t find a better solid skincare essential for the price, especially if you love that refreshing spa aroma and easy-to-wear design. For less than $20, you can snag the six-pack to keep you stocked for months. Charlotte’s having her moment, and we’re going to let her have it. After all, it’s well deserved with the launch of the brand’s Instant Magic Facial Dry Sheet Mask. With just 15 minutes of wear, your skin will feel its very best (plus, it’s the perfect skincare item to wear right before your glam-night makeup. With the brand’s Magic Eye Rescue Cream ($65) and Charlotte’s Magic Cream ($100) applied after, you’re golden. We’re convinced we found the hidden gems of sheet masks, and their name is Dermovia. We can’t believe more people aren’t talking about these. Each one  — from its Rejuvenating Collagen to Smoothing Peptides Mask — has made our skin better than it was prior. Plus, they’re the best for staying put on your face (we’ve seen the struggle firsthand) and make an excellent gift for the beauty lover you know. For less than $20, pick up Dr. Jart+’s Ceramidin Facila Barrier Mask. We enjoyed this product for bringing moisture and an unmatched sense of liveliness to our skin. Plus, it’s perfect if you’re subject to the occasional breakout (even if you don’t have acne-prone skin); it helped make our skin even clearer than before. Loops’ face masks are not only fun to try out (just look at its rainbow color selection!) but they’re just as effective and have a one-of-a-kind quality. The uniquely formulated hydrogel face masks are even intended for different purposes (like your weekly reset or night shift) and will surely add to the aesthetic of your self-care night like no other. If you want a fresher-than-ever sheet mask, look no further than Sephora Collection’s Clean Sea Weed Mask. It’s affordable, is inspired by marine life and hydrates your face on a budget. We even think it’s comparable to Loops Beauty and some other brands we’ve tried in the past. Below, we outlined some of your most frequently asked questions on skincare face masks, turning to our dermatologist expert for additional commentary. The golden question. In short, they do, though it may take some effort to hand-pick the perfect one for your needs and skin type. However, be sure to note these 15-minute formulas, for the most part, won’t be a concrete remedy to some of your skincare concerns. “Face masks are good additions to your skincare routine, but it is not a permanent fix to skin concerns you may have,” Peredo explains. “Having a good skincare routine on top of using a face mask is important. You have to find time to add the face mask into the routine.” “Use a face mask once or twice a week to promote healthy skin,” Peredo advised. “Yes, you can use an eye mask and face mask together,” Peredo said. “The skin around the eye is the thinnest part of the face, so if you want to nourish the area further you can.” For more on eye masks, check out the best under-eye patches we rounded up. “You should apply a face mask after cleansing your face so it is free of any dirt or makeup,” Peredo advises. “After the mask, I recommend applying a serum or moisturizer to lock in moisture.” Peredo likes to put on a face mask in the evening before bedtime while she’s watching her favorite TV show and relax (much like us!) Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.