It is not hard to make Jets defensive lineman John Franklin-Myers smile. Just bring up the potential of the team’s defensive line and get ready to see a lot of teeth. “We don’t have any weaknesses,” Franklin-Myers said after Wednesday’s organized team activities practice. “Everybody brings a different element to the table. … On paper is one thing. You can talk about what we have on paper, but we have to go out there and we have to be that and live that. That’s what our plan is.” The Jets appear to have a very formidable front line on their defense with Quinnen Williams, Franklin-Myers and Sheldon Rankins all back from last year, and the additions of Carl Lawson, who missed all of last season, draft pick Jermaine Johnson, and free-agent signees Jacob Martin and Solomon Thomas. The Jets feel like they now have a deep group that can allow them to send wave after wave at opposing quarterbacks. “It’s exciting to think about what they can become as a group,” defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich said. “This defensive line, this style in which we play, this attack front, it’s best when you’re playing 30-35 snaps a game. We didn’t have that luxury last year because of the depth that we didn’t have, so the fact that we have some more depth now, you can get back to really the essence of this front. Let these guys just absolutely rip it, jump off the ball, run all day long, and then when they get tired, boom, you’ve got another guy to go in for him. A lot of depth, a lot of competition, it’ll be exciting to see who emerges from that group.” Head coach Robert Saleh went deeper on how his team would like to rotate their line. The way Saleh and the Jets see it is that they need to keep those players fresh for key moments. “We ask our D-line to do a lot from an attack standpoint,” Saleh said. “Physically, it is hard unless you’re a freakazoid like a guy like Aaron Donald and can go forever. It’s really not a 30-35 snap count. It’s more of a percentage. If you look at things in the past, in a perfect world, there’s obviously variables, you’re trying to hit a 75 percent mark.” Saleh gave an example using Williams. He said Williams could be in for first, second and third down, and if the opponent converts on third down, they’d get Williams off the field. Williams would stay off on first and second down then return for third down, so he’d play four out of six snaps, or about 67 percent. “You’re just trying to pace it for these guys so they’re as fresh as possible when crunch time hits, those third downs, two-minute, when we need a play,” Saleh said. Franklin-Myers may benefit the most from the additions on the defensive line. Franklin-Myers can now play outside on rushing downs then move inside on passing downs for a more favorable matchup against a guard. Having Lawson and Johnson as edge rushers should change the dynamics for Franklin-Myers. “Inside, outside it don’t matter to me. The message is the same,” Franklin-Myers said. “They’re telling me the same thing they’re telling everybody else, that I’ll probably be moved around a lot. That goes for everybody. They do a good job of putting people in great positions inside and outside. It doesn’t really matter to me.”