Not to throw shade, but it’s time to block out the haters and shine bright. But the only problem is, we don’t want to completely empty our wallets in doing so, because designer shades can cost a fortune, and even regular sunnies or oversized sunglasses can cost a pretty penny too. But we get it — the high price tag associated with many sunglasses has to do with the brand name and design quality, which are two very justifiable price pillars. Though, some of us just can’t afford it. So, what do those of us who want a good name brand, good product build and good price do? Are we simply fresh out of luck? Absolutely not! All it takes is a bit of research, and lucky for you, we already did that for you. Below, find a plethora of cheap sunglasses for men and women that are totally affordable and good quality, which means no broken shades at the bottom of your purse! The best part? These options are being sold for as low as $4! To shop this story by category, click on an option below. Protecting your eyes and while looking good has never been easier. For $20, you’ll score two pairs of fashion-forward sunglasses that go with shorts, tees and hats. With a nod to the famous Top Gun movie, these aviator sunnies are next level. Take them for a wear along the California Coast, or slip them on as you walk to the corner bodega. Wherever you wear these bad boys, you’ll love the gold and tortoise detailing. Sure, you can opt for a single pair of sunnies, or you can choose this three pack. You’ll notice you have the perfect color for each outfit you wear. Plus, the harmful UV rays won’t stand a chance against these polarized sunglasses. Available in five various styles and colors, these Muse Edwards shades will become your new favorite accessory. Pair them with a white tee and jeans for a laid back approach, or wear them with a tie for an elevated look. You can’t beat a pair of $5 shades. They’re ideal for throwing on and taking on your wild adventures. After all, they are only $5. So just add them to your cart already! These semi-rimless sunglasses make for the perfect brow line shades. Not only is this Joopin style great for your inner hipster, but they can also be worn from the coffee shop to the club. Cat eye sunglasses have a special place in our hearts, and these are no different. They are made of thick, durable plastic and come in an array of color and patterns, such as pink, all black, tortoise and more. Pair them with a summer dress for the full effect. Who wouldn’t want a two pack of two popular styles of sunglasses? We know we would! Best of all, these sunnies are polarized, meaning you’ll be keeping the pesky UV sun rays away from your eyes. Just when you thought it couldn’t get any better, Shein drops some irresistible $4 sunnies. Score them in champagne, baby blue or baby pink. Featuring a stainless steel frame, polarized lenses and UV protection coating, these aviators are a must-have. Choose from blue, pink, black, grey and more colors. For some outfit inspo, we suggest reaching for a pair of white shorts and some sneakers. Score these high-quality sunnies at a low-cost price before they’re gone, as over 7,000 people already love them. But our favorite thing about these shades is the gold-toned metal nose bridge and tortoise frame. With 100% UV protection, these oversized square sunnies are ideal. Not only are they perfect for the chunky sunglasses trend, but they also come in almost 20 various styles and polarized options, too. You can never go wrong with a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses. These feature a classic design and fit, yet they are sleek and contemporary. Choose from green, blue or gradient lenses. Use code FRIEND to score the discounted price. It’s not often you can score a pair of high-end Prada sunnies for over half off. Best of all, these babies are 100% UV protective and feature solid lenses, a cat eye frame and a saddle nose bridge. This interchangeable lens design is next level, as it features a three-point fit, allow for all-day comfort and even include glare reduction. So do yourself a favor and score these sunnies ASAP. What’s more fun than a large pair of Burberry shades? Nothing! That’s why we have heart eyes for these oversized square sunnies. Details include a sleek frame, strong arms and luxe design. Gucci shades are undoubtedly some of the chicest sunnies out there. They feature an oversized frame and rhinestone detailing. You’ll be making a statement in no time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.