The mother and teen brother of 7-year-old Julissia Batties were arrested Wednesday for allegedly beating her to death in their Bronx home last summer, ending a nearly year-long wait by the girl’s family for justice to be served. Navasia Jones, 35, and Paul Fine, Jr., 18, were detained on Wednesday morning and charged with murder and manslaughter for killing Julissia, who was returned to her mother despite pleas from the helpless little girl. Fine was also charged with sexual abuse for allegedly assaulting his little sister. The arrest came as a welcome relief for the girl’s grandmother and former caretaker, who has waited nearly one year after the tragic death for the mother to be held accountable. “Oh my God, I’ve never been so happy,” the slain girl’s grandmother Yolanda Davis told The Post. “Oh my God, thank you so much. Oh my God, I really thank him.” “I’m just so happy I’m getting justice for my granddaughter,” she said. “Oh my God, I’ve never felt so great.” “I’m going to court, I gotta see this. This, I definitely gotta see.” Julissia’s dad Julius Batties, told The Post it was a “great day.” “I’m extremely happy for this arrest. I can finally start the process of healing,” he said. “It took almost a whole year but it’s here and I’m ready for this process to keep going.” He added: “I want to thank the detective and the DA for their hard work.” The tragic girl’s lifeless body — with evidence of trauma all over — was found the morning of Aug. 10, 2021 inside an apartment in the Mitchel Houses on Alexander Avenue, cops said. “Mom and brother are both culpable,” a high-ranking police source said. “They both had a role in it, but who delivered the fatal blow is not clear.” After the little girl was found dead, the girl’s mom told cops that she fell and hit her head on a desk. But the teen brother later admitted that he assaulted his sister before she was found dead in their apartment, police sources told The Post a day after the slaying. Fine Jr. allegedly admitted during questioning that he had punched his sister eight times in the face when their mother went to the store around 5 a.m., the sources said. Hours later, the girl started throwing up and passed out, prompting the 35-year-old mom to call 911. Batties was rushed to Lincoln Hospital but could not be saved. The case was ruled a homicide, cops said. She died of “blunt force abdominal trauma,” according to the city medical examiner’s office. Cops have been called to the apartment in NYCHA’s Mitchel Houses on Alexander Avenue six times over the past three years, according to sources, who said that on at least one of those occasions, the mother covered for the teen boy. The last call came in March 2020, sources said. In a heartbreaking audio recording obtained by The Post, young Julissia cried hysterically and begged her grandmother not to send her for a court-ordered weekend visit with her mom. Despite her pleas, Julissia was sent to visit her mother, who lost custody of the girl at birth, along with four sons, due to alleged negligence and physical abuse. Against objections by her grandmother and court-appointed lawyer, the city Administration for Children’s Services last June 21 finally returned Julissia to live with her mother, without supervision, for the first time. She was killed less than two months later.