Former NFL quarterback Jay Cutler was celebrating after he laid eyes on the divorce settlement with his soon-to-be ex-wife, former reality star Kristin Cavallari. “When the settlement came through, I threw a party,”  a laughing Cutler said during a conversation with Clay Travis on the latest episode of his “Uncut with Jay Cutler” podcast. Cutler, who spent most of his 12 NFL seasons with the Bears, said he and Cavallari, 35, “made out OK” in the divorce after splitting in April 2020. Their divorce is not yet finalized, however. The pair had previously been at odds over their finances, specifically Cutler, 39, who expressed his frustration with Cavallari’s desire to purchase another home, according to legal documents obtained by TMZ. “I don’t recommend divorce for anybody, let me go ahead and say that,” Cutler said. “But, it worked out. It worked out for Kristin, it worked out for me. It is what it is.” Cutler’s divorce became a topic of conversation when Travis said, “I would guarantee that you are the first quarterback to get divorced and make money in the NFL off the divorce.” The former Pro Bowl quarterback burst out laughing, and said, “I don’t know what I can say, first of all. I don’t know if I made money, I just didn’t… We did OK.” Cutler — who was selected by the Broncos with the 11th overall pick in the 2006 NFL Draft — married Cavallari in 2013. They share three children together, sons Camden Jack, 9, and  Jaxon Wyatt, 7, and a 6-year-old daughter, Saylor James. “It’s true and funny and it is what it is. It is a happy ending,” Cutler said. “Kristin got what she wanted. I won on the other side of it, so it is what it is. Everybody wins.” Cavallari said in an Instagram Q&A in April that she was ready for a new relationship. Cutler, meanwhile, is believed to be single. When asked if she would tie the knot again, the Uncommon James founder said, “Yes.” “I still very much believe in marriage and I’ve had tremendous growth over the past two years, so I will be entering a new relationship as a different person which really excites me,” Cavallari wrote, adding that she’d be open to having one more child. Cavallari also advised fans to take “the time to work through it, allowing yourself to feel all the emotions” when leaving a “toxic relationship. She added that “it took me literally 2 years to fully heal.”