Roses are red, but rosé is pink and in 2022, it’s the summer’s top drink. National Rosé Day falls on the second Saturday of June — this year on June 11 — which is the perfect time of year to sip on the refreshing and sweet blush-colored wine. Probably the most official unofficial drink of “hot girl summer,” here’s how you can get cases or cans of rosé delivered right to your door. This makes it easier than ever to pack up for a picnic, take to the beach or enjoy in your backyard, bring to the pool or just sip and relax with on a lazy afternoon. Ahead are some of the newest and best brands for summer 2022 to raise a glass to National Rosé Day, and the rest of rosé season of course, which in our humble opinion is all-year-long. Be it classic rosé, a bubbly bottle or canned and ready to go, just say “yes way.” Yes Way Wines took the basic phrase and ran with it all the way to the liquor store. Now sold on Drizly in a variety of types and sizes, pick your favorite to match the occasion, from a hostess gift at a get-together to a perfect pairing on pizza night. If you love a good, crisp rosé, you’re in good company and have great taste. In Good Taste is a wine company with a mission to make your summer drinks the best. They offer a few different brands of rosé, from a Italian brand called Rosé of Sangiovese, to cantaloupe and pomegranate-tasting La Pluma. Call Bev for a great time, all summer long. The canned wine company has taken summer and canned it up, offering not only a still California rosé wine, but a new sparkling option, too, called Bev Glam. Feel bougie on the beach or lounging in the backyard, as well as a little healthier, as the cans contain zero sugar, only three carbs and the original rosé flavor is just 100 calories. If you want the inside scoop on how to best sip rosé, just ask Martha Stewart. This bundle of three wines was chosen by the celebrity chef herself, with varieties from her favorite vineyards in France, Italy and Spain. Travel the world without leaving home, as you can order the bundle right to your door and all three cost about the same as one bottle at your local liquor store. Access to some of the best rosé right at your fingertips. Wine Access is a database for wine lovers, especially if you love the pink stuff. Head over to the rosé and sparkling tab on the site and check out what they have to offer. Stock up, as they offer free shipping on any six bottles or a purchase of $120 or more. Kim Crawford knows a thing or two about wines, and we think you should listen to him when it comes to the pink variety. Kim Crawford hails from New Zealand, but his wine is some of the best-selling in the United States. You can get a bottle (or bottles) from Drizly, starting at just $16.99 and have it sent right to your door in time for the holiday weekend or for any occasion involving a wine glass. If you want your rosé to have a little extra pop, this sparkling champagne blend is sure to please. Chandon makes a brut rosé champagne blend, perfect for summer soirées or an evening of celebration. Sold on Drizly, get it delivered to your home in a snap and focus the rest of your day on feeling bubbly. As a bonus, it comes in a beautiful pink box which is great for gifting (or keeping for yourself, we don’t judge.) Stay hydrated with Summer Water this season. The trendy rosé brand is delicious, too, and comes in full 750ml bottles in packs of four, eight and 12 for your next summer party. For a little sip of fun, they also sell mini bottles called Rosé Droplets with 187ml in each. Pop some bubbly no matter the occasion, with Nicolas Feuillatte. The brand is number one in France and soon to be here as well, with a crisp and clean taste and all the fun bubbles you could want. The rosé variety is perfect for the summer and is now on sale on Wine.com. All other wines pale in comparison to rosé. The Pale is a stunning brand in a matching bottle, making for a great gift to bring to a party or display on your bar cart. The wine is paler in color, hence the name, and has a subtle fruity taste. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.