The plunging economy has been hard on one particular sector — sex workers who say that decades-high inflation has forced their clients to cut back on discretionary spending. Allie Rae, a 38-year-old Massachusetts woman who left her $84,000-a-year nursing job to earn a monthly six-figure income on OnlyFans, told The Post on Friday that she and other online creators have seen their incomes take a hit recently. “Many top creators are hurting really bad,” Rae said. “It’s definitely something that’s happening.” Rae, who during the pandemic earned as much as $200,000 a month, told The Post that her income has fallen 25% in recent weeks. Other OnlyFans performers have seen their incomes drop by as much as 50%, she said. “My traffic has been down a lot,” she said. “I’m working harder than I have ever been.” Rae, who has used some of her OnlyFans earnings to create her crypto-friendly platform for erotic performers, told The Post that as one of the site’s top earners, she can withstand slowdowns. For those at the bottom, however, they may have to find new lines of work. “This is going to weed out small-level creators that are not going to be able to withstand the race,” she said. “If they’re not thinking about other endeavors, they soon will be since a lot of people don’t have that extra income.” Other OnlyFans models said they have noticed similar trends. “I have seen a dip in spenders recently,” Onlyfans model Brie Nightwood told Motherboard. “My whale tippers haven’t been online as often and I’m getting more freeloaders on my page.” Reddit forums frequented by sex workers who service clients at brothels said they have seen their workload decrease significantly in recent weeks. “I just sat at the broth for 6 hours with 0 clients,” one anonymous sex worker wrote on Reddit. “It makes me so pissy and it makes me feel so ugly and not good enough to be booked.” Another sex worker responded: “Same at my broth, I’m only getting bookings here and there from my regs.” “Economy is going to s–t, WW3 potential, inflation out of control,” another Reddit user commented. “People are worried about finances.”