What a waist of money! The voluminous undergarments known as granny panties are having a high-fashion moment. The historic European fashion house Balenciaga — known for crafting It bags for Kate Moss, dressing Hollywood elite on the red carpet and cloaking Kim Kardashian in caution tape — is making headlines with a pair of ribbed jersey briefs. The high-waisted, made-in-Italy undies leave a lot to the imagination and aren’t what most would consider hot, but they will set you back a cool $225. And, they’re dry clean only. (By comparison, a 10-pack of similarly modest assorted cotton briefs from Hanes costs $16 and can be thrown into the washing machine.) The not-so-naughty knickers are drawing comparisons to those worn by Renée Zellweger in the 2001 rom-com “Bridget Jones’s Diary.” In a memorable moment, Hugh Grant rips off Zellweger’s skirt to reveal a surprising choice of romantic lingerie, which Grant deems “absolutely enormous panties.” Balenciaga’s briefs come in several practical colors: white, black, brown, beige and an especially fetching “light beige.” The label also has several variations on granny panties for sale at slightly more reasonable price points, such as the low-waist panty, a relative bargain at $150. This isn’t the first time that Balenciaga has made headlines with unusual undies. Just this past September, the label came under fire for selling a pair of sweatpants called “Trompe-L’Oeil” with boxers woven inside. On social media, people accused the fashion house of racism for “gentrifying sagging.” By comparison, the granny panties are tame in more ways than one. And, while they may remind some of their elders, they’re actually quite modern, according to Colleen Hill, author of “Exposed: A History of Lingerie” and curator of costume and accessories at the Museum at FIT. “Sexiness today is about being comfortable and confident in your own skin. Over the past decade, we’ve witnessed an interest in lingerie styles that promote body positivity and ease of wear over traditionally sexy or risque styles,” Hill told The Post. “There is also a sexiness in not taking yourself too seriously.”