One year before they separated, Google co-founder Sergey Brin and his estranged wife, Nicole Shanahan, quietly purchased a $13.5 million Malibu estate. The transaction took place on Sept. 17, 2020, six months into the coronavirus pandemic — and according to court papers, the two separated on Dec. 15, 2021. Brin officially filed for divorce a few weeks later, in January of this year, citing “irreconcilable differences.” Until now, the identity of the buyer had remained under wraps. But according to Dirt, the five-bedroom, seven-bathroom mansion had been purchased through a secret LLC managed by a San Francisco attorney well known for her very selective client list. Singer Pink had previously owned the home in 2010. It was her primary residence until she sold it in 2016 to French investment banker Matthieu Pigasse for $11.9 million. Located in Point Dume, Brin joined a long list of tech moguls invading the 90265 ZIP code. Marc Andreessen, WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum and Laurene Powell Jobs are just a few who have purchased property in the area. It is unclear at this point who will keep the roughly 6,300-square-foot structure amid their ongoing divorce. The Post has reached out for comment. In the divorce filing, what assets Brin and Shanahan jointly own are not specified or how they will be divided. Instead, they affirm that some do exist and the details of which “are to be determined.” “All issues as to the property rights or obligations of the parties will be determined by confidential binding arbitration in accordance with a written agreement between the parties,” Santa Clara County court records reveal. Initially built in 2005, the previous listing notes “this is Riviera living at its best.” The indoor-outdoor Asian-eque theme of the home gives off island vibes, with features that include tropical landscaping and a Balinese-style pool cabana. A walking path through the back gate leads to the beach at Zumeriez. Other features include a chef’s kitchen with two islands, an expansive study a with wood-burning fireplace, a fitness room, a raised spa and a vegetable garden. There is a separate guest house with a current recording studio and art studio. Shen Shultz with Sotheby’s International Realty represented the seller. Farrah Brittany with The Agency represented Brin in the transaction. Meanwhile, Brin also maintains a home in New York City’s West Village and two homes in Silicon Valley. He purchased the historic Pine Brook estate in Atherton, Calif. for $53 million in 2011. The estate is a 12-acre property originally built in 1911 by a Levi’s heiress, and is considered the most anyone has ever paid for a home in the neighborhood. Additionally, he paid a whopping $80 million for a superyacht named “Dragonfly” in 2009. It’s a significant real estate portfolio. Not bad for a guy who has been labeled as the 7th-richest man in the world, with a net worth to tune of nearly $100 billion. Brin, 48, and Shanahan, 36, married in 2018 and share a daughter. Brin also has two children from his previous marriage to Anne Wojcicki, who co-founded and serves as CEO of the personal genomics company 23andMe.