It can be hard to say no to letting your pet on the bed when they are looking at you with those puppy-dog eyes — but a new study has revealed it might be in the best interest of your health to say no. Dyson released its 2022 Global Dust Study, surveying 12,309 people from 11 countries around the world, finding that 92% of Americans — and 95% of people globally — are cleaning just as much as they did last year. However, despite our homes being cleaner than ever, the study found people are less aware of dust and the health implications it can have, namely when it comes to pets. Scientists said viruses and microscopic dust mite feces that can’t be seen by the naked eye can reside on pets — and can be transferred into your bed. “It is a cause for concern if people only clean when they spot visible dust on the floor, as many dust particles are microscopic in size,” said Monika Stuczen, Dyson’s microbiology research scientist. “In fact, by the time people spot visible dust in the home, it is highly likely that there are dust mites in your home.” People often think that pet hair triggers allergies. However, some allergies are triggered by allergens that can also be found in pet dander. Sixty-five percent of American households now have a furry friend living with them, which is why you should think again about cleaning your sleeping quarters. “Many people think that pet hair is the biggest problem as it is the most visible,” said Stuczen. “It is unsurprising that people are unaware of the other particles that may reside on their pets, because these particles tend to be microscopic in size.” According to Dyson, 79% of Americas do not vacuum their mattresses regularly, despite them being a “hotbed of microscopic life.” The study also found that 3 out of 4 pet owners worldwide are unaware that pollen can reside on their pets. This is particularly concerning after a survey the American Academy of Sleep Medicine published last week found almost half of pet owners (46%) in the US sleep with their pets in the same bed. Many pet owners think visible pet hair is the reason for allergies — however, some allergies are triggered by allergens found in pet dander. A huge 7 in every 10 pet owners are unaware that viruses and dust mite feces can reside on their pets. While nearly half of pet owners groom their pets at home at least once a week, three-quarters of them groom their pets only with a brush or comb, rather than de-shedding tools or vacuum pet grooming tools, meaning microscopic particles remain on their pets, which can potentially spread around the home. “Just because it is out of sight does not mean it should be out of mind,”  Stuczen explained. “Microscopic dust particles like pet dander and dust mite allergens have the largest impact on your health and well-being.”