Dominic Smith has approached and handled his demotion to the minors last month like “a true professional,” according to his manager at Triple-A Syracuse. Smith, who nearly was traded to the Padres during spring training, openly expressed his displeasure with sporadic playing time with the Mets multiple times earlier this season. “He’s been easy. Honestly, it’s been simple with him. He came in ready to go from day one,” Syracuse skipper Kevin Boles told The Post on Wednesday in a telephone interview. “Normally, there’s times if there’s a player that’s disgruntled, we understand that. But that hasn’t been the case with him. He’s come in with a positive attitude, and he’s been ready to work since he got here. “He’s been as easy as they come as far as fitting in with the clubhouse and getting to work. He’s been terrific in every way.” The 27-year-old Smith hit just .186 with no home runs and a .543 OPS in 101 plate appearances for the Mets this season, but the former first-round pick is batting .350 with two home runs, seven RBIs and a .997 OPS over his first 10 games since being sent down on May 31. “You wouldn’t even know that anything has happened. He’s handled himself like a true professional,” Boles said. “His teammates, they love him, he’s been great in our clubhouse. And he’s performing well. He’s swinging the bat well, and he’s playing solid defense, as usual, at first base.” Smith obviously has been blocked at that position by Pete Alonso at the major league level for the past few seasons, although the slick-fielding first baseman made 14 starts there earlier this year with Alonso occasionally serving as the designated hitter in the first full season of its adoption by the National League. Not getting Smith extra work in the outfield in the minors suggests that the Mets still are showcasing him for a trade after nearly dealing him to San Diego in a proposed deal involving Eric Hosmer and pitcher Chris Paddack in March. “With other cases that you have, usually you give them 24 hours, and then it’s time to get to work. But with him, he didn’t even need that. He came in ready to go,” Boles said. “I think he understands, and I know he understands, the big picture. He knows he’s a major league ballplayer. He’s performed well, and we’re just looking forward to getting him back up there.” Boles added that Smith has been working on an adjustment with Syracuse hitting coach Joel Chimelis “to getting his hands in a more comfortable position and creating a little bit of rhythm” with his swing. “His timing has been pretty good, all things considered,” Boles said. “He’s really swung the bat well, he’s had competitive at-bats, he’s worked counts. He’s done some really good things here. “And his defense [at first base] really stands out. It’s plus-defense, no doubt about it. He’s fun to watch, and it’s a special type of player defensively.” As long as that approach continues, Smith’s positive handling of an adverse situation also can serve as an illustration to the team’s minor leaguers with similar aspirations of promotion. “We’ve got a mixed group of [veterans and prospects] here, but he’s been a terrific example,” Boles said. “He’s obviously here to make his own way, too. He’s been a great team player since he’s been here, but he’s just like the rest of the club. He doesn’t want to be in Triple-A. He wants to be a major league ballplayer. “But it’s been a terrific example of how to handle yourself and how to go out and perform and eliminate all of the distractions. He’s really been terrific.”