A black woman who attended the Pride parade in Washington D.C. felt dehumanized and humiliated after taking too long in a Subway bathroom. Dasia Jones, from Maryland, was celebrating at the Pride parade when she suffered a “serious wardrobe malfunction” that exposed her naked body from her crotch up to her breasts. In a panic, she said she ran into a nearby Subway sandwich shop and explained her situation, asking to use the bathroom in order to fix her strapless denim jumpsuit. Jones claimed that the restaurant workers allowed her to use the bathroom but then called 911 less than five minutes later. As Jones and her friend attempted to cover her up, the police began banging on the door as the employees yelled at them to exit the restroom immediately, she claimed in a now-viral Twitter thread picturing the Subway fast-food chain on U Street in D.C. “At this point, I am in tears because I thought I was going to get arrested for no reason!! I was forced out of the bathroom while my breast are exposed in a crowded Subway,” she explained on Twitter, where she amassed 7,921 likes and 4,181 comments in three days. Reps for Subway were aware of the incident, telling The Post that workers were “concerned for her safety.” “Franchise employees are trained to create a safe and welcoming environment for all of our guests and, over the weekend, gave this guest access to the restroom,” the rep told The Post. “The employees called the police only after they received no response from the guest in the restroom over an extended period of time. Franchise employees became concerned for her safety. The authorities checked on the guest and, after confirming she was safe, they promptly left the restaurant. The guest later left the restaurant on her own.” However, Jones said she was in tears while being “publicly embarrassed” when her wardrobe malfunction got even worse and her zipper broke. According to Jones’ account, she said that the police officer recognized the severity of her situation and need for privacy and instructed the employees to allow her back into the bathroom. But once the police left, the employees allegedly kicked her out of the bathroom again, clenching onto her clothes “for dear life” as the restaurant workers threatened to put her on the street half-naked for being a “disruption.” Adding to her embarrassment, she claimed a customer told Jones that she “deserved to be naked” because of her outfit choice. “I am diagnosed with anxiety so now I am hysterical as people are watching me be dehumanized and publicly humiliated,” she said. “I feel stripped of my rights to even feel confident and beautiful.” Besides the comment from one rude customer, Jones said that no one else offered to help or intervene but watched on as the situation escalated. “I literally stood in the subway holding my breast clenched over crying because I felt hopeless and the subway tried to call the police again!!” Jones recounted. Eventually, she said a fellow Pride parade celebrator gave her a transgender flag to wrap around and cover herself. “I have been suffering from extreme anxiety and I have been feeling very sick to my stomach. I am in so much mental pain from this situation. I am just thankful that I didn’t get a crooked cop because that could’ve been the end of my life due to a wardrobe malfunction,” she said. “The confusion and humiliation I felt was unbearable,” Jones told NeedToKnow.online. “I feel like if you didn’t want me in your bathroom, just say no, I would have tried to go somewhere else. This was just the closest accessible place to get myself together.” “My anxiety was at full speed and I felt mentally stripped just as much as I was physically,” she remembered. “The employers just have no respect for humanity whatsoever. I knew during that moment that people are going to know about how disgusting this establishment is.” “We reached out to the franchisee of this location to find out more information about the situation,” a Subway rep told The Post. In 2018, a Subway in Georgia made headlines with a similar situation an employee called the police on a black family of five for visiting the bathroom too many times.