The Princess of Pop and her Prince rode off into the sunset in a white Rolls Royce and lived happily ever after. After Britney Spears and longtime boyfriend Sam Asghari tied the knot at her California mansion Thursday evening, the newly married couple drove away with a “Just Married” sign taped to their vehicle. The automobile was also adorned with bouquets of pink and white roses attached to the back. After the lavish bash, Asghari, 28, and Spears, 40, were spotted getting into the Rolls-Royce to jet off to their next destination. The Iranian-born actor donned a black-sequined T-shirt that said “Britney and Sam.” The car had a soft buttery red interior and gold stamping. The “Toxic” singer’s full ensemble was not visible. However, she sported chunky black boots to leave the party. The duo departed the soirée around 10:15 p.m. with their guests blasting sparklers as they trailed away. The two married in an intimate ceremony at Spears’ Thousand Oaks pad alongside a slew of celebrity guests. Friends such as Madonna — who even gave Spears a smooch at the reception — as well as Selena Gomez, Maria Menounos, Ansel Elgort, will.i.am, Drew Barrymore, Paris Hilton with her husband Carter Reum and mom Kathy Hilton all attended the party. Celebrity party producer Jeffrey Best of Best Events helped the “Me Against the Music” songstress and her man plan their special day. “We really wanted to make this a small and beautiful moment with family and friends,” Spears told Vogue about her magical evening. “We wanted warm and feminine colors including blush, white, cream and gold, and a lot of various shades of pinks, blush and reds.” Designer Donatella Versace created the “Crossroads” star’s dream wedding gown and was also in attendance. The famed fashion icon also designed Ashgari’s sleek tux. The off-the-shoulder wedding dress contained a high slit and a classic white veil with satin edging. Flower arrangements were constructed by Marks Garden and made the ambiance look magical and fairytale-esque. Charlotte and Sofia Tilbury were on hand to generate a natural beauty look for Spears. “I was so thrilled and honored to be asked to design Britney’s bridal beauty look!” Charlotte told Vogue. “Britney is an icon of our time who has inspired and empowered us all with her joy and positive energy. She’s such a natural beauty and has the most mesmerizing big, brown eyes.” The home was transformed into a wedding venue fit for the best of brides. Pink and white roses embellish the area, with a white horse with gold hooves pulling a carriage. Shortly after the 10-minute ceremony, the mother of two and three donned more outfit changes (courtesy of Versace), including a black minidress, a two-toned look and then a red cocktail dress. DJ Albert got the guests dancing and shaking their groove thangs when he spun iconic tracks such as Spear’s 2003 single “Toxic.” Hilton and Spears showed off their famous singing chops by belting out the hotel heiress’ song, “Stars Are Blind.” Spears’ older brother Bryan also made an appearance during the evening’s festivities. Several members of Spears’ estranged family were not at the celebrations, such as her parents Jamie Spears and Lynne Spears, and her sister, Jamie Lynn Spears because, according to E! News, they were not invited. Her sons, Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden James, 15, also opted to miss out on the wedding. Their father and Spears’ ex-husband Kevin Federline’s attorney, Mark Vincent Kaplan, told Page Six yesterday, “They think the focus of this day should be on Britney and Sam, and they are very happy for her moving forward.” Things went haywire just before the ceremony began, with the Grammy winner’s other ex, Jason Alexander, attempting to crash the nuptials and livestreaming the incident on social media. “Britney is shaken but doesn’t want to let this get her down,” a source shared to Page Six ahead of the wedding. “Everyone is thankfully safe, and Jason is no longer on the property,” the insider added. Ventura County police then arrested Alexander, 40, who was charged with trespassing, vandalism and battery charges. Spears and Ashgari got engaged in September 2021 after meeting on the set of her 2016 music video, “Slumber Party.” The pop icon became pregnant earlier this year and sadly suffered a miscarriage.