We’re less than 24 hours away from the start of the Travelers Championship! Having broken down our favorite derivative selections for the event, we can now move on to our next set of picks: the matchup bets. This week, I’ve identified two standard head-to-head markets as well as one three-ball market that I believe give bettors a great chance of cashing a ticket. So, without further delay, here are my three favorite markets at The Travelers. Odds are reflective at the time of writing and subject to movement. Odds via Fanduel Sportsbook A short course that requires a strong putter? Sign me up on Cam Davis. Davis’s best finish this year came at the RBC Heritage (T-3rd), a comparable Dye design to TPC River Highlands. Davis also a bit of a wizard when it comes to Dye designs in general — over his last 24 qualifying rounds, he’s 10th in the field in SG: total and fifth in SG: putting.  Further, Davis is 24th in SG: total across his last 24 rounds on courses under 7,200 yards Davis also arrives in Cromwell with strong irons and putter. He’s gained strokes on approach in seven straight non-major events and has gained with the flat stick in six straight non-majors. On the flip-side, Fowler is a player I’m looking to fade across the board this week. Although his modeling output has improved over the last four qualifying rounds (34th), that’s about the only positive with Fowler. In fact, he’s 125th in the field over the last 12 rounds and 136th across his last 24 qualifying rounds. Fowler also tends to struggle at Dye courses, evidenced by the fact he’s 78th in SG: total and 105th in SG: Ball Striking over his last 24 rounds on Dye tracks. Additionally, Fowler missed the cut at this same event last year. Although both players struggle to find fairways consistently (both are outside the top-100 in good drives gained), I give Davis an edge in virtually every other statistical metric. For those reasons, play the Australian at -140 or better. Odds via BetMGM Not much separates this pair when it comes to the statistical modeling — Niemann is 20th in the 12-round model, Finau is 37th — but I still believe Niemann is worth this price. The one aspect of Niemann’s game that’s particularly remarkable, at least according to the model, is his ability to rack up birdies. Over his last 12 qualifying rounds, the Chilean is 15th in the field in birdies or better gained, while Finau ranks 63rd in the same metric. Furthermore, Niemann tends to perform better on Par 4’s compared to Finau. Across those same 12 rounds, Niemann ranks 19th in the field in SG: Par 4’s while Finau is a mediocre 73rd. Plus, Niemann has the advantage when it comes to strong performances on Dye designs. Over his last 24 rounds on Dye setups, Niemann ranks 18th in SG: total and 20th in SG: Ball Striking. On the flip-side, Finau is 30th in SG: Total and 54th in SG: Ball Striking. One final edge belongs to Niemann and that’s his past record at TPC River Highlands. In three starts at this track, Niemann has never missed the cut and posted a top-10 finish in 2019. As for Finau, he has missed the cut in three straight Travelers Championships after recording three top-25 finishes between 2015 and 2017. For all those reasons, back Niemann here at a course that should limit Finau’s strengths. Odds via BetMGM Day is not someone who models particularly well, but I see good value with him in this three-ball matchup. Over his last eight qualifying rounds, the 2015 PGA Champion ranks out 33rd in my statistical model. That gives him a 16-spot advantage over Cink and a 52-spot advantage over Howell III. Most notably, Day is sixth in SG: Par 4’s over those eight rounds and 17th in birdies or better gained. In the former category, he has an advantage over both Cink and Howell III, while the latter category sees Day only have an advantage over Howell. Plus, Day is a bit of a course horse when it comes to TPC River Highlands. In his last four starts at this event, he’s posted three top-12 finishes to pair with a T-18th back in 2014. In terms of his three-ball competitors, Howell III has never participated in this event while Cink has missed the cut in two of his last four starts to pair with a T-30th and T-2nd. Lastly, one of Day’s best finishes this season came in May at the Wells Fargo Championship. He finished in a tie for 15th, only one shot behind Cink. However, he out-gained Cink both tee-to-green and on approach in that event, a fact I believe gives him an advantage this week. For those reasons, take the Australian at +120 or better at TPC River Highlands.