MINNEAPOLIS — Aaron Boone and the Yankees insisted they didn’t lose confidence Thursday night — even after Gerrit Cole was knocked out in the third inning, having allowed seven runs and five homers to the Twins. “Don’t let us hang around,’’ Boone said of the Yankees’ mindset during their 10-7 comeback win over the Twins at Target Field. But Minnesota let them hang around, and the Yankees improved to 31-11 against the Twins since 2015. Few of those victories, however, came in this fashion. Cole gave up homers to the first three batters he faced and left the game with the Yankees trailing 7-3 in the third inning a night after the Twins had snapped the Yankees’ seven-game winning streak. But the Yankees got a pair of homers from slumping Joey Gallo and a game-tying home run from Aaron Hicks — his first since April 12 — while the bullpen tossed 6 ²/₃ shutout innings. “There was really no doubt we’d come back,’’ said Gallo, who has three homers in his last three games. “It’s not cocky, we just feel we have the offense to string runs together very quickly and it was the third inning. We were down four and had all game to come back. We weren’t panicked at all.” In the end, the Yankees got their MLB-high 16th comeback win of the season in a game steadied by Lucas Luetge, who replaced Cole and tossed 2 ¹/₃ innings, allowing just a walk. Miguel Castro, who got the win, Wandy Peralta, Michael King and Clay Holmes, who earned his ninth save, finished it. Cole called the bullpen’s performance “outstanding.” “It’s the first time we’ve been punched in the mouth early and the team never gave up,’’ Luetge said. The Yankees scored two in the fifth, two in the sixth and took the lead in the seventh on Anthony Rizzo’s single that drove home Aaron Judge. Victory didn’t seem likely when Cole walked off the mound to an ovation in the third inning. Given a 1-0 lead in the first, Cole’s night began with consecutive homers by Luis Arraez, Byron Buxton and Carlos Correa. After the Yankees tied the score in the top of the second on Gallo’s first homer of the night, a two-run shot, Cole faltered again in the second, giving up a three-run home run to Buxton. A homer by Trevor Larnach and a double by Gio Urshela finally ended Cole’s night with one out in the third. Luetge came on and got Jose Miranda to fly to center and Urshela was called out at third on an appeal play. But the Twins were determined to keep the Yankees in the game. Gallo led off the fifth with his second homer of the night off Dylan Bundy and DJ LeMahieu followed with a home run off Jharel Cotton — the 100th of LeMahieu’s career — to get the Yankees to within two runs. “It was nice to see the ball go over the fence,’’ Gallo said. “I’d like a lot more of those.” Gleyber Torres hit a routine pop-up to the middle of the infield to open the sixth. It landed for a single as Correa and Jorge Polanco let it drop. Facing Joe Smith, Hicks homered to tie the score at 7-7. It was Hicks’ second home run of the season, and his first from the left side. “You definitely can’t keep us around too long and tonight kind of proved that,’’ Hicks said. Judge drilled a double off the top of the wall in left-center to open the seventh and scored on Rizzo’s single to left to put the Yankees back on top. Hicks later drove in Josh Donaldson to make it 9-7. The Yankees loaded the bases again in the eighth and added to their lead when Rizzo scored on a wild pitch that got by Gary Sanchez.