Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer will officially step down from the bench Thursday, after the high court releases its final two opinions of this term. In a Wednesday letter addressed to President Biden, Breyer confirmed his retirement would take effect at noon the following day. “It has been my great honor to participate as a judge in the effort to maintain our Constitution and the Rule of Law,” he wrote. At 83 years of age, Breyer is the oldest member of the Supreme Court. He was nominated by President Bill Clinton and confirmed in 1994. Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson has been designated to replace Breyer, making her the first black woman and first former federal public defender to be elevated to the Supreme Court. The Senate confirmed Jackson in April, with three Republicans — Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Mitt Romney of Utah — voting with all 50 Democrats in favor. “This past January, I wrote to inform you of my intent to retire from regular active service as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, upon the Court rising for its summer recess,” Breyer wrote to Biden. “You have nominated and the United States Senate has confirmed the Honorable Ketanji Brown Jackson to succeed me in the office, and I understand that she is prepared to take the prescribed oaths to begin her service as the 116th member of this Court.” It is unclear when or where the swearing-in of Jackson will take place. The court’s next term is due to begin Oct. 3. The Supreme Court will release its penultimate opinion of this term at 10 a.m. Thursday, with the final ruling due approximately 10 minutes later. One of the cases still to be settled is West Virginia v. EPA, which could restrict or uphold the Environmental Protection Agency’s authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from power plants. The case stems from a lawsuit by West Virginia, other Republican-led states and coal companies that are appealing a lower court ruling which protected the federal agency’s regulatory authority through the 2019 Affordable Clean Energy rule. If the court sides with the states, the ruling would be a massive blow to the Biden administration and is likely to stoke concerns that a similar ruling restricting an agency’s power could be applied to issues of workplace safety, consumer protections or public health. The other opinion expected Thursday concerns the Trump-era “Remain in Mexico” immigration policy that the Biden administration has attempted to end several times. The administration claims that the policy — formally known as the Migrant Protection Protocols — is not the best tool for deterring unlawful migration, exposes migrants to unacceptable risks, and detracts from the executive branch’s foreign relation efforts to manage regional migration. However, supporters of the policy claim it has helped in reducing migrant flow into the United States. Biden first paused the policy immediately after taking office and the Department of Homeland Security officially ended it in June 2021. The White House requested the Supreme Court hear the case in December after an appeals court rejected the administration’s attempts to wrap up the program, saying it had acted with “no input from Congress, no ordinary rulemaking procedures, and no judicial review.”