It’s sex, drugs and rock ‘n roll, alright. Lollapalooza is the top music festival for random sex and drugs, a new study found. Researchers interviewed 1,006 festival-goers, from Baby Boomer aged to Gen Z, to learn how they let loose at the country’s most popular music festivals. The survey, conducted by health guidance website Innerbody Research in April, revealed that 84% of fans were planning to take drugs at a music festival this year. More than nine out of every 10 festies admitted they’ll be on something while listening to their favorite performers — with tickets to Lollapalooza (96%), Rolling Loud (95%), Burning Man (94%), EDC (94%), Coachella (93%), Bonnaroo (92%), Rock Fest (91%) and SunFest (90%) The poll found that 64% of Lollapalooza attendees will be using marijuana, 41% will be on cocaine and 37% will be tripping on LSD (acid), MDMA (molly) or mushrooms — or all three — while jamming to J-Hope, Dua Lipa, Green Day and more at Chicago’s Grant Park, July 18-July 31. Lollapalooza’s followers aligned with the overall responses from all music festival guests, who said marijuana (51%) is their most commonly used festival drug, followed by cocaine (23%), mushrooms and MDMA (19%). Of course, high drug use can lead to high risk situations, as most festival-goers (84%) had experienced a substance-related injury at a festival with the majority (59%) vowing they’ll be sober next time they buy tickets to a show. Festivals have a potentially dangerous reputation for romanticism, especially at Lollapalooza (30%), SXSW (28%) and Coachella (27%), where fans are most likely to have sex with a stranger, according to the study. Lollapalooza did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment. These findings come as sexually transmitted diseases (STD), drug use and overdoses have been on the rise since the pandemic began in late 2019. Health officials across the country have warned that STDs levels remained high throughout pandemic, with a specific growth in syphilis cases. Meanwhile, drug use and overdose deaths around the world have increased dramatically since 2019. Other than just saying “no,” experts say users should test drugs, carry overdose medication and seek medical personnel if a drug experience goes awry. Unfortunately, too few are aware of these resources. According to Inner Research, “Drinking lots of water, buying from a ‘trusted source,’ and microdosing are the top three safety strategies festival-goers reported practicing.”