After flirting with another win on the PGA Tour, Justin Thomas made it clear that he will not be bolting for the rival Saudi-backed LIV Golf — and took some shots in the process. Following his third-place finish at the RBC Canadian Open, the recent PGA Championship winner shared a message on his Twitter account Sunday evening. “What a week. That’s why we play, and that’s why we play on the @PGATOUR,” Thomas tweeted. “Got to battle against one of the best today and got out dueled, but not without a fight. Congrats to @McIlroyRory on his 21st () win and an amazing finish. Can’t wait for @usopengolf!” The reference to McIlroy — who was tied with Thomas with two holes to go in the tournament before pulling away — winning his 21st PGA Tour event was a dig at Greg Norman, chairman of the controversial LIV Golf league. Norman has 20 PGA Tour wins, and McIlroy broke the tie by defending his Canadian Open title. McIlroy also took a similar shot at Norman, who previously said the Northern Irish star was “brainwashed by the PGA Tour.” “This is a day I’ll remember for a long, long time,“ McIlroy said. “Twenty-one PGA Tour wins, one more than somebody else.” LIV Golf had their inaugural event over the weekend, won by former Masters champ Charl Schwartzel. After the initial curiosity, viewership on their online-only broadcast rapidly declined after the first day, falling to only around 43,000 viewers on Friday, per the Action Network. While the Canadian Open didn’t have the $4.75 million winning purse that the LIV event at Centurion Club near London had, they certainly had the more exciting action. McIlroy needed an immaculate round to keep pace ahead of Thomas, who at one point made six birdies in a row, and Justin Rose, who shot a stunning 10-under 60 on the last day. McIlroy himself shot a 62 to bring home the win. Those who participated in LIV are eligible to play in the U.S. Open in Brookline, Mass. this week. PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan defended his decision to suspend them from Tour events, saying, “we’re not going to allow players to free ride off of our loyal members.”