New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with the NBA Finals Game 4 just hours away, This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Trailing two games to one, the Warriors have a chance to even the series back up on Friday night when they take on the Boston Celtics in Game 4 of the NBA Finals. After a road loss in Game 3, the Warriors will have another chance to extend their NBA-record streak of 26 consecutive series’ with at least one road win. The Warriors trailed by as many as 18 points in the first half, but a strong third quarter had the deficit down to four points going into the final frame. The Dubs were outscored 23-11 in the fourth quarter, making just 5-of-15 field goals and 1-of-9 3-point attempts, and turned the ball over eight times compared to the Celtics one. The Celtics limited the Warriors in the paint, which has been a key factor all series long. The Warriors have now shot below 50% from the floor in all three games. That’s been the formula for Boston all postseason: Protect the ball and force other teams to beat its set defense. The Celtics are 0-5 when turning it over at least 16 times, as they did in Game 2. When they don’t? They’re 14-2, outscoring opponents by 10.9 points per game. Celtics fans would have bitten your arm off to be in this position, and make no mistake, Boston deserves to be here. Neutrals in this one would surely prefer a Warriors win, but it would be a great story if the Celtics could take a 3-1 lead, and wrap up the NBA Championship in five. Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. 21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.