If David Stearns makes the trip to Queens and takes a seat in an executive suite, the question hovering over the Mets’ season would literally be watching them from on high. Stearns and the Mets could get a good look at each other this week. As the Brewers visit Citi Field for the only time this season in a series beginning Tuesday, it will be the first time the Mets see the outfit the Milwaukee president of baseball operations has assembled about eight months after the Brewers would not allow Stearns to interview with the Mets. The 34-28 Brewers again are competing for an NL Central title and aiming for a fifth-straight postseason appearance on the back of top-flight pitching — a rotation led by Corbin Burnes and bullpen led by Josh Hader — with a payroll that Spotrac pegs as the 18th-highest in MLB. Stearns has helped build a consistent threat, which led to the Mets requesting an interview last offseason while seeking a president of baseball operations. Milwaukee owner Mark Attanasio, who hired Stearns as his general manager in September 2015, denied the request. The Mets’ long and interview-filled search ended without the position being filled. Instead, Steve Cohen and Sandy Alderson pivoted in mid-November to hiring Billy Eppler as GM — not president of baseball operations. Eppler has put together the National League’s best team through 2 ¹/₂ months, but it is still possible the Mets could add a position above him next offseason. “There will be at least a year’s runway for that [GM] to demonstrate their ability and their potential,” Alderson said a week before hiring Eppler. “I’ve said this to others in the past, that’s the opportunity. That’s all you can ask for. And demonstrated ability tends to get rewarded.” Eppler has done well with a job that surely looks better than it did last winter, when the Mets consistently struck out in trying to lure top talent for their front office. Stearns, The Post’s Jon Heyman has reported, has an opt-out in his contract if he goes far in the postseason. There is a belief the New York City native has interest in the Mets’ top baseball job, Heyman has reported. Stearns grew up a Mets fan and even interned for the team in 2008.