No one has a career filled with more glory than Morgan Freeman. When it comes to iconic actors of the modern day, there are few who hold a candle to the mighty 85-year-old actor that has enjoyed a career that has spanned over five decades. With one of the best voices in Hollywood, known for his narration as well as his on-screen performances, the star has racked up numerous awards, including a SAG Life Achievement Award. Having once served in the military, Freeman, has been outspoken on issues he believes in, including the backing of police. With a career as extensive as his—including film, theatre and documentaries—it is no wonder that he has built the tremendous legacy that he has Freeman burst onto the Hollywood scene with breakout films “Glory,” “Lean on Me,” and “Driving Miss Daisy.” Throughout his career, he’s had numerous collaborations with the iconic Clint Eastwood, such as “Unforgiven” and “Million Dollar Baby,” which garnered Freeman his one and only Oscars trophy from the Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor.  More recently, fans of the emerging superhero genre will also know him for his turn in Christopher Nolan’s “The Dark Knight Trilogy” alongside Christian Bale. So what does his astrology say about the man beneath it all? What lies ahead for him—more success, retirement or a scandal or two? Was he meant to become one of the most widely respected actors of the modern era? Join me as we dive into his stars because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Morgan Freeman was born on June 1, 1937. This makes him a feisty Gemini Sun with an intellectual Aquarius Moon. His birth time make him a fiery Aries Ascendant. When viewing his overall elemental energies, we can see that he is heavily composed of Fire and Earth. This means that he is immensely passionate, but because he also carries a very grounded and balanced nature, he knows how to focus his energy in resourceful and practical ways. This is a man who holds his own—and is proud of it. First and foremost, the theme that repeats itself in his birth chart is that Freeman has a mesmerizing effect on people. His Venus, the planet of art and attraction, is especially active in his chart. However, with other celebrities it may be a more dominating and hypnotic effect, Freeman’s enchantment of others and the world actually comes from his poise, charm and genuine likability. His Moon links to Venus, making him a habitually cheerful human being who is immensely talented within the arts. He’s drawn to beauty and harmony and because of this, ends up being seen as refined and popular. He loves to make people happy because underneath it all, he tends to be happy! His Mercury links to Neptune, bringing him a lyrically quality to his art and voice. This is what makes him so visionary and poetic, which has led him to his accomplishments in the artistic world. His charm is coy and loving. To back this up even more, his Venus links to Jupiter, bringing him grace and even more talent in the arts and an ability to make a dynamic impression upon the public. His Venus does link to Pluto, too, bringing him personal magnetism, as well as intensity around his emotions and relationships. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Next, his chart speaks of his ambition and natural abilities as a leader. People want to follow and listen to him. His Jupiter links to Pluto, bringing him significant focus and the ability to transform himself and others through his work. His Mars, the planet of drive, dances with Jupiter, the planet of expansion, bringing him great luck and fortune throughout his lifetime, particularly because of his innate sense of confidence and a desire to work with—and help—his fellow man. Last I’ll mention is that his Mars also links to Pluto, further giving him the strength to power through toward anything he sets his mind upon. Freeman is truly one-of-a-kind. Currently in 2022, Freeman is in a unique transition in his life. First off, Saturn, the planet of life lessons, is spinning in his sector of aspirations and communities. He’s been cutting out false dreams, contacts and friends who don’t serve his greater happiness, but also forging new ones, instead. While this may initially sound difficult, it’s actually helping him to be more purposeful and save his energy and time for what—and who—matters the most to him. Also, he’s in a very deeply reflective and spiritual trend in 2022 and the first half of 2023, but will go through an exhilarating rebirth, filled with more energy, vigor and optimism for what lies ahead. His reflective nature on his life up until this point has likely helped him to sense the true meaning of his legacy and what life is all about. Happily, 2023 and 2024 will bring him many opportunities for rebirth, new beginnings and abundance, as Jupiter, the planet of miracles, will unite with all of his planets in Aries, Taurus and Gemini. I do encourage him to watch his health, though, as eclipses taking place in his Ascendant over the coming years could be a bit draining on him. However, he still has so much to be proud of, as I’m sure he—and many others—know he has brought so much light to the world. You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.