Just days after Johnny Depp won his defamation case against ex-wife Amber Heard, a Los Angeles apartment where the pair spent much of their 15 months of married life is coincidentally set to hit the market, The Post has exclusively learned. The penthouse unit is one of five which Depp, 58, once owned atop downtown LA’s iconic Eastern Columbia Building. Following his and the now 36-year-old Heard’s 2016 divorce, the actor listed and sold all five penthouses for a combined $12.78 million. The units, interconnected when the couple lived there, were subsequently disconnected. The one coming up for sale Friday will list for $1.76 million and is configured as a one-bedroom, two-bathroom. Public records show that it last sold for $1.42 million in 2017, and has also listed as a $5,500-a-month rental since Depp moved out. “It’s just coincidental timing,” agent Ernie Carswell, who holds the listing with fellow Douglas Elliman agent Rick Tyberg, told The Post of the unit hitting the market almost immediately following the defamation trial’s closure. Since the “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor left, the apartment has not only been detached from the adjacent ones but also “streamlined.” Depp’s “unmistakable, bohemian style”  was also significantly renovated out of the space. “It really was a mansion in the sky when Johnny lived there, ‘cause it was all open,” said Carswell. Carswell couldn’t confirm if this portion is where Heard’s sister admitted to living or where Heard allegedly punched Depp, but he does know that this unit, with its “very large bedroom with views looking east,” comprised “one of [Depp and Heard’s] favorite spaces,” where they “spent a good amount of their time.” Even without the other adjacent penthouses, this one — PH4 — has “incredible volume and height, and you step out to the building’s rooftop swimming pool, which is about as dramatic as it gets in Los Angeles.” The colorful and architecturally stunning building has served as the set of many movies. Centrally located on downtown’s Broadway, it boasts in-building amenities including a spa, a gym, a Zen garden, a 24-hour concierge service and, of course, the rooftop pool. “Very few people in the building used the pool, but I know [Depp] and Amber enjoyed it,” Carswell added. Additionally the blue terracotta-tiled tower is historically protected and recognized under the Mills Act, offering significant tax incentives to its owners. “It’s definitely not a typical Los Angeles residence at all, which makes it so special,” said Carswell. Additional reporting by Mary K. Jacob