The creator of “Libs of TikTok,” the controversial, right-leaning Twitter account, has been locked out by Twitter over a series of tweets detailing drag shows that target young children. Seth Dillon, the CEO of the right-leaning satirical news site Babylon Bee who recently announced that he had provided financial backing to “Libs of TikTok” creator Chaya Raichik, tweeted on Wednesday that Twitter locked her out. “BREAKING: Twitter just locked out @libsoftiktok for posting a thread about several recent drag shows for kids,” Dillon tweeted. “The thread allegedly violates Twitter’s rules against ‘abuse and harassment’.” “You know what’s actually abusive? Drag shows for kids.” Dillon, whose satirical site was suspended by Twitter after a news story named transgender Biden official Rachel Levine as “man of the year,” also posted a screenshot of a message sent by Twitter to “Libs of TikTok” demanding that the tweet threat be deleted. The Post has reached out to Twitter seeking comment. “You can promote drag shows for kids on Twitter. That’s fine,” Dillon tweeted. “You can even share videos of yourself performing in them.” He added: “The only thing you can’t do is criticize them. Somehow the feelings of a few drag queens matter more to Twitter than the corruption of a generation of children.” “Libs of TikTok” posts TikTok videos from liberals who often speak about gender identity and other hot-button issues that have become a staple of political and cultural debates. The account has amassed more than 1.2 million followers. In April, Washington Post internet culture reporter Taylor Lorenz sparked criticism when she identified the account user as Raichik, who insisted on maintaining anonymity. Supporters of Raichik accused Lorenz and the Washington Post of “doxxing” her by revealing sensitive information about her private life that could be used by opponents to harass her. Critics accused Lorenz of hypocrisy after it was claimed that she showed up at the home of the woman’s relatives to ask questions. Earlier this year, Lorenz appeared on MSNBC and broke down in tears when describing online “harassment” she says she was subjected to by critics. “Libs of TikTok” posted a photo of Lorenz knocking on doors of relatives and family members during her reporting. Lorenz defended her decision to reveal the woman’s identity, tweeting: “Reporters make phone calls, send messages, show up places, and knock on doors when reporting out a story.” Lorenz added: “I reported this story out extensively, using every tool I had, to ensure I had the correct woman.” In response to criticism that she targeted a private citizen who wished to remain anonymous, Lorenz tweeted that the social media user “isn’t just some average woman with a social media account” but is instead a “powerful influencer operating a massively impactful right wing media shaping discourse around LGBTQ+ rights.”