Let’s get sensitive! Welcome to Cancer Season, the time of year where we fully embrace the beginning of summer. Hot on the heels of the Summer Solstice, we turn within to understand our inner needs, emotional strength and reflect on what means the most to us as we stand within the longest days of the year. The mighty Sun will swim within the tide pools of Cancer from June 21 until August 22. Cancer is symbolized by the Crab and embodies our emotional center. This Water sign encourages us to build our stability and security, as well as pay attention to our intuition. We connect with our families, better understand our place in our heritage and can improve our homes and domestic lives. Cancer is the fourth zodiac sign on the wheel, known as a Cardinal sign. This helps us to pioneer into emotional growth and understand our most basic needs. Ruled by the Moon, the luminary of emotions, Cancers crave to nurture those around them, develop a sacred space and nourish their souls. Take a deep dive into global trends and predictions for what’s hot—and what’s not in Fashion, Music, Fitness, Hair, & Finance (Cryptocurrency & NFTs!) and Beauty for Cancer Season 2022! Do not miss it! Be sure to follow me, all my favs and everything in pop culture astrology to stay in the know! Follow celebrity stylist, Jana Rae. WHAT’S IN for Women’s & Men’s Fashion: Cancer Season kicks off the arrival of summer and nothing brings the “summer feels” like the Cannes Film Festival!  Global film industry players and celebrities gather in the south of France in the seaside resort of Cannes to bring the watery Cancer vibes to celebrate the industry’s brightest! While Cannes is known as an International Film Festival, it’s also all about the industry’s brightest celebrities gracing the red carpet. Follow celebrity music producer, Craig J Snider. WHAT’S IN: Our Cancer Season pick is “Running Up That Hill” by Kate Bush, the classic 80s ode to love returns with a vengeance. Simultaneously dominating TikTok and “Stranger Things,” Kate is back on all our virtual airwaves! The song is a classic ode to love with a twist. It’s about a couple that has a strong love, but it creates problems and insecurities. “If I only could I’d make a deal with God, I’d get him to swap our places”: she wishes that the man could experience what its like to be a woman and vice versa. The lyrics actually transcend gender and are as insightful now as they were over 30 years ago. Imagine if we could do that: what that would mean for all the misunderstandings that we endure in our current world? The production surprisingly holds up and could be something you could hear on a 2022 playlist. Kate inspired multiple generations that came after, a true pioneer indeed. Follow celebrity fitness trainer, Don Saladino. WHAT’S IN: Here’s your Cancer season fitness tip: Open Books. This is a great movement to open up your thoracic spine and get some movement in the upper torso. (Can also be easily done on a beach towel) Enjoy! Special Discount Code for New York Post Readers: NYPost for 25% off all his programs here. Don has previously spoken with the New York Post in regards to being a superhero trainer for mega stars such as Hugh Jackman and Blake Lively. Follow celebrity hairstylist, Brandon Liberati. WHAT’S IN: It’s Cancer season: my favorite zodiac sign! Being a Cancer myself, this hair trend gives me all the FEELS. The element that rules this zodiac sign is Water. So naturally “Liquid Hair” is this season’s hottest trend! Unlike this trend’s predecessor “Glass Hair” which had blunt, sheet-like straightness, “Liquid Hair” is silky and smooth, much softer just like this sensual zodiac sign. Cancerians favor fluid movements like the tide (and their moods), so this hair trend moves like water with plenty of shine as it catches the sun just like a calm summer day in July at the ocean’s edge. Follow celebrity hairstyle, Kristan Serafino. The dichotomy of Cancer’s hard shell lining and soft, sensitive and compassionate interior makes perfect sense for a bolder direction of Men’s hair.  From Justin Beiber’s longer buzz cut, to Jay Z’s thick twists, to Korean boy band Min-Ho’s bleach blonde hair and JungKook’s strong middle part, all styles are bold and prominent which falls in-line with what we will see in the weeks ahead in Cancer Season! Serafino Says Pro Tip: Don’t forget to try THE BEST PASTE.™ Kristan Serafino has recently worked with Ryan Reynolds, Danny Devito, Sir Kenneth Branagh and Richard Gere! Follow cryptocurrency investor, Amanda Maxwell. WHAT’S IN: As almost anyone can tell you, the crypto/stock market has officially entered a bear market. This can obviously have you feeling very emotional this Cancer Season, and rightfully so. Since the beginning of this year, crypto and stocks have taken quite a hit as the Fed withdraws their stimulus programs, which of course leads to temporary price turbulence. This month as we channel our inner Cancer, we have to remember to give ourselves compassion, and understand our sensitivity to the topic.  In the end, we have to remember that the technology and economic issues that made Crypto such a viable option to rectifying the world’s problems, is still in play.  People from all over the world are staying true to the Cancer nature of loyalty, and holding tight to what they know will be an equalizing force in this world. Special Tip:  Someone told me many years ago, when in doubt, zoom out! It’s an incredibly powerful mental tool that allows you to follow along the path of any stock/crypto and realize how much over the years that asset has grown, regardless of current price fluctuation. This helps you to remain calm in times of turbulence. Disclaimer: I am not a Financial Advisor. This is not financial advice. Please do your own research before investing. Follow Apryl Joi Vibe Visionary. Mercury retrograde chewed us up and spit us right out into Cancer season! Cancer energy is filled with embracing the full depths of our emotions and what better emotion than love [is love]? This year’s theme for the NYC Pride March is “Unapologetically Us” which is so on-brand for Cancer energy! Cancers’ Sun symbol is the crab and likewise they have a tough protective exterior yet inside they are compassionate creatures who also make others feel loved. Come out of your shell, Cancer, and use this spirit to support the LGBTQ+ community and enjoy the festivities! Cancer is a sponge that absorbs surrounding energy so this season will have you feeling emotions deeper than you’ve ever dreamed of!  Although Miss Carey has no official plans of joining the festivities this year, there will be appearances by plenty of other praise-worthy Queens including Grand Marshal and social media influencer Ts Madison and the Queen of Rap Lil Kim, who will be headlining NYC Pride Island music festival that afternoon. The last NYC Pride March was held in pre-pandemic 2019, where nearly 40,000 people marched alongside an estimated 5 million spectators. Don’t worry if large crowds aren’t your thing because for the last five years, ABC-TV has telecasted the iconic march.  So dust off that margarita machine and invite your friends over for a watch party! Follow entertainment & Hollywood make-up artist, Lizzy Polanco. WHAT’S IN: Cancer season is here! What better way to kick off this nurturing and magical zodiac season than by fully engulfing yourself in shades of ruby, which is also one of Cancer’s corresponding birthstones! Throw on some ruby lips and apply some ruby tones of eyeshadow to give you that hard shell with a soft interior a la Cancer! Special shout out to Brandon Liberati and Lizzy Polanco for their birthday season! Enjoy the sweetness of Cancer Season! You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.