Everybody’s got a camera. So everybody’s taking pictures. So everybody’s making movies. More people now make movies than see them. Shove producers and directors. Today the actors are making the movies. Dakota Johnson’s newie is “Cha Cha Real Smooth.” With that name you shouldn’t figure it’s another “Casablanca.” Could maybe be “A Wizard of Odds”? They all want to produce. She produced it. Surprise surprise! She also stars in it. The film premiered at Tribeca Film Festival. Dakota: “Crazy to have a premiere for a movie my company made. I’m really proud. But I’ve learned it’s OK not to have everything figured out all the time. That’s also kind of what the movie is all about. It’s a coming-of-age movie.” Like for what age? “Whatever age you’re at. It’s set in New Jersey so this is the closest festival unless there’s one in Jersey I don’t know about.” This has “Cha-Cha’d” into theaters and onto ­AppleTV+. JUNE. Month of I Do’s. Pierce Brosnan: “My Irish wedding made me cringe. I sold the saga to ‘Hello’ magazine . . . Downside was worrying about looking foolish which we probably did except this made it comfortable money-wise. If I hadn’t done that deal I’d have had to pay for the lot of it myself.” Pamela Anderson on ex-husband Tommy Lee: “We met New Year’s Eve 1994. He came up, grabbed me and licked my face. I thought he was a nice guy and gave him my phone number.” Three years later when he stopped licking her face she left him and that old phone number. Wonderbra model Eva Herzigova didn’t recognize Bon Jovi drummer Tico Torres when they first met. “He told me he was a roofer. Also he upholstered chairs. I believed him until in his office days later I saw these Bon Jovi posters and said, ‘One of these guys looks like you.’ ” Later she must’ve said other things because he’s now her ex-husband. Antonio Banderas about Melanie Griffith: “It was the giggle. I’d heard her laugh and it always made me smile. She even giggles in big moments like when I proposed!” That laugh may have stopped because they’re now unmarried. On their first date Warren Beatty invited Annette Bening to make a baby with him. He said: “We didn’t even date before we married. At the end of seeing a movie I asked if she wanted to have dinner and make a baby. She said yes — and we did that night.” And they’re still married. It’s 30 years. JUDGE Judy, CBS-TV’s top star and earner for 25 years, just won her eighth Emmy. Now on Amazon’s network “because I’ll never retire and my legs are too short to be a ballet dancer” is still the same Judge Judy. Changed only is the hair and robe. Unchanged is her mouth, brain and stardom. Last week for her very first season on Amazon she won another Emmy. And what was TV’s No. 1 major attraction doing at exactly that moment when she heard the news? Home. Playing gin. NYC ladies handbook: Two kinds of men exist — foreign and domestic. The company you keep should be franchise, corporate or subsidiary. The standard? The gold standard. Entertainment? A man and his money make a nice party. The husband? One who’s tall, dark, has a bank account — and a strong will — made out to you. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.