The New York City Council granted final approval to the Big Apple’s record-breaking $101.1 billion budget for 2023 in a late Monday night vote, after lawmakers and Mayor Eric Adams struck a tentative deal on the spending plan last week. The Council easily passed the spending plan by a vote of 44-6 shortly after 11 p.m., following roughly two hours of debate. “This is your budget, this is something that no matter what anyone says, this is something for you to be proud of,” said Council Speaker Adrienne Adams told the lawmakers as the vote concluded, who described the budget as “historic.” The 2023 budget is the biggest ever in New York City, outweighing the 2022 budget by $2.4 billion. Budget watchdogs have criticized the mayor and Council for pushing the city’s spending to new levels amid soaring inflation and growing worries about a possible economic recession, which could be triggered by expected interest rate hikes. The spending deal between Adams and the Council grows the projected budget shortfalls to an average of $4 billion annually between 2024 and 2026, officials acknowledged. The overall spending deal is $1.4 billion larger than the budget initially proposed by Adams in April and $2.6 billion more than the mayor estimated in January. The vote came just four days after Hizzoner and the council speaker celebrated striking the budget deal at a City Hall press conference on Friday. During the rollout, the two Adamses heavily touted expansions of the summer workforce program, its discounted MetroCard program for needy New Yorkers, additional funding for corner trash basket pickup, city parks and new funding for additional homeless shelter beds as major wins for the city. The nay votes on Monday were cast by a small group of hard-left lawmakers, who portrayed those new spending initiatives as insufficient. They also assailed the small $90 million uptick in Police Department funding, which will go pay for raises guaranteed under labor contracts. All told, the NYPD netted $5.5 billion in funding for 2023. The mayor and speaker spent much of Monday batting away criticism from another corner of the city, parents and teachers, over their agreement to cut $215 million from the public schools budget following enrollment declines. The Department of Education is also set to lose roughly another $400 million from its 2023 budget due to the wind-down of federal pandemic-related aid, bringing the total cut to roughly $600 million. Overall, its budget will be $31 billion, down from $31.6 billion in 2022.