It is almost farcical to see Gov. Kathy Hochul, Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie and state Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins pretend that the package of additional gun restrictions will alter New York’s crime pattern (“Unforced Error,” Tom Suozzi, June 6). They have done nothing about the revolving door of hooligans and their violence. There is a chance that these moves might reduce the chances of a horrible — but rare — mass shooting. That said, every citizen on our streets remains on his own and in jeopardy. If the Supreme Court loosens gun restrictions here, the government can’t simultaneously fail to protect the innocent while keeping the law-abiding, background-checked and trained citizens disarmed. Jeffrey S. WiesenfeldGreat Neck Democratic politicians need to use a little common sense and realize that until we change the bail laws, these changes to gun laws are useless. When people commit crimes, they need to be arrested, prosecuted and incarcerated. How many more people are going to die before they realize we’ve got to change the bail laws? Gene O’BrienWhitestone New York’s governor seems like someone who would attempt to thwart a sudden rash of arson fires in old, abandoned buildings by mandating that state-of-the-art fire extinguishers and sprinkler systems be installed in all new construction. Now we will have more laws that will likely have little-to-no positive impact on the core problems, but Hochul will be able to say with a straight face that she did something about gun violence when re-election time rolls around. And, throughout all of this sorrow, outrage, political posturing and grandstanding, no one is willing to hold any of the law-enforcement agencies, social-media platforms, therapists, counselors or other government agencies accountable for ignoring or disregarding these mass shooters’ prior incidents, online screeds and assorted red flags. Why? Vincent RuggieroScottsdale, Ariz. Changing gun laws will not help. Almost anyone can get any kind of weapon, regardless of whether it is legal or not. What we need are stiffer penalties, like a minimum of 10 years in jail for possession of an illegal handgun. It’s about time that this country got a backbone and stopped being wimpy when it comes to penalties for crimes. Thomas SarcCentral Islip The certainty today is that if your politics are leftist, you may be treated fairly (“Navarro is no threat, Dems are,” Miranda Devine, June 6). Everyone else, most conspicuously conservatives from the Trump years, can be certain that their quest for justice will be arbitrary, long and painful. Witness Peter Navarro, former President Donald Trump’s trade adviser, arrested for contempt of Congress for failing to appear and self-immolate before a sham committee (of Democrats). Justice is supposed to be blind, but it peeks when conservatives are on trial. Rich KlitzbergBoca Raton, Fla. Navarro’s arrest was absolutely justified. If he were smart, he would cooperate, as history shows that Trump is loyal to no one but himself. So why risk your own freedom to protect him? Everyone involved in the Jan. 6 attack needs to be held accountable. Kreg RamoneManhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.