The US Navy has dismissed four commanding officers and a senior enlisted adviser in less than one week due to “loss of confidence,” a strikingly short timeframe for such disciplinary action. On Tuesday, the Navy announced it was relieving Cmdr. Peter Lesaca — of the destroyer USS Preble — of his duties “due to loss of confidence in his ability to command.” — a vague statement used to describe anything from a personality clash to sexual harassment to a DUI arrest. ““The U.S. Navy has long maintained high standards for all its personnel and those who fall short are held accountable,” the service told The Post in a statement Wednesday afternoon. “Commanders and other triad members, in particular, are meticulously screened and selected for their proven technical abilities and demonstrated character traits that signal they are ready to assume the authority and responsibility that accompany those positions. “Trust and confidence – both with the American people we are sworn to protect and across all levels of the chain-of-command – is the key to mission accomplishment and our effectiveness as a force,” the statement added. “When members in the command lose confidence in senior leaders, the decision to remove them from their positions of leadership is warranted.” “Navy commanding officers are held to high standards of personal and professional conduct,” the Navy said in a statement. “They are expected to uphold the highest standards of responsibility, reliability and leadership, and the Navy holds them accountable when they fall short of these standards.” The Navy did not provide additional details as to why Lesaca was fired. Capt. Larry Repass, deputy commodore of the Destroyer Squadron 23, is set to temporarily assume Lesaca’s duties until a permanent replacement arrives. Lesaca’s firing came only three days after Capt. Jeffry Sandin, commanding officer of the Navy’s Recruit Training Command, was fired “due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command.” The Navy again did not provide any details as to why Sandin was relieved of his duties, but said he had “been reassigned to Naval Service Training Command headquarters.” Capt. Kerteck Brooks, chief of staff of the Naval Service Training Command, assumed Sandin’s duties. One day before, the Navy fired commanding officer Cmdr. Devine Johnson and Command Master Chief Earl Sanders — who acted as a liason between Johnson and the enlisted sailors — of the destroyer USS Bulkeley “due to a loss of confidence in their ability to effectively function as a command leadership team.” Both have been temporarily reassigned to the staff of Commander, Naval Surface Force Atlantic, the Navy said. They have been replaced for the time being by Capt. William “Mac” Harkin, deputy commodore of Destroyer Squadron Two, and Master Chief Petty Officer Christy Reed. “There is no impact to the command’s mission or schedule due to this relief,” the Navy said. The first commanding officer fired in the string of five was Cmdr. Matthew McCormick, head of Electronic Attack Squadron (VAQ) 137. McCormick was relieved of his duties on June 8 “due to loss of confidence in his ability to command.” He had been in the position since September 2021 and will be temporarily replaced by Cmdr. Scott Maynes, executive officer of VAQ-137, until a permanent replacement is found. In the meantime, McCormick “has been temporarily reassigned to Electronic Attack Wing Pacific (VAQWINGPAC) at Naval Station Whidbey Island.” The Navy did not provide additional details as to why he was fired, but said his relief will have “no impact to the squadron’s mission or schedule.” When asked for comment on the matter, the Pentagon referred The Post to the Navy. The service said Wednesday removal decisions are made “on a case-by-case basis by the appropriate chain of command within the Navy. The Department of Defense does not influence these decisions.” While it is not uncommon for a military branch to relieve top commanders of their positions due to a “loss of confidence,” departures typically are spread out over a prolonged period. The Navy did see a similar string of reliefs in February, after it fired three commanding officers — commanding officer Capt. Jeffrey Lengkeek, executive office Cmdr. Michael Jarosz and Command Master Chief Matthew Turner — for the same “loss of confidence.” At the time, Lt. Cmdr. Paul Newell, a spokesman for Navy Expeditionary Combat Command, told Navy Times that the firings followed “a formal command investigation.”