Alex Rodriguez is soaking up every moment of his Italian getaway with girlfriend Kathryne Padgett. The couple, who has been packing on the PDA overseas in recent weeks, enjoyed their afternoon aboard a yacht in Sardinia, Italy, where Padgett sported a neutral-hued bikini while Rodriguez sported bright green board shorts. Padgett, a 25-year-old fitness competitor from Dallas, was photographed beside a grinning Rodriguez, 46, who held up his iPhone as he sat in a chair. The former Yankees slugger, who has been linked to Padgett for months, also appeared to lather up as he caught a few rays. The twosome also took to the water separately, with Rodriguez hopping aboard a jet ski as Padgett rode a paddle board. Rodriguez and Padgett were also joined by former NFL receiver Eric Decker and his wife, Jessie James Decker, who was seen wearing a blue two-piece. Rodriguez and Padgett have been giving fans glimpses of their summer vacation on social media, frequently posting about their adventures in Italy. Earlier this week, Padgett posted a pair of bikini pics on her Instagram page that caught Rodriguez’s eye. Rodriguez and Padgett were first spotted together in January, when they took in the Packers’ divisional-round playoff game against the 49ers at Lambeau Field. A source shot down relationship speculation at the time, telling Page Six that Rodriguez was “a single dude.” Months later, however, Padgett joined Rodriguez in Minnesota to support the Timberwolves, the team he co-owns. The two attended an Eastern Conference Finals game together in May, when Padgett wasn’t afraid to show some affection. “She’s definitely way more touchy than [he is],” a spy previously told Page Six. Prior to his relationship with Padgett, Rodriguez was engaged to Jennifer Lopez. The twosome called it quits last year, with Lopez getting re-engaged to her former fiancé, Ben Affleck, in April. Rodriguez was previously married to Cynthia Scurtis, with whom he shares daughters Natasha, 17, and Ella, 14.