Monica Lewinsky may have quietly reacted to Jennifer Aniston’s recent comment about her in the most 2022 way possible: by liking a tweet. The former White House intern, now 48, was one of only three people to hit the heart button on a tweet by @ernestsewell, as of late Wednesday afternoon. “I wonder if @lizzo asked Lorena Bobbitt to use her name & her violent actions, the way hundreds of rappers & comedians use @MonicaLewinsky’s name as a pejorative, forgetting the actual woman behind it; who has feelings, a spirit, their own mental health to maintain, and dignity,” the user asked in the first tweet in the thread. “Even @Beyonce, Ms. Female-in-Power (who I do love and enjoy) used Ms. Lewinsky’s name in a song about… well, something,” he wrote in the Lewinsky-approved tweet. “For women who preach empowerment to demean another woman’s past [and] drag her out for the sake of it looks really hypocritical.” During an “Actors on Actors” conversation with Variety, the “Friends” alum and Sebastian Stan, 39, dove into the topic of fame in 2022. She spoke about how personalities, such as Lewinsky and Paris Hilton, ascended to fame with the rise of internet culture. They were discussing the Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee sex tape, which led Aniston, 53, to weigh in on internet culture at the time. “This thing of people becoming famous for basically doing nothing but yet having these incredible careers. And then women’s reputation … I mean — Paris Hilton, Monica Lewinsky, all those.” Hilton’s sex tape with then-boyfriend Rick Salomon was leaked on the internet in 2004, and Lewinsky was infamously involved in a sex scandal with former President Bill Clinton in 1998. “When you look back at the ’90s, you do see how many things have happened in that decade,” Stan replied. “Even the O.J. Simpson thing was actually the beginning of 24-hour news. “I feel so lucky that we got a little taste of the industry before it became what it is today,” Aniston said. “More streaming services — you’re famous from TikTok, you’re famous from YouTube, you’re famous from Instagram. It’s almost, like, it’s diluting the actor’s job.” Fans are accusing her of trying to “gatekeep” fame. Some pointed out that both of Aniston’s parents, John Aniston and Nancy Dow, are actors and suggested she benefited from nepotism. “Jennifer Aniston (nepotism baby) wants to talk about diluting the actors’ job. right,” one person wrote. The Post has reached out to representatives for Hilton and Lewinsky for comment.