A granny has revealed she is married to a 24-year-old bloke and they are ready to have a baby. Cheryl, 61, and Quran McCain from Georgia have hit headlines thanks to their 37-year age gap. The couple have racked up over 2.2million followers on their @kingqurannewpage TikTok page, but insist their love is genuine. Last July, Quran proposed to Cheryl using a ring that was Crowdfunded by his online fans, and they tied the knot in September. They had a riverside ceremony in Tennessee, and the event was livestreamed to over 20,000 people. Now they say they are ready to take the next step and have a baby together – either by adoption or by using a surrogate – and have been pram shopping. Cheryl said most of her family are supportive of the decision, and her grandkids already call Quran “papaw.” Cheryl, who has previously had seven children, spoke to Closer, saying: “Now we want to have a family together. He’s always wanted children and I want to be the mother to his child. “Of course, because of my age we’ll have to get a surrogate or adopt which we’re looking into.” Quran, who is now a caretaker, met Cheryl in 2012 when he was working at her son Chris’ fast food restaurant; Dairy Queen in Rome, Georgia, USA, when he was just 15. The pair lost contact for a while but reconnected on 4 November 2020 when caretaker Quran saw mum-of-seven Cheryl working as a cashier at a convenience store. They began dating in 2020 and Quran proposed to her in July 2021. They eloped to Tennessee in September with only two friends but plan to renew their vows surrounded by all their friends and family this year. Cheryl’s seven children ranging from ages 41 to 29 have said they will also help raise her baby. She already has 17 grandchildren, ranging from the age of 2 to 17, so she says the more the merrier. Cheryl said: “People say I’m selfish and too old to be a mum now, but I don’t worry about not being here to look after the child.” Quran hit back at trolls this week who speculated whether they had split and said: “This is my wife. “To death do us part. We ain’t going nowhere.” They then enjoyed a smooch on camera. Both Quran and Cheryl describe their sex life as “amazing” and they even have an OnlyFans account for their raunchier videos. Although only three of Cheryl’s seven children support their mum’s new relationship, Quran’s family approves of the unconventional union – but the pair have faced some nasty comments from people online. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.