While plenty of brands sell quality shorts, leggings and lightweight bottoms for summer — what about durable options created for yard work, construction, hiking and other intense outdoor activities? Luckily, Carhartt has a plethora of great options meant for just that. Whether looking for the perfect pair of utility leggings that won’t rip or sag while you’re running around or you want shorts to wear on a long fishing trip that won’t tear or smell over time, the workforce brand has you covered. Shop our top bottom picks from Carhartt for women to wear this summer and beyond. The best part? All of the options on our list are $70 or less. When it comes to durability, Carhartt is the best place to buy leggings. The brand’s lightweight, mid-rise leggings are perfect for summer and are made with sweat-wicking fabric that fights against sweat and odor. They also feature a panel of ultra stretch fabric between the legs to give you all the range of motion you need when riding horses, climbing ladders or simply living life. These women’s shortalls are made for durability when you need to do yard work or other intense activities in warm weather. Midweight canvas and stretch technology give you the freedom of movement for whatever activity you’re doing requires. Whether on the job or on the couch, these lightweight cropped leggings provide all-day comfort no matter what you’re doing. They’re made with stretch knit fabric that fights sweat, dries quickly and resists odor. Snag this versatile style in either black or dark green. Just because you’re looking for rugged work shorts doesn’t mean they have to be made of heavy canvas. These mid-rise shorts are designed with a cotton ripstop that is lightweight yet durable and offer enough stretch for easy, unrestricted movement. Plus, they combat sweat and odor to keep you feeling good all day long. You can’t go wrong with the Carhartt Rugged Flex Relaxed Fit Twill Work Shorts if you’re on the hunt for stretchy and ultra-comfy shorts for work. The item’s relaxed cut offers you more in the seat and thigh for a comfortable fit. The Twill Work Shorts are available in both hunter green and dark gray. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.