The House select committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot is going to seek testimony from Virginia “Ginni” Thomas — the wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas — over her possible role in the efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election. Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) told Axios on Thursday that the committee believes “it’s time” for her to speak with the panel, in light of newly obtained emails that revealed Thomas corresponded with Trump ally and conservative lawyer John Eastman. “We think it’s time that we, at some point, invite her to come talk to the committee,” Thompson said. “We have discovered in those Eastman [emails] some information that refers to Ginni Thomas.” The chairman declined to reveal what Thomas would be asked if she accepts the committee’s invitation, which is expected to be sent “soon.” It is included in the contents of the emails between Eastman and Thomas, but other emails from Eastman obtained by the New York Times claimed the lawyer had insight into a “heated fight” among Supreme Court justices over a specific case disputing the election results. “So the odds are not based on the legal merits but an assessment of the justices’ spines, and I understand that there is a heated fight underway,” Eastman reportedly wrote, adding, “For those willing to do their duty, we should help them by giving them a Wisconsin cert petition to add into the mix.” In recent weeks, many questions have been raised as to what role Thomas might have played in the attempt to overturn former President Donald Trump’s loss, as a joint Washington Post/CBS News report revealed that Thomas sent a series of text messages to then-White House chief of staff Mark Meadows in the weeks following the election, pushing for the election reversal. Not long after, a Washington post report revealed that Thomas emailed two Arizona lawmakers in November and December 2020, urging them to choose new electors. It was later revealed that Thomas emailed a total of 29 Arizona lawmakers with the same request. The revelations have also prompted concerns about Clarence Thomas’ involvement in Supreme Court cases related to the 2020 presidential election as he was the lone dissenter in a January ruling blocking the release of a trove of documents that Trump fought to keep from the committee. Several Democratic lawmakers have since called for his recusal on similar cases. When pressed on whether the president has any concern of the justice staying on the court, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre declined to comment, saying “that is something that the court has to decide.” “I can say this, we have full confidence in the select committee — Jan. 6 select committee, and it is for them to decide how they’re going to move forward on their particular process they’re going through,” she said during Thursday’s press briefing.