A star is born! Prior to Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee celebration, royal fodder revolved around the kind of reception Prince Harry and Megan Markle would receive, what sort of off kilter hats would be worn and whether disgraced, alleged pedophile Prince Andrew had come down with a true or merely convenient case of COVID. It all felt as stiff as wool and roughly as interesting. Then, like a blessed breath of fresh air came four-year-old Prince Louis. On Sunday at the Jubilee Pageant Parade on the Buckingham Palace Mall, the young member of the monarchy delighted us all with footage of his erratic, un-royal and wholly relatable reactions to noise, boredom and being imprisoned against his will in a vintage sailor suit. Whether sticking out his tongue or sticking it to his mom, this kid was pure charisma. Who cares who takes the throne when we have Louis, recently and hilariously likened to the Damien from the Omen, kicking around Westminster? Not I folks. “Members of the British royal family, in general, come in two standard varieties — weirdo, like Prince Charles with his vegetable conversations and his desire to be his wife’s tampon; and mannequin, like the queen or Prince William with their amazing ability to remain two-dimensional in a three-dimensional universe,” Stephen Marche notes in Esquire. “Every so often, however, the line puts out a real person.” Prince Harry had that mantle and now ladies and gentlemen, Louis is that person. All hail. In honor and appreciation for his animated outbursts and recent coronation as king of memes, we’re taking a look at the stars behind this tiny, triumphant regent. Born April 23, 2018 at 11:01 am in jolly old England, Louis is a Taurus sun with a Leo moon and a Cancer rising. That makes our boy a double fixed sign that doubles down on the IDGAF vibes. This sun/moon combo is, unsurprisingly about pride in performance, a lion with horns or a bull with a mane if you will. It tracks that Louis would treat the world’s stage as his own personal china shop, throwing cushions and fits alike. Moon in Leo folks have spent previous incarnations as royalty or at the very least being treated as such. They naturally command attention and act out when it wanes because that is what they’ve always known. Punishment, consequence and failure are of little concern to this lot which imbues them with a cocksure confidence. Checks out. Not for nothing folks, this sun/moon combination is shared by James Brown, Teresa Giudice and Barbara Streisand. These people are not wilting daisies but rather opulent, borderline obscene floral displays. Stubborn show offs, they draw the eye and invite us to bend the knee. Most notable of all, Prince Louis’s great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II is also a Taurus sun/Leo moon suggesting that she sees her younger, wilder self in him and is heartened that he will come of age in an era of less formality and more freedom, and with the patriarchal perks and privileges of being born a royal, rich, white dude. The astro synergy between great-grandmother and young prince indicates that for as long as she lives she will indulge him and make concessions for his cuteness. Same Liz, same. In terms of familial influence and astrological dynamics, Prince William is a double Cancer (yikes) and Kate Middleton is a Capricorn sun with a Cancer moon. William and Kate’s sun signs are polarities, meaning they sit exactly opposite one another on the zodiac wheel, both challenging and complimenting one another. The Cancer/Capricorn polarity is about balancing domesticity and ambition through deep roots and lofty aspirations. Louis’s brother George is also present for the crab party, with his sun, Mercury, Mars and Jupiter in Cancer. Big sister Charlotte and Louis share a Taurus sun sign and a Cancer rising. Cancer rising translates to an acute sensitivity to the energy and attitudes of others, an impulse to caretake and a generally moody disposition. While they share the stubborn similarities of being born bulls, Charlotte’s moon is in diplomatic, well mannered, people pleasing Libra. Libra is is ruled by Venus, planet of attachment and aesthetics; this explains Charlotte’s preternatural poise, bows, braids and her obnoxious quelling of Louis’s spirited carriage waving. Decorum maintained and joy quelled, what a drag. Louis has Mercury, planet of communication and exchange and Uranus, planet of innovation in devil may care, shoot from the hip, curl the lip sign of Aries. This Mercury/Uranus placement is impulsive and expressive and accounts for Louis show stealing faces at the jubilee. High on fire, this combination suggests Louis is fearless when it comes to acting and acting out and our boy will be challenging convention and stealing stages for years to come. This is a welcome consolation for the public as we have long since mourned the loss of strip poker playing, private school cheating, photographer punching, drunk dancing, PDA loving Prince Harry who has retired from his life of bad behavior. Louis may have more in common with his progressive aunt and uncle and with the more free wheeling ex-British colony of the US than he does with his home team. Here’s why: Louis’s uncle Harry is Virgo with a Taurus moon so he and the young gun will likely connect on a healthy, hedonistic earth sign level. Louis’s auntie and lightning rod for controversy Meghan Markle is a Leo sun that will be able to see herself reflected in the dramatics, deep feels and comic levity of Louis. I can totally see this kid absconding to the US as an unruly teenager to live loud with Harry and Meghan and drink underage, date models, maybe go to film school and come out kicking with  knuckle tattoos and a scandal or two. The stars behind Louis suggest a royal with no regrets. This theory is supported by Louis having Jupiter, planet of luck and expansion, in magnetic, creation through destruction Scorpio, suggesting that Louis has intense instincts and real perseverance. This is the mark of reinvention and we can posit that no matter what messes this kid makes he’s coming out on top and more beloved than ever, a real phoenix rising from the ashes kind of vibe. Burn it down baby, and rebuild it in your feral, fabulous image. We’ll be watching. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.