Grayson Murray appeared to get a kick out of his US Open locker mate. On Sunday, Murray tweeted a photo of his locker next to rival Kevin Na’s ahead of this week’s tournament in Brookline, Mass., captioning the message with a smiley face emoji. The locker assignments appear to be in alphabetical order as Na, who recently defected to the Saudi-backed LIV Golf, follows Murray on the list of competitors. Last week, the USGA confirmed that players participating in LIV Golf events would be allowed to compete in the US Open, which includes Na, Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, among others. “We pride ourselves in being the most open championship in the world and the players who have earned the right to compete in this year’s championship, both via exemption and qualifying, will have the opportunity to do so,” the USGA’s statement read. While it remains to be seen if Murray and Na will have any awkward encounters in the locker room, Sunday’s tweet marks a new chapter in the golfers’ controversial history. Murray and Na’s beef began back in January, when Murray tweeted, “Kevin Na taking 3 minutes to putt them doesn’t get old.” Na, who is currently 33rd in the world, later replied, “U missing the cut is getting old!” The feud then escalated in April, when Murray and Na had a confrontation at the driving range leading up to the Mexico Open. “He was cussing at me telling me I should have told him in person, blah blah blah,” Murray claimed of Na’s behavior on the “Stripe Show” podcast. “I mean (he was) loud. The range was packed with 40 guys. I guarantee you every one of them could have heard what he said and the caddies.” Earlier this month, Murray offered a few parting words to Na in lieu of the latter’s PGA Tour departure, tweeting, “Like I said on the range in Mexico. you won’t be missed @kevinna915! @PGATOUR our rounds just got 20 mins faster.” A short while later, however, Murray — who won the Barbasol Championship in 2017 — changed his tone about Na. “I don’t want to be a bully. I apologize to @kevinna915. I’d be doing the exact same thing if i were him. also, for anyone who says i suck at golf y’all are wrong,” he tweeted. Na competed in LIV Golf’s inaugural event in the UK over the weekend, along with former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel, who banked the top prize of $4.75 million. The 2022 US Open gets underway Thursday.