It’s that time of year when the laundry list of injuries that players competed through comes out. The Rangers are no different than any other NHL team in this regard. Ryan Strome, who may have spoken at his last press conference as a Ranger as he heads toward unrestricted free agency this summer, revealed he had been battling through a pelvis injury since the second half of the regular season. He will find out if he needs surgery on Tuesday, but he doesn’t think his rehab will spill into the start of next season. It was clear that Strome was not 100 percent during the playoffs. And during warm-ups ahead of the Rangers’ eventual season-ending loss in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Final against the Lightning, Strome went on and off the ice before suiting up. He ultimately couldn’t finish the game and retreated to the locker room after the second period. “Yeah, no, he wasn’t that — I mean, he gave us enough,” Rangers head coach Gerard Gallant said when asked if it was the right decision to play an injured Strome. “But he couldn’t finish the game. I don’t know. He didn’t hurt us for sure. But he wasn’t Ryan Strome, but he wasn’t the only one.” Barclay Goodrow also confirmed reports he fractured his ankle bone in Game 1 of the first-round series against the Penguins. He was sidelined for the next 11 playoff games before he returned in Game 5 of the second round against the Hurricanes. “Something obviously couldn’t play through, had to sit out a couple weeks,” he said. “It sucks when you’re out watching the team battling in the playoffs, it’s obviously the time of year you want to be playing.” The utility forward actually blocked a shot with the same ankle during the Eastern Conference Final series against his former team, the Lightning. He said that it didn’t re-injure his ankle. “But it didn’t feel good,” Goodrow said with a smile. “It couldn’t have hit any more directly on the same spot. It hurt for a little bit, but didn’t cause any more damage.” Additionally, Ryan Lindgren said he suffered an ankle injury in the last regular-season game against the Capitals. The 24-year-old defenseman appeared to be banged up in many other ways throughout the playoffs, but he clarified that his ankle injury was the only one he was dealing with.