A Vail, Colorado, mountain chateau that served as the holiday retreat for former US President Gerald R. Ford and first lady, Betty Ford has hit the market for $13 million, The Post has learned. Ford, an avid skier, is said to have lived in the home following his presidency in the late 1970s and into the 1980s, according to listing agent Tye Stockton with Compass, who is representing the seller. “On a rare occasion, I have the privilege of representing a storied property in Vail. 998 Ptarmigan Rd is that home,” Stockton told The Post. “Frequented by President Gerald Ford and first lady Betty, this beautiful ranch-style home enjoys incredible convenience to the heart of Vail Village.” Built in 1967, the home spans over 5,800 square feet and is situated between the fourth and sixth fairways on the Vail Golf Course. Features of the roughly half-acre property include an extensive wrap-around deck with mountain and golf course views and a large courtyard with an outdoor fireplace. The main level, which surrounds the courtyard, features the primary suite, great room, dining room, and secondary guest suite. On the other end of the home is a gourmet kitchen with a peninsula bar, secondary king suite, and the mud/laundry room. On the lower level is a recreational room with five additional guest rooms and garden-level access to the outdoor hot tub. Just a half-mile from Vail Mountain’s Golden Peak base area, the historic home is close to a slew of town amenities including the aptly named Ford Amphitheater, Betty Ford Alpine Gardens and Nature Center, Vail Golf Course and Nordic Center, soccer fields and volleyball courts, and the Vail bike path that runs from East Vail to Avon, according to the listing. Ford would live in the home until he moved to his famed Beaver Creek home that has glided on and off the market over the years. Ford, who served as the 38th president of the United States from 1974 to 1977 after Richard Nixon’s resignation, was the only president never to have been elected to the office of president or vice president.