Big Apple abortion protesters were in support of a sex strike Saturday — as “abstinence” started trending on Twitter in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. “If you’re a man who won’t get a vasectomy, even though it’s reversible, and you’re not out in the streets fighting for my rights, you do not deserve to have sex with me,” Brianna Campbell, a 24-year-old EMT, told The Post. Caroline Healey, a 22-year-old event coordinator, also questioned why sex was more important than women’s rights. “I think it’s absolutely valid for us to be withholding the Holy Grail that men seem to think is important,” she told The Post at an abortion protest in Manhattan’s Union Square. “Why shouldn’t we withhold it if we’re always worried that they’re not going put a condom on, that they’re going take one off after we ask them to,” she added. “If we can’t safely go out and have sex and know that we will have a choice after that, then why should we be expected to?” Meanwhile, Maya Demri, a survivor of rape, insisted that women need to “do everything in their legal power to get our rights back” after the high court struck down the landmark abortion ruling. “I cannot sit here and imagine what my sisters in red states are going to do if they’re getting pregnant by rape and need to not just carry the tragedy of the worst thing that has happened to them, but also carry them in the body for nine months,” she told The Post. Get The Post’s latest updates following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.  “If this world thinks that they can oppress women forever, then we close our legs.” Calls for a nationwide sex strike were also gathering momentum on social media and, at one point, “abstinence” was trending on Twitter with more than 26,900 tweets as of Saturday afternoon. “Women of America: Take the pledge. Because SCOTUS overturned Roe v. Wade, we cannot take the risk of an unintended pregnancy, therefore, we will not have sex with any man — including our husbands — unless we are trying to become pregnant,” one Twitter user wrote. “I live in New York and I am DOUBLE FURIOUS with the Supreme Court. I want to find people who are coordinating a mass sex strike. That is our power,” one woman raged. “Women have the power here. No more sex until abortion rights are federal law.” Another said: “Perhaps a #sexstrike (also known as #abstinence) would help the men folk to be all in on this #womensrights issue.” A number of others were sharing an image online that read: “#SexStrike. If our choices are denied, so are yours.” The calls for abstinence came as other pro-choice activists took to the streets across the country for a second day in protest over Friday’s abortion ruling. Others also planned to demonstrate outside the homes of the six conservative justices.