New York Post readers can get a risk-free first bet of up to $1,000 to use on the 2022 US Open when they sign up to BetMGM using the promo code NPBONUS. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, ahead of the 2022 US Open. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets.  BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. As all of the drama surrounding the breakaway LIV Tour fills the headlines, we return to a bit of normalcy this week with the U.S. Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass. The Country Club’s historic backdrop will provide a stark contrast to a glossy new tour, with this famous site serving as hallowed ground to many in the golf world. The course played host to Francis Ouimet’s famous U.S. Open victory in 1913 and the U.S. team’s comeback win for the ages at the Ryder Cup in 1999. Amongst the favorites is, Justin Thomas who will try to add a third major championship to his resume. Thomas has won a pair of PGA Championships, but 18 of the last 27 majors have gone to a first-time major winner. Spaniard Jon Rahm won the first major title of his career at last year’s U.S. Open, so he will try to defend his title starting Thursday. A late run at the Masters led to Rory McIlroy finishing second, followed by success over his subsequent four events, all top-20 finishes. The Northern Irish man enters as favorites for the US Open, yet his last major win came in 2014, taking home both The Open Championship and PGA Championship in the same 12 month period. His resume at the U.S. Open is the weakest of all the majors, having missed five cuts in 12 tournaments. The red hot Scottie Scheffler has won four tournaments with two runner-up finishes over 14 events. His only missed cut came at the PGA Championship. He already has a win and four top 10s in majors over the previous three seasons, but don’t be fooled. Scheffler missed the cut in his first U.S. Open in 2019, but finished seventh last time out. Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. BetMGM are offering all customers the chance to win an amazing experience, if you can correctly predict which eight golfers from eight pools will have the lowest score. If you predict all eight correctly, you’ll win a golf experience with Barry Sanders, a three-night stay at the MGM Grand Detroit and two tickets to the Rocket Mortgage Classic! 21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.