A Miami cop is under investigation by his department after telling a black motorist “this is how you guys get killed” during a traffic stop, officials said. Gerardson Nicolas was driving in North Miami Beach last week when he was pulled over for not wearing a seatbelt, he told local outlets. He began filming the encounter at some point and appears to have a tense discussion with the unnamed officer while retrieving his documents. “I’m going to work,” Nicolas can be heard telling the officer in video posted to social media. “Give me your driver’s license, registration and insurance,” directs the officer after opening the driver’s door. “If not, you will be not be going to work today.” As Nicolas goes through his wallet, the officer continues. “Simple thing, man,” he says. “This is how you guys get killed out here, man.” “What?’ Nicholas responds after handing over the license. “Say that again.” “My God,” the officer states. “Registration and insurance.” The cop then attempts to close the door as Nicolas tries to keep it from closing. “What do we get killed for?” Nicolas asks him before telling the camera that the officer would soon become “famous.” The video shows the driver standing just outside his vehicle with the motorcycle cop in the background. “Got nothing on me, pulls me over and threatening to shoot me,” he says. “Threatening to kill me. We’re going to court, man.” Nicolas told NBC 6 that he wasn’t sure where some of the requested documents were located because he was driving his mother’s car. “I was scared, I was scared. I didn’t think my life was going to make it,” he told the outlet Monday. The Miami-Dade Police Department said it had launched an internal investigation into the incident and would be reviewing roughly 30 minutes of body camera footage. “Rest assured we are committed to transparency and community trust and will address all matters of public concern equitably, fairly, and in accordance with applicable laws,” the department said in a statement.