Cristiano Ronaldo’s car has been involved in a crash in Majorca. The smash is being investigated by the police’s traffic service — but involved Ronaldo’s $2 million Bugatti Veyron. The driver — who is reportedly not Ronaldo but one of his bodyguards — lost control and skidded into a wall in the residential estate of Sa Coma, Bunyola, Palma de Majorca, where the Manchester United star is currently holidaying with his family. The front of the Bugatti has believed to have been wrecked with investigators revealing no other vehicle was involved. As well as local police employed by Bunyola Town Hall, Civil Guard officers also attended the scene. At 11 a.m. the car crashed into the door of a country house and into a butane bottle booth, which has been completely destroyed, near the Joan March Hospital. The driver of the car did not suffer any injuries and is believed to have signed an accident report. One well-placed source said: “The car smashed into a wall but there was only material damage with no-one injured and the driver accepted full responsibility for what happened. “The information about who was behind the wheel and what occurred is registered on a police database and is there for a court or officers to access if any further investigations need to be conducted. “But it is more a case of the information needing to be registered so the owner of the property that was damaged can put in a compensation claim and use the police report as a back-up in case there is any dispute down the line about how the damage was done.” Another insider added: “The accident happened on a minor road near Joan March Hospital. “The car appears to have come off the road and has hit a wall which forms part of the protection to a house with a gas canister deposit behind it. “An employee of Cristiano’s was apparently driving at the time and not Cristiano. He was definitely not at the scene when officers arrived.” Respected island newspaper Cronica Balear said the unnamed bodyguard got out of the car to continue his journey and left other staff employed by the star at the scene to receive the police. The identity of the person at the wheel has not yet been revealed, but it is well-known iano Ronaldo and his family are protected in Cheshire by Portuguese twins who served as soldiers with an elite special forces unit in Afghanistan. The strongmen have been named as Sergio and Jorge Ramalheiro, who went on to become part of a Portuguese close protection unit tasked with watching over the likes of politicians and judges after serving. Portuguese celeb magazine Flash said the twins, part of a set of triplets, had been hired by Cristiano after they asked to go on unpaid leave from the PSP police to pursue other interests. The third brother, named as Alexandre, is still understood to be working as a police officer. Spanish police confirmed on Monday afternoon they had no information to suggest Cristiano had been in the car at the time. Ronaldo had the beloved Bugatti Veyron, which has a top speed of 253mph — and a Mercedes-Benz G-Class — a present from his wife — shipped over from Manchester for the holiday. The Bugatti is part of CR7’s $20.8M car collection which also includes an Aston Martin, Bentley and a Ferrari Monza. Ronaldo also added a limited edition $10.4M Bugatti Centodieci – of which only ten have been made – to his collection last year. The United striker is enjoying a luxury break in Majorca with his partner Georgina Rodriguez and their children. They are staying in a luxury villa, secluded from prying eyes, that sits at the foot of the Tramuntana mountains. The family of seven, including children Cristiano Jr, 11, Eva, 5, Matteo, 5, Alana Martina, 4, and Bella, two-months, flew in by private jet last week. They have been soaking up the sun and celebrating the 12th birthday of Ronaldo’s eldest child, Cristiano Jr. Ronnie Jr also joined his dad on board a superyacht on Sunday to celebrate Father’s Day. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.