An apparently innocent bystander was shot by a stray bullet as he waited for a city bus in Harlem on Sunday — one of 19 gun-violence victims across the Big Apple during the first weekend of June, authorities said. The 40-year-old victim was standing at a bus stop at West 145th Street and Amsterdam Avenue around 9:30 p.m. when shots rang out and he was struck in the shin, authorities said. He was not believed to have been the intended target, cops said. Another man waiting for the bus was struck by shattered glass from the bus shelter, which was hit by fire, police said. Both men suffered non-life-threatening injuries. A 17-year-old boy was taken into custody over the shooting, cops said. Charges against him are pending. The NYPD’s 30th Precinct tweeted a photo of the gun that was used in the shooting and subsequently recovered. “Late this evening your 30th Precinct cops heard shots being fired and ran toward them,” the tweet said. “As a result the individual who illegally possessed this gun was arrested without incident.” About 20 minutes later, a 24-year-old woman was blasted in the left leg on Lincoln Place near Buffalo Avenue in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, police said. She was taken to Interfaith Medical Center, where she was listed in stable condition. A male suspect fled in a white vehicle, cops said. The motive and circumstances were unclear. Hours later, a 21-year-old man was shot in the head in front of a building believed to be used as a recording studio on Wyckoff Avenue near Schaefer Street in Ridgewood, Queens, around 1:30 a.m. Monday, cops said. He was pronounced dead at the scene. The victim’s name has not been released pending family notification. The circumstances of the shooting remain unclear, and no arrests have been made. The victims were among 19 people shot across the city over the weekend as temperatures heated up. Four people were shot in as many incidents Friday. That’s down from six people being shot in five incidents on that day in 2021, cops said. Seven people also were shot in five incidents Saturday, up from three in as many incidents on that day last year. Meanwhile, Sunday saw eight gun-violence victims in seven incidents, compared to nine people shot in six incidents in 2021. The gun violence comes as Gov. Kathy Hochul on Monday signed bills introduced in the Assembly and Senate last week that raised the age requirement for the purchase of a semi-automatic rifle from 18 to 21.