People are still clamoring to get a piece of the action from the Johnny Depp v. Amber Heard trial. Wristbands from the Fairfax County, Virginia, court — which were being hawked by scalpers at the height of the defamation trial — are now being auctioned online for big bucks. Sellers on eBay are letting the public bid and buy their access bands from the case for three and four-figure price tags. An orange wristband is going for $500, while a blue one is being sold for almost $5,000. The description for the orange bracelet reads, “This is a wristband that was used to enter one of the last days of the Johnny Depp Trial on Thursday, May 26, 2022. It is number 77 for number 77 in line to enter the courtroom. This wristband is priceless in that the trial is a part of pop culture history. I am willing to negotiate.” The blue band is from the May 23 and was from the first day of the final week of the trial and from “one of the busiest days,” according to the product synopsis. “I was there and you are obtaining this from a verified first person source,” it continued. It gave the wearer access to the courtroom and “is a piece of celebrity culture history. The wristbands are not fancy or specially made, they are your typical paper wristbands you see at events.” Heard, 36, and Depp, 58, were embroiled in a contentious defamation trial with the “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor suing the “Stepfather” actress for $50 million over allegations of abuse in a 2018 Washington Post op-ed she penned. Heard countersued her ex for $100 million. A verdict was reached on June 1, with the jury awarding Depp $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages. Virginia law states that punitive damages must be capped at $350,000, meaning Depp will actually receive a maximum total of $10.35 million. Heard was awarded $2 million in compensatory damages and no punitive damages. In the days following the multimillion-dollar verdict, it has been reported that Heard is “broke” and can’t pay the hefty judgement due to mounting legal costs and alleged lavish spending. After the conclusion was read, Heard released a statement to The Post, saying she was “disappointed with what this verdict means for other women.” “I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American — to speak freely and openly,” Heard added. A “humbled” Depp said in his official statement that he was “overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world.” He continued, “False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. It had already traveled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career.” Diehard #JusticeForJohnnyDepp fans revealed last month the lengths they have gone to be a part of the trial in some way. They said they camped out in their cars outside the courthouse and even spent up to $30,000 on travel expenses just to wait to get in.