Federal prosecutors have denied that Ghislaine Maxwell’s life was threatened in jail — and blasted her complaints about the conditions in lockup as “blatant lies” in new court documents. Lawyers for the convicted sex trafficker, in a plea for leniency last week, had argued in part that Maxwell’s pre-trial detention in Brooklyn federal jail has been unusually harsh and dangerous, with “credible threats” made against her life. But the threat claims originated from another inmate remarking, “I’d kill her if someone paid me a million dollars,” the feds revealed in a filing on Wednesday. Someone else overheard the remark and reported it to authorities at the Metropolitan Detention Center, who investigated, prosecutors wrote. “The MDC’s investigation revealed that the inmate had not actually been paid to kill the defendant and had not actually threatened Maxwell,” they said. Prosecutors went on to say that the inmate who made the comment was removed from Maxwell’s housing block. The details were included in a footnote to prosecutors’ damning sentencing memo arguing that the former socialite deserves a sentence of between 30 and 55 years for her role in recruiting young girls for Jeffrey Epstein to sexually abuse. The feds also scoffed at the Epstein henchwoman’s claims that she has been mistreated in lockup. “She repeatedly claims to have suffered significant hair loss, but anyone who hasseen the defendant in court can easily see that is not true,” they wrote in the filing. “She repeatedly claims to have lost an extreme amount of weight, but, as noted above, BOP medical records make clear that she has not,” prosecutors continued. “The defendant is perfectly healthy, with a full head of hair.” “On the one hand, she complains that a camera was always on her,” the feds wrote. “On the other hand, she claims that multiple abuses … were somehow not caught on camera.” “At bottom, the defendant does not like jail,” the prosecutors concluded. Maxwell is expected to be sentenced on Tuesday.