Not to generalize too much, but as far as men’s pajamas go, it’s typical to resort to the old pair of sweatpants from high school football and a basic old T-shirt. Surely, catching those ZZZs to the fullest potential means cozy, comfortable sets — sans ratty holes and mismatched tops and bottoms, of course. Luckily, we composed an edit of the 30 best men’s pajamas of 2022 to line your drawers with quality over quantity, silk pajamas and indulgent flannel sets over years-old fabrics that don’t pair well with your dreamy bed sheets and duvets. From Amazon and Cozy Earth to Kohl’s and Macy’s, these top picks piqued our interest for a bounty of reasons: some being breathable for hot sleepers, others being ideal for those Goldilocks temperatures (not too hot, nor too cold) and all of them being recommended IRL for any guy on your list (Father’s Day, perhaps?) What’s more, when paired with our best robes for lazy lounging, along with some wear-all-day house slippers, adding some men’s pajamas to your shopping carts just became a luxury gift. Shopping for women, too? Check out our roundup on the best women’s pajamas. Click to visit some of our favorite retailers for men’s pajamas: Abercrombie, Amazon, Cozy Earth, Eberjey, J.Crew, Kohl’s, Lahgo, L.L.Bean, Macy’s, MatchesFashion, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Target, Tommy John. Enter one of Amazon’s best-sellers: Fruit of the Loom’s Broadcloth Short-Sleeve Pajama Set. Made of a cotton and polyester hybrid, the warm weather-ready set has a classic patch pocket at the front, along with coming in several neutrals he’ll want to wear 24/7. Our readers adore Cozy Earth — and for a good reason. Its clothing — especially its loungewear — channels the cozy in its name (and brings it to new heights). Specifically, its top-rated Bamboo Pajama Short has that moisture-wicking material you’ll want to WFH home in. Not to mention, we’ve gifted a pair before, and it was well-received (with flying colors). The raved-about bamboo material is also embossed on the brand’s Pajama Pant ($80). J.Crew, undeniably, is the poster store for comfort classics, with its brand-labeled Pajama Pant a stellar hit. Available in all the sweet neutrals you can add to your cart, the bottoms are designed for lounging, sleeping (of course) and even walking your dog (to which we say, yes). Plus, they’re on a great sale right now. If you’re looking for a soft set on a budget, Cuddl Duds’ Crewneck Graphic Tee & Sleep Pants Set is one of your best bets. For one, the timeless slumber aesthetic (made possible by its adoring prints) will never go out of style. It also has breathable, moisture-wicking fabric, which is ideal for hot sleepers. If you want luxe loungewear, we need to turn you on to Lahgo. The brand has a coveted Washable Silk Set that’s always selling out (but now, luckily, is in stock for you to grab). Though a splurge, you can’t skip the set’s naturally thermoregulating make and 100% soft-to-the-touch silk fit. If you’re simply on the market for a solid pair of men’s sleep shorts, look no further than L.L.Bean’s Comfort Stretch Woven Sleep Shorts. The patterns are unique, tap into the outdoors and have a soft poplin fabric that’s practical for year-round wear. Oh, and we can’t stop looking at this midnight blue-inspired print. Ah, the popular, snag-worthy Polo Pajama Pants. Not only are they decked out with its famous designer logo but its 100% cotton design is just $50 (a steal, if you’re seeking out designer men’s fashion). The brand name appliqué at the front of the waistband is a nice touch, too. It’s difficult for us to claim a favorite, but Bedhead Pajamas’ Palm Springs Henley Short Pajamas Set is definitely one we have heart-eyes for. Not only is it great for your next getaway but its timeless henley top paired with fun bottoms (with personality, to say the least) have us waiting to hit “add to cart” for just about every guy we know. With a name like UGG, you know you’re getting comfort. For less than $100, the brand’s Gifford Pajama Pants deserve all the acclaim, namely for their double-knit exterior, stretch-cotton fleece and elastic waistband that makes them stretchy and A+ for knocking around the house in. For a simple, no-frills men’s pajamas set, Goodfellow & Co.’s T-Shirt and Pants Pajama Set has you covered (in style, no less). From the two-toned blue colorway to its mix-and-match versatility, we recommend this sleepwear steal IRL for those looking for comfort less than $30. If Tommy John isn’t in your wardrobe quite yet, it’s time to try out the brand. Not only is the internet in love with the brand for next-level comfort, but its Sleep Pocket Tee & Short Set makes an optimal gift for the man in your life. You can’t beat the slate color and second-skin modal fabric, either. Finally! A men’s pajama set that’s the sweet two-piece bundle of a tank top and shorts. Great for lounging in (and even working out in with your at-home rowing machine and treadmill), Abercrombie has a fairly priced, cotton-blend set your drawer is waiting for. We’re so glad we found MatchesFashion when we did because, with one scroll through the men’s pajamas section on its website, you’ll be torn over which one to snag. On a tremendous sale right now is the brand’s Schiesser Alfred Striped Cotton Twill Pyjamas, a luxe staple he’ll wear for years of blanket-filled nights. Amazon Essentials’ Flannel Pajama Pant not only has more than 14K rave reviews but has that look (you know, the unbeatable, dark-printed plaid you think of when you hear the word “pajamas”). For less than $20, we’re just about ready to have our loved ones looked on these bottoms that come in a variety of great hues. If there’s a brand that has neutrals and comfort in mind, it’s Eberjey. Specifically, its Henry Tencel Modal Long Sleeve & Short PJ Set is one to buy, notably for its luxuriously soft fabric (that’s resistant to pilling, BTW) and its handsome look when paired with the matching William Tencel Modal Robe ($148). An opulent pajama set from J.Crew (a distinguished, prep school-like offering, if we say so ourselves) is one of the most perfect gifts for the man in your life. With a slightly slimmer fit, it doesn’t give the look of sloppy, baggy pajamas like others may (and, the size range is extensive given its more petite flow). While red plaid may drive us to Christmastime, we’re all about Hanes’ comfort-minded Woven Plain-Weave Pajama Set all year round. For less than $20, too, its cotton-blend and fuller-cut makes things easy, breezy and seamless for anyone you may be shopping for — yourself included. SleepHero’s Henley & Knit Pajama Pants Set received an instant yes on our end, much ado for the grand dog print and heather gray henley. When you add the less-than-$50 price to the mix, it’s the set of your dreams (especially for the canine lover you know). L.L.Bean’s Wicked Soft Knit Short-Sleeve Pajamas Set is the ideal sleepwear uniform for the outdoors lover who’s all about hiking and spending time in nature. It’s also a great unisex option, too, with the short versatile to wear with your favorite pair of men’s shorts (or, women’s shorts). Nautica brings us coastal fashion we love (much like linen tees), with its Check Poplin Pajama Pants no different. The brushed blue gingham is one we deem perfect for spring and summer especially, and the pattern selection is vast. Some men prefer sleeping in just boxers, so we’re about to elevate the sleepwear game in the best way possible — with MatchesFashion’s Derek Rose Lombard Cotton-Jacquard Boxer Shorts. The buttery soft, 100% cotton make will last you even longer than its descriptive name (ha!) and will make anyone feel like royalty. For $20, we’re all about Fruit of the Loom’s Jersey Knit Sleep Pants (especially because you’ll receive two from the fabulous Prime truck driver who will soon be delivering comfort to your door post-purchase). With nearly 37K positive reviews, the reason to buy this two-pack speaks for itself. As one of the most unique men’s pajama sets we discovered, Hanro’s Night & Day Short Pajama Set was designed with a vigilant eye, namely for its daytime-acceptable wear. Sure, you can wear your pajamas out and about, but the lightweight, relaxed-fit structure stands out from the rest (and, receives our stamp of approval). Meet the soft cotton-blend you’ve been waiting for: Barbour’s Abbott Knit Pajama Shorts. If your typical drawstring sleep shorts and boxers had a lovechild, this would be it; the pair is extremely lightweight and has a stretchy waistband that nods to your everyday undergarments. If you want to take lounging to a new level, pick up Sanqiang’s Lightweight Soft Cotton Sleepwear Set. We can already tell it puts the R in Relaxed, and we love the baseball tee-like design of its sleep top just as much as its cozy bottoms. Treat the man in your life to a fine pair of satin pajamas, ones that are irresistible to the touch and look just as photogenic. Target knows how to provide comfort and style on a budget, especially with this pair with an extensive size range and a few more colors up its sleeve (pun totally intended). Much like the brand’s shorts, Tommy John’s Second Skin Luxe Rib Sleep Pant couldn’t have a more accurate name. Its seamless fit and breathable material (oh, and that stretchy waistband) make it a steal for less than $75. Army green is great for all-year-round wear, especially when they’re the color on 100% cotton pajama pants that are super affordable. We couldn’t believe our eyes, either, and you can snag one for every day of the week for less than $60. Ah, the shorts version of the popular Polo pajama pants. The designer-fledging name makes a wonderful gift (especially for less than $50) and we adore these especially for their side-seam pockets, allover esteemed pattern and classic navy color, which the brand also offers. When we discovered PajamaGram’s Cotton Pajama Set, we instantly thought rich-looking. The royal blue and more muted navy, together, bring a flattering set to the bedroom. Additionally, the button-down fit and breathable fabric is difficult not to love. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.