There’s nothing like sitting around the table with family and friends — talking for hours, sipping on cocktails (if that’s your thing) and spending quality time together. But sometimes you need an extra something to keep the party going. Make sure your circle doesn’t zone out by bringing some must-have boardgames into the mix. Whether you’re looking for a long and high-strategy game like Catan, want something a bit more laid back like What Do You Meme? or even a fun drinking game like Buzzed, we’ve got you covered. And if you only have one other person to play with, we’ve also rounded up a handful of two-player games you’ll have just as much fun with. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Everybody loves Monopoly! This is a modernized banking version of the Monopoly game in which the money is no more. It includes a “Ultimate Banking Unit” with touch technology where players can instantly buy properties, set rent and tap their way to fortune. While it may take a few minutes for you to understand all of the ins and outs of Catan, once it clicks, you won’t want to play anything else! The popular civilization-building board game includes harvesting, settling, trading resources and so much more. If you have a few hours to burn, Ticket to Ride is the perfect game for you. It may take some time to get used to all of the rules, but it’s totally worth it once you get the hang of it. Whether you’re a great speller or want to get better at it, Scrabble is an awesome word game that you can play with two to four people at any age. This deluxe set comes with a sleek folding carrying case with a handle and two slide-and-store trays. Race against your friends and family to create crossword grids. This is the anagram game that will quite literally drive you bananas! It’s easy to play, a great game for on-the-go and awesome for all ages. If you have kids, it’s a great way to teach them how to spell, too. This board game may hit a little too close to home, but we swear it’s really fun to play! Pandemic is a cooperative board game where players work as a team to treat infections around the world while gathering resources for cures. As skilled members of a disease-fighting team, you and the other players work together to keep the world safe from outbreaks and epidemics. Azul is a tile-placement game in which players compete for the highest score by claiming tiles and arranging them on their board to score points. You can get extra points when you collect sets of the same color of tile or for creating particular patterns, but there are also penalties for taking titles that you’re unable to use.  What Do You Meme? has just under 30,000 reviews on Amazon and is similar to Cards Against Humanity. But instead of matching funny statements or questions to an answer each round, each player chooses a photo card of a meme that one of their fellow competitors gave to match a caption card. Whoever has the funniest pairing wins the round. Pass The Pigs is like a deluxe version of dice. You toss the pigs and you gain points (or negative points) depending on how they land. They come in a larger version and a tiny version made for travel. Codenames has become a classic over the years, and it’s bound to get the party rolling! The social card game includes two rival “spymasters” who are aware of the secret identifies of 25 different topics and it’s their job to get their team members to guess the proper cards using just one word. Jenga is a fun and easy building game that’s great for all ages! You simply pull out a block, place it on the top of the structure and pray the tower doesn’t fall. If you want to spice up your next Girl’s Night, consider this For The Girls card game. You start by having the person with the most Instagram followers roll the dice and whichever way the dice falls corresponds to the color deck they choose. From there, the group members perform whatever action is on the card. Some cards include just one player or the whole group. Whoever has the most cards at the end wins! This game includes mature content and is only intended for those who are 17+. The Party Bowl game consists of three rounds and two teams. Each team uses prompt cards to come up with a bunch of words or phrases to throw into the bowl. Two teams then compete to out-guess each other in three increasingly high-pressure rounds of fun. Joking Hazard is definitely not kid-friendly, so make sure whoever you’re playing with is of appropriate age. In the card game, three or more players compete to create hilarious and horrible comics about friendship, fighting and more. The player with the most cards at the end wins the game! Cards Against Humanity is a classic that you’re probably already familiar with, but if not, here’s how you play: Each player gets seven cards and a rotating judge chooses one black card to read out loud, and it’s everyone else’s job to hand off the most hilarious answer card for the judge to choose. The person who has collected the most black cards at the end of the game wins. Do You Know Me? is a great game for a group of best friends to see how well you know each other! It tests your knowledge of all players and reveals things you never knew about each other so buckle up, it’s about to get personal! UNO is the classic family card game that’s easy to learn and so much fun to play. ​In a race to get rid of all of your cards, match one of your cards with the current card shown on top of the deck by either color or number. This UNO set comes with 112 cards and a sturdy tin that’s great for storage and travel. Taboo has been a fan favorite for many years and we’re still not done obsessing over it. Players try to get their teammates to say the guess word on the card without using any of the Taboo words in the clues. If the describer slips and says a word listed in the clue words, they lose a turn. But the players who have their words guessed correctly keep their cards and the team with the most cards wins the game. Scattergories is the fast-thinking game of words and categories. Players roll the letter die, flip the sand timer and race against the clock to come up with answers to each category on the list. You earn points for writing down answers that no one else does and the more creative the answers, the more points scored! Goat Yoga is a hilarious game that is bound to make your group laugh and it gets you a bit active, too! Players perform real yoga poses while completing ridiculous challenges with an inflatable goat. “Ew! I can’ believe you knew that!,” said everyone playing this game. Made for two or more players, this game is made for ages 17+. Take turns drawing trivia cards while the rest of the group tries to answer the questions correctly. It’s filthy and hilarious. The family trivia game made for gen Z, millenials and baby boomers alike is here. Simply gather four players and answer multigenerational questions. This way, the whole family can join in on the fun. Spruce Beer Pong up a little bit with a combination of Monopoly. UncommonGood’s Beeropoly invites players to chug their way through a series of beer challenges—from a rhyming competition to demonstrating their best dance moves. Players take turns rolling the dice and moving their bottle cap pieces around the handsome pine wood board. The last man or woman standing must drink the Community Cup. In Drink-A-Palooza, two teams of two spin the bottle and move clockwise to compete in beer-related games like Flip Cup, Kings Cup, Beer Pong and more. This fun drinking card game will have you and your friends LOL-ing in no time. Compete, vote and mess with your friends with more than 100 dynamic cards. Buzzed is another great drinking card game that’s sure to get your friends and family…hydrated! Each player takes turns drawing a card from the top of the deck. When it’s your turn, read the card out loud and either you or the group will drink based on the prompt on the card depending on what it is. If you don’t want to deal with the mess and set up of actual Beer Pong, consider this mini set instead. It comes with tiny solo cups, fun launching catapults for the balls and a magnetic bottle cap in the center to keep the balls tethered in place. The wooden board is beautifully crafted and made with baltic birch wood.  While you normally need at least four people to play the regular Codenames game, they now have a version for just two players. Score! Sushi Go! is a fast-playing card game where the goal is to grab the best combination of sushi dishes as they go by. You score points for making the most maki rolls or for collecting a full set of sashimi. When you dip your favorite nigiri in wasabi, you can triple its value. Gather the most points and become the sushi master! This game can be played with two to five people so it’s great for couples, too. If you only have one other person to play with, you can’t go wrong with a classic game of Battleship. In head-to-head battle, players search for the enemy’s fleet of ships and destroy them one by one. Play with just your partner or with other couples in two different gameplays. You can either spark meaningful conversations and learn new things about your partner or team up together to compete against other couples to see who really knows each other best. Once only an app, Trivia Crack The Board Game is full of trivia and strategy. Answer questions correctly to advance across the board, and with over 1,840 questions and six categories, the game is full of never-ending fun. It’s the perfect game for two or more players. For a magical game night, this Harry Potter twist on a classic game will get you up and moving. Simply choose a Hogwarts house for each team, gameplay onto your TV and watch your enchanted drawing appear. Go head-to-head with the Blink card game. Available in this exclusive Amazon tin, you and a partner will enjoy intense one-on-one play by matching shapes, count or color. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.