An anti-car zealot running for the state Assembly has amassed more than two dozen traffic and parking violations since 2019. Juan Ardila — a progressive Queens pol who is being backed by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in Tuesday’s Democratic primary for the 37th Assembly District seat — tools around Queens in an Audi Q3 SUV that has been parked illegally in crosswalks and at fire hydrants and has received four school zone speed-camera violations, city records show. There were 28 tickets issued to the Audi from 2019 through March 25, 2022, records show. “Like many of the far left, they don’t practice what they preach and they’re just hypocrites,” said City Councilman Robert Holden, who defeated Ardila in a primary challenge last year. Holden said he would frequently see Ardila’s car illegally parked in his neighborhood. Ardila’s girlfriend lives near Holden. The violations, which were first reported by the Queens Post and amounted to $2,215, have been paid, according to city records. But Ardila, 28, apparently thinks he is above the law. As recently as this month, a bystander captured him on video appearing to be on his phone texting while driving. Ardila says he supports the Green New Deal, shifting more New Yorkers to mass transit and pledged to be “a champion for mass transit.” AOC endorsed his quest for the Democratic nomination to replace retiring Assemblywoman Catherine Nolan, whose district includes Sunnyside, Ridgewood, Long Island City, Astoria, Woodside and Maspeth. He is facing three other candidates and was endorsed by the StreetsPac, which advocates for safe streets and said Ardila wanted to expand bike lanes and was “supportive of operating speed cameras around the clock.” “We need to ensure that every New Yorker has the opportunity to bike and we also have to be mindful and combat the climate crisis that we’re seeing and reduce car culture within our communities,” Ardila said at a recent candidates’ forum. Ardila, who works for the Legal Aid Society, was once a staffer for another lead-footed pol,  City Councilman Brad Lander, a long-standing member of the Democratic Socialists of America who is now the city comptroller and who got caught speeding in school zones eight times in five years. Ardila apologized last year after The Post revealed that while he was in high school, he had made derogatory online comments about Asians, gays, women and Jews and used the N-word. Ardila did not immediately return a request for comment. .