The fallout from Dustin Johnson’s decision to defect to the Saudi-backed LIV Tour on Tuesday night started swiftly. RBC (Royal Bank of Canada), one of Johnson’s more notable sponsors, initially released a statement that hinted they were cutting ties with the 2020 Masters champ. Sportico later reported RBC was officially done with Johnson, along with Graeme McDowell, who is also in the field for the Saudi event. “As a result of the decisions made by professional golfers Dustin Johnson and Graeme McDowell to play the LIV Golf Invitational Series opener, RBC is terminating its sponsorship agreement with both players,” Wednesday’s statement read. “We wish them well in their future endeavors.” In the company’s earlier statement on Tuesday, it noted, the PGA Tour “has been clear about its intentions in accordance with its tournament regulations should a golfer choose to play in a tournament outside the tour, including the LIV Golf Invitational Series.” The PGA Tour has threatened players with potential suspensions or even banishment as punishments for playing in the LIV events. Johnson’s decision will put those threats to the test, given his lofty status in the sport. Johnson’s name will headline the LIV Golf Invitational, the debut event for the PGA Tour’s new rival. It will be held at the Centurion Club in London from June 9-11. Louis Oosthuizen and Sergio Garcia were among the other big names listed for the 42-player field, which did not include Phil Mickelson, though the event is expected to add six more players. Mickelson has been ostracized since he made comments threatening to use the Saudi-backed tour as leverage against the PGA Tour. Johnson’s name, however, is by far the biggest and most shocking get by Greg Norman — the Australian golfing legend who has become the face of the LIV Tour. “Dustin has been contemplating the opportunity off-and-on for the past couple of years,” Johnson’s agent, David Winkle, said in a statement. “Ultimately, he decided it was in his and his family’s best interest to pursue it. Dustin has never had any issue with the PGA Tour and is grateful for all it has given him, but in the end, felt this was too compelling to pass up.” 