Hey bestie! Yes, we mean you, Post reader. Especially today, June 8, as it is National Best Friend’s Day and we love any excuse to celebrate and shop. From childhood best friends to your work wife or husband, a best friend is something to be cherished. Through good and bad and maybe even through your middle school awkward phase, they have been there for you, so now is the time to let them know how much they are appreciated. Not that you need an excuse to get a little something for them, but now would be the time, as many brands have the perfect BFF gifts in stock and on sale for the holiday. Plus, some are packaged in two’s, making for a little treat for you as well. Read on for our top best friend’s gifts you can shop right now for National Best Friend’s Day and beyond. Okay, we know a friendship bracelet isn’t too outside the box, but the stunning designs from FYB Jewelry are too good to pass up. This set comes with two bracelets to share with your best friend, and be sure to browse the rest of their friendship collection online. Every best friend loves being treated to some treats. Send them a Sugarwish, which is a gift box they can customize themselves. Choose how many treats to include, from popcorn and candy to tea and even pet treats and send via email. They can then log on and choose their goodies, shipping out soon after. Harry and David wants to help spoil your best friend this year with a gourmet gift basket of your choosing. Right now, they are on sale, with a buy one, get one 50% off deal that you can send to all your besties. Send a sweet treat to your sweetest friends with this super cute pack from Baked by Melissa. The package comes with 25 bite-sized cupcakes in a variety of flavors to choose from. Give the gift of quality time and adventure with an activity from Amazon Explore. Pick something the two of you love to do together, learn a new skill or simply give a gift card for them to use whenever they need a change of pace. Friendship knows no bounds, especially in a long distance friendship. Make sure to remind them of your love with a set of these lamps. They are connected no matter the distance and one lights up when the other is tapped, as a little way to show you are there despite the physical distance. Say “cheers” to your bestie, even if they don’t live close enough to hit up the bar with you. For those 21+ friends, send them a bottle of their favorite wine, beer or spirits. Or, if you can’t decide, send a gift card for instant delivery and drinks for the future. A photo is worth a thousand words and your bestie deserves them all. Preserve a precious memory in a customized photo book, calendar or even on a blanket that they will cherish forever. Share the scent of a beloved memory or choose a place that means a lot to your friendship, like a hometown or the place you met. Homesick Candles are a great way to honor your bestie while also giving a great housewarming gift in the same go. This is the gift for your oldest and closest friend. Matching underwear sets from MeUndies are a hilarious way to gift you and your bestie, with tons of styles and patterns to choose from for both genders. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.