Luxury shopping in the Hamptons was once relegated to real estate and farm stands. You could score a home with a water view, a highly coveted beach pass, locally-grown organic tomatoes in the height of season or a freshly-baked pie. But high fashion? Not so much. Now, however, luxury fashion and home-decor stores abound, popping up all over the East End. Here’s our guide to the latest spots to shop ’til you drop during the summer season — and beyond. Clare V. welcomes pop-ups from two of her friends this summer at 249 Main St.: Dôen’s modern feminine styles will be in-store from June 30 to July 11, followed by Heather Taylor Home’s cheery hand-woven linens, home goods and accessories from July 15 to 24. Sunshine Amagansett, a new shop at 303 Main St., will host an event on June 11 to benefit the Ali Forney Center, a safe haven for LGBTQ+ youth. Rebecca Taylor’s “romanticism redefined” summer fashion, as well as the label’s collab with eco-friendly brand Fisch, whose swimsuits are designed in St. Barts and made in Italy from regenerated fishing nets and ocean waste, can be shopped at Topping Rose House (1 Bridgehampton-Sag Harbor Turnpike) from July 1 to 3. The husband-and-wife team of Lynn Levoy and Dejan Milosavljević are fashion veterans whose highly curated retail concept, A Wild Dove, makes brands like Rick Owens, Comme des Garçons, R13 and Yohji Yamamoto available in the Hamptons. The retailer will pop up at Bridgehampton polo matches, at 900 Lumber Lane, July 23 and 30. Valentino returns to the beach, albeit in a new location at 53 Main St., offering crocheted hats, bags, slides and colorful Escape totes. Alison Lou reopens for the season at 38 Newtown Lane, with a selection of playful jewelry perfect for accenting a tan, including Loucite, the latest fine jewelry collection, Groovy, and personalized pieces that make great gifts. Just down the block, at 66 Newtown Lane, The Westside and Everafter are side-by-side destinations (from the founders of Intermix) for California-inspired fashions, accessories and gifts for women, kids and teens. Celeb-favorite artist Hunt Slonem, whose work has attracted Hollywood collectors such as J.Lo, Mandy Moore, Brooke Shields, Kate Hudson and Sharon Stone, will have a “Hop Up” shop at The Barn at East Hampton Gardens (16 Gingerbread Lane), chock full of home decor designs featuring his ever-popular bunnies, butterflies and parrots, through Labor Day. Joanna Buchanan will also be at the Gardens the weekend of June 25 with everything you need to throw a summer party, including melamine dishware, crochet place mats and other coastal decor. The EHP Resort & Marina is the dreamy setting for Dolce & Gabbana’s pop-up, from July 1 to Sept. 5, featuring exclusive pieces inspired by the brand’s Blu Mediterraneo collection. Lingua Franca reopens at the Crow’s Nest at 4 Old West Lake Drive for the season, showing off its iconic, hand-stitched fashions emblazoned with playful phrases and this year’s exclusive styles from Edie Parker (colorful acrylic bags with the words “ditch,” “the end” and “mtk” on them). The Surf Lodge has turned 183 Edgemere St. into a certifiable shopping destination; this year it kicks off with a “Brazil Edit” store, featuring brands like Adriana Degreas and Serpui, followed by a series of pop-ups from Maje, Bloomingdale’s x Studio 189, Andie swimwear, Helmut Lang, Amanda Uprichard, Rails and even home retailer Arhaus, who will take over from Sept. 20 to Oct. 2 with a focus on autumn decor. Attention Loewe fans, your beloved Spanish brand will set up at Ryland Life Equipment (155 Main St.), spotlighting its Paula’s Ibiza capsule of festive Balearic summer staples (for party people who might sport platform sandals, on-trend basket totes and fringed tops). Up your glam factor with jewels by Sorellina, Emily P. Wheeler, Jenna Blake and others, found at The Seven’s pretty and very pink pop-up, designed by Blake Brunson, through Sept. 13 at 8 Main St. Palm Beach newcomer Via Coquina has ventured north with a plethora of artisanal fashion and home designs — everything from one-of-a-kind vintage pieces, jewelry, caftans, woven beach bags and home accessories to an apothecary of artisanal soaps, candles and olive oils from the Mediterranean — now ensconced at 26 Madison St. Object & Thing will present new collage-like textile designs (coverlets, table runners and the like) by artist Megumi Shauna Arai, along with ceramics from Insta-favorite gardener, photographer and potter Frances Palmer, at the enchanting Madoo Conservancy (a garden with historic structures at 618 Sagg Main St., established in 1967 by the artist and writer Robert Dash) from May 27 to June 25. Alfredo Paredes Shelter Island Shop at Ram Design Home, 181 N. Ferry Road, features an American-made collection of timeless and exceedingly elegant furniture from the design darling and former Ralph Lauren exec. Alongside Paredes’ own pieces, the shop features a curated selection of art and objects for the home, including photography from Robin Rice Gallery, ceramics by island local Lily Hoffman and textiles from Rogers & Goffigon. Meanwhile, Marni returns to the Sunset Beach Hotel (35 Shore Road) from May 27 to Sept. 15, with the cheery Marni Marine boutique featuring one-of-a-kind pieces, Marni Market furniture as well as current spring-summer 2022 collection items for men, women and kids. Homenature, a haven of high-end home furnishings in soothing neutral shades, hosts the Tina Frey Summer Shop, a super-colorful pop-up of the San Francisco-based designer’s modern resin tableware and accessories, which make for excellent hostess gifts, at 6 Main St. from June through September.