Bill Gates — who was dethroned as the avuncular billionaire next door after his ties to Jeffrey Epstein were revealed — is still viewed more favorably than Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos, according to a new survey. The poll — which asked New Yorkers about Big Tech and what the government should do about the behemoth industry — found Gates has a 69% favorability rating. By comparison, Zuckerberg has a 43% favorability ranking and Amazon Executive Chair Jeff Bezos came in at 47%. Elon Musk, the richest man in the world and Tesla iconoclast, nabbed a 64% favorability rating, falling just short of Gates, the study from Edison Research shows. The lackluster ratings for tech moguls may have underscored sentiment among New Yorkers that the government should be doing more to rein in Big Tech. Some 70% of New Yorkers said they were dissatisfied with current tech regulation and 80% of respondents said the current laws do not sufficiently protect individual privacy. Prognosticators say this underscores the fact even average New Yorkers are hungry for Big Tech regulation. “Antitrust reform is bipartisan and popular, not just in New York but all across the country, and if the Senate can’t get it together to even call a vote it’s just the latest sign that the institution and its leadership are completely broken,” one Washington insider told The Post. The meeting comes as discussions about antitrust legislation are reaching a fever pitch. Schumer has promised to bring the bill, the Internet Innovation and Choice Act, to the floor but has demurred to set a date. The so-called “non-discrimination bill” — would stop platforms from “self-preferencing” their content. For instance, Amazon would no longer be able to promote its own content over third-party sellers on its site — a measure backers say would help smaller companies compete against Jeff Bezos’ e-commerce giant. The bill has passed initial hurdles in the House and the Senate — it has gotten approval in the committees of jurisdiction — but has been waiting on Schumer in the Senate to move it forward before it can be signed into law. Schumer has been facing heightened pressure from those in favor of antitrust legislation in recent weeks. Last week, a group of protestors dressed up as the “Monopoly Man” descended on Schumer’s D.C. residence to “thank him for being a friend to Big Tech.”