A UK traveler is being lambasted online after pretending to be injured so he could skip more than two hours’ worth of lines at an airport in Turkey. “Faked hurting my leg to get through security faster and onto the plane,” wrote sightseer-cum-swindler Wolf Jenkins — known as @wolfjenko on TikTok — in a video that boasts 1 million views. He said he dreamt up the security-expediting scheme because the “queue was out of the door and we knew we would have missed our flight” from Bodrum to his hometown of Bristol, Deadline reported. “I’d say around a two-hour wait to get through security and check-in at least,” Jenkins claimed. “The queue outside of the airport, it was insane, I didn’t expect it at all.” That’s when the idea struck. “I saw people in wheelchairs being pushed through so my friend waited in the queue and I went outside and took off my shoe and sock,” the travel hacker described. “I then limped back toward the door and a member of staff asked me if I needed assistance so I said I had twisted my ankle at the hotel just before getting into my taxi.” In the resultant one-minute clip, captioned, “amazing what taking one sock off can achieve,” the grifter can be seen removing his foot covering in order to feign an ankle sprain. The footage then cuts to him getting ferried through various security checkpoints by oblivious airport personnel. “Excuse me, so much pain here,” the narrator intones in mock sincerity as Jenkins bypasses various lines, at one point going through a “wheelchair-only” security queue — all while guffawing with his accomplices. His wheelchair trip ends with a staffer wheeling the cretin into the terminal as he “thanks” him profusely. Jenkins painted the scene, describing: “I was then ushered through security and to check in immediately and they asked me if I had a fit to fly form, but I said I have only just done it and that I could walk if necessary. But they said not to worry about it and let me through.” And the ill-gotten gravy plane ride didn’t end there. While Jenkins and his pals were originally slated to sit in different parts of the aircraft, upon noticing his “predicament,” staffers gave them a “whole row of six seats to sit with each other,” Jenkins said. To add insult to fake injury, he said “the staff were the same as who had been on the flight out there so they remembered us and were extremely friendly.” The clip concludes with Jenkins, now safely at his destination, putting his shoe back on and walking away from his wheelchair while laughing. Needless to say, his time-saving stunt earned him props from fellow travelers on TikTok with one writing: “Get ya monies worth lad!” “Work smart not hard,” said another admirer, while one newfound fan declared, “Deffo using this trick.” However, others found his handy-cap hack insensitive to the disabled. “This really isn’t funny, there are some of us that really actually need this!!!” fumed one critic while another called the move a “new low.” However, Jenkins claims that the measure wasn’t malicious. “It was all just a way to get through and make sure we didn’t miss our flight.”