The last living Medal of Honor recipient from World War II — a hero who fought enemy forces with a flamethrower in Iwo Jima — died Wednesday morning in West Virginia. He was 98. Hershel “Woody” Williams, a former Marine corporal who earned the military’s highest decoration for his bravery in the Battle of Iwo Jima, died peacefully at a veterans medical center, according to The Woody Williams Foundation. “Today at 3:15 a.m., Hershel Woodrow Williams, affectionately known by many as Woody went home to be with the Lord. Woody peacefully joined his beloved wife Ruby while surrounded by his family at the VA Medical Center which bears his name,” the foundation said in a statement. Williams was awarded the Medal of Honor after he used a flamethrower and explosives to clear seven concrete bunkers known as pillboxes while under heavy machine gunfire in February 1945. As all of the men in Williams’ company perished, he kept pushing forward — at one point shoving a flamethrower nozzle into one of the small concrete boxes and killing the enemies inside. He then refueled his weapon and boldly returned five more times to destroy the remaining pillboxes. The war hero later said he remembered little from that fateful day and that his mind was “just a blank.” Williams was born the youngest of 11 children in Quiet Dell, W.Va., in 1923. He was initially turned away from the armed forces for being too short at 5 feet 6, but as the war raged on, requirements became less strict. In 1943, he enlisted in the Marines, where he honed his skills with a flamethrower, according to his biography. “It wasn’t anything outstanding that particular day, February 23, 1945,” Williams told WSAZ in a previous report. “It was just another day of battle, as far as I was concerned. I was just the guy who was trained to do the flamethrower.” In March 2020, a military vessel was named in his honor, the USS Hershel “Woody” Williams. West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice said Wednesday he will sign a proclamation to lower all state and national flags to half-staff statewide this week in honor of Williams. “Today, America lost not just a valiant Marine and a Medal of Honor recipient, but an important link to our nation’s fight against tyranny in the Second World War,” Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said. “I hope every American will pause to reflect on his service and that of an entire generation that sacrificed so much to defend the cause of freedom and democracy.”