The irate customer who allegedly gunned down a hard-working Chinese food delivery man in a cold-blooded attack in Queens — which stemmed from a dispute about duck sauce — was busted late Wednesday, cops announced Thursday. Glenn Hirsch, 51, was picked up on a warrant at his Briarwood apartment around 8 p.m. Wednesday and charged with murder, as well as criminal possession of a loaded firearm in connection to the April 30 slaying of the 45-year-old Zhiwen Yan, authorities said. Hirsch had an ongoing beef with staff at Great Wall on Queens Boulevard – bombarding the restaurant with phone calls and even calling 911 on them – when he took his anger out on Yan, police said. Yan, a married father of three who migrated from China about 20 years ago, was making a delivery on his scooter near 108th Street and 67th Drive in Forest Hills around 9:30 p.m. when Hirsch allegedly shot him once in the chest. Hirsch was in his car when he spotted Yan and followed him to a stop light – where he got out of his ride and opened fire, authorities said. Restaurant owner Kai Yang told The Post that Hirsch had previously been in a rage over the amount of duck sauce he got with an order late last year. The duck-sauce dispute sparked a series of increasingly disturbing encounters – including one in which the angry customer slashed Yang’s tires and pointed a gun at him when confronted, the owner said. Yang said the crazed customer was wrestled to the ground by employees — including Zhiwen Yan — during the gun incident. But despite repeated calls to police over time about the angry customer, the patron was never charged, Yang said. At a candlelight vigil, the slain delivery man’s wife called for justice. “New York City, you owe me a life … you owe me a husband … you owe an explanation to the Chinese community,” Kunying Zhao said through an interpreter. “I want to know why since last November his boss and colleagues have been threatened multiple times and nobody could protect them. I want to know why!”