One contract negotiation down, one major deal to go for Aaron Judge and the Yankees. The two sides settled their dispute over Judge’s 2022 salary just minutes before a panel of arbitrators was expected to hear arguments Friday, as first reported by The Post. The participants were in their respective rooms and the arbitrators were standing by on a Zoom call when a request was made to delay the noon start time to hammer out a last-minute agreement and avoid the hearing. Judge will earn $19 million plus bonuses of $250,000 each if he wins American League MVP and World Series MVP. Headed into deadline day, the Yankees were offering $17 million and Judge was asking for $21 million, so they met in the middle with incentives to sweeten the pot. “Excited that’s behind us,” manager Aaron Boone said Friday night before the Yankees hosted the Astros, “and we can leave that portion of the show alone.” About 14 hours before the settlement, Judge hit a game-winning RBI single for a come-from-behind 7-6 victory Thursday night over Houston, capping maybe the best of the Yankees’ first 52 wins. It was the latest highlight in a season that included a .304 batting average, 27 home runs, 58 runs scored and 53 RBIs and proved Judge’s uncanny ability to separate business from performance as the two run parallel with free agency looming. “Knowing him now as long as I’ve known who he is, I’m not surprised at all,” Boone said. “If you dropped me in and I didn’t know him, and I knew the situation, then maybe. But it’s who he is.” The hearing was pushed into the season because business could not be conducted during the offseason MLB lockout, and it created a backlog of arbitration cases. Just before Opening Day, Judge rejected a seven-year, $213.5 million extension that would have been added on top of his 2022 salary, so it would have amounted to at least $232.5 million over eight years given the result Friday. “I actually think it’s easy for him to separate,” Boone said. “He loves as much as anyone to compete between the lines with his teammates, and that’s why he is so revered [in the clubhouse]. He’s about winning. He understands there is a business side of this, obviously, but when he puts his uniform on and is with those guys, it’s about winning. That’s where his focus begins and ends.” Judge’s willingness to bet on himself and engage the Yankees in a game of chicken have set up an interesting next round of negotiations to determine whether he will spend his entire career in pinstripes. “Clearly it hasn’t affected him,” Yankees infielder DJ LeMahieu told The Post. “He’s just in a really good zone right now. He’s one of those guys that doesn’t like talking about that stuff. He just wants to play baseball.” Even though the arbitrators were not allowed to consider his numbers to date this season in making their decision, the settlement certainly is in the Yankees’ best interest. Arguing that Judge should not be paid at the same level as others he considers to be his peers while the slugging outfielder listened in on the call might have resulted in hurt feelings and created a disruption to a potentially historic season. Judge is on pace to challenge Roger Maris’ single-season team record of 61 home runs and the Yankees are on pace to eclipse the MLB single-season record of 116 wins. It is fair to wonder what message a tight-knit clubhouse would have taken from seeing the Yankees take on the face of the franchise. “No matter what would have happened, I don’t think that would’ve changed,” Boone said when asked if the agreement will help maintain chemistry. “The focus and the closeness of this group — and the mission of this group — I don’t think is altered either way.” It seems both sides are OK with never knowing for sure what would have happened.