Prince William and Kate Middleton paid their respects to the victims of the horrific Grenfell Tower fire in London that took the lives of 72 people in 2017. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended a memorial service Tuesday on the fifth anniversary of the raging inferno that ripped through the 230-foot-tall apartment building. The pair joined mourners at the base of the tower for a special service before the main memorial at Westminster Abbey later in the day. The royals also took part in a wreath-laying ceremony, as well as a two-mile walk at the site of the fire, and a 72-second moment of silence in tribute to the 72 lives lost that fateful day. “At today’s memorial service, we joined survivors in remembering those lost,” the duke and duchess tweeted. “It was an honor to meet the people @GrenfellUnited who play a vital role in the care of those affected.” The poignant memorial service was organized by Grenfell United, a group created by survivors and bereaved families fighting for change to prevent the same disaster from repeating. The tower was illuminated with 72 beams of light in a poignant tribute on Tuesday evening. “72 beams of light reminding those in power we’re here to stay. 18,000 people walked with us in solidarity this evening. Thank you for coming. #UnitedForGrenfell #ForeverInOurHearts,” Grenfell United tweeted. Mom of three Kate laid a wreath of white flowers before she and her husband bowed their heads during a moment of reflection. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan followed suit by laying his wreath next to the royals’. At the ceremony, survivors and bereaved relatives released 18 green balloons into the sky to represent each child who tragically lost their lives in the blaze. The name of each child was read out as each balloon was released. An official investigation into the fire concluded the building’s cladding and insulation materials used were flammable. The construction of the window frames also helped fan the fire. The blaze started in a fridge in a fourth-floor apartment in the early hours of June 14, 2017. Flames traveled through an open window, took hold of the cladding, and consumed the entire 24-story building.