Chris Pratt has come clean about a dirty trick on the set of his new project. The 42-year-old “Jurassic World: Dominion” star revealed how an attempt to bury himself alive for a prank went hilariously awry during his appearance Wednesday night on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” “I s–t my pants — that’s how committed I was,” Pratt exclaimed while telling host Kimmel about how he tried to pull a scatological stunt on the cast and crew while filming his new series “The Terminal List,” which premieres July on Amazon Prime. The “Guardians of the Galaxy” actor set the soiled scene: “There’s one scene where my character James Reece gets caught in a mudslide and so to get the shot the last thing we did was me essentially getting buried alive.” Pratt explained, “So I’m laying on about a 45-degree angle, buried up to my head in dirt and what they’re going to do is cover me with dirt. I’m breathing through a straw and they use an excavator to dump another big bucket full of dirt on top of me in the shot and I’m supposed to crawl out.” That’s when the “Parks and Recreation” veteran decided to freak out his co-workers by pretending he was really in trouble. “I thought it’d be funny if I just don’t move for about 30 seconds,” he said. However, Pratt’s subterranean stunt unfortunately fell face down in the dirt after he discovered he “actually couldn’t move” his body — for real. “I could only move my right hand,” Pratt said of his accidental method acting. “Took a minute and a half and I finally get out and I cough up dirt.” While the prank didn’t go according to plan, the crew reportedly praised the underground star on what they believed was simply a hyperrealistic performance, describing the take as the “best acting” they’d ever seen him do, according to Pratt. The Post has reached out to Pratt’s camp for confirmation on whether he actually pooped his pants or was just joking with his buddy Jimmy. “Jurassic World: Dominion,” which also stars Bryce Dallas Howard, Sam Neill, Laura Dern and Jeff Goldblum, is set to open in theaters this Friday.  