Chill out, America. United States adults say they only feel relaxed approximately 40 minutes per day, on average, with 47% claiming they get even fewer minutes of peace than that, according to a new “self-care” poll. The survey, conducted by OnePoll on behalf of Sensodyne, asked 2,000 participants about their self-care habits and revealed that more than half of them consider it a priority and spend an average of 38 minutes per day on those efforts — although 15% were prepared to spend over an hour on themselves. However, the ways individuals define “self-care” are vast, the poll found. In the top spot, 36% of respondents said that meant getting in a workout; for 35%, it was listening to music; and for a downright ascetic 33%, simply flossing qualified as “me time.” Long showers, baths and complex skin care routines were among other top-ranked wellness routines, as well as a long sofa session with a favorite TV show or movie. Of the more productive self-care habits, three in 10 liked to unwind with a good book, while journaling — indeed, work to some — ranked at the bottom of the pack, as just 23% found it to be a relaxing activity. There are barriers to achieving the ultimate self, according to 52%, who said their tenuous finances were holding them back, while 42% simply lacked the motivation. Reassuringly, 72% agreed that the pandemic had prompted them to take more interest in personal wellness. While investing over 200 hours per year on self-care, according to the survey, it’s important to consider the environmental impact of these endeavors, said Stephanie Hernandez, a senior brand manager and spokesperson for Sensodyne, who commissioned the study. “It’s important to make real, positive impacts on the environment, when possible — especially when it comes to products that are being used on a daily basis,” Hernandez said in a statement to South West New Service. Most respondents, around 70%, said they are worried about the health of the planet, and 67% reported doing their best to be environmentally conscious during self-care, such as turning off the faucet when brushing their teeth (42%), not letting the water run while washing their dishes (39%) and purchasing recycled and recyclable products (36%). “According to the survey, 64% of Americans said that sometimes their self-care habits make it hard to be environmentally friendly,” added Hernandez. “Making small swaps to a routine like using a recyclable tube and recyclable carton can help maintain a healthy balance of being environmentally conscious while having an effective self-care regime.” America’s favorite self-care habits: