Who’s got two extraordinarily “bendy” thumbs, a camera and is making bank? This NICU nurse on TikTok. Allie Rae, 38, has revealed just how lucrative the market for flexible thumbs can be after making thousands of dollars by selling custom pictures and videos of her bizarre trick. Rae, a former nurse in a neonatal intensive care unit in Boston, was let go from her job in 2021 after the hospital found her OnlyFans page. That’s when she decided to focus on her highly niche digital venture. “I quickly started making six figures monthly and reached over a million in my first year,” the mom-of-three, now living in Florida, told The Post. “The thumb stuff started last month. Some guy wrote to me because he saw how flexible my thumbs were on my [Instagram] stories and TikTok. He said he had a huge fetish for thumbs and mine were very rare and bendy,” she said. Rae admitted she “didn’t know” her unique thumbs were a fetish, so her post about it on TikTok became an inadvertent advertisement for her talents, and lead to other men messaging her for pictures and videos of her digits. “I started getting messages from other thumb lovers all over TikTok, and then made another $8,000 this month for [pictures] and videos of my thumbs on a steering wheel, driving, holding things, etc.,” she claimed. “In the last 30 days I’ve made $13,000 off pictures of my thumbs,” she continued. “It’s pretty crazy stuff, but I think it’s so fun.” Rae has had a few crazy requests from fans, including one man who allegedly offered her $20,000 for her teeth. “He wanted molars and my two front teeth,” she recalled. “He claimed he was a ‘tooth collector’ of many celebs and models, and was very particular about them being ‘professionally removed’ with care to not damage the teeth during the removal,” she explained. She gave his request two thumbs down. “I obviously declined,” Rae said. “But no joke, he was even going to pay for me to get false teeth put in after.” The Post previously spoke with the former healthcare worker, who treated COVID-19 patients on the front lines during the beginning of the pandemic, about her job transition. It took just two sexy shots on her OnlyFans profile to see the potential. “After that first month, month and a half, we easily cleared $8,000, it was kind of crazy,” she told The Post at the time. “As a nurse I was making six, maybe seven grand a month, so it was real money.”