While “The Parent Trap” is a fan-favorite movie, it’s hard to think something like that would happen in real life. Imagine discovering that there was someone out there who looked exactly like you and was born on the same day. A woman named Aspen Lish, who goes by @aspenlish on TikTok, said that exact scenario happened to her — and the internet has had their minds blown. “I have a crazy story time for you guys,” she began the video. “I think it’s crazy, the girl involved in it thinks it’s crazy. Maybe you guys won’t, but here we go.” Aspen showed a screenshot of a direct message that she received from another woman a few months ago. In the message, the woman wrote: “This is so wild, but a ton of people have been sending me your beautiful wedding TikTok because they think we’re doppelgängers… Not to be weird, but I stalked you and even our baby pictures look alike.” The woman sent Aspen her own baby pictures so that she could compare them. “So, I put them side by side,” Aspen said while revealing the comparable images. In the first images, their smiles were certainly similar and they both had gaps in their teeth. The next comparison showed two toddlers with an eerily twinning appearance. “This little bob with blonde hair and blue eyes,” she noted. “And we happen to have the same picture,” she said, referring to two photos of them as babies in the bathtub with their hair pointing up. The woman then followed up with Aspen again months later. In this next DM, she said: “I went back and stalked you and I found that WE HAVE THE SAME BIRTHDAY… I swear the lists of similarities go on and on and on. “One of the TikToks someone sent me was the one where you listed some of the things you love, and this is a picture of my desk this morning.” In the photo of her desk, the woman circled the items that matched up: she had a bouquet of Peonies, Jo Malone perfume, Laneige lip balm, gold hoop earrings, clear pink nail polish, vintage sunglasses, and hair oil. Aspen said they even look alike as adults. “We’re both tall, blonde, blue eyes. It’s not hard for us to look alike at this point, but we still have a lot of similar photos and stuff. I just think it’s crazy.” She showed side-by-side images of the two of them in red polo shirts, rocking the same pose. “And then we get talking some more and stalking each other some more, and we realized we were in Paris at the exact same time. Call it a coincidence, but I have a doppelganger!” Viewers were suspicious about the remarkable similarities: “Are you sure you guys aren’t secretly adopted twins?” one person asked. “This can’t be a coincidence,” added another. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.