CNN editor-at-large Chris Cillizza was roasted online by critics from both the left and right after he posted a story suggesting that Hillary Clinton could mount a run for president in 2024 in light of the Supreme Court decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Cillizza on Tuesday linked to an article he published on CNN’s website titled “The whispers of Hillary Clinton 2024 have started.” He then posted a tweet with the link and a caption that read: “Now is her moment.” Cillizza was quoting a conservative writer, John Ellis, who wrote an article predicting that Clinton would make a political comeback in light of Friday’s abortion ruling. The CNN analyst conceded that “the smart gamble is that Clinton doesn’t run again,” though he wondered if Friday’s dramatic Supreme Court ruling “changed her calculus somewhat as she looks to her own future.” There is a growing sense among Democratic Party operatives that a combination of 79-year-old Joe Biden’s advanced age, Vice President Kamala Harris’ unpopularity, and the nation’s struggling economy makes the president particularly vulnerable in 2024, according to reports. This has fueled speculation that senior party figures would perhaps try to recruit others who give the Democrats a better chance of retaining the White House, including Clinton, the former secretary of state who lost in 2016 to Donald Trump. Earlier this year, two senior party functionaries teased a Clinton redux in 2024. A speech given by the former senator from New York at the state’s Democratic Party convention in February also spurred talk of another Clinton run for the White House. “While I find it utterly implausible that Clinton would run against Biden in a primary in 2024, I also think that an open nomination — if Biden takes a pass on running — would be something that would be hard for Clinton to not at least look at,” Cillizza writes. “That’s not to say she would run. It’s only to say that her name would get bandied about if the seat was open. That’s a lock.” Cillizza’s tweet was not well received by GOP supporters who despise the former first lady as well as progressives fearful of repeating the trauma of six years ago. “The only way the Democrats could get worse than Biden,” Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) tweeted. Nina Turner, the progressive candidate for the Democratic Party nomination for US Senate from Ohio, tweeted: “No.” Noah Shachtman, the editor in chief of Rolling Stone magazine, tweeted: “dude runs this play every couple of months.” Another Twitter user said it was time for the next generation of leaders to step forward and lead the Democrats. “Please stop. I love her but it is time for Gen X, Millennials and Gen Z to take over,” tweeted a Democratic Party supporter.