Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert, tested positive for COVID-19 Wednesday. Fauci, 81, tested positive on a rapid antigen test and was “experiencing mild symptoms,” the National Institutes of Health said in a statement. The NIH noted that Fauci was fully vaccinated and has received two booster shots. “Dr. Fauci will isolate and continue to work from his home. He has not recently been in close contact with President Biden or other senior government officials,” the NIH said. Fauci attended an event at his alma mater, the College of The Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, on Saturday, where a complex of science buildings was named after him. A statement from the college described hundreds of students and faculty standing “shoulder to shoulder” and “packing” the event space. The College of the Holy Cross did not immediately respond when asked if others had tested positive after the event. Wednesday’s announcement is the first that Fauci’s tested positive since the pandemic began. The White House chief medical adviser and Brooklyn native had dodged the virus for more than two years. In early April he attended DC’s first major society event in two years — the haughty 630-person Gridiron dinner — which became a superspreader, sickening more than 70 guests, including two cabinet members. Fauci bowed out of the White House Correspondents Dinner later that month over COVID-19 concerns. Over the more-than-two-year pandemic, Fauci became a polarizing figure, often at odds with former President Donald Trump’s approach to COVID-19 policy. The doctor has caught flack throughout the pandemic for what critics have called jumbled, sometimes contradictory messaging. Early on, Fauci discouraged the use of protective facemasks for ordinary Americans, only to later urge wearing multiple masks. More recently, Fauci declared America “out of the pandemic phase” of Covid-19 and then walked the comment back a day later. He said last month that he would not stay in his role in the White House if former President Donald Trump wins the 2024 election.