A 22-year-old man wanted for shooting his ex-girlfriend and “executing” her 9-year-old daughter has been arrested in Texas, police said. Jeremiah Jones was taken into custody at 6 p.m. Tuesday by a SWAT team in Houston following a manhunt, Houston Police Department said. Jones, who was out on bond at the time of the deadly shooting Monday that killed 9-year-old Khylie Sorrells and injured her mom, Brittany, was booked into the Harris County Jail on counts of capital murder and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. He was due in court Wednesday. According to court records cited by KPRC, Brittany Sorrells had been watching a movie in bed with Khylie and her two other girls, ages 1 and 7, when Jones showed up at her apartment on Oxford Street just before 10 p.m. Sorrells told investigators that Jones, with whom she had broken up two months ago after eight months of dating, demanded that she give him a television that he thought was his. Jones then ripped the TV off the wall and moved to the living room, where Sorrells followed him. As the argument between the pair continued, the man ordered Sorrells to hand over her phone. The woman said her ex-boyfriend accused her of seeing another man and became upset when he learned that she had been messaging someone, according to reporting by KHOU11. That is when Jones ran back into the bedroom where Sorrells’ children were alone and fired two shots, according to investigators. He then allegedly returned to the living room, forced Sorrells to get on the floor and shot her in the shoulder, before fleeing the scene in a Chevy Camaro. Brittany raced to her children and found Khylie lying on the floor shot in the head. Her two other daughters were unharmed. Houston police Lt J.P. Horelica said Jones intentionally “executed” the girl, possibly as “revenge” for the breakup. The mother and daughter were taken to an area hospital, where Khylie was pronounced dead. Brittany was treated for her injuries and later released. In the description of a GoFundMe campaign that the mom has launched to help her with her daughter’s funeral expenses, she described the 9-year-old as a star basketball player who loved making TikTok videos. “I don’t wish this type of pain on nobody,” she wrote. “I’m hurting my family is wanting justice.” Houston Police Chief Troy Finner said in a statement that Khylie was a member of HPD’s Police Activities League program. “This senseless act of domestic violence hits home for me and the HPD family,” he stated. “We ask the community to pray for this angel, her mother and her family.” Horelica said at the time of the shooting, Jones was out on bond for evading arrest. He is also accused of violating a protective order that Sorrells had filed against him. Court documents obtained by KPRC indicate that as recently as last week, Sorrells complained that Jones had threatened to shoot her dead. The woman also made four calls to the police about her ex-boyfriend within the past month. The 22-year-old has an extensive criminal record stretching back a decade, including charges of theft and making terroristic threats.