As far as our calendars are concerned, there’s simply no better two-day shopping event than Amazon Prime Day. Now that we know the event is taking place Tuesday, July 12 and Wednesday, July 13 (we have a countdown in place already, in case you were wondering), we’re upping the deal-hunting and product-recommending tenfold. The major retail shopping holiday — which was initially launched to celebrate Prime members — is now a full-fledged celebration that’s not only a cash cow for Amazon, but a cash-saver for us. With thousands upon thousands of marked-down prices, you’re bound to find at least one product (or ten) that’ll pique your interest across a slew of categories: the buzziest smart home products, time-saving air fryers and a host of home decor and beauty buys to comb through. What’s more, you’ll have prime access (pun totally intended) into all the much-acclaimed Amazon best-sellers that are the retailer’s finest (think: the Revlon Blow-Dryer brush we reviewed and wireless earbuds, among others). You don’t want to miss Amazon Prime Day 2022 and, as we anxiously await the shopping extravaganza, the retailer is hosting some fabulous deals to kickstart your add-to-cart experience. If you haven’t hopped on the AirPods bandwagon yet, it’s about time you do. They’re the top-tier wireless buds you can’t leave home without — whether you’re listening to your favorite podcast or listening to an audiobook. Snag them while they’re 30% off. All hail the Mother of All Streaming Devices: Amazon’s Fire TV Stick. With Disney+, Prime Video and more, your better-than-ever streaming experience has been unlocked. It’s just $25 right now, with more than 220K hyper-enthusiastic Amazon reviewers backing it. If there’s anything we learned from WFH home, it’s that a standing desk beats all odds. From the brand that also offers the legendary Desk Bike ($420), you don’t want to miss out on this modern home staple that’s nearly 25% off. Revlon’s One-Step Volumizer Blow-Dryer Brush is next-level, namely for allowing us to achieve a salon-worthy blowout from the comfort of our bathrooms. We reviewed it and think it pairs well with some of the best beauty products we tested, including shampoos, rich hair conditioners and dry shampoos. Now, it’s less than $50. You asked, we answered — so we put the Keurig and Nespresso to the test in our comprehensive review. This easy-to-use Keurig Coffee Maker is a whopping 36% off and, when paired with the perfect aromatic K-pods, you’re golden. We’ve elevated our home gyms to the max this year. But, it’s not complete without a signature rowing machine that’ll offer a one-of-a-kind toning workout. This top-rated one from Sunny Health & Fitness is less than $250 right now with more than 16K fabulous reviews. Ah, the joys of outdoor patio furniture. A coastal-leaning set is perfect to lounge in (perhaps with an outdoor pizza oven or fire pit) and everyone’s picking a trusty set up to soak in the summer months. Specifically, Wisteria Lane has a match-all, traditional bundle for $150 off. Though not on a massive sale, the Fitbit Charge 4 is one of the more popular snags to pick up ahead of Prime Day. Not only does this model have built-in GPS tracking, but you’ll be able to monitor your sleep levels and heart rate, too. Plus, this maroon color is chic and pairs well with any matching workout set. Impressively, Calphalon’s highly rated 10-Piece Nonstick Cookware Set is more than 40% off and comes with all the basics to have you sauteéing like a pro. Whether you’re looking to add it to your wedding registry or are simply on the hunt for a quality cookware set, this deal is A+. The fan-favorite Crest 3D Whitestrips are also on sale ahead of Amazon Prime Day. As a leading teeth whitening brand, you’ll achieve pearly whites in no time (from personal experience: they really work!) Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.