RIP Superteam. Kevin Durant requested a trade from the Nets on Thursday in a seismic move that will set back the franchise and shake up the NBA. Three years to the day after joining Brooklyn with Kyrie Irving and DeAndre Jordan, Durant asked out in a move first reported by The Athletic and confirmed by The Post. The tenure together ends as an abject failure, with just 44 games played, one playoff series victory and no titles. Now Brooklyn general manager Sean Marks has agreed to work with Durant and his business partner Rich Kleiman to find a new home for arguably the best active player on the planet. But Marks’ unsentimental history in building Brooklyn from scratch implies he’s going to trade Durant wherever he can get the best return. And for a four-time scoring champ with four years left on his contract, that return promises to be historic. Team have been preparing for this moment – both internally, and reaching out to the Nets – for the better part of a week. Durant made the trade demand personally to Nets owner Joe Tsai, according to ESPN – a demand that has its roots in Brooklyn’s chaotic last season and the deterioration of the team’s rapport with enigmatic star Irving, Durant’s longtime friend. After Irving threatened to opt-out and leave for nothing – and implied that Durant could follow him out the door if he went – the point guard grudgingly ended up opting in to the final $36.5 million year of his contract. But both seem likely gone now, with neither of them having any sort of contact with Marks or the front office since Irving opted in Monday. The Nets will almost certainly look to deal Irving as well, although his market will be nowhere near as robust as the one for Durant. Brooklyn will expect to get a king’s ransom for Durant. Having just inked a four-year, $194 million extension during last summer’s Olympics that kicks in this upcoming season, a Top-10 player of all-time in his prime hitting the trade market is almost unprecedented. The haul that New Orleans pried out of the Lakers for Anthony Davis should be the starting point of discussions. There has been constant talk in league circles linking Durant to Phoenix. Yahoo reported that the Suns are his preference, with ESPN adding that Miami is a potential landing spot. With Ben Simmons now standing as the Nets’ foundational piece – and it clearly impossible to replace Durant like-for-like – going with elite young talent in an on-the-fly retooling makes the most sense. As the Post and others reported, Suns center Deandre Ayton and forward Mikal Bridges are the primary pieces being talked about. The former is just 23-years-old and the latter 25, potentially giving the Nets elite young pieces to pair with Simmons as they retool. But any sign-and-trade deals would hard cap the team receiving the player (i.e., Ayton), so itcould require sequencing and a third or even fourth team to be looped in. Durant and Irving have both been linked to the Heat. Much of Tsai’s business model was to go big to profit big, to do everything first class and build a star-studded team to challenge Golden State. The Nets lost money largely because of mind-bending luxury tax bills, and after three years of the Durant-Irving experiment, they have one playoff series win and no titles. Now they’ll have no Durant, and in all likelihood, no Irving. Regardless of the return, the era has to be considered a failure. The seeds of that failure were sown when Irving refused to get vaccinated and ended up playing just 29 games this past season – a decision that prompted James Harden to demand a trade in February. The return of that Harden trade was Simmons, Andre Drummond, Seth Curry and two first-round picks. Simmons hasn’t played for the Nets (citing a bad back and mental illness issues), Drummond is a free agent and Brooklyn dealt one of its two 2023 first-rounders for Utah Jazz small forward Royce O’Neal, according to The Athletic. The entire roster now is expected to be up for discussion. The rebuild is on. Again.