She’s 37, flirty and thriving. Khloé Kardashian got a little “turned on” Thursday during a “Hot Ones” interview with host Sean Evans. The First We Feast YouTube series has celebrity guests answer questions while eating increasingly hot chicken wings. Early on in the interview, which was filmed on June 9, according to a source close to the show, Evans, 36, congratulated the Hulu reality star on her $17 million custom-built Los Angeles home, and complimented “what I have to say is without hyperbole is the most organized and impressive kitchen pantry I’ve ever seen in my life.” “I don’t know if you’re flirting with me, but that’s the best flirting you could ever give me: complimenting my pantry,” the Good American co-founder said. “Whatever you want, you’re gonna get after this,” she said to some off-camera crew laughs. Kardashian explained that she wanted to limit the amount of plastic in her pantry, leading her to invest in Lazy Susans. She even stained the wood with different colors to complete her monochromatic vibe, she said. “But I love a good organized anything. It’s a big turn-on for me, as you can see. I don’t know if this is like lingering and getting hotter. I don’t know if it’s you or the wings,” Kardashian quipped, clutching a glass of water with her talon-like pink-tipped fake nails. “Oof, all right,” Evans replied, using his hands to fan his bald head. “Or all this pantry talk. I think it’s the pantry talk,” Kardashian pondered. “Keep talking organization and I’m good to go.” “We might have to de-fog this lens here before we move on to wing No. 3,” Evans playfully scrubbed the camera. Evans had “no comment” on the flirty exchange when contacted by The Post on Thursday. The playful comments come as Kardashian is back on the dating market after her longtime boyfriend and baby daddy, NBA player Tristian Thompson, fathered a child with another woman. She recently shut down a rumor on gossip account @deuxmoi that she was seeing another basketball star, but is now rumored to be dating a private equity investor she met through her sister Kim.