Alleged “abuse” victims at the hand of actor Ezra Miller are breaking their silence on their encounters with the troubled actor. In a detailed Variety exposé, the woman who was allegedly choked by Ezra Miller at a bar in Iceland in 2020 recalled the events leading up to the viral video. Three sources support the anonymous alleged victim’s claim that she started a conversation with the star of “The Flash” — who uses they/them pronouns — after noticing wounds on their feet. The woman said Miller, who was wearing flip-flops, told her that they got the injuries from a fight. As she walked away — the woman claimed — she turned and joked, “But just so you know, I could take you in a fight.” Miller reportedly responded, “You really want to fight?” and the woman told Miller to meet her in the smoking area in two minutes. Miller eventually met the woman outside of the bar — where the joke allegedly got physical. “I think it’s just fun and games — but then it wasn’t,” the woman said. “All of a sudden, [they’re] on top of me, choking me, still screaming in my face if I want to fight. My friend who’s filming sees [they’re] obviously not joking and it’s actually serious, so he stops filming, and pushes [Miller] off me as [they’re] still trying to fight me,” she recalled. “Two guy friends of mine are actually holding [Miller] back as [Miller’s] screaming, ‘This is what you wanted! This is what you wanted!’” Variety also spoke with a former friend of Miller, named Nadia, who claimed the “Suicide Squad” star called her “transphobic” and a “Nazi” after Nadia asked Miller not to smoke cigarettes in her home. Nadia said she invited Miller to her apartment in Berlin, Germany, in February 2022. The pair had not seen each other since they reportedly had consensual sex in 2020. Nadia said Miller was “super nice and super polite” until they started rolling a cigarette, which she told them they needed to take outside. “That just set them off,” she claimed. “I asked them to leave about 20 times, maybe more. They started insulting me. I’m a ‘transphobic piece of s – – t.’ I’m a ‘Nazi.’ “It became so, so stressful for me,” recalled Nadia, who also said she had informed Miller that she is a descendant of Holocaust survivors. “They were going around my house, looking at everything, touching everything, spreading tobacco leaves on the floor. It felt disgusting and very intrusive.” After about 30 minutes, she said Miller finally left once she called the police. While she didn’t think the actor would sexually assault her that night, she believed they “could somehow attack me physically.” “I totally felt unsafe,” she said. In April, Nadia filed a criminal complaint about the incident, according to Variety. Investigators were looking into a charge of trespassing against Miller, but the German state prosecutor’s office in Berlin said it had stopped its search since Miller had left the country. The Post has reached out for comment from representatives for Miller. In March, Miller was arrested at a bar in Hawaii for disorderly conduct and harassment. Less than four weeks later, they were arrested in the Aloha State for second-degree assault. Miller has since been accused of grooming a number of youngsters, including Gibson Iron Eyes, who reportedly changed their name and uses she/they pronouns. Speaking to The Post earlier this month, Gibson’s mom, Sara Jumping Eagle, said Miller has “brainwashed” her child. “He’s not letting Tokata or the other girls bathe or wear makeup,” Jumping Eagle claimed, referring to the child by their birth name. “They have to ask his permission. It’s an R. Kelly-type situation and it’s very scary,” she added, referring to the singer turned convicted sex offender. Additionally, a mother and nonbinary child from Massachusetts also got a protection order against the star after the family claimed the actor menaced them. Earlier this month, Rolling Stone also published another report alleging that Miller is housing a mother and her young children at their Vermont farm. The kids’ father is reportedly worried for their safety, while the mother claims Miller is keeping them safe because, she says, the dad is abusive. “It seems to be a pattern,” Nadia told Variety about the worldwide allegations against Miller. “They jet-set abuse.”