Game 3 of the 2022 NBA Finals between the Boston Celtics and Golden State Warriors kicks off tonight at 9 p.m. ET on ABC. Locked in a 1-1 series, we appear destined for a gruelingly physical series that nearly goes into July. With the Celtics returning home to the TD Garden, look for Boston to have an immediate edge in this game. Although, theoretically, the real test will be the third quarter, where they have been outscored 39-73. There is plenty of reason for optimism for the Celtics, however. The Golden State Warriors have been pretty awful on the road these playoffs, with a net rating of -15.9 (third-worst among all playoff teams, with no minimum games played). The advanced stats show that the Celtics have been pretty consistent between their home and road splits, too. Boston has a 112.3 offensive rating on the road compared to 110.6 at home during the playoffs. They are hitting 13.8 3-pointers per game at home, compared to 14.0 on the road. Overall, we should see the same team now that we saw in the first two games of the Finals. However, it’s the Warriors that we will need to see improvements from early in the game if they want to avoid a 2-1 deficit in the series. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: GSW +3.5 (-110) vs. BOS -3.5 (-110) Moneyline: GSW (+135) vs. BOS (-160) Total: Over 212.5 (-110) | Under 212.5 (-110) The Warriors haven’t played very many road games these playoffs. They have been better in their last three road playoff games, but still have a negative net rating. Boston role players such as Grant Williams and Derrick White all play better at home and will be firing 3-pointers all night. Perhaps, Game 4 will be a spot to bet for the Warriors, but for now, the Celtics are the play in the TD Garden Arena tonight. Time to start calling him “Green-light Derrick.” The Celtics guard has played 30-plus minutes in each game this series and four of the last six. He’s also been firing 3s at a tremendous rate. In his last six games, he is averaging 5.33 3-point attempts per game. He has also surpassed this player prop in two of his last four games overall. White has come into a zone, and the Celtics trust him with the ball. All he needs now is to make good on that opportunity and sink some open jumpers. Bet365 is never afraid of pushing these longshot 3-pointer props out. Grant Williams might be played off the court in this series, so small bets only here. However, the juice is far too much not to try and get some squeeze out of it. Williams plays significantly better at home than on the road (2.3 threes made at home vs. 1.1 on the road). He’s also averaging 8.1 points per game on the road against 11.0 at home. All stats are for the playoffs only and are courtesy of NBA.com. Grant Williams is a worthy bet to get 3 or more 3-pointers to drop tonight. Andrew Wiggins has looked like a different guy during this playoff run with the Warriors. Cashing in on his forgotten potential, which LeBron James famously wanted no part of in his return to Cleveland, Wiggins has cashed his assists prop in multiple games. In fact, he has at least two assists in five of his last seven games. He seems to play just as well on the road as he does at home, making this an even more appetizing bet.