Thank you for being a friend — by paying more than the asking price! After hitting the market in April for $10.57 million, and for the first time in more than 50 years, the late Betty White’s Los Angeles home has sold, its listing brokerage told The Post. The final sale price: approximately $10.67 million, some $100,000 over the ask. The identity of the new owner isn’t immediately clear. The home stands in affluent Brentwood, at 506 North Carmelina Ave., and it’s where the “Golden Girls” titan lived at the time of her death this past New Year’s Eve at age 99 — less than three weeks from her 100th birthday and less than a week after having a stroke. Following her death, fans gathered outside the property to pay their respects for the star, who entertained generations of viewers during the course of her more than 80-year career. Despite the charm of the standing home, a 1952-built structure accented with canary yellow shutters, the listing notes the property would be sold for land value, adding it affords a buyer the chance to build their dream home on a flat lot. What’s more: prospective buyers couldn’t get interior access to the home during visits. (The home, however, was known to have a room full of stuffed animals, due to her lifelong love of animals. It also has five bedrooms and 3,029 square feet of space.) The lot spans .72 acres, and looks to views of the Getty Museum and the nearby mountains. The grounds also have gardens and mature trees. White and her late husband, Allen Ludden, bought the spread in 1968. Its selling points: its proximity to various studios where she worked, as well as its privacy. The couple also owned a seaside home in Carmel, Calif. — they purchased the land for it in 1978 — which was reportedly her dream home after its construction. That property listed for $7.95 million in March and sold just weeks after hitting the market for a considerably higher $10.77 million following an apparent bidding war. Marlene Okulick Sotheby’s International Realty – Pacific Palisades Brokerage – had the listing for the Los Angeles property.