The Mets are on an unbelievable hot stretch right now. The National League squad from New York has won six straight games and is coming off a three-game series where it outscored the Washington Nationals, 28-5. The Mets now sit at a robust 35-17 record with a 10.5-game lead in their division, and it’s only June 2. The Mets will get a true test of their abilities as they begin a four-game set against the Los Angeles Dodgers in LA. Let’s look at some picks for this game, with odds courtesy of BetMGM. Over the course of their six-game winning streak, the Mets have scored at least five runs in each matchup. As a team, they have the best batting average and on-base percentage in all of baseball. In the last seven days, no team has scored more runs than the Mets. Tony Gonsolin is a tough matchup for New York, as the Dodgers pitcher has a 5-0 record with a 1.80 ERA on 0.93 WHIP. He’s dealing. That said, the Mets are stronger against righties than lefties by a considerable margin. As a team, their batting average is 27 points higher against righties, while their slugging percentage is 30 points higher. This offense is the hottest in baseball, and I’m going to keep riding it until I see anything that suggests otherwise. This spread is pretty juiced up at -135 odds, but I will once again reiterate just how hot this team is. Not only have they won six in a row, but the Mets are also 9-1 against the spread in their last 10 games. Taijuan Walker is taking the hill for New York, and he hasn’t allowed more than three runs in any of his last four starts, including two without allowing the other team to cross the plate. Walker will look to continue his success, getting deep into the game while the offense once again puts up numbers. The Dodgers haven’t been playing their best ball as of late – they’re coming off a three-game homestand against the Pittsburgh Pirates that saw them get swept. Los Angeles allowed the Pirates — who have the fourth-lowest team batting average this year — to score 19 runs in three games. I like the Mets to cover, and I wouldn’t hate putting some cash on the moneyline for them at +145 either.