Johnny Depp’s value is skyrocketing following his blockbuster defamation trial with ex-wife Amber Heard. The 59-year-old’s iconic prop hands from the 1990 Tim Burton classic “Edward Scissorhands” pulled in double their estimated monetary value after his high-profile court victory earlier this month. The scissor hands Depp wore as the film’s title character have sold for $81,250, almost twice the price memorabilia experts thought they would go for at auction, TMZ reported Wednesday. Propstore, an auction company that specializes in movie collectibles, previously announced that the sale that would begin June 21 and run until the end of this week. Other collectibles that are set to be up for auction in the near future include Depp’s motorcycle from the 1990 John Waters camp fest “Cry-Baby.” The 1955 Harley-Davidson Model K is going under the hammer by GWS Auctions, which set the opening bid at a cool $250,000. The recent auction also hyped Marvel’s “Thor” hammer, which sold for an eye-popping $162,500, as well as Tom Hank’s legendary Wilson ball from “Cast Away.” That hot commodity went for a startling $187,500. Meanwhile, Depp scored $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages from a jury against his ex-wife Amber Heard. Heard, 36, also could be cashing in after the trial. The “Aquaman” actress is rumored to be penning a revenge tell-all book soon — although those reports remain unconfirmed at this time. “Amber considers her career in Hollywood over. She’s already in talks and is excited about it,” a source told OK! magazine on Tuesday. “At this point, she has nothing to lose and wants to tell all.” However, more potential lawsuits could stem from the book, an expert revealed to the outlet. “Depp and his attorneys will be reading and listening to everything that Heard states,” author Dror Bikel, who specializes in family law, told OK! “If she crosses the line, which is likely, there is no question that will be hit with another defamation suit and end up right back in court.” The “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor also issued a warning yesterday, addressing that there have been imposters pretending to be him on social media. In a lengthy Instagram Story, Depp wrote, “I’ve been made aware that there are fake accounts pretending to be me or people working with me.” “I do not have any private or side accounts on any platforms. These are the only pages run by me and my team where we share updates and communicate,” he added. He went on, “I ask that you remain cautious as it seems these fake accounts can be relentless. My team is working to combat the problem. Thank you for your continued support and for making me aware of this issue! Love & respect, JD X.”