Baker Mayfield’s wife Emily reflected Wednesday on what she’s grateful for amid “a difficult season of growth.” In a lengthy message shared on her Instagram Stories, Emily expressed how thankful she is for each passing moment despite recent challenges encompassing Mayfield’s NFL future. “Endorphins were flowing earlier, coffee and smoothie are finished …. & now I’m sitting at our house in a moment of gratitude,” Emily began. “I’m a lucky girl. It’s been a weird, difficult season of growth; but I actually wouldn’t change it for the world. I’m learning a ton about myself, focusing on self-love, and diving deeper into why I am the way I am.” Emily, who will celebrate her third wedding anniversary with the estranged Browns quarterback next month, added how the couple has “put a massive emphasis” on their union and “strengthening it in ways” they haven’t before. “Life can be weird at times – but don’t forget to count your blessings and recognize all you have to be grateful for,” she continued. Emily’s message follows recent reports once again linking Mayfield to the Panthers, who originally engaged in trade talks for the former first-round pick back in April. The deal ultimately stalled due to the $18.8 million remaining on Mayfield’s contract, as Cleveland and Carolina had “not been able to come to terms on dividing up” the salary, according to Yahoo’s Charles Robinson. Earlier this week, however, CBS Sports’ Jonathan Jones reported that the Panthers are showing “urgency” to get a deal done so Mayfield can get some time in with the team at minicamp. According to Cleveland.com’s Mary Kay Cabot, should a trade materialize, it’s “very unlikely” the deal will involve a quarterback swap for ex-Jet and current Panther, Sam Darnold. Mayfield has continued to distance himself from the Browns since the organization traded for his replacement, former Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson, in March. Mayfield, 27, has since been excused from the team’s mandatory minicamp. Though Watson received a fully guaranteed five-year, $230 million contract with the Browns, his status for the 2022 season is unclear as the league continues its investigation into sexual misconduct claims made against him. The 26-year-old quarterback also faces a growing number of civil suits.