ANAHEIM, Calif. — Starling Marte was back Sunday night, giving the Mets their first “regular” lineup in four games. The veteran outfielder departed Tuesday’s game in San Diego with left quadriceps discomfort. On the same night, Pete Alonso was hit in the right hand by a pitch and forced to leave the game. Marte failed in attempts to talk his way back into the lineup Friday and Saturday, but Buck Showalter finally relented for the Mets’ 4-1 win in the series finale against the Angels. Alonso returned to the lineup two days earlier. Marte went 2-for-4 with an RBI and a run scored. “Marte is happier with me than he was [Saturday] and we’ll see,” Showalter said. “We could have pushed the envelope the last couple of days. We just would like to get a feel where he is before the off day, but he’s ready to go.” Jeff McNeil returned to second base, after playing the previous two games in right field. Chris Bassitt, David Peterson and Tylor Megill are lined up in succession to face the Brewers beginning Tuesday at Citi Field. Showalter had the option of waiting until the weekend to use the fifth starter, Peterson, but decided his starters would benefit from the extra day of rest following Monday’s day off. The lefty Peterson pitched 2 ²/₃ innings in relief behind Megill on Friday. Colin Holderman, who was placed on the injured list Saturday with a right shoulder impingement, will receive an MRI exam upon the team’s return to New York. After 11 days on the West Coast, Showalter isn’t expecting an easy transition, even with Monday’s day off. “The thing you worry about the most is the first couple of days back,” Showalter said. “It takes a couple of days to get the clock going again. We have been out here, what? A month? It’s a challenge, but every team faces it. It’s part of being in the big leagues.” Showalter is trying to gauge possible paternity leave departures, as Seth Lugo, McNeil and Peterson are all awaiting new arrivals. Lugo’s wife is closest to her due date, according to Showalter, about two weeks away.