At least eight people were shot across the Big Apple overnight into Monday, cops said – as the city braces for the onslaught of gun violence typically seen during the hot summer months. A 24-year-old man was blasted in the hip on Lafayette Avenue near Rosedale Avenue in Soundview in The Bronx around 11:20 a.m., cops said. The wounded man, who was the intended target, was taken to Jacobi Medical Center in stable condition, authorities said. Two males suspects took off on a motorized scooter, police said. Earlier in the morning, a 23-year-old man and 22-year-old woman were standing on Liberty Avenue near 127th Street in South Richmond Hill, Queens, around 3:15 a.m. when someone opened fire from a silver sedan, authorities said. The man was shot in the forearm and the woman in the leg, cops said. The victims, who know each other, were taken to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center in stable condition. The motive for the shooting was unclear, and police did not immediately know whether the victims were targeted. Meanwhile, a 25-year-old man was shot in the neck shortly before 1 a.m. when he met up with another man he met online to sell a PlayStation 5, cops said. The would-be buyer and a pal met the victim on 24th Street near 42nd Road in Long Island City, Queens. The duo then pulled a gun on PlayStation owner and tried to rob him of his cell phone before blasting him in the neck, police said. The victim was taken to Weill Cornell Medical Center, where he was listed in stable condition. Three more victims were shot around 11:40 p.m. inside Starlight Park at East 172nd Street Sheridan Boulevard in the Crotona Park East section of The Bronx, cops said. A large group was in the park when a red sedan rolled up alongside the entrance and someone inside opened fire, police said. A 22-year-old man was blasted in the right leg and a 34-year-old man grazed in the face. Both were taken by EMS to St. Barnabas Hospital, where they were listed in stable condition. Another victim, a 21-year-old man, was shot in the buttocks and taken by private means to Jacobi Medical Center, police said. His injuries were non-life-threatening. It’s unclear if the wounded trio were the intended targets, officials said. Just before 11 p.m. Sunday, a 27-year-old man was intentionally shot in the foot at Pleasant Avenue and East 120th Street in East Harlem, cops said. The suspect took off on a Citi Bike, and the victim went to Harlem Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The late Sunday incidents were the only shootings reported all day citywide, cops said. On that day last year, four people were shot in as many incidents. One homicide was reported Sunday – the death of Neraz Roberts, 29, who was hacked to death, allegedly by his machete-wielding uncle, Mahadeo Suhnandan, 50. On Saturday, five people were shot in three incidents – including one homicide, cops said. That number of gun victims is down from the same day last year, when 11 people were shot in as many incidents, cops said. On Friday, two people were shot in separate incidents – including one homicide, cops said. The same number of shootings were reported on that day last year. Friday also saw the deadly stabbing of Lanilda Nuez, 79, by her 68-year-old husband, Geraldo Balbuena in the Upper Manhattan home they shared despite their separation, cops said. Twenty-nine people were shot in 24 incidents citywide between June 6 and Sunday, according to the latest NYPD figures. Thirty-eight victims were shot in 35 incidents during that period in 2021. In total so far this year, 656 people have been shot in 559 incidents – down from 714 victims in 627 incidents during the same span last year, statistics show. Seven murders were reported last week – half of the 14 recorded during that period in 2021. A total of 185 murders have been reported so far this year, an 11.5 percent decrease from the 209 reported during same period last year. But all six of the other major crime categories saw increases last week and this year overall – with the most marked jumps in grand larcenies, car thefts and robberies. Forty-nine crimes were reported in the city’s transit system last week, more than a 122% jump from 22 during the same 7-day period in 2021. Year-to-date, transit crimes are up to 1,037 from 666 in the same time frame in 2021, the data shows. Additional reporting by Tina Moore