The Johnny Depp v. Amber Heard defamation trial served as a source of entertainment for millions of people around the world — and even catapulted a relatively unknown lawyer from San Francisco to the world stage. Camille Vasquez, 37, has now admitted that her newfound fame is a “bit overwhelming” for the lawyer. “But if I can be an inspiration to young women that want to go to law school and study and work hard, then it was all worth it,” she said Wednesday while appearing with beside fellow Depp attorney Benjamin Chew on “Good Morning America.” The winning duo also stopped by the “TODAY Show” Wednesday, and Vasquez gave a nearly identical statement on the public’s fascination. “It’s been overwhelming and surreal,” Vasquez repeated. She did not react to host Savannah Guthrie’s mention of the “weird” woman that tattooed herself with Vasquez’s silhouette. However, Vasquez’s hard work did pay off at her current place of employment the high-profile law firm Brown Rudnick, where she was promoted from an associate to a partner. Before her promotion, a woman partner at a high-profile law firm in Los Angeles just a few years older than Vasquez said she was “very surprised to see she was an associate,” considering what she handled at the Depp trial. “Most of the time associates aren’t given the type of roles she was given — doing the cross and closings, that’s pretty unprecedented,” the source told The Post. On Sunday, sources told The Post that Vasquez has received a flood of job offers from top Hollywood law firms since leading Depp to victory. “Talent agents are circling Camille because they recognize that she is the unicorn — a smart, savvy, poised attorney whose impactful performance during the trial propelled her to a rare level of visibility,” a source said. “And the fact that she is a woman of color is an added bonus.” Since the trial wrapped last week, Vasquez has already received offers from several traditional TV networks and cable channels, sources told The Post. “Camille is inarguably a great voice to weigh in on legal matters and networks are naturally chomping at the bit to speak with her about on-air opportunities,” a former network executive familiar with the offers said. Social media, especially TikTok, is at the core of Vasquez’s rising popularity. Fans quickly wondered if she and Depp had a romantic relationship outside of court, and compilations of the two hugging and interacting during the trial racked up millions of views. Vasquez has, however, been dating England-based WeWork executive, Edward Owen, 38, since November, according to Daily Mail. The two were greeted like A-List actors themselves as interviewers and photographers rushed them as they left the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Virginia after the trial and headed to the airport. Fans were waiting outside for Vasquez and her man, who took selfies with onlookers. Reporters tried to even get in a question or two, but the lawyer just moved on to her next destination as she got into a car.