There were a lot of firsts for the Colorado Avalanche in Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final. It was the first time Colorado closed as the betting underdog for a game during their playoff run. It was their first road loss of the postseason. It was also the first time they were truly humbled in a contest this spring. All of this is pretty surprising considering how dominant Colorado looked in Games 1 and 2 of its best-of-7 series with the Tampa Bay Lightning, but when you take a step back and look at the bigger picture, losing one game to the two-time defending Stanley Cup Champions is not a cause for panic — no matter how the contest played out. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: COL -1.5 (+210) vs. TB +1.5 (-275) Moneyline: COL (-105) vs. TB (-115) Total: Over 6 (+105) | Under 6 (-125) So while it’s tempting to fall into the trap of thinking that the Lightning have figured out the Avalanche based on their terrific performance on Monday night, it’s best to once again take a deep breath and look at the bigger picture: Colorado is 14-3 overall this postseason and has lost just once in its last eight games. And that loss came on the road against the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who were in a must-win spot. Every team — no matter how good — is going to have an iffy game over the course of a postseason run, so it’s not worth overreacting to Colorado’s performance on Monday night. What is worth some consideration, however, is the goaltending situation. While neither Darcy Kuemper nor Andrei Vasilevskiy have set the world on fire in this series, Vasilevskiy’s performance in Game 3 does suggest he’s starting to trend back into form. We saw a similar pattern out of Vasilevskiy in Rounds 1 and 3, where he started the series slow and then got better as we got into the business end of the best-of-7. On the other hand, Kuemper has not only struggled in the Stanley Cup Final, but he’s quietly been poor for the entire postseason. Playing behind Colorado’s prolific offense means that Kuemper only needs to provide average goaltending for his team to succeed, and he’s failed to even meet that benchmark. Kuemper’s pedestrian play hasn’t really bit the Avs yet, but he’ll need to improve on his .892 save percentage and -5.4 Goals Saved Above Expected for Colorado to keep the Bolts at bay. With Kuemper struggling a bit, it does make sense for Colorado to err on the side of caution on the road in Game 4. The Avs are most comfortable playing a North-South style of hockey and betting on themselves to come out ahead, but they’ve also proven this postseason that they have no problem playing in tighter contests. A more predictable, safer gameplan should give Kuemper a better opportunity to get his bearings and find his rhythm. That is priority No. 1 for Colorado, because another dud from Kuemper and all of a sudden Jared Bednar will have a real decision to make in the blue paint. Similarly, it’s fair to expect Tampa Bay to try and slow this game down as well. The Bolts did come out on top, 6-2, in a thriller on Monday night, but they’re at their best when games turn into chess matches. And with vintage Vasilevskiy starting to shine through, the Lightning will know that they won’t need to light up the scoreboard to win a tight one. Even though all three games of this series have gone over the total, there are signals that point to this being a pretty rigid contest. Under 6 goals (-125) BetMGM