Sage Steele was brought to tears on “SportsCenter” on Wednesday while explaining how her life “flashed before [her] eyes” after Jon Rahm’s golf ball hit her in the face at last month’s PGA Championship. Steele, who returned to the ESPN show after three weeks in recovery, said surgery and “lots of makeup” have covered her injuries, which included a missing tooth. “It is amazing how quickly life can change right. One minute you’re out on a course, just innocently watching amazing golfers play and the next moment you’re on the ground in pain with your entire life flashing before your eyes, scared to death trying to comprehend what the hell just happened,” said Steele, who became emotional while thanking her “SportsCenter” co-host Matt Barrie for sticking by her side throughout the ordeal, which she said was “arguably the lowest point” in her life. “Once I went to the ground I didn’t know what happened I was so scared,” she said. “I need people to know this. I’m on the ground, a mess, as you saw, and I just looked at Matt and I said, ‘Please don’t leave me.’ I grabbed your ankle with my bloody hand and said, ‘Please don’t leave me.'” Steele said Barrie helped to get her on a stretcher and later visited her at the hospital, where she joked the pair took “really disgusting pictures,” as she laid in bed with a bloody mouth. Steele added that Barrie “shooed off” TV cameras from capturing the gruesome incident. “You can speak to it Matt,” Steele said, thanking her friends, family and supporters for sending well wishes. “I feel like the luckiest person in the world to still be here and still standing here after that with was three weeks ago tomorrow. “I need like to thank my dentist, who’s now my best friend in the world, Matt Keefe at Canton Valley Dental [in Connecticut] … We have a long way to go. A lot of stuff still has to be done. The second I got off that plane, he was there and I wouldn’t be there without him for sure.” Barrie said Steele took the hit “like a champ.” “By the way you’re stuck with me for life, no matter what happens where we all end up professionally, personally, you’re here with me for life,” Steele said. Steele is still in the midst of her lawsuit against ESPN and parent company Disney over the circumstances surrounding her allegedly being sidelined from “SportsCenter” late last year. In the lawsuit, Steele alleges she was retaliated against over comments she made about the company’s vaccine mandate on Jay Cutler’s podcast last September and that the company violated both her contract and her right to free speech. Steele has remained on-air for ESPN since the lawsuit was made public in April.