It’s the end of his deed as he knew it. Mike Mills, the 63-year-old bassist for Georgia-born rock group R.E.M., has put his Los Angeles pad on the market for $6.5 million. “One of two properties with direct views to the Hollywood Bowl,” boasts the listing for the 3,952-square-foot property, which looks directly into the live music venue. It is also impressively close to the iconic Hollywood sign, Griffith Observatory and SoFi Stadium. The secluded four-bedroom, four-bathroom single-family home is located within the gated Outpost Estates celebrity haven, set into the lush hillside and “surrounding rock and trails that lead you to three separate viewing decks, all with different vantages of the Hollywood Bowl and surrounding areas.” The house also includes its own private observation deck, as well as a pool. Inside, the property opens into a living room outfitted with a 400-gallon aquarium, stone fireplace, built-in bookshelves and sliding glass doors looking out onto the cityscape. The rest of the ground level is composed of a kitchen complete with a pizza oven and breakfast nook, one of the bedrooms and a red-tiled half-bath. On the second floor is the primary suite, featuring a balcony with “the best views on the property,” according to the listing, and an en suite bath decorated with custom tile manufactured in Israel and meant to be reminiscent of Van Gogh’s “Starry Night.” The second floor also contains a laundry room, a second bedroom with en suite bath, and two other bedrooms. According to the listing — which is held by Steven Bruns of Engel & Völkers Calabasas — the property was originally built in 1959 but has been “upgraded with incredible care” over the years. Mills, one of the founding members of R.E.M., was born in California before moving to Georgia as an infant, where he met his eventual bandmates. After forming in 1980, the beloved alternative rock outfit brought the world hits including “Losing My Religion” and “Shiny Happy People” before breaking up in 2011. In a 2003 interview with The Post, he noted the significance of porches. “Porches are important; that’s where you sit at night with friends. During the day, the house heats up, so in the early evening, you sit out on the porch while it cools off inside,” he explained at the time.