Amber Heard didn’t just attack ex-husband Johnny Depp in her first interview about her humiliating courtroom loss — she also took direct aim at his now-celebrity attorney Camille Vasquez. Speaking to NBC News for a one-hour “Dateline” special, Heard, 36, showed clear disdain when Savannah Guthrie asked about Vasquez’s repeated argument that the actress gave “the performance of her life” and was merely acting in her explosive courtroom testimony. “Says the lawyer for the man who convinced the world he had scissors for fingers,” Heard shot back, her voice dripping with sarcasm while referring to Depp’s performance in the 1990 fantasy “Edward Scissorhands.” “I’m the performer? I had listened to weeks of testimony insinuating that — or saying quite directly — that I’m a terrible actress. “So I’m a bit confused how I could be both,” she snapped in a teaser of the interview released Tuesday. Heard only mustered backhanded praise when Guthrie bluntly asked her if she thought she lost because her ex-husband “just had better lawyers” than she. “I will say his lawyers did certainly a better job of distracting the jury from the real issues,” the actress replied, without ever directly naming Vasquez or her colleague, Benjamin Chew. Vasquez’s winning performance during the explosive six-week trial made her an unexpected star as well as a newly promoted partner in her firm. She had both opened and closed her case by suggesting that the actress would merely be performing on the stand. “She has been living and breathing this lie for years now, and she has been preparing to give the performance of her life in this trial,” Vasquez said during opening statements in April. Then in closing arguments late last month, she told the court, “She came into this courtroom prepared to give the performance of her life, and she gave it.” Heard instead blamed her loss on social media coverage as well as “really important pieces of evidence” being blocked from the trial. Her comments came on the second day of footage from her “wide-ranging sitdown” with NBC being released ahead of the special airing at 8 p.m. ET Friday. In her own interviews last week, Vasquez derided such excuses, insisting that Heard lost simply by lawyers “using her words against her.” “The key to victory was focusing on the facts and the evidence, and Johnny’s opportunity to speak the truth for the first time,” she told “Good Morning America.” “Every question that was asked was tied to something she had said previously. “And I think the jury got to see, the world got to see and hear from Miss Heard” about the truth in the couple’s toxic relationship. “We believe that evidence speaks for itself. … The jury made a unanimous decision based on those facts,” she said.