She just needed to get it off her chest. Boudicca Langer-Hann, 40, felt “trapped” in her body — with the size of her 34G-cup breasts weighing her down. However, the mother of two is now sharing her story about the “life-changing” reduction surgery that shrunk her to a 30C bra size. As a young teen, Langer-Hann realized her breasts were bigger than those of her friends, feeling as if they didn’t fit her despite the mainstream beauty standard that declared larger chests are “sexy.” “I felt trapped in my own body, as I never thought they suited me,” Langer-Hann, from Dorset, England, told NeedToKnow.Online. “I was usually called ‘boobs’ quite a lot, even by close friends and that always made me feel hurt.” While she loved being active and always dreamed of becoming a dancer or model — at first being a “little pixie girl” until she bloomed late — her large chest caused her to lose confidence and become “disappointed” in herself. “I wanted to be a gymnast — but my body didn’t want that for me,” Langer-Hann said, adding that she even convinced herself she “was really fat.” Her mental health declined as she grew and received even more unwanted comments about her body and looks. “I received a lot of sexual attention, as if I wanted it, and it seemed like people assumed I’d be ‘up for it’ being so ‘sexy’ [due to my breasts],” she said. “I still find it astounding how anyone thinks there is any place to comment on someone’s body.” Especially after having children, she said, her clothes grew bigger and bigger. “I was a mess, depressed and felt like I couldn’t do anything about it,” she admitted. “I felt that no one should love me, I could not love myself.” At 33, she decided to enhance her life — with a reduction. But the doctor at the consultation told her to wait in case she wanted more kids. While she reluctantly agreed, after her second child, she was eager to schedule her reduction after years of suffering. “I decided this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I should go for it,” Langer-Hann said of her 2021 procedure. “Although I was a little afraid, I wanted to be who I wanted to be.” Ringing in at £6,849 ($8,402), the surgery shrank her breasts significantly. She claimed just one breast alone weighed 450 grams — nearly one pound. “Mr. Sawyer, my surgeon, let me decide if I wanted to go for a D or C [cup size], and on the day of my operation, I opted for a C,” Langer-Hann said of her now 30C cup size. While the surgery was everything she wanted, it didn’t go as smoothly as she had hoped. “I was spaced out and not with it for a while,” she said. “I felt mashed, as I didn’t react well to the morphine.” Right after the surgery, she recalled, Langer-Hann was “upset and anxious,” especially when she looked down and was “all cut up.” “It’s very difficult to imagine that you will heal,” she said. But the trade-off was well worth it: Now, Langer-Hann even runs four times a week. “I am more active with my children, I have more confidence, and I even jump up in the mornings,” she said. “I love being active, as it really suits me and makes me happy — I smile so much more, and I’m never going to get over it.” “I wish I had done it sooner,” Langer-Hann admitted, although she noted it’s a common sentiment by women with reductions. “One of my best moments post-op, was buttoning up a jacket all the way to the top – sensational.” In addition to her newfound confidence and rediscovered love for exercise, she’s jumped on Instagram to share her life-changing journey. “I was looking for answers on the internet and found a lot of comfort in the posts on Instagram from other women,” Langer-Hann said. “I felt I should account [my journey], too,and I’m so pleased that I did.” On her page, she answers questions for women considering reductions or who are preparing for the procedure. Langer-Hann advises people to get multiple consultations and do their research on different surgeons, since they’re “spending a heap of money” on a new chest. “It’s normal to be afraid, as it is such a big deal and a really emotional one, too,” she said. “But ultimately it is so worth it — so please push through the fear, and shortly after, you will be living your new and improved life.”