A Stanford law professor has been blasted for writing “offensive and disparaging” tweets about Johnny Depp’s lawyer, Camille Vasquez. Michele Dauber took to Twitter last Thursday, sharing a screenshot of Vasquez and accusing the superstar attorney of “sucking up to male power.” “Of all the women who suck up to male power, women lawyers are the absolute worst of the bunch,” Dauber wrote. “Desperate to prove they are ‘real lawyers’ and understanding that being a woman undermines their identity as lawyers, they throw women under the bus as hard and fast as they can.” The Post has reached out to Dauber and the Stanford Law School for comment. During Johnny Depp’s blockbuster defamation trial against ex-wife Amber Heard, Vasquez became a household name. Footage of the glamorous lawyer grilling Heard on the stand — calling her a liar and voraciously defending Depp against claims of abuse — went viral on social media. Vasquez was widely praised for her cross-examination of Heard and was even promoted to partner at her law firm last week following Depp’s decisive victory in the case. However, Dauber — who teaches at the prestigious Stanford Law School — clearly found Vasquez’s performance persuasive, tweeting out her scathing criticism last Thursday. The professor was promptly criticized for her harsh words about Vasquez, with one follower replying: “If your son was falsely accused of domestic violence, I bet you would love for that woman to help vindicate him.” Dauber subsequently snapped back: “If my son was accused of DV [domestic violence] he would have a lot more to worry about than some Pick Me Girl lawyer. But that isn’t going to happen because I didn’t raise a f–king rapist wife beater.” Dauber also shared several other screenshots showing female lawyers pictured with male celebrities who have been accused of abuse, including Harvey Weinstein’s defense attorney, Donna Rotunno. Many people objected to Dauber’s inflammatory tweets, with several mocking the Stanford academic, saying she seemed self-important. “Obviously women need to get approval from Michele before they decide who to represent. Michele is the person who gets to decide all the choices for all other women, apparently,” one quipped. “I’m sorry, Michele, I thought we understood that everyone is entitled to quality counsel in matters of the law. Unless you believe women can’t provide quality counsel. Maybe that’s what you’re complaining about?” another wisecracked. Meanwhile, a British lawyer told the Daily Mail that Dauber’s tweets regarding Vasquez could actually be defamatory — ironic as Vasquez just helped Depp win his defamation case. However, Dauber is doubling down on her tweets, which are still up on her Twitter page as of Thursday afternoon. The professor has repeatedly tweeted out the hashtag “#IStandWithAmberHeard” multiple times and says she’s received death threats after criticizing Vasquez on social media. Dauber tweeted her disdain for Depp over the course of his six-week defamation trial, even hitting headlines for claiming Depp’s famous film franchise “Pirates of the Caribbean” was racist. Meanwhile, Vasquez hasn’t responded to Dauber’s remarks. The legal eagle is likely to be too busy grappling with her new celebrity status. Vasquez — who put on an affectionate display with Depp in the courtroom, which prompted some to fantasize they would start dating — says her newfound fame is “overwhelming.” Meanwhile, it was revealed Thursday that the telegenic attorney will appear in an upcoming docuseries about the Depp v. Heard case, cementing her star status.