Miguel Andujar and his latest trade request have the support of at least one former teammate who recently got shipped out of The Bronx himself. Twins catcher Gary Sanchez, the former Yankee who will face his old team beginning Tuesday in Minnesota, went to bat for Andujar after the left fielder asked to be dealt following his Friday night demotion to Triple-A. “My opinion, it’s time for them or any other team to give him an opportunity,” Sanchez told reporters through an interpreter, per the Star Tribune. “He deserves to play in the big leagues. He’s done a good job, offensively, but also defensively. He’s come a long way defensively, and he’s shown that he’s capable of staying in the big leagues. Maybe he deserves an opportunity on another team.” After Andujar provided a solid stretch of play as an injury replacement over the last two weeks, he was optioned back to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre as the Yankees lineup got back to full strength. Andujar has been asking to be traded since the end of last year, without a regular spot on the Yankees’ roster, but reiterated that request after Friday night’s game upon getting the news of his latest demotion. Sanchez, who was close with Andujar during their time together in the Yankees organization, understood that line of thinking. “If I was in his shoes, I’d probably be thinking about the same thing, asking for a trade, for a different scenario,” Sanchez said. “Because it’s really difficult when you’re ready, and when you have shown that you’re ready at this level, to be sent down to Triple-A and play Triple-A when you deserve to be in the big leagues. “… But at the same time, none of us makes those decisions. We are just here to do our job. Front offices decide that. But I support him and hopefully everything works out.” In 12 games with the Yankees this season, Andujar was batting .268 with a .596 OPS while showing defensive strides in left field. Still, he has been unable to produce consistently after being the runner-up for AL Rookie of the Year in 2018. Andujar underwent shoulder surgery the next season — and was supplanted at third base by Gio Urshela, who was dealt to the Twins with Sanchez this spring — and has mostly shuttled between the Yankees and Triple-A since then.