One in 10 people can find Prince Harry in this picture in less than three minutes. The Duke of Sussex is hiding somewhere in the Royal Ascot illustration – but can you spot him? The racing extravaganza is one the highlights in the sporting calendar and attracts guests from around the world. Thousands descended on the racecourse for day one of the event yesterday – including several members of the Royal Family. While not there himself, Harry is lurking somewhere in the crowd in this drawing by Racing Post. And to make things more difficult, he’s not with his wife Meghan Markle. Perhaps the 36-year-old, who famously liked to party in his younger days, is on the hunt for the bar to order a £7 ($8.50) pint. Or maybe he’s trying to have a quick word with his grandma, who is watching the action unfold from the Royal Box. The duke could even be loitering around the piano where Elton John is bashing out a tune, or elsewhere sharing gossip with Oprah Winfrey. Wherever he is, if you find the royal in less than three minutes, you’re in the top 10 percent of the population – can you join that exclusive club? Punters wearing their best summer dresses and smartest suits are flocking to Royal Ascot in Berkshire in their thousands this week. Many are hoping the horse-mad monarch will make an appearance at some point, but she was noticeably missing from yesterday’s carriage procession. It is not known exactly why Her Majesty, a passionate racehorse owner and breeder, declined the invitation, but she has been battling mobility issues for several months. The 96-year-old likely watched the action unfold at home in her “comfy clothes” as she did for the Epsom Derby during the Platinum Jubilee, according to her granddaughter Zara Tindall. Immaculately dressed in grey and blue, Prince Charles and Camilla kicked things off in style in her place. Harry and Meghan were both also missing from the event after returning to California. The couple made a flying visit to the UK for the Queen‘s Jubilee weekend – and their daughter Lilibet’s first birthday – but jetted off back to the States before the celebrations had ended. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.