Learn to speak without saying a word and connect with a brand new community by mastering American Sign Language. The success of the film, “Coda” earlier this year shed a bright light on the deaf community, and renewed an interest in picking up this important language. If you’ve ever thought about mastering the basics of ASL, consider this your sign to finally check it off your bucket list. The Complete ASL: First 500+ Basic Signs of American Sign Language online course gives you the perfect introduction to this language while you learn ASL from the comfort of your own home. And right now, this helpful instruction is available for just $19 for a limited time. This online course lets you learn on your own time, making it perfect for even the busiest schedules. It’s conveniently broken down into 14 useful categories, so you can learn, practice, review, and master them at your convenience. And all are taught by Able Lingo, a 4.8 star-rated instructor created by Michael Honaken, a former police officer and federal investigator who is TESOL and TEFL-certified and effectively utilized ASL in the field to communicate with victims, witnesses, and perpetrators. Starter signs, family signs, emotion signs, color signs, personality signs, question signs, place signs, and occupation signs are just a few of the helpful categories you can choose from. Each category teaches you the signs in groups of ten, and each vocabulary sign is taught individually in its own video lesson where you learn the hand shape, hand position, and hand motion for each sign. After your lesson, there’s a two-part review that includes signing and understanding. And once you’ve learned all the signs in a specific category, you’ll take a test that covers it all and lets you show off your new skills. By the time you’re done with this 4.9-star-rated course, you’ll be able to understand “yes” and “no” questions in ASL and be more confident signing and understanding other signers in the deaf community. Pick up ASL in a convenient, manageable way with this top-rated online course. Get The Complete ASL: First 500+ Basic Signs of American Sign Language now for just $19. Prices subject to change.