The Yankees rotation has basically stopped allowing runs. Which is, you know, a pretty good way to consistently win. And winning is what the Yankees are doing. The starters have given up two runs in what currently is a 5-0 homestand after a 3-0 victory Saturday over the Tigers. That improved the Yankees to 38-15 overall, which tied the 2016 Cubs and 2020 Dodgers (both World Series champions) for the best 53-game opening in two decades. What has been most valuable to the Yankees’ brilliance? A rotation that now has a 2.54 ERA? Aaron Judge’s power? The emergence of Michael King and Clay Holmes as arguably the AL’s two best relievers? They all coalesced Saturday, when Luis Severino allowed one hit and no runs in seven innings; Judge launched the first pitch of the bottom of the first for his MLB-high 21st homer; and King and Holmes combined to go six up, six down. “That’s the sign of a dominant team is that every day your starting pitcher gives you a chance,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “And with this offense, the way they can swing it, it’s hard to deal with.” The starting pitching has been akin to a lock-down playoff goalie. No game gets away, they are all winnable. And the rotation has been nearly flawless. In the previous two games, Jameson Taillon and Gerrit Cole became the first teammates in the expansion era (since 1961) to author at least six perfect innings in consecutive contests. Severino joked that maybe he would be traded if he didn’t keep up. He nearly did. Severino yielded a 109.6 mph liner by Miguel Cabrera leading off the second that Isiah Kiner-Falefa nearly caught and that also nearly decapitated him. The only other Detroit batter to reach base safely was Derek Hill, who walked with one out in the third. Severino lowered his ERA to 2.95 while continuing to raise expectations. Severino nearly won the Cy Young Award in both 2017 and 2018 with the ferocity of his stuff, then hardly pitched the last three seasons. This version of Severino version has retained his menacing fastball and added craft — in Hinch’s words, the righty was “dominant then, but now he has a better approach with this stuff coming fully back and it’s pretty electrifying.” Severino’s full array was working and he had 20 swings and misses, but his slider was the key. He could expand it out of the zone to whiff the swing-at-anything Javier Baez both times he faced him or throw it back to back on 3-1 and 3-2 in the zone to fan Hill. “He understands his arsenal better and he’s continuing to evolve it,” pitching coach Matt Blake said. Severino was the last of the Yankees’ five starters to reach 10 starts. Game 54 — the one-third mark of the season — will be Sunday. The Yankees are on pace to be the first team since 2012 to have five pitchers make 30 starts and the first Yankees club to do so since their 2009 champions. Blake said it is “an organizational conversation” to navigate between use and overuse — especially for guys such as Severino and Nestor Cortes, who have lacked big recent workloads. But it is hard to back away from a strength: Jordan Montgomery will close the series against the Tigers on Sunday, and his 3.04 ERA is the worst of the five starters. In April, after a shortened spring, the Yankees’ deep pen protected the rotation as they built up their arms. Now, with Aroldis Chapman, Chad Green and Jonathan Loaisiga injured, the rotation is returning the favor. The Yankees have nine straight starts of at least six innings, their longest stretch since 2016. In seven of those games, the starter pitched at least seven innings and surrendered one or no runs — and each of the five starters has at least one of them. Yankees starters have permitted 10 runs in their last 11 games. “I do think they are really good because performance matters,” Hinch said. “It doesn’t matter what your name on the back of your jersey is, it is what you are doing and they are doing what elite teams do. They are having starters shorten games. They are making an already good bullpen better by not overworking it. And they are giving their offense games to win. It’s a tough recipe to be against.” There is no single reason for the rotation’s success — though talent and health are, of course, cornerstones. But the group decision to lessen reliance on fastballs up, where there are strikeouts but also long balls, has resonated. Opponents are being forced to generate power on pitches down in the zone with a deader ball — and the Yankees are plus-41 in homers this year. Removing the drama, trauma and bad defense of Gary Sanchez has helped. Kyle Higashioka and Jose Trevino are central to the game-planning beforehand and are superb pitch framers, game callers and pitcher whispers. And the universal acceptance of PitchCom has led to less confusion, greater clarity (especially in the various ways to deal with a running game) and better pace. “It’s put one foot in front of the other every day and you hope that it keeps rolling for us,” Blake said. The starters are on quite a run — while hardly giving up any.