Former President Donald Trump celebrated the Supreme Court’s decision Friday to rescind federal abortion rights, saying in a statement that “I delivered everything as promised.” The court’s decision in Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization overturned its 1973 ruling in Roe v. Wade and returned abortion policy to states, many of which are poised to severely restrict the procedure. “Today’s decision, which is the biggest WIN for LIFE in a generation, along with other decisions that have been announced recently, were only made possible because I delivered everything as promised, including nominating and getting three highly respected and strong Constitutionalists confirmed to the United States Supreme Court,” Trump said in a statement. “It was my great honor to do so! I did not cave to the Radical Left Democrats, their partners in the Fake News Media, or the RINOs who are likewise the true, but silent, enemy of the people,” he added. “These major Victories prove that even though the Radical Left is doing everything in their power to destroy our Country, your Rights are being protected, the Country is being defended, and there is still hope and time to Save America!” Trump, who is teasing a possible 2024 rematch against President Biden, also celebrated the ruling in an interview with Foxnews.com. “I think, in the end, this is something that will work out for everybody,” Trump said. “This brings everything back to the states where it has always belonged.” Trump told Fox when asked about his own role in bringing about the ruling that “God made the decision.” Trump nominated three of the five justices who voted to overturn Roe. A sixth, Chief Justice John Roberts, issued a concurring decision saying that he would have upheld Mississippi’s 15-week abortion ban without overturning Roe. The court’s three justices nominated by Democratic presidents dissented. Biden also credited Trump’s judicial nominees in a bitter address to the nation from the White House after the ruling came down. “It was three justices named by one president, Donald Trump, who are the core of today’s decision to upend the scales of justice and eliminate a fundamental right for women in this country,” the president said. The Democratic National Committee on Friday slammed Trump for celebrating the ruling, with spokesperson Adonna Biel saying: “With Donald Trump at the helm, MAGA Republicans are championing extreme anti-choice policies and demonstrating how much is at stake in November.” Trump’s own views on abortion have evolved over time. In 1999, he declared himself “very pro-choice” as he toyed with running for president as a Reform Party candidate. In 2011, he said that he opposed abortion. Get The Post’s latest updates following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.  “I changed my view a number of years ago,” Trump said at the time. “A friend of mine, his wife was pregnant, in this case married. She was pregnant, and … he didn’t really want the baby. And he was telling me the story. He’s crying as he’s telling me. They ended up for some reason, amazingly, through luck because they didn’t have the right timing, he ends up having the baby, and the baby is the apple of his eye. He said it’s the greatest thing that’s ever happened to him.” Biden’s views on abortion have also changed over the years. As a senator, Biden voted in 1982 for a proposed constitutional amendment that would have returned abortion policy to states. At the time, Biden cited his Catholic upbringing. But on Friday, he said the ruling in Dobbs “casts a dark shadow over large swaths of the land” and called for voters to elect Democrats in the fall to restore abortion rights.