A burgeoning beauty influencer was shocked and has issued an online warning for anyone using face wash containing microbeads — after a horrific discovery mid-facial. “Guys, this is wild: So, I just went and got my facial — I’m feeling sleek,” Emma Kingsley revealed in a now-viral TikTok video, which has over 1.8 million views as of Wednesday. However, Kingsley claimed she was shocked when her esthetician found tiny red and orange beads embedded in her skin during her facial treatment. “She asked me, mid-facial, ‘What kind of face wash are you using?’ And I was like, ‘Well, I ran out of my normal stuff, so I’ve been using Neutrogena — the grapefruit stuff.'” Kingsley claimed her facialist asked, “Are there orange or red beads in it?” She followed up with, “Yeah, there is.” That’s when the ticked-off TikToker goes in: “BEADS. Neutrogena beads have been stuck in my face. She pulled out multiple Neutrogena beads. If you are using Neutrogena Grapefruit scrub — stop, STOP.” She said her esthetician explained that when Kingsley washed her face with warm water, it had opened the pores on her face, which she then proceeded to treat with the product. “Each time I would wash my face, I would open up my pores and I would scrub scrub scrub, and then a little bead is going in there,” she claimed. “And then I finished washing my face with like cold water because that’s good for inflammation. So the pores closed, the beads never come out, and they’re stuck in my face.” In 2015, Congress amended the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, passing the Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015, which prohibits the manufacturing, packaging and distribution of rinse-off cosmetics containing plastic microbeads. On the brand’s website, the Neutrogena Grapefruit Scrub listing says it does not contain plastic microbeads and “features gentle exfoliators that smooth away roughness without over-drying or irritating acne-prone skin.” Neutrogena’s products typically contain microcrystalline/cellulose beads, which are biodegradable. The Post has reached out to Johnson & Johnson, the parent company behind the brand, for comment. Kingsley told BuzzFeed, “I actually thought the face wash was working nicely. My skin was looking just fine, and I didn’t have any irritation. I have sensitive skin, too, but I had no idea the product was damaging me.” In her viral clip, the content creator admitted to being “so freaked out,” but added that she’s “so thankful for my esthetician.” Meanwhile, her TikTok viewers were horrified to think they could have tiny beads stuck in their skin. “I used the beads in my early 20s thinking it would exfoliate,” one TikToker commented. “But I got the worst acne after and even got a bead stuck in my tear duct, no thnx!” “I literally this last month put two and two together and thought my beaded face wash was messing up my face! This confirms it,” wrote another.