Attention everyone. 4th of July is this weekend, and soon enough, the sky will be lit up with red, white and blue sparkles. You may have heard the recent rumor. You know, the one where all of the major retailers are slashing prices on coveted laptops, TVs and more. And guess what? It’s true! Retailers everywhere are brining down the house with their yearly Fourth of July savings events. But what type of sales are we most excited for, you ask? None other than Fourth of July appliance sales. Retailers such as The Home Depot, Best Buy, Target, Walmart and more are offering savings on washer and dryer bundles, stainless steel refrigerators, kitchen appliances, vacuums and more. We know there can be a lot of appliance sales to sort through on the internet, so we consolidated all of the best appliance sales going on right now. Keep reading to shop the best of the best or click on an option below to navigate directly to your desired store and sale. The Home Depot is offering deals such as 25% off discounts, $750 off select appliances, and more. Shop our picks below, or shop each deal here. Never run out of space with this Samsung fridge. It’s able to fit 10% more groceries than its previous model, offers clean lines, gives off a modern kitchen feel and is fingerprint resistant. Available for purchase in an array of various finishes, this front control dishwasher will leave your dishes and silverware sparkly clean. It’s sold exclusively at The Home Depot, comes loaded with QuadWash power and features Dynamic Dry technology for faster, better drying. Never touch a standard vacuum again with the help of this iRobot Roomba vacuum cleaner. Simply pair it to the app on your phone, map out your space and hit start. Soon enough, you will have clean floors and carpet without having to do any of the work yourself. Wash the stains away with this super speed washer that tackles a full load in just 28 minutes. Best of all, you can get a full washer and dryer set for 30% off during The Home Depot 4th of July Washer and Dryer Set Sale. Made in various colors and finishes, this refrigerator is compact in size, separates the top freezer from the bottom section and is ideal for smaller spaces. Cook smarter, not harder. With the help of this Samsung Electric Oven, that will be the case, as it features an elevated design and uses smart technology to make cooking that much more simpler. You can also upgrade your entire kitchen with the full Samsung Stainless Steel Package. It’s currently $201 off and can be purchase here. Best Buy is bringing down their prices across the board. For a limited time, save on washers, microwaves and more and score an extra 10% off Samsung appliance packages. You can also land a free $100 gift card with qualifying appliance package totaling $1,499 or more, while new and existing Totaltech members receive an extra $150 gift card. Ready to wash two separate loads at the same time? With AI power and recommended wash cycles, you’ll be on your way to fresh washes in just 28 minutes. Plus, don’t forget to save an extra $200 on select Samsung washer and dryer pairs. Let’s get cooking with this professional-level 30″ gas cooktop. You will gain access to LG’s SuperBoil burner and faster heating times. You can also save $200 on various other LG cooktop and wall oven packages, too. Customize your wash cycles with this Whirlpool washing set. With a removable agitator, you can give bulky items some extra space, while a machine faucet removes loose soils. Along with this washing set, you can also save $100 or $150 on select Whirlpool and Maytag laundry pairs and save an extra 10% on a select 3-piece Whirlpool appliance packages. Featuring fingerprint-resistant material, this large microwave gives your kitchen a timeless look. Additionally, the side controls are simple to use and can be easily learned. Finally, a lightweight yet powerful vacuum stick is here. Incorporating a maneuverable design, this Samsung vacuum offers up to 60 minutes of charged runtime and includes a digital display featuring four cleaning modes. You can also empty the dustbin with a press of a button. It’s time to get excited, Target shoppers. The red and white brand is offering deals across all sorts of appliances in celebration of the special holiday. Best of all, military personal, veterans and their families can score 10% off on two storewide purchases using the Circle app. Mix until your heart’s content with this KitchenAid Professional Stand Mixer. We are obsessed with the minty green color and are even more impressed with this powerful machine’s capabilities. Smoothie bowls are all the rage, and for good reason. Now, you can ditch the over-priced smoothie bowls from the corner shop and make your very own in the comfort of your home. This Ninja set comes with everything you need to make it happen. There’s nothing like a fresh cup of coffee when the sun hits your face. Better yet, there’s nothing like a steaming glass of iced espresso — and the Nespresso Verto Next will take it to new heights. So, go ahead and make a hot or cold espresso with this all-encompassing kit. Oh, Dyson, how we love you. Featuring strong suction, quick cleaning abilities and a lightweight build, you’re guaranteed to fall in love with this powerful tool. It can even convert into a handheld device for cleaning cars, staircases and upholstery. Sure, you can fry up your food the old fashioner way, or you can get with the time and use this PowerXL Vortex Air Fryer. Offering a healthier version of delicious foods and seamless controls, you’ll be on your way to say “mmm” with each bite. Ready to save on stick vacuums, slow cookers and more? Lucky you, because Walmart is offering Fourth of July savings on all of those beloved home appliances and more. Shop our picks below or check them all out here. Offering a retro design and color palette, this Mainstays Countertop Microwave Oven will upgrade any home kitchen. Best of all, the price point is, well, on point. Keep cool this summer with the help of this Midea Window Air Conditioner. Ready to deliver fresh air with two different cool settings and two different fan speeds, you’ll be set. Clean the day away with the Shark Navigator. It’s easy to maneuver, features an anti-allergen seal, is easy to empty and allows for both deep carpet and bare floor cleaning. Remove the detachable pod to clean stairs, furniture and more. Pets are great, but their little messes aren’t as fun. Therefore, BISSELL made the Little Green Portable cleaner. It lifts away smaller messes like dirt and stains from all type of surfaces so that you and your furry friend can have a clean and comfortable home. Sit back, relax and hit “start” on the iHome AutoVac vacuum and mop. Featuring an all-in-one design, you can clean your home in a jiffy without having to do any of the work yourself. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.