The big three of Dejounte Murray, Jalen Brunson and RJ Barrett was not meant to be. The Spurs’ All-Star guard is headed to play with Garden villain Trae Young and the Hawks, according to multiple reports, and will not be joining Barrett and Brunson at the Garden. The Knicks were interested in the 25-year-old Murray and were one of the teams to hold trade talks with the Spurs, sources confirmed. What they were willing to give up, though, is uncertain. The Hawks sent the Spurs three first-round picks, former Knick Danilo Gallinari and a pick swap to land the 25-year-old Murray, who is one of the best young players in the game. This past season, his first as an All-Star, Murray averaged 21.1 points, 9.2 assists, 8.3 rebounds and 2.0 steals per game. His one limitation is his 3-point shot. Murray is a lifetime 33 percent shooter from deep. But he is an elite defender who is a nightly triple-double threat, having notched 13 of them this past to set a Spurs single-season record. The Knicks had the assets to do better than the Hawks’ offer, with 11 first-round picks over the next seven years. Of the three first-round picks the Spurs received, two are unprotected, ESPN reported. Those are the Hawks’ first-rounders in 2025 and 2027. Atlanta also sent San Antonio the Hornets’ first-round pick next year, which is protected if it is in the top 16. The pick swap is in 2026. Assuming the Knicks do land Brunson, it will be interesting to see which direction they go in next. There have been multiple reports the Knicks were hoping to add multiple new impact players and they wouldn’t stop with the Mavericks point guard. They dealt one of their more productive wings, Alec Burks, to the Pistons on Tuesday to clear salary cap space, and could still look to sign another guard. As of Wednesday evening, they had more than $30 million in cap space, and could free up an additional $5.2 million by waiving Taj Gibson. Trading Cam Reddish, which The Athletic reported the Knicks have looked into, would free up $5.9 million more. The 22-year-old Reddish, a former lottery pick out of Duke, played only sparingly after coming to the Knicks in a January trade with the Hawks. Murray, though, is no longer available, and a blockbuster offseason seems less likely.