Tom Brady’s new underwear is “Gisele Bundchen approved.” The supermodel took to her Instagram story on Monday to show off the Buccaneers quarterback shirtless, while modeling his new Brady Brand boxer briefs in what appeared to be a bathroom at their home. “Somebody has new underwear,” said Bundchen, who was laughing while filming Brady adjusting his drawers. “Let me see,” she said as Brady tried to cover the camera with a towel. “See that Brady brand underwear.” Bundchen was first to debut the Brady Brand underwear, which launches on Thursday. “The most comfortable underwear ever that never loses its shape, and is @gisele approved,” the brand wrote on Instagram, adding Bundchen’s home video. Brady and Gisele, who’ve been married since 2009, share son Benjamin, 12, and daughter Vivian, 9. He also has a 14-year-old son Jack with his ex, actress Bridget Moynahan. Brady has been busy ahead of his third season with Tampa Bay, and his 23rd overall. Last Wednesday, Brady and Aaron Rodgers beat Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and Bills quarterback Josh Allen in Capital One’s “The Match” charity golf event. During a Q&A with Ernie Johnson after the 12-hole charity competition, Brady discussed his decision to return for another NFL season, and said he “felt some pressure” to return with free agency looming. “At this stage, it’s like 55% yes and 45% no. It’s not 100-0. That’s just the reality. It’s not that I’m not 100% committed, it’s just as soon as I make the commitment to do it, it’s like, ‘Ugh. All right, here we go,’” Brady said. “It’s like running a marathon. You can’t decide two weeks before the marathon, ‘Hey, I’m going to start running.’ We got right to free agency and I felt some pressure to do it and talked to the team and organization, and it all worked out.” In March, the 44-year-old, Brady announced his return for another NFL season — after a 40-day retirement — in a social media announcement and said he has “unfinished business” to attend to in the coming season. Brady will join the Fox Sports as its lead analyst, calling the NFL’s biggest games, after he hangs up his jersey for good. The quarterback has one year left on his contract with the Buccaneers.