One longtime New York family has found a creative way to bring a bit of Yankees love with them after relocating to Arizona in 2014. While not exactly the dimensions fit for a Major League Baseball game, their home includes a field built with a Yankees scoreboard at the fence — enough to live out every kid’s fantasy. And now, after nearly eight years, the owners are ready to part ways with their beloved five-bedroom, three-bathroom home for $2 million. Alex Hanon, a former Yonkers firefighter, along with his wife, Jill, the real estate agent who holds the listing, purchased the home for $480,000. “He is a retired firefighter from Yonkers and we moved out here and built the Wiffle Ball field,” Jill told The Post. “He is a huge Yankees fan, just loves baseball and we have kids. So he was standing out in the backyard one day and was like ‘Hmm, this kind of looks like a shape of a field.’ ” “The whole family are Yankees fans,” she added. The field, dubbed “Wiffleball Ranch,” also comes with its own batting cage with protective screens. While the field is enough to turn heads, that is just one amenity built into the home, which spans roughly 3,300 square feet and is situated on over half an acre of land. Other amenities include a fully convertible “speakeasy,” Dolby movie theatre, podcast/broadcast studio and a swimming pool with a waterfall grotto and slide. The home also has a fully integrated karaoke system, 8-foot dropdown screen, disco ball, stage spotlight and gobo light, the listing notes. New updates were made to the kitchen and epoxy flooring was added to the three-car garage in 2021, along with granite countertops, new flooring throughout the home and a new roof. “I wasn’t really sure what we were getting into. I said let’s see where it goes, and it just kind of evolved from there,” Jill explained. “But our kids have enjoyed it and our friends want to come over and hang out and play ball.” As for whether their next home will come packed with the same amenities and maybe even a bigger field, Jill said with a laugh: “You never know. It depends where we will end up.”