With the Stanley Cup Final now firmly in the rear-view mirror, it’s time to assess where the three local teams stand in the 2022-23 Cup futures market ahead of what should be a frenetic summer, with odds from BetMGM. Coming off an impressive run to the Eastern Conference Finals with a young roster, it would not be a surprise to see the Rangers as one of the most popular bets in the future market. That raises the question: Will the public’s infatuation with the Rangers shorten their odds so much that they’ll become an attractive sell-high option? The Rangers have a tricky offseason ahead of them, with little cap space available to address a lack of depth should middle-six forwards Andrew Copp, Ryan Strome and Frank Vatrano leave via free agency. There also are reasons to be skeptical about how the Rangers achieved success last season and if it will be repeatable. For one, they will need to improve at 5-on-5. The Rangers ranked 24th in expected goal rate, 21st in high-danger scoring chance rate and 14th in goal differential at 5-on-5, which means they were overreliant on their goaltender and special teams to get results. In addition to a generational performance from goalie Igor Shesterkin, the Rangers also benefited from sensational seasons by Chris Kreider, Artemi Panarin and Mika Zibanejad. Should any of those star players take a step back, it would be a significant blow, since they won’t have the supporting cast they had in 2021-22. The Rangers are talented, they have one of the best goalies in the world and the market is bullish on them after a deep playoff run. A look below the surface, however, shows that the Rangers may be a classic sell-high team going into October. The Islanders were the most disappointing team in the NHL last season. No matter the extenuating circumstances that the Islanders dealt with, there’s no hiding from the fact that they missed the postseason by 16 points after a season in which they were counted among the Stanley Cup contenders. Oftentimes, when a team underperforms and is unlucky, there will be an opportunity to buy low on them for the next season. Bookmakers seem to be aware of this and kept the Islanders at a reasonable number ahead of a pivotal offseason that started with a surprising coaching change. The foundation for success is still in place. Ilya Sorokin is one of the NHL’s best goaltenders, the Islanders are deep down the middle and we should expect bounce-back seasons from players such as Kyle Palmieri, Ryan Pulock, Mat Barzal and Anthony Beauvillier. The Islanders are expected to upgrade the top of their roster ahead of next season, so while it may be tempting to get in on this price before that happens, there’s enough uncertainty with this team that they should fly under the radar through the offseason. It’s hard to imagine numbers like this won’t be hanging around the Islanders when training camp begins in September. After a splashy offseason last summer, the Devils were a trendy long-shot team ahead of the 2021-22 campaign. Unfortunately, things never really got on track for them, thanks to injury issues and pedestrian goaltending. So here we are again. The Devils are long shots, but there are plenty of rumblings they will be active in the market and they are thought to be in the running for players such as Johnny Gaudreau and Filip Forsberg. If the Devils do bring in a big fish and find a reliable starting goaltender, this team will become intriguing at this price. And while adding one of those players to a top-six that already features Jack Hughes and Nico Hischier would be quite a windfall for the Devils, but whether or not they take a step forward next season will come down to the goaltending.