 “We forecast that retail gasoline prices will [fall to] $2.88/gal on average in 2022.” — US Energy Information Administration, Dec. 7, 2021 (just seven months ago) We say: Talk about clueless! The national average price hit $5.09 a gallon Thursday, per AAA. We say: “People who menstruate”? Gee, what kind of people might those be — men? NPR’s silly phrase is a natural progression from terms like “birthing people,” “chestfeeding” and “gender-neutral” pronouns like “they” and “xe.” But most people know that only one type of person is capable of menstruation (and giving birth): women. And the network’s attempt to hide that fact in the interest of political correctness only makes it look ridiculous. We say: Everyone’s entitled to his opinion, but shouldn’t lawmakers like Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) be expected to make sense? Mayra Flores was born in Mexico. We say: You can’t ask for better proof of Salon’s desperation for clicks (from the left) than this headline. Yet the story, too, absurdly links Christian belief to those who seek violence, claiming it’s “become normal for Republicans” to pray for the death of Democratic presidents. Author Thomas Lecaque actually suggests this isn’t “a fringe phenomenon” but “part of the core problem” of the GOP. Alas, if anything, the evidence he cites — GOP “politicians” like Kandiss Taylor, who used the slogan “Jesus, Guns, Babies” (hardly a sign she backs “violence”) but failed to get more than 3% of the vote in Georgia’s Republican gubernatorial primary last month — proves just the opposite. “The [right-wing media are] too reluctant to stand up for the truth in the face of massive lying — to call a lie a lie.” — Hillary Clinton, quoted in The New Statesman, June 14 We say: Uh, does Clinton mean the “right-wing” social media that squelched The Post’s Hunter Biden laptop story in 2020 and the mainstream media that pooh-poohed it to ensure Joe Biden’s win — only to later admit it was all 100% true? Is she talking about the media’s failure to call out the Russia Collusion hoax that her own campaign launched beginning in 2016? Ha! She’s referring mostly to Trump’s (false) claims that the 2020 election was stolen. But who is Clinton to gripe about that when she herself claimed ’16 was stolen — based on a lie her own campaign promoted? — Compiled by The Post Editorial Page