A blood feud between two of New York’s most powerful Republicans is turning a contest over what should be a safely GOP upstate congressional district into a national spectacle as the party seeks every possible advantage in the upcoming midterm elections. The standoff between ambitious New York Republican Party chairman Nick Langworthy and equally driven upstate Rep. Elise Stefanik centers on who will replace the current Republican representing suburban Buffalo — Chris Jacobs, who felt pressured to bow out after backing new gun laws following the deadly Buffalo grocery store massacre. Langworthy, who helped kneecap Jacob’s reelection effort, is pushing his own candidacy for the seat. Stefanik, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, sought to block him — and has allied herself with notorious fire thrower Carl Paladino, who recently was caught on tape complimenting Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler, his latest in a long line of racist and misogynistic remarks. The feud between Stefanik and Langworthy is even more notable because both are prominent allies of ex-President Donald Trump. Langworthy claimed in an interview with The Post that Stefanik is backing Paladino as part of a “vendetta” after the state GOP declined to back her potential bid to challenge Gov. Kathy Hochul in 2022 and, instead, supported Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-Long Island). The party boss claimed the slight has “really sat with her” and added “it’s unfortunate that she has decided to take that kind of attack.” “But listen, there’s differences of opinion in any political organization,” he said. Langworthy argued during a phone interview to announce he was running for the seat that Stefanik’s dislike of him pushed her to endorse Paladino. “She endorsed a candidate that she knew was not in the best interest of the swing seats in the great state of New York. I mean, it’s really unfortunate.” Stefanik allies, meanwhile, have demanded that Langworthy resign his post as chairman of the party to mount his congressional bid, claiming the dual role is a conflict of interest. Called for comment on Langworthy’s claims about her, the congresswoman’s top aide slammed him as a “sad, desperate man” and called on him to resign as party chairman. “Unlike Nick Langworthy, Congresswoman Stefanik hasn’t attacked fellow Republicans or any of the candidates,” said the advisor, Alex deGrasse. “If Elise wanted to run for Governor, she would have run for Governor. And she would never have had to lower herself to ask Nick Langworthy for permission. That’s for the voters to decide,” he said, adding she’s happy serving in her current role. “He is disgracefully and shamelessly using his position as state party chair to attack fellow Republicans Elise Stefanik, Carl Paladino and others and he should resign as State Party Chair,” he added. A frustrated New York Republican political operative said the vicious infighting could distract the party as it tries to make gains across New York after a near-decade of political irrelevance. “For the entirety of Joe Biden’s time in office, the political winds have been in our favor. Infighting is counterproductive and the last thing the party needs at a time when we are trying to make significant gains,” the person said. The warfare has not only enveloped the GOP in the 23rd Congressional district, it has also generated tons of unflattering media attention for the party as Paladino’s penchant for offensive statements reemerged just days after Stefanik backed him. “Endorsing Carl Paladino is the endorsement most likely to boomerang in the state of New York,” said David Birdsell, the former dean of the Marxe School of Public and International Affairs at CUNY’s Baruch College and a longtime observer of New York politics. A Buffalo-based non-profit news organization, Investigative Post, obtained copies of a Paladino post on Facebook in which he claimed the back-to-back horrific shooting massacres at a Buffalo supermarket and an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas were part of a government conspiracy. Paladino first denied writing it and then told a reporter from the city’s broadsheet, The Buffalo News, that he “just didn’t remember the fact that I published it.” The real estate developer, who shocked the New York political establishment when he won the GOP’s gubernatorial nomination in 2010, was also recently exposed complimenting Hitler — who ordered the mass execution of 11 million people, including six million Jews, in the Holocaust before and during World War II — as “the kind of leader we need today.” “We need somebody inspirational. We need somebody that is a doer, has been there and done it,” he added during a 2021 interview on a Buffalo radio station. – Additional reporting by Zach Williams