Former mayor — and congressional hopeful — Bill de Blasio is calling out the state teachers union for investing $13 million of its pension funds with firms that manufacture guns and ammo following the shooting massacre of 19 students and two teachers in Uvalde, Texas. De Blasio is urging both the New York State Teachers Retirement Fund and the NYS Common Retirement Fund representing state and local government workers and retirees — separately overseen by state Comptroller Tom DiNapoli — to divest their holdings in the weapons industry. The holdings of the two pension funds combined in gun and manufacturing firms add up to $26 million. The NYS Teachers Retirement Fund has assets in Sturm Ruger, Vista Outdoor Inc. Olin Corp. (Winchester Ammo) and National Presto Industries, records show. “There are public companies that manufacture these deadly weapons and there arepublic companies that manufacture the bullets and ammunition used to kill our children. These companies can’t raise capital without going to the public markets and as a result,the shareholders of these companies can’t be passive investors, given the life and deathstakes,” De Blasio said in a letter sent Tuesday to New York State Teachers Retirement System president David Keefe and executive director and chief investment officer Thomas Lee. De Blasio, who is running in the newly redrawn 10th congressional district that takes in lower Manhattan and brownstone Brooklyn and Borough Park, said certain investments made by the pension fund’s “independent” money managers “may pass a fiduciary screen but not a moral one.” He pointed out the pension fund was a  “significant investor” in one of the largest gun manufacturers in the country, Storm Ruger and Co. as well as Olin, one of the country’s largest manufacturers of bullets. “Simply put, the money that gives these teachers a chance at a long and happy retirement should not go to the industries that threaten to cut their lives and the lives of their students short,” de Blasio continued. “The Teacher’s Retirement System has the power to hold the gun industry accountable by removing the following stocks ….And so, today I write to ask for your leadership in calling on your managers to divest from Olin, Sturm, and Vista Outdoors, and for the New York State Teachers Retirement System to adopt a strict new investment criterion to no longer hold gun and ammunition manufacturers in their fund.” The  NYSTRS is one of the ten largest public pension funds in the nation, with $148.1 billion in net assets, which provide benefits to nearly 434,000 New York State public school teachers, professors and other educators, the letter said. De Blasio sent a nearly identical letter to DiNapoli, noting that the New York State Common Retirement Fund is the third-largest public retirement fund in the nation, managing $207.4 billion in net assets and providing retirement benefits to nearly one million New York State government employees. The New York State United Teachers union had no immediate comment. A spokesman for DiNapoli said the NYSRF has been monitoring its investments in gun and ammo firms and has already divested some of its holdings. The former mayor acknowledged that divestment is just “one piece of the puzzle” in an “all hands on deck” approach that includes banning the sale of ammo online among other common sense safety measures. The state comptroller’s office said in a statement that already divested gun companies after Sandy Hook. “State Comptroller DiNapoli directed the state pension fund to divest from gun manufacturers nearly a decade ago. The impact of gun violence on our communities is heartbreaking, but also poses a substantial risk to investors, which is why we divested years ago following the tragedy at Sandy Hook,” said Jennifer Freeman, a spokesperson for the State Comptroller’s office. Other candidates running or considering running in the Democratic primary in the 10th CD include Rep. Mondaire Jones, who currently represents the 17th CD; former Congressman and Brooklyn DA Elizabeth Holtzman, Assemblywoman Yuh-Line Niou and Councilwoman Carlina Rivera, among others.