From listening to the best audible books to playing the weekly podcasts you follow, a solid pair of wireless earbuds allow for unmatched, hands-free listening — that won’t disturb fellow coffee shop guests or anyone in your space, too. And while Apple AirPods deals come in waves, for some, spending more than $100 on wireless earbuds may not be feasible or even preferred. Plus, if you can opt for a quality set with stellar reviews that do the job, the only question we have is why not? (Related: best over-ear headphones). Whether you’re en route to your office as a commuter or simply want a go-to pair of budget buds for running or strolling through your neighborhood, we have you covered. Ahead, find the 15 best wireless earbuds under $100 that deliver great sound quality and are our most recommended. We did the research for you — including some of the best from Amazon, Best Buy and more — so all you have to do is buy (and then listen). Just shy of $100 (technically, that five cents still counts), JBL’s earbuds are an Amazon Choice product and, impressively, last for up to 25 hours until a charge is needed. With a sleek, modern design, these buds have the it-factor and also come in blue and white. Exclusively offered at Best Buy, Jabra’s Elite True Wireless Earbuds are one of our favorites because they’re keen on the noise-canceling nature we look for. Plus, they’re water-resistant, come with a compact carrying case and currently on sale. Don’t just walk — run — to these budget buds that are only $25 right now. Even off its sale, iLuv’s fan-favorite wireless headphones allow for hands-free phone calls (thanks to its hands-free mic), have up to 20 hours of listening time and come in an array of colors. With the look and feel of AirPods, these wireless earbuds are a whopping $80 off right now and are one of Walmart’s bestsellers. Not to mention, the buds’ conformed tips ensure they stay in your ears for a solid seven hours of hands-free listening. Available in white and black, you’ll want to add these discounted wireless earbuds to your cart ASAP with a name like Sony. The pair boasts up to 10 hours of battery life and are both splash-proof and sweat-proof, making them great for an intense workout. They’re also lightweight to wear and stash in your bag. Ah yes, Google’s Pixel Buds are exactly what we’ve been searching for (please excuse our search engine pun). But in all seriousness, these modern buds have a flush-to-ear design so they’ll stay in place with up to five hours of listening time through its custom-designed, high-quality speakers. For less than $50, you can’t go wrong with SoundPeats’ Sonic Wireless Earbuds. If the sleek, slate-gray design doesn’t sell you, its impressive 15 hours of battery life and noise-reduction functionality will. With a crisp sound and if not the most of-age design we’ve seen yet, Samsung’s Galaxy Buds naturally amplifies sound with its built-in technology, have an ergonomic design, noise-canceling and comfortably fit in your ears. What’s not to love? The Tiksounds Wireless Earbuds are one of the best scores on Amazon, namely because they’re one of the brand’s top picks and are less than $35. The specs are wonderful, too, with an exemplary 35 hours of playtime (one of the highest number we’ve seen) and waterproof design, these are next-level. Enter the most affordable pair of buds in this article. HinyCom’s Bluetooth Wireless Earbuds have a sportier look, up to 150 hours of playtime and has a hi-fi stereo sound quality for just $22. Not to mention, the sling-back design makes it extra comfy on the ears. With nearly 30K rave reviews on Amazon, Skullcandy’s Indy Evo True Wireless In-Ear Earbuds are the versatile, easy-to-use pair that we’re putting on your radar ASAP. Not only do the miniatures boast up to 30 hours of battery life (a feat hard to beat) but they’re also dust, water and sweat-resistant — making them especially apt for exercise. For $20, you simply can’t pass up Tozo’s Mini Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds. The waterproof and lightweight pair also boasts smart touch control, which allows you to control the volume, answer calls and skip to the previous or next song with just a tap. Not to mention, they come in black, white, gold and a palette of pastels. Though available in many colors, Altec Lansing’s NanoBuds 2.0 are revolutionary in this ice blue color. Perfect to keep in your work tote or backpack, these water-resistant buds live up to five hours, which is impressive given the $30 price point, and is clad with antimicrobial protection to help kill up to 99% of germs. With complete noise reduction and a battery life up to 40 hours, Soundcore’s Life P2 are also water-resistant and sleek to sport for any time of day. Impressively, too, the buds only need to charge for 10 minutes to rein one-hour of battery life if you’re in a hurry. Per Raycon’s website, this pair of wireless earbuds are designed with a “small build but mighty sound. If you prefer crisp sound and a non-intrusive fit, The Everyday Earbuds are what you should add to your cart (especially for its customized fit ensuring they never fall out). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.