Walmart has pulled MyPillow products off its store shelves, prompting CEO Mike Lindell to lash out at the retail giant for “canceling” him. Lindell, the pillow entrepreneur who has made headlines in recent months for insisting that Donald Trump won the 2020 election, told Insider that he was informed by a Walmart representative that his products would only be available online. Shoppers who go to Walmart stores will not have the option of buying MyPillow products, according to Lindell. “They dropped MyPillow, and it really hurt my employees because they were our biggest distributor,” Lindell said. “They were by far and away number one.” Lindell blasted Walmart as “absolutely disgusting.” He said his MyPillow line is “one of the top-selling products in the history of Walmart.” The Post has reached out to Walmart seeking comment. Lindell told Insider that he first heard that Walmart would be pulling MyPillow products around two weeks ago. He said he had been flying “all over the country” to deal with “the election stuff.” Lindell said that he and a Walmart representative spoke via Zoom. During the conversation, Lindell proposed lowering the price of his pillows. He said he didn’t hear back from Walmart for a week. It was then that he got word Walmart was dropping MyPillow products. “I tell them what I’m offering them, and I’m saying: ‘Why are you doing this? Why are you kicking us out and canceling us?'” Lindell said. “When we were your biggest product, the biggest of all time!” Lindell said he was told by the Walmart representative that the pillows didn’t meet the retailer’s customer satisfaction criteria. “I said, ‘Shame on you, Walmart. You have over 10,000 vendors from China. I make all my pillows in Minnesota,'” Lindell said. “I was so upset. I shut the computer.” Lindell said Walmart would “never get to sell MyPillows again.” “What they did is inexcusable! It’s cancel culture, and you don’t get to come back,” Lindell told Insider. Several retailers have kept a distance from Lindell since late 2020, when he became one of the most active promoters of the theory that Joe Biden’s election victory was fraudulent. Big-name brands like Costco, Bed Bath & Beyond, QVC, JCPenney, and Wayfair stopped selling MyPillow products last year due to Lindell’s public pronouncements. Lindell has also been sued for defamation by voting systems company Dominion. Another company, Smartmatic, has also filed suit against Lindell.