A laugh comes for free, but living in the Los Angeles home of the late funnyman Bob Saget will cost you more. Saget’s Crestwood Hills residence, where he lived for nearly 20 years, has listed for $7.76 million. Saget, who unexpectedly passed away on January 9 at age 65, purchased the six-bedroom, 6.5-bathroom estate in 2003 for $2.9 million, according to the Wall Street Journal. The “Full House” dad resided in the home until his death. One particular feature of the home includes Elan smart home technology — super-premium home automation that controls nearly every use. “Bob was very into tech. Over the years he put in smart house controls and automation throughout the home,” his nephew, Adam Saget, and the real estate agent representing the listing with Compass, told The Post in a statement. Spanning roughly 6,600 square feet, the gated architectural home was designed by the renowned Douglas Busch Design. The beloved standup comic and sitcom star lived in the home with his widow Kelly Rizzo, whom Saget married in 2018. She was stepmother to his three adult daughters — Laura, Aubra and Jenny — with ex-wife Sherri Kramer. “It’s like, he’s still my husband,” Rizzo, 42, recently revealed. “It’s not like, ‘Oh, he’s my former husband.’ It’s like … the relationship is different now. It’s just — it is what it is.” She recently moved into a new property — but she’s still in touch with his offspring. “His girls came to stay with me for you know, the first time since I moved into the new house just this last week, and they walked in and I was like, ‘So it’s kind of like a museum to your dad, so don’t freak out but yes, he’s everywhere,’” Rizzo told People earlier this month. “And then they’ll catch me like talking to a picture every once in a while, and they’re like ‘Stepmommy Kelly, are you OK?’” Moving on: Amenities in their once-shared home include a grand motor court, a three car garage, a pool, a spa and a barbecue entertainment area. The primary suite features high vaulted ceilings, an abundance of natural light, a fireplace, a private patio, a spa-like bathroom with a tub, a steam shower and a large walk-in closet, per the listing. Three guest rooms and a large terrace complete the upper level. The main level features a warm foyer with stone and hardwood flooring throughout. The living room is a dramatic sky-lit two-story space with an adjacent dining room. There is also a media and family room with an additional guest room. The eat-in kitchen has updated stainless-steel appliances, a fireplace, a breakfast counter and a walk-in pantry. There’s even a separate guest house with a full bath, which can be transformed into an office or gym. Most of all, adds Compass’ Adam Saget, the property was a space for family. “Personally, I’m going to miss our family gatherings and holiday celebrations we shared together in the home,” he added. “So many great stories, lots of laughs and memories to cherish for years to come.” The listing comes right ahead of Netflix’s “A Tribute To Bob Saget” — a celebration of Saget’s life in comedy with his friends and family — set to be released on June 10. Saget was found unresponsive in his hotel room at the Ritz-Carlton Orlando, in Florida, that January afternoon. Family members were worried when they had be unable to reach him and he had missed his checkout time. Emergency responders pronounced Saget dead at the scene. An autopsy later revealed he suffered blunt head trauma from an accidental blow to the back of his head, likely from a fall, and subsequently died from the injuries in his sleep. Saget was best known for playing Danny Tanner on “Full House” from 1987 to 1995, and for hosting “America’s Funniest Home Videos” from 1989 to 1997. In the last years of his life, he hosted the podcast “Bob Saget’s Here For You.” At the time of his death, Saget was on his “I Don’t Do Negative Comedy Tour.”