New York’s GOP gubernatorial candidates Andrew Giuliani and Lee Zeldin warned embattled Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg on Wednesday that he’ll be next — just hours after San Francisco’s soft-on-crime DA Chesa Boudin was ousted. Boudin was recalled late Tuesday after 60% of fed-up San Francisco voters rejected his progressive policies in the wake of a spate of brazen crimes, including smash-and-grabs. “It turns out rampant shoplifting, drug dealing and car thefts are unacceptable for the people of San Francisco, who voted to recall their activist DA, Chesa Boudin,” Giuliani said in a statement. “Americans are begging to be safe on their streets again. As governor, I’ll recall any district attorney who chooses to serve the criminals instead of the people — and I’ll start with Manhattan’s Alvin Bragg.” Congressman Zeldin (R-NY) insisted that Gov. Kathy Hochul’s refusal to remove Bragg would be her undoing. “Californians made their voice heard, and, in November, New Yorkers will too when they remove Kathy Hochul for, among many reasons, her refusal to fire pro-criminal Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg,” he said. “New Yorkers are sick and tired of criminals ruling our streets, and they’re ready to end the attacks on our safety, repeal cashless bail, take back our streets and save our state.” The ousting of the San Francisco DA comes as famously progressive cities across the US continue to face a public safety reckoning under soft-on-crime Democratic lawmakers and prosecutors. While the Empire State doesn’t have recall elections, the governor has the power to remove any district attorney who fails to do their job. “The recall of San Francisco District Attorney Chesa Boudin is proof that even America’s most liberal voters have realized the disastrous effects of Democrats’ dangerous crime policies,” NY GOP Chairman Nick Langworthy said in a statement. “Kathy Hochul has caved to the radical left and will never have the courage to remove woke Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg, but under a Republican governor, we will absolutely remove prosecutors who don’t do their jobs.” He warned, “If you don’t enforce the law, your days are numbered. And that is a promise.” The New York DA’s Office didn’t immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment about GOP warnings that Bragg would be the next progressive prosecutor to go. Bragg has faced mounting criticism since he enacted a slew of progressive policies after taking office in January. Mayor Eric Adams took aim earlier this week, declaring that NYC’s criminal justice system had been turned into a “laughingstock” by prosecutors, judges and legislators whose soft policies were putting shooters back on the streets.