We are putting on pedestals unprincipled people who preach one particular gospel while hypocritically choosing otherwise for themselves. They are the self-appointed progressive saviors who know what’s best for everyone less fortunate than themselves but would never choose to live the life they are preaching for the “underclass.” For them, poverty is a word on a piece of paper, or a slogan you can occasionally toss around while pretending to care about the dynamics of the people who are merely surviving within it. Left-wing Assemblywoman Yuh-Line Niou’s brush with reality came back in 2016, when she explained to a local publication her reasoning for leaving Harlem for the wealthier Financial District. While living in Harlem, she, unfortunately, had been robbed and witnessed a number of disturbing crimes. It goes without saying that no one should have to endure living in a situation where they are in constant danger or, at minimum, questioning their safety. There should also be no shame for Niou having the opportunity to leave this high-crime area for a safer place; none of this is in question. But when you advocate for policy positions that hurt the people you left behind — who can’t just up and leave their homes on a whim — well, there’s a special circle of hell. Niou pushes for the massive defunding of the NYPD, which would make Harlem less safe. Keep in mind that the black residents Niou claims to represent don’t agree with that. A USA Today poll from last year found that only 28% of African Americans want to defund the police, and recent surveys suggest that number has fallen even further. Worse, even as Niou fled for the comfort of the Financial District, she’s doing everything possible to make sure the predatory wolves of New York City get cashless bail, all in the name of “justice.” It is progressives like her that have more empathy for the violators of our society than the working-class who are trying to do everything possible to survive and thrive. You see this across the country. Do you think the progressive district attorneys of Chicago, Philadelphia and Los Angeles live in neighborhoods with high crime? Hey, not their problem! Why would someone who has seen the danger firsthand do everything possible policy-wise to ensure the people she left behind remain defenseless? It’s because Niou, and progressives like Niou, are predators as well. Progressive predators prey upon the outcomes of the vulnerable and are indifferent to their suffering. What matters to progressive predators like her is prestige, power, and domination; damn whoever gets run over or left behind in the process. If you care about a community or a city, you wouldn’t do everything possible to make them more vulnerable. Now that she resides in luxury, being vulnerable is no longer her priority and neither are you. Adam B. Coleman is the author of “Black Victim To Black Victor” and founder of Wrong Speak Publishing.