Selena Gomez needed to do a little more research before signing on to Hulu’s comedy series “Only Murders in the Building.” Her costar Martin Short jokingly divulged during Deadline‘s “Actor’s Side” Q&A that the 29-year-old didn’t know who he was at first. “She’s such a great actress because she pretended to know who we were,” the Canadian actor, 72, gushed over the pop star. He continued, “I said, ‘Selena, what did you do when you found out you were working with me?’ And she said, ‘I Googled you.’” Season 2 of the critically-acclaimed murder mystery show drops on June 28 with returning cast members Short, Gomez and creator Steve Martin, 76. New additions to the cast include Amy Schumer and Cara Delevingne. “Only Murders in the Building” follows Martin (playing Charles-Haden Savage), Short (Oliver Putnam) and Gomez (as Mabel Mora) as three neighbors who are entwined in a murder committed in their lavish Upper West Side apartment building, the Arconia. The “Wizards of Waverly Place” alum discussed working with the two comedic legends to People last year, revealing how they both made her feel welcome. “They immediately made me feel like I was a part of a trio,” she said. “They’re just the best. They are extremely humble and kind, and they just have a different human perspective on life than anyone I’ve ever met.” “I asked them about how life used to be, and it was always so interesting to hear about the industry and what it used to be like,” she went on. “I felt like a sponge, just absorbing everything I could. We’re all on a group e-mail chain.” Gomez recently looked back on her Disney Channel days with the Hollywood Reporter‘s “Awards Chatter” podcast and even recalled working with her old pal Demi Lovato. The “Stars Dance” singer’s first foray into showbiz was auditioning for “Barney” as a child after showing up to an open call alongside 1,400 other kids. “Out of all those kids, they picked seven, and I happened to be one of them,” she said. Another of the seven kiddos was Lovato, 29, who would go on with Gomez to land at the Disney Channel by their teens. “The wildest part of that story is that she was actually the girl standing in front of me,” Gomez added. “I remember she had a red bow on, I’ll never forget it … I just thought the world of her. And we both ended up, after we got the part, we didn’t know if the other one did. And we just had this, like, mini-reunion when we saw each other.”