There’s no doubt we deserve it. Close to half of Americans say “happy hour” should be extended to three hours this coming summer, new research on the country’s attitudes toward alcohol has uncovered. OnePoll surveyed 2,000 adults over the age of 21 on behalf of Bevy Long Drink, with 38% of respondents saying they’d prefer a “happy three hours” at bars and restaurants in the months ahead. “People are looking forward to being social again this summer,” Andrea Desaulniers, Bevy Long Drink’s brand manager, told South West News Service. Almost 7 in 10 citizens surveyed said they’re now eager to make up for “lost time” after being shuttered away at home amid the COVID-19 pandemic. And extended happy hours could make sense, as millions of Americans start returning to the office on a more frequent basis. Additionally, cut-price drinks would also be a boon to people struggling with the surging cost of living amid near-record inflation. When looking at the best day of the week to partake in a happy hour, most of those polled preferred Tuesday to hit a bar after work: 18% of respondents chose that day, coming in just ahead of Friday (also at 18%). Meanwhile, a majority of respondents said happy hour should kick off before the unofficial end of the workday — commencing somewhere between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. Summer seems to be the favorite season for Americans to hit the booze, with almost two-thirds (65%) of respondents saying they are more likely to participate in a happy hour during the warmer months. “As we all look forward to the summer season, social activities like happy hour have taken on a new meaning, so why just limit happy to one hour?” Desaulniers declared. “We [also]  found that the majority of respondents are likely to try new things while they are out at happy hour,” she added. The findings that show Americans are excited for the upcoming summer and are eager to try new things come as no surprise. The Post recently profiled frisky New Yorkers looking to partake in kinky hook-ups in the upcoming hotter months. Many Big Apple residents were ready to return to the sex and dating scenes for a purported “hot vax summer” last year, only for the hedonism to be foiled by the Delta variant of the coronavirus.