Former Australian tennis star Jelena Dokic revealed she tried to take her own life in April — three months after she said she wasn’t doing well following her split with longtime boyfriend Tin Bikic. On Monday, 39-year-old Dokic shared a photo of herself in tears, writing on Instagram that she “almost jumped off [her] 26th floor balcony” because she “just wanted the pain and the suffering to stop.” Dokic, the 2000 Wimbledon semifinalist, said she will never forget the day, April 28, 2022, that she nearly took her own life. “Everything is blurry. Everything is dark. No tone, no picture, nothing makes sense….. just tears, sadness, depression, anxiety and pain,” Dokic wrote in her caption. “The last six months have been tough.” In mid-January, Dokic revealed that she was struggling after confirming her breakup with Bikic, who she had been with for nearly 19 years. A week later, she took to Instagram to address being body-shamed while covering the Australian Open. “It’s been constant crying everywhere,” Dokic said. “From hiding in the bathroom when at work to wipe away my tears so that nobody sees it to the unstoppable crying at home within my four walls has been unbearable. Constant feelings of sadness and pain are just not going away and my life has been shattered. “I blame myself. I don’t think I am worthy of loving and I am scared. I also know that I still have so many things to be grateful for and then I start to hate myself because by feeling this way I feel like I am not grateful because I mustn’t be since I want to end it all. Such a vicious cycle in my head. “The result: almost jumping off my 26th floor balcony on April 28th. Will never forget the day, I just wanted the pain and the suffering to stop. I pulled myself of the edge, don’t even know how I managed to do it.” Dokic said seeking professional help “saved” her life, and that she decided to publicly share her story because “I know I am not the only one struggling. “Just know that you are not alone. I am not going to say that I am doing great now but I am definitely on the road to recovery. Some days are better than others and sometimes I take a step forward and then a step back but I’m fighting and I believe I can get through this.” Dokic vowed that she will be back stronger than ever. “It’s ok to feel this way and you can come back from it. It’s possible, just keep believing.Love you all and here is to fighting and surviving to live and see another day.” Last December, Dokic addressed concerns from fans after she took a break from social media and said she was “going through a tough period … and a huge change” in her life. Dokic, who retired from tennis in 2014, has served as a presenter and commentator for Channel 9 in Australia. Last month, Australian tennis star Destanee Aiava revealed she attempted to take her own life in April, writing on Instagram that she “did not want to make it” to her 22nd birthday. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.