Aroldis Chapman said he “felt no discomfort at all” in his left Achilles during his bullpen session Tuesday at Yankee Stadium, as he looks to return from the tendinitis that has sidelined him since May 24. He’s scheduled to throw another bullpen session, followed by a live batting practice. Pitching coach Matt Blake noted Chapman was hitting 96-98 mph during the 25-pitch session. He added the left-hander had “B, B- command, which is better than what we’ve been getting.” Chapman is looking to regain his usual form, which has evaded him for much of the season. “We’re focused on trying to streamline his delivery to home plate,’’ Blake said. “He’s made a lot of progress the last week or two as he focuses on things in his throwing program and tries to get a feel for what he’s working on.” Chapman was in a horrific stretch before being shut down. He had allowed runs in five straight appearances, with opponents getting to him for six earned runs, nine hits, three walks and a pair of homers over just 3 ²/₃ innings. Asked if the Achilles played a role in all those results, Chapman said: “It can be tough, but you understand being a professional athlete, you have to deal with things like that sometimes. You’ve got to toughen up and do your best. I’m trying to put this behind us and am feeling good.” Clay Holmes has thrived in the closer’s role in Chapman’s absence. Another missing reliever, Jonathan Loaisiga, threw on Monday and Tuesday as he recovers from right shoulder inflammation that has kept him on the IL since May 23. “He’s doing well,’’ manager Aaron Boone said of Loaisiga, who has so far been unable to approach the success he had last season. Another potential bullpen member, Domingo German, is scheduled to throw a three-inning live batting practice on Wednesday in his comeback from right shoulder impingement. If that goes well, a rehab assignment may not be far behind. That’s when the Yankees plan to determine how best to use the right-hander when he is able to return. Josh Donaldson missed the opener of a three-game series against the Rays on Tuesday night to serve his one-game suspension. The ban was handed down for Donaldson’s “Jackie” comments to White Sox shortstop Tim Anderson last month, though the Yankees third baseman’s appeal resulted in his fine getting cut in half, from $10,000 to $5,000. Donaldson had been suspended and fined for what MLB termed “disrespectful” language towards Anderson, who referred to himself as ”today’s Jackie Robinson” in a 2019 Sports Illustrated article. DJ LeMahieu started at third base, with Matt Carpenter at DH. Both Boone and Carpenter said he could be used in the outfield “in a pinch.” Carpenter has barely played the outfield since 2012. Carpenter has done all his pregame work at first base, second and third. Catcher Jose Trevino was back in the lineup after sitting out Sunday with a minor back issue. Boone said he’s “not too worried about” Trevino’s back and wanted to take advantage of the day off Monday. Still, Trevino has seen his playing time increase as he has been more productive. “We’ve seen Jose earn more opportunities to play more than earlier in the year, but [Kyle Higashioka] is gonna get his days,’’ Boone said. “Hopefully that’s something that serves both well.”