One of the suspects arrested in the disappearance of a well-known British journalist confessed to killing him and the indigenous expert he was with in Brazil earlier this month, a federal police investigator said Wednesday. The confession comes as human remains were found in the Amazon area where 57-year-old freelance reporter Dom Phillips, who has written for the Guardian and Washington Post, and Bruno Pereira, 41, had disappeared on June 5. The remains have not yet been identified, according to Justice Minister Anderson Torres. The two men were last seen passing through a remote part of the Amazon rainforest by boat. Two suspects, fishermen Amarildo da Costa de Oliveira and Oseney da Costa de Oliveira, have been arrested by Brazil’s federal police in connection to their disappearance. Police said Amarildo, whose nickname is Pelado, confessed to shooting and killing both men Tuesday night. He then led authorities to the area where remains were found. “We would have no way of getting to that spot quickly without the confession,” said federal investigator Eduardo Alexandre Fontes. If the remains are Phillips and Pereira, the bodies will be returned to their families, police said. More arrests could be coming, police said. Pelado’s family previously claimed police were torturing him to get a confession and he was innocent. Investigators said de Oliveira did not admit to any involvement in the crime, but there is evidence against him. Local reports prior to the police press conference detailed the gruesome way Phillips and Pereira were killed. Local Brazilian broadcaster Band News, according to the Mirror, reported one of the suspects admitted that they killed and dismembered the bodies of the two men. The Mirror, citing a report from Band Jornalismo, reported the men “surrendered and [were] taken to a ditch, where they were killed and their bodies quartered and set on fire.” Earlier in the day, Reuters witnesses saw police take one of the suspects out on the river where the pair disappeared. An Associated Press photographer witnessed police take one of the suspects on a boat in a city near the search zone. Because the suspect was wearing a hood, it’s unclear who authorities were with. Guilherme Torres, an officer with the Amazonas state police, said while the missing men’s boat has not been found, authorities know where it might have been hidden. “They put bags of dirt on the boat so it would sink,” he said, with police believing the engine was removed. With Post wires