Navigating the dating scene these days isn’t the easiest task for people who are single. The purpose of a dating app like Bumble is to meet potential romantic partners, but some people use it as a mode to bully others. A TikToker named Sami D posted a video to her feed chronicling a terrible experience she had with a guy she matched with on Bumble. She starts off her video by explaining that she always uses the same opener when matching with guys. She generally starts the conversation by saying: “Your hand looks heavy, let me hold it for you” with a flirty emoji. Her horrible Bumble match replied by saying: “You look heavy.” Sammi explained that she usually deletes and ignores messages like that, but this time, she wasn’t going to let it slide. She clapped back at him saying: “Oh, I know someone who’s under six feet didn’t call me fat.” His messages continually got worse and worse, leading Sammi to disclose an unfortunate realization. She revealed that some guys only match with bigger-sized girls on Bumble to send insults and abusive comments. He even said in the message thread that he was comfortable being mean to bigger-sized girls who he thought of as “whales.” According to Sammi’s video caption, she believes she was dealing with an individual who was fatphobic. She asked him directly if he only matched with her to be mean to her, but she didn’t keep the message thread around long enough to get his response. She also called the Bumble app out directly in her caption tagging them and writing: “Please tell me this behavior isn’t acceptable.” The last step she took was reporting his profile since he shouldn’t have access to dating apps if he’s only going to use them to bully others. Someone in the comment section wrote: “There needs to be a dating app where the other person can rate the interaction and have it show up for the next person who talks to them.” Someone else wrote: “It’s so wild because it’s an app where you don’t have to swipe right on people you don’t like; so like why is he swiping right on people he hates?” A third person added: “Honey, I know how you feel. I hope it helps you to know that what he said is completely about him, not you. Hurt people hurt people.” Sammi revealed at the end of her video that the interaction ruined her day and set her back emotionally in terms of her self-esteem. Bumble definitely needs to step up when it comes to its anti-bullying policies if they want to keep users. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.  