Why work from home when you could work from the beach, the park or really anywhere? If your thinking, “but where’s the WiFi?” don’t worry, we were too until we found out that you can get a portable WiFi hotspot or device for connectivity anywhere you want. Many cellular carriers offer mobile hotspots as part of their phone packages, but those can be pricey, or limited to only their clients who have a bundled service. Plus, if you want to roam without worrying about other’s on your plan, that may not be the best solution. We want to cut the cord and let you roam, especially during the summer when all we want to do is be able to work under the sunshine instead of florescent lights. This is why we compiled some of the best and easiest-to-use portable WiFi devices and hotspots, offering you the world wide web from wherever you are. Read on for plans, contact-free devices and more to let you roam without fear of missing that important email from your boss or Zoom meeting in 2022. Stay connected on the go with this compact wireless hotspot. Create your own private WiFi network and easily pair with your favorite streaming services like Chromecast and Amazon Fire Stick while on the go. It has racked up more than 14,000 reviews on Amazon, with a four-star average rating. Keep it simple with this no-contract hotspot from Simple Mobile. Sold at Best Buy, the device costs just $50, coming with a 2300 mAh rechargeable battery and the ability for 16 devices to connect at a time. You can buy plans that work for you from Simple Mobile as well, also sold at Best Buy for an easy checkout. Be connected no matter where you are with this travel WiFi hotspot. Sold at Amazon, the GlocalMe mobile router operates on a pay-as-you-go model, which is perfect for travelers or those that only need the hotspot once in a while. You can connect up to 10 devices to use the 4G network. No SIM card, no problem. This mobile hotspot device is equipped with 4G LTE WiFi and can connect to 10 devices at once. The best part is that is is powered by Skyroam’s virtual SIM cards, which you can purchase starting at $6 per GB. Getting into mobile carriers, T-Mobile is a great one to check out for hotspots and roaming data plans. Grab this mobile hotspot for under $20 and then contact T-Mobile to get your plan set up or SIM activated. For a more robust WiFi hotspot, this Verizon model is top notch. The touch screen display shows your usage as well as who is connected, battery life and other needed information for connecting on the go. You can then choose your data plan and purchase from Verizon directly, depending on your needs and current plan. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.