Let’s be honest — the saying “you’re a pest” likely originated from the influx of bug bites (we blame you, mosquitos and other bite-causers) that land on our bodies throughout the warmer months. Some proclaim, “oh, you get bites because you’re so sweet!” and “I can play connect-the-dots with all of my bites!” but, in all honesty, they’re not cute nor wanted. (Related: best bug zappers). “While bug repellent sprays are generally non-specific to the insects they repel, keep in mind the target pests are biting insects such as mosquitoes and ticks while outside playing, hiking, hunting, or boating,” Jamie Haberman, medical and veterinary entomologist and owner of A Ablaze Pest Control in New Jersey — with 41 years in the industry — told the New York Post. Luckily, we spoke to Haberman to give us the 411 on what ingredients to look for in a good bug spray or mosquito repellent. We listed the best ones below for you to shop, along with an FAQ section for a detailed overview of what to keep in mind when using them. Click to jump to a specific bug repellent: More than 25K people who want to eradicate bugs for good love the OFF! Deep Woods Insect Repellent — and for a good reason. For less than $15, you can snag two full-sized sprays that help repel mosquitos, ticks, biting flies, gnats and chiggers. Plus, it contains 25% DEET for approximately five hours of protection. Similarly, Repel’s Sportsman Max has 40% DEET, which may last a bit longer, and is only $4 right now on Amazon. Not to mention, it’s the perfect size to stash in your travel backpack. If you’re looking for an all-natural mosquito repellent that’s akin to your favorite body lotion, check out Kinfield’s Golden Hour. Instead of containing DEET, it has a lovely and light Indonesian citronella scent that’s paraben-free, vegan and has been put through independent trials. For $22, you’ll feel good about your purchase. Containing the expert-recommended ingredient lavender, Four Elements has a lovely Outdoor Body Bug Spray that also contains aromatic basil and earthly sage for freshness. Impressively, it’s said to dry quickly on the skin so you can spend more time enjoying the outdoors instead of preparing your body to repel those bugs. For plants, Natria’s Organic Neem Oil Spray is next-level with more than 16K positive reviews on Amazon. It’s effective on roses, flowers, houseplants, ornamental trees and shrubs, nuts, fruits and vegetables, so your garden will be in tip-top shape — bug-free. Not only do we love the name “mosquito deleto” but it’s unlike any other. It contains expert-recommended lemongrass oil, as well as essential oils, to help control the pests in your yard. For a versatile insecticide, look no further than Grove’s Arber Bio. It’s formulated with good bacteria to help prevent those small insect pests from moseying their way into your indoor and outdoor area. It’s also BPA-free, made in the USA and a woman-owned business. Why pick up one bug spray when you can snag a four-pack? For $60, grab Bloomscape’s Garden Pest Control Set, which includes an insecticidal soap, dead bug brew, copper fungicide, neem oil and sticky stakes to maintain the health of your plants. Plus, it’s a once-a-week treatment, so it’s simple for you to manage. The same brand as one of our recommended bug sprays has bug wipes for easy application and on-the-go use. Containing 25% of DEET, it should hold up for about five hours of protection, and the two-pack bundle is less than $20 right now. We’re so glad we found Aunt Fannie’s Mosquito Repellent Wipes. The biodegradable bug-preventers contain citronella and lemongrass oils — both of which are expert-backed — and helps repel bugs for up to four hours. Easy to use, easy to carry. If you’re looking for a great value, add Repel’s spray and towelettes bundle to your online cart ASAP. You’ll receive the best of both worlds: a long-lasting spray and easy-to-apply wipes. Plus, the lemon eucalyptus scent just sounds heavenly. Containing 30% DEET, BugX’s Insect Repellent Towelettes are long-lasting and in a buy-in-bulk nature. Whether you’re going hiking or camping (or, simply outdoors), you’ll want to have these trusty packets on hand. Sawyer Products’ Insect Repellent Lotion contains 20% of Picaridin which, according to Harberman, is a synthetic compound comparable to DEET and approved by the CDC as an effective repellent to insects. That said, grab two, just shy of 20 collectively. Sallye Ander’s No-Bite-Me Cream is a wonderful tub to keep on deck for the whole family. It’s formulated with lemongrass to help prevent bug bites for up to four hours. You’ll also appreciate its organic, infant-safe nature. Sarna has one of the best expert-approved body lotions we rounded up, so there’s no surprise its Steroid-Free Anti-Itch Lotion made the cut. Uniquely, it’s recommended for after-bite use (less of a preventive measure), but a great essential to store in your medicine cabinet for those inevitable itches. What’s great about Avalon Organics’ Hand & Body Lotion is its inclusion of lavender, which Haberman recommends as an effective scent to help combat frequent pests. It’s formulated without parabens and sulfates, too. This citronella oil is a great option for keeping mosquitos away. Dab some on your wrists, ankles and behind your ears for a natural bug solution. A roll on citronella essential oil option? Don’t mind if we do! This oil intends to keep those fly bugs away will striving to boost your mood with notes of lemon zest. This option also eliminates the use of extra fillers and additives. Don’t let the bed bugs bite with the Healing Solutions essential oil. Tested for purity and dilution, this essential oil is as pure as it gets. Best of all, it’s a safe alternative to bug sprays. Searching for an effective essential oil that isn’t citronella? Then this UpNature option may do the trick. Made with ylang-ylang, eucalyptus, coconut, vanilla and more essential oil blends, this roll-on option is effective and great for using on long hikes and outdoor adventures. Our all-time favorite bug repellent bracelet is this PARA’KITO wristband. It keeps the bugs (especially mosquitos) away with it essential oil pellet that easily fit into a mesh slot in the wristband. Secure it to your wrist and go about your adventures. It’s that easy. We even tested the PARA’KITo bracelet for a month in the Amazon jungle, and it really worked. Read our full review here. The great PARA’KITO bracelet discussed above is also available in kids’ sizes. Best of all, they come in a two-pack and in an array of captivating prints and colors. Another great option is this 10-pack of essential oil bracelets. They are DEET free and come individually wrapped in resealable bags. One size also fits most. Fight off the bugs while looking stylish with this 12-pack of mosquito repellent bracelets. In fun and bright colors, these bracelets effectively work to keep pesky bugs away. Ingredients used include citronella, lemongrass and geraniol essential oils. Ideal for deck and patios areas, this triple wick candle is great for blocking out the bugs. Best of all, it offers up to 40 hours of protection and made with real citronella oil. Offering a gentle glow, this candle offers a perimeter of protection. Simply light and enjoy a bug-free zone. There’s nothing like a clean burn, and this Murphy’s Naturals candle delivers 30 hours of mosquito shielding. So sit back, relax and enjoy the outdoors. Perfectly convenient, this outdoor candle comes in a tin can and a tight lid. Light the candle to keep the bugs away for 20 hours. These breathable, water-resistant women’s hiking pants are sure to keep those pesky bugs off of you. They are especially great if you’ll be in heavily vegetated areas or in tall grass. Add a layer of bug protection with this insect shielding long sleeve. With repellant in the material, it keeps you safe and the bugs away. Tie this bandana around your neck, wrist or ankle to keep the critters at bay. It’s comfortable, practical and efficient. Don’t just protect yourself from the bugs, but also protect yourself from the harsh sun with this UPF protected shirt. Ahead, learn about ingredients and notes on best practices when using these products all summer long — backed by an entomologist. The most effective and safest product to repel insects is DEET, otherwise known as Diethryltoluamide. “It has been the active ingredient of choice for use as an insect repellent,” Haberman explained. “First developed for use by the army infantry in 1946, it was put into public use in 1957.” In concentrations lower than 30%, it’s widely approved for use on bare skin and clothing without secondary affects. “One should avoid applying stronger concentrations to skin as there might be a reaction such as skin rash or even rare seizures when used in very high doses,” he advises. Additionally, Picaridin is a relatively new active ingredient recognized by the CDC as an effective repellent to insects. “It’s is a synthetic compound similar to that produced by the black pepper plant,” he notes. While it’s universally known that citronella (see: citronella candles) is a common fix to make those pests wander away, there are other scent notes to keep in mind, too. “Repelling scents include lavender, lemon, eucalyptus, citronella and garlic,” Haberman lists. “Some people actually are less attractive to insect due to what they eat and what seeps through their skin pores.” “While 30% of DEET may give five hours of protection, 98% of DEET may give 10 hours of protection,” Haberman explains. That said, check the product ingredient list before reapplying (and, of course, make sure you’re doing so safely). Speaking of, Haberman details exactly how to use these handy-dandy products to achieve the best results — without harming your body, of course. “Only apply the product to exposed skin and clothing in an outdoor environment (once a day should be sufficient),” he said. “It isn’t necessary to treat covered skin if wearing long sleeves or pants; the more coverings of the body, the less application is necessary.” And, do not apply indoors. “You don’t want to breathe in the vapors,” he strongly emphasizes. “Thoroughly wash the treated areas when going back indoors and change repellent-treated clothing as to not transfer the product to couches, chairs and anything else one comes in contact with.” Per Haberman, mosquitoes are most active at dusk (depending on the species), while ticks prefer to hang out on blades of grass waiting for a host to come along and attach to. “Avoid outdoor areas when possible, but cover up and use the proper repellent products as approved for increase exposure outdoors,” he recommends. “When returning from outdoor activity, wash all exposed treated skin and check all areas of the body for ticks.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.