The irate customer charged with gunning down a hard-working Chinese food deliveryman is finally behind bars — more than a month after the shocking Queens slay, police said Thursday. Accused killer Glenn Hirsch, is now charged with murder in the cold-blooded April 30 slaying of beloved restaurant delivery worker Zhiwen Yan, according to police. Cops said at a briefing Thursday that detectives needed to build a case against Hirsch before they could haul him in. “While this case seemed simple at the onset because we did develop the suspect early on, you know, developing enough evidence to rise to the level of probable cause took some time to do,” NYPD Lt. John Russo told reporters. “Why did it take from April 30 until now when at the face it seemed we knew who he was right away? Well, you know, we want to ensure we get the right person and we have a prosecutorial case,” Russo said. Police also revealed that Hirsch was caught on surveillance footage circling the restaurant for about an hour on the night of the shooting — then followed Yan. Cops said they recovered eight guns after executing a search warrant at Hirsch’s estranged wife on Wednesday night. New details also show that Hirsch had long targeted Great Wall Chinese restaurant, where Yan worked, in a dispute over duck sauce. “We report so many times,” restaurant owner Kai Yang told The Post Thursday. “We gave the picture and everything to the police department,” Yang said. “The whole month, everybody (was) scared.” Now, he said, “everybody’s strong to support the family.” Yang said Hirsch’s beef with Great Wall began in November when he complained that he was shorted on duck sauce after picking up an order. In December, Hirsch, 51, reportedly vandalized Yang’s silver Lexus RV300 outside the eatery, causing $250 worth of damage, police sources and Yang said. On Jan. 28, Hirsch was back and allegedly walked into the restaurant, asking workers, “Do you remember me?” before flashing a gun and slashing the tires on Yang’s new car, the sources said. Yang told The Post last month that the workers, including Yan, wrestled the alleged gunman to the floor until police showed up during the gun incident. “How’s your car?” Hirsch reportedly told restaurant workers, prosecutors said. “Remember me? I will kill your entire family.” Then in April came Yan’s fatal shooting. Police said Hirsch spotted Yan on a scooter near 108th Street and 67th Drive in Forest Hills around 9:30 p.m., got out of his car and fatally shot the deliveryman. Hirsch remained on the loose until Wednesday, when police executed a warrant and arrested him at his apartment. An attorney for Hirsch denied the allegations. “I think they arrested the wrong guy,” the lawyer, Michael Horn, said. “My client had an argument with the manager over an order that was placed… He had no quarrel over any deliveryman, and he has not done anything to harm any deliveryman.” He is awaiting arraignment Thursday on murder and weapons charges. “We are all relieved that someone has been arrested,” Yan’s heartbroken widow, Eva Zhao, said in a statement released Thursday through her attorney. “We are grateful to the NYPD and have full confidence that the Queens District Attorney will bring justice to Zhiwen, a loving and kind husband, father, son, friend and community member,” the statement said. Additional reporting by Tina Moore