A pregnant Illinois woman was decapitated at her home, where her head was discovered in a dumpster — and her ex-boyfriend has been charged in the brutal murder, authorities said. Deundrea Holloway, 22, was charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the death of Liese Dodd, also 22, whose remains were found Thursday in her Alton home, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. He also was hit with two counts of intentional homicide of an unborn child, dismembering a human body, concealment of a homicide and possessing a stolen vehicle. The head of the nearly eight-months-pregnant woman was found in the dumpster outside her apartment, according to the newspaper. “What was observed, what was learned, what was found, is absolutely terrible,” Alton Police Chief Marcos Pulido said, the Post-Dispatch reported. “She was decapitated by a freaking savage monster.” Dodd’s mother, Heidi Noel, discovered the horrific scene on Bolivar Street when she went to check on her Thursday after she had not heard from the woman — who was expecting her first child, a baby girl, on July 27, according to the paper. The family had reportedly been planning a shower for the baby, whose wish list included a pink princess crib sheet. Officials have not said if the murder suspect — who Pulido said had “an on-and-off” relationship with Dodd for about two years — was the unborn baby’s father. But the grief-stricken mother told KMOV that Holloway was not the father. Noel described Dodd as a bright, loving soul with a “beautiful smile.” “She was just a bright light that cared for everyone. She had a big heart. She’d do anything for anyone. She’d go out of her way to help people,” Noel told KMOV. “She had attended college and was planning on going into the medical field. I’m a nurse, and, so, she was towing with heading in that direction,” she said. “We were planning her baby shower for the end of this month. I had just sent out invitations the prior Saturday for the baby shower. We were just excited and gathering the items you need to have a baby,” Noel continued. “She wasn’t set on a name yet. [She] said ‘my little bean.’ So, we essentially were calling the baby ‘baby bean,’” she added. Noel told KMOV that she had been checking on her daughter every day because of the tumultuous nature of her relationship with Holloway — and decided to head over to the apartment because “there was quite a time span that she hadn’t responded to me.” The suspect, who lives on South Jefferson Street in Litchfield, was arrested Thursday afternoon by Gillespie police in connection with an unrelated case — a bicycle theft 30 miles from the murder scene, the Post-Dispatch reported. Police arrested Holloway based on a description provided by the bike’s owner. The man was combative and uncooperative at the police station, where he also tried to bang his head against a wall, Gillespie Police Chief Jared DePoppe told the paper. Holloway, who refused to provide his name, was booked into jail as a “John Doe,” according to DePoppe, who said the theft suspect had no blood on his clothes or any other marks that would suggest he had been involved in a far worse crime. But jail officials soon realized the man was wanted in the brutal murder. Holloway has no convictions for assault or other violence, according to the Post-Dispatch, but he did rob a friend of cash three years ago on their way to buy marijuana, Macoupin County State’s Attorney Jordan Garrison told the paper. He was sentenced to two years’ probation and ordered to pay $900 in restitution, according to the report. Litchfield Police Chief Kenny Ryker told the outlet that the suspect had a few traffic cases in the town of about 7,000 but that police didn’t have “frequent encounters” with him. Dodd’s mother expressed relief that the accused killer has been charged. “I’m glad that he’s off the streets, and that is my big hope is that he’s no longer able to do this to anyone else,” Noel told KMOV, adding that she is planning a celebration of life for Dodd and her baby. “I truly appreciate the support, and I just wish she would’ve known how loved she was,” she told the outlet. “That she wouldn’t have ever been alone, [and] that she could’ve gotten out of this relationship and had a full life,” Noel added.