Alert! Alert! This is not a drill! The prominent Spanx brand worn by the celebrities of Oprah, Carrie Underwood, Gwyneth Paltrow and more is cutting prices on their entire sale section. We repeat, their entire sale section. That means you can take an extra 30% off on marked down gems such as the stretch twill leggings, activewear and intimates until June 27. Use the promo code SALE at checkout, or you’ll be fresh out of luck (and fresh out of dollars). Whether you’re looking for a new pair of joggers, a comfy bra, more leggings or undies, they’re included in this epic sale. We trust your shopping judgement, but if you need some guidance, we’re here to help. Below, you can find our favorite, best-selling Spanx sale finds. Are you searching for a pair of joggers that defies all seasons? Well, it’s your lucky day. These Stretch Twill Cargo Joggers are perfect for the ever-changing weather and feature a simple pull-on design. When you opt for these trousers, you also say yes to an all-over flattering look. If you rather make like a classic millenial, then opt for the skinny version of the Stretch Twill Cargo Pant. Spotlighting the same great pull-on design, these super soft pants lift and smooth all of the right places. Additionally, you can say no to muffin tops and hello to four-way stretch. Adios back lumps, painful straps and complicated closures. This is a new type of bra that defies everything you hate about those pesky, uncomfortable types. Instead, the fan-favorite Bra-llelujah! Lightly Lined Full Coverage Bra provides added support while being the softest most comfortable bra you’ll ever own. Meet the superhero in an undie: the Spanx Undie-tectable Brief. Providing you with the best rear view in town, this panty gives you an unwrinkled look under clothes and a smooth tummy thanks to its bonded waistband. Ready for the best booty lift of your life? These Spanx Booty Boost leggings feature the brand’s signature sculpting fabric and a contoured waistband. Together, they’re an unstoppable duo that have your back — er, should we say back side. Generated with built-in tummy smoothing technology, you’ll be reaching for these Jean-ish Ankle Leggings day after day. Highlighting the brand’s soft-knit fabric and interior shaping panels, you’ll be feeling ultra-comfortable and ultra-fabulous. Made with recycled SENSIL EcoCare nylon, these best-loved leggings are flattering, comfortable and, best of all, supportive. Perhaps the most innovative feature is the absence of a center seam, which means no more camel toes! Stay in charge with this tummy and booty controlling thong. The seamless design makes them the perfect everyday shaping companion while the breathable material keeps you fresh. Oh, and did we mention rolling and pinching fabric is a thing of the past with these babies? Because it is. With a sprinkle of strategically placed seams, a handful of soft suede and a whole lot of Spanx magic, these Faux Suede Leggings are a pair of must-haves. Pair them with a soft hoodie for a dressed down approach, or go all the way with a pair of heels. Let’s get lacey with these Spanx Undie-tectable Lace Hipsters. Available in a palette of pastels, these undies will have you saying oh-la-la all day long. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.