The woman behind the controversial “Libs of TikTok” Twitter account says that she has obtained internal Slack messages from Twitter employees indicating that the social media company is thinking about banning her. The “Libs of TikTok” creator, who was identified by The Washington Post as Chaya Raichik of Brooklyn, New York, published a Substack post on Monday which included screenshots of what she claims are internal chats among Twitter employees. The Slack messages, which appear to have been exchanged on Monday, purportedly show that one Twitter employee expressed frustration with management for not imposing an outright ban on “Libs of TikTok.” “Libs of TikTok” posts TikTok videos from liberals who often speak about gender identity and other hot-button issues that have become a staple of political and cultural debates. The account has amassed more than 1.2 million followers. “[L]ike I don’t get how this account, which exists solely to generate targeted violence at marginalized people, continues to be allowed to post,” one of the employees wrote. Another employee reacted: “But if we deplatform this account, we might erode trust in our platform from users who already think we’re irredeemably biased against conservatives.” The same employee added: “I mean we successfully deplatformed [former President Donald] Trump — I don’t think deplatforming Libs of TikTok is going to cause a mass exodus but I guess it may not be in our ‘fiduciary’ interest to enact a ban on a high profile account right now…” The messages were leaked by a Twitter employee who insisted on anonymity, according to Raichik. The employee was reacting to a Twitter post on Sunday by Ari Drennen, who works for Media Matters for America, a Democratic Party-aligned watchdog site that monitors conservative media. “Chaya Raichik of Libs of Tik Tok is going to get somebody killed,” Drennen wrote. She attached screenshots showing posts by “Libs of TikTok” about a public library in the San Francisco Bay Area that was hosting a “drag queen story” event for children. The other employee who advocated for the ban replied: “Trans people are being targeted for genocidal violence during pride month.” The Post has reached out to Twitter seeking comment. Later in the thread, the Twitter employee who expressed caution about banning “Libs of TikTok” apologized for appearing to downplay the perceived threat against transgender people. “I apologize — I was not speaking from my own perspective but applying a commentary on how leadership has behaved recently,” the employee wrote. “I could have phrased that better and will be more conscious in future messages.” The employee continued: “I despise and despair the activity that is currently flourishing on our platform and empowering white supremacists/fascists to act with impunity in conducting harmful emotional and physical violence on trans folx and the broader LGBTQ+ community.” In her Substack post, Raichik slams the Twitter employees for “parrot[ing] the same lines we hear from far-left activists.” “There’s no debate about whether we’re actually terrorists, bent on exterminating the entire LGBT community,” Raichik wrote. “In their view, that’s just a given…The only thing they’re willing to debate is what should be done about us.” “Do they take us out now for engaging in targeted genocidal violence, or wait for a more opportune time?” Raichik on Monday posted a screenshot of a message she received from another social media user who claimed to have sent her a pipe bomb “for literally supporting nazi bigots.” “Hi @FBI, I’m being threatened with a pipe bomb. Can you please look into this?” she tweeted in response. Raichik tweeted that she received at least a dozen death threats from other social media users. “Update: I have now received about a dozen death threats after radical leftists accused me of being a domestic terrorist extremist,” she tweeted. “Twitter has not removed any of the accounts of those who sent the threats.” Elon Musk, the Tesla CEO who has committed to acquiring the social media site for $44 billion, tweeted: “Why?” Last week, Raichik was prevented from posting on her Twitter account after users protested a tweet thread about drag shows to which young children were invited. Seth Dillon, the CEO of the right-leaning satirical news site Babylon Bee who recently announced that he had provided financial backing to Raichik, tweeted on Wednesday that Twitter locked her out. “BREAKING: Twitter just locked out @libsoftiktok for posting a thread about several recent drag shows for kids,” Dillon tweeted. “The thread allegedly violates Twitter’s rules against ‘abuse and harassment’.” “You know what’s actually abusive? Drag shows for kids.” Dillon, whose satirical site was suspended by Twitter after a news story named transgender Biden official Rachel Levine as “man of the year,” also posted a screenshot of a message sent by Twitter to “Libs of TikTok” demanding that the tweet threat be deleted. “Libs of TikTok” frequently posts tweets about drag shows in which children either participate or watch. In April, Washington Post internet culture reporter Taylor Lorenz sparked criticism when she identified the account user as Raichik, who insisted on maintaining anonymity. Supporters of Raichik accused Lorenz and the Washington Post of “doxxing” her by revealing sensitive information about her private life that could be used by opponents to harass her. In response to criticism that she targeted a private citizen who wished to remain anonymous, Lorenz tweeted that the social media user “isn’t just some average woman with a social media account” but is instead a “powerful influencer operating a massively impactful right wing media shaping discourse around LGBTQ+ rights.”