A woman, who was previously dubbed “TikTok’s biggest catfish” shared a before and after make-up snap with followers, announcing “that just aint me” to the glammed up picture. Make-up whizz Jessy Volk showed a glammed up picture of herself with perfect volume curls and dramatic eye make-up. In the next frame she cut to herself with her hair scruffily pulled back into a ponytail and no make-up on her face. And while she certainly looks amazing both with and without make-up, you can hardly tell it’s the same person. One person said: “Wow that literally isn’t you.” While another agreed: “Girl I jumped out my seat.” Jessy has a page dedicated to her incredible make-up looks, which are so good that people reckon she looks completely different. Jessy hasn’t been shy about her battle with acne either, and regularly shows her spotted face on camera. Some of Jessy’s clips have racked up millions of likes from both men and women fascinated by her enviable make-up skills. When not using her “holy grail” make-up product – which is Huda Beauty’s Faux Filter foundation – there are many steps involved in covering her break outs. One clip shows Jessy’s “bad breakout acne coverage” tutorial which sees her apply a moisturiser, primer, color corrector and a concealer all before the actual foundation. She chooses a green color correcting product which helps neutralize the redness in her skin – so it’s perfect to cover up inflames blemishes. After these steps, she will use a setting spray before applying a full-coverage powder foundation. Then she will spray her face again and go in with a thick foundation which she will reapply where needed. And let us just say that this ten-step routine looks exhausting – but on some days there’s even more involved for Jessy. Previously Jessy revealed she underwent Botox, fillers and skin treatment to look more like her “after” snaps. The TikTok beauty made the announcement on her page, writing she had “understood the assignment”. She said: “When I went viral for being the biggest catfish on TikTok. So I became a beauty influencer, got fillers, Botox and got my skin cleared.” People were stunned – with some saying she was “beautiful then and beautiful now.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.