It’s that time of year again — the shopping soirée that comes with the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. As one of the largest and most consumer-expectant events of the year, the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale 2022 is looking better than ever this year, offering shoppers the opportunity to add to their wishlists ahead of the official event (more details on when that takes place below). “The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is our biggest and most popular sale of the year,” Chris Wanlass, Vice President and General Manager of Nordstrom in NYC, told the New York Post. “Unlike clearance sales, the Anniversary Sale features brand-new arrivals from highly sought-after brands for the whole family on sale for a limited time.” Oh, and Nordstrom’s Anniversary Sale never ceases to disappoint with the deals en masse. “Customers have been known to plan their summer vacations around it,” Wanlass adds. From women’s clothing and men’s shoes to chic home items and best-selling beauty products, we’re about to join our credit cards with you and have ourselves a field day. But, there are so many other promotions happening, with baby gear and essentials being one of the retailer’s most-shopped categories. Already, Nordstrom carries some of your waitlist-inducing brands. With sustainable brands like UGG, BP., Vuori and Kiehl’s Since 1851, among others, you’re truly exposed to the crème de la crème of selections at Nordstrom. Nordstrom’s Anniversary Sale preview begins on June 29, when customers can see what’s on sale and start building their wish list online so they can check out faster when it’s their time to shop. This event is also honored in stores. “Early Access runs from July 9 through July 14 where Nordy Club cardmembers can shop the sale before anyone else,” Wanlass adds. “Select cardmembers can shop even earlier depending on their status.” The next tier, the Public Sale, is slated to run from July 15 to July 31. “It’s important to note prices go back up to regular price on August 1, so we recommend shopping early for the best selection,” he notes. For the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale 2022, we got the 411 exclusively from Nordstrom. What’s more, the retailer has simplified its approach this year to make it even easier for customers to shop. “We’re introducing more than 100 news brands this year to the sale like Westman Atelier, Farm Rio, Moccamaster, L’Agence, Naked Wardrobe, Proenza Schouler White Label, Cult Gaia and Open Edit,” Wanlass lists. “We will also have all our customers’ favorite brands too, including Nike, Zella, Olaplex, Charlotte Tilbury, Vince, Barefoot Dreams, AllSaints, Free People and more.” If you want to be ahead of the pack, don’t worry — there’s a way to have better odds at snagging that dreamy midi dress before it sells out. “Nordy Club cardmembers can shop the Anniversary Sale before anyone else during Early Access,” Wanlass explains. “They are rewarded with earlier shop dates according to their status.” Want to apply? It will take less than five minutes online, so click here to reap all the upcoming benefits. Cardmembers start at ‘Influencer’ status and can shop Early Access beginning on July 9. While specific SKUs aren’t yet announced, Wanlass teases some of the categories you should consider taking advantage of during this year’s event. “We’re all rediscovering the joys of everyday living, working and getting together again in person with friends and family, and the sale is the perfect time to shop for everything you need,” he said. “This is a once-a-year opportunity to find the latest styles, as well as some of our customers’ favorites on sale, and refresh their wardrobe, from activewear to workwear, and home.” Plus, it’s also a great time to get a jump start on kids’ back-to-school shopping. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.