Thankfully, they made the best of a crappy situation. A 4-year-old UK boy made a huge splash on social media after hilariously pooping in the display toilet at an appliance store — leaving his poor parents to clean up the mess. A Facebook post detailing the fecal faux pas currently boasts more than 26,000 shares and 16,000 reactions. “Can’t quite believe what’s happened,” the naughty tot’s mom Caroline Akhtar wrote of the scat-astrophe, which occurred Saturday morning at home supply store B&Q in Glastonbury. The mortified mother was reportedly shopping for a washing line with her partner, Aaron, along with their 4-year-old son, Jacob, and daughters Frankie, 3, and Eliza, 1. However, calamity struck after the parents turned their backs, and little Jacob sat down on one of the store’s display toilets to heed nature’s call. Upon noticing the smelly situation unfold, Carolina ran over to tell the indiscriminate defecator to “get off” in order to avert disaster, per the Facebook post. However, it was poo little poo late as by that time, as Jacob had taken a “very big poo” in the show throne. Caroline subsequently went to the car to get wet wipes and “came back to him still sat on there because he ‘needed to finish’ and hubby didn’t know what else to do.” “He was still on the toilet so I proceeded to help wipe his bum still and explain about the toilets in shops are not actual toilets,” the humiliated mother told NeedToKnow.com. After little Jacob had done his business, father Aaron was forced to fish his poop out of the toilet. Accompanying photos show little Jacob on the display toilet with his pants around his ankles as well as Aaron fishing the excrement out of the potty with a plastic bag around his hand like a dog owner. Thankfully, the store staff didn’t make a stink about it. “The young shop assistant couldn’t stop laughing but also completely ignored the situation, don’t blame the lad,” Caroline wrote on Facebook. And while initially horrified, the mad pooper’s parents have come to see the funny side of the crappy situation. “At first we were mortified but then we found it funnier and funnier,” Caroline told NeedToKnow.com. “I quick paced back to the car park to get wet wipes and nappy bags and couldn’t stop laughing then.” She added, “He said his sister, Frankie, said he could use it. Eliza was oblivious to it all and happy just playing on the toilets.” The public pooping incident spawned similar reactions on Facebook with one newfound fan writing, “This has made my day!!! Amazing.” “When you gotta go you gotta go!!” said another amused viewer, while one dryly observed, “Well at least he’s potty trained.” In September, a New York City infant redefined “baby shower” after hilariously taking a whizz while getting baptized.