An Iranian scientist who was developing top-secret missiles and drones mysteriously died after a dinner party. Ayoob Entezari reportedly returned home after the party with food poisoning symptoms and later died in the hospital. Before his death, he was allegedly working on new missiles and drones at a research and development center in the provincial capital of Yazd. According to reports, the person who had invited him to the dinner party fled the country. Other reports suggested Entezari was assassinated by Mossad, the Israeli national intelligence agency. The judicial authorities of Yazd Province, however, said Dr. Entezari was just an ordinary employee of an industrial company and died in the hospital due to “illness”. The scientist had graduated from the Sharif University of Technology in Tehran with a PhD in mechanical and aerospace engineering. Dr. Entezari died on May 31, just one day after the death of a colonel from Iran’s elite Quds Force was announced by the Islamic Republic. The official IRNA news agency said Col. Ali Esmailzadeh died during an “incident in his residence” in the city of Karaj. The unit is part of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and is responsible for overseas missions. His death was the second in the same unit in just two weeks. Back in 2020, another two members of the unit were killed, sparking fears of a possible revenge attack. Senior commander Muslim Shahdan was reportedly killed in an air strike after his car was targeted on the border of Iraq and Syria. His death followed the killing of nuclear scientist Mohsen Fakhrizadeh a few days earlier. Fakhrizadeh, a leading official in the Islamic Republic’s nuclear programme, was shot 13 times on a road to the east of Iran’s capital, Tehran. In response, Iran vowed to “strike like thunder”  after it blamed Israel for the assassination. Israel hit Iran’s nuclear sites with three major attacks involving drones and smuggled bombs, hoping to cripple Tehran’s nuke ambitions. The triple attack effort started in July 2020, when a mysterious explosion rocked the Iran Centre for Advanced Centrifuges facility at Natanz – baffling Iranian officials who would not work out how it blew up, reported the New York Post. The second operation saw the smuggling of explosives by scientists approached by Mossad. The bombs were detonated in April after Iran announced it had started to use advanced IR-5 and IR-6 centrifuges in the hall. Mossad then targeted the Iran Centrifuge Technology Company in Karaj to try to stifle the production of centrifuges and disrupt attempts to fix the Natanz site. The number of tit-for-tat attacks dramatically escalated the following year, sparking fears that the Israel-Iran “shadow war” could lead to an open conflict. At least 20 civilian ships were attacked by mines, drones and commandos in the first half of 2021 during this undeclared conflict. British armed forces veteran Adrian Underwood was killed in a kamikaze drone strike. The attack was on an oil tanker, MT Mercer Street, off Oman while it was on its way to the UAE. Suspicion immediately fell on Iran after the attack, but later the country’s state media claimed responsibility and said the attack was retaliation for an Israeli strike on Syria. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.