It was all coming towards the stick of Ryan Strome. The game-winning goal on Thursday night. The chance to put the Rangers within a game of the Stanley Cup Final. The chance to write himself a Rangers legacy ahead of hitting free agency with no guarantees about whether he’ll be back on Broadway next season. Artemi Panarin had done the brunt of the work, skating by a defender and playing a pass behind himself to Andrew Copp. Copp had played it on to Strome. Andrei Vasilevskiy was facing the other way. The net was open. Just under six minutes remained in a tie game. The puck was coming his way. And then the puck was behind him. “As you saw, Copp had a great pass,” a despondent Panarin would say later, through a translator, after a 3-1 loss to the Lightning put the Rangers within a game of elimination. “There was an empty net, and Strome just missed a little, so we didn’t realize that chance. It’s hard to say. We just couldn’t score.” All night, the Rangers’ second line, with Strome battling through injury at center, was perhaps their best. Panarin was dynamic at five-on-five, playing one of his better games of the series. They were getting chances on Vasilevskiy. None were better than this one. And minutes later, Ondrej Palat deflected Mikhail Sergachev’s shot past Igor Shesterkin, and it was the Lightning who had the lead — and with it, control of the series. “There was a few that we should’ve had the open net, and it just jumped over our stick, too,” Rangers coach Gerard Gallant said. “I thought it was a good battle late.” If the Rangers’ season ends at the hands of Tampa, two moments will stand out when they think back on this series. The first is Ryan Reaves declaring before Game 3 in Tampa that the Rangers needed to take their chance to bury them — then blowing a 2-0 lead. The second is the still image of Strome, the puck and the open Tampa Bay net. “It’s a 60-minute game,” Copp said. “There’s chances all over the ice. Doesn’t matter if it’s in the last second or the first second of the game. There’s chances to be had. “Ryan’s been unbelievable all year. Didn’t play last game. Comes back and is playing good hockey and gutting one out. So there’s chances everywhere. Whether it was the last five minutes of the game or the first five minutes of the game, it doesn’t matter. I’m not worried. He’s a great player.”