Not all glasses and sunglasses are created equal — and that’s most definitely true when polarized lenses are added to the mix. Known as the sunnies to sport for athletic use (hiking, boating and the like), most people who typically wear prescription glasses can benefit from a solid pair of polarized sunglasses. Similar to how UPF-protective clothing and sunscreen help bask off harmful UV rays, so is the case with these sunglasses, as they help control the amount of reflected light hitting your eyes. We turned to a board-certified optometrist who explained what to look for in the best polarized sunglasses and also pulled the top styles to shop for this season. Reflected light in any form can cause discomfort and reduced visual performance — specifically, acuity and decreased contrast — so these special lenses help alleviate this eye-ridden distress. “In the late 1930s, the Army commissioned the Ray-Ban Company to create a lens to protect the vision of Air Corps pilots while flying,” Michelle J. Hoff, OD, FAAO, ABOM, FNAO, associate clinical professor of optometry at the University of California Berkeley Herbert Wertheim School of Optometry and Vision Science, told the New York Post. Now, many polarized sunglasses exist on the market, including frames from GlassesUSA, RAEN and even Dick’s Sporting Goods. Many of our favorites are unisex, too. According to Hoff, polarized lenses “reduce veiling glare to enhance visual comfort, increase visual clarity and contrast and improve image quality.” What’s more, polarized sunglasses come in a few different lens colors that tap into different improvements, as Hoff explains: Before you shop, click to jump to our polarized sunglasses FAQ for more about these lenses. From the company that started the polarized sunglasses trend hands-on, Ray-Ban is offering the Erika Polarized Sunglasses for less than $200. Wonderfully, the nosepiece isn’t too thick (which is perfect for avoiding foundation makeup from transferring) and we love its simplistic, match-all design. If you’re tired of your old black shades, step up the game with RAEN’s Wiley Square Sunglasses. The pair has a handsomely crafted black-and-brown design, along with sturdy temples and sharp look. Shop one of Dick’s Sporting Goods’ top sellers: Oakley’s Holbrook Polarized Sunglasses. With a sportier look and feel, they have a coveted lightweight frame with different types of polarized lenses to choose from. Plus, they also come in a blue tone. Don’t pass up the classic aviators this season. Coach’s Polarized Sunglasses are a great score for the season. With a slim nature and gold-toned hues, they’re chic and classy (especially when paired with a designer clutch and new pair of shorts). If Audrey Hepburn and Kate Middleton had a sunglasses collab, it would look a little something like RAEN’s Norie Cat-EYe Sunglasses. Not only do they have that tortoiseshell look (that won’t go out of style, BTW), but the frames are rounded to suit any face shape. If we’re being honest, QUAY has some of the sweetest shades in its repertoire. Namely, its Sweet Dreams Polarized Sunglasses are less than $100 (in other words, add to your cart now) and its thin nosepiece band will provide lightweight support in warmer temps. Blenders Eyewear has the surfer-inspired, cool blue polarized sunglasses we’ve all been waiting for. Its Surfliner Polarized Sunglasses are budget-friendly, add a touch of vibrancy to your summertime look and look great on anyone. They’re a lovely unisex option, too. Give your eyes the clarity and protection they need without the high ticket price. Foster Grant’s Marli Polarized Sunglasses are some of our favorites on this list (and ones we recommend IRL), so pick up this moody tortoiseshell pair while you still can. If athletic polarized sunglasses are more your speed, you’ll love Nike’s Trainer Polarized Sunglasses. They’re the perfect blend of quality and affordability, too, and they’re apt for sports and basking in the sun’s rays all the same. Elevate your look tenfold with Michael Kors’ Anaheim Polarized Sunglasses. These on-trend, oversized sunglasses will look dynamite with your best bikini and cover-up this season, undeniably, and they’re conveniently on sale right now. Ahead, see more information on these types of lenses and glasses — explained by Hoff. Polarized lenses have some limitations and should only be worn in suitable conditions, according to Hoff. Specifically, they’re suitable for driving in bright sunlight, around water, snow and sand. Though great for a variety of purposes, you don’t want to wear polarized sunnies all the time. Since these lenses will interfere with LCD (liquid crystal displays), they’re not recommended for airline pilots or heavy equipment users that utilized LCD instruments or screens. “Polarized lenses make it difficult to distinguish shades of white and mask ice patches making downhill skiing and snowboarding difficult,” Hoff notes. “Polarized lenses can also cause you to see the tempering pattern on windows, say, when it looks like a grid pattern and can be distracting while driving when you see them in car windows.” As for price, polarized sunglasses typically cost up to 30% more than standard sunglass lenses. According to Hoff, polarization typically doesn’t wear off unless it is combined with photosensitive technology. If this is the case, they’re good for two to four years. “Polarized lenses are designed to reduce reflected light from flat shiny surfaces like glass, sand, snow, water and the road to increase visual comfort and a sharper image,” Hoff explains. “Polarized lenses have filters oriented perpendicular to the reflected light to absorb the intense beam of light, too.” So, the lens is tinted to absorb visible light. “Outdoor sunglasses are designed to absorb up to 85% of visible light,” she adds. “We need to let some light through for safe mobility.” They’ll likely be clearly labeled but if you want to test for polarization, orient them 90 degrees apart, per Hoff. “If the lens in question is polarized light will be totally blocked, if not light will pass through,” she notes. You can also hold the lens in question up to an LCD screen and turn it 90 degrees; if the appearance of the screen changes, the lens is polarized. Polarized lenses can be good for some sports: fishing, boating, sailing, running, cycling, mountaineering and golf, to name a few. However, use caution whenever digital displays are used in sports. “Some cycling handlebar displays are not compatible with polarization,” Hoff says. “Also, due to decreased depth perception with polarized lenses, avoid polarized sunglasses with ball sports such as baseball and tennis, and mountain bike riding.” Wearing tinted or polarized lenses at night is not recommended unless prescribed for certain ocular conditions by a qualified Eye Care Practitioner, per Hoff. Interestingly enough, “polarized sunglasses block out a significant amount of light and studies show they do not help with night driving glare,” Hoff adds. “They can actually be harmful because in low light conditions too much light is blocked reducing acuity and contrast to unsafe levels for driving.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.