The city of Uvalde is trying to avoid handing over records on the Texas school district’s embattled police chief and the botched police response to the shooting massacre — despite multiple requests from The Post and various other media outlets. Lawyers hired by the city wrote to Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton last week laying out 52 reasons why they shouldn’t have to adhere to the “numerous” requests for records under the state’s sunshine laws. The law enforcement response to the massacre that left 19 kids and two teachers dead has come under intense scrutiny after it was revealed the school district’s police chief, Pete Arredondo, didn’t immediately storm classrooms to kill the gunman. In the wake of the May 24 shooting, The Post requested all audio from 911 calls, including some made from terrified students, as the gunman stormed into Robb Elementary School. Records related to the embattled police chief were requested by other media outlets. In the letter, lawyers representing the city asked AG Paxton to rule on whether the information requested by media outlets is “excepted from disclosure under the Public Information Act.” “The City claims that the requested information is not information that is collected, assembled, or maintained under a law or ordinance or in connection with the transaction of official business by a governmental body or for a governmental body or is excepted from disclosure,” the letter, signed by attorney Cynthia Trevino, said. The AG’s office didn’t immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Arredondo has largely been blamed for the botched police response to the school massacre after he ordered law enforcement to try to negotiate with the gunman — allowing almost an hour to pass before a group, made up mostly of US Border Patrol agents,  bucked orders and stormed in. Uvalde Consolidated Independent School District Superintendent Dr. Hal Harrell refused to reveal last week whether Arredondo was still employed by the city. Arredondo has kept a low profile since the deadly shooting and has said little to the media — despite his primary role in the law enforcement response. 