The Astros finally found the big hit, and the Mets found their first three-game losing streak of the season. Neither Taijuan Walker nor Justin Verlander blinked in a classic pitcher’s duel, but Drew Smith could not escape a ninth inning in which he gave up the go-ahead home run in the Mets’ 2-0 loss to the Astros on Wednesday afternoon at Citi Field. The Mets (47-29) had not lost three straight this season previously and temporarily fell to 3 ½ games ahead of the Braves, who were set to play at Philadelphia later Wednesday. The Mets’ NL East lead had not been fewer than four games since May 2. In front of a crowd of 29,230, the Mets were shut out for the third time this season, lost to the Astros for a fourth time in four tries and were swept in the short, two-game set. Smith found the upside. “The 2015 Mets lost to the Cubs every game in the regular season and then swept them in the NLCS,” the righty said of that year’s club. which went 0-7 against the Cubs in the regular season. “So anything can happen later on in the year, and hopefully we see them again.” Smith welcomes the kind of challenge that he failed Wednesday. With a man on and two out in the top of the ninth, Smith wanted the slider he threw to catcher Jason Castro to go down and in, but it ran across the plate. And Castro — who entered the day hitting .095 with zero home runs and one RBI in 33 games this season — crushed a two-run home run to right to quiet what had been a loud crowd. “Winning Major League Baseball games is hard,” Mets manager Buck Showalter said after his team squeaked out two hits against Verlander. “[The Mets are] a little frustrated right now. You tip your hat to the opposition all the time. It’s the right thing to do, it’s a good thing to do. At the same time, we’ve beat some really good pitchers this year, too.” They barely touched the 39-year-old Verlander, who allowed just three baserunners over eight scoreless innings. The Mets’ problems to start this brief skid involved situational hitting; they went 2-for-22 with runners in scoring position in the first two losses. On Wednesday, the issue was hitting in totality, though they are not alone. Verlander sliced his ERA to 2.03. Walker was equally as dominant through 7 ¹/₃ scoreless innings before Edwin Diaz came in. Used early against the top of the Astros’ lineup, Diaz allowed two batters to reach base, but struck out Yordan Alvarez and Alex Bregman to get out of the inning. It took him 14 pitches, however, which Showalter said was too many pitches for Diaz to return for the ninth. Two games after Adam Ottavino allowed a game-winning home run to the Marlins, it was Smith’s turn to be victimized. “That’s what you want as a reliever — you want to be in those high-leverage spots,” said Smith, who had not been scored upon in his previous six games. “Unfortunately, I didn’t do my job this time, but looking forward to more opportunities in those situations.” The bats were more to blame than the bullpen, though. The Mets’ first batter of the game, Brandon Nimmo, lined a first-pitch double to left-center and eventually was stranded on third. The Mets did not have another hit until a swinging bunt from Ender Inciarte with two outs in the fifth. It would be their last. The defense behind Verlander was top notch, too, though one of the best plays was also the scariest moment of the game. In the bottom of the eighth, three Astros converged on Dominic Smith’s shallow fly to left-center. Shortstop Jeremy Peña made the running catch, but was immediately upended by left fielder Alvarez, who himself went down as Peña’s arm hit his face. They both hit the grass hard and stayed there for several moments, with Peña getting up first. Alvarez remained, not moving, on the grass for several minutes before rising to his feet The Astros’ best hitter — and among the best in all of baseball — was then carted off the field and replaced by Chas McCormick. Mauricio Dubon subbed in for Peña. The Astros did not provide immediate updates on either, though Alvarez was seen walking around the clubhouse. After the long pause, Verlander got Inciarte to fly out and, on his 101st pitch, struck out Tomas Nido. There was no shaking him. “They got a good pitcher over there,” said Walker, whose own ERA is down to 2.72. “I mean, he’s a Hall of Famer.”