MIAMI — David Peterson was on baby alert heading into a second straight start Sunday, but the waiting game continued. What also continued for the soon-to-be father: His effectiveness on the mound for the Mets. The left-hander lasted a season-high seven innings and allowed two earned runs in his team’s 3-2 loss to the Marlins on Nick Fortes’ walk-off homer in the ninth against Adam Ottavino. “I was able to get contact early in at-bats, get some quick ground balls to help the pitch count,” Peterson said. “I felt I had a good feel for every pitch. I was able to throw some curveballs in there, my slider was normal, my fastball felt good and I had better command of the changeup.” Peterson pitched 5 ¹/₃ scoreless innings in his previous start, Monday against the Marlins at Citi Field, and has helped keep the rotation afloat with Jacob deGrom, Max Scherzer and Tylor Megill on the injured list. “I feel like I’m in a good spot physically and mentally,” Peterson said. As for the impending arrival of his son at home in Denver, Peterson said: “We’re close. I am definitely on call and we’re very close.” Scherzer’s second minor league rehab appearance — he will again pitch for Double-A Binghamton — is scheduled for Tuesday in Hartford, Conn. The right-hander threw 65 pitches for Binghamton last week, and there was discussion about him rejoining the Mets for Sunday, but Scherzer and team brass opted for another minor league appearance as he rehabs from a strained left oblique. Jeff McNeil’s return to the starting lineup should occur Tuesday, according to manager Buck Showalter. The Mets utilityman has been sidelined since last Monday, when he departed the game with right hamstring tightness. Showalter indicated the artificial turf in the Marlins’ ballpark might have kept McNeil from returning over the weekend. Carlos Carrasco, Taijuan Walker and Chris Bassitt are the Mets’ scheduled starting pitchers for the next three games. Off days Monday and Thursday are allowing Showalter to skip No. 5 starter Trevor Williams in the rotation.