Which bottom will come out on top? The contestants for the annual Miss BumBum contest have been announced, with 27 Brazilian beauties battling it out for the title of best buttocks in the country. The competition — which began back in 2011 — has become a huge event in Brazil, with each winner going on to become a household name and securing close to $22,000 in official endorsement deals. Last year’s champion, Nathy Kihara, 35, made international news after she insured her bountiful backside for more than $1.2 million following her win. The finals are set to take place in São Paulo in August, with competitors ready to report for booty duty and parade their pert posteriors on national TV. No butts about it — this year’s competitors appear to be the most diverse group yet, with entrants ranging from a truck driver to a transgender woman who was turned away from the contestant back in 2019. Below are some of the eye-catching competitors — and pictures of their most prized assets. Fitness model and dancer Maya Dhuryal is one of the favorites in this year’s Miss BumBum contest. The tattooed brunette boasts one of the biggest Instagram followings among the entrants, with a whopping 200,000 fans fawning over her steamy photos. Dhuryal — who now lives in London — has a 100cm circumference butt, which she proudly flaunts on her social media profile. Transgender contestant Thaynna Dantas wanted to enter Miss BumBum back in 2019, but was turned away. Now, with the pageant showing signs of progress, the stunner has been named one of the 27 finalists. Dantas has a 115cm butt, which she isn’t afraid to show off to her 457,000 Instagram followers. Kim Kardashian may have the most famous posterior in the world — but this beauty has a booty to match. Luma Kardashian is so frequently mistaken as the reality star that she decided to make her last name the same. Kardashian — who has a 104cm butt — has 11,200 followers on Instagram, but that number is no doubt likely to soar now that she’s been named as a finalist for Miss BumBum. Although she’s not related to Brazilian supermodel Adriana Lima, Anne Lima certainly shares that stunner’s good looks. The blond bombshell’s eye-popping 108cm butt is set to turn heads at the pageant in August. Competitive dancer Carolina Medeiros is set to reveal her 103cm butt on stage at the São Paulo show in August. However, her 15,400 Instagram followers get more than a sneak peek, thanks to her saucy social media shots in which she parades her posterior. The beauty frequently shares short videos showing how she tones her incredible bottom, seen squatting in the gym and working out on a Stairmaster. Carolina Lekker has already graced the cover of Playboy Africa, but she’s eager to be crowned this year’s MissBumBum to boot. The stunner — who is now based in Barcelona — boasts a whopping 461,000 Instagram fans. Lekker has been encouraging her followers to vote for her in the posterior pageant, claiming her 96cm butt is the best of the lot. Juli Figueiró is a truck driver from the state of Rio Grande do Sul in the south of the country. And while most people may not imagine many in her profession to be glamorous, the gorgeous blond hopes to shatter stereotypes. When she’s not behind the wheel working, Figueiró flaunts her 114cm butt on Instagram. Monique Reis is taking to the stage to show off her sexy 100cm butt at the pageant. Clearly not shy, the stunning redhead is already well known in her home state of Ceará. The cheeky model is ready to represent the region but is getting in some practice but parading her posterior on social media. Day Reis has both brains and beauty. The Biomedical student is juggling her studies with a burgeoning modeling career and hopes the Miss BumBum pageant can make her a household name. The stunner will parade her 101cm posterior at the pageant, and there’s no doubt her classmates  — and a fair share of male viewers — will be cheering her on accordingly. Influencer Denise Rocha frequently does paid partnerships on her Instagram page, seen promoting products while wearing barely-there underwear. It puts her in good stead for the upcoming pageant, where she’ll be wearing a skimpy thong to show off her 100cm posterior for viewers. LARISSA MAXIMIANO Model Larissa Maximiano is also in competition with her 100cm butt, which she showcases on Instagram in several sultry mirror selfies. The beauty boasts multiple tattoos on her arms and chest, but her posterior is without inking — unlike many other competitors in the pageant who’ve chosen to cover their booty with body art. Livia Nayara already works two jobs, juggling her modeling career with her full-time gig as a businesswoman. Still, the savvy starlet — who boasts a 104 cm butt — found the time to enter this year’s Miss BumBum contest. Judges were no doubt pleased with her entry photos, naming her as one of the competition’s 27 finalists. Model Kaszila Katrine has one of the biggest bottoms in the competition, measuring 110cm in circumference. The beauty’s booty is just one of her many assets, with 30,900 Instagram followers also fawning over her incredible model looks. Vicência Nascimento is taking her 95cm toosh to São Paulo this summer for the Miss BumBum finals. The model, who is representing the northern Brazilian state of Amapá — is hoping to grow her Instagram following when she appears on national television. Model Laysa Padovani courts attention with her flaming red hair — but her bountiful butt also manages to turn heads. Padovani’s posterior measures 115cm, and the curvy beauty can’t wait to show off the enormous asset at the August pageant. Day Chedre will be reporting for booty duty at the Miss BumBum finals. The tattooed stunner is giving audiences a sneak peek at what to expect during the competition on her Instagram. Chedre often shares belfies — otherwise known as “butt selfies” — with her 50,800 followers. 