The reshuffling of the Nets’ coaching staff is continuing, with the expected hiring of Mavericks assistant coach Igor Kokoskov to serve as an assistant to Steve Nash. The pair have a long-standing relationship from their days together on Mike D’Antoni’s “Seven Seconds Or Less” team with the Suns. Nash had tried to hire Kokoskov when he took over the Nets in 2020 and, two years later, is finally set to get his man. The news was first reported by Marc Stein on Substack. Kokoskov has a reputation for player development, which is something Nets general manager Sean Marks stated last month his team must get back to. Kokoskov, a Serbian, also won an NBA title as a Pistons assistant in 2004. The 50-year-old Kokoskov will be not only an experienced sounding board for Nash, but also a trusted one. He has three decades of pro coaching experience in the NBA and abroad, and was an assistant in Phoenix from 2008-2013, with Nash the star point guard for the first four of those five campaigns. In addition to Nash, Kokoskov is familiar with Kyrie Irving from having spent the 2013-14 season as an assistant with the Cavaliers. After assistant stints with Orlando and Utah, he took the head-coaching post for Slovenia and guided them to an upset win in the 2017 FIBA EuroBasket championship, with Luka Doncic and Nets free agent guard Goran Dragic. Kokoskov parlayed that into a return to Phoenix in 2018. Already having been the first European-born assistant in the NBA (with the Clippers from 2000-03), his lone season running the Suns made him the first head coach in the league born and raised outside of North America. From 2019-21, he coached the Serbian National Team (with current Nets stash pick Nikola Milutinov), and he spent last season reunited with Doncic in Dallas. Now, he seems set for a reunion with Nash (and Irving) in Brooklyn. Much has been made about the Nets losing former assistant Ime Udoka to Boston last offseason, and how their disappointing season ended at the hands of Udoka’s Celtics, who beat the Warriors in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night. Development coach Amar’e Stoudemire (who was with Nash and Kososkov in Phoenix) has already left the Nets’ staff. Assistants David Vanterpool and Adam Harrington — who doubles as director of player development — are expected to follow, leaving more vacancies on the staff. It is unclear if Steve Clifford — a former head coach with both Charlotte and Orlando — will return as a consultant. He interviewed and was a finalist for the Kings job. Former Hornets head coach James Borrego is on the open market, and has been linked with the Nets by NetsDaily.