The Boston Celtics posted a comeback for the ages in Game 1 of the NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors. Game 2 is set to be another rendition of must-see television. With a game of data under our belts to add to the equation, let’s take a look at the best bets for Game 2 on Sunday, with odds from BetMGM. If the oddsmakers are going to continue to set very gettable lines for Andrew Wiggins, who has been electric throughout these playoffs, then I’m going to keep betting on them. Wiggins is coming off a 20-point performance in Game 1 of this series on 8 of 15 shooting and 2 of 7 from distance — only 28.5 percent shooting from 3-point range. He has scored at least 16 points in 10 of the last 12 games, and 17 or more points in eight of them. He plays nearly the entire game in most games, is an integral part of the Warriors offense, and has done it all season. Wiggins is shooting 39.3 percent on 3-pointers this season, meaning his 2-for-7 outing last game was below the norm. He can score in a variety of ways, sees the opportunities and sees the minutes. There’s no reason not to bet this line. Game 1 was a rollercoaster for Stephen Curry. In the first quarter alone, Curry was the hottest shooter on the planet, pouring in 21 points on 78 percent shooting and 6 of 8 from 3-point range. He then scored zero points in the second quarter, then added nine points in the third quarter and only four points in the fourth quarter to finish with 34. Before Game 1, Curry had eight or more assists in the previous three games. Before that, Curry had five or fewer in four straight. His assists seem to essentially be a decision for him. Following a loss, Curry tends to be more of an active shooter. According to ESPN, Curry averages 3.3 shots per assist in games following a loss in the playoffs, a rate almost 11 percent higher than his rate in all other playoff games. Curry tends to come out swinging when his team needs him. I would expect him to be an even more aggressive shooter in Game 2, especially if the Boston defense continues to give him the space that they did in Game 1.