Watch what you post. Savvy? Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee are coming under fire over a tweet that celebrated actor Johnny Depp’s win in his defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard. A Virginia jury on Wednesday awarded Depp more than $10 million in damages after they found that Heard damaged his career with her claims of domestic abuse. Ultimately, the jury found that Heard was also defamed by one of Depp’s lawyers, who had accused the actress of plotting a hoax. Heard was awarded $2 million in damages. While both of the Hollywood stars “won” their case, the official House Judiciary GOP Twitter account celebrated Depp’s victory by posting a gif of the actor in one of his most famous roles — Captain Jack Sparrow from the “Pirates of the Caribbean” series. The tweet immediately received backlash from both sides of the political divide, with many calling it “gross,” “weird” and “bizarre.” Most of the criticism focused on why members of Congress were weighing in on a legal case that stemmed from a bitter divorce. “Is there a single enterprise or institution that can stay in its lane?” asked author and Commentary magazine associate editor Noah Rothman on a Twitter thread. “Besides being gratuitous and dismissive of the mixed verdict, this cultural/legal event has nothing to do with the House, Republicans, or the Judiciary Committee. Is there one social team in the business that can focus on its remit?” he asked. “[W]eird for an arm of a major political party to take any sort of victory lap in a scenario involving a shattered marriage,” tweeted Becket Adams, program director for the conservative National Journalism Center. “Me, for years now: The MAGA crap has led to an influx of meme-bros who don’t know anything about crafting policy or moving legislation. The House GOP Judiciary Committee:,” Dispatch editor-in-chief Jonah Goldberg tweeted while sharing the House Judiciary GOP’s post. “At best this is bizarre. It strikes me as very unseemly,” frowned Washington Examiner columnist Tim Carney. Ray Reed, a Democratic congressional candidate from Missouri, suggested House Republicans had other issues of more pressing importance. “19 kids were shot dead at school a week ago. Go do your jobs,” he tweeted, referring to the recent mass shooting in Uvalde, Texas. Other users pointed out that Depp did not come away from the trial completely unscathed. “GOP comes out in favor of someone just found liable for $2 million in defamation claim,” lawyer Bradley Moss wrote. Meanwhile, lawyer and political commentator AJ Delgado highlighted Depp’s previous criticism of former Republican President Donald Trump. “Someone tell these morons Depp hates Trump so much he joked about killing him. He isn’t your guy and prob would cringe at this,” she tweeted. The post was still up as of Thursday afternoon.