Jordan Peterson has reportedly been suspended from Twitter following a post about transgender actor Elliot Page that violated the platform’s rules “against hateful conduct.” Screenshots posted online show the tweet in question from the Canadian clinical psychologist’s account, which reads: “Remember when pride was a sin? And Ellen Page just had her breasts removed by a criminal physician.” Page came out as transgender in 2020, announcing he would now be known as Elliot. Peterson, 60, is guilty of “deadnaming” the 25-year-old “Umbrella Academy” star, a source close to the Oscar-nominated actor told The Post. Peterson, who joined the staff of conservative podcast outlet Daily Wire on Thursday, is infamous for his anti-trans stance. He once claimed on Joe Rogan’s podcast that being transgender is a result of a “contagion” and similar to “satanic ritual abuse.” Conservative political commentator Dave Rubin posted screenshots of the removed tweet online, writing, “The insanity continues at Twitter,” and claiming that Peterson “just told me he will ‘never’ delete the tweet. Paging @elonmusk.” Peterson’s daughter, Mikhaila, also posted screenshots of the tweets online, taking aim at Twitter and Elon Musk, who has been working to acquire the social media platform. “Wow. @jordanbpeterson got a twitter strike. No more twitter until he deletes the tweet. Definitely not a free speech platform at the moment @elonmusk,” she wrote. The Post has reached out to Twitter reps for comment. This is the latest in a string of beefs the 60-year-old has had with the little blue bird social media platform. In May, Peterson boldly announced he was “quitting” the platform after he was called out for shaming Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue model Yumi Nu, writing of the plus-size poser’s cover debut: “Sorry. Not beautiful. And no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that.” Meanwhile, Twitter has a history of booting individuals and even entire organizations, including the Babylon Bee, off the platform for not respecting trans people’s identities, Fox News reported. A majority of Americans believe a person’s gender cannot be changed, according to a new poll released this week, which underscores the public’s complicated view of transgender issues. The Pew Research Center survey found that 60% of adults say “a person’s gender is determined by their sex assigned at birth.” That’s a four-point increase from the previous year — 56% in 2021 — and a six-point spike from 54% in 2017. “No single demographic group is driving this change, and patterns in who is more likely to say this is similar to what they were in past years,” according to the research team. The poll also found that 86% of Republicans and those leaning right believe gender is determined by the sex assigned at birth, compared to 38% of Democrats and those leaning more left. However, the survey stated that 64 percent of respondents would support legislation to protect transgender people from discrimination in jobs, housing, and public spaces. And it noted that “roughly eight-in-ten U.S. adults say there is at least some discrimination against transgender people in our society.”