Deshaun Watson’s legal situation has the Browns in a precarious situation so close to training camp, according to Cleveland running back Kareem Hunt. “Yeah, it’s definitely stressful for them,” Hunt said on Wednesday, per Cleveland.com.  Wednesday also marked the second day of Watson’s  disciplinary hearing with the NFL over multiple sexual assault allegations against him. “It’s tough because they’re trying to figure out what pieces they’ve got for the season and what plays they want to put in,” Hunt said. “There’s different plays for Deshaun and [backup] Jacoby [Brissett], different playbook, different things we can do at quarterback.” Last week, Watson’s attorney announced that the former Texans quarterback agreed to settle 20 of the 24 civil lawsuits filed against him by massage therapists alleging sexual misconduct. Watson has maintained his innocence since the allegations were first made public in March 2021. The NFL, meanwhile, is seeking at least a one-year suspension, according to the Associated Press. “I mean, I really don’t know too much about the whole situation,” said Hunt, adding that he’s focused on himself and feeling 100 percent after suffering calf and ankle injuries last season. “If he misses it, it’s a next-man-up mentality. I’m going to be ready to play, and I know the rest of the team is still going to be ready to play. We didn’t have Deshaun last year or the years before. “We do [talk about it], but we’re more worried about ourselves. It’s a business, man, that’s the biggest thing. You’ve got to worry about yourself, because if you don’t you could not be here.” Hunt said he hasn’t spoken to Watson about the process of waiting for a league suspension. The Pro Bowl running back was cut by the Chiefs and given an eight-game suspension in 2018 after video of him assaulting a woman in a Cleveland hotel as published by TMZ. “Yeah, we talked a little bit, for sure,” Hunt said. “I’m going to keep it between us, but, yeah. It’s a lot, so I just wish him the best, tell him to keep his head up and hopefully things work out.” The Browns’ acquisition of Watson — in March they traded with the Texans for the quarterback, then inked him to a fully-guaranteed deal worth $230 million — resulted in Baker Mayfield requesting a trade. Mayfield, who was drafted first overall by Cleveland in 2018, said he believes both sides are “ready to move on” while discussing his situation this week at his youth camp in Norman, Okla. He didn’t close the door on playing for Cleveland in the event that Watson is suspended for the entire season, though. “Nah, I think for that to happen there would have to be some reaching out,” Mayfield said, referring to Browns brass. “I talked to him a month or two ago,” Hunt said of Mayfield, who remains on the Browns roster but was excused from the team’s mandatory minicamp earlier this month. “He’s doing good. He was saying he’s healed up pretty nice from the [shoulder] surgery he had. He’s good now.”