An overwhelmed cop desperately called for assistance at the scene of the migrant death truck horror in Texas  — saying he had “too many bodies” to deal with, according to a report Thursday. The disturbing request came as San Antonio cops were using police radios amid the search for the driver of the tractor-trailer, the San Antonio Express-News said. “I have too many bodies here,” the unidentified officer reportedly said. Cops initially estimated that 20 migrants had died in the sweltering trailer on Monday, according to recordings obtained by Express-News. But authorities later counted 48 dead at the scene, with five more later dying later, pushing the toll to 53. During the search for driver Homero Zamorano, who was reportedly “very high on meth” at the time, one cop broadcast his description, according to recordings obtained by the Express-News. “Heavy-set Hispanic male. He may be wearing a brown shirt,” the cop said. Another cop reportedly said the driver might have a teardrop tattooed on his face and a bunny tattooed on his neck, and he was later reportedly described as wearing a striped shirt. According to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday, Zamorano was identified through a distinctive black shirt with stripes and a hat that matched a surveillance recording made at an immigration checkpoint he allegedly passed through earlier. A sickening photo posted online Wednesday allegedly shows Zamorano grinning as he leaned out of the driver’s side of the 18-wheeler at a Border Patrol checkpoint in Encinal, Texas, about 120 miles south of San Antonio. An alleged accomplice, Christian Martinez, 28, told authorities that Zamorano was unaware an air-conditioning unit in the trailer had stopped working, the Express-News said, citing court papers filed against Martinez, who could also face the death penalty. The documents include alleged text messages between Zamorano and Martinez, including one from 6:17 p.m. — shortly after the dead migrants were discovered — in which Martinez allegedly used code to ask Zamorano, “Where you at?” “Wya, bro,” the message allegedly said.