New York City public schools announced more than a dozen new superintendents in the system’s 45 districts Monday — a major shake-up of the upper ranks that was met with mixed reactions from parents, teachers and advocates. All 45 district bosses were asked to reapply for their positions under the contentious process to expand the role, giving superintendents more authority in overseeing city schools. “I have heard repeatedly from parents that they feel unheard, unwelcome and under-appreciated by those in leadership,” said Schools Chancellor David Banks. “To address these challenges and implement bold solutions, we set out to build a team of superintendents who are empowered in ways that they have not been in years.” The slate included at least 12 newly assigned superintendents, as well as two who swapped districts and about 30 familiar faces who retained their positions. About 130 internal and external candidates applied for superintendent roles, according to the Department of Education. “I want a one-stop shop,” Banks said of the reimagined job. “I want to make this New York City public schools, a more parent-friendly experience. And a parent knows when in doubt, all I have to do is go to my superintendent’s office, I should be able to get all my questions answered there.” “The superintendent’s job is a different job — it’s a much bigger job,” he added. The hiring process was supposed to involve parent and teacher engagement, though The Post reported not all candidates made it to that round — including a popular incumbent and 40-year veteran Superintendent Philip Composto from District 30 in Queens. After outcry from thousands of parents and teachers, the DOE reversed course, inviting all incumbents to participate in the community engagement stage of the interview. Those town halls ran throughout the spring as parents and teachers asked questions of the district finalists. Composto was ultimately re-selected for his position. Parents in his district were “elated and relieved and surprised … in the best way possible,” said Deborah Alexander, a member of the parent-led Community Education Council 30. Other district heads were not so lucky. Two long-standing educators — Manhattan High School Superintendent Vivian Orlen, who oversaw the district including LaGuardia High School amid controversial changes,  and District 79 Superintendent Robert Zweig — were replaced on Monday with temporary administrators. “I made a determination in several districts that I was not satisfied with either of the (finalist) candidates,” said Banks. “A couple of those were existing superintendents, who did not make their case strong enough to my satisfaction.” Michael Friedman, a teacher in District 79, whose programs range from incarcerated students on Rikers Island to students earning their GEDs, lost its superintendent who spent most of his 40-year career in its schools. “He is beloved by all constituents in the program for his knowledge, vision and humanity,” said Friedman, who’s also been in the district for almost 30 years. “I am very worried about the future of this district.” A petition in support of Zweig reached more than 1,200 signatures this spring — yet, the DOE instead went with an acting superintendent who did not go through the town hall process and its students and teachers do not yet know. “That is not community input,” said Friedman. “It is a sham.” District 15 Superintendent Anita Skop in Brooklyn was also replaced by a new district leader, after a local elementary school was embroiled in a recent controversy over a progressive student mural that was torn down. “Anita’s subsequent openness, grace, and hard work towards transparency is a master class in leadership and building community trust,” said Elton Ueoka Dodson, executive director of the Mural Justice Project. “We have lost that now.” The group was involved in advocating for the superintendent to stay in her position, including, a letter-writing campaign that generated more than 3,000 signatories. Meanwhile, some advocates were frustrated with the DOE scheduling the announcement on the last school day of the year, at a time when many parents were picking up their children. “So much for one of the famous four pillars of the Chancellor,” said Ellen McHugh, who co-heads the parent-led Citywide Council on Special Education. “Things might be getting a bit wobbly.” The DOE has repeatedly cited family engagement as one of its “pillars,” or top priorities for the school system. “Parent leaders and parents are always the last ones to find out anything that is going on in within the DOE in regards to our students,” said Andrea Daniels, the president of the District 75 President’s Council, serving kids with disabilities. “I am really tired of this,” she added. “The Chancellor and F.A.C.E (Family and Community Empowerment) are always saying that they want parental involvement, but it’s only when it suits them.” Mayor Eric Adams threw his support behind the new superintendent slate on Monday. “We’re going to expect them to change the culture of these communities that have surrendered to our school system,” Adams said. “We have brought together a group of 45 believers.”