The raddest, baddest dad America ever had will soon be honored with his very own Netflix special. Premiering Friday, “Dirty Daddy: The Bob Saget Tribute” will feature the late comedian’s famous friends and family celebrating his legacy in the most joking — and yet touching — ways possible. Saget’s widow Kelly Rizzo-Saget, his daughters Lara and Aubrey and “Full House” castmates John Stamos, Dave Coulier and Candace Cameron Bure will all appear in the special, which was filmed on Jan. 30 at The Comedy Store in West Hollywood. “Keep it short,” comedian Jim Carrey jokes to Rizzo-Saget when it’s her time to speak in a trailer released on Wednesday. The star-studded bill also includes Tim Allen, Mike Binder, Jackson Browne, Dave Chappelle, Darren Criss, Seth Green, Michael Keaton, Jon Lovitz, John Mayer, Chris Rock, Paul Rodriguez, Jeff Ross and Mike Young. “I hope everybody here either had Bob as a friend … or someday has a friend like Bob,” Ross said. “Welcome to the Bob superspreader,” Ross continued as an allusion to the coronavirus pandemic. “We’re comin’ to see ya, Bob,” responded Carrey, looking up to the heavens with a fake cough. Binder even joked that the “How I Met Your Mother” narrator once told him he was going to donate his penis to science. “And actually, last week, Kelly got a letter,” Binder said in the trailer. “And it said, ‘Dear Mrs. Saget, we think you could do better.'” But it will be more than just laughs, as famous friend Carey saluted him: “You created a cathedral of f–king love, Bob Saget.” In March, the comedian appeared on “Dystopia Tonight With John Poveromo” to promote the special, revealing that he’d pitched the idea to use footage of January’s memorial to Netflix. “It was a magical night,” Binder said on the podcast. “And we filmed it. And I showed it to Netflix. I said, ‘Look at this! Just look at 16 minutes of this.’ And Robbie Craw, the head of comedy at Netflix, he just said, ‘This is remarkable.’ And they bought it as a special. “It’s just an amazing special,” he added. “Music — Jackson Brown and John Mayer play this song, a version of ‘These Days,’ together that’s just beautiful. And then everybody gets up and sings, ‘A Dog Licked My Balls,’ which was Bob’s closing song.” In a newly released interview conducted just before his death, Saget reiterated the love he and his friends had for each other. “[Age] 60 hit me very hard, but a friend of mine threw a big party for me that I didn’t expect it to be. It was Stamos,” he said on Radio Rahim’s “Til This Day” podcast. “I found out how much love that I had given to receive so much love from people. “It’s like ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ when George Bailey, James Stewart, that’s a movie, everybody … an angel takes him through his life and shows him what would’ve happened had he not existed,” Saget said of Frank Capra’s 1946 classic. “And I know for a fact that I have helped people. I know that I have given a lot of love to people because I have a lot.” Saget died unexpectedly on Jan. 9 of head trauma inside a hotel room in Orlando, Florida, where was on a stand-up comedy tour. He was 65.