A director for a Swiss banking titan was quietly canned after he allegedly assaulted a waiter during a bizarre brawl at a Koreatown restaurant, sources told The Post. The incident at Shanghai Mong unfolded when Roman Cambell, a media and info services director for Credit Suisse, whose US headquarters is in NoMad, apparently stumbled into the West 32nd Street eatery in the wee hours of June 4 to use the bathroom, according to owner Jane Yi. When Yi said the bathroom was only for customers, Cambell allegedly became belligerent,  refusing to leave and recording her on his cellphone, she said. “I treated him nicely, but then he became crazy,” she claimed. Security footage provided to The Post and shared on Instagram appears to show Cambell trying to take Yi’s phone, allegedly tossing a server’s checkbook to the ground, and wrestling with a waiter before smacking him across the head and pulling his hair. The waiter, Jose Morales, is seen pushing Cambell toward the door, before Cambell slugged him in the face, the footage shows. The punches left him bleeding from his forehead, Yi said. The incident also cost the restaurant business, its owners said. “When you see the video, there are 10 people walking in behind him,” said Yi’s husband, Tora. “They are my friends. They’re my customers, and they all left without ordering. Who wants to come into a restaurant when something like that is happening?” Cambell was fired from the financial giant after employers saw the Instagram video, a source familiar with the matter said. “ Credit Suisse is aware of the allegations circulating over social media, which occurred off property and are unrelated to Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse maintains and adheres to a policy condemning discrimination, bullying or violence of any kind,” the company said in a statement. Morales, who’s worked at Shanghai Mong for six years and speaks little English, is still shaken by the melee, his bosses said. “He’s traumatized,” Tora, said. “He’s afraid to serve anyone who’s been drinking now.” The NYPD said it was investigating the incident. No arrests have been made. Cambell, a Columbia University grad who has since removed his Linkedin profile, denied wrongdoing and claimed he was provoked after the waiter sprained his thumb.