After being dragged by disability advocates on social media on Monday, Lizzo has responded to her use of an “ableist” lyric. Her statement comes after social media users nearly canceled her for the lyric: “Do you see this s- -t? I’m a sp-z.” “It’s been brought to my attention that there are [sic] is a harmful word in my song ‘GRRRLS,'” the “Truth Hurts” songstress wrote on Twitter. “Let me make one thing clear: I never want to promote derogatory language. As a fat black woman in America, I’ve had many hurtful words used against me so I understand the power words can have (whether intentionally or in my case, unintentionally.) “I’m proud to say there’s a new version of girls with a lyric change. This is the result of me listening and taking action,” she continued. “As an influential artist I’m dedicated to being part of the challenge change I’ve been waiting to see in the world.” “Sp-z” is a common American colloquialism for the term “spastic,” which means something much more offensive in the UK, as Lizzo most likely learned the hard way. In the US, “sp-z” is commonly used as slang to indicate “going crazy” or “freaking out.” However, in the UK, the word is considered a highly offensive epithet aimed to disparage people living with cerebral palsy — a congenital disorder of movement, muscle tone or posture caused by abnormal brain development during gestation. Earlier in the day, fans had deemed it “About Damn Time” the curvy singer opted for a different lyric. “Lizzo’s use of ableist slurs is completely irresponsible, coming from someone with Tourette Syndrome. To improve this matter, the music video must have her making, then eating a cheese sandwich,” one Twitter user said. “This is the only way she will win my personal forgiveness,” “Hey @lizzo my disability Cerebral Palsy is literally classified as Spastic Diplegia (where spasticity refers to unending painful tightness in my legs) your new song makes me pretty angry + sad. ‘Sp-z’ doesn’t mean freaked out or crazy,” another blaster had written. “It’s an ableist slur. It’s 2022. Do better.”