It’s time to free the nip. A-list babes are ditching lingerie as part of the latest fashion statement, in which baring some – or a lot – of cleavage becomes trendy once again. Julia Fox, Dua Lipa and Kristen Stewart are amongst the ladies bearing it all for the paparazzi recently, being snapped while living fully liberated. They’re opting for plunging necklines, barely there crop tops, unbuttoned suit jackets and even totally sheer numbers, stripping down as the season heats up. They may be following actress Gillian Anderson’s lead, who last year vowed to never wear a bra again. “I don’t care if my breasts reach my belly button. I’m not wearing a bra, it’s just too f – – king uncomfortable,” the “Sex Education” actress said in an Instagram Live clip. Despite celebrities’ gung-ho attitudes towards ditching brassieres, women with bigger chests have declared the trend a bust. “For those of us who are a tad bit bigger it is actually MORE comfortable to wear a bra (as much as I hate to admit it),” wrote one woman on Twitter in response to Anderson’s comments. Some fashion enthusiasts praise the extra support, with one writing she’s in favor of bras due to her E-cup chest. “[My] body requires some extra reinforcement here and there,” Charlotte Dallison wrote for Fashion Journal. Other writers have noticed women with larger-sized breasts are often left out entirely as idealized fashion trends are more suitable for the itty-bitty committee. “A perfect example is Jacquemus‘ micro cardigan top that had celebrities in a chokehold,” writes Gigi Fong for HypeBae. “The top became controversial because it didn’t provide any support for breasts, making it exclusive to women with smaller chests.” But even a few well-endowed celebrities are leaving the underwire at home, leaving onlookers wondering: Won’t they sag? We’ve all heard the tale that bras supposedly ward off sagging with age, but the theory isn’t backed by experts. “Wearing a bra doesn’t affect the risk of breast sagging, or what is called ‘breast ptosis,’ ” breast health specialist Cassann Blake, MD, told the Cleveland Clinic, adding that bras won’t change the shape either. “It’s OK to do whatever is comfortable for you. If not wearing a bra feels good to you, that’s fine,” said Blake. “If you feel that some support is needed, then maybe a bralette or a wire-free bra would be a happy medium at home. It all depends on what you’re comfortable with.” She also assured that wearing a bra or opting not to wouldn’t impact breast-cancer risks – so a little extra cleavage won’t kill anyone.