This summer, get ready for the snowflakes to melt. New Netflix reality series “Snowflake Mountain” features a group of delicate, immature 20-somethings who party hard, can’t hold down jobs and still live with their parents. These “snowflakes” — which the show defines as young people who are “overly emotional, easily offended and dramatic” — are sent into the wilderness, in an effort to push them into growing up. The show premieres Wednesday, June 22, and culminates in an outstanding cast member snagging $50,000. “I am very dramatic. People say, ‘Why do you have to always be on [Level] 10?’ But I don’t feel like I’m spoiled,” contestant Deandra Joseph, 24,  told The Post. “But to other people, I can see why they’d say that,” said the Brooklyn-based makeup artist, who lives with her parents and has trouble holding down a job. “I feel like I work hard for my stuff. But I understand the term [snowflake].” On the show, Deandra is joined by a group of equally hapless Zoomers, including Solomon, 26, who is “funemployed” — in other words, bankrolled by his wealthy parents — and spends $500 a week on grooming. There’s also Randy, 23, a wannabe pro wrestler who coasts off his family’s money and complains on the show, “I hate walking. I try to avoid it at all costs. I don’t even know if I’ve walked up a hill before.” Before the competition kicked off, the snowflakes were told that they were headed to a luxury resort for an all-expenses-paid party with other like-minded 20-somethings. Instead, when they arrived in England’s Lake District, they learned they were actually going to rough it in the wilderness. “They bamboozled me!” said Deandra. “When I got out of the van and saw that I was in the mountains, I could have cried. And then we had to pick limited items to bring – I had four suitcases, and I had to pick one. I was so sad [without] my makeup. I could be butt naked, and I would have been A-OK, but . . . I just take so much pride in looking a certain way. I know most people are like, ‘Girl, that’s not important.’ But as long as my nose is contoured, I’m OK.” Her breaking point on the show? Waking up with a creepy-crawly snuggle buddy. “They had me in a little tent, and I woke up to a spider on my face,” Deandra said. “I still have PTSD, I’m still crying. On my face? That’s just so rude.” The snowflakes go through various challenges, such as swimming out to the middle of a freezing lake to get food from a floating raft. They’re ordered around by Joel Graves, a former navy officer, and Matt Tate, a former army combat engineer. “I thought that they were supermean,” said Deandra. “I struggle with listening to authority — that’s been my whole life. I’m not a fan of rules. If somebody tells me not to do something, I’m going to purposefully do it, and then take a picture.” Devon Smith, a New York-based vegan party girl who loves looking at herself in the mirror and is failing out of college, was also shocked by the show’s true premise. “I was like, ‘Oh my God, it’s going to be the new “Jersey Shore,” ‘ ” the 20-year-old told The Post of why she signed up. “I was packing bathing suits and corsets and heels and minidresses. I was not prepared.” Her breaking point came when she couldn’t complete a challenge that involved chopping a piece of plywood. “I was just bawling my eyes out for hours,” she said. “I cried all day and all night. I cried myself to sleep that night. I was the only person who couldn’t do it, so I felt useless and stupid. A 1-inch piece of wood was my enemy on the show.” Despite how tough the experience was, Devon and Deandra both say that they feel like it did help them grow. “It humbled me, for a fact,” said Deandra. “It made me feel more prepared for any situation. You could stick me in the wilderness right now, and I’ve got you. Bring me some hay and twigs, and we’ve got a fire!” “It did push me on my feet to be more of an adult,” said Devon. “I learned it’s OK to fail. Sometimes, you just need to bask in your failure.”