If you’re on the hunt for a luxury gift without the price tag, you’ve come to the right place. For a limited-time, Nordstrom Rack is hosting 20% off select styles for designer-fledged brands, including Kate Spade New York, Ted Baker London, Steve Madden and more. Whether you’re on the hunt for your next sworn-in summertime dress or are looking for the most comfortable heels ever (including on-trend clear heels), the racks-on-racks retailer has you covered. Ahead, we pulled our 12 favorite styles from the current Nordstrom Rack’s Sale. So get comfortable — pull out your credit cards, peruse the shopping pages and pat yourself on the back for saving the big bucks on these big brands. Quick shop! Click to visit some Nordstrom Rack’s shopping pages: women’s clothing, women’s shoes, handbags. Trend alert: designer sunglasses. Pick up Kate Spade New York’s beautiful, exaggerated-border frames to soak in the sun’s rays all summer long. They’re thick, durable and look great with any outfit — whether it’s a bikini or a cut-out dress. How adorable is this fuschia card case from Ted Baker London? For just $20, it makes a lovely gift (perhaps for a birthday, graduation or simply for yourself) and we love its compact size that makes it easy to toss in your work tote. If you’re looking for a new pair of jeans, Joe’s has you covered. Its High-Rise Ankle Skinny Jeans are in a beautiful light-wash, come in various sizes and won’t let you down when worn with your best white sneakers. OK, we found the cutest summertime heels and we’re adding them to our wishlists ASAP. For $40 off, snag Steve Madden’s Prema Braided Sandal. The chunky, ornate straps will instantly complete your linen pants look, especially, and the shoes come in other colors to shop. Nike for less than $50? Yes, please! We’re all about the brand’s Dri-Fit Swoosh Mid-Rise 7/8 Running Tights. Not only are they equipped for any type of workout — from treadmill runs to reps on your rowing machine), but they’re great with an on-sale sports bra. We’re swooning over Ted Baker London’s Naaommi Nylon Backpack in this rich brown color. With comfortable straps and a minimalist edge, it’s the perfect carry-on for work commutes or weekend brunch alike. Floral dresses are all the rage, so snag ASTR the Label’s Square Neck Midi Dress while you still can. It’s less than $60, looks dynamite with your trusty nude heels and the brand itself is one of our go-to’s for cocktail dresses. Green is in style, and we’re pretty sure this warm weather-ready sage bag won’t ever go out. As a leading designer brand at Nordstrom Rack, Marc Jacobs has a waitlist-inducing leather bag that comes in a variety of colors with stunning hardware (for less than $175, run). If you love tippy-tops, you’ll love Steve Madden’s hottest offering yet: the Candie Heeled Platform Sandal. Well-priced under $100, the coastal flair and simplistic detailing make it one to wear with white dresses and your favorite paperbag shorts. Flouncy blouses for work (or an outing with friends) is simply the move, so add Ted Baker London’s Sanjaa Floral Ruffle Cotton Blouse to your shopping cart. Its feminine floral pattern — topped with just over $100 in savings — is calling your name. How adorable are Steve Madden’s Gaines Platform Sneakers? They’re your favorite all-white sneaker with a twist; the black back and chunky lace-up design is one for the photos. BlankNYC’s Linen Blend Romper is just $50 right now, and we’re super excited about it. To cater to the big moment linen is having right now (see our roundups to the best linen dresses and linen pants for more), this seamless toss-on is just what you need for any occasion this season. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.