There are so many ways to make a waffle, and there’s probably one out there that’s perfect for you. Whether you’re a fan of the simple things or like it sweet, there’s a waffle out there for you. It might have a slab of butter and a touch of syrup or a mound of cinnamon, sugar, and delicate slices of fruit. We’ve found three of the most exciting waffle recipes on Tiktok, and you absolutely have to check them out. Tiktok user wild.minds dropped a stunning classic waffle recipe that produces fluffy restaurant-worthy waffles. This is a long way from just using a mix. Everything from the perfect batter pour down to the sifted powdered sugar looks incredible here. For the sweet-tooths, this churro waffle from user mxriyum is a real temptation. Even better (or worse if you’re trying to resist), is it’s easy to make. The recipe only strays from a standard waffle at the very end when @mxriyum coats the waffles in liquid butter, then coats them in a cinnamon sugar blend and serves with chocolate sauce. Serve it with a fresh cup of tea for a truly indulgent morning. This is another classic waffle recipe, but this time the result is huge! @flakeysalt emphatically runs through the simple steps to make your own belgian waffle, and the fluffy decadent result looks incredible. If you got hungry watching all that and feel like making your own waffles, there’s only one thing you need. The AICOOK Smart Pro Belgian Waffle Maker, 5 Different Programs, Silver is a professional-grade waffle maker that can be your doorway into a delicious breakfast. What makes this waffle maker stand out isn’t just the sturdy look. It comes with precision browning control so you don’t have to guess when your waffle has that perfect outer crisp around a fluffy interior. You can choose between presents for Belgian, classic, chocolate, and buttermilk waffles along with seven individual browning levels for full waffle customization. Browning isn’t the only thing this waffle maker has going for it. It comes with a double heating element so your waffle is cooked evenly on top and bottom. The non-stick baking plates are easy to clean, and there’s even a high rim to protect against batter overflow. If you do over-batter, there’s a channel that catches the excess dough. One of these mornings, wake up and enjoy one of Tiktok’s most exciting waffle recipes. Get the AICOOK Smart Pro Belgian Waffle Maker, 5 Different Programs, Silver on sale for $145.99 (Reg. $199) and indulge in a tasty breakfast. Prices subject to change.