Tired of wishing she had smaller boobs, a woman took matters into her own hands and started a fashion brand that provides garments for busty women. The woman, whose clothing company is known as PerfectDD, turned to social media to detail her struggle with large breasts and reveal the responses she gets when she tells people about her brand’s vision. The entrepreneur’s clothing line is specifically designed for small to midsize women who wear a DD+ bra size and up, ranging all the way to an M cup. In a humorous TikTok skit that has been viewed over seven million times, she shared the general attitude people have when she tells them about her business. “Me telling people I started a clothing line for women with big boobs,” the text overlay of the businesswoman’s video read. It featured a series of stock images, all highlighting quotes she often hears in response to her dedication to catering to larger-chested women. “Is that ‘really’ a problem?” one said. “You’re not even that big!” slammed another. “So you sell bras?” questioned a third. “Oh, you’re in the plus-size business,” came another condescending one. “Wait what? You have my attention,” a final comment said, alluding to creepy men. And, in a previous video, the woman shared the sadness she felt at a young age as a result of not having a small chest. “I wish my boobs were smaller,” she wrote, signing it off as her past self. The business-savvy woman has since learned to embrace and celebrate her DD+ breasts. Women in her comments section who shared the same struggle described their own experiences and showed support for the brand. “Thank you! Sincerely, a woman who has to wear oversized shirts to fit them,” one wrote. “Omg. You’re an angel! Can’t wait to look at your stuff,” another gushed. “Button-down shirts are always a problem,” a third added. “Yes! I was just talking about this. I just need shirts or dresses that are bigger up top and not the whole thing.” “It is a problem because I have to either get everything altered or just not get it.” “My perfect clothing brand.” “You’re doing god’s work,” a final user praised. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.