It’s wedding season; do you have all your gifts together? As you wrap up the final details of your big day, here’s a great idea for a gift for your beloved bridesmaids! The WineSafe: 4 Piece Wine Set is a really useful favor, plus it could be great for your next outdoor shindig, whether it be a barbecue, a beach day, or just a backyard get-together. This handy set provides everything you and your bride tribe need to enjoy a bottle of wine on the go. And it comes in three colors — rose gold, sterling silver, or matte black — for just $34 for a limited time. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IoxmpJLSFQ?feature=oembed&w=525&h=295%5D Want to enjoy a nice bottle of wine anywhere? The WineSafe: 4 Piece Wine set provides a topper, base, koozie, and stopper so you can conveniently transport wine in your cooler or backpack all summer long. A WineSafe topper and base will make sure your unfinished wine bottles stay safe, while the koozie preserves the temperature of your wine for up to three hours, which is much needed during these warmer months. The Silicone O-ring saves you from messy leaks and lets you transport your wine with no spilling, no matter what your adventures hold. Drop your cooler upside down? No problem! Kids knock over your backpack? No issue there either! There’s also a wine stopper that maintains the integrity of wine labels in your coolers. And you can rest assured all these pieces are BPA-free and made from Polypropylene (#5) plastic… the same safe plastic used to make baby bottles. All you have to do is zip up your wine bottle in the koozie, pop the stopper on top, cover your wine, and go have some fun. The WineSafe does the rest. And you might recognize it from being featured on Shark Tank, Good Morning America and the Florida Insider Fishing Report. Let the WineSafe: 4 Piece Set keep the wine flowing at all your outdoor events this summer. Give it as an ideal bridesmaids gift or grab it for yourself in your choice of rose gold, sterling silver, or matte black for just $34 now. Prices subject to change.