For the first two months of the season, it looked like it would be smooth sailing for the New York Mets in the National League East. That isn’t the case anymore as a dip in form from the Metropolitans coincided with a 22-5 stretch from the Atlanta Braves, and all of a sudden we’ve got ourselves a race. The Braves will look to keep pace with the Mets and close out their red-hot June in style against the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night. While the Braves are certainly trending up as a team, the same can’t be said of Ian Anderson. The 24-year-old’s overall numbers aren’t pretty — he’s pitched to a 4.60 ERA, 1.45 WHIP and has walked 36 batters in 74.1 innings — but it’s Anderson’s recent form that is most worrying. Over his last three starts, Anderson has allowed eight runs on 15 hits and 10 walks in just 14.2 innings. The Phillies aren’t a great team at drawing walks, but they aren’t a bad one either, and with Anderson all over the place it would be surprising if the Phils don’t show quite a bit of patience against the Braves. Making matters worse for Anderson is he will be going up against a genuine Cy Young candidate at Citizens Bank Park on Friday night. Aaron Nola’s 4-5 record may not seem all that noteworthy, but everything below the surface certainly pops off the page. Nola’s logged a 2.98 ERA and 0.90 WHIP in 96.2 innings this season and his 2.69 xERA and 2.88 xFIP suggest that his surface-level stats don’t do him justice. And while Anderson is struggling with his control this season, Nola is absolutely thriving. The LSU product is walking just 1.21 batters per 9 innings and his 3.5 BB% puts him in the 97th percentile league-wide.   The Phillies are still clawing their way back into the playoff mix and things took a turn for the worse with Bryce Harper’s thumb injury, but the pitching mismatch makes them playable on Friday night. And with Anderson struggling to find the plate and Nola pitching like a Cy Young candidate, there’s decent blow-out potential in this one, so taking a shot on the runline (or even an alt line like -2.5) are attractive wagers. Phillies -1.5 (+145) — BetMGM