Russia targeted Ukraine’s capital city Sunday in its first new airstrikes on Kyiv in weeks — in apparent defiance of G7 Summit leaders as they met to try to tighten the screws on the Kremlin. A member of the Ukrainian parliament, Oleksiy Goncharenko, said on the Telegram messaging app that 14 missiles rained down on the Kyiv region in the wee hours — the first such attacks since June 5. Preliminary reports indicated that one person was killed and four injured, according to the general prosecutor’s office. Emergency workers battled fires and rescued civilians, including a 7-year-old girl, from rubble in the aftermath, Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko said. The former pro boxer-turned-politician said two residential buildings were hit by Russian forces. A nearby kindergarten was also damaged. Video posted to Twitter showed a giant crater in the school’s courtyard right next to playground equipment for pint-sized children. The rescued 7-year-old was rushed to the hospital with “moderate blast injuries,” according to the Ohmatdyt National Children’s Specialized Hospital, which is treating her. “The girl had numerous wounds, bruises and abrasions,” the hospital said in a Facebook post Sunday. “The child went through the surgery, now she is in stable condition. Her life is not in danger.” In other video posted to social media, multiple first responders carried the girl to safety on a stretcher from the badly damaged building. One first responders was seen holding the young girl’s hand as she brought to an emergency transport. Two other explosions were heard in Kyiv, but it was not clear if there were any casualties or the cause behind them. In Cherkasy southeast of Kyiv, one person was killed and five injured from two Russian strikes, regional Gov. Ihor Taburets said. A Ukraine air-force rep said Russian planes over the Caspian Sea fired cruise missiles. Klitschko told journalists he believed that the assault was “maybe a symbolic attack” ahead of a NATO summit in Madrid. But the Russian offensive also wasn’t lost on world leaders gathered Sunday in the Bavarian Alps for the international summit. President Biden decried the latest round of attacks by warmonger Russian President Vladimir Putin. “It’s more of their barbarism,” he said in Germany at the start of the Summit. The US president told other G7 allies Sunday to “stay together” as the group moved to ban Russian gold imports. Russian troops have been strengthening their control of the final Ukrainian stronghold in the eastern Luhansk region, taking over the city of Sievierodonetsk on Saturday. The city is home to a chemical plant where hundreds of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians had been taking cover. The plant is now in the hands of the Russians, Ukrainian officials said. Russian Defense Ministry rep Igor Konashenkov said Saturday that Russia and its separatist forces controlled Sievierodonetsk and the villages surrounding it. Ukraine officials confirmed that Sievierodonetsk was lost to Russian forces. Russia also was hitting the adjacent city of Lysychansk with intense airstrikes, including knocking out a television station and damaging a bridge, Luhansk Gov. Serkiy Haidai said Sunday. “There’s very much destruction — Lysychansk is almost unrecognizable,” he said on Facebook. If Russia captures Lysychansk, it would give the invading country every major settlement in the province as the Kremlin attempts to take all of the Donbas region. Russia also has launched dozens of missiles on areas a far distance from the eastern battlegrounds. Some of the attacks were from long-range bombers based in Belarus, a first since the Russia invaded Ukraine in February, Ukraine’s air command said. With Post wires