President Biden marked Pride Month Wednesday by ordering federal agencies to craft “inclusive” school and foster-parent policies — while slamming states he accused of trying to curb medical options for transgender minors. Biden struggled to say LGBTQI+ — saying “LGBTQL, I, excuse me, plus” — at the White House event that was so crowded that he encouraged attendees to “just sort of lean against one another” in lieu of sitting down. “I don’t have to tell you about the ultra-MAGA agenda attacking families and our freedoms — 300 discriminatory bills introduced in states across this country,” Biden said. “In Texas, knocking on front doors to harass and investigate parents who are raising transgender children. In Florida, going after Mickey Mouse, for God’s sake.“ Biden was referring to Texas GOP Gov. Greg Abbott urging authorities to investigate the parents of transgender minors for possible child abuse and to a Florida law that restricts the teaching of sexual orientation and gender identity concepts in kindergarden through third grade — over Disney’s objections. Critics of Florida’s law have dubbed it the “Don’t Say Gay” bill, but Republicans such as Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis say it has been mischaracterized. The order charges the Department of Health and Human Services with “working with States on expanding access to gender-affirming care”— though it was not immediately clear if the agency would directly challenge GOP-led state governments that are pursuing restrictions. Biden’s order also instructed the Federal Trade Commission to examine whether the phrase “conversion therapy” amounts to deceptive marketing and an order to HHS to draft a “Bill of Rights for LGBTQ+ Older Adults.” Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, the first Senate-confirmed openly gay Cabinet member and the second openly gay Cabinet-level official after the Trump administration’s acting National Intelligence Director Ric Grenell, attended the event but was not asked to speak. The likely effects of Biden’s new executive order are unclear, since so many of the items are vaguely delegated to federal agencies. For example, the Education Department is directed to “establish a Working Group on LGBTQI+ Students and Families, which shall lead an initiative to address discrimination against LGBTQI+ students and strengthen supports for LGBTQI+ students and families.” HHS, meanwhile, is told to “promote equity and inclusion for LGBTQI+ foster and adoptive parents in their interactions with the child welfare system.” The Supreme Court last year unanimously ruled that Philadelphia violated the First Amendment by refusing to renew a contract with Catholic Social Services over its refusal on religious grounds to serve gay and lesbian foster parents. In recent weeks, Biden has warned that a leaked Supreme Court ruling knocking down federal abortion rights could threaten the largely court-established right to same-sex marriage and even lead to the segregation of gay students in schools. Justice Samuel Alito’s leaked draft opinion specifically says, however, that “abortion is fundamentally different” from issues like marriage and contraception. The Supreme Court in 2003 struck down state laws against consensual same-sex sodomy. Justices in 2013 struck down a federal ban on recognizing state-issued same-sex marriages and in 2015 established a right to same-sex marriage in all 50 states. Biden himself has a mixed record on gay and transgender rights. In 1994, then-Sen. Biden voted for an amendment that would have barred schools from using federal funds “for the promotion of homosexuality as a positive lifestyle alternative.” Also in the 1990s, Biden was one of 32 Senate Democrats who voted to federally ban same-sex marriage. He also backed the legislation that imposed the military’s since-repealed “Don’t ask, don’t tell” policy. As vice president, Biden in 2012 said he was “absolutely comfortable” with same-sex marriage — a remark widely seen as inspiring then-President Barack Obama to abandon his opposition to gays and lesbians marrying. Biden last year repealed former President Donald Trump’s transgender military ban. Gallup survey data released in February found that about 0.7% of Americans are transgender. Another 1.5% are gay, 1% are lesbian and 4% said they are bisexual.