Sometimes it’s best to keep quiet. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were seen shushing young royals at the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations on Thursday. The couple — who notoriously quit royal life back in January 2020 — have returned to the UK for their first joint public appearance since they trashed the royal family in an infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey 14 months ago. Meghan, 40, was seen playfully placing a finger to her lips inside Buckingham Palace, telling the Queen’s great-granddaughters Savannah Phillips, 11, Isla Phillips, 10, Mia Tindall, 8 and Lena Tindall, 3, to stay silent. Harry, 37, was soon pictured making the exact same gesture. Meanwhile, the couple were later photographed chatting with the Queen’s cousin Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent. Markle went all put for her highly-anticipated royal return, wearing an off-the-shoulder dress and an eye-catching sunhat complete with a giant bow. However, the LA native was noticeably not invited to watch a military flyover event on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Instead, senior members of the royal family — including the Queen, Prince Charles, Prince William and Kate Middleton — greeted an adoring public from the balcony for the photo op. It’s a potentially awkward family reunion for Markle and Harry, who likely haven’t seen many members of the family since their TV tell-all with Oprah. During that sensational sit-down, the aggrieved couple leveled accusations of racism at one unnamed member of the royal family, saying there were “concerns about how dark” their son Archie’s skin would be. Meanwhile, Markle claimed she was silenced by employees of the family and claimed sister-in-law Kate made her cry during a tiff about wedding outfits ahead of her wedding to Harry. It’s unclear whether the two women have had any contact since the bombshell interview. Meanwhile, Harry’s relationship with older brother Prince William has soured since he left the UK to live in California, with the pair now reportedly estranged. The couple’s relationship with the Queen, however, seems more amiable. Markle and Harry returned to London to specifically celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee — a four-day festivity that marks the monarch’s 70 years on the throne. The pair are also expected to celebrate their daughter Lilibet’s 1st birthday Saturday on Saturday with the Queen. The visit will mark the first time the sovereign has been able to meet her great-granddaughter, who is named after her.