Bryson DeChambeau is the latest big-name golfer to be dumped by a sponsor after ditching the PGA Tour for the controversial Saudi-backed LIV Golf Series after DeChambeau committed to the breakaway league on Wednesday. A day later, Rocket Mortgage ended its sponsorship deal with DeChambeau, per the Detroit News. The move comes two years after his victory at the Rocket Mortgage Classic in Detroit. The 28-year-old DeChambeau, who also won the 2020 U.S. Open at Winged Foot that same year, is expected to tee it up in LIV Golf’s next event in Portland, Ore., at the end of the month. “Rocket Mortgage has been a long-time supporter of the PGA Tour, both through our role as an official partner and as a tournament host,” Rocket Mortgage spokesman Aaron Emerson said in a statement. “The Rocket Mortgage Classic has quickly become a fixture on the Tour, with players coming to Detroit to compete, while also raising crucial funds to help bridge the digital divide in our city. Our partnership with the PGA Tour extends to several prominent golfers, including Bryson DeChambeau, as ambassadors of the Rocket Mortgage brand. As has been widely reported, Bryson elected to join the LIV Golf Series. “Effective immediately, Rocket Mortgage has ended its sponsorship agreement with Bryson. We wish him well in his future success.” The news also comes after RBC, the title sponsor of this week’s Canadian Open on the PGA Tour, recently cut ties with Dustin Johnson and Graeme McDowell after both bolted for LIV Golf as well. Phil Mickelson, who joined Johnson and McDowell outside London as the first tournament of the new league teed off on Thursday, also lost several sponsors in the wake of his disparaging remarks about the PGA Tour and his involvement with the league. Mickelson referred to the Saudi contingent that is financing the circuit “scary motherf—ers” and admitted that they were using golf to sportswash the country’s human rights atrocities. Earlier on Thursday, a day after The Post reported the PGA Tour would be issuing suspensions for players involved in the rival circuit, the tour dropped the hammer, suspending Mickelson, Johnson and 15 more of its players who are teeing it up this week outside London.