Steph Curry carried the weight of doubters’ words all throughout his way to winning a fourth NBA title. The star point guard — who won his first Finals MVP after the Warriors beat the Celtics  103-90 on Thursday night — called out “some talking heads” that said he would win “zero” championships in the next four years. “And the fact that when we started this season, the conversations about who we were as a team and what we were capable of, I clearly remember some experts and talking heads putting up the big zero of how many championships we would have going forward because of everything that we went through,” Curry said after Game 6. Curry was seemingly referring to ESPN NBA analyst Kendrick Perkins and former NFL cornerback Domonique Foxworth holding up zeros on “First Take” last August, when the pair predicted Curry would not win another ring in the next four years. “So we hear all that, and you carry it all and you try to maintain your purpose, not let it distract you, but you carry that weight and to get here, it all comes out. It’s special.” During “NBA Today” Thursday afternoon, Perkins said that he expected “absolutely nothing” from Curry in Game 6. “I don’t expect this game to be close,” said Perkins, who won a title with the Celtics in 2008. “Boston is going to win this game in great fashion because, listen, you think you were mad when Kyrie [Irving] stomped on Lucky. Just imagine if he’s getting drowned in champagne, ok? That is something you don’t want. Boston is winning. Steph Curry has no effect. I don’t expect nothing out of Steph.” After the Warriors beat the Celtics in six games to win their fourth title in eight years – with Curry dropping 34 points, 7 rebounds and 7 assists en route to winning NBA Finals MVP – Perkins and Foxworth addressed Curry’s call-out. “One, I appreciate them watching,” Perkins said on the ESPN morning show, “Get Up” Friday morning. “But listen it’s OK. You have to accept it. Players use this as motivation.” Perkins said the situation reminded him of when Rasheed Wallace doubted the former big man and the Celtics when they won a championship in 2008 against the Lakers. “[Curry’s] resume is longer than the Chick-Fil-A line,” Perkins added. “Pound for pound he’s the most conditioned athlete in the NBA right now… He finished in great fashion last night.” Curry wasn’t the only one to call out Perkins after the Celtics’ Game 6 victory. Draymond Green, while recording a post-championship episode of his podcast, ripped the former NBA player while praising J.J. Redick and C.J. McCollum for their media efforts. “You got fools like Kendrick Perkins come dressing like a clown, come up here in a jail suit, and then you leave the game early tonight,” Green said. “Stand on your word, brother! You gotta stand on that. One thing’s for certain, I’m going to stand on mine.” Curry — drafted 7th overall out of Davidson in 2009 — now has four championships, two NBA MVP awards, and eight All-Star selections in his 13th year. On Thursday, he became the first-ever Bill Russell NBA Finals MVP. Curry’s longtime teammate, Andre Iguodala, declared him “the best point guard of all time” after Game 6.