Brad Johnson, the actor who appeared on “Melrose Place” and in Steven Spielberg’s film “Always,” has passed away. He was 62. Johnson died from COVID-19 complications on Feb. 18 in Fort Worth, Texas. His rep, Linda McAlister, confirmed the news of his death to the Hollywood Reporter. “Although he was taken too early, he lived life to the fullest and taught his children to do the same,” his family said in a statement. “Brad greatly enjoyed improving and enhancing land, in a way that maintained and respected its natural beauty,” the statement continued. “He always felt most at home outdoors, and his passion for the land made that evident. As much as he loved cowboying, hunting and land, Brad loved nothing more than his family.” His family members also remembered him as “a true renaissance man” in the obituary dedicated to the soap opera star. “He was not only interested in all life had to offer, but was gifted in it as well,” they remembered. “Although he was taken too early, he lived life to the fullest. He was larger than life. Brad was loved by many and loved people back, a genuine friend, trusted colleague, and a dedicated husband and father, he will never be forgotten, and his legacy will go on.” Johnson is survived by his wife of 35 years, Laurie, his eldest son, Shane, his daughters Bellamy, Rachel, Eliana, Eden, Rebekah, Annabeth, and his youngest son, William. He also earned notoriety as a Calvin Klein model before coming to Hollywood and starred in several cigarette ads as a Marlboro Man. In 1989, he caught the attention of director Spielberg and starred in his romantic fantasy drama “Always” alongside Holly Hunter and Richard Dreyfuss. On Fox’s hit ’90s drama “Melrose Place,” Johnson scored an iconic recurring role as Dr. Dominick O’Malley. Johnson was born in October 1959 in Tucson, Arizona, to a horse-trainer father and had a passion for the great outdoors. Johnson later became involved in a professional rodeo circuit in 1984 and was scouted by a casting director, in search of cowboys for a new beer commercial, while he wrestled steers in Wyoming. Other credits that Johnson had to his name include “Soldier of Fortune, Inc.,” “Riverworld,” “CSI,” “Dallas,” “The Birds II: Land’s End” and “Rough Riders.” Johnson also constructed a hunting lodge in New Mexico and had a strong interest in restoring Winchester Model 1886 rifles. He lived in picturesque towns in North Texas and in the mountains of Colorado during the course of his career.