Billie Eilish dropped a new song onstage during her concert in Manchester, England, Tuesday that referenced the Johnny Depp and Amber Heard defamation trial. The 20-year-old and her brother Finneas debuted the previously unreleased track “TV,” at the AO Arena, according to Entertainment Tonight Canada. “We haven’t played a new song live before it’s out since 2017 or 2018,” Eilish said to the audience. “This is one we just wrote and we just wanted to play for you.” The “Bad Guy” crooner sang the slow ballad while Finneas, 24, harmonized the lyrics: “What’s the point of anything / All of my friends are missing again / That’s what happens when you fall in love.” The song also mentioned Eilish’s recent breakup with Matthew Tyler Vorce as well as the court case. “The internet’s gone wild watching movie stars on trial / While they’re overturning Roe v. Wade,” Eilish sang. Finneas also softly and slowly strummed his guitar during the song. The songwriter will also be hitting cities in the United Kingdom such as London, Birmingham and Glasgow on her tour through June 16. Depp, 59, was awarded $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages in a trial verdict reached on June 1. The “Dark Shadows” actor sued Heard, 36, for allegedly defaming him and claiming abuse in an op-ed she wrote in 2018. The “Stepfather” actress countersued her ex-husband and the jury awarded her $2 million in compensatory damages but nothing in punitive damages. Depp released a statement at the time of his win and felt he had his “life back” after the contentious court case’s conclusion. “False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me,” he said. “And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled,” he continued. “My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought.”