It was just one at-bat, one well-hit drive, but it sure did feel good for Joey Gallo. Struggling for much of the season, the maligned outfielder hit a key two-run homer in the Yankees’ 5-4, 10-inning win over the Tigers on Sunday in The Bronx to complete a three-game sweep and a perfect 6-0 homestand. “That was kind of a big home run and it got us a little momentum. Obviously, it feels nice to just help the team and come through,” he said. “I feel like I haven’t helped the team too much at the plate lately, so that felt good coming into the dugout and feeling like I contributed.” Batting ninth, Gallo blasted a 383-foot bomb at 104.7 mph on a 3-1 fastball from Tigers starter Rony Garcia in the fifth inning to eliminate a two-run deficit. It was his first homer since May 15 and his sixth of the season. Gallo, who later struck out with the bases loaded in the seventh inning, has hit safely in five of his last eight games, although he still has a .176/.277/.324 ling with a .601 OPS. He has tried to simplify his approach lately. Manager Aaron Boone called it “quieting some stuff down.” “Hitting is a lot about confidence and feel at the plate,” Gallo said. “Just trying to take my ‘A’ swing and swing at strikes essentially.” Zack Britton is happy with the progress he is making in his road back from Tommy John surgery and is expecting to pitch for the Yankees at some point this season, Boone said. The left-handed reliever threw a bullpen session on Friday, but his road to a return remains a long one. Britton will throw a series of bullpen sessions prior to facing live hitters. He underwent the major elbow operation last September. “I talked to Brit yesterday after his first bullpen and he was really encouraged again, like he’s been most of the rehab,” Boone said of the two-time All-Star. “He’s been kind of encouraged every step of the way. He’s been doing a lot of work down there with the performance science department and he thinks some of the things he’s doing down there will help him not only with his arm care, but just being more efficient as he works his way back. I know he’s really encouraged about where he’s at.” Jonathan Loaisiga will throw for the first time on Monday since going on the 15-day injured list on May 25 with right shoulder discomfort. Jameson Taillon will start the opener of the Twins series on Tuesday, followed by Nestor Cortes and Gerrit Cole. The Twins will counter with a pair of former AL East pitchers, Chris Archer and Dylan Bundy, in the final two games of the series. They have yet to name a starter for the first game.