Moving into a new home or apartment is a big deal. You’ve picked up everything you own and taken it to a whole new space. Now, you’re on your own and are left to figure out all of the pressing questions that come with moving, such as “Where is the best coffee shop?” and “Did I forget to pack laundry detergent?” Your moving days are possibly long behind you, or perhaps they’re up ahead. Or maybe, someone you know and love is starting their own journey. If that’s the case, it’s always a good idea to show your support with a thoughtful housewarming gift. Maybe you’ll save the day by sending a pack of cutlery for their kitchen or even make their day by sending a bouquet of flowers. Below, we outline the best house warming gift ideas for men, women and couples. Options include gift baskets, personalized gifts, luxury finds, practical necessities, traditional options and unique presents. If you’re still stuck, you can always opt for a gift card. A kitchen must-have, this KitchenAid stand mixer is at the center of culinary delights. The mixer comes fully loaded with multiple hub-powered attachments and allows cooks to make homemade pasta, spiralize zucchini and so much more. Bakers will also fawn over its quick mixing capabilities. Best of all, you can choose from an array of colors to match their kitchen perfectly. With up to 60 minutes of run time, this powerful vacuum was designed for homes with pets. This way, they’ll never have to worry about shedding, as this model comes with three various power modes and features the latest hair de-tangling technology. Congratulations are in order, and you can show your good wishes with a celebratory wine and food basket. This basket comes with popcorn, sausage, cheese, honey mustard, crackers and so much more. And let’s face it, they probably haven’t had time to go grocery shopping yet, so this is ideal. Available in a rainbow of colors, the Our Place Always Pan is a kitchen staple. It’s by far one of the best kitchen cookware pieces out there, as it combines just about every type of pan into one. So do them a favor and buy this ASAP. Whether you are congratulating a newly wed couple or a family’s new home, this personalized doormat will add a heartfelt touch to their new space. But what we love most about it is the low price and Amazon shipping. Everyone needs a good set of towels — and the truth is, no one ever really splurges on towels for themselves. So here’s your chance to gift them something they will use and love time and time and again. For $20, you can’t beat this gift. This classic Crockpot includes three cook settings, dishwasher-safe materials, a minimalist aesthetic and a matte color. If they are moving out of state, let them take a little piece of home with them. These Homesick candles feature distinctive scents from each state, which floods any space with nostalgia and memories. Moving is already stressful, so give them the gift of ease with a Hello Fresh meal kit subscription. With this subscription, delicious ingredients and recipes will be sent straight to the door, so they can kiss grocery shopping and stress away! A cheese board will come in handy way more than you think it would. A dinner party? Bring out the cheese board. Having family over for the holidays? Reach for the cheese board again! Adorn their home with lovely illustrated classics. In this set of books, you can find “Heidi,” “A Little Princess,” “Little Women” and “Anne Of Green Gables.” If you know their furniture and home style, opt for a tufted rug sure to elevate any room. This option comes in blue, pink or yellow and varies in sizes. Deliver flowers straight to their home with Urban Stems. We love this Double The Unicorn flowery delivery bouquet because of its rich colors, but you can opt for anything that speaks to the person you love. A complete four-person dinnerware set for just $38? Yes! They will love it as much as you love the price, so snag it before someone else does. Don’t just fill their home with good vibes, but fill their space with sweet aromas and delicate scents. Best of all, this stone diffuser comes in an array of colors to choose from. it will go great in any home office or family room. Trust us when we say they will love this robot vacuum. They’ll never have to manually sweep or mop again. It’s truly a dream come true, and you will undoubtedly win the best gift giver award. Give them a good laugh with this funny scented candle. It’s not too expensive, but will make a big impact on their moving process. Show them you love them a latte with a Keurig machine. This coffee maker model is small enough to fit in even the tiniest apartments and will offer them a fresh brew each morning. Now, they can takes their tunes on the go or listen at home with this record player. Either way, they will have access to three various speeds, bluetooth speakers and top-tier sound. Make their new space instantly feel like home with a personalized family collage. Customize and adorn the wood with family images. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.