It apparently couldn’t keep up with the Kardashian. The historic dress once worn by Marilyn Monroe that Kim Kardashian showed off at the 2022 Met Gala appears to be damaged from its night out, according to an observer. The Marilyn Monroe Collection Instagram account posted new photos Monday showing the bedazzled dress, which Monroe wore to sing “Happy Birthday Mr. President” in 1962 to then-President John F. Kennedy. But the dress appeared to be “missing” a few crystals, claimed the account, which added that others seemed to be “hanging by a thread.” Kardashian, 41, vowed to not make any alterations to the dress and altered herself instead. She now infamously admitted that she lost 16 pounds in three weeks in order to squeeze into the dress. She was finally able to fit it over her famous derriere but was unable to zip it — hence why she draped herself with a white fur shawl while on the carpet. “I tried it on and it didn’t fit me,” Kardashian recalled on the red carpet as she retold the tale of her first fitting. “It was such a challenge. It was like a role, I was determined to fit in it.” The Post has reached out to representatives for Kardashian as well as Ripley’s, where the dress is currently on display, for comment. In 2016, Ripley’s Believe It or Not! Museum in Orlando bought the dress for $4.8 million. After taxes and fees, the total price was valued at over $5 million. Ripley’s told The Post that the piece is the “world’s most expensive dress” ever sold at an auction. The dazzling gown is now valued at over $10 million. The reality star-turned-businesswoman only wore Monroe’s artifact for a matter of minutes. She slipped into the gown in a dressing room near the Met Gala carpet and changed into a replica gown as soon as she made it up the steps. Some critics previously chastised Kardashian for wearing the 60-year-old garment, saying it is “extremely fragile” and that “anything could have happened to it.” An expert also suggested that “sweat, perfume and makeup” could have gotten onto the dress and caused “untold damage and staining,” although Kardashian reportedly went makeup-free to the event. A representative for Ripley’s additionally told The Post last month that she showed “the utmost respect” for the garment — adding that “no damage” had occurred to the dress. 