House Speaker Nancy Pelosi defended her pro-choice beliefs on Thursday, telling reporters that the politicization of abortion rights across the US is “something uniquely American.” Pelosi’s remarks came after the California Democrat was pressed on whether she agreed with the late Pope John Paul II and current Pope Francis on their repeated stance that abortion is considered murder according to the Catholic Church. “Do you agree with Pope Francis and Pope John Paul II that abortion is murder?” a reporter asked Pelosi — who publicly identifies as Catholic. “What I agree on is that whatever I believe, agree with the pope on, is not necessarily what public policy should be in the United States as people make their own judgments, honor their own responsibilities, and attend to the needs of their families,” Pelosi responded. When pressed further on the matter, the speaker stood firm in her beliefs, while blasting the current congressional and Supreme Court debate over stripping federal abortion rights. “Let me just say this, a woman has the right to choose, to live up to her responsibility,” Pelosi said. “It’s up to her, her doctor, her family, her husband, her significant other, and her God. This politicizing all of this, I think it’s something uniquely American and not in other countries. “Ireland, Italy, Mexico has had legislative initiatives to expand a woman’s right to choose — very Catholic countries,” she added. “I’m a very Catholic person, and I believe in every woman’s right to make her own decisions.” Pelosi quickly made it known that she had nothing to add on the subject, telling reporters, “Any other questions on another subject? I’m not gonna be talking about that anymore.” Her remarks came nearly one month after San Francisco Archbishop Salvatore Cardileone banned Pelosi from receiving Holy Communion during Mass over her pro-abortion stance. “A Catholic legislator who supports procured abortion, after knowing the teaching of the Church, commits a manifestly grave sin which is a cause of most serious scandal to others,” Cordileone wrote in a public notification at the time. “Therefore, universal Church law provides that such persons ‘are not to be admitted to Holy Communion.’” The archbishop posited that Pelosi may not receive Communion until she “publicly repudiates” and confesses her advocacy for the medical procedure — which the majority of Americans support. Since the fall, the speaker has doubled down on her support for abortion as several states have moved forward with approving legislation that approves near-total bans. In September, Pelosi vowed to codify the Supreme Court’s landmark Roe v. Wade ruling into federal law after Texas passed a bill that bans abortions after a heartbeat is detected — usually at six weeks, which is often before a woman may even know she is pregnant. She reiterated that stance last month after a leaked Supreme Court draft opinion indicated the high court would be overturning Roe this summer. The court is expected to release the final decision on the matter within the next two weeks. President Biden — another self-proclaimed Catholic politician — has also come under fire for his pro-choice beliefs in recent years. While he has said he is personally opposed to abortion, the president believes a woman should have the right to freely choose. Last year, the majority of US Catholic bishops sought to punish Catholic politicians with such beliefs in a “teaching document” approved in November. Ultimately, the final guidance stopped short of recommending barring politicians who support abortion from receiving the Eucharist.