Three former Michigan State University fraternity brothers were slapped with criminal charges in the hazing death of a pledge during a booze-fueled bash welcoming new members last year. Business student Phat Nguyen, 21, died of alcohol intoxication and three other pledges were hospitalized after a Nov. 20, 2021 “crossing party” hosted by the now-banned Pi Alpha Phi. The four were allegedly found unconscious and reeking of urine in a dirty basement, wearing nothing but shorts, reports said. “Pledge master” Ethan Cao, “pledge dad” Andrew Nguyen and frat president Hoang Pham are facing charges of hazing resulting in death and hazing resulting in physical injury, the State News reported Thursday. Witnesses previously described the disturbing party to the News, saying the pledges in “the Asian-American interest” frat were passed out in a dank basement with Cheerios cereal scattered on the floor. The pledges were left unconscious on mattresses on the ground, wearing nothing but shorts with words like “simps” scrawled on their backs, the witnesses said. One person said they saw a pledge convulsing with blood dripping from his nose, the News reported. “The air got really thick,” one witness told the publication. “It was really gross like you could smell something, and it wasn’t even just urine, it was a mix of something just kind of like vomit.” Another said attendees went down to the basement to gawk at the pledges and take photos before heading back up to the party. “It wasn’t secret — everyone knew what was going on,” the witness said. “It just happened to be that people would go down there, I guess take photos, go back up, dance, party, get bored, go back down there.” Police officers called to the party at 2 a.m. found Phat Nguyen unconscious and not breathing, reports said. An autopsy report confirmed alcohol intoxication was the cause of death, according to the News. The three accused former frat boys, who are facing up to 15 years in jail and a fine up to $10,000, are not enrolled in MSU for the fall, the Lansing State Journal reported. A lawyer for one of the accused said the case will come down to whether Nguyen was forced into drinking. “The question becomes whether or not this is hazing, or — and this is where I am not minimizing anything — was this drinking at a college party, which occurs right, wrong, or indifferent all day, every day throughout the county,” Brian Morley, attorney for Andrew Nguyen, told the Journal.