It would have made sense to expect Jets running back Michael Carter to be upset when the team drafted Breece Hall in the second round of the draft in April. After all, that likely will mean fewer touches for Carter, who had a promising rookie season. The coaches called Carter after the team drafted Hall, and he did not yell or scream. “What am I going to do?” Carter said with a laugh. “I’m happy that we got him. It’s not like I’m like, [looking angry], ‘Oh my god.’ I’m happy. He’s a great player and I’m trying to win. Carter rushed for 639 yards and four touchdowns in 14 games as a rookie last season. Hall comes to the Jets after a highly productive college career at Iowa State. The Jets use a running-back-by-committee approach, so Carter knows no one is going to be getting a heavy workload. “There’s enough for all of us to eat, you know what I mean?” Carter said. “With the amount of plays that we run during the game, we can all eat. Obviously, Breece is a good player. I have nothing but respect for him. He works hard and he asks questions. He’s not afraid to ask questions. He’s not afraid to mess up right now. He understands that it’s a marathon and not a sprint. It’s really cool to have him in the room. “He has a great chance to be something special in the league. I have no problem with it.” The good vibes continue to flow at One Jets Drive after an offseason that has everyone feeling positive inside the organization. CB D.J. Reed tweeted during the draft that the Jets making the Super Bowl is not farfetched. He backed up that claim on Wednesday. “I don’t think it is,” Reed said. “When you think about it, it’s kind of déjà vu. My rookie year in San Fran we went 4-12, got some guys in the draft, got some guys in free agency and was in the Super Bowl, up by 10 in the fourth, Reed said. “Unfortunately, we didn’t win. [Patrick] Mahomes did what he did. But we went to the Super Bowl from being 4-12 the year before. So, I don’t think it’s farfetched, especially with the additions that we brought on.” Defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich said they do not want their defensive linemen playing more than 30-35 snaps a game because they want the players to be able to give maximum effort on every snap. He said that is a hard and fast rule, and it did not matter how talented the player is. That is why the Jets have a heavy rotation on the line. “When you play with your hair on fire and you play with the energy and the strain that we demand of them, asking them to play any more than 35 snaps I think is detrimental to their health and to the quality of play,” Ulbrich said. Head coach Robert Saleh said he is hopeful OT Mekhi Becton will be at mandatory minicamp in two weeks. Becton has been training in Texas as he awaited the birth of his first child, who was born a few weeks ago. He has remained there to tend to the baby. Saleh said there is no hurry for Becton to return since linemen are only doing limited drills in organized team activities.