The hunt for the Texas woman wanted for shooting a professional cyclist that had a fling with her boyfriend had visited an upstate New York campground while on the run from cops, according to a new report. Kaitlin Armstrong, 34, was spotted at the Camp Haven compound in Livingston Manor last month by a man who was camping at the remote Sullivan County location, Fox News said Wednesday. “She was [here] a while back,” the unidentified man told the outlet. “Right before the whole thing blew up.” The tipster said the fugitive had stayed with her sister Christine Armstrong, who was a long-term camper at the site, according to the outlet. US Marshalls have reportedly interviewed Christine. “We don’t know if she was actually at that specific location,” Deputy US Marshal Brandon Filla told the station. “There are many possibilities, but we have to have facts.” Armstrong, a yoga teacher, is accused of killing elite cyclist Anna Moriah “Mo” Wilson, 25, in a jealous rage in Austin on May 11. The suspect allegedly shot the romantic rival to death after she reunited with her live-in boyfriend, pro cyclist Colin Strickland. Wilson had been visiting Austin from San Francisco for a bike race when Strickland snuck off to see her.  Armstrong followed her boyfriend and eventually staked out the home Wilson was staying in. Her Jeep was spotted on security footage outside. A friend found Wilson’s body later that night. It was riddled with bullets, allegedly from a gun that Strickland had given Armstrong as a gift. Strickland, 35, told authorities he was romantically involved with Wilson when he and Armstrong took a break from their three-year relationship last fall. When Armstrong learned of the romp in January she “became furious and was shaking in anger” — and wanted to kill Wilson, an affidavit reportedly said. Armstrong was questioned and released by police, who said she was “still and guarded” when questioned about the surveillance video. On May 14 she boarded a flight from Austin to New York City, according to authorities. Armstrong was last seen at Newark Liberty International Airport on May 18 after flying into LaGuardia days earlier, authorities said. Camp Haven is about 115 miles away from both airports. No outbound reservations were made under her name at Newark, officials said. A private investigator on the case told News Nation that the suspect might be using her sister’s name as an alias, and could have made her way to Canada. “Three days after Kaitlin was seen in the New York area, an address popped up in New York state, Livingston Manor, where it was in Christine’s name,” private investigator Jason Jensen reportedly said, according to KXAN-TV. An FBI official told the network that it’s likely the suspect is getting support while on the lam. “I actually do think that this had a little premeditation in it. How much, I am not certain,” former FBI Special Agent Tracy Walder told the network. “I am really starting to think, especially because now we see two different airports, that she has help.” Texas Deputy US Marshal Brandon Filla previously told The Post that Armstrong had earned significant money flipping houses and “may have the funds to continue to hide.” “[Armstrong’s escape] wasn’t something that was abrupt, this was something that was methodical, that was timed. She had somewhat of a plan,” he said. US Marshalls consider Armstrong “armed and dangerous” and are offering a $5,000 reward in connection with information leading to her capture. “Kaitlin Armstrong is accused of a very serious crime that she needs to answer for,” US Marshal for the western District of Texas Susan Pamerleau said last week. “The best thing she can do at this point, wherever she is, is surrender to authorities, so she can return safely to Austin and answer the charges against her. She needs to know the Marshals are not going to stop looking for her.”