They’re the toxic twins of New York politics! The dysfunctional relationship between former Gov. Andrew Cuomo and former Mayor Bill de Blasio hindered the state’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, ex-city Health Commissioner Dave Chokshi revealed in a stunning new interview posted online. The mild-mannered physician offered a frank diagnosis of the Democratic pols’ penchant for bitter bickering — even as a deadly virus was wreaking havoc on New York. “It was a significant problem,” Chokshi said. “There were moments where my frustration at not being able to advance public health policy for New Yorkers could be directly tied to the toxicity of that relationship.” Chokshi said the battles between de Blasio and Cuomo — who spent years squabbling in public before the pandemic — basically boiled down to “who had the authority to do what.” The worst moment, Chokshi said, came in December 2020, when he and de Blasio held a news conference to announce the first coronavirus vaccination program for city cops and other first responders. “The governor had a press conference less than an hour later and said the mayor and I did not have the authority to do that,” he recalled. “Then I got a very irate phone call to let me know in no uncertain terms that I would be held responsible for breaking state law if we moved forward to vaccinate first responders.” Chokshi added: “It’s ludicrous to think that’s what our public officials are spending time on, instead of sorting things out so we can actually move forward with what our responsibility is during a pandemic.” Chokshi, who resigned in March, became the city’s health commissioner in August 2020 following the resignation of Dr. Oxiris Barbot, who quit in a letter that expressed her “deep disappointment” over de Blasio’s handling of the pandemic. In March 2021, amid the sexual harassment scandal that later forced Cuomo’s August resignation, de Blasio announced that he’d given up on trying to work with the governor against the pandemic and that his political nemesis “should do everyone a favor and get the hell out of the way.” Cuomo retaliated by declaring that whoever followed de Blasio as mayor “will be better, by definition,” adding, “It’s hard for me to work with an administration that is hyper-political and is not competent.” Chokshi made his remarks during a June 17 webinar hosted by David Sandman, president and CEO of the nonprofit New York Health Foundation, where Chokshi is a visiting fellow. Cuomo spokesman Rich Azzopardi said of Chokshi, “I’m not sure what he’s talking about, but at the time we had extremely limited vaccine supply from the federal government and clear state guidelines that prioritized front line healthcare workers.” “City Hall kept failing to fulfill this basic responsibility and rather than focus on the task at hand they threw everything at the wall to change the subject and shift attention away from their ineptitude,” Azzopardi added. De Blasio, who’s now seeking a seat in the House of Representatives, said, “Dr. Dave Chokshi was a civic saint in every way possible and a critically important partner in helping to navigate our city through COVID. The threats he endured were outrageous.”