Baseball bettors have a full 15-game schedule to pick from on today’s board, but expert bettors are centered on a few specific matchups. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified three sides — two of which are underdogs — that trigger at least three of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. The Padres claimed the first two games of this divisional series, but experts like the Diamondbacks to avoid the sweep today. We’ve seen sharp action hitting the Diamondbacks moneyline, which opened at +130 but has actually risen slightly to +150 through early action. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the D’Backs as well — as of this writing, Arizona has seen 15 percent of all moneyline bets against 23 percent of the total handle. Finally, there’s one Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — identifying the Diamondbacks. That system, which looks for underdogs on a minor losing streak receiving less than 35 percent of all bets, has a 41 percent historical win percentage and 11 percent return on investment. Arizona Diamondbacks Moneyline (+150) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Nationals claimed the opening game of this two-game set in Baltimore, but experts are expecting the Orioles to recover tonight. We’ve noticed sharp action hitting the Orioles moneyline, which opened at -125 but has since ticked up to nearly -150 at most shops. Big money is supporting the Orioles as well — as of this writing, they have received 62 percent of all bets against 85 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Orioles to give them three signals in their favor. Baltimore Orioles Moneyline (-150) — BetMGM   The Mariners ripped the A’s 8-2 in last night’s series opener, but experts are once again getting behind a revenge spot in game two. It’s worth noting that Seattle, which opened as a consensus -120 favorite for tonight’s matchup, has seen sharp action to take its price to -130 at most shops. However, three of the remaining four signals go in the A’s direction. We’ve seen big money come in on Oakland, which has seen 34 percent of all bets against 50 percent of the total handle as of this writing. Further, there’s a model projection edge with this contest. According to The Action Network’s MLB power ratings, the A’s should be closer to -103 on the moneyline. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the A’s to round out the signals going in their direction. Oakland Athletics Moneyline (+115) — BetMGM