A New York state Supreme Court judge has tossed a lawsuit against former “Good Morning America” producer Michael Corn, who was accused of sexual harassment, improper sexual contact and fostering a hostile work environment In her lawsuit filed last year, Kirstyn Crawford, a producer on ABC’s “GMA,” claimed that Corn assaulted her while they were traveling in Los Angeles in February 2015 for coverage of the Academy Awards. She claimed Corn forcibly touched and kissed Crawford during an Uber trip back to their hotel after a party the night before the awards, and that during the alleged incident, he claimed he could advance her career. Crawford, who no longer works at ABC, claimed that after the incident, she avoided traveling with her boss and he retaliated against her as a result. She also alleged that after the trip, Corn created a hostile work environment and stalled her professional career. Judge Barbara Jaffe said in her ruling Wednesday that the three-year statute of limitations had lapsed on the claims, which were initially made in 2015. The judge also ruled that the incidents cited in the lawsuit didn’t measure up to sexual harassment or creating a hostile work environment. The judge wrote that some of Corn’s alleged remarks, “while boorish, ill-advised, and inappropriate, do not create a hostile work environment, much less a continuing violation. Much of the conduct, moreover, was not directed at plaintiff.” Crawford’s attorney Milt Williams said they plan to appeal the decision. “We are very grateful the court recognized the total lack of merit to the allegations brought against Mr. Corn,” Corn’s lawyer Meredith Cavallaro told the Los Angeles Times, which first reported the news. Corn, who left ABC News in April 2021 as a result of an internal probe into Crawford’s claims, has denied the allegations. He is now the head of programming for the cable news channel NewsNation. Most of the claims against Disney-owned TV network ABC, which was also named in the suit, were dismissed. An ABC News rep did not immediately respond for comment.