What makes for a truly blushing bride? Having stunning and sexy bridal lingerie, of course. Perfect for the bachelorette party, the big day and of course the big night *wink wink*, bridal lingerie is a must for any bride. Since it’s one of the most special moments of your life, you should invest in something new — no thanks to old or borrowed — but we do have a few pieces that have some blue in them to keep with the rhyme. Also on the list are picks for all shapes and sizes, making sure no matter your body type, you look and feel stunning on the big day. Read on for our favorite brands that sell bridal lingerie, as well as some stand out picks, from Amazon and Target to Lovehoney and Bare Necessities, to name a few. Love how you look and feel on your wedding weekend with sexy lingerie from Lovehoney. The brand has a special section for your special day, with options for full three-piece sets with all the bells and whistles, plus-sized options with lace and satin and so much more. We think you’ll adore these options from Adore Me. They have a wedding shop just for you to peruse before saying “I Do” with options for the honeymoon as well as to wear under your wedding dress and even on your bachelorette trip. Grab something blue here with this matching set or opt for a sexy corset with lace and ties galore. Here is the something blue you’ve been looking for. Bluebella has a beautifully curated bridal shop, with panties, bras and even garter belts for the big day. Also be sure to pick up some stockings for under your dress and a robe for getting ready, all sold on their site. For an easy one-stop-shop before your big day, check out Fleur du Mal for your lingerie needs. They sell stunning pieces on site, but one thing that is extra special are their bridal box sets, which include a babydoll dress and thong or a luxe bra, panty and garter belt, all wrapped up with a silk ribbon. It’s no secret that you want to look and feel amazing for your wedding. Let Victoria’s Secret help, with their curated wedding shop full of lingerie looks. Get a whole bundle for the wedding weekend with a robe, corset and babydoll, or shop a la carte for a lace bra, satin slip dress and even a lace and tulle veil for walking down the aisle or into the bedroom. Forget blue, when you can have soft baby pink, crisp white and other colors for your wedding and honeymoon. For all that and more, head to Nordstrom to shop top brands like Natori, Black Bow and more. La Perla is the name of the game when it comes to luxury lingerie. Good thing for you is that we found it at Bloomingdale’s, making it even easier to shop before your big moment. Not only do they carry stunning bodysuits and panties, but also robes and full PJ sets for the night before, getting ready with the girls and the night after. For the day of love, make sure you get stunning pieces from For Love and Lemons. The brand sells an assortment of detailed and unique lace pieces, sorted by the bride, the guest and of course a whole section for the lingerie shower. For the weekend that revolves around you and your love, shop at Revolve for the best of bridal lingerie. This is a great spot, especially if you have your eye on designer pieces from  Fleur du Mal, homebodii and more. You definitely need at least one lingerie look for your wedding, and Bare Necessities is the place to shop. The brand carries both bridal lingerie and shapewear for under your dress, keeping you feeling confident from beginning to end. For some fun after the wedding, check out Hanky Panky for the cutest undies with cheeky sayings and styles — pun intended. The brand sells full sets and robes, but we love the adorable panty sets with phrases like “I Do” and “Bride” in sparkling crystals the best. Want to feel sexy, and dare we say provocative on your special day and intimate night? Then Agent Provocateur is for you. The lingerie company has a special bridal page online, with matching sets in white, blue and floral, that include bras, undies, robes and more. Get intimate on your wedding day and afterward with selects from Intimissimi. The brand has a bridal page with bodysuits, slip dresses and garter belts for under your dress or to pair with a panty. Invite Cosabella to your wedding and you won’t regret it. The lingerie brand carries tons of great options for the bride-to-be, with babydoll dresses, bodysuits, and garter belts in a wide range of colors and sizes. Eberjey is here for the bride, her buddies and even the groom with their full collection of wedding must-haves. The bride should check out the selection of bras, panties and PJ’s, while the groom should head to his own page for comfy sleepwear for the honeymoon or bachelor party. Be bold and feel fabulous with stunning selects from BHLDN. The brand made for Anthropologie has all the whimsy of the sister brand, with lace chamises, colorful robes and sexy bras and panties for the big weekend. We’d love to have Rihanna at our wedding, but this is the next best thing. Shop for bridal lingerie at Savage x Fenty, with plenty of options for your wedding and honeymoon in a wide variety of sizes and colors. The corset is great for under your dress, while other sexy options include floral bras, lace panties and more. Playful Promises offers a great and inclusive range of options for bras and panties, suspenders and peek-a-boo bras to name a few. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.