Britney Spears’ ex-husband Jason Alexander was charged Monday with a felony count of stalking after he live-streamed his break-in at the singer’s California home and attempted to crash her fantasy-land wedding last week. Prosecutors in Ventura County also slapped the 40-year-old with three misdemeanor counts: trespassing and refusing to leave private property, vandalism and battery, public records show. Alexander is set to make his first appearance in Ventura County Superior Court later Monday to be arraigned on the charges. He was arrested Thursday outside Spears’ mansion in Thousand Oaks, and was initially ordered held on $2,500 bail over the incident. In footage he posted to Instagram, Alexander could be seen inside the pop star’s home and even showed viewers a tent in the backyard where she was set to marry model and actor Sam Asghari. Alexander’s livestream showed him being confronted by event security and falsely claiming he had been invited to the celebration. He then threatened to crash his ex’s big day, and a physical struggle ensued before his phone camera cut out. “Jason Alexander has been handcuffed, taken into custody and arrested. I express my thanks to the Ventura County Sheriff’s Department for their prompt response and good work,” Spears’ attorney, Mathew Rosengart, told Page Six Thursday. “I’m working closely with law enforcement to ensure Mr. Alexander is aggressively prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.” Alexander also has an open warrant out for grand theft embezzlement and possession of stolen property, according to the Ventura County Sherriff’s Department. His bail was set at an additional $20,000 for those charges. A childhood friend of Spears’, Alexander wed the Grammy winner In Las Vegas in 2004, but their marriage was annulled after just 55 hours. Though Alexander has expressed public support for Spears throughout her controversial conservatorship battle — and notably attended several #FreeBritney rallies — he has an alarming history of lurking outside the homes of her family members. Spears’ relatives were “disturbed” after learning that Alexander visited their homes unannounced in January, a source exclusively told Page Six at the time. He was arrested for violating an order of protection and stalking an unidentified woman in December 2021, and was ordered to serve nearly a year of probation after he pleaded guilty to the charges. Alexander had also been taken into police custody for driving under the influence in January 2021 and for breaking security protocols at an airport in August.