Kevin Durant said he hasn’t gotten involved in Kyrie Irving’s free agency and doesn’t plan to. He’s just waiting for the outcome. Irving’s negotiations with the Nets have been predictably complex, leading to multiple reports that Durant would follow his friend out the door if Irving leaves. But Durant insists he’s staying hands off. “It’s no involvement at all. I can’t be involved with it,” Durant told host Eddie Gonzalez on an episode of Durant’s “The ETCs” podcast that dropped Friday morning. “This is this man’s livelihood. This is much bigger than me. Being a free agent, it’s one of the most important times in your career. That can’t be swayed by anybody else. I just do me and wait for the time.” Irving has until Wednesday to pick up his $36 million player option for next season. If he declines, he would become an unrestricted free agent. “There’s nothing that can happen right now,” Durant said. “I just let things play out and see what happens, but keep the regular contact up with Ky and see what happens. It’s something that’s so much out of my control that I don’t want to be a part of it.” Gonzalez did not ask whether Durant would ask for a trade if Irving leaves, and the former MVP didn’t volunteer an answer. ESPN reported Thursday night that Durant has not told the Nets he would look to leave under those circumstances, but simply wants to know general manager Sean Marks’ plans for crafting a contender post-Irving. Still, Durant did seemingly allude to the chatter in general terms. “It’s just reports, you know, that go around this time: the draft, the Finals just ended. You just got to keep that dialogue going, keep that engagement going,” Durant said. “There’s a lot going on with our team. Uncertainty with Ben [Simmons] not playing with us, us being swept in the playoffs, Kyrie’s situation being a free agent. … I understand why there’s so much noise around us. But as individuals, you control what you can. So when the time’s right, everything will work out for itself.” Durant added, “Basketball is obviously the most important thing. But I try not to let that get in the way of somebody else’s personal decision. … Whatever happens, the friendship will still be there.” Irving and Durant arrived together in Brooklyn as a package deal in June 2019. Durant inked a four-year, $198 million extension with the Nets last summer, and it kicks in this upcoming season. Negotiations on a contract extension with Irving broke down last offseason due to his refusal to get vaccinated. That refusal contributed to Irving playing just 29 games last season, and he has played just 103 of a possible 226 regular-season games since joining the Nets. As a result, they want to protect themselves by giving him a shorter deal while Irving is seeking a longer max contract. Nets owner Joe Tsai is believed to be backing Marks’ decision to draw a line in the sand regarding Irving. And ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski said Nets brass was fully cognizant of the risk in taking a hard line. “The Nets knew when they entered these conversations with Kyrie Irving about his future that there was great risk about the future, about what it meant about Kevin Durant moving forward if they weren’t prepared to do a max deal, a long-term max deal,” Wojnarowski said Friday morning on “Get Up!” “Obviously, they were willing to take that risk because Kyrie Irving hasn’t heard from the Nets about the idea of a long-term commitment. So all of it is very much up in the air. So there’s going to be a dialogue here to see this move forward, but this is a very perilous time for the future of this Nets organization.” Wojnarowski added that if the situation broke down and the Nets exercised the nuclear option of actually trading Durant, the return would be “historic” because of his stature and the four years remaining on his contract.