It may be a small world after all but Disney fans will have to pay a hefty price to take part in its new promotion. The Walt Disney Company is offering 75 patrons an opportunity to travel via private jet to all 12 of its theme parks worldwide for a “bucket list adventure.” The price tag: $110,000 per person. There is no discount for children. Disney, which is marketing the 24-day trip as “Disney Parks Around the World: A Private Jet Adventure,” says that the package includes hotel and most meals. The trip is scheduled to leave from Anaheim, Calif., on July 9, 2023, with bookings starting next week. However, the $110,000 per person cost does not include airfare to Southern California. Travelers will be flown to Disney theme parks in Florida, California, Japan, China, Hong Kong and France on a “VIP-configured” Boeing 757 operated by Icelandair — which is capable of flying nonstop over long distances. The aircraft’s crew will include a chef, a physician and three staff members. The trip includes stops at the Taj Mahal in India, the pyramids of Giza in Egypt, and the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Deep-pocketed fanatics will also be treated to an event at the Lucasfilm Campus in San Francisco as well as Walt Disney Studios in Hollywood, Calif. Disney’s theme parks business continued to rebound in the second quarter after two years of pandemic lockdowns were lifted. During the period ending April 2, Disney reported net income of $3.7 billion, or EPS of $1.08 a share. The company reeled in revenue of $19.2 billion, compared with $15.61 billion a year earlier. Overall revenue was propped up by sales at its theme parks and consumer products division, which includes Walt Disney World and Disneyland resorts. It raked in $6.65 billion, above analysts expectations of $6.29 billion. The company also added more subscribers to its Disney+ streaming service. The Burbank, Calif.-based media giant has been under a microscope over its streaming growth amid a political feud with Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis over the state’s “Don’t Say Gay” law. Shares of Disney were trading 1.79% higher as of noon Eastern time on Wednesday.