Johnny Depp’s hotshot lawyer Camille Vasquez was promoted to partner at her ritzy law firm Tuesday, less than a week after her victorious performance in the actor’s court battle against Amber Heard. The 37-year-old attorney — who was only an associate at Brown Rudnick when the drawn-out defamation trial began — became its breakout star thanks to her intense and sometimes vicious cross-examination of Heard and her compelling closing arguments. “We are delighted to welcome Camille to the partnership,” William Baldiga, chairman and CEO of Brown Rudnick, said in a press release Tuesday. “Historically, we have reserved this announcement for the end of our fiscal year. But Camille’s performance during the Johnny Depp trial proved to the world that she was ready to take this next step now. “We are incredibly proud of her and look forward to what she will accomplish as our newest partner.” Sources told The Post on Sunday that Vasquez was at the center of a bidding war between law firms that wanted her on their teams, and that she was being flooded with offers from Hollywood. In a statement, the tough-as-nails attorney said she was “delighted that Brown Rudnick has given me its full vote of confidence.” “I’m proud of the uniquely talented team I’ve had the privilege to lead, which exemplified teamwork and collaboration, and I look forward to continuing to represent Brown Rudnick’s culture of excellence,” she said. Some legal experts said they were surprised that Brown Rudnick had given Vasquez such a prominent role on Depp’s legal team when she was only an associate. Vasquez and her colleagues convinced the jury that Heard defamed Depp on all three counts brought against the actress for writing in a 2018 Washington Post op-ed that she was “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” A woman partner at a high-profile law firm in Los Angeles just a few years older than Vasquez told The Post on Sunday that she was “very surprised to see she was an associate,” considering what she handled at the Depp trial. “Most of the time associates aren’t given the type of roles she was given — doing the cross and closings, that’s pretty unprecedented,” the source said. Since the verdict came down on June 1, Vasquez has also received offers from several traditional TV networks and cable channels, sources have said. “Talent agents are circling Camille because they recognize that she is the unicorn — a smart, savvy, poised attorney whose impactful performance during the trial propelled her to a rare level of visibility,” a source said. “And the fact that she is a woman of color is an added bonus.”