Fireworks, pool parties and grilling — oh my! Fourth of July is here and it’s bringing all of the best things about summer with it, such as swimsuits, swimming, sunglasses and sandals. But you know what else the fourth is bringing along? Unbeatable sales on appliances, grills, electronics and more. Amazon is one of the major retailers jumping in on the Independence Day fun by dropping prices on just about everything they sell. That means discounts on home, electronics, appliances, beauty, fashion and more. Keep reading to shop the deals or click here to discover them all. Either way, it’s time to grab your wallet, American pride and welcome in the Fourth of July! A no-show wire-free bra? Yes, please! This Hanes black bra is currently discounted for the holiday, and we are pumped about it. Wear it with crisscross straps or typical shoulder straps. Gents, you can also enjoy some Hanes fun by shopping options here. It’s time for a bit of manscaping. With this complete Wahl clipper set, you can successfully trim your nose hair, beard, clean up your neckline and give yourself a fresh haircut. At almost half off, you can score a Side Sleeper neck pillow. With consistent use, you can expect pain relief, neck support and a good night’s sleep. Best of all, this pillow comes with orthopedic foam and a washable pillow cover. Ready for some strong, effective cooling. Well, you will be when the sun starts beating through your windows this summer season. So stay prepared with this 3-in-1 evaporative air cooler. Plus, it’s currently on sale. Speaking of air, you’re not going to want to pass up on this BISSELL air purifier. This is one of our favorite air purifiers, and for good reason. It operates quietly and offers both high and low fan speeds. It’s also not too big or bulky. Instead, it makes the perfect addition to any office or bedroom. Gorgeous gorgeous girls use Aussie hair products — especially this Miracle Moist shampoo! You can score an entire pack of four and save while doing it. But remember, this deal won’t last forever. Made with 100% cotton and including two pillow shams, this cottage-core styled quilt set is great for bright and airy bedroom decor. Best of all, you can save over $50 on this bedding set right now. Offering strong water pressure and five cleaning modes, you can say goodbye to all of that food stuck between your teeth. Additionally, it’s made with a cordless design, which could pair great with an electric tooth brush. Featuring two detachable razor heads and three various sized gaurds, you can look forward to painless hair trimming. This bikini trimmer can be used both in and out of water. Have you been wanting to try your hands at pottery but haven’t wanted to pull the plug on the big splurge? if that’s the case, you can now have at it while savings $66. This clay wheel is compact, features adjustable speeds and is low in noise. What do vanilla scent lovers and Ariana Grande fans have in common? The Ariana Grande Cloud Eau De Parfum! This perfume is sexy, playful and sweet while enveloping you in the best scent ever. Made to help detangle, smooth and minimize frizz, this SheaMoisture leave-in conditioner spray features tea tree oil, borage seed oil and aloe vera. Just spray, brush and you’re done! Elevate your home with this on-sale solid wood clock. Proudly set it upon your fire place shelf or on an accent table. Whatever you choose, the walnut finish and brass details are sure to make add some old-style class to your space. Sometimes all-natural skincare is just better for our skin. If you resonate with that, you will love the Derma E moisturizing cream. It help diminish fine lines and wrinkles, is fragrance free and, of course, all-natural. Of course there are more exciting items than a toilet brush cleaner, but this is one of those products that you absolutely need in your home. Plus, it’s on sale! Keep your pool swim-ready with the help of the AIPER robotic pool cleaner. It travels across the bottom of your pool, runs on a 90-minute battery and takes the manual labor off of you. While covid cases are on the decline, the pandemic still isn’t over. With fun summer plans on the rise, ensure you stay safe with the help of this 5-pack of Covid-19 at-home tests. With this sale, each tests breaks down to only $7! Save $105 on these binoculars ideal for concerts, games, sight-seeing and more. They are lightweight, waterproof, fog-proof and offer a steady grip. Offering 360 degree home security, night vision, a siren and two-way audio, this Blurams security camera is great for protecting your home, watching over the kids and staying on top of your pets. You can also pair the camera with Alexa and Google Assistant. Put your cooking to the test with this NIUTA meat thermometer. Featuring a sleek design, clear display and accurate reading, your cooking experience will be taken to the next level. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.