Lynda Carter is an ally on and off the screen. The original Wonder Woman herself defended the DC Comics character as an LGBTQ icon. The 70-year-old actress wrote a series of tweets on June 1 — the start of Pride Month — contending that Diana Prince/Wonder Woman was in fact, a symbol of queerness. It all started when she tweeted out an art cover of Wonder Woman gleefully surrounded by rainbows. “Happy Pride!,”  she wrote. “So excited to celebrate with all my LGBTQIA+ friends and fans  Art by Paulina Ganucheau for@DCComics .” But some trolls weren’t having it and slammed her for the photo. One wrote, “Wonder Woman IS NOT A SUPER HERO FOR GAYS!” To that statement, Carter responded: “You’re right. She’s a superhero for bisexuals!” Her reply also linked to a 2016 Polygon article in which comic book writer Greg Rucka explained that Wonder Woman was indeed bisexual in his new story, “Wonder Woman: Year One.” “I didn’t write Wonder Woman, but if you want to argue that she is somehow not a queer or trans icon, then you’re not paying attention,” she explained in o tweet. “Every time someone comes up to me and says that WW helped them while they were closeted, it reminds me how special the role is.” In another post, the former beauty pageant titleholder shared a photo of herself as a young buck holding fighting pose. She also joked that she “loves seeing all the love from LGBTQ+ fans today! Now here’s one I call the “ready to fight your homophobic relatives” pose. Just kidding. (Or am I?) Haha! .” The “Sky High” actress portrayed the superhero in the iconic TV series of the same name from 1975 to 1979. Gal Gadot recently played the character in a slew of films for Warner Bros. including her 2017 standalone film and its 2021 sequel. Carter is set to reprise her role as Asteria in the upcoming “Wonder Woman 3” after she made the memorable cameo in last year’s “Wonder Woman 1984.” Carter and director Patty Jenkins attended the DC FanDome 2021 event last October where they divulged some new details about the threquel. “I know what it was like from the inside out. I know what the legacy meant to me, and when I created the character, it wasn’t on the comic book page — her kindness and her goodness. Her strength was her Lasso of Truth … and that meant something to me,” the Miss World USA 1972 winner said at the panel. “Who would have thought in my life — at this time in my life — that this gift would just present itself to me, and that’s so cool,” Carter added. “And that’s what I’m hoping for all of the fans of ‘Wonder Woman’ … to know that your life is full of surprises, and the Wonder Woman in you is alive and well.”