Authorities in California have refused to release any footage showing the DUI arrest of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s husband, saying it could “jeopardize” the investigation. The California Highway Patrol (CHP) on Thursday denied a public records request seeking the release of body and dashboard camera video documenting Paul Pelosi’s arrest last month on suspicion of drunk driving. CHP informed Fox News Digital in a letter that it has the footage in question, “however, the Napa County District Attorney’s Office has advised the release of records would jeopardize an ongoing investigation.” In a separate press release Thursday, the DA’s Office said that it has not decided yet what, if any, charges, will be filed against the 82-year-old businessman. “This is standard protocol in any DUI case that is referred by a law enforcement agency in Napa County,” the agency stated. “No decision has been made at this time. Any speculation to the contrary is incorrect.” The statement was in response to a flurry of posts falsely claiming that all DUI charges against Pelosi were dropped, which spread widely on social media this week. “Paul Pelosi’s DUI charges have been dropped,” GOP Rep. Lauren Boebert wrote in a tweet Wednesday that was shared over 11,000 times. “Is anyone really surprised?” Paul Pelosi was arrested after driving a 2021 Porsche into an intersection near Yountville, California, shortly before 11 p.m. on May 28. He was returning to his and Nancy’s vineyard, River Run, from a dinner party when a 48-year-old man driving a 2014 Jeep crashed into his luxury car. No injuries were reported and the other driver was not arrested. Paul was released from jail on May 29 on $5,000 bail. He could face misdemeanor charges such as driving under the influence and driving with a blood alcohol content level of 0.08 or higher. Paul agreed to a court date of Aug. 3 in Napa County Superior Court, prosecutors said. If charges are filed, he will be arraigned then. Paul and Nancy Pelosi have been married since 1963. The couple have five children and split their time between San Francisco and Washington, DC. The House Speaker’s husband is a successful venture capitalist, and the pair amassed an estimated personal fortune of more than $110 million by 2018, according to Open Secrets, a non-profit that tracks money in politics.