Suffering from spotty wifi coverage? Constantly getting kicked off your network? Eero is here to help. For a limited time on Amazon, a variety of Eero products are being listed at astoundingly low prices. Swipe up this early Prime day deal while it lasts from June 28 to July 5. For those of us who work from home or have more than one family member hogging the wifi, connection can be slow. Say goodbye to dead spots and buffering. The Eero TrueMesh technology intelligently routes traffic to reduce drop-offs so you can confidently stream 4K video, game, and video conferences. If you’re always on the go, consider checking out some of our favorite portable wifi hotspots too. If you’re not sold yet, Eero is also designed with Alexa compatibility. Users are able to control all of  their Wi-Fi-enabled devices and manage your internet use and time. Here is a roundup of the best Eero devices on sale now Whether you want to super power your studio apartment or enhance coverage in your family home, Eero has an option for you. The whole-home Wi-Fi 6 Eero coverage starts at 1,500 sq. ft. with wifi and supports wifi speeds up to 900 Mbps. Wi-Fi 6 supports faster wifi than prior standards and permits 75+ connected devices.  For some additional coverage and premium Wi-Fi 6 performance, consider the Eero Pro 6 router, which covers up to 2,000 sq. ft. with support for wifi speeds up to a gigabit.  For larger spaces, Eero offers the Eero Pro 6E coverage plan. This premium plan covers up to 6,000 sq. ft. with support for wifi speeds up to a gigabit. Save up $175 on this plan. If you want to extend your Eero wifi coverage, an Eero 6 Extender adds up to 1,500 sq. ft. of Wi-Fi 6 coverage to your existing eero mesh wifi system. You can add as many Eero 6 extenders as you need to maximize coverage throughout your home. Save $16 and snatch up the extender now. As the most affordable gigabit system, Eero 6+ supports additional wifi bandwidth on the 160 MHz radio channel (that’s just wifi talk for faster connectivity). With the Eero 6+, there’s enough bandwidth for the whole family to work, stream, and video chat—all at the same time. Save up to $105 on the Eero 6+ plan. For the fastest of all the Eero systems, try out the Eero Pro 6E. This pan supports fast speeds and direct access to the new 6 GHz band when using Wi-Fi 6E devices, even for non Wi-Fi 6E devices. In addition to covering up to 6,000 sq ft, this plan also support for 100+ connected devices. Take $245 off the original price, for the greatest savings of all. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section 