Everyone knows Clinique. Maybe you used to sneak into your mom’s purse and grab her soft pressed powder blush. Perhaps you’ve been using Clinique since you discovered the brand’s Moisture Surge. Or maybe you came across the brand during the Black Honey Almost Lipstick TikTok craze. No matter how you heard about Clinique, the beauty brand is and always will be one of the most iconic skincare and beauty establishments out there. That being said, Clinique comes at a cost! Due to the brand’s high-profile products and coveted formulas, Clinique is not necessarily inexpensive. That means no $8 lipsticks and absolutely no $15 moisturizers. However, there’s still a way to shop the must-have brand on a budget. Please welcome, Saks Fifth Avenue. Until July 4, Saks Fifth Avenue is offering up to 50% off select Clinique products — no code or minimum spending required. So go ahead and score 6-piece skincare sets, custom repair moisturizers and more — for up to half off. Capture glowing, smooth skin with Clinique’s 6-piece Great Skin Everywhere set. In this set, you get a full size All About Clean facial soap (which we love), a jumbo size Clarifying Lotion (which we are also obsessed with), a Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion and minis of all three. This set is ideal for those with drier skin. If you’re looking for something for oily or combination skin, click here. Ready to tackle your fine lines and wrinkles while keeping you skin moisturized and supple? Then the Dramatically Different Moisturizing BB gel is for you. It’s a one-and-done type of product that tackles your main skin concerns without all the added effort. Always have exactly what you need exactly when you need it with the Clinique Light Up Your Eyes makeup set. Included in the set is a limited-edition shadow palette, a High Impact Mascara (that’s beyond amazing) and a Take The Day Off makeup remover. We are all about working smarter — not harder. So use this overnight sleep moisturizer to visibly smooth wrinkles, firm, brighten, hydrate and strengthen your skin moisture barrier. Whether you’re a homebody, jet setter or both, this is the set for you. Why? Because it comes with both full-size and travel-size products ideal for taking your skincare regimen on the go. Look forward to All About Clean face soap, a Clarifying Lotion and a Dramatically Different face gel. If you have dry skin, check out this option instead. We know, it’s a high price point, but hear us out. This collection features all you need for a gentle yet advanced anti-aging treatment. So, you can tackle wrinkles from three various angles while still maintaining high moisture levels. Plus, you get a foaming facial soap, SPF, a custom repair moisturizer and a wrinkle correcting serum. Who wants a sticky, clumpy lip gloss? Anyone? Yeah, we didn’t think so. That’s why we are obsessed with Clinique’s Pop Splash Lip Gloss. It’s packed with hydration and isn’t sticky or gooey. Oh, and did we mention its high shine? Because it’s literally blinding. Clinique doesn’t just focus on skincare and beauty — the brand is also huge in the fragrance scene. Not sure where to start? Then check out this discovery set that features the best of the best. Plus, it’s only $20. Yes, please!