Abortion enthusiasts have been telling so many lies since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade last week, it’s hard to take them seriously. Now President Biden and Speaker Nancy Pelosi are salivating at the prospect that “abortion is on the ballot,” as opposed to inflation, crime, border security and all the issues that have the Democrats under water and without a viable policy. But abortion may not be the electoral game-changer they hope for, and largely that’s because the lies they tell themselves and their supporters have caused them to lose touch with the reality of America. “Women caring for their health” is the president’s euphemism for abortion. It was a “sad day” and “a tragic error,” said Biden, when the Supreme Court returned the issue back to the voters and their elected state representatives to decide. He vowed to “do everything in my power” to preserve abortion. Pelosi called the decision “outrageous” and “criminalizing reproductive freedom,” another euphemism which tries to hide the death element of abortion. Like Biden, her unequivocal support for abortion is wildly at odds with Catholic teaching and her ostentatious religiosity. “I’m very Catholic, devout, practicing,” she has declared. But San Francisco’s Catholic archbishop, Salvatore J. Cordileone, last month rebuked Pelosi over her vocal support for abortion, and declared she would be denied Communion. Biden has escaped accountability for his abortion advocacy. I guess we have to take his word for it that Pope Francis told him in April that he was a “good Catholic” and should continue receiving Communion. But the Vatican is all for the overturning of Roe v. Wade, issuing a statement praising the decision last week, and the pope explicitly has called abortion murder, likening it to “hiring a hit man.” Polls show almost nine in 10 Americans oppose Biden and Pelosi’s extreme position of abortion on demand until birth. A Trafalgar Group poll last month showed less than 12% of Americans support abortions to birth, while 57% believe abortions should be banned once an unborn baby’s heartbeat can be detected at about six weeks. Even among Democrats, only 19% think that abortion should be legal until birth. Scientific advances showing us detailed ultrasound photos inside the womb, and allowing premature babies to survive at 25 weeks, have changed the equation. Most Americans want reasonable restrictions with compassionate exceptions to safeguard the mother’s life and in the cases of rape and incest — which Planned Parenthood’s own research arm, the Guttmacher Institute, says is less than 1% of abortions. What’s more, a Rasmussen poll last month showed 48% of voters said they would approve of the Supreme Court overturning Roe v. Wade, and 45% who would disapprove. Among Democrat voters, 33% said they would approve. And a Fox News poll found 54% of voters supported state laws banning abortion at 15 weeks, such as in Mississippi, where the Supreme Court case originated. If they are so opposed to the Supreme Court decision, why don’t Democrats simply pass a law to codify Roe v. Wade, since they control Washington? Well, they tried it already with the Women’s Health Protection Act, and failed. The Senate voted 49-51 against the bill, which would have overridden state abortion laws, well short of the 60 votes needed. The problem, as Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez complains, is that members of their own party are pro-life. Biden claims America has become an outlier, when actually it was an outlier under Roe, since only five other countries — including China and North Korea — allow abortion until the moment of birth. The truth is Democrats strayed too far from public opinion. Where once the phrase “safe, legal and rare” summed up a palatable position for Democrats, they allowed extremists to push it to abortion any time for any reason, including for sex selection and to get rid of Down syndrome babies, which is opposed by 70% of Americans, according to a Knights of Columbus survey last year. In Mississippi, it wasn’t pro-life activists but an abortion clinic that went to court to overturn the state law banning abortions after 15 weeks, except in the case of a mother’s life being threatened. It’s their own fault, and Harry Reid’s filibuster reform also played a role. Wrong. The Constitution mentions nothing about abortion. All the Supreme Court did was send abortion regulation back to the states where it always belonged. Abortion remains available, but there are now 50 abortion laws. All 13 states with so-called trigger laws allow abortions to save the life of the mother. As for the slippery slope which Pelosi and Co. are fearmongering about, Justice Samuel Alito explicitly wrote that “nothing in this opinion should be understood to cast doubt on precedents that do not concern abortion,” such as contraception and gay marriage. While Justice Clarence Thomas wrote separately that other “substantive precedents” decided by the court on “due process” should be re-examined, he just says they should be based on other constitutional provisions. In any case, no other justice agreed. Hardly. They should offer similar lump sums to pregnant employees who keep their babies. But let the woke corporates serve as an inspiration for Republicans to enact Hungarian-style policies, which reward mothers and fathers handsomely for having children and encourage them to have lots more.