“You miss 100% of the ‘lays’ you never take.” Those wise words of wisdom come from an OnlyFans model who has one major rule when it comes to dating: Always have sex on the first date. The social media influencer, who goes by the name Kazumi, likes to do the deed at the beginning of a prospective relationship to “get the awkward part out of the way.” The 25-year-old told NeedToKnow.online that many men love her “direct” approach to dating. The adult content creator, who claims to make $250,000 a month, revealed that her strict Christian upbringing has influenced her to be more sex-positive in her daily life. Despite being “pretty nerdy” when she was younger, she “desperately wanted to get laid,” but her parents reportedly didn’t allow her to go on dates. And while Kazumi desired to find a boyfriend, she felt that she was too socially awkward as a teen — and boys at her school thought she was “weird.” “I turned to the internet and chatted with strangers online by webcam, which is probably why I’m so comfortable sexting with guys on OnlyFans,” she told the outlet. The Miami resident stays safe, uses protection and gets tested regularly to ensure the safety of herself and her partners when on dates. She noted that some of the “most amazing first dates” she’s ever had were when she did have sex and then had a more comfortable experience hanging out with the guy after because, as she declared, “We’re both relaxed and the sexual tension is diffused.” “I want to remove the stigma attached to having a high number of sexual partners,” Kazumi continued. “Like, who cares?” She stated that men appreciate her “directness because they find that a lot of women aren’t very forward or secure with their sexuality.” However, Kazumi pointed out that some dates are surprised at first, with a few thinking that she’s “a slut — which is hypocritical,” she said. “I date mature men, and I feel like being honest, as well as direct about my needs, is a great way to establish the notion that I am confident,” she added. “I know what I want early on in the relationship and if I detect any stupidity, we aren’t dating.” The Instagram model, who doesn’t like to have a meal before having sex, as it makes her feel “self-conscious and tired,” also doesn’t worry about a man’s genital size or their wealth status, concerning herself only with if they are nice and funny to be around. Meanwhile, she doesn’t care for people’s opinions about her and advocates for other women to embrace their sexuality. Kazumi additionally frequents sex clubs and orgies from time to time and likes to enjoy her sexual escapades. She does have a few conversations with her men before meeting up with them, but Kazumi suggested that explaining the purpose of their date can help both people feel more at ease. “Personally, I talk to people quite a bit before meeting up as I’ve already established an interest, as well as why I like them,” Kazumi divulged. “If I didn’t, I wouldn’t move forward and meet up with them, and I feel like, after sex, people act more like themselves. “I feel like I have sex with people a few times before we level up to going on an actual date,” she added. “If he doesn’t respect you after sex, he likely didn’t respect you before either.”