SI Sportsbook’s fantastic sign-up offer means new players do not need a bonus code. New customers can wager $20 on odds of -200 or bigger, and if your bet wins, you’ll receive $100 in free bets. The SI Sportsbook Promo Code allows new customers to get $100 in free bets, if their first bet of $20 or more wins. In order to get your $100 in free bets, you must place a wager of $20 or more with odds of -200 or greater. Should your bet win, you will receive the winnings to your bet, and an additional $100 in free bets. The free bets are credited in two $50 Free Bet tokens, totaling $100 in free bets. Please note, if your first bet of $20 at odds of -200 or greater loses, then you will not receive $100 in free bets. The Sports Illustrated magazine was launched in August 1954, and is one of the leading sports magazines in the USA. Now, over 65 years since its publication, Sports illustrated has entered the world of online sports betting. Sports Illustrated enters the U.S. online sports betting space via a partnership with European operator 888 Sport. SI Sportsbook went live in Colorado in September 2021 and entered the Virginia sports betting market in May 2022.  SI Sportsbook has plenty of existing customer promotions to get stuck into. There are different promotions throughout the year, depending on the sporting calendar. Listed below are some of our favorites, but there’s more out there for you to check out yourself. 21+, CO & VA only. T&Cs apply. Think you know your sports inside and out? Normally, you’d put your money where your mouth is, but here’s a place where it won’t cost you a thing. The SI Perfect 10 is free to play, and if you make all 10 picks correctly, you’ll get a share of the $10,000 prize. If you’re the only one with a Perfect 10, the $10K is all yours! If you don’t get them all, you get $1 in Free Bets for each correct answer. Please note: After 2 entries, a weekly wagering of $25 at odds -110 or greater will be required in order to receive Free Bets. 21+, CO & VA only. T&Cs apply. Place three or more baseball bets of $10 or more each week, and you’ll receive a $10 free bet. It’s also worth noting that you’ll receive more free bets for your 5th, 7th and 10th bet on baseball in the same week. Maximum free bets is $40 with 10+ $10 wagers placed in a single week. 21+, CO & VA only. T&Cs apply. From Friday to Sunday, win a parlay bet of 3 legs or more and take home $20 in Free Bets! Parlay odds must be 3+ legs, with odds of +300 or higher. All customers are restricted to one  free bet per day between Friday and Sunday. Given the short time in which SI Sportsbook has operated, there are just two states in which users can legally bet with SI Sportsbook. SI Sportsbook Colorado didn’t immediately jump onto the online sports betting bandwagon in the state. But Colorado was the first state that saw the brand rolling out its sports betting service offering after partnering with Colorado Grande Casino. SI Sportsbook launched in tie for the 2021 NFL season, giving bettors in the Centennial State plenty of opportunities to back the Denver Broncos throughout their campaign. Virginia became the second state to launch with SI sportsbook in May 2022, becoming the newest sportsbook in the Old Dominion. SI sportsbook had secured a betting license in Virginia in November 2021, but it took its time in preparing for launch day. Bettors in Virginia will be able to use SI Sportsbook for the 2022 NFL campaign, as well as the Qatar World Cup 2022. SI Sportsbook runs on the same software as 888Sport, who already have a foot in many states in the USA. Licenses have already been granted to SI Sportsbook in a number of states, where SI Sportsbook looks like it will take over from the global betting brand. SI Sportsbook has also received licenses in Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, and Pennsylvania, so it is expected that these are the next states to launch SI Sportsbook. It’s early days for SI Sportsbook, but it’s already looking like a great addition to the sports betting landscape in the US. Furthermore, we fully anticipate it to only get better. The commercial pull of the Sports Illustrated name is second to no betting site currently operating in the US, and it makes sense that we’ll see big sponsorships, partnerships with other top brands, and promotions down the line that just aren’t in the scope of other sportsbooks. This is purely speculation on our part, but it would make sense given the partnerships existing in the sports betting world. We’re excited to see where this project goes, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a lot going for it already. SI Sportsbook feels fully formed, with a betting menu, sporting menu and betting lines that already look at home among the top sportsbooks in the USA. The software is simple but effective, and the practical facilities like banking methods and customer support are impressive. Live streaming and same game parlays seem the norm in sports betting sites nowadays, and SI Sportsbook don’t lack in either of those areas. All in all, this is a very impressive sports betting site from one of the biggest names in US sports. The SI Sportsbook app is available for free download for Android devices and iOS, good news for all mobile device holders. If you have used the 888 Sport app in the past, you’ll notice that the SI Sportsbook is essentially a re-skinned version. That alone is a positive sign, as the former was highly regarded by users. The app equips you with a huge array of in-play and pre-game betting markets along with regular offers and special features tailored just for you. The compact and easy-to-navigate interface gives you access to live betting, early cash out, the ability to build your own ticket, and even make deposits on the go. The fantastic promotions available on the desktop site are also available on the mobile app, meaning you’ll be able to make your Perfect 10 picks on the go. While basic, the SI Sportsbook live betting section is user-friendly. The live section features all of the events available at any time and groups them by sport for easy access. There’s also a full schedule of upcoming live events. The downside stems from a barebones display that lacks stats. Access the most popular markets via the BetFeed tab, conveniently located within the main menu. Here, you gain insight into which bets fellow community members are backing, and you can customize the display based on your preferred sports and bet types. The cash out feature from SI Sportsbook applies to select matches, allowing bettors to secure a portion of their winnings or cut their losses. A cash symbol designates markets that support this feature. After placing the wager, go to the ‘My Bets’ section to view the available matches and the cash out value. The SI Sportsbook site shows the most popular sports in the sidebar, where you can also access live feeds, check the latest promotion offers, and look at specials.Users can also easily locate their bet slip, track and place bets, and see the potential payout of every wager. If you’re familiar with 888Sport, then you’ll have no trouble using the SI Sportsbook desktop site. Sports Illustrated is a recognized brand in the USA, but don’t forget the huge global presence the publication has. Their sportsbooks encapsulate everything that a strong worldwide sportsbook has, despite only operating in the USA. There is a plethora of sports and competitions available, from the most popular right down to some of the most niche sports across the world. SI Sportsbook doesn’t just limit bettors to the well-known moneyline, spread, and over/under bets. Instead, at SI Sportsbook you’ll find an abundance of prop betting options and also have the chance to make both regular and same-game parlays. You’re spoilt for choice at SI Sportsbook. The newest way to place sports bets in on mobile apps, and SI sportsbook have themselves a fantastic mobile app. When using the SI Sportsbook app, you will be amazed at the great features that are included. Not only will you be able to place safe and secure wagers, but you will enjoy other benefits. You can enjoy the fun of live betting, access funds in your account quickly and easily, as well as check out all the amazing existing customer promotions that are available.  Many of the big sports betting sites offer a wide variety of customer support options, with Phone, Live Chat, Email and FAQs among the regular forms of communication. At SI Sportsbook, there is just Email support available at the moment. We would like to see the introduction of other forms of customer support, to make sure if any problems arise then bettors can get the help they need as quickly as possible. Just as the customer support options, the withdrawal methods are limited and take a little longer than at other sportsbooks. Bettors can cash out their winnings using just two methods, Bank Transfer and Play+ card. There are no withdrawal fees, but both methods take up to three working days for the funds to be in your account. Yes, SI Sportsbook operates in Colorado and Virginia with licenses issued by the Colorado Limited Gaming Control Commission and the Virginia Lottery. It is completely legal and secure. Currently, SI Sportsbook operates in just two states : In all states where SI Sportsbook is legal, bettors must be at least 21 years old to create an account and place any wagers. Yes, SI Sportsbook has a fantastic app on both iOS and Android devices. Their app is free to download from the App Store and Play Store. New sportsbooks sometimes take a while to get up to speed with the variety of payment methods the top books offer, but SI Sportsbook has come in pretty comprehensively from the get-go. In order to use SI Sportsbook it needs your location to allow you to play. If you are on the browser site, you may receive a pop-up to allow the website to know your location. Setting for geolocation can be found in your wifi, browser or phone setting if you are using your mobile. Make sure to have this turned on, and SI Sportsbook is unblocked. Unfortunately, bettors in New York are unable to use SI Sportsbook at the moment. There is also no license given to SI Sportsbook in the Empire State, so it’s unlikely that we will see SI Sportsbook in the near future. You can access all of your account information, including current balance and transaction history, by clicking “My Account,” which is listed under your name in the upper-right-hand corner of the page. The SI Sportsbook app is available on both iOS and Android devices. As of June 2022, SI Sportsbook does not accept PayPal as a deposit or withdrawal method. We hope that this changes in the future, as many of the best sports betting sites offer PayPal as a payment method.