Even Brody Jenner wasn’t too happy with “The Hills: New Beginnings.” The 38-year-old reality star shot to fame with the 2006 MTV series “The Hills” and starred in the show’s revival from 2019 until 2021. However, Jenner was relieved when the network canceled the show in January. “I was so stoked,” Jenner revealed to People earlier this week. “To be honest, yeah. It just wasn’t the same experience. It was very stressful. There was a lot of manipulation involved. It was just a lot.” The DJ is set to drop a new “The Hills” rewatch podcast called “Was It Real?” with old costars Audrina Patridge and Frankie Delgado soon. Jenner admitted that many elements changed the series and he changed, too. “I was at a completely different point in my life and what I was sold on, on the show in general, was not what they were producing,” he noted. “I’m like, ‘Dude, I’m f—ing 37 years old. I don’t go out to nightclubs every night and go hunting for chicks in nightclubs. That’s just not me anymore.'” Jenner said that the show was opting to bring on a cast of fresh faces, but things quickly went south. “They had told us in the beginning that, ‘Hey, we’re going to do a new ‘Hills,’ and we want you guys to be on, but we’re going to hire a new, younger cast,'” Jenner recalled. “They said that they were going to hire the new, younger cast like they’re doing now when they originally grabbed us. I was like, ‘Oh, that’s great.’ They’re going to hire a new, younger cast, ‘You guys will come in as the OGs. It’s not going to be focused and centered around you guys.'” However, Jenner added: “That’s not what happened.” “We went in to do the show and it was just like, ‘Nope, it’s only you guys,'” he said. “We had offered them a bunch of different younger people. I offered Brandon [Thomas] Lee, who was great for the show. I had a bunch of people that I kind of gave them and they just didn’t take them. They’re like, ‘No.'” The “Princes of Malibu” star pointed out that there “was so much pressure put on us to drive [the] storyline,” but it was hard to do since they weren’t the same young adults living the life in Los Angeles. “So that was kind of a bummer, because we needed a younger cast to be on there,” Jenner sighed. “I didn’t mind coming in and out and filming and living our authentic lives of where we were at, at that moment, but everything else felt very forced and pushed.” The original “The Hills” premiered in 2006 and lasted until 2010. It centered on “Laguna Beach” star Lauren Conrad as she navigated high school then the high-fashion world of “Teen Vogue” alongside her friends and love interests. Conrad did not return for “The Hills: New Beginnings.”