Even if the ratings have been mediocre, Nancy Pelosi’s January 6 show trial has had its arresting moments, as you might expect from a made-for-TV drama produced by a former ABC News president. Video of former Attorney General Bill Barr saying he always thought election-fraud claims by then-President Donald Trump were “bulls–t” was a highlight. “I thought, ‘Boy if [Trump] really believes this stuff . . . he’s become detached from reality,” Barr told the committee in a snippet of recorded testimony played at Monday’s hearing. Barr’s declaration in December 2020, four weeks after the election, that the Justice Department had found no evidence to support allegations of widespread voter fraud was the death blow to efforts to change the result. If Trump had stopped then and understood that winning the two Senate runoffs in Georgia the following month were crucial to his legacy, the country would have been spared a lot of suffering and Joe Biden’s adventurism would have been kept in check. Trump was the most damaged by the January 6 riot. It handed his enemies a gift, discredited future revelations of election rigging and overshadowed the achievements of his presidency. But there are so many jarring ­hypocrisies and disconnects in the partisan J6 committee, and its grand narrative of a conspiracy orchestrated by Trump and assorted Proud Boys to overturn the election, that we all have to be detached from reality to believe it. Dems are delusional if they think hysterically dramatizing the events of that sad day will help them in the midterms or move the dial one iota on public perception of the Biden administration’s failures. Our memories don’t lie. A two-tier system of justice that offers benign forbearance to violent Democratic allies who break the law and punitive zero tolerance toward nonviolent Trump supporters has destroyed any concept of accountability. We can’t forget the far more lethal BLM/Antifa riots in the months leading up to the 2020 election, which have gone largely unpunished. Just as the J6 rioters were Trump allies, the Antifa rioters were Democratic allies. One group rots in jail; the other continues its reign of terror unmolested. We can’t forget that the whole of Midtown was boarded up in anticipation of the violent riots everyone knew would greet a Trump win. That was the instinct of most people, that the riots were in concert with the Democrats. We can’t forget the lives lost, the $2 billion of property damage, the cops demoralized, and the lawlessness that persists in our cities as a result. We can’t forget the violent armed insurrection outside the White House in May 2020, to use the language of Pelosi’s J6 committee. Domestic terrorists, breaking down barriers, firebombing the historic St. John’s Church, injuring police in an attempt to storm the White House. This was The Washington Post’s idea of “mostly peaceful protests.” We can’t forget that the president and his family had to be whisked into an underground bunker that night for their safety. Yet few were brought to account. Felony rioting charges brought by police against more than 100 people were almost all dropped. We can’t forget the way Biden gave a wink and a nod to the Defund the Police movement during his campaign. The candidate who once styled himself as a law-and-order guy but then refused to condemn violent anarchists torching our cities was happy to slime cops as “systemically racist.” Nor has he condemned the current violence of pro-abortion activists, the attempted assassination of Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, the continuing harassment of judges outside their homes and attacks on pro-life centers across the country since the leak last month of a draft opinion suggesting the court would overturn Roe v. Wade. Those abortion enthusiasts parading and picketing outside Justice Kavanaugh’s house are breaking federal criminal law every bit as much as J6 defendants parading and picketing at the Capitol were. But they get to do it day after day. The FBI conspicuously sent 15 agents to investigate a fake racist noose in NASCAR driver Bubba Wallace’s garage, but the agency is invisible when it comes to the terrorist campaign on pro-life centers by an Antifa-linked group calling itself “Jane’s Revenge.” The FBI field office in Milwaukee told The Federalist that the Madison Police Department “remains the lead agency . . . on the investigation” into the firebombing and vandalism of the Wisconsin Family Action building last month. Jane’s Revenge claimed credit for this and other attacks, declaring “open season” on pro-lifers and promising to escalate the violence, in a statement Tuesday warning of “increasingly drastic measures” that may not be “so easily cleaned up as fire and graffiti.” But the Department of Homeland Security’s reaction to this paroxysm of unhinged violence has been bizarrely obtuse. In a confused intelligence bulletin titled “Potential for Threats to Public Safety in Response to Abortion Debate,” it warned of vague abortion-related extremism across “the broader ideological spectrum,” without specifying whether the threat was from pro- or anti-abortion activists. If you were in any doubt that this was a kowtow to the left, in the next breath the bulletin describes years-old, even decades-old, “historic . . . violent acts . . . primarily committed by abortion-related violent extremists that opposed abortion rights.” But the current threat is from one side, the side that is in a frenzy at the prospect that Roe v. Wade could be overturned. This false-equivalence gambit by the DHS is just another smokescreen to divert blame from the main cause of mayhem in the country: left-wing anarchist violence, which is allowed to continue unchecked because it suits Democrats. So forgive us if we don’t get worked up about the J6 committee’s case against Trump. The country has bigger fish to fry, like surviving the next two years of Biden. On Tuesday, the people spoke when a mostly Hispanic community in the Rio Grande Valley elected a Republican to a Texas seat considered permanently Democrat. Mexican-born Mayra Flores wore a “Border Patrol” hat to defeat Democrat Dan Sanchez in the middle of Pelosi’s show trial. We’ve moved on.