The Issue: President Biden’s low approval ratings in the midst of record-high inflation. The direction our economy and country are headed, with no relief in sight, is extremely disturbing (“Voters: It’s the Economy, Stupid,” June 6). Inflation is at a 40-year high. Gas prices are soaring daily. We have open borders and weakness is being displayed on the world stage. President Biden offers no real solutions. He plays the blame game and accepts no personal responsibility for what’s ailing the country. When the president speaks, we have to wait until the following day for his staff to translate what he really meant, as if he is speaking a foreign language that nobody understands. The majority of Americans are over Biden. The terrifying part is we have two more years of him. Phil Raschiatore Tampa, Fla. When Biden blames higher gas and food prices, along with food shortages, on Russian President Vladimir Putin, he is basically telling the American people that we are dependent on the Russian president for relief. As Americans suffer, this raising of the “white flag” by Biden is a very sad posture. William Carroll Woodside Maybe if these so-called “economic experts” in the Biden administration would take their heads out of their butts and open the pipelines and increase domestic oil and gas production, they would see that it would go a long way to help ease the inflation crisis. But will they? Of course not. They worship at the altar of climate change, regardless of the consequences. How did we go from energy independence to where we are now in just 18 months? Easy answer — the idiots in this administration. God help us. Joseph Paino Manhattan Biden can blame messaging or bad luck all he wants to account for his approval ratings. At the end of the day, there’s very little a marketing campaign can do for bad decisions and bad policy. Voters recognize he’s in charge and is responsible for a large part of the problems impacting our country. Whining isn’t going to change that. Peter W. Kelly Hazlet, NJ The Post editorial “Quit Whining, Joe” (June 1), with which I agree 100%, points out several key crises that Biden and his administration caused over the course of his current term. To me, the most important is his war on the gas and oil industry, which is the primary cause of our current inflation crisis. We all know that Joe sold his soul to the left-wing Green New Deal people way before the election of 2020 because on the day of his inauguration, he shut down the Keystone XL pipeline. If he’s smart, which I believe he is not, all he has to do is restart oil production and inflation will go down. The Post also referenced Biden’s op-ed in The Wall Street Journal. According to Joe, nothing is his fault. I guess the Journal published his op-ed to prove how out of touch he really is. Richard A. Ketay Newark, NJ The latest polls show that 28% of Americans think Biden is doing a good job on inflation and the economy. Some 28% of a population of 330 million is more than 92 million people. That’s a lot of morons who are obviously not in touch with life in the United States. Myron Hecker New City Kudos for Charles Gasparino’s insightful piece “Biden’s Inflator In Chief” (June 5). He exposes how Biden and his “economic” hitman, National Economic Council Director Brian Deese, have continued former President Barack Obama’s weaponization of our government agencies with their arbitrary and capricious regulations on the production of our own energy. They have deprived our petroleum industry of the capital it needs to develop our domestic natural resources. This, along with Biden’s frivolous squandering of our wealth, is a “root cause” of our inflation. It’s not attributable to Putin’s follies. James Evans Worcester, Mass. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.