Queen Elizabeth II may have turned 96 in April, but Her Majesty will celebrate another major milestone through the weekend. The Platinum Jubilee marks Her Majesty’s 70 years on the throne — a big tribute for the longest-serving monarch. The UK will host several activities for royal supporters and her famous family to celebrate. Royal Communications confirmed that Prince Harry and Duchess Megan Markle will be in attendance at the queen’s birthday parade on Thursday. However, Prince Andrew will not be there. Britain’s BBC is partnering with ABC to broadcast all the events in America. Other US news channels, including NBC, also will cover some events. What it is: The giant annual parade starts with the queen riding out of London’s Buckingham Palace in a horse and carriage. The money shot comes at the end of the route when the queen and her family appear at the palace and wave at supporters from a balcony. However, for the first time in 70 years, Queen Elizabeth won’t be present to receive the royal salute during the parade itself. Instead, her son and heir Prince Charles, 73, daughter Princess Anne, 71, and grandson Prince William, 39, will be on hand. Where and how to watch: ABC News or SkyNews’ YouTube channel at 5 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET What it is: Over 1,500 beacons will be lit across the UK, including one in Buckingham Palace, to kick off the Platinum Jubilee. Where and how to watch: ABC News at 4 p.m. ET What it is: The ceremony will be held at St. Paul’s Cathedral and will likely feature readings from the Bible, as well as prayers and hymns. Where and when to watch: 4:15 a.m. ET on BBC One and BBC iPlayer What it is: 20,000 people will watch Queen and Adam Lambert will open the star-studded concert. Rod Stewart, Duran Duran, Andrea Bocelli and Diana Ross are also scheduled to perform in person, while Elton John will appear via video. Where and when to watch: BBC One and ABC News at 2:30 p.m. ET.  It will also stream on Hulu on Sunday. What it is: Performers, military personnel, workers and volunteers will all partake in this event that will reflect on the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. Where and when to watch: BBC One at 9 a.m. ET. It will also be on Hulu on Monday.