When it rains, it pours. Unfortunately for some drenched Halsey fans, the pop singer’s show was canceled due to extreme flooding at the venue. At first, the scheduled 7 p.m. show was delayed but inevitably called off despite the sea of concert-goers waiting patiently in the Columbia, Maryland, downpour Wednesday night. Water surged down the bleachers and flooded the floor, as shown on Twitter by Halsey fans who can be heard screaming in videos. “There’s no way this Halsey Maryland show is real like WHAT,” tweeted one person, who posted a clip in the front row of the venue as water poured — and rodents crawled onstage. One video shows a security guard kicking a rat into the flooded area between the stage and crowd, who scream as the pest swims away and the venue turned into a moat. Other clips showed a cascade of water flowing down the bleachers and off the roof, falling onto unsuspecting fans in the crowd. Yet, some people made the most of the unfortunate situation online. “Halsey’s team went all out with the special effects for this tour,” joked another user, showing the rain-induced waterfall. “Are y’all attending a Halsey concert or a pool party,” quipped someone else. Halsey went live on Instagram to explain the situation and address the weather, stating she even travels with the help of weather experts who advised there was only going to be some rain that was “supposed to pass.” But, some “unpredictable” weather immediately became dangerous. Local authorities advised people to shelter in place and not to evacuate due to the possibility of stampedes and the uncertainty of how dangerous the weather could become. In the clip, which a Halsey fan account recorded and posted to Twitter in two parts, the singer described that she “made the decision” to keep her fans safe. “I just want everybody to be safe,” she said “I’m literally heartbroken.” She promised a rescheduling of the show, then later tweeted an apology to her Maryland fans, saying she was “panicked” and that “I love you guys more than anything.” “I really want to add that I am beyond disappointed with the way the venue handled everything tonight and my rescheduled date will be happening somewhere else,” the “Hurricane” singer tweeted next. “I hear you guys loud and clear I promise.”