Embattled Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg refused Tuesday to address Mayor Eric Adams’ complaint that the city’s criminal justice system has been turned into a “laughingstock” by prosecutors, judges and legislators whose soft-on-crime policies put shooting suspects right back on the streets. During a news conference about a gun-trafficking probe, Bragg dodged questions from The Post about Adams’ remarks and a new poll that found more than seven in 10 New Yorkers fear becoming victims of violent crime. “As the commissioner said, we are law enforcement partners rowing in the same direction, focusing on the types of cases that we are here today to talk about and that’s what we’re here today to talk about,” he said at NYPD headquarters in Manhattan. Bragg also claimed he wasn’t following Tuesday’s high-profile recall election against San Francisco District Attorney Chesa Boudin, whose progressive prosecution policies are similar to those Bragg announced shortly after taking office in January. “I’m focused on New York City. I’m focused on crime here and doing the kinds of cases we’re talking about today,” he said. “And to the extent I’m thinking about other states and other locations, it’s the ones that are sending these deadly weapons here.” On Monday, Adams lashed out at the city’s prosecutors and judges for not locking up suspected shooters and their associates, saying that “the bad guys no longer take them seriously.” “They believe our criminal justice system is a laughingstock of our entire country,” he added. Bragg’s assertion that he and the NYPD were “rowing in the same direction” followed several notable instances in which he’s come under fire from cops, including Commissioner Keechant Sewell, who emailed the entire department shortly after Bragg released his “Day One” policy memo. “I have studied these policies and I am very concerned about the implications to your safety as police officers, the safety of the public and justice for the victims,” Sewell wrote at the time, as first revealed by The Post. Sewell and Bragg later held a sit-down that they both described as “productive.” The Sergeants Benevolent Association also said that a prosecutor following Bragg’s orders filed a complaint against a robbery suspect that “intentionally omitted” an allegation that a pair of scissors were brandished during the Jan. 6 incident at a TJ Maxx store in Chelsea. The arresting officer refused to sign the complaint until that information was added but prosecutors still downgraded a third-degree robbery charge to petit larceny, in keeping with Bragg’s directives, sources said at the time. Sources have also said Bragg’s office initially balked at a request for a “no-knock” warrant for a dangerous ex-con, delaying his arrest in an armed bodega robbery, and the head of the Detectives Endowment Association said another suspect allegedly killed a man with a gun after Bragg’s office failed to obtain a warrant for the weapon in a domestic incident a month earlier. Amid widespread outrage over his policies, Bragg walked back two in February with a memo that said, “The default in gun cases is a felony prosecution.” “A commercial robbery at knifepoint, or by other weapon that creates a risk of physical harm, will be charged as a felony,” he added. Legal experts have told The Post that Boudin’s recall election could be bad news for Bragg if ultra-liberal San Francisco voters decide to oust their district attorney. “If Boudin is removed it should send shockwaves throughout every progressive prosecutor’s office,” Manhattan prosecutor-turned-defense lawyer Mark Bederow said Monday. “Every progressive prosecutor, Bragg included, will take note that if a progressive prosecutor in San Francisco can be thrown overboard by an overwhelming liberal electorate, voters elsewhere — including Manhattan — may do the same thing.”