With just one walk down the vitamin aisle in your local grocery store, it’s simple to have questions about your daily nutritional intake — not to mention, even more questions when you’re expecting. “What are the best nutrients and supplements to add to my diet? How much folic acid do I need if I’m pregnant?” Luckily, the best prenatal vitamins for men and women help those who need a bit more “nutrition assistance” when feeding for two (or more!) “A prenatal vitamin contains a combination of vitamins and minerals in amounts that are ideal for before, during and after pregnancy,” Jessica Monroe, PhD, RD, owner and lead dietician of Fresh Nutrition & Wellness — who specializes in preconception through postpartum nutrition, told the New York Post. “Nutrients are needed in greater amounts during this time and a prenatal vitamin can help ensure adequate amounts are consumed.” Enter Beli: the brand for prenatal vitamins supporting pregnancy and beyond. Yes, the brand has your best interests in mind as you’re planning to conceive — but they also want to make sure you’re healthy after-the-fact as well. “Beli is different because it includes amounts of important nutrients such as vitamin D and choline that are backed by research,” Monroe adds, vetting the prenatals. “Beli contains 4000 IU of vitamin D3 which has been shown in research to be effective in improving and maintaining vitamin D levels in pregnant women, too.” What’s more, Beli also contains 400 mg of choline, a nutrient vital in brain development of the fetus which, per Monroe, “is rare to find in a prenatal vitamin.” Impressively, you’re also getting those amounts of nutrients in only three pills, which “is convenient for pregnancy (especially if nausea is present in the first trimester),” she adds. If you’re under the impression that prenatal vitamins (or, vitamins of any kind for that matter) are ineffective — think again. According to Johns Hopkins Medicine, “appropriate and timely vitamin and mineral supplementation” is part of “a healthy lifestyle during pregnancy.” And, while the majority of medical professionals recommend obtaining these nutrients by way of whole foods, a quality prenatal vitamin will help women fill in those dietary gaps. The brand has a bounty of benefits surrounding its men’s and women’s offerings alike (per its website): they’re non-GMO, gluten-and allergen-free, vegan, American-made, manufactured in an FDA-registered facility and contain custom formulations of high-quality ingredients. In short, Beli is a straightforward, transparent wellness brand with a mission to bolster the health of everyone preparing for a new bundle of joy. Even if you’re not on the brink of conceiving, it’s recommended to add prenatal vitamins to your daily routine as early as your 20s. Make sure you speak with your doctor if you have any underlying conditions or concerns. “I recommend people start taking a prenatal as soon as they have the thought [of wanting to have a baby,]” Monroe said. “It’s never too early to start preparing your body for pregnancy or improving egg and sperm quality.” Though nutrient-dense and safe, there are some caveats with prenatal vitamin intake — much like you’d expect with an intake of any supplement to your whole foods-based diet. According to Monroe, postmenopausal women or anyone with a condition where taking a prenatal is contraindicated — say, an iron metabolism disorder — should steer clear of use. For additional questions, we advise speaking to a trusted medical professional. When one thinks of prenatal vitamins, it’s typical for a woman to have them in her medicine cabinet or on her nightstand. But, it’s equally as important to consider men’s health — which is exactly what Beli sets out to do. After all, it takes two to make a healthy baby. “Sperm quality is just as important as egg quality so men taking a prenatal to improve sperm health will positively impact the health of the baby,” Monroe notes. “Beli Men’s prenatal provides nutrients to help with important aspects of sperm health such as count, motility and morphology.” Click here for more information on Beli’s Men’s Prenatal Vitamins, including how to order. Beli’s men’s products are designed to: Click here for more information on Beli’s Men’s Prenatal Vitamins, including how to order. Beli’s women’s products are designed to: Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content. 