Social media watchdogs are crying “catfish” over one glamorous influencer’s alarming makeup-free appearance. Julia Grandoni — who has declared herself “your mom’s favorite TikToker” — hopped on the viral trend where users share before and after photos of themselves all made up. The Quebec woman, who works in digital advertising, posted a picture of herself sporting a tight, black dress and perfectly coiffed hair. She then stitched it with a video of herself lying in bed, mouthing lyrics along to the Roy Woods-Drake collaboration “Girl That’s Not Me” and laughing. The now-viral clip, posted on March 21, has been viewed nearly 13 million times and has 1.9 million likes as of Wednesday night. Grandoni told Need To Know that the glow-up takes her two hours to perfect her jaw-dropping makeup makeovers seen in the video compilation above. Commenters are either awestruck or dumbfounded at Grandoni’s witchcraft. “I’ll never date again,” one user wrote. “Gotta be illegal,” another one declared. Someone else commented: “This is why guys need to take girls swimming before committing to a relationship.” “This is why I have trust issues,” agreed one viewer, while another user added, “I’m scared to meet women now.” “My makeup doesn’t do that,” commented one more follower, while still another user called her a “shape shifter.” Others shared their own experiences with real-life chameleons. “I get this. Once my neighbor came to the door and asked for my ‘sister.’ I have NO sister! She was used to seeing glammed up me not nerd me,” one wrote. “I love that you show your face with no makeup! We need to normalize that natural is also beautiful,” said another user. Someone else added: “That happened to me several years ago. A repair man that was in the house saw a picture of me on the mantle & asked who was that? I said it’s me!” Regardless, of public perception, Grandoni told NeedToKnow.online she made the video so that people know she’s comfortable in her own skin. In fact, her brush with fame as the “#1 catfish” only increased after she was previously spotted by The Post last month. “The reaction was pretty good at the start, but later on people started to think different how I’m just some catfish,” said Grandoni, a burgeoning influencer who has not revealed her actual age but is rumored to be in her mid-30s. “The angle I used at the end of my video was total over-exaggerated and it was to perceive that I am ugly IN BIG, but other than that it doesn’t take much for me to look the way I usually do – I usually never wear makeup.”