A QAnon conspiracy theorist who allegedly killed his two children with a spearfishing gun because they inherited his wife’s “serpent DNA” now realizes he was delusional, according to a report. Matthew Taylor Coleman, 40, detailed his revelation in a two-page letter written to a friend from an undisclosed prison in California, where he remains jailed on charges of killing his 10-month-old daughter and 2-year-old son in Mexico, People reported Wednesday. “I was deceived,” Coleman reportedly wrote in the letter. “I was deceiving myself. I know now that the [serpent] DNA thing was a delusion in my own mind. I made myself believe something that wasn’t there.” Coleman, of Santa Barbara, California, mentioned in the letter that he didn’t have access to conspiracy-laden websites or other materials while locked up on two counts of foreign first-degree murder of US nationals. He has pleaded not guilty. “I’m sorting through it all now,” he said of his beliefs in conspiracy theories. “There’s a lot to unpack, but I have to figure out what I really believe, but I don’t have access to information anymore, so I’m having to use my mind to figure things out.” The handwritten letter on lined notebook paper was penned in late May, according to the report. Coleman was reported missing by his wife, Abby, on Aug. 7 after he fled the family’s home with their kids — 2-year-old Kaleo and 10-month-old Roxy — and took them to Rosarito, Mexico, court documents show. Coleman allegedly killed his children with a spear gun blast through their chests. He was arrested by Customs and Border Protection agents when he tried to return to the US alone two days later, according to an FBI affidavit. Mexican authorities discovered the bodies of young victims matching a description of Coleman’s children in a ditch, the affidavit stated. Coleman confessed to the slayings, telling the feds he thought his children were “going to grow into monsters so he had to kill them,” according to the affidavit. “He said visions and signs revealed that his wife possessed serpent DNA … and had passed it onto his children and that all things were pointing to the idea that his children have corrupted DNA that will spread if something is not done about it,” the document continued. Coleman’s wife, meanwhile, had called cops after he disappeared in August and said they had no marital issues while adding she expected him to return home with their two children. Attempts to reach Coleman’s public defender were unsuccessful, People reported.