When the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Colorado Avalanche face off in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night, expect the teams’ biggest fans to be cheering them on. The Lightning — who are looking to defend their back-to-back Stanley Cup titles after defeating the New York Rangers in the Eastern Conference Final — will have to roll through Colorado, where the Avalanche will host the first two games of the series following their sweep of the Edmonton Oilers in the Western Conference Final. Before the puck drops, get to know some of the significant others of Lightning and Avalanche players. Steven Stamkos has been married to longtime girlfriend Sandra Porzio since 2017, when the couple tied the knot in Toronto, according to NHL.com. Stamkos, 32, and Porzio are now proud parents to two young sons, Carter and Chase, the latter of whom arrived last year. The whole Stamkos family jetted to Nashville in February for the Stadium Series against the Predators, when Porzio was photographed on the ice sporting Stamkos’ No. 91 on a personalized cap. High-school sweethearts, Ryan McDonagh married Kaylee in July 2013, around the same time the NHL defenseman inked a six-year deal with the Rangers, who first acquired him in 2009. The couple welcomed their first child, daughter Falan, in 2016 and relocated to Tampa two years later, when McDonagh, 33, was traded to the Lightning. Following McDonagh’s first championship win with the Lightning in 2020, the family posed for playful photos with Lord Stanley’s Cup. Kaylee and company also enjoyed family time on the ice in February, when the Lightning faced the Nashville Predators as part of the Stadium Series. Though the Kucherovs keep much of their personal lives private, the Lightning winger, 28, has shared bits of his home life with Anastasiya on Instagram. The couple, who reportedly tied the knot in 2015, are also parents to a young son named Max, with the trio frequently appearing on Kucherov’s Instagram page. In 2020, after the Lightning defeated the Dallas Stars in the Stanley Cup Final, Kucherov and his family took the cup out for a spin on a boat. The trio posed for a similar shot a year later following Tampa’s second-straight Stanley Cup victory, this time, over the Montreal Canadiens. Patrick Maroon married lady love Francesca in 2020, which the 34-year-old winger proudly announced in an Instagram post, writing, “The new Mr. Maroon and Mrs. Maroon.” Though Francesca keeps a low profile on social media, Maroon has shared photos of his family life, including an adorable photo of their baby girl hanging out in the Lightning’s locker room. The love story between Lightning goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy and his wife, Kseniya, began in an unexpected place. “I met Kseniya on the airplane, we were next one another and started talking, then we kept on talking on social networks. And you know the rest,” the 27-year-old athlete told The Hockey Writers in 2014, with the pair reportedly tying the knot a short while later. The couple has made red carpet appearances over the years, including the 2019 NHL Awards in Las Vegas. It’s been a whirlwind year for Avalanche goalie Darcy Kuemper. Not only did the 32-year-old get traded to Colorado from the Arizona Coyotes last July, but he and girlfriend Sydney tied the knot a month later. In an Instagram post from their special day, Kuemper gushed, “Best Day Ever 08.06.21.” The couple is also parents to an adorable fur baby, who has made a few cameos on Kuemper’s Instagram page. Married since 2018, Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog and wife Melissa Shouldice are the proud parents of two adorable children. Although Shouldice keeps her social media private, Landeskog, 29, regularly shares sweet snaps of the couple, who has been together since 2012. For Shouldice’s 30th birthday in January, Landeskog shared a touching Instagram tribute that read, “30 looks good on you my love.” Nazem Kadri and wife Ashley Cave first crossed paths in early 2016 before tying the knot less than two years later, when the Avalanche center, 31, was still a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Ashley, who promotes her husband’s charity, the Nazem Kadri Foundation, on social media, also runs a page for their cat, Jazzy. Recently, Ashley revealed that she and her family were the targets of racist social media threats. In the wake of the harrowing incident, a message was posted to Jazzy’s page that thanked fans for their support and for their kind words.