Investing in a mattress is definitely worth the money — after all, we do spend a good chunk of our time sleeping. The average American will spend 36 years in bed throughout their lifetime — but only about 53 percent actually enjoy their bed! Of course, one way to change that is by creating the ideal bedding set up: soft sheets, a comfy duvet, maybe even a throw blanket and of course, a decent mattress. Finding the perfect mattress can be challenging but since boxed options are so popular these days, picking one out is a lot easier, thanks to the plethora of options. Nevertheless, online shopping for a mattress has its own set of obstacles so we reached out to the Sleep Foundation to get some tips. “It’s important to consider your build (height/weight), and your sleep position (side, back, stomach, combination) when choosing a mattress,” said Logan Foley, Sleep Science Coach and Managing Editor at the Sleep Foundation. “For instance, a sleeper who is 5’1 and weighs less than 130 pounds could find a mattress more firm than someone who is 6’1 and over 230 pounds.” “When buying online, a consumer won’t have access to a customer service representative to help them with their specific sleep needs,” Foley said. “This means they need to be more aware of what they want in a mattress than someone who shops in-store.” Overall: The Sleep Foundation suggests a medium soft firmness level for sleepers under 130 pounds, medium firm between 130-230 pounds, and extra firm for sleepers 230+ pounds. Whether you’re looking for a firm mattress to help with back pain, a plush memory-foam option that makes you feel like you’re sleeping on a cloud every night or a medium-firm mattress that is the perfect amount of softness and hardness, there are tons of amazing brands that sell elite options that can be delivered right to your doorstep. So while you may not be going into the store to test out every mattress, the industry is wide open with possibilities. Note: make sure to look out for discounts as many of these brands participate in sales throughout the year. Cocoon by Sealy offers a variety of different mattresses, including their most popular “Chill Mattress.” It’s meant for sleepers who want motion isolation, conforming support and a modern feel. Note: use promo code NYPOST to get 36% off your purchase For those looking for a sustainable and organic mattress, Avocado may be the way to go. All of their mattresses are handmade in Los Angeles. Leesa offers four mattresses: the brand’s original, hybrid, legend and a studio option. They also have four different bases to choose from, including an adjustable pick to customize your sleep experience completely. Saatva is another excellent company to buy a mattress online. They have a plethora of different types, including their Solaire Adjustable Mattress. It comes in the typical mattress sizes, but if you’re in the market for a king or California king, the option to split the mattress is available — making it ideal for partners who like to sleep differently. Brooklyn Bedding could be an excellent choice for you, too. They’re currently doing a sale, offering 25% off the entire website. Temper-Pedic has many different mattresses online, but their most popular option — “TEMPUR-ProAdapt” — has more than 2,500 positive reviews and comes in soft, medium, medium hybrid and firm softness. Birch is another great organic mattress company that sells one mattress with stellar airflow and breathability, optimized for pressure relief and sustainably sourced. Casper is one of the most popular modern-day mattress companies online that sells four choices: the wave hybrid, the nova hybrid, the original and the element. Nectar offers a wide variety of options that are great for many types of sleepers and budgets. Mattress Firm is another good place to look if you want to go the traditional route and shop for more than one brand, including Sleepy’s, Tempur-Pedic, Sealy and many more. Awara sells one organic, latex-hybrid mattress that was designed with wrapped coil springs to provide contour and a touch of bounce for supportive sleep throughout the night. Bear Mattress features many different options, but the brand’s original mattress has three layers of comfort: cooling graphite-gel memory foam, responsive transition foam and high-density support foam. Shop for the perfect mattress at Macy’s. They sell many brands on this list, like Serta, Sealy, Leesa, Purple and more. The DreamCloud Sleep has two mattresses for sale: their original DreamCloud mattress and the DreamCloud Premier mattress. GhostBed has four mattresses: the classic, flex, luxe and the 3D Matrix. Walmart sells many different mattress brands, including Zinus, Slumber, Lucid and more. You can find plenty of great mattresses — with thousands of reviews — on Amazon.com, many of which will be delivered right to your doorstep in just two days, thanks to two-day Prime shipping. Wayfair is a great place to shop for a mattress because they have many different options — and usually at a discount! At Overstock you can find discounted mattresses from brands like Sealy, BeautyRest, Lucid and others. If you’re shopping on a budget, Zinus is a great place to look for a mattress if you’re shopping on a budget. Some of their products start as low as $150! Take advantage of mattress options from Purple: the brand’s classic, hybrid,  hybrid premier and more. Floyd Home offers one hybrid mattress which features memory foam and coils — designed to bring you both sturdy support and contouring comfort. It features 1,000 pocketed coils that provide zoned support, paired with a breathable open-cell foam infused with copper and graphite to dissipate body heat and contour your body. Amerisleep has three mattresses: AS2 (it’s the most popular mattress for dynamic support and back pain relief), AS3 (blends support, softness and pressure relief for all sleep styles) and AS5 (a soft mattress, offering responsive support and cushioning comfort). Zoma offers two different mattress options: the original and hybrid. The original features less motion transfer, better spine alignment and zoned support while the hybrid has a bouncier feel, better breathability and edge support. You can’t go wrong with Layla Sleep. The brand uses cutting-edge technology with a luxurious feel to create quality and long-lasting mattresses. Plush Beds sells a wide variety of natural and organic mattresses and two memory foam options. Nolah provides a variety of luxurious mattress picks, including its original 10-inch option, signature 12-inch and natural 11-inch, which is made with eco-friendly and hypoallergenic natural Talalay latex hybrid material. It’s wrapped in an organic cotton cover and packed with comfort features. Sleep Number is a one-stop shop for mattresses, bedding and pillows. The brand offers many different options in their classic, performance, innovation and memory foam series. Raymour & Flanigan offers a wide variety of options, from twins to California king beds and even split mattresses. Emma Sleep sells one option at the moment: it’s the original mattress, and for its quality structure and ideal price point, you can’t go wrong. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.