More than a dozen Russian army wives have recorded a video appeal demanding to have their “exhausted” husbands sent home after fighting in Ukraine for more than four months without leave. Sixteen women recorded the video addressed to the head of Russia’s Republic of Burytia. In it, they said that their husbands’ deployment began in January, when they were sent to Belarus for “military drills.” When Russian forces invaded Ukraine on Feb. 24, the soldiers were shipped across the border to take part in Russia’s so-called “special military operation.” All the men are from military unit 46108 of the 5th Tatsin separate tank brigade from Buryatia — the region with the highest known death toll from the war. “They are exhausted both morally and physically,” the wives said in their joint statement. “All of them have suffered mild- and medium-level injuries caused by blast waves.” The women added that the soldiers have been living in field conditions since January, and many of them are suffering from cold-like symptoms that require medical checkups. “Note that many of the servicemen have not had a holiday in over a year,” the women stated. “We are asking you to consider rotating the servicemen (out of Ukraine) and replacing them with other soldiers who have not been previously engaged in the special military operation.” The video statement was addressed to head of the Buryatia Oblast Aleksei Tsydenov — a staunch loyalist of President Vladimir Putin. One of the women in the video, Vera Partilkhayeva, reportedly wrote on her social media pages that the death of Buryat men fighting in the “unjust” war should be on Tsydenov’s conscience. Partilkhayeva shared the video recording on Instagram, but later deleted her page. The women could potentially face prosecution and prison sentences of up to 15 years for publicly criticizing Russia’s armed forces and the war effort. To date, at least 30 servicemen from the Buryatia tank brigade alone have been confirmed killed in the war, and across that impoverished region, at least 206 soldiers have perished so far. Ukraine has accused two soldiers from this brigade of war crimes involving the torture of civilians and large-scale theft. The independent news site Lyudi Baikala reported that two to three military funerals take place in the Buryat city of Ulan-Ude every day.