A single bag has the power to make or break a perfectly good outfit. Don’t believe us? Well, let’s take a look at some examples. You pair you brand new espadrille shoes with crisp white jeans and an ideal summer top. Your throw on a clunky backpack and instantly turn your summer fit into a junior high school student’s attire. Instead, opt for a small tweed purse for a light and airy approach. Let’s take another example. You’re wearing a leather moto jacket and some new kicks. You tack on a thick crossbody bag, and you turn your edgy fit into a Disney mom look. Try a small neon purse instead. You see, it’s all about the bag, because a small detail has the ability to transform your look in a big way. Speaking of small details and purses, the latest trend is none other than the mini bag. It’s tiny but mighty and comes in all shapes and sizes. Best of all, it’s so small you’re forced to only carry the essentials and become the trendy minimalist you’ve been dying to become. So, let’s take a look at some of the most internet-breaking mini bags, shall we? Better yet, select an option below to shop the mini bags of your choice. Available in grass green, purple, classic blue, light yellow and so many more vibrant colors, this ruched lambskin bag is next level. Everything from the hobo body, ruched handle and dipped center will make your mini bag dreams come true. Jump on board this summer’s hottest trend with the itty bitty crossbody purse. It’s cute, it’s colorful and it’s tiny! Choose from yellow, hot pink, white and more. This bag screams New York, and we at The Post are more than here for it. Enjoy deliciously good pizza, slice, heart shaped pepperoni, sparkly jewels and dripping gem cheese. She’s small and she’s cute. Best of all, the soft mixing of blues and oranges makes this bag a statement. We also can’t forget about the press-point closure, which adds a vintage feel to this modern mini purse. Available in yellow, lime green, lavender and more, this mini embossed handbag is hot and trendy. Don’t believe us? Then simply take a look at the bag’s gold chain detailing and structured body. A tiny but mighty bag, this mini find is compact, cute and stylish. Choose from green, purple, beige, white or black and wear it as a crossbody or over your wrist. A limited-edition Ace Mini? Count us in! This one features a charming heart appliqué, pink and red color blocking and a cupid’s arrow. It’s whimsical, fun and sweet. Perfectly sized, this mini tote is made with eco linen and calf leather. The branded web top handles also make this bag a statement piece while the removable crossbody strap keeps this bag on trend. Who says you need to spend a fortune to get the look? Not us! So opt for this affordable mini travel tote ideal for the beach, park and everything in between. The bags features multiple pockets, a button closure and feature eco-friendly material. Score it in various design, patterns and color too. Don’t just settle for a mini tote. Opt for a lightweight mini version! This Tory Burch bag features durable recycled nylon, the brand’s signature logo, a secure zipper closure, handles and a removable crossbody strap. We have heart eyes for this 100% natural burlap tote. Sure, it seems like it’s nothing special, but this small tote can be dressed up or down, used for grocery shopping or events and goes with just about everything. You can even tie a silk scarf like this one around the top handles for an elevated look. Slip it onto your wrist or attach the crossbody strap for hands-free styling. Either way, you’ll fall in love with the cotton canvas, bright colors, top zipper closure and bold script. Choose from classic black or bubblegum pink to rock this 1993-crowd favorite. Details include a drop handle, matte lining, a pinmount logo and interior pockets. Sporting the brand’s signature diamond quilting from 1955, this mini bag is classic and chic. The small cross body is made of black leather, features an interlocking CC clasp and gold-tone hardware. Featuring an interlocking G, this mini tote is slim, divine and gorgeous. The oatmeal, cream and white colors effortlessly blend to create a fresh look while the canvas and leather add texture. The two top handles also make for practicality while the adjustable shoulder strap allows for versatility. The brand’s classic monogram print comes to life on this mini Speedy bag. It’s ideal for carrying your essentials and looking good while doing it. This What Goes Around Comes Around find is also in good condition, so you know what you’re getting is the real deal. Every woman needs a mini bag, and if it’s Prada, it’s all the better. Get ready to fall in love with the brand’s recycled nylon fabric, the staple triangle enamel and a single top handle. There is also an internal logo plaque to keep the luxe and allure going. Sure, you can opt for the OG saddle bag, or you can stay on top of the trends and opt for this iconic micro version. Features include a bright pink goatskin, a saddle flap, an antique gold finish, signature metal “D” and an adjustable/removable shoulder strap. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.