No matter what social media trolls say, one TikToker says she won’t be deterred from wearing exactly what she wants to wear. Despite internet trolls telling her she’s too big to wear a crop top or bikini, this mid size influencer says she’ll continue wearing these for as long as she wants, and it’s not really anyone else’s business. TikToker Bel, known to her followers as @curvesonabundance, says she’s “here to give you the confidence to wear THAT outfit!” And with over 22K followers and 135K likes it’s clear that many people support her message of body confidence and positivity. One video she posted focuses on having the confidence to wear crop tops no matter your size, she captioned this video “where are my big belly goddesses?” The clip’s text reads “POV: you think you can’t wear crop tops because of your belly!” before swiftly changing to “yes you can.” Commenters on the video shared their own insecurities and how they hope to become more confident like Bel, with one writing: “I’ve been working up my confidence to wear clothes like that for summer. My mommy belly makes me badly self conscious.” Bel replied to this commenter with: “Keep working on it babe, be gentle to yourself. It takes time and your mommy belly wants to get some sun as well.” “Teach me your confidence, please you’re beautiful, l I am the same body type as you. I would love to wear a crop top” wrote a second TikTok user. While a third wrote: “If it’s in your size YOU ARE MADE TO WEAR IT!” Although many of the comments were largely supportive, some trolls did comment on the video with things such as “but should you” and “no you can’t.” To these trolls, Bel simply replied “yes I can” and “stop me.” In another video, Bel says she’d been told: “I don’t think someone your size should be wearing a bikini.” In response to these comments, Bel shows herself wearing a bikini, proving that yes, she can and will wear a bikini. Bel wants to encourage more mid and plus size women to feel comfortable wearing bikinis. In one video she says: “I wish to see more big belly goddesses in a bikini this summer.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.