New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NPBONUS15. Check out how to claim a $1,500 risk-free bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,500. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. Given the drama of the past few weeks, you’d think that the sports action would be thin on the ground, but you’d be wrong! There’s still much action to look forward to as we reach the summer’s climax. MLS season is in full swing and the two teams in the Empire State are flying. The teams faced each other in the US Open Cup last week, where the Red Bulls prevailed 3-0. NYCFC are on the round this weekend, taking on Philadelphia Union. The Citizens drew 1-1 with the Rapids last time out, and are just a point clear of their city rivals. The Red Bulls have been scoring for fun lately, notching 12 goals in their last four games. They’ll face LAFC on Sunday, who sit top of the Western Conference. Gerhard Struber’s men will be hoping to avoid defeat to keep in touch with NYCFC, but know they are up against it against a strong LAFC side. New York Mets are still sitting pretty on top of the NL East, with 45 wins to their name. They began a three game series against the Marlins on Friday, travelling down to Florida for the weekend. The Yankees have a league high 52 wins, giving their fans hope of a first championship since 2009. Fresh off a dynamite UFC Austin Fight Night card, the UFC returns to the APEX center for UFC Vegas 57. Given the fantastic fights that seem to dominate the cards that take place in front of a live audience, one can’t help but feel a bit down the action is going back to the isolation created by the APEX. The main event sees Arman Tsarukyan take on Mateusz Gamrot, with Neil Magny vs. Shavkat Rakhmonov the pick of the rest of the card. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.