And you thought your parents were strict. One mom requires her 22-year-old daughter to take a breathalyzer test every time she returns from a late night out. Jin, 22, went viral online for a clip that showed her mom testing her breath for alcohol, revealing that she was banned from drinking until she marries. The clip, posted to the Chinese social media site Weibo, received over 290 million views on the platform, Insider reported. “I’ve always passed the breathalyzer test because I don’t even dare to drink,” she told the Chinese news outlet Xing Video, according to Insider. The obedient young adult also said she abides by her 10 p.m. curfew to keep her mom “at ease.” Users commented on the video condemning the mother’s “suffocating” parenting style. “This is not parenting. It’s practically foot binding,” wrote one user referring to the now-banned, once-traditional Chinese custom that broke and bound girls’ feet to make them smaller and seemingly more beautiful. “She’s already 22, it’s time for the mother to learn to let go,” another person wrote. Yet, others understood the mother’s persistence and worry about her daughter’s safety, citing cases of abuse that involved alcohol. “There have been so many terrible cases of women being abused because of drunk men recently. The mother is just trying to protect her child,” someone else commented. Just last year, there were multiple high-profile rape allegations that were linked to alcohol consumption in China. Namely, allegations against an Alibaba manager resulted in his removal from the company, along with two executives. The sudden employment termination came after a female employee revealed an 11-page account of the alleged situation in which she claimed her boss, Wang Chengwen, and a client sexually assaulted her after pressuring her to drink. Chengwen then, according to the woman, allegedly kissed and groped her. Along with her claims, she said the company’s human resource department and superiors fell short – allegedly not handling the matter appropriately in the five days since reporting the incident.