It’s a case of parent-normal activity. A woman relayed the terrifying tale of why her 2-year-old daughter has been sleeping in her bed for over a year: She claimed that a terrifying mommy “doppelgänger” is visiting her in the night. “This is why she sleeps in my bed,” reads the caption to the hair-raising video uploaded by TikTok user @not.cristinayang, detailing the spine-tingling alleged ordeal which has scared 4.3 million viewers. “Here’s the reason my daughter sleeps in my bed at night,” explained the disturbed parent. “And it’s not because I think it’s so fun to snuggle up with a toddler who kicks me in the stomach and the face.” Per the clip, the terrifying saga began one night after the mom had tried to put her to sleep in her crib, whereupon she climbed out of her “pack and play” and started screaming “bloody murder.” “She looks just like you but I know she’s not you,” the child recounted, per the chilling clip. The parent was exhausted after putting her to bed what seemed like eight times, so she caved and let her pride and joy sleep with her and her husband. After a few night terrors, the terrified tot finally fell asleep, per the video. All appeared hunky dory until several days later when her daughter again refused to sleep in her own bed. The mom said she asked what was amiss, whereupon the tyke dropped the petrifying bombshell. “She’s like, ‘Mommy, there’s someone else that comes in here. She looks just like you, but I know she’s not you,'” the mother recalled. “Excuse me, what?” When the parent asked her daughter to elaborate, she reportedly claimed that the freaky facsimile “wants me to follow her inside my closet, and I don’t want to go with her,” per the clip. “That’s not me,” said the distraught mom, who claimed she’d never “asked her daughter to go inside her closet.” She added, “I’ve asked her to get stuff from her closet but not go inside with me.” Needless to say, the unsettling tale sent shivers across the TikTokverse. “Well I’m not sleeping tonight now,” said one petrified poster, while another wrote. “I’d move to a different continent and live in a mole person home underground bye.” One commenter said, “I’m glad you believed her and let her sleep with you. I’m always yelling at scary movies when parents still let their kids sleep alone lol.” Another commenter compared the situation to the Other Mother from the macabre kid’s movie “Coraline.” Meanwhile, some people even claimed they also encountered creepy lookalikes while growing up with one insisting, “This happened to me as a kid! I don’t remember it but my mom does.” “I’ve had a woman who looked exactly like my mom and kept demanding me to follow her too,” claimed another. “My niece also saw someone looking like my sister. It’s real!” One occult believer postulated that the alleged facsimile was a “mimic.” “Some spirits can copy your voice or appearance,” they wrote. “Not sure if they’re dangerous or not.” One samaritan even asked the mother if she’d tried to capture the supposed specter on camera, to which she replied, “have a camera in there and it’s never caught anything.” Meanwhile, some realists chalked up the sighting to a hallucination and recommended that she get the tot to a “sleep specialist.” In a far less spooky alleged paranormal incident last week, “Rising Star” actor Matthew McNulty claimed a ghost peed in his closet while he was staying at a haunted hotel.