Nestor Cortes, the AL Cy Young leader according to none other than teammate Gerrit Cole, told me he has plenty of room in his trophy case should he win, adding his only previous awards were plaques as Miami Herald All-County first team high school picks (Hialeah High). “I like your confidence,” Cortes told me for posing the question. But it’s Cole who says Cortes leads. “He’s pacing the field,” Cole said. “I’m not [expletive] around.” One person called Avisail Garcia Derek Jeter’s “parting gift’ to the Marlins, as the $53 million, four-year deal looks like a wild overpay. … Jeter was said to want Nick Castellanos, and even after he left, the Marlins tried for the Miami area native, offering a three-year deal in hopes his late availability meant they could steal him. No such luck; he got $100 million from the Phils. Andrew Velazquez will keep the Angels’ shortstop job once David Fletcher returns. Fletcher will play 2B. “How did the Yankees let [Velazquez] go?” wondered one Angels person. … Some believe affable new Angels bench coach Ray Montgomery (Yonkers/Bronxville, Fordham) is manager-in-waiting in Anaheim. … Aaron Loup said, “I was hoping to be back” with the Mets and kept trying to put off other teams before the Angels made it clear they had to have him, signing him for $17 million. (The Mets offered about $12 million.) … Folks are amazed the Mets are expanding their lead without their two best pitchers/players. Great teamwork going on there. Teams are hopeful the Diamondbacks might trade Zac Gallen but understand they will keep him “unless they get an offer they can’t refuse.” And this from a D-backs person: “Everyone would want him. Won’t happen.” … Trevor Rosenthal recently hit 95 mph and is expecting to showcase for interested teams within a week or two. … Andruw Jones’ son Druw Jones remains a consideration at No. 1 for the Orioles, but the team also is heavily scouting Oklahoma high school shortstop Jackson Holliday, son of Matt, among others. O’s GM Mike Elias was a Cardinals exec when Matt starred there. … Player of the Week: Paul Goldschmidt, Cardinals 1B. Runners-up: Brendan Rodgers, Rockies 2B; Francisco Lindor, Mets SS.