A group of women who hiked a sweltering Phoenix mountain for a religious reality show called “Bad Girls Gone God” had to be airlifted or rolled down the sweltering peak Thursday. Eight women in total needed assistance from firefighters getting off Camelback Mountain as temperatures swelled north of 100 degrees. The hikers were unprepared and did not bring enough water with them, according to local outlets. Two women were airlifted to a hospital, several others were rolled down the mountain and three were able to walk down under their own power with help from firefighters, the Phoenix Fire Department reportedly said. Three women, ages 24, 42 and 50, were treated at the hospital for heat-related illnesses according to KPNX-TV. The group of women from Alabama, Tennessee, and California had started hiking Echo Canyon Trail early in the morning without much water or other supplies, the station reported. The hikers were being filmed embarking on strenuous activities in an attempt to get closer to God, according to the outlet. “We praise, we worship, and we do different activities not only to test our physical test, but spiritual as well,” Jasmin Hunter told KSAZ-TV. Members of the ill-prepared group chalked up the elaborate rescue to divine intervention. “God was definitely with us,” Tatiana Robinson reportedly added. “We’re thinking if they didn’t call — I don’t know what would’ve happened, but we wouldn’t have made it, maybe.” “I started getting really, really dizzy, and after a while, I just said ‘no, I can’t do this,’” Robinson added. “I barely made it down. I had an episode in the car where I almost passed out. It was a lot,”  Kristen Livingston told the station. Camelback Mountain is a prominent landmark in Phoenix, and reaching the 1,280 feet peak on the shadeless Echo Canyon Trail is considered a strenuous undertaking. “This is a challenging scramble/climb, not a hike,” a review on AllTrails read. “We definitely didn’t realize just how intense it was,” Livingston told KPNX-TV. The Phoenix Fire Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Post. Rescues from the trail are not uncommon, and the path is sometimes closed on very hot days, government officials warn. Real temperatures on the peak can exceed 150 degrees, according to a Facebook group called “Please Don’t Die Or Have To Be Rescued On Camelback Mountain, Arizona.”