Plainly stated, everything we do at New York Post Shopping revolves around, well, shopping. But, it’s what to shop for — including what’s worth your time and money — that makes a world of difference. So, you can likely understand our excitement after hearing about Saks Fifth Avenue’s up-to-70% off designer sale, happening now. All your favorite brands, from Tory Burch and Coach to Stuart Weitzman and Longchamp, will be on sale at a major discount. It’s the perfect time to pick up those sweet clear heels you’ve been eyeing or that perfect mini bag that’s too cute to pass up. It’s time to shop. We pulled some of the hottest items worth adding to your shopping cart. If you love the designer look without the high-reaching designer price tag, you’ve come to the right place. Available in sunshine yellow and nautical navy, Kate Spade New York’s Small Buddie Striped Straw Tote doubles as your prized beach bag, work tote or coastal dinner carry-on. Its leather straps and detailing are nice touches, too. If Tory Burch sandals are on sale, you know we’re running. Pick up the designer’s Studded Jelly Thong Sandals, that are available in various colors for a sweet summertime look that pairs perfectly with your favorite midi dress or linen pants. For less than $50, they’re in our carts already. Hello, floral! We can’t get over how adorable Salvatore Ferragamo’s Floral Mini Top Handle Bag is. It’s a sweet splurge — now less than $1,000 — and will garner many compliments, for sure. Whether you’re en route to the biggest garden party of the season or want to add the most precious number to your shopping cart, Oscar de la Renta’s Off-Shoulder Strawberry Blossom Dress is a sight to steal. For nearly $1,000 off, its puff sleeves and gorgeous design is enough to turn heads. Say yes to Longchamp’s Small Le Pliage Alpin Nylon Canvas Tote. Impressively, it’s less than $200 and will make work commutes and day trips that much easier. Plus, its simplistic design is one we love. We were surprised to see the hidden gem of Saks Fifth Avenue’s 70% off sale: Stuart Weitzman’s Sawyer Charm Jelly Sandals. For less than $75 (which we can’t believe), this all-white, patriotic-leaning pair is one that’ll look lovely with paperbag shorts, especially. On the hunt for a quality denim jacket? Pick up Sandro’s Iris Faded Denim Jacket for more than $100 off. It’s classic, has a subtle, worn-in fade that we all know and love and looks great with some of your finest white sneakers. Pro styling tip: a light blue bag looks dynamite with your most beloved jeans. That’s why we love Mansur Gavriel’s Mini Leather Bucket Bag, which is the cutest sidepiece with a center bow to tie it all together. For less than $250, it’s a fairly priced splurge. We found the cutest summer wedges, and it’s time to buy them ASAP. Valentino Garavani knows what it’s doing with the Rainbow Textile Rope Wedge Sandals. Its textured, high-top look — oh, and that rock-studded leather ankle strap — is beyond fashionable and, if you want them for more than $200 off, now’s the time to swipe them. For the perfect everyday purse, Coach’s Pillow Tabby fits the bill. The leather bag is adorned with gold buckle accents and a plush logo at the center, giving off the “small but mighty” vibe as strong as ever. Plus, it’s available in other shades. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.