New York’s GOP party boss Nick Langworthy is officially running for the newly redistricted 23nd congressional district – the same seat Gov. Kathy Hochul once held. “First and foremost, when you’re chairman you find yourself trying to fix a situation. I’ve had too many congressmen fall apart on me: Chris Lee, Kathy Hochul for a hot second, Chris Collins – he did OK for a few years and then he was indicted for insider trading charges,” Langworthy told The Post exclusively about his decision to run. “Then after a year and a half of misery after that we got Chris Jacobs. We thought we were in the driver’s seat then,” he said. “I’m someone that’s vetted. I know the process. I’ve been someone who supports President Trump,” Langworthy, 41, told The Post Thursday.  “We’re going into the majority and we need someone that has a loud voice. I have roots in this district.” The Buffalo native was first elected in 2019 – succeeding former Chairman Ed Cox as the youngest person to lead the state party – and before that held the role of Erie County GOP chairman. But the party is already divided on who will succeed Rep. Chris Jacobs – with 2010 GOP gubernatorial candidate “crazy” Carl Paladino, 75, announcing last Friday that he wants to represent the Western New York seat. Republican Elise Stefanik – the No. 3 House GOPer and a Trump ally – has already endorsed him. But Paladino has some major skeletons in the closet: a recording newly revealed this week shows Paladino praising Adolf Hitler for his “inspirational” leadership style and he’s also made a racist “gorilla” comment against former First Lady Michelle Obama. “That is absolutely why I am running. There is no place for that commentary in the House of Representatives and I think Ms. Stefanik really ought to re-evaluate her endorsement,” said Langworthy. When asked if he’ll get an endorsement from Trump – who he’s been known to have a good relationship with – Langworthy said although the pair have “been talking straight through” the last several days regarding his candidacy, he doesn’t anticipate an endorsement right now. He’s already received the endorsement of the New York State Conservative Party and is the party’s preferred candidate to run in the election, according to filings published Tuesday on the state Board of Elections’ website. In order to officially get on the ballot, he has to submit 1,062 signatures to the BOE by Friday, a deadline the chairman says he will make. Langworthy also said he never considered running for the post until Jacobs announced his support for tighter gun control measures on the federal level – including increasing the purchasing age from 18 to 21 for an AR-15. “Chris is a friend, he had a crisis of conscience. He wanted to support Nancy Pelosi’s position on gun control – that’s not gonna fly. We have to protect the Second Amendment. You have to be able to protect your property and tyranny is real,” the party boss explained. “If there are bipartisan solutions put on the table to strengthen our school and get to the root of why extreme hate is happening. These are things that we need to come together on and not divide people.” The pol noted that school safety and fighting for mental health services will be a top priority if elected, especially in the wake of the horrific mass shooting in Buffalo last month that devastated the community. “It’s something that has put a scar across our community. It will never be forgotten,” he said. But some Empire State Republicans slammed Langworthy’s announcement as an “opportunistic” move that will divide focus from his job as chair, instead fueling his own personal campaign “I think the whole thing is a mistake,” Lawrence Garvey, Rockland County GOP Chair told The Post. “We’re trying to rebuild a party here and for the first time in a long time we have more competitive seats than we had thanks to redistricting and we should be focused on unity and fielding the best candidates and not looking for opportunities to run for primaries. I supported him and three years later everything that he promised is going out the window so he can run.” Langworthy has been focused on boosting Rep. Lee Zeldin’s GOP gubernatorial primary bid for the last year, as the party is hopeful they can best Hochul in the November general election. “I think he needs to step down as chairman – period,” said Sue McNeil, Fulton County GOP Chair. “You can’t serve two masters. It’s insulting to think you can run the state committee, the primaries and on the other hand run for the congressional seat. Nick is going to look at what is best for himself.” Langworthy batted away the opposition, saying: “I can get this job done without drama.”