Never say never. During a recent Q&A on her “Playing a Round” podcast, Paige Spiranac was candid about her desire to remarry after her “traumatic” divorce from athletic trainer Steven Tinoco. “As you guys know, I am divorced,” said Spiranac, who revealed earlier this year that she’s “no longer married.” “I wasn’t married for very long and I think that when I initially got divorced, I said I will never get married ever again.” The golf influencer, 29, said she was “so put off on the idea” of remarrying because of how difficult it was to go through the “traumatic experience” of divorce. She has since had a change of heart, however. “Now, when I think about it, yes I definitely think I do want to remarry and I’ve learned so many things. I believe in love and I don’t want to have one not great experience ruin a great experience moving forward. So I’d be much smarter about it this time and not rush the process but really enjoy everything there is to like planning the wedding. Gosh, I love the cake-testing, that was really fun, finding a dress and being able to share it,” Spiranac said. “I think before, I kept my private life so private. I definitely want to do that again, but I almost felt like I was hiding it in a way and I don’t want to do that again. I believe in love marriage and soulmates. I believe in finding your person and all of that. I don’t think you should ever let a bad experience taint a good experience in your life.” Though it’s unclear when Spiranac and Tinoco split, she said during her Instagram Q&A in March that she’s “no longer married.” Spiranac and Tinoco wed in 2018 after she “met him at the start of [her]  career,” she told The Post in June 2020. In the wake of Spiranac’s breakup bombshell, the former pro golfer revealed major “life changes” in a new YouTube video, one of which included ditching her Arizona apartment to move to Colorado. “I just want to get out of here,” Spiranac said at the time. “I’m recently divorced, and um yeah, just kind of getting a fresh start, and I’m excited about it. The moving process has been crazy… [I’m] trying to work and balance life and a non-existent personal life in the midst of all of this.”