In 2020, we entered the realm of athleisure and never looked back. Why would we? We integrated yoga pants into our morning commutes, tennis shoes into our professional attire and sports bras into our high-end fashion looks. If you’re anything like us, you’ll take those options over tight business pants and uncomfortable heels any day. The rise of athleisure also brought us the matching work out set. It seemed as if nothing could top a monochromatic set, but then the unitard entered the chat. The unitard — or formerly known as the leotard — is essentially a connected matching set and kind of like a bodysuit. It’s one-piece that slides on and off with ease providing you with optimal comfort and pristine athleisure style. Below, you can find the unitards and leotards we’re currently obsessing over in 2022. We love Lululemon, so when we found out that the brand had a strappy tank unitard, we were all in. But it gets better, as this find features the brand’s buttery soft Nulu fabric, which you probably know because of the TikTok famous Lululemon Nulu Define Jacket. Business in the front, party in the back. This Free People onsie is available in 11 different colors and features a cropped leg, formfitting silhouette and stretch fit. It’s also equipped with SPF 30 protection, so feel free to go on that sunny hike or take a run on the beach! Get ready to feel and look your best in this Girlfriend Collective compressive unitard. It features a scoop neck, low back and built-in bra. Choose from five deep jewel tones. Available in black, teal, grey and orange, this long-pant unitard is at the intersection of comfort and support. It’s made with soft cotton and built-in elastic for the perfect stretch and includes a shelf bra. This sleeveless leotard is stretchy and holds you in place so you can jump, run and dance to your liking. Nike offers this find in both black and cacao. Designed for yoga and the free flow of movement, this lululemon bodysuit features light support, feels buttery soft and comes in seven various color options. We also love the slight v-neck dip and defining stitching. Pair it with the lululemon Everywhere Belt for the full ensemble. Welcome summer with a bang in this soft yellow long-sleeve unitard. It’s made with Italian recycled stretch and includes details such as a logo printed waist and scoop neck. Made of Italian fabric, this unitard is moisture-wicking, quick-drying and includes UPF 50 sun protection. Plus, the low back and adorable crisscross design makes this a coveted wardrobe piece. With a nod to the ’70s and ’80s, this floral one piece is as easy as it gets. Just slip it on and be on your way. Choose from floral, gingham, tie dye and leopard designs. Available in five different colors, this onesie is posh yet cozy. Features include a ribbed fabric, a flattering fit, long sleeves and a center-front zipper. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.