LOS ANGELES — The first tangible sign of a mending Mets rotation will be Tylor Megill’s appearance Sunday in a rehab start for Double-A Binghamton. If Megill survives his scheduled four-inning appearance without complication, it’s possible team officials will reinsert him into the rotation as soon as next weekend in Anaheim. Otherwise, the right-hander would receive another start in the minors and then likely would rejoin the Mets on their next homestand. “He’s a guy that could come in and it doesn’t matter who it is, he can come in and shut down a lineup,” pitching coach Jeremy Hefner said Saturday before the Mets’ 9-4 win over the Dodgers. “To have a guy like that in the rotation and close to coming back, that’s always exciting and a boost for our club.” Megill was the Mets’ opening day starter after Jacob deGrom was scratched from the rotation with a stress reaction in his right scapula. DeGrom threw a 19-pitch bullpen session in New York on Saturday, in his first mound action since spring training. Another key starter, Max Scherzer, has been on the injured list with an oblique strain that could keep him sidelined through the All-Star break. The Post reported Saturday that Scherzer was recently bitten on his right (pitching) hand by one of his dogs at home in Florida. Megill has been sidelined for the last three weeks, after he was diagnosed with right biceps inflammation. The injuries to Megill and Scherzer have thrust David Peterson and Trevor Williams into the rotation and both have performed respectably. Megill has pitched to a 4.41 ERA in seven starts for the Mets. That includes allowing eight earned runs over 1 ¹/₃ innings against the Nationals in the start before he was placed on the IL. Megill has allowed three earned runs or fewer in five of his starts. The Mets’ top three healthy starters — Chris Bassitt, Taijuan Walker and Carlos Carrasco — have all delivered. The best of the group has been Walker, who is pitching to a 2.88 ERA in eight starts and displaying the same qualities that propelled him to an All-Star Game selection last season. A second-half nosedive raised concerns about Walker. Williams will be the scheduled starter Sunday at Dodger Stadium. Over his last two starts he has combined to pitch 8 ²/₃ shutout innings, against the Giants and Nationals, helping ease concerns about that rotation spot. Overall, the right-hander has pitched to a 3.58 ERA in nine appearances for the Mets this season, four of them as a starter. “He has stepped up,” Hefner said. “Early in the season he was more of a long guy in the bullpen so he has done an exceptional job of staying sharp while having to bounce between different roles.” Once Megill returns, the Mets can slide Williams back into the bullpen, adding further depth to that unit. Hefner said it’s just a coincidence Megill and Williams are starting on the same day. But the likelihood is the Mets would just move Megill into that spot if he is deemed ready after pitching for Binghamton. Hefner has come to appreciate what Williams brings to the equation. “Trevor possesses unique qualities too, where he has a little bit different of a look,” Hefner said. “It’s not sidearm, but it’s a lower slot and a little bit lower velocity and it’s one of those things where he is unique too, so you can kind of throw him in there in the mix with everyone else and you can have success.”