I don’t really have a very good feeling about Mayor Adams’ appointment of Andre T. Mitchell to a position that sounds important (“Mayor names czar against gun violence,” June 3). The mayor’s description of what the czar’s duties will be is vague, at best. Where did Mitchell acquire the credentials, whatever they might be, to serve the city of New York? There are also questions unanswered about his leadership of Man Up!, a Brooklyn-based organization that received $26.6 million in city funding and was investigated for misuse of funds. It’s very commendable that Czar Mitchell is serving unpaid, but my gut feeling tells me there’s more to this story than meets the eye. Is this individual really the best person to be holding this title? I think not. Dick Mills Bardonia Once again, Adams adds another resident expert to his regime, only this time it’s Andre Mitchell, who will co-chair the gun-violence task force. Lo and behold, Mitchell’s nonprofit has a dark history of misappropriation of funds. But the new, unqualified mayor enjoys the fanfare of pounding his chest and pandering to the crowd. Vincent Conti Staten Island Adams rightly criticizes the criminal-justice system, but it doesn’t absolve him in his role. A new survey shows the mayor at a 29% approval rating. He cannot deflect from his lack of effectiveness. His appointment of a former felon as gun czar is his latest aberration. It was absurd. The mayor has questionable judgment and reasoning, which is alarming. He tried to hire his brother at six figures and appointed as a deputy mayor a former police official who was an un-indicted co-conspirator in a bribery case. He is thin-skinned as well. Adams said he was glad he is the mayor in these difficult times, but polling shows the people are not. He is certainly over his skis, as the saying goes. Phil Serpico Queens It’s amazing that Adams has appointed someone convicted of manslaughter, whose Man Up! group misused funds, as czar of anything Why? Because he’s dumb. In spite of his sartorially perfection, he’s a fake and will make an already fading city impossible to live in. Wallace Lehman Manhattan The Post editorial “Shrinking New York” is even more brilliant than usual (June 5). This fall’s gubernatorial election is easily the make-or-break referendum on whether my family will move out of New York to the greener pastures of a more low-tax, police-friendly red state where crime is actually punished and political leaders don’t turn a blind eye to illegal aliens being flown in in the middle of the night. Moving is never easy and never to be taken lightly. But if the Democrats win and this dysfunctional corruption continues, it becomes a ridiculously easy decision to leave. As the GOP middle-class battle cry goes, “Zeldin ’22, or we flee in ’23.” Eugene Dunn Medford The most productive residents are fleeing the city and state in droves for saner pastures. I suspect we are well past the point where this downward spiral can be reversed, even if there were a will to do so on the part of the ideological zealots who continue to embrace and impose these destructive policies. Dennis Middlebrooks Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.