The owner of the Chinese restaurant whose deliveryman was killed in an alleged duck-sauce dispute says he is barely staying afloat, struggling to find delivery workers — and can’t even go near duck sauce now. “I don’t want to touch it,” said Ken Yang, owner of Great Wall in Queens, to The Post on Sunday. “I can’t because it brings back bad memories.” Yang visibly jumped back when a Post photographer asked the owner if he could pose for a photo holding a duck-sauce container. Yang added that when it comes time to refilling the container with duck-sauce packets at the front of the eatery, “My employees do it.” Yang said he is still rattled by the shooting death of his deliveryman Zhiwen Yan, 45, more than a month later. On Wednesday, alleged shooter Glenn Hirsch, 50, was finally arrested in the horrific case. Yang said he has lost business and continues to struggle to find delivery workers since the slaying. Hirsch was apparently angered for months over the amount of duck sauce he received in a take-out order and eventually took his ire out on the hardworking Yan, authorities said. “We lost business [after the shooting]. I am still losing business. I can’t get any delivery guys to work,” Yang said. “Nobody wants to do it because it’s not safe. They are afraid. “The community helps me. They come in more because I can’t deliver to them. I thank them for that. I need the community to continue to support my business.” Yang said he is grateful authorities arrested Hirsch, who he called “very dangerous,” but is still watching his back. “I need an order of protection for me and my employees. That’s very important,” he said. “I need the police to do something for our safety. I need them to patrol the area, come around. “He should go to prison, and they should not let him out,” Yang said of the suspect. “Let him stay there forever. I need my community to be safe.” Yang said he wants to put up a partition at the front of the eatery but can’t afford to. “I’m going to put up glass,” he said, pointing to the counter area. “Right now, it’s open, it’s not safe. If my employees are doing something, they are not looking, they don’t see what’s going on. “I don’t have the money to do it right now, but I need it. It’s important for me and my employees to be safe.” Hirsch bombarded the Great Wall with phone calls and even called 911 on them for months after he became irate over the amount of duck sauce he received in a take-out order last year, authorities said. He was arraigned Thursday in Queens Supreme Court and charged with second-degree murder, weapons possession, stalking and menacing and ordered held without bail. Yang vowed to be there for Yan’s family, including his widow and three kids. “I lost my brother,” Yang said, putting his hand over his left chest area. “I will remember him for the rest of my life. He is going to be in my heart forever. “This has changed my life forever.” Yang said he hasn’t spoke to Yan’s widow, Eva Zhao, since the arrest. “Right now, she is very sad. I don’t want to talk to her too much,” Yang said. “Talking to her brings everything back up, and I don’t want to hurt her anymore than she is already hurting.” Zhao waved off a Post reporter who knocked on her door Sunday. “We are all relieved that someone has been arrested,” Zhao said in a statement released Thursday through her lawyer. At Hirsch’s Briarwood apartment building, a neighbor said, “I have never seen him, and I hope I never see him. “He is locked up now, he’ll have a trial, and [I] hope he will be locked up forever so he will never come back here.” Hirsch’s apartment peephole was covered in black tape.