They’re honeymooning with a move-in. Just-remarried Britney Spears and her new husband, Sam Asghari, have wasted no time on moving into a new home together — a massive one, no less. The newlyweds were spotted moving into a sprawling 11,650-square-foot home in Calabasas, Calif. this week. Spears’ white Mercedes-Benz was also spotted alongside moving trucks in the driveway of the seven-bedroom, nine-bathroom residence on Monday, according to TMZ. Spears spent $11.8 million for the property, the outlet reported. The home is set on 1.6 acres and boasts an enormous kitchen, a home movie theater, a waterslide-equipped pool and a room specially designated for gift-wrapping, according to the publication. A listing for the property, which was reportedly repped by “Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles” stars Josh and Matt Altman of Douglas Elliman, and Todd Bernstein of Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage, describes it as having “strict security in a double-gated community” complete with custom chandeliers, 33-foot-high ceilings and mosaics throughout. Other standout details include his-and-hers dressing areas in the primary suite, a walk-in safe, a gym, an eight-car garage, a “huge” oval jacuzzi, “multiple cascading waterfalls” and an “outdoor BBQ pavilion,” according to the listing. The Altmans declined to comment. The star-studded neighborhood is notably the same one the 40-year-old pop star’s ex-husband Kevin Federline, 44, lives in. Federline was married to Spears from 2004 to 2007, and the pair share two sons — 16-year-old Sean Preston and 15-year-old Jayden James. “Kevin was surprised that of all the neighborhoods she can afford to move to she chose his,” a source told TMZ of the singer’s feelings on the matter. “As long as his peace and tranquility aren’t invaded as a result, more power to her.” In addition to buying the multimillion-dollar pad, Spears and Asghari, 28, also celebrated tying the knot at her Thousand Oaks, Calif., home by cruising Los Angeles in a Rolls Royce.