The majority of US citizens are putting pride before prejudice. A recent survey by OnePoll found that over 80 percent of US citizens agree that LGBTQ people shouldn’t be subjected to hate during pride events. “I think all groups should be able to meet peacefully without being harassed,” said one respondent to the survey. “We are not supposed to judge other people.” The anti-prejudice poll was conducted in honor of pride month, which honors “the anniversary of the 1969 Stonewall uprisings with marches, parties, memorials and continued civil rights activism in support of LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer) Americans,” according to Talker. Of the 1,000 people that participated in the survey, a whopping 81 percent believed that the LGBTQ community should be able to enjoy pride festivities without being subjected to verbal harassment. Meanwhile, although well over half of participants (61 percent) didn’t openly identify as allies or LGBTQ peeps, 64 percent have participated in at least one activity or event related to LGBTQ culture. Twenty percent have attended a past pride event, and 41 percent have watched TV shows related to LGBTQ culture, such as “RuPaul’s Drag Race” or “Queer Eye.” “No one will become gay from going to a drag show,” another respondent said about attending pride events. “I’ve been to many and I’m still very straight.” One in three (34 percent) also feel likely to attend pride — but a similar percentage of respondents (33 percent) are highly concerned that events in their area will be disrupted by anti-LGBTQ rhetoric. The fear comes after five men that were reportedly associated with the Proud Boys allegedly yelled slurs at guests in attendance at a Drag Queen Story Hour event in Oakland on June 12. That same day, in Idaho, police stopped a U-Haul carrying 31 masked members of a white nationalist hate organization who were suspected would crash a Pride in the Park event in Coeur d’Alene. All of that transpires during a surge when both politicians and political platforms take aim at LGBTQ people while legislation targets transgender people across the country. However, 40 percent of pride-bound respondents say hateful instances aren’t enough to keep them away from attending festivities.  In fact, 39 percent said it makes them want to attend the events even more. “I have the right to go to these events and live proudly,” one respondent noted. “I will keep doing this as long as it takes for change. “