The first weekend of June saw mass shooting carnage and chaos throughout the US that left at least 15 people dead and 61 injured, data shows. There were at least 11 mass shootings in states spanning from Arizona to Tennessee and as far north as Pennsylvania on Saturday and Sunday, according to data compiled by the Gun Violence Archive, which records attacks in which at least four people were wounded or killed excluding the shooter. Violence broke out late Saturday on South Street in Philadelphia, where multiple gunmen killed three people and wounded 12 others,  the Philadelphia Inquirer reported. It’s unclear what provoked the gunmen to fire into throngs of people gathered at one of the city’s most popular nightlife areas. “Yesterday was a dark day for Philadelphia,” Police Commissioner Danielle Outlaw reportedly said Sunday. In Chattanooga, Tennessee, two people were killed and another 12 were injured when multiple shooters opened fire at a nightclub early Sunday — marking the second mass shooting there in just over a week. A third person also died after being struck by a vehicle during the ensuing chaos, CNN reported. “I’m tired of standing in front of you talking about guns and bodies,” Chattanooga Mayor Tim Kelly told reporters Sunday. “Chattanooga will treat this like the crisis that it is.” As in Philadelphia, Chattanooga cops believe multiple shooters squeezed off rounds during the attack. No arrests had been made in either shooting as of early Monday. A mass shooting was also tallied in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where a person was killed and another three hurt following a fight early Sunday, WOOD-TV reported. Another three people were killed and two others wounded in Saginaw, Michigan, according to the Gun Violence Archive. Elsewhere, a graduation party in South Carolina was also interrupted by a drive-by shooting late Saturday that may have involved two vehicles. A 32-year-old woman was killed and seven others, including children ages 12 to 17, were wounded, NBC News reported. The gun violence may have been gang-related, sheriff officials said in a statement. The shootings across the US come in the wake of the May 24 massacre at Robb Elementary School, where a gunman killed 19 students and two teachers, as well as attacks at a medical facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and a mass shooting at a supermarket in Buffalo, New York, where 10 people were killed on May 14. A total of 246 mass shootings have occurred in the US in 2022, according to Gun Violence Archive data.