Republican Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker, who has previously lashed out at absentee fathers, admitted Wednesday he has a 10-year-old son whom he has never mentioned publicly and from whom he appears to be estranged. Walker’s campaign confirmed the existence of the child after the Daily Beast reported late Tuesday that the boy’s mother had taken the ex-NFL star to court in 2014 to get child support payments. “Herschel had a child years ago when he wasn’t married. He’s supported the child and continues to do so,” Walker campaign manager Scott Paradise said in a statement. “He’s proud of his children. To suggest that Herschel is ‘hiding’ the child because he hasn’t used him in his political campaign is offensive and absurd.” The Daily Beast reported, citing a person close to the family, that Walker has not played an active role in raising his second son, but does send him Christmas and birthday presents. The child, who reportedly has Walker’s last name, has never met or spoken to the former Heisman Trophy winner’s other son, 22-year-old Christian. The boy’s mother had to take Walker to court a year after she gave birth to establish his paternity as well as secure support, according to court documents cited by the Daily Beast. By the time the court issued its final order in the case in August 2014, Walker’s son was already 2 years old. The boy’s mother had been in a three-year relationship with Walker, which ended in September 2011 — about nine months before their son was born. It wasn’t clear why the relationship ended. Walker, who has been endorsed by former President Donald Trump and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), has repeatedly bemoaned fatherless households. He has often referenced his relationship with Christian, whose mother is Walker’s ex-wife, Cindy Grossman. Walker has previously said he worked with his ex and current partner to raise Christian. “I want all African Americans to know, even though you may leave the mom, don’t leave the child,” Walker told WABE-TV’s “Love and Respect with Killer Mike” as recently as May 27. “Continue to be a dad, continue to be a strong figure in that child’s life, because that happens, that happens. I said, ‘I’m going to continue to raise him, and be right there with him.’” Walker, who is going up against Democratic Sen. Raphael Warnock in November, has been dogged by claims he has been untruthful about his past during his campaign, as well as his history of domestic violence. In 2005, Walker’s ex-wife took out a protective order against him after accusing him of threatening and controlling behavior. While acknowledging the paternity of his youngest son, Walker’s campaign accused his opponent, Warnock, of “a nasty mudslinging campaign” and mentioned the incumbent’s  “nasty custody dispute with his ex-wife.” “This is a complete double standard,” Paradise said. Warnock’s ex-wife, whom he divorced in 2020, went to court earlier this year to argue he wasn’t paying his share of child support for their two children. Warnock’s campaign subsequently hit back, saying the senator is a “devoted father.” With Post wires