Prince Andrew was a no-show Monday at his expected return to high-profile royal events — after heir-to-the-throne brother Prince Charles reportedly intervened to bar his appearance. The disgraced royal, 62, was long rumored to be joining other royals Monday at the flamboyant Order of the Garter parade. But he was forbidden from attending at the very last moment after his 72-year-old brother was among those who lobbied their mother, Queen Elizabeth II, to stop him from attending, according to numerous UK reports. Charles and his eldest son, second-in-line Prince William, persuaded the 96-year-old queen that Andrew’s appearance would spark a “backlash” given the ongoing sex scandal of his ties to late pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, The Telegraph said. William and Charles, wearing plumed hats, did attend the flamboyant parade Monday, joined by their wives, Catherine and Camilla, as well as numerous other royals attending a service in St George’s Chapel. Andrew was later photographed looking glum as he drove alone to Windsor Castle after the parade — which the royal family calls “one of the most traditional ceremonies in the queen’s calendar.” A Buckingham Palace source confirmed to Reuters that Andrew’s last-minute no-show was a “family decision.” “It was a decision taken by the household for the best interests of the family but also the best interests of the Duke of York,” a source also told The Sun. It was particularly timely, however, because it came just a day after UK reports said that Andrew expected to be able to return to royal duties and even get back his stripped titles. He was lobbying his mother to once again be His Royal Highness as well as “Prince of the Blood” and feels his position should be “recognized and respected,” a source told The Sunday Telegraph. “He was confident and bullish he can make a comeback,” The Sun’s source insisted of the disgraced duke. “His comeback fight is probably doomed. He is delusional if he thinks Charles or William will ever let him back,” the source told the UK paper. Andrew has been out of the spotlight since being booted from royal duties in late 2019 after his disastrous attempts to deny knowing longtime accuser Virginia Giuffre, who alleges she was made to have sex with him at the behest of Epstein and madam Ghislaine Maxwell. He lost most of his titles — including “His Royal Highness” — in February, soon after settling out of court with Giuffre to end her lawsuit against him for sexual abuse, filed in Manhattan. Sources told The Post the settlement was for $12 million, and it included a statement from the disgraced prince accepting that his accuser “has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks.” “It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms. Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others,” it added. With Post wires