A high-speed police chase has come to a dramatic end after a car being pursued by cops flipped twice and rolled along a suburban street in upstate New York. The insane incident was caught on a home’s Ring doorbell camera with the video subsequently posted to Reddit, where it went viral. The video — recorded on Tuesday afternoon — shows a black SUV veering out of control as it rounds a corner while fleeing from a squad car. The SUV is seen clipping another vehicle traveling in the other direction, causing it to roll twice and crash into a tree planted in Irizarry’s front yard. “It looked like a movie, like a scene from a movie,” neighborhood resident Sean Irizarry told Rochester First. “I heard some screeching, so I could hear the car accident, and I ran to the front of the driveway, and that when I (saw) the car flip over right in front of the driveway,” Irizarry added. “The police officers pulled up and they came out with their weapons drawn and so that made me want to — well, I just ran away.” Indeed, the police car was seen screeching to a halt, with gun-toting cops running toward the wrecked SUV, which ended up on its side. However, the driver and passenger inside the SUV had already fled on foot, with the Ring camera showing the two men breaking through the smashed windshield to make their brazen escape. The pair were later arrested and identified as Javar Marshall, 21, and Nasir Schifano, 19. They are both facing two counts of Criminal Possession of a Weapon in the Second Degree after police reportedly recovered a loaded rifle and another loaded gun plus ammunition at the scene. Despite the dramatic nature of the car crash, the pair only sustained minor injuries. They were treated at a local hospital before being transported to the local county jail. The Ring camera footage was later re-posted to Twitter, where it clocked up more than 1.2 million views and thousands of comments. “This scene would have taken a Hollywood director 3 days and $5 million to get right,” one  viewer quipped. “That was an entire movie in 30 seconds,” another chimed in, before responders claimed action movie director Michael Bay might be interested in the rights to the crazy car chase tale.  