Though wearing free-flowing midi dresses and the sweetest bow-tie paper bag shorts signals the rise of summer, there’s something else that reminds us summer is in full swing every year as well: the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. Historically taking place at the peak of summer, this designer-leading shopping event hosts a much-adored catalog of top brands — including popular baby and kids brands. And, drumroll, please — Nordstrom exclusively gave the New York Post all the official details to soak in before the preview begins on June 29. “From Nuna and Doona car seats to Maxi Cosa swings, rockers, high chairs and strollers, these make great chip-in gifts,” Beverly Mills, Nordstrom Divisional Merchandise Manager VP for Kids, told the New York Post. “You also can’t go wrong with some of the adorable swaddles and blankets on the sale from our in-house Nordstrom Made brands.” To unlock even more exclusive perks, sign up for the Nordstrom Nordy Club before the official launch of this year’s Anniversary Sale so you can take full advantage of everything the Club has to offer. “Our customers loved Tucker and Tate, Zella, The North Face, Nike, Joe’s Jeans, UGG, and Nuna last year,” Mills adds. Plus, it’s never too early to stock up on back-to-school essentials. Since The Post received the first look ahead of the public preview, some items in our More to Shop list may appear sold out. However, when you refresh this page on June 29, you’ll be able to see them on Nordstrom.com. We’re stoked to be sharing the *official* hot list of what to buy for your babies and little ones, including confirmed sale pricing. Just think — those elevated wardrobe basics and investment-worthy strollers are even more discounted. Please note the items included will officially be on preview starting June 29, though make sure to be one of the first to add products to your Wish List to snag them before the rest. It’s not a Nordstrom Anniversary Sale without a pair of glitter-embossed kids’ UGGs, right? For less than $100, you’ll be amazed at the color selection for your little ones to trot to school and play in style. Plus, they’re lined with genuine wool shearling to keep little feet snuggled and warm. During the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Nuna’s RAVA Flame-Retardant Free Convertible Car Seat will be $100 off (which we’re rejoicing, as Nuna is a top baby brand). Enjoy this safe and comfortable spot for your little one to ride around town, especially with its 10-position recline functionality and easy-to-install nature. If your little one is an adventure-seeker (or you simply love the look of Sperrys as we do), then you should 100% add the brand’s Bowline Storm Boot to your Nordstrom Wish List. For $20 off, we adore the shoe’s memory foam footbed, water-resistant make-up and handsome hardware. Plus, they also come in all-black. Drumroll, please — The North Face is confirmed to be on sale during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. Its one-of-a-kind puffy down jacket is great for any life stage (though we think its kids’ offerings are too adorable to pass up). For a limited time, enjoy the classic at a discount. Elevate your little one’s jean game with Joe’s Cuffed Hem Jeans. Impressively, this quality denim is shy of $35 (and for a good pair of bottoms, they get our stamp of approval). Not to mention, the subtle distressing is a nice touch. If there’s one thing we love on any baby or child, it’s the animal-ear detailing typical on most hooded apparel. Amp up the cuteness with Tucker + Tate’s Animal Ear Hoodie — the more-adorable-than-ever style that’s only $25 during the annual Nordstrom mega sale. The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is unbeatable for high-ticket items, but let’s bring it back to the basics. Practical and trimmed with colorful accents, Tucker + Tate has a five-pack of girls’ hipster briefs to add to your cart for just $12. As for us, we say why not? Much like the little girls’ offering above, the little boys’ boxer briefs are a staple to pick up (you can never have too many pairs, anyway). Available in different toned striped and solid prints, $16 is a solid sticker price for this five-pack. From personal experience, we can attest a rocker chair is likely the noblest baby invention to date. Your newborn will adore this two-in-one seater clad in a smooth woodgrain finish and monochrome gray fabric. It offers maximum style, and it’ll save you time carrying them all day long (a bonus to any parent or caregiver, if we say so ourselves). To match the rocker, pick up Maxi-Cosi’s Minla 6-in-1 Adjustable Highchair. In the same chic, match-all design, it has five recline positions, four tray positions and eight height sections to ensure it’ll be comfortable for your baby. Conveniently, it boasts a zip-off seat pad for easy-wipe cleaning. As soon as we saw the Nordstrom Baby Hooded Animal Towel, we instantly wished it came in an adult size. (Wouldn’t that be cuddly and nice!?) For $25, this dainty pink and white-striped wrap-around towel (also available in a gray and white stripe) makes a great baby shower gift or addition to bath time. For $8, Nordstrom might as well be giving Tucker + Tate’s Kids’ Assorted Ankle Socks away. The three-pack comes in beige, black and white and can be worn for every formal occasion your little one will be moseying on up to. As far as we’re concerned, any dress clothes available in little boys’ sizing are undeniably cute. For less than $30, Nordstrom has a 100% Supima cotton button-down shirt that you’ll also want to pick up in white during the Anniversary Sale. Mini Boden’s Kids’ Cotton Piqué Polo is a wonderful addition to your little boy’s wardrobe, featured in handsome emerald green but available in myriad colors and prints. With a traditional collar and two-button appliqué, its breathable fabric is perfect for any kid on the go. For playing around the house (or on a playdate), shop Nordstrom Kids’ High-Waist Leggings during the Anniversary Sale. For just $10, they’re a steal — and look cute with any kids’ top, too. For a seamless look underneath girls’ tops, Tucker + Tate has a comfortable and stretchy bralette that is, much to our delight, just $7 during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. Not to mention, the color selection is generous, featuring all the neutral tones you can imagine. Suit up your little one with Tallia’s Solid Wool-Blend Sport Coat. It’s never too early to get ahead of the game with warmer outerwear styles (especially when they’re on sale!), and we adore how sophisticated and sharp it is. Just look at that included pocket square! You can’t pair a sports coat without dress pants. The matching bottoms to Tallia’s suit jacket will be less than $40 during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale — so definitely worth the pick-me-up for their modern feel. Ahead, find the rest of the baby and kids’ offerings during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. Though some pages may say “out of stock” at the moment, they’ll be back on June 29 — so add them to your Nordstrom Wish List now to beat the rest. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.