A popular influencer went viral after declaring this season “hot chubby girl summer.” Emily Bispo, 23, shared a video of herself online lounging by a pool with her belly rolls on full display in a red and black bikini with flames emblazoned on her top. “You should probably cover up, that’s not very flattering,” the video reads. Bispo looks at the camera with attitude and raises her shades to give some shade. “No,” she says, glaring into the camera. “It’s hot chubby girl summer, mind ur business!” she declared in her caption. The video quickly went viral with 374,000 views and 37,000 likes on TikTok. The self-love and body-positivity advocate uses social media to show the world how she’s “keeping it real, spreading love and empowering all sizes,” she wrote on her Instagram. After reading some of the hundreds of comments on the video, it seems like Bispo is getting the job done. “I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THANK U FOR INSPIRING ME TO LOVE MY BODY,” one user commented. “This makes me feel safe,” another replied. “You make me feel so much better about myself,” said one viewer wrote. “THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONTENT,” another commenter said, while another wrote, “You literally don’t know how much affect u have on me!” Up to 24 million people of all ages and genders suffer from eating disorders like anorexia, bulimia and binge eating in the US, with 50% of people with eating disorders meeting the criteria for depression, GenPsych reported. According to the mental health service, eating disorders also have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness. Bispo began seriously using social media about four years ago when she decided to document her ongoing recovery from an eating disorder and mental health issues. She now uses her social media accounts to spread her mindset and empowering messages with her 1.3 million TikTok followers and 116,000 Instagram followers. Her accounts are filled with honest posts about her natural body and messages shading her haters and inspiring others to love themselves.