With inflation soaring to its highest annual rate in four decades and the cost of goods still on the rise, Republicans lambasted the Biden administration and accused Democrats of using the Jan. 6 select committee hearings to distract from the staggering numbers. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) called the 8.6% year-over-year inflation rate reported Thursday “out of control.” “I call on Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats to hold a prime-time hearing on the out-of-control inflation their policies have created,” he wrote on Twitter, referencing the Thursday night made-for-TV spectacle. “Democrats are putting on yet another partisan show trial to distract from what’s really happening in america. And anyone who’s been to a store realizes the number is significantly higher,” Donald Trump Jr. tweeted. Rep. Brian Mast (R-Fla.) echoed that thinking, writing, “Newest data shows inflation has broken yet another record and climbed to 8.6% in May. Bidenflation is already costing American families $600 each month. House Democrats should focus on that – not relitigating January 6th.” “While President Biden and Nancy Pelosi are detached from reality and focused on their political smokescreen January 6 hearings, Kansas families are struggling just to make ends meet each day as they deal with a level of inflation many of them have never seen in their lifetimes,” Sen. Roger Marshall (R-Kan.) said in a statement. “Americans can’t afford everything from gasoline to food to clothes, can’t find baby formula, and are dealing with a fentanyl crisis that is wreaking havoc on our communities. If my nearly 100 town halls are any indication, Kansans are not only mad, they are now panicked about Joe Biden’s inflation. This big spending and more borrowing must come to a screeching halt.” Other critics slammed the Biden administration’s policies and spending over the last year, describing them as the catalyst for Friday’s numbers. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) called them “devastating,” and accused Democrats of cutting American’s paychecks. “Another devastating inflation report for American workers and families. Another new 40-year high. Grocery prices off the charts, worst increase since the 1970s. Rent, gas, and electricity all way up,” he wrote. “The Democrats’ inflation has handed the average American a 3.9% real pay cut.” “Inflation has now reached 8.6%—the highest figure in four decades. This administration is fully to blame for soaring prices, $5/gallon gas, and Americans panicked about what’s next for our economy,” Rep. Kat Cammack (R-Fla.) posted, blasting President Biden specifically. “You did it, Joe!” “Inflation is the worst tax of them all. Hardworking Americans are feeling the pain of rising gas and grocery prices. They are getting left behind by Biden’s failed leadership,” Rep. Carlos Gimenez (R-Fla.) wrote. “With real wages falling at their fastest pace in 40 years and inflation accelerating, Build Back Better in any form — which will fuel even higher prices — should be dead in the Senate. With the typical family now having to spend about $450 per month more to buy the same goods and services they did a year ago, life is harder for Americans in the Biden economy,” Ways and Means ranking member Kevin Brady (R-Texas) said in a statement. “Every plan President Biden offers is another partisan gimmick, another ploy for better press, or a distraction — and it’s getting worse every day.” “#BidenFlation has gone up 8.6% since last May,” Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) tweeted. “President Biden and the Democrats’ policies are failing the American people.” “Inflation reached a 40-year high of 8.6% in May–the highest total so far under the Biden regime. Yet, the White House is saying that our ‘economy is in a better place than it has been historically.’ This is a disgrace,” tweeted Rep. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.) Rep. Bob Gibbs (R-Ohio) also pointed a recent claim by White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre that the US is “in a much stronger economic situation where we can actually deal with inflation head on.” “Just 3 days ago, @POTUS said the US was “in a stronger economic position” but inflation hit ANOTHER 40-year high, Ohioans are paying more than $5/gallon for gas, and the weekly jobless claims hit a five month high,” Gibbs posted. “Whatever Biden thinks he’s doing to help, it’s not helping.” Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-NY) jumped on the criticism as well, writing, “Thanks to President Biden’s disastrous policies, inflation just reached a whopping 8.6%, which means the cost-of-living is continuing to soar at a record pace, making it harder than ever for families and seniors to keep up.” Fellow New York Republican Nicole Malliotakis said, “Inflation just hit ANOTHER 40 year high with costs continuing to skyrocket for food, gas, energy, travel & shelter. Every month it gets harder for Americans to afford basic necessities. @HouseGOP has solutions & Dems refuse to use them!” “Inflation reaches another 40 year record high. Gas is $5 per gallon. Parents still can’t find baby formula. Joe Biden’s America,” Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) tweeted. “Empty wallets and empty tanks—it’s the sad reality that far too many Americans are experiencing in Biden’s America…The Biden Administration is lost in an alternate reality where they continue to deflect and scapegoat others while ignoring the inflationary impact of their devastating war on American energy, regulatory attacks on American business, and collapsing of our Southern border. Rather the Biden Administration argues that more legislation targeting American job creators and more government stimulus is the answer, all while the American worker suffers,” Senate Banking Committee member Bill Hagerty (R-Tenn.) said in a statement. “Inflation is a TAX on ALL Americans,” the official Twitter account for Republicans in the House of Representatives posted. “It has skyrocketed because of Joe Biden’s out-of-control government spending.” “Inflation is up and real wages are down,” Republican National Committee Chair Ronna McDaniel said in a statement. “In Joe Biden’s America, everyday essentials are priced as luxury items and Americans are tired of paying the price for Biden’s failed agenda. The families who are struggling to put food on the table, fill their cars, and find baby formula deserve answers, yet Biden doesn’t care.” Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) took the opportunity to also hit Biden over recent comments he made during an interview with late night show host Jimmy Kimmel, in which he criticized journalists for giving him poor media coverage. “Biden is blaming the media on his low approval ratings,” she wrote. “The media didn’t create a baby formula shortage, a border crisis, and sky-high gas prices, Joe. The Labor Department’s May Consumer Price report revealed the Consumer Price Index rose 1.0% last month – a massive jump from 0.3% in April. It is unclear if the US has hit “peak inflation,” however the cost of goods and services –particularly gas — have repeatedly hit record highs. As of Friday, the national average price for a gallon of gasoline stood at $4.986 across the US, according to AAA. However, in at least nineteen states the average is over $5 per gallon and in California alone the average cost sits at $6.42.