New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim a risk-free bet up to $1,500 in time for UFC Fight Night. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of the risk-free bet offer up to $1,500 this week. When it comes to free bet offers, Caesars offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. H2 – What is the Caesars Promo Code? Big boys helm the Octagon’s return to UFC APEX in Las Vegas, Nevada, this Saturday when Alexander Volkov and Jairzinho Rozenstruik attempt to battle their ways back into contention at each others’ expense. In UFC Vegas 56’s co-main event, Dan Ige faces Movsar Evloev in a Featherweight crossroads match, while Alonzo Menifield takes on UFC newcomer, Askar Mozharov, in a potential Light Heavyweight banger. Alexander Volkov  is the No.7 in the division right now. The former Bellator champion came to the UFC with the status of a promising prospect, but as time went by, he didn’t evolve into the fighter everyone believed he would be. After beating Walt Harris and Alistair Overeem, both via TKO, he faced Ciryl Game in what was a title eliminator and lost that one pretty confidently after a unanimous decision. Jairzinho Rozenstruik started his career with 10 wins and without a single loss, but after that had three defeats in five events. After suffering a devastating KO against Ngannou, Bigi Boy beat Junior dos Santos, before also losing to Gane. Volkov seems to be the better fighter, due to his longer reach and the fact that he has a bit better cardio than Rozenstruik. The Russian will look to keep his opponent in the distance with his jab and leg checks, but this fight looks set to go the distance. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply.Caesars same game parlay insurance offer allows bettors to get their money back if exactly one leg of their Same Game Parlay loses. Simply place a Same Game Parlay that is 4+ legs (minimum odds of +400), and If you lose exactly one leg, receive a Free Bet equal to your stake, up to the value of $50. 21+. Available in AZ, CO, IA, IL, IN LA, MI, NJ, NY, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&C apply. An easy way to grab yourself $100 in free bets, simply refer your friend with our unique referral link, and after they’ve deposited $50, you will receive $100 in free bets. One of the best referral schemes of any sportsbooks out there, with a limit of ten friends you can refer.