Here comes the bride… so you’d better have a wedding gift at the ready. If not, there is still time to shop for the best gifts of 2022, as the wedding experts at The Knot have compiled them all in a nice, neat registry for you. The Knot’s Sixth Annual Registry Awards were just announced for the year, perfect for the record number of predicted weddings yet to happen in 2022. The site compiled more than 120 of the most requested wedding gifts of the past year, along with expert-picked presents by The Knot editors. The gifts span all categories, too, from appliances and kitchen gadgets, bedding and bath essentials for the home and even experiences for brides and grooms to enjoy together. To make things easy, we compiled our favorites and found retailers where you can order each gift ASAP. Read on for our shortlist of the best wedding gifts of 2022. Mix things up this wedding season and get them a new KitchenAid mixer. You can find a bunch of fun colors on Amazon, making shopping and shipping a breeze. Gift them easy soups, delicious smoothies, and so much more with this pro-grade Vitamix blender. This year, this 750 Series model was awarded thanks to its high power and multi-use settings. Help the new couple stay organized with this all-inclusive set of clear storage containers from OXO. The brand is sold on Amazon and comes in a 20-piece pack for your entire pantry or fridge. Smeg is the name to know when it comes to trendy kitchen appliances. This metallic gold kettle is truly a work of art that they can display prominently on their countertop to remind them of their special day for years to come. Get the happy couple cooking with this Dutch oven from Staub. The cast iron pot is sold on Amazon and comes in a whole rainbow of colors to choose from. Chop, chop. Now is the time to get your hands on this knife set for upcoming weddings. The highly-requested set comes from Anthropologie, with three knives and a sophisticated dark wood magnet holder. See the world through rose-colored glasses and then drink from them, too. These glasses are so popular that we wrote an entire article about them, but you can shop them now at Food52. What better way to save a slice of your wedding cake than under this stunning dome? Gift this cake stand to the newlyweds for a sweet and delicious future together. This silverware is too stunning not to include on our list. The Kate Spade branded cutlery can be found at Bloomingdale’s and comes in a 45-piece set made to serve eight guests. No one loves cleaning, but they may with this trendy vacuum. The Dyson V10 models are some of the best in the game, and they lack the messy bag you’ll find inside other vacuums. Clean home, happy family. This air purifier is a great gift, especially for anyone getting married during allergy season. The mini size is fantastic for any room in the house, and it’s easy to move it around as you please. Take some notes from The Home Edit and help declutter any space with these storage bins and shelves. They have a modular design so the couple can arrange and play to their liking. Gift the power of fantastic sleep in their marital bed with these cozy sheets from Brooklinen. The Luxe Core Sheet Set comes with everything they need to completely make their bed, coming in an array of colors and patterns. Add this pillow to the sheets above, and you have the ultimate bed gift basket. The Parachute pillow is made of luxurious down and is the perfect amount of plush and firm. There’s nothing better than being wrapped up in a cozy towel after a hot shower or bath. Gift a complete set of award-winners, now sold on Amazon, for an easy time. Let us grow some produce! The Lettuce Grow system is a fun gift for those who love to garden or want to but never know how. The Farmstand comes in multiple sizes, too, depending on their home’s size and needs. Relaxation is most likely what the couple needs after planning a wedding. Help them get some with the Theragun Mini, as it is also compact enough to be taken on the honeymoon or any trips. Speaking of the honeymoon, make sure they travel in style with a new suitcase. This stylish roller is from Paravel and is the perfect carry-on size for most airlines. Turn their yard into a summertime oasis with this mini fire pit and stand set. The Solo Stove fire pit made the list this year as a perfect gift, as spending time with loved ones outdoors is truly the best gift. Picture their faces when they get this gift. The Frame TV from Samsung is the hottest tech right now, as it is not only a super high-quality TV but also a stunning piece of art when not in use. Keep their new family home safe with the Ring Doorbell and Chime set. Sold on Amazon, the two-part gift will help them monitor their home — inside and out. Turn up the volume on wedding gifting this year with a set of Sonos speakers. These can be used both inside and outdoors, making for fun backyard parties and more intimate dinner gatherings inside. Gifts are great, but memories of an amazing trip or activity last a lifetime. Virgin Experience was ranked the best by The Knot for gifting the happy couple local excursions, activities and even trips to a new destination to explore together. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content. 