It’s time to live in the sunshine and swim in the sea. So grab your flip flops, throw on your favorite bikini and dive right into summer. Not only does summer bring great weather and tan lines, but it also offers some of the cutest fashion. Kate Spade, the leader in the handbag industry, is no stranger to this fact, and has opened up their summer shop. Right now, you can head on over to the Kate Spade Surprise website to score oversized beach totes, wallets with sunny prints, glitter-filled phone cases and more. Though, we are the New York Post shopping team, so you already know there must be some sort of deal pegged to this story — and you’re right. For a limited time, you can score up to 75% off the entire Kate Spade Surprise website and land handbags, wallets, clothing, accessories and more at a discounted price. Plus, with any purchase of $175 or more, you’ll get a free Kate Spade beach towel. Oh yeah, and shipping is included. What more could you want? Score a 34″x64″ beach towel ideal for all of your summer plans, like jumping in the pool or having a picnic. Have you ever seen anything cuter? Neither have we. This mini trunk corssbody bag is all about saving space by encouraging you to only carry what you need. Plus, it’s the perfect size to carry with you just about anywhere. Every woman needs a classic sandal that can be dressed up or down. That’s why we are fawning over this rose, blue and parchment. The gold center detail and mini bow details also make it this shoe all the better. Float on over to this adorable summer-themed wallet. Features include smooth leather, a Kate Spade logo, two-way spade lining and many interior card slots. Stay looking good this season with a half-sleeve collar striped dress. To dress it up, simply throw on a pair of heels. Or, keep it simple with some white sneakers. Maybe you don’t have space for a thick wallet and are looking for something simple and easy. If that’s the case, check out this small, slim card holder. It features pink, red and white color blocking along with the cutest cheery decal. Too perfect to pass up on, this signature spade necklace adds the perfect finishing touch to all of your outfits. Details include plated gold metal, a mother of peal pendant and a polished finish. This medium triple compartment shoulder bag is able to hold your wallet, keys, lip gloss, hand sanitizer and more — and that’s why we love it. What more could a girl want than a shoulder bag that’s both cute and functional? Kate Spade’s all new pineapple sandals are the perfect addition to any beach or pool plans. Simply toss them on your feet or in your bag and head on out. Fit just about everything in this pool tote — and we mean everything. So go ahead and throw in a pool towel, some snacks, shades and whatever else you find on your way to your destination. Chic and versatile, this color block dress is ideal for all of your warm weather occasions. Plus, the fit and flare silhouette is everything and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.