State lawmakers worked into Friday morning as a litany of high-profile bills hung in the balance following the final scheduled day of the 2022 session on Thursday. The Democratic supermajorities in the state Senate and Assembly had nearly completed a lengthy to-do list of bills by publication time concerning issues like a two-year extension of mayoral control, an expansion of abortion rights and additional gun control measures. “I think we are meeting the moment,” state Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins told reporters Wednesday. Other high-profile bills, however, remain stuck in legislative limbo as of publication time. This includes the so-called Clean Slate bill that would allow people to have criminal convictions sealed after they serve their sentences. The state Senate passed the bill along party lines Wednesday, but it appeared doomed to fail in the Assembly after the state Education Department issued a statement Thursday opposing the proposal as written. Then in a twist, the department struck a deal with lawmakers on enabling school administrators to have access to records concerning job applicants who might have committed certain past offenses. Other bills have likewise bounced back from legislative purgatory. A bill that would allow the New York Power Authority to build more green energy projects might still pass the Assembly after getting through the Senate Wednesday, according to Assemblyman Robert Carroll (D-Brooklyn). Advocates say the proposal could save New Yorkers money on their power bills while helping the state meet its renewable energy goals. That bill had appeared dead in the Assembly earlier in the day. Assemblyman Robert Carroll told the Post Thursday that a Senate amendment to the bill made days ago left little time to shepherd the bill through his own chamber. Assembly Democrats, meanwhile, have already passed a controversial bill blocking new cryptocurrency mining operations at moth-balled fossil fuel power plants. That bill passed the Senate last year, but appeared unlikely to do so this time around following an intense lobbying campaign from opponents who say the bill would stifle an emerging industry in the Empire State. Yet, state Senate Majority Leader Michael Gianaris said late Thursday night that the bill still had a chance. Another tricky issue for Albany Democrats has been crafting a state Constitutional amendment in response to an expected decision by the U.S. Supreme Court invalidating the landmark Roe v Wade case allowing abortion nationwide. Stewart-Cousins had told reporters Wednesday that protecting religious rights has been a sticking point as Democrats continue negotiations on a crafting a “broader” equal rights amendment that would cover abortion rights as well as issues like gay marriage. But the effort ultimately proved too complicated to finish this week, Politico New York reported Thursday. One big winner on the last day of session was the NYCHA after the Senate followed the Assembly in passing a bill establishing a preservation trust that could help the financially challenged city public housing authority access much-needed money for repairs. While June is the last scheduled day of the 2022 legislative session, the Senate and Assembly could reconvene later in the year if Stewart-Cousins, Heastie or Hochul beckon them back to Albany. Hochul recently told reporters that she could make that request if the U.S. Supreme Court in upcoming months strikes down current state law on carrying a concealed weapon.