Vice President Kamala Harris will lead a new “Caribbean Climate Partnership” being rolled out Thursday at the Summit of the Americas in Los Angeles after the leaders of El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico decided to snub the event — meaning Harris can’t talk to them about her work addressing the “root causes” of migration. Harris’ new diplomatic gig was announced aboard Air Force One on Wednesday by White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan, who insisted that the US will still try to engage with lower-level Central American diplomats about the historic numbers of people illegally crossing the US-Mexico border. “The president will announce and then the vice president will lead a Caribbean Climate Partnership that’s focused on two things: First, greater energy security as we go through the transition by getting Caribbean countries access to low carbon energy sources. And second, climate adaptation and resilience,” Sullivan said. Washington Examiner reporter Katherine Doyle asked Sullivan if the Central American boycott of the US-hosted summit hinders Harris’s work on migration. Sullivan insisted: “If you look at the substantive agenda, substantive outcomes and where they’re putting their name on the bottom line, it shows that they’re invested in the agenda we’ve set forward.” The national security adviser added, “The fact that their leaders aren’t coming is in each case its own reflection of, again, these idiosyncratic decisions each of them are making and I honestly wouldn’t read too much into it one way or the other.” Sullivan, speaking as President Biden traveled to the summit, said that there are also plans to announce a new migration initiative. “We’re putting on the table something that a lot of these countries are asking from us, which is labor pathways to the United States for both migrants transiting their countries and for the source countries — from citizens of their home country. And we’ll have announcements related to labor pathways,” he said. Sullivan said the announcement involves “an interesting and very innovative new program between our Department of Agriculture and the United Farmworkers that is designed to ensure that those labor pathways meet the highest labor standards and are not used for abuse or for a race to the bottom.” Biden in March 2021 appointed Harris to address the “root causes” of migration from Latin America, but monthly border apprehensions continued to surge as critics accused her of seeming uninterested in the matter. The leaders of all three “Northern Triangle” countries and Mexico, with whom Harris worked most closely on migration, snubbed the Biden administration by skipping the summit — though Harris did give brief remarks Wednesday to a business-focused event focused on improving the economies of Central America to deter migration. Mexican President Manuel López Obrador, leader of the largest Spanish-speaking and third-most-populous country in the Americas, confirmed Monday that he will boycott the summit after the US refused to invite the authoritarian leftist leaders of Cuba, Nicaragua and Venezuela. Honduran President Xiomara Castro also said she will skip it — even though Harris traveled to Honduras to support Castro when she was inaugurated in January. Guatemalan President Alejandro Giammattei said in May that “I will not go” after the US barred entry of the country’s attorney general, Maria Consuelo Porras, over her “involvement in significant corruption.” El Salvador’s president Nayib Bukele, who has been faulted by the US for allegedly not respecting civil liberties during a crackdown on gangs, also is expected to give the gathering a miss. In fiscal 2021, which ended in September, there were nearly 1.7 million US Border Patrol encounters with suspected illegal border-crossers — the most since at least 1986. So far in fiscal 2020, there have been more than 1.2 million encounters. Republicans blame Biden’s policies for incentivizing the rush. For example, they point to his calls for Congress to legalize most people currently living in the US illegally, his campaign-trail vows to welcome asylum seekers and his abandonment of hardline Trump-era border enforcement tactics. Republican-led states are suing to require Biden to keep in effect COVID-19 pandemic policies that allow for rapid deportations, arguing the authority is needed to prevent an unprecedented border surge. The attempted end of the policy was stalled by a federal judge in a ruling last month. 