Kellyanne Conway, who served as special counselor to former President Donald Trump, said when she worked in his administration nobody ever had to ask “who’s in charge?” “I will tell you this: Whatever people think of Donald Trump, the White House I worked in nobody ever had to ask, ‘What is the vice president doing?’ … And nobody had to ask who is actually the president? ​’​Who is in charge?'” she told John Catsimatidis on his WABC AM 770 show in an interview that aired Sunday​, referring to 79-year-old President Biden​. Conway pointed out that authoritarian regimes are on the rise in China, North Korea, Iran and Russia, and claimed that President Vladimir Putin wouldn’t have invaded Ukraine if Trump, 76, was in the White House. ”​There was a certain fear, if not respect, around the globe for America First policies … We [told] India and China … we’re out of the Paris Climate accord because we are done paying for you to pollute the world. We are missing that strength and leadership right now​,” Conway said. Her comments come amid reports that the Biden White House is “adrift” and experiencing “managerial meltdowns” that could lead to a staff shakeup as the president’s poll numbers continue to take a nose dive. The disorder in the West Wing is also evident in White House aides having to walk back comments Biden has made publicly about the US stance toward Taiwan and Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. On Saturday, Secret Service agents swooped in after the president took a spill on his bike in Rehoboth Beach, Del., where he and first lady Jill Biden own a summer home and were spending the weekend. ”I’m good, I’m good,” Biden told onlookers, saying his foot got caught in the toe cage on the pedal of his bike. Conway also defended Trump’s strained relationship with the media, noting that the press covered him differently than they did other administrations. “The press no longer saw its job as getting the story. Their job was to get the ​p​resident and the people around him. I think part of it was elitism and snobbery​,” she said in the interview. “But another part of it was that they never saw Donald Trump coming. They should have​.​ … More than the media not wanting Donald Trump to be president … was that they were completely shocked and embarrassed that he was​,” she continued.