Pat Perez’s wife isn’t here for your Instagram attacks. Ashley Perez went on a bizarre Instagram rant Friday night, hours after Pat’s commitment to the Saudi-backed LIV Tour was announced. Perez became the latest PGA Tour pro to move over to the controversial LIV circuit, which now has a roster that includes Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Bryson DeChambeau and Patrick Reed. “So if anybody feels the need to say anything and I mean anything negative about Pat going to the LIV Tour, you will be blocked,” Ashley Perez said on the Instagram Live video. “Just like 200, maybe even 300 people are already. And you’ll never be back in. Anyways that being said, I love you all, cherish you all ’till you say same bulls—t that I don’t like. I don’t want it, I don’t need it, I will not accept it, I will not allow it in my world ever. “So, if you feel the need to say something go ahead and just f—king delete me from your page. I won’t miss you. This new tour is going to be ICONIC.” Ashley gave a hint at the type of criticism she was receiving at the beginning of her statement. She also went on to post multiple screen grabs of support and hate she had received. “Hello my Instagram family. I feel so dumb having to go on here and having to do this video for you guys,” Ashley said. “But I just wanted to throw something out into the universe. My Instagram platform is not me, myself promoting my body in a sexual way for you guys to go home and enjoy yourself with. “Nor is it promoting useless s—t I don’t use that I am trying to sell and promote to you. My Instagram is solely based only my family.” The Post’s Brian Wacker reported that Perez will receive around $10 million to move over to the LIV Tour. Perez also will now be banned from the PGA Tour. The 46-year-old has earned approximately $28 million in his career. In a later Instagram video, Ashley claimed Michael Jordan had called Perez on Friday night to assure the golfer that Jordan Brand would remain his sponsor. Ironically, Perez was among the most outspoken when Mickelson first voiced his support for negotiating with the rival tour despite the human-rights atrocities of the Saudi regime. “His apology was such horses–t,” Perez said. “In the fact that he thought he was trying to make it better for the players. He was in it for one reason. If anybody thinks he wasn’t in it for his own pocket, and his pocket only, is (blanking) high. They are f–king crazy. “He was in it for himself. Why he went down two different avenues and basically buried himself on both, I can’t figure it out.” The LIV Tour debuted this week at The Centurion Club outside of London with South African Charl Schwarzel holding a commanding lead midway through the third and final round on Saturday morning. The winner’s prize is $4 million.