Kendrick Perkins unloaded on Draymond Green. Perkins, the ESPN analyst and former NBA champion, tweeted Wednesday night, “Look like Draymond was more prepped for his post game podcast than the actual game. Just an observation, never mind me tho. Carry on…” The former big man expanded on his thoughts on “Get Up” Thursday morning. “Did I lie?” Perkins asked. “Last night, Draymond was nonexistent last night. Right? How you going to post a bad Game 2, do all that roughrider stuff at home. And then you get into that hostile environment against the Celtics, and you don’t even help your guys fight the bear. You poke the bear and don’t even help your guys fight the bear.” Green fouled out of Wednesday’s Game 3 with two points, four rebounds, and three assists. Boston took a 2-1 lead on Golden State. Perkins, meanwhile, continued to go hard in the paint. “Draymond Green did absolutely nothing last night to affect the game,” Perkins said. “And I’m not talking about things that show up in the stat sheet. I’m talking about actually anchoring the defense. I’m talking about actually boxing out. I could count numerous times where he wasn’t boxing out and guys were getting offensive rebounds. He did absolutely nothing. “I know a lot of people are scared to talk about Draymond Green and call him out on certain things or him not performing well. But guess what, I’m not. And I don’t care how he fires back because I can lip box all day long. I love it.” Green has been hosting a podcast on Colin Cowherd’s Volume Sports network. His bombast is going to draw criticism like Perkins’ after games where he does not perform and his team loses. Nonetheless, Green responded generally to his critics that he’s not going to stop doing the pod. “I hear all the noise about the podcast. It’s not going anywhere. Y’all gonna get this podcast,” Green said. “If you don’t want to listen, don’t. But you’re gonna get this podcast. If you want to talk about it, great. I know there’s media people — sorry that this podcast is probably doing better numbers than yours. I ain’t the one listening. There’s other people listening, so be mad at them, but you’re gonna get this podcast — win, lose, draw, hoisting the trophy, putting my ring on my finger, you name it. Y’all gonna get this podcast. Keep talking. Enjoy your news cycle tomorrow. Make sure you listen to the pod. It’ll probably be out before y’all news cycle starts.” Positive and negative attention both lead to engagement on Green’s podcast, but he will surely remain at a level of considerable scrutiny should the Warriors not come back in this series.