A woman in China who found out her “missing” boyfriend was married with kids in Norwich has slammed the “cheating b*****d.” US-born Rachel Waters, 26, launched a desperate search for Paul Magee after he failed to return from a visit to the Norfolk city. She begged a Norwich community Facebook page for help, explaining Paul, 40, had gone to visit his hometown but “was supposed to be back by now”. In a shocking turn of events, the brand manager was hit with a barrage of replies, including one from a pal of Paul’s UK partner telling her “he has a Mrs and children”. Rachel, who plays professional volleyball, has since told the MailOnline her situation is “unfortunate” – but gave the impression she’s ready to move on. Of the news, she wrote on Facebook: “Yes, I’ve seen the article… #CheatingB*****d.” Friends claimed Paul had been working in Shenzhen, China, when he became trapped by the pandemic — and started a relationship with Rachel. She is originally from South Carolina and went to university in Britain. Rachel posted on the Norwich community notice board, sharing a picture of them taken in China, at least six weeks after he returned to the UK. She wrote: “I have an unusual ask. My boyfriend, Paul Magee, and I live in Shenzhen, China. “He went home (Norwich) at the beginning of April to visit and was supposed to be back in China by now. “However, I have not heard from him recently and am worried something might have happened. If anyone knows of anything, please reach out to me.” A Norwich friend of Paul’s partner replied: “Not really funny is it. “He has a Mrs and children and I really feel for her right now! “And another girlfriend in China it seems.” She added: “Not funny for her in the slightest.” An apparently heartbroken Rachel then removed her original post. A pal told The Sun: “Paul and his partner didn’t see each other for two years. “He recently returned, and they sort of got back together. They have been separated and got children. They’ve thought, ‘Let’s give it another go’.” They said there was no overlap between the relationships. Paul’s mom confirmed she was aware of all the posts but declined to comment further. Rachel did not reply to messages from The Sun. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.