After a limited slate Monday, baseball bettors get a 16-game slate Tuesday to choose from. However, expert bettors are targeting three particular games. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified one side and two totals that trigger at least a majority of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. These sides will play a double-header today after having Monday’s game postponed and bettors are gravitating to the total here. For the second game of the pair, the total opened at nine runs, but we’ve seen sharp action that has seen the total drop to 8.5 runs at a few shops. However, that line is currently available in plus-money. Additionally, big money bettors are interested in the under as well. As of this writing, the under has seen 54 percent of all bets against 76 percent of the total handle. That qualifies as the fourth-highest money percentage on the board today. Lastly, one Action Network PRO system — Weather: Wind Blowing In — triggers the under here. That system, which looks for closing totals between six and 11 runs and sustained winds between five and 35 mph, has a 55 percent historical win rate and seven percent return on investment. Just in the last five recommendations, that system is 4-1 (+2.66 units). Under 8.5 Runs (-105) — PointsBet The Cubs and Orioles will begin a two-game series today in Baltimore with bettors once again interested in the total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which either sits at nine runs (-120) or 8.5 runs (+100) depending on where you shop. Additionally, big money is interested in the under as well — as of this writing, the under has seen 52 percent of all bets against 68 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under here to round out the three signals going in its favor. Under 8.5 Runs (+100) — BetMGM Despite winning only four of its last 10 games, bettors like the White Sox, which has won two straight games. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the White Sox moneyline, which opened at a +115 consensus but now sits between +100 and +109 depending on where you shop. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the White Sox as well. As of this writing, Chicago has seen only 23 percent of all moneyline bets against 42 percent of the total moneyline handle. Lastly, one Action Network PRO system — Average AL teams vs. NL — triggers the White Sox tonight. That system, which looks to identify AL teams with a win percentage between 47 and 54 percent against NL sides, has a 63 percent historical win percentage and 10 percent return on investment. Chicago White Sox Moneyline (+106) — FanDuel