Hear that? It’s the sound of wedding bells ringing, as the most popular season for couples is here — summer! What we love most about a good summer wedding is that it’s not only fun for the engaged couple but also guests. The bride wears her sparkly wedding shoes, and the groom gets a new tie. The bridesmaids wear their new summer party dresses, and guests wear cocktail attire or whatever festive suggestion the wedding invite says. The entire guest list will be dressed to the nines. So how about jewelry? Whether in the bridal party or merely a happy onlooker, your wedding attire isn’t complete without some new jewels. The online jewelry retailer, Blue Nile, is well aware of such celebratory sartorial suggestions and has decided to mark down select styles up to 40% off during the brand’s Wedding Event. The sale runs until July 17 and includes men’s and women’s rings, necklaces, bracelets and earrings. Best of all, Blue Nile offers fast, free shipping and returns. To activate the perfect white veil occasion sale, use promo code 2022NILE at checkout. Elegant and beautiful, this diamond pendant hangs low, adding flair to every outfit. Further details include 14-karat white gold, a cable chain and a lobster claw closure. Available in 14-karat white gold, rose gold, and yellow gold, this mini heart necklace will have you falling in love. It hands on a delicate cable chain and sits at the collar bone. Make like Holly from “Breakfast At Tiffany’s” and adorn yourself with a string of genuine pearls. Choose from a white or yellow gold clasp while selecting your desired necklace length. Men deserve timeless pieces, too, and this traditional ring fits the mold. Best of all, the curved inner edges make this wedding band comfortable to wear for many years of wedded bliss. Everyone needs a little bit of wrist candy, so opt for the Freshwater Cultured Pearl Bracelet. Available in various sizes and including a safety clasp, eyes will fix upon your latest jewelry addition. You can never go wrong with a pair of petite diamond hoops. Why? Because they virtually go with every style choice and are never too bulky. Choose from 14-karat white gold, rose gold or yellow gold. This necklace displays a sophisticated, understated cross strung upon a thin cable chain, but what we love most are the 11 dazzling mini sapphire gemstones. Wear the chain at 16 or 18 inches. Available in 14-karat white, yellow, rose gold or platinum, the Petite Milgrain Diamond Ring makes the perfect addition to any bride’s rock. You can’t help but take note of the 13 carefully placed diamonds along the center. Instantly elevate any attire with these classic diamond stud earrings. They are sophisticated in style, bold and beautiful. These pearl earrings are ideal for the bride and guests alike. They can transition from occasion to occasion and feature subtle yet exquisite details, such as white topaz gemstones set in sterling silver. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.