Jennifer Lopez is set to celebrate her 53rd birthday next month and — according to a new survey — she should prepare to have the hottest year of her life. Fifty three is the age most people feel at their sexiest, surprising results from a poll by dating app OurTime have revealed. More than half of respondents said 53 was the age that they felt friskiest in the bedroom, while 41% said it was the age they felt most comfortable in their skin. Meanwhile, four in 10 respondents claimed 53 was a sweet spot because they had let go of worrying about how they came across to a potential partner while still feeling confident about their looks. Additionally, almost a fifth (18%) claimed that dating at that age was “spicier and more exciting” than at any other time. OurTime’s Rachel Peru says the poll results smash stereotypes about people being sexiest in their 20s and 30s. “As the survey suggests, you do gain more confidence the older you get and you understand what you want and don’t want from a relationship,” Peru told the Daily Mail. Indeed J.Lo — who turns 53 on July 24 — appears to be happier than ever, enjoying a red-hot romance with Ben Affleck and flaunting her incredible physique in a series of scanty ensembles. The superstar is also at the top of her professional game, with her new documentary “Halftime” dropping on Netflix last week. In the coming year, she has a further two films scheduled for release. Meanwhile, a slew of other 53-year-old celebs are also thriving. Jennifer Aniston celebrated her 53rd birthday in February, and her ageless looks have left Twitter in awe. And the “Friends” icon hasn’t given up on love in middle age, having revealed that she’s dating. Renée Zellweger, also 53, is basking in the glow of a new romance with Ant Anstead and appears happier than ever at the age. The actress is still one of the most powerful women in Hollywood, spearheading the miniseries “The Thing About Pam” — her first project since she won a Best Actress Oscar for “Judy.” Plus, Mariah Carey, Cate Blanchett and Naomi Watts are all managing to make men swoon at 53. And it’s not just female celebrities thriving at 53. Paul Rudd, 53, is People magazine’s “Sexiest Man Alive” while Hugh Jackman, who is the same age, is wowing crowds on Broadway in “The Music Man.” Will Smith is also 53 and is one of the world’s most talked-about people — although not in the way he might have been hoping. However, all of the celebs help refute the idea that people in their 50s fade into obscurity and become boringly middle-aged. According to the OurTime survey, respondents say stereotypes simply don’t match reality. Half of those polled are insulted when they hear people say that people over 50 are boring and tame, while 35% strongly reject the idea that people “let themselves go” when they hit middle age. Meanwhile, celebrities over 50 have been sharing the ways in which they keep themselves looking and feeling sexy. Last year, The Post revealed the workout tips and tricks Demi Moore, Naomi Campbell and Sharon Stone use to stay sizzling.