At last, Leon Rose and the Knicks have their point guard. It took a lot of money — a reported $104 million, according to Yahoo, over four years — and several trades to create cap space, but Jalen Brunson is headed to New York City, agreeing to a deal after NBA free agency opened Thursday. The Mavericks guard is coming back to the Northeast, where he spent a good portion of his childhood and won two national championships at Villanova, filling a decades-long void for the Knicks. Brunson was expected to meet with the Mavericks and the Knicks on Thursday night before coming to a decision, but roughly an hour before the start of the free agent period, NBA reporter Marc Stein tweeted the media was off. ESPN reported in the days leading up to the free agency period that Dallas was only willing to offer Brunson a five-year deal in the ballpark of the four-year, $85 million deal Raptors guard Fred VanVleet signed in 2020. In picking the Knicks, Brunson is reunited with his former agent in Rose, and will join RJ Barrett to form a strong 1-2 backcourt punch that could vault Tom Thibodeau’s team back into playoff contention. Brunson knows Thibodeau well. Growing up in Illinois, with his father Rick on Thibodeau’s staff with the Bulls, Brunson frequently attended practice and developed a bond with current Knicks guard Derrick Rose. Rick was recently added to Thibodeau’s staff with the Knicks. There is the idea that the Knicks are overpaying for Brunson, who just became a full time-starter for the Mavericks in December. They had to move several draft picks — including the No. 11 overall choice — and veteran players Kemba Walker, Alec Burks and Nerlens Noel to create enough cap space to afford him. Brunson, a 2018 second-round pick, has averaged 11.9 points, 3.7 points and 3.0 rebounds in 24.7 minutes while shooting 37.3 percent from 3-point range across his five-year NBA career. Get the latest updates on all NBA free agency signings and rumors with the New York Post’s live coverage.  “It will make them more competitive, but it doesn’t take them to a serious contender,” a league source told The Post. “He’s a very talented player. What does he turn the Knicks into? Probably they advance past the play-in. Do they win a round? I don’t know. “I don’t think what they have in place now — him, Julius [Randle] and RJ as your top three — is going to crack into the upper echelon of the Eastern Conference.” The 25-year-old Brunson is coming off his best year as a pro, posting career-bests in points (16.3), assists (4.8), rebounds (3.9) and minutes (31.9). He was at his best in the playoffs, helping the Mavericks reach the Western Conference finals by posting 21.6 points, 4.6 rebounds and 3.7 assists. He showed his potential without superstar Luka Doncic in the first round, producing games of 41 and 31 points in wins over the Jazz. He fills a drought at point guard for the franchise that used Burks out of position at the spot last year there due to injuries to Derrick Rose and Walker. The Knicks have had 12 different starting point guards since 2009 on Opening Night. Only Raymond Felton, in 2010 and ‘12, started at the point more than once. The list has included journeymen such as Felton, Trey Burke, Ramon Sessions, Chris Duhon and Jose Calderon. Now, the Knicks believe they have an answer at the one in the on-the-rise Brunson.