A doctor who is the father of a baby boy at 83 years old says he lives each day knowing he won’t get to see his son grow up. Nutrition expert Alberto Cormillot says he does what he can now to give the tot as many memories as possible. His wife, Estefania Pasquini, 35, became pregnant with the tot after fertility treatment. Despite Dr. Cormillot’s age, he says he is actively involved in raising his son, Emilio. He said: “I’m aware that life is not infinite. That little guy’s here and I’m going to accompany him until a certain moment. “Until that happens I plan to enjoy every day to the fullest and make plans that are more short-term, which means I enjoy every day as fully as I can.” He tries to make their time together as enjoyable as possible to leave his son with memories he can hold on to for life. Thinking about the future, Dr. Cormillot constantly leaves audio messages for his son to discover in the future. He said: “That means that although he still really is a baby, he has a phone number with WhatsApp in which I record audio and send him videos. “I don’t over-dramatize things, I just record the reality of life.” He already has two adult sons, Renee and Adrian, and three granddaughters. His first wife Monika Arborgast died in 2017. Dr. Cormillot – who lives in Argentina – was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2012, but all traces of the tumor were removed by surgery. The couple have told how they have hired a private Chinese language tutor for their son – now nine months old. They began planning for the child’s future as soon as they knew the baby was on the way. Dr. Cormillot said that he wanted his son to learn Chinese because it was the “language of the future”. As well as learning Chinese, he is also teaching the new baby to play the organ and posted a video of himself with the youngster at the keyboard. He added that he was constantly thinking how he can best prepare his son for the future while he was still around. “I’m encouraging him to crawl for example.” He said that he liked to teach the boy songs from when he was a child, as always planning how to make the most of their time together. Speaking about the boy’s Chinese teacher, he said: “Emilio has a person who twice a week talks to him, sings to him and plays for him in Chinese. “As it is the language of the future, I want him to get used to hearing it as a child and he will find it easier to learn it better when he grows up.” He said the female tutor comes to the house and speaks Chinese so he gets used to the sound of the language. He added: “I don’t know if he will speak in Chinese in the future, but at least that’s how we can incorporate it.” Dr. Cormillot has written more than a hundred scientific papers presented at international conferences and journals and written more than 50 books mostly on health education. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.