A shooting at a gay nightclub in Oslo killed two people and injured 14 Saturday, hours before the Norwegian capital was set to host its annual Pride parade. A suspect believed to be the lone shooter was placed under arrest shortly following the shooting massacre, which was centered around The London Pub and spread to a neighboring establishment and nearby street. “I saw a man arrive with a bag, he picked up a gun and started to shoot,” journalist Olav Roenneberg of public broadcaster NRK reported. The alleged gunman, whose name was not released as of early Saturday morning, is a 42-year-old Norwegian citizen of Iranian descent, according to officials. Oslo police are investigating the mass shooting as an act of terrorism. Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre said the shooting was a “cruel and deeply shocking attack on innocent people.” Police spokesman Tore Barstad said the motive was not immediately known and that it wasn’t clear whether the shooting had any connection to the Pride parade that was scheduled to be held Saturday. Officials were in contact with the organizers of the Pride event for a “continuous assessment” before advising a shutdown of Saturday’s festivities, according to Barstad. “Oslo Pride has received clear advice and a recommendation from the police that the parade, Pride Park, and any other event in relation to Oslo Pride be canceled,” organizers said on Facebook. “Oslo Pride, therefore, implores anyone who had planned to participate in or watch the parade, not to show up.” “We will follow the police’s recommendation and take care of each other. We are sending warm thoughts and love to next of kin, those who were wounded, and others affected.” Several of the wounded victims were being treated for severe injuries, officials said. The London Pub, which opened in 1979, is a popular gay nightclub and bar in central Oslo. No employees were injured in the shooting. “Tonight’s shooting is absolutely horrific and pure evil,” the club announced on Facebook. Our thoughts go to the dead, injured and relatives. All employees in London are safe and physically unharmed. Take care of each other during this time.” With Post wires