The star quality of Johnny Depp’s lawyer, Camille Vasquez, just keeps growing. Vasquez, 37, and her associate Benjamin G. Chew — who both helped lead Depp, 59, to victory on June 1 at his defamation trial against his ex-wife Amber Heard — are set to star in a new docuseries about the case. Discovery+ UK has commissioned a second series about the court case, which will feature testimonies and interviews with the lawyers and representatives from both Depp and Heard’s sides. The two-part documentary is a follow-up to the first “Johnny vs. Amber” series that debuted in December 2021. The first show looked into the “Dark Shadows” actor’s 2020 libel trial in the UK High Court against the Sun. The second series will focus on Heard and Depp’s battle at the Fairfax County, Virginia, courthouse. A jury bestowed $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages to Depp. The episodes will examine much of the evidence and the testimonies of both actors presented in court. Legal teams, friends, family and key witnesses are also set to appear. “When we commissioned ‘Johnny vs. Amber’ for Discovery+, we knew that we were tackling a very sensitive case but one with huge global profile and interest that would resonate with our audience,” Clare Laycock, head of entertainment for Warner Bros. Discovery UK said in a statement. Vasquez has become a superstar in her own right since becoming part of Depp’s legal team and an associate at Brown Rudnick. She has since scored a partnership role at the firm after winning the trial for the Kentucky native. “We are delighted to welcome Camille to the partnership,” William Baldiga, chairman and CEO of Brown Rudnick, said in a press release Tuesday. “Historically, we have reserved this announcement for the end of our fiscal year. But Camille’s performance during the Johnny Depp trial proved to the world that she was ready to take this next step now,” he continued. Baldiga went on, “We are incredibly proud of her and look forward to what she will accomplish as our newest partner.” The Post also reported on Sunday that the University of Southern California graduate has been inundated with offers from Hollywood and is at the center of a bidding war among high-profile law firms that want her on their teams. “Talent agents are circling Camille because they recognize that she is the unicorn — a smart, savvy, poised attorney whose impactful performance during the trial propelled her to a rare level of visibility,” a source explained on Sunday. “And the fact that she is a woman of color is an added bonus.”