Johnny Depp is planning an official showbiz return after his victorious courtroom showdown with ex-wife Amber Heard — a new album with guitar god Jeff Beck. The “Pirates of the Caribbean” star has already joined the “Hi Ho Silver Lining” rocker on a series of high-profile UK gigs — even missing the court verdict that he was defamed by his ex. Hard-living Depp, 58, didn’t mention his $10 million win during his latest appearance, in Gateshead — but buddy Beck referred to it, according to the BBC, which quoted him as saying, “What a result.” The guitar maestro then revealed what his Hollywood star pal was going to do next — teasing the crowd about the upcoming album while gushing about their friendship. “I met this guy five years ago and we’ve never stopped laughing since,” Beck told the crowd, according to the BBC. “We actually made an album. I don’t know how it happened. It will be out in July,” he said. The pair already released their first single as a duo, a cover of John Lennon’s “Isolation,” in April, calling themselves “musical soulmates.” At the time, Beck explained that they had “been working on music together for a while now.” “You’ll be hearing more from Johnny and me in a little while,” the one-time Yardbird teased fans at the time. Depp has increasingly turned his back on Hollywood to focus on music — calling it his first love — most famously in the Hollywood Vampires with Alice Cooper and Aerosmith’s Joe Perry. He was clearly “having fun” at Thursday’s show, Beck fan James Pallister, 32, told the BBC. “He looked really happy. He seemed to be in a great place,” he said. “The crowd was behind him and I think he gave people what they wanted to see.” Miya Wright, 28, told the broadcaster that she got tickets to the gig only after seeing that the actor was in town and likely to appear. “I’ve been a huge fan of his since I was about 10,” she said. “And this is just mind-boggling that he’s here.” Not all fans at the show were as impressed, however. “Jeff Beck was excellent,” Nick Rowe, 64, told the BBC. “The thing that spoiled the whole night was the talentless Mr. Depp. He was like a drunken pub singer at one point. I don’t know what Jeff Beck’s thinking of,” he said of the legendary rocker, deemed by many one of the greatest guitarists of all time. Seven Virginia jurors ruled in Depp’s favor Wednesday on all three of his claims related to a Washington Post op-ed Heard wrote about becoming a “public figure representing domestic abuse” following the couple’s split. The verdict capped a six-week trial filled with allegations of abuse on both sides.