A Texas man who raps about robbing ATMs  lived out his own lyrics when he was busted for stealing from a cash machine in Tennessee earlier this week. Ladesion Riley, 30, was one of four people charged for allegedly holding up an ATM technician at a Bank of America in Nashville as he serviced the machine on Monday, according to the Nashville Metropolitan Police Department. The other suspects are Darius Dugas, 27, Sashondre Dugas, 32, and Christopher Alton, 27. All four alleged thieves hail from Houston. According to police, two members of the group approached the technician from behind around 10:40 a.m. and “told him to not do anything stupid and hand over the money.” They took the cash and fled in vehicles. One of the getaway cars, a Hyundai Elantra, had been rented through Hertz, cops said. Using aviation units, police tracked the Hyundai and a maroon Jeep that accompanied to a Motel 6 in Dickson, Tenn. Detectives watched the group load up the Jeep with what appeared to be cash. Police said they then saw Riley, Sashondre Dugas and Darius Dugas drive off in the vehicle after checking out of the motel, while Alton left in the Hyundai. Soon after the suspects took off in both cars, police moved in and arrested all four with help from the FBI. Cash was recovered during the arrest, cops said. Riley, whose rap name is “213 Jugg god,” released a song on YouTube called “Make It Home” last month in which he brags about robbing ATMs. “Jugging” is slang for following unsuspecting victims to rob them. The lyrics describe robbing ATMs in different states, having thousands of dollars in the car, and praying that they make it home without getting stopped by police. The rapper was mocked by the Houston Police Union in a Facebook post. “IRONY: When you make a rap song called “Make It Home”, about bank jugging and hitting atm’s out of state, and then don’t make it home to Houston…” the union said with laughing face emojis. According to jail records shared on social media by the police union, Riley was out on bond at the time of the robbery for a pending evading arrest in a motor vehicle charge. Riley and the three others  are being charged federally. The FBI is looking into whether the group committed robberies in other parts of the country.