Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg defended the Democrats’ response to the ongoing inflation crisis on Sunday, arguing Republican lawmakers are more concerned about feuding with Disney than they are about offering economic solutions. Buttigieg, a member of President Biden’s Cabinet and former presidential candidate, took aim at the GOP in response to a request about his advice to Democratic candidates who face tough questions from voters on the state of the economy ahead of the 2022 midterm elections. “There is our approach, which is to find solutions, to invest in our supply chains, like we’re doing with the infrastructure money, certainly in my department and in others, to do everything that we can to lower costs for American families, like the cost of insulin and prescription drugs,” Buttigieg said during an appearance on ABC News’ “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.” “And then there’s the other path that congressional conservatives have put forward, which doesn’t really speak much to inflation,” he added. “It’s, you know, raising taxes on lower and middle-class families, making a lot of political hay out of the very real challenges that families are feeling and going to war with Mickey Mouse.” Buttigieg did not call out a GOP figure by name. But Republicans, especially Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a likely candidate for the GOP’s 2024 presidential candidate, have targeted Disney in recent weeks after the entertainment giant spoke out against the state’s “Don’t Say Gay” law. DeSantis said Disney “crossed the line” by publicly criticizing the GOP-backed law. The governor led an effort to revoke special tax privileges that essentially allowed Disney to self-govern its theme park district in Florida. Last month, DeSantis said that Florida would retake control of Disney’s autonomous district. In his defense of Democrat-backed economic policies, Buttigieg asserted that President Biden’s “American Rescue Plan” helped the US economy avert a “very real risk of recession, if not depression” during the COVID-19 pandemic. Biden has faced sharp criticism in recent weeks over his failure to address inflation. Consumers prices have surged to four-decade highs in the months since he took office as supply chain bottlenecks and the Russia-Ukraine war roil the global economy. Gas prices are a source of particular pain for American households, with prices jumping to record highs in recent days. When Stephanopoulos pointed out that some of Biden’s attempts to lower gas prices, such as a release of oil from the strategic reserves, have been ineffective, Buttigieg shifted the blame to US oil companies. “The price of gasoline is not set by a dial in the Oval Office,” Buttigieg said. “And when an oil company is deciding, hour by hour, how much to charge you for a gallon of gas, they’re not calling the administration to ask what they should do; they’re doing it based on their goal of maximizing their profits.”