Viewers will be in for quite a sugar rush when they see Jerry Seinfeld’s new film, “Unfrosted: The Pop-Tarts Story.” Seinfeld, 68, is starring, writing, directing and producing the origin story of the breakfast pastry — his first film in 15 years. He last lent his acting chops on the silver screen in 2007’s “Bee Movie.” On Wednesday, the Netflix movie’s delicious cast was announced and includes A-list stars that sound de-lite-ful. Melissa McCarthy, Jim Gaffigan, Amy Schumer, Hugh Grant, James Marsden, Jack McBrayer, Tom Lennon, Adrian Martinez, Bobby Moynihan, Max Greenfield, Christian Slater and Sarah Cooper are set to appear in the comedy, the Wrap reported. The flick will take watchers back to 1963 Michigan, and will chronicle the food manufacturing companies, Kellogg’s and Post, who are cereal enemies. “[It is] a tale of ambition, betrayal, sugar and menacing milkmen,” the logline for the movie said. The story follows the two brands as they compete to devise a pastry that will transform how kids eat breakfast for generations to come. Seinfeld co-wrote the film with Spike Feresten and Barry Marder and came up with the project idea during the coronavirus pandemic, Deadline reported last year. “Stuck at home watching endless sad faces on TV, I thought this would be a good time to make something based on pure silliness,” he told the publication. “So we took my Pop-Tart stand-up bit from my last Netflix special and exploded it into a giant, crazy comedy movie.” The “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” star has a passion for the frosted breakfast staple and the film is inspired by a segment from his 2020 Netflix special “23 Hours to Kill.” He recalled in his show that, at age 8, “the back of [his] head blew right off” when he first saw Pop-Tarts in the grocery store. “I was in the supermarket with my mother and I was like, ‘Hold up, hold up — what the hell is that?’ ” he said. “When you open the packet, there’s two. Why? One’s not enough; three is too many — that’s why. It was perfect. Perfect vision of the future from Kellogg’s.”