Veronika Khomyn is reliving her lavish wedding weekend after marrying Sean McVay on Saturday. In a series of Instagram Stories shared Sunday on Khomyn’s page, the Rams’ Super Bowl-winning head coach, 36, can be seen at the altar with his gorgeous bride, with the content transitioning to the reception inside the Beverly Hills Hotel, where the new Mr. and Mrs. were filmed taking one of their first dances as husband and wife. Later in the evening, McVay was captured taking a bite out of a Lombardi Trophy-shaped cake, roughly four months after he and the Rams defeated the Bengals in Super Bowl 2022. Khomyn, a realtor who specializes in luxury properties, has been by McVay’s side for several years, dating back to his time as a staffer on the now-Washington Football Team, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. McVay became the Rams’ head coach in 2017 and proposed to Khomyn two years later. “The man of my dreams, my best friend and the love of my life asked me to marry him…And I said YES!!! to being his McBae forever,” she gushed on Instagram in the summer of 2019. Khomyn showed her support for McVay in February as his Rams reached the Super Bowl, with the couple later sharing a kiss on the sideline at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles following the win. “I’ve watched this guy grind nonstop. Day in and day out. No breaks. He always puts everyone else first, and winning this Lombardi trophy for his team, his family, his friends… is a dream come true!!! I love you babe, you deserve this times a million. Victory tastes pretty damn good!” Khomyn exclaimed of McVay on Instagram. In recent months, the pair have continued to express their support for Ukraine, Khomyn’s native country, amid Russia’s invasion. “I proudly stand with my fellow Ukrainians and I admire their strength. They have faced unimaginable adversity with such profound grace and bravery, their fight and the way they have united the world is truly inspiring. There is no place in our world for this kind of violence and our prayers go out to all the lives that have been lost,” Khomyn said during an appearance at the Critics Choice Awards in March, according to People.” That same month, McVay also praised Khomyn during a virtual press conference. “Just watching the grace with which she’s handled this, how strong her family’s been in the midst of this, I’m just so proud to be associated with that culture,” he said, per the OC Register. McVay also said of Khomyn’s loved ones, “They’re an incredible, graceful example of exactly what you’d want your family to be.”