By the time top chef/restaurateur Ryan Hardy — of foodie faves Charlie Bird, Pasquale Jones and Legacy Records — and his wife, PR maven Agatha Capacchione, founder of the Ashima Group, finished the renovation of their beloved Greenwich Village loft, they were parents to two kids. It was time to move to a bigger space. Now their two-bedroom loft co-op at 8 W. 13th St. is on the market for $2.85 million — and the family is heading to larger digs in the Flatiron District. They were loathe to leave. Not only did they customize the space with the help of the Milktrout Design Group, they also loved the building’s history. A former factory built in 1910, it was later flooded with artists — who reportedly included Diego Rivera, Hardy said. The onetime personal chef to Jay-Z is the founder of Delicious Hospitality Group. The home is centered around a Bulthaup chef’s kitchen that features the couple’s favorite handmade chrome plated Slayer espresso machine. All of the water is charcoal filtered and pressurized with twin high transfer booster pumps. There’s also a bar, an 80-bottle wine storage and custom cabinets for a crystal wine glass collection. “It’s a chef’s loft, with an incredible kitchen,” Hardy said. “It’s full of light, one of the taller buildings in Greenwich Village, and my little getaway from the hustle and bustle of the restaurants. We designed it to have a very calming aesthetic, which is important after coming home from working in hot and energized kitchens.” The chef’s chef’s kitchen is clearly the center of the apartment. It’s built on a riser, so it is elevated. “Everything is a little lower than the kitchen. We built a little jewel box in the middle of a loft space. At dinner parties, people stand around the center of the kitchen. It lends itself to a restaurant experience in a residential kitchen. People will drink wine with me while I cook,” Hardy said. The renovation even included restoring two skylights — one of them had been blacked out with tar during World War II. The living space boasts 11-foot beamed ceilings, concrete floors, lots of hidden storage and a woodburning fireplace. The bathroom also boasts a concrete shower, custom teak shelving and storage. The custom loft space holds the second bedroom or home office, while an “accordion-style door opens completely to access the building’s roof area,” the listing notes. The smart-wired home also comes with a Sonos sound system. The building features a renovated lobby, keyed elevator, video intercom and live-in super. “We hate to leave. Everything is so customized — every drawer and detail in the kitchen and bathroom,” Hardy said. The listing broker is Corcoran’s Catherine Juracich.