A COVID-stricken Dr. Anthony Fauci had to testify remotely during a Senate hearing Thursday regarding the US response to the pandemic after the nation’s leading infectious disease expert tested positive for the virus. The 81-year-old appeared before the committee from his home where he is isolating in the wake of Wednesday’s positive rapid test result. It is the first time Fauci, who is quadruple-vaxxed against COVID, has announced he’s tested positive throughout the entire pandemic. Fauci, who said he was experiencing only mild symptoms, sparred with Sen. Paul Rand throughout the hearing as the Kentucky Republican probed him on whether he or other key scientists had received royalties from vaccine manufacturers. “Here’s what I want to know, it’s not just about you, everybody on the vaccine committee. Have any of them ever received money from the people who make vaccines?” Paul asked after a brief back-and-forth with Fauci. Fauci, who had tried to weigh in several times, responded, “Sound bite No. 1 — are you going to let me answer a question?” He didn’t answer, however, and instead cited regulations that protect scientists from having to disclose any potential royalties. “People who receive royalties are not required to divulge them — even on their financial statement — according to the Bayh Dole Act,” Fauci said, referring to a law that allows people to have ownership of inventions that arise from federally funded research. Paul also questioned Fauci on the existence of studies that show a reduction in hospitalizations or death for kids who’ve had a booster shot after the FDA gave the green light for children over 5 years to receive the Pfizer booster shot. “Right now there’s not enough data that has been accumulated, Senator Paul, to indicate that that’s the case,” Fauci said. “I believe that the recommendation that was made was based on the assumption that you can look at the morbidity and mortality of children within each of the age groups, you know, zero to five, five to 11.” Paul cut in, saying: “There are no studies — and Americans should all know this — there are no studies on children showing a reduction in hospitalization or death with taking a booster. “The only studies that were permitted, the only studies that were presented, were antibody studies.” Earlier, during his opening statement, Fauci spoke of the Omicron variant and how current vaccines have “maintained their effectiveness for preventing severe COVID-19.” “Individuals who have received only their primary vaccine regimen have a greater likelihood of getting infected with the Omicron variant than with previous variants,” Fauci said. He added, “Importantly, booster shots have been shown to significantly reconstitute and enhance the level of antibodies that neutralize the Omicron variant and in sub lineages.” Fauci had received two booster shots prior to testing positive for COVID. The infectious disease expert had not recently been in close contact with President Joe Biden or other senior government officials when he tested positive, the National Institutes of Health said Wednesday. Fauci, who is currently Biden’s chief medical adviser, has become a polarizing figure throughout the more-than-two-year pandemic. He was often at odds with former President Donald Trump’s approach to COVID-19 policies — even when he was a leading member of the previous administration’s White House COVID task force. Fauci has also repeatedly clashed with Sen. Paul during prior Senate hearings on the government’s response to COVID – especially on “gain of function” research. In March, the GOP senator vowed to introduce an amendment to remove Fauci as director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases — saying no one should be “dictator in chief.”