Phone, wallet, keys, mask. That’s been our memorized checklist of items before heading out for almost three years now. While lots of time has passed, Coronavirus cases are still popping up around us. Most recently, star studded Mick Jagger caught the strain, but has since recovered. Perhaps making even bigger headline news, Dr. Fauci has tested positive, too. Therefore, it’s obvious that COVID-19 isn’t behind us. So if you feel safer sticking with your trusty mask, then we say go for it. This even goes for exercising in public indoor gyms or outside, as physical activity is more important than ever. “Exercising and physical activity are important for physical and mental health and should be continued for healthy living, especially during the coronavirus crisis,” reads the CDC website. “However, it is necessary to take precautions to reduce exposure to and transmission of COVID-19.” It’s also important to note that “wearing masks during exercise has not been shown to be harmful” for healthy people, says the CDC site. Though, you should “remove your mask if it gets moist from sweat and replace it with a clean mask while exercising” and “have more than one mask on hand so that you can easily replace a moist mask with a dry one.” Working out while wearing a mask can be a sweaty situation as described by the CDC, especially if you don’t have the right type of mask. Luckily, many sport and athletic companies saw the need for matching masks made from their sweat-wicking materials and comfortable elastics. Here are some gym-worthy options that wick-sweat, keep you as cool as possible and, most importantly, protect yourself and others while working out. If you rather stick with a classic KF94 mask, we have some great options for you here, too. These lululemon masks will have you looking great in the gym while protecting yourself and others. Made for comfortable and no-slip wear while you workout, these masks wick sweat away. We also love the adjustable ear-loops and various color offerings, such as teal, black, gray and more. Follow the example of celebrities like Jennifer Lopez, Sarah Jessica Parker and Busy Philipps and rock a mask from Masqd. The sports-style especially is the one we recommend for the gym, as it was designed with performance in mind in addition to style. The mask has three layers of protection and a filter pocket, as well as adjustable earloops and a nose bridge to keep it safe and secure, even while sweating. The mask comes in black, white, blue, pink and more fashion-forward colors, so feel free to browse the rest of the site and stock up on other stylish masks in addition to some for your gym bag. For a disposable option, look no further than evolvetogether. The mask company has a perfect pack for you, with 30 disposable masks in a variety of colors, including black, grey, white and army green. No matter the color, each mask is four-ply for added protection, while remaining breathable for runners and high-intensity workouts. Get back to the track with this face mask built for the athlete in all of us. From Adidas, the face covering is a simple black mask with the white logo but provides protection against COVID-19 and a sweaty face. The mask is made with a minimum of 40% recycled content, making it good for the planet as well. It’s also fully machine washable, to wear again and again after your workout. Made for athletes big and small, the Sportsmask is a great option that fits your face but is also breathable while working out. The mask comes in a wide range of sizes, from XS to XXL to fit almost everyone. “When health officials said healthy people should wear face masks, we started building prototypes until we made the perfect one for athletes. It’s got the airflow you need, a cool feel, and the best fit for running or training,” reads the product page. Run fast and breathe light with this runners mask from Asics. The mask was specifically designed for working out, with a unisex fit for any type of runner. The covering also comes with both adjustable earloops and a tie that goes behind the head for a super-secure, yet comfortable fit. Reebok is the name of the game when it comes to stylish and unmatched activewear — and that includes their line of masks. This three-pack above comes in black, each with the Reebok logo and a snug fit. In addition to their comfort, this pack comes in small, medium and large sizes. Hello, friends who like to work out and stay cool. The Ultra Mask from H_llo Friend is a great option for those who need some help staying dry when sweating hard, as the mask has its CoolMax inner liner to wick sweat away and cool skin. The mask is also fully washable and reusable and can be configured to loop around the ears or around the back of the head for even more comfort. Made of cotton and polyester, this three pack of masks come in both small, medium and large sizes. The contoured fabric panel allows for a secure fit while the nose bridge provides comfort. Each ear loop also includes a back elastic, which helps relieve tension and allows the mask to be hung from the neck when not in use. You can never go wrong with a classic KF94 face mask. This set of 25 masks are made in Korea and are each individually packaged. Best of all, they are lightweight, comfortable and rest above your face instead of on top of your face. This way, the sweat from working out won’t get all over your mask. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.