A Dallas woman pretended to be a sexual abuse victim and then a grieving window. And now she’ll serve life in prison for faking both roles and instead orchestrating and attempting to cover up her husband’s murder. Jennifer Faith was hit with a life federal prison sentence on Tuesday for falsely claiming that she was sexually abused by her husband Jamie Faith to get her lover to kill him. She then fundraised off his murder, the US Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Texas said. Her public persona following the October 2020 slaying differed from her nefarious motives behind the scenes that a federal judge called “pure evil” during the sentencing, prosecutors said. Faith, 49, even went as far as to set up fake email accounts pretending to be her husband, an American Airlines executive, and a friend of hers to trick gunman Darrin Ruben Lopez into believing she was physically abused. She also downloaded stock images of injuries from the internet and emailed them to Lopez to further convince him the abuse was real, according to prosecutors. She admitted as part of her plea agreement there was never any abuse. “Ms. Faith put on quite a performance in the wake of her husband’s murder. She poured out her sob story to reporters and law enforcement, then headed home to orchestrate her coverup,” said US Attorney Chad Meacham. “But crocodile tears didn’t stop the feds. We were committed to getting justice for Jamie, and with the Judge’s imposition of a life sentence this afternoon, we’re one step closer.” Faith coordinated with Lopez, an Army vet and Tennessee resident, to orchestrate the slaying of Jamie Faith. Lopez, who has yet to stand trial, is accused of shooting Jamie Faith seven times outside his home while he and Jennifer Faith walked their dog, prosecutors said. The shooting was about seven months into the tryst. Faith was caught on audio screaming during the attack and caught on video crying hysterically afterwards, which prosecutors showed at the sentencing. “I turned around and I just saw this person shoot and shoot. I couldn’t believe – I didn’t know him. Like, why?” a sobbing Faith told a Dallas police detective after the shooting that was videotaped. “A lot of shots, five, six, maybe, I feel like. And he just kept going, and I’m like, stop it! “And then I saw the person turn and like, just, dark eyes, coming toward me. And so I started – I yelled no, and I started to run. And he tackled me to the ground. He was trying to attack me the whole time I was screaming.” But before the murder, she sent Lopez, who she called her “one and only love,” gifts and money, the feds said. The two had dated in high school and college. And after the shooting, she sent him two credit cards that she paid off using money from a GoFundMe fundraiser called “Support Jennifer Faith” launched in the wake of her husband’s death. After police became aware of a “T” decal on Lopez’s pickup truck he used to drive away after the alleged shooting, Faith went on a television station to help investigators located the decaled truck. But after the interview, she texted Lopez to remove the sticker. “I woke up in a bit of a panic… Something is eating away at me telling me you need to take the sticker out of the back window of the truck,” she texted him, according to the feds. “I don’t normally overreact like this… really think you need to get that sticker off ASAP, like today.” A month after the shooting death, Faith attempted to gobble up $629,000 in death benefits from her husband’s life insurance company with promises to Lopez of buying a home in Tennessee with him, prosecutors said. When she was contacted to come in for questioning by investigators in early January 2021, Faith admitted she coordinated her cover story with Lopez. “Don’t text me Monday. I am going to factory reset my phone on Sunday night after deleting texts,” she wrote. “Ok sounds good,” Lopez responded. “Big hug.” On top of the life sentence, Faith, who pleaded guilty to interstate murder-for-hire, also needs to pay her late husband’s family $6,500 to cover his funeral costs and another $250,000 in fines. “No amount of time in federal prison will ever be able to bring Mr. Faith back, however this sentencing shows the gravity of Ms. Faith’s criminal acts,” said ATF Dallas Special Agent in Charge Jeffrey Boshek. “Her spineless attempt to sway law enforcement and public opinion will forever be etched into the hearts of those affected by her monstrous crime.”