Ever journey to the Amazon jungle where you spend your mornings with sloths, evenings with tarantulas and nights with bats flying past you? Not to brag, but I have — and it’s unlike any other place I’ve traveled to. Having ventured to the Peruvian sector of the Amazon Rainforest for a month, tall, lush trees shot into the sky, waterfalls tumbled into the earth and stars shined like a million pieces of shattered glass. Needless to say, it was very different from my concrete jungle life here in New York City. But the most unique parts of the Amazon jungle was its biodiversity. One of the jungle’s darkest secrets is that it’s home to over 30 million species with thousands of new creepy crawlers discovered each year. That means that in just one acre of the Amazon Rainforest, you can expect up to 70,000 species of insects. But what’s the most common little guys you’ll be dodging left and right? Our well-known friend, the dreaded mosquito. With such a high number of mosquitos whizzing around, you’re guaranteed to get some bites. But if you’re like my travel buddies, you can end up going home with more than a few bites. Instead, you can expect dozens of bug bite scars (yep, scars) and terribly itchy nights. So, what do you do to nix uncomfortable and painful mosquito bites in the bud? Do you carry a bug zapper with you? Perhaps something more convenient like the PARA’KITO mosquito repellant wristband ($20). PARA’KITO is an insect repellant brand that makes sprays, roll-on gels, sandals and, my favorite, wearable repellants, such as their mosquito bracelet. While many other mosquito repellents use harsh chemicals as a solution to keeping the bugs away, PARA’KITO only uses a unique blend of natural essential oils without DEET. This way, you can let your inner explorer out without having to swat around. Perhaps the best part of the PARA’KITO anti mosquito bracelet is it’s ease. All you do is take one of the two included natural oil pellets and place it inside of the wristband’s mesh pocket. Securely fasten the adjustable bracelet to your wrist, and you’re done! The natural oils will instantly release into the air making your scent and breath almost undetectable to mosquitos. Best of all, each refill lasts up to 15 days so it can easily be replaced. Plus, the wristband is waterproof which came in handy while exploring in the rain or after swimming in a waterfall I wore the PARA’KITO bracelet every single day I was in the Amazon rainforest. Whether I was swimming in the river with piranhas, eating Lomo Saltado or sleeping in our screen-windowed home, this bracelet was on my wrist. Due to its adjustable sizing, it was never too tight — even when I would swell up due to the hot, humid temperatures. Better yet, it was so lightweight that I would forget I had it on. The PARA’KITO bracelet was also extremely durable. The mesh and the band itself never ripped or gave way during my time in the jungle. Something to note, I wasn’t relaxing on this month-long trip — it was full of building, exploring, playing and venturing. The same goes for its length of use, as I only needed two pellets for the entirety of my trip. While I did pair the bracelet with the OFF! Deep Woods bug spray, I know the bracelet itself worked. I traveled to the jungle with 11 other women who did not have the PARA’KITO bracelet but used the same bug spray as me. While not everyone suffered severe bites, most left the trip with about 50 to 80 bites and permanent scaring from scratching. It almost sounds too insane to be true, but I lived with these girls and saw the bites with my own eyes. I didn’t leave bite-free — as no one escapes the Amazon jungle unscathed — but I only had about 10 to 15 bites upon leaving and maybe two scars. Not to be forgotten, $20 is nothing when you get to enjoy restful nights instead of itchy insomnia. Plus, the refill pellets are only $13 if you need to stash some away. I will note though, the bracelet isn’t discrete. I few locals pointed it out asking why I was afraid of the bugs. So, if you rather something small and secretive, try the brand’s clips instead. The bracelet also gave me a noticeable tan line, as I spent my days under the sun. But it was worth it to me. Most importantly, don’t ditch the bug spray. Instead, pair the bracelet with one of the brand’s top-notch bug sprays for full protection. The wristband is currently available in nine different colors, from pink and blue to white and red. Plus, this adjustable bracelet comes with two essential oil pellets. If you need more than the two included essential oil pellets your PARA’KITO bracelet comes with, make sure to snag this pack of refills. Each refill lasts up to 15 days. Pair your wristband with this effective mosquito repellant spray for the complete mosquito-fighting package. It’s soft on the skin and features a refreshing scent instead of a harsh smell. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.