Two more grieving families — including kin of the slain teacher whose grief-stricken husband died of a heart attack, and the father of a 10-year-old boy who was also killed in the Uvalde massacre – have joined the $100 million lawsuit against the estate of shooter Salvador Ramos. The family of Robb Elementary School teacher Irma Garcia and heartbroken husband Joe Garcia — as well as the father of 10-year-old Jose Flores Jr. —  signed Thursday onto the suit filed by injury attorney Thomas Henry, The Daily Mail reported. The lawsuit states that “each of these children have undergone extensive medical care. Some have undergone multiple surgeries, they have all suffered severe physical injuries and unimaginable emotional trauma. They witnessed their friends and teachers being shot and dying in front of them.” The plaintiffs are accusing Ramos of assault and battery with a deadly weapon, intentional infliction of emotional distress and malice and are demanding a jury trial. They also intend to hold the “school system, law enforcement, social media, and gun and ammunition manufacturers,” for their role in the deadly incident. Salvador Ramos’ mother Adriana Reyes is named as a potential defendant since Ramos’ estate does not yet have an official representative. Should the court appoint a representative to manage Ramos’ estate, that person will serve as the defendant when the trial proceeds. Garcia was one of the two teachers who died trying to protect young students from the gunfire. Two days after the shooting, her husband of 24 years died of a heart attack that family said was brought on by the grief of his loss. The couple is survived by their two daughters and two sons. The couple’s 15-year-old daughter had penned a heartfelt tribute to her parents that she left at a memorial outside the school in the days after the massacre, saying their names would never be forgotten. “Dad, I know this was too much for you. Your heart could not take it,” Lyliana Garcia wrote of her father’s passing. “I will spend the rest of my life fighting for you and mom. Your names will not be forgotten.” Fourth-grader Jose Flores Jr. was described as an amazing boy and big brother to his two younger siblings. He loved playing baseball and video games. “He was always full of energy,” his father, Jose Flores Sr. told CNN in the wake of the shooting. “Ready to play till the night.” In addition to the families of Garcia and Flores, four other children are represented in the suit — all of whom suffered serious injuries, the Mail reported. One was shot in the face, the second in the back, another child in the leg, and another in the shoulder, according to the report. “We’re sending a message to our country, this cannot go on anymore,’ Henry said, according to the Mail. “There will be consequences.” “This case is going be about the flaws and errors that led to this tragic loss of life.”