TikTok just keeps swimming with trends. In the newest one, the old line by baby Dory from Pixar’s 2016 animated film “Finding Dory” gets revived — but with a twist. “Hi, I’m Dory,” the sound goes, as a sample of a piano cover plays and the little fish adds, “Let’s go!” And what’s better than including the iconic character: It’s as simple as a TikTok dance could possibly get. All it takes is waving your arms as if you’re a fish treading water as you slowly step in place to the tune, then lip-syncing “Let’s go!” as an invitation to viewers or others in the video itself to join in. As with any viral sound on the platform — and one musical clip alone has been repurposed more than 822,000 times — many users are using it to crack a few jokes. In a clip with more than 1 million likes, one woman joked about her husband falling asleep on the couch even when he “wasn’t tired,” motioning for him to follow her to bed despite being knocked out cold. “Me convincing my sister to come out past her bedtime to get an overpriced drinky,” another user wrote on their video with nearly 650,000 likes, which uses the same sound. Despite the seeming ease of this so-called dance, don’t beat yourself up if you can’t get in sync. Researchers from the University of Melbourne in Australia discovered genetics may have something to do with a lack of dance skills, a new study suggested earlier this month. The study, which was published in the Nature Human Behavior journal, revealed that 13% to 16% of rhythm-determining genes are, in fact, hereditary. But that won’t stop the internet’s deep fascination with silly little dances that have a chance to go viral — as minimal as they may be. “I would say that a TikTok dance is less about moves and more about the energy and the personality,” Nika Kermani, a dance instructor and owner of the dance studio NK Studios, told Vice last year. “You’ll see people who literally are doing hardly anything in a TikTok dance and yet it goes viral just ‘cause the energy that they’re giving or the personality that they convey in that video is just so engaging and kinda mesmerizing to watch.” As Dory would say: “Let’s go!”