Dyson Daniels’ mother was the talk of the 2022 NBA Draft. NBA fans on Thursday night instantly became enamored with Brikitta Kool-Daniels, who took her son’s arm as she walked on stage inside the Barclays Center wearing a white dress with a slit. “Trying to see more fan reactions about Dyson Daniels & Christian Braun and all I’m seeing is chatter about their moms,” one person tweeted Friday. In addition to Brikitta, Daniels’ father Ricky was also in attendance Thursday night, with the matriarch gushing on Instagram, “We have a #8 Draft pick in the NBA.” Though it’s unclear when Ricky and Brikitta have tied the knot, she recognized their wedding anniversary in December with an Instagram post. Brikitta and Ricky, who began a professional basketball career after playing for NC State, share three sons, Dyson, Kai, and Dash. The matriarch of the tight-knit Daniels family seems like the ultimate boy mom. She often travels to sporting events to watch her sons play, according to Instagram posts, as well as other outings. Brikitta documented her pre-NBA Draft and draft night experiences in various video posts on Instagram, which featured the proud mom getting glammed up and giving interviews — and she doesn’t appear to be camera shy. “Learning everyday from the adventurous rollercoaster of Life,” Brikitta’s Instagram bio reads. According to her LinkedIn account, Brikitta is a director at an independent fitness club. Brikitta said she and her husband had been in the fitness industry for two decades when discussing the business in a 2018 Instagram video. When she’s not cheering on her sons or husband in their various ventures, Brikitta is spending time outdoors, hiking, biking, and doing Soul Cycle classes. The couple appears to bond over various outdoor activities, as well. The family will likely be spending a lot of time in New Orleans, where the defensive-minded Daniels — a former NBA G League Ignite player — will team up with veteran Brandon Ingram, CJ McCollum and the face of the Pelicans franchise, Zion Williamson. Daniels made his debut for the Australian senior national team at FIBA Asia Cup qualification in 2021.