Whether Megan Fox is having a PDA moment with fiancé Machine Gun Kelly or debuting a new tattoo, she is always making waves. This is especially true when it comes to the actress’ fashion forward looks, such as the leopard and lace dress she rocked at friend Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s luxe wedding in Portofino, Italy. Now, the 36-year-old is taking her fashion expertise to new heights. On June 7, Fox partnered with global fashion e-retailer, Boohoo, for the second time to launch the Megan 2.0 Collection. The Megan 2.0 summer collection, born with the help of her stylist Maeve Reilly, focuses on female empowerment, as the dynamic duo believe that fashion should be daring and inclusive. The end result? A collection that celebrates individuality and helps shoppers feel confident and sexy throughout the season. “I am so excited to introduce my latest collection to my fans! Partnering with Boohoo has brought my personal creativity and style to life,” shared Fox in a press release. “This new collection showcases a gorgeous color palette fitting for the season. Keeping in theme with the first collection, the styles are incredibly sexy and bold — two things I personally try to embody with my style choices. Megan Fox 2.0 is a collection that will empower everybody and I’m excited for everyone to rock it in their own way.” Shoppers can look forward to over 40 various styles encompassing statement colors, monochromatic bold suits, baggy boyfriend jeans, sexy cut out dresses, on-trend sparkly mini skirts, crisp button down shirts and more. Best of all, the collection is available in US sizes 2 to 24 and starts at the low price of $12. To shop this trend-forward collection, head over to Boohoo.com, or check out our selects below. A part of the Boohoo x Megan Fox part two collection, this garment is designed by Megan and embodies her own personal style. Details include rhinestones and high-neck mesh material. Featuring a button-up neck, side pocket and tapered wrists, this shirt is ideal for the office or going out. Pair it with a fun skirt like Megan or go simple with a pair of jeans. Available in both black and mango colors, this bodycon dress hugs you in all the right places. Further features include an open back, halter neck and a ripple texture. Looking for the perfect structured corset top? Well, you’ve found it. This one comes in black, white and statement orange. Everything from the cowl neck to the leg slit is divine. But best of all, we can’t get enough of the metallic foil design. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.