How much attention is paid to what a groom will wear on his wedding day? Odds are, not much, since historically a groom’s options have been pretty limited, with nowhere near the many varied options brides enjoy. But grooms — fret no longer. Thanks to designers and celebrities taking more style risks on the runway and red carpet, guys have more choice and inspiration in the design, color and accessories than ever before. “Today, guys are more aware of trends and they want to bring their individual style in new ways,” said Jeff Jones, vice-president of merchandising for Joseph Abboud. When shopping for a suit or tuxedo, think about what your partner will be wearing. “The couple’s attire sets the tone for the formality of the event. The groom should always be a level more formal than the expectations of their guests,” said Carrie Goldberg, founder and creative director of CLG Creative. Formality can be dictated by where the wedding will be held, as well as the time of day. A tuxedo, for example, is more appropriate after 6 p.m., while a suit can be worn at any time. “Typically, formal events, often referred to as black-tie events, call for a tuxedo,” said Tina Sroat, chief merchandising and planning officer at the Black Tux. “Semiformal events imply a suit. If an event specifies, it’s highly recommended you respect this and dress accordingly.” White tuxedo jackets are having a bit of a moment. Associated with destination weddings, summertime affairs and tropical settings, Jones said that it’s the James Bond effect. “It innately brings a sense of cool to the groom.” Personalization, as with all the wedding’s details, is a great way for a couple or individual to convey their personality and style. “Color is a great way for him to express his personal style through either a colored tuxedo or suit and/or novelty neckwear and accessories,” said Sroat. “With the latter, the options are endless — vibrant neckwear, patterned socks, fun shoes, lapel pins, heirloom jewelry. It’s a great way to wear a more traditional tuxedo or suit but add his own touch.” And like a bride, it’s not uncommon for a groom to change into a second look for the reception, “either by changing the style of suit from formal tuxedo to disco tux or simply changing jackets,” said Goldberg. “We do recommend that grooms purchase a second shirt, given that they are likely to sweat through the first one.” Above all, Goldberg said that fit and quality are paramount. “Regardless of how beautiful the material is, an ill-fitting suit is possibly the biggest sin in menswear.”