Here tans the bride. The latest wed-and-wild trend is showing skin in a bridal bikini or swimsuit either while tying the knot or as part of the broader “I do” festivities. “I said yes to the bikini,” Brooklyn Heights-based newlywed Kate Turner, 27, told The Post. While Turner, who works in marketing, wore a more traditional $4,000 Kleinfeld Bridal gown for her Memorial Day weekend nuptials in Brooklyn, she opted for an all-white bikini — complete with a Carrie Bradshaw-esque removable tulle tutu train — for her South Beach Miami bachelorette party. At $1,390, the surf- and sand-resistant get-up didn’t come cheap — but Turner said it was the picture-perfect outfit for an itinerary that included a boozy brunch, yacht party and dancing at Kiki on the River. “It was easy to dress up and dress down,” said Turner. “I could wear it to the beach, to brunch and on the boat.” It also helped Turner spotlight her hard-earned fitness results — and flaunt them all over social media in waterproof white. She spent the last six months gearing up for her sun-swept Cinderella moment, including daily SoulCycle spin classes, weight training to tone her abs and a largely plant-based diet that emphasized anti-inflammatory foods such as salmon and avocado. “I put it on and felt like a princess,” said Turner, who posed for photos on a yacht rental. She plans to rewear the look on her honeymoon in Greece and Italy this month. A growing number of young women are tossing out chaste wedding attire as if it was a wilted bouquet on the dance floor. “Since 2022 started, we’ve seen an uptick in sales of white swim,” Kelsey Lyle, a swimsuit buyer for Moda Operandi, told The Post. “From the bachelorette party to the honeymoon wardrobe, swimwear is now a large part of her bridal trousseau.” The rise of the destination wedding is also fueling the trend. According to wedding website the Knot’s most recent “Real Weddings” study, one in five couples hosted a destination wedding last year — double the number in 2020. To meet the growing demand of wedding wear suited to white sand beaches, La Chenille Bridal, a ready-to-wear bridal swimwear company, debuted in April with suits specifically designed for beach weddings, bachelorette parties and honeymoons. The splashy line is priced from $600 to $1,490. It also tends to be a bit more demure than the white string bikini favored by “Baywatch” bombshell Pamela Anderson, who wore one when she wed Tommy Lee in Cancun in 1995 and again on a St. Tropez yacht to Kid Rock in 2006. Julia Cavaletto, 23, plans to wear a dazzling, sequined one-piece with a plunging scoop back and matching beaded maxi dress this summer at her bachelorette party in Scottsdale, Ariz. Like Turner, she plans to reprise the combo again this fall for her honeymoon along the Amalfi Coast. “Since my wedding dress is simple and elegant, I wanted a different bridal piece that was more bold and fun,” said Cavaletto, who works in education and spent $1,490 on her La Chenille look. Some stylists say the bridal swimsuit trend is here to stay — for richer, or for poorer. “Everything is forever on the internet and forever on Instagram. It’s wedding content. It’s the influencers,” celebrity stylist Amanda Sanders told The Post. “[Brides are] spending $100,000 on a wedding. What’s $10,000 to $20,000 on a wedding wardrobe?”