Mayor Eric Adams lashed out at prosecutors and judges Monday for cutting loose suspected shooters to unleash more gunfire on the Big Apple’s streets — saying the “bad guys no longer take them seriously.” The clearly frustrated mayor also fumed that soft-on-crime policies were turning the city’s criminal justice system into “a laughingstock of our entire country.” During a news conference with NYPD officials in Brooklyn, Adams praised cops for being “laser-focused on the shooters” and making arrests but demanded that “the other team must do their part.” “The courts have to prosecute. Judges have to make sure they stay in,” he said. “Everyone has to do their part. If not, they go out and come back.” Adams, a former NYPD captain, added, “And you know what’s interesting? You do a profile, the picture that’s emerging after the shooting, after the arrest, after being let go — You know what they do? They go do another shooting.” “People no longer believe that you can’t do a shooting in the city,” he fumed. “No one takes criminal justice seriously anymore. These bad guys no longer take them seriously. They believe our criminal justice system is a laughingstock of our entire country.” Adams added: “We have to get serious about this ’cause innocent people are dying.” The mayor also blamed Democrats in Albany for failing to amend the state’s bail law and impose a “dangerousness” standard to lockup defendants pre-trial who’ve previously been convicted of serious or violent crimes. “We made some victories in Albany around public safety. We would have liked to receive more, like the dangerousness standard that’s so important,” he said. “I’m hoping that they can examine that in the next legislative cycle because we have to close some of those loopholes that are dealing with public safety.” And he blamed some unnamed pols for being out of touch with regular New Yorkers. “Sometimes I just feel with some lawmakers that they’re just not dealing in the reality. Idealism can’t displace realism,” he complained. He continued: “I’ve had lawmakers say to me that young people are carrying guns because they feel unsafe and so, it should be understandable that they’re carrying guns. No! No! It’s not understandable. And so, if that’s the philosophy up there, I heard a lawmaker say that ‘if you, if you want to deal with the Rikers issue, just let anybody out.’ I mean, what is the reality here? That is not what New Yorkers want. And so, we’re hoping that they listen to what we have been saying to make our city the safe city that we deserve.” Hizzoner’s remarks came amid ongoing anger at Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg and the controversial “Day One” policies he announced after taking office in January. The embattled DA later walked back some of the measures, including by declaring, “The default in gun cases is a felony prosecution.” But everyday New Yorkers continue to blast his lenient approach to law enforcement, with one crime victim recently telling The Post that she’s “beyond outraged” and “very disgusted.”