Thanks to a host of seriously talented chefs, restaurateurs, sommeliers and other hospitality pros, the Hamptons dining scene looks more promising than ever this season — it’s time to start making your must-eat list. From freshly conceived concepts to handsomely reimagined staples, these hot spots are ready to see and be seen this summer. Enjoy a chilled glass (or two) of rosé while listening to a rotating set of DJs spin into the sunset at this boho-chic, day-to-night lounge overlooking Gardiner’s Bay. Pop in for an impromptu drink or nosh: Mediterranean cuisine includes raw-bar bites, crudités, Asado-style barbeque and meze spreads. You can also reserve seats in advance with an associated minimum spend. EHP Resort & Marina is adding another eatery to its Mediterranean-inspired compound following the opening of Sí Sí last year. Nestled on the edge of Three Mile Harbor, this dining destination celebrates the well-lived, free-spirited life of the endless summer, with a convivial atmosphere and family-style menu of plates like shrimp scampi and mussels cazuela, served with coconut broth, leeks and chorizo. Unbeatable waterfront views and refreshing cocktails round out this summer’s must-see slice of paradiso. The team behind Sí Sí and the aforementioned Sunset Harbor is taking over Southampton’s Red Bar space, reimagining it as a French-inspired bistro set in an airy glass-enclosed space with an adjacent outdoor patio. The restaurant — French for “enchanted to meet you” — will take its cue from the romantic midcentury design found in Parisian brasseries and seaside eateries along the South of France. Expect classics like escargot, niçoise and roquette salads, and a selection of frites. PJ Calapa, the busy chef-partner of NYC’s Scampi and The Spaniard, is taking charge of the iconic Main Street location together with investor and Resy co-founder Ben Leventhal. The revamped restaurant will boast a menu of traditional Italian dishes and pizza classics, including pork ravioli, clam pizza and a zesty chicken piccata. (Low-carb dieters beware.) For al fresco meals at home, grab one of the restaurant’s tasty family-style meals to go. Chef Carlo Mirarchi and Brandon Hoy’s Bushwick staple is making its way out East, retaining much of the hipster vibe and Italian flavor its legion of fans have come to depend on. Located within walking distance of the last stop on the LIRR’s Montauk line, the 5,400-square-foot former Arbor space will seat close to 165. Expect at least a half-dozen pizzas — including Mirarchi’s signature pie with Little Neck clams and Calabrian chili — baked-to-order wood-fired bread, house-made stracciatella and pastas adorned with local seafood. Following an extensive renovation, the historic Shelter Island hotel will reopen this month in celebration of its 150th anniversary. The one-time meeting hall and celebrity-packed inn will now boast three new concepts run by Chef Noah Schwartz (Noah’s in Greenport): the New Asian-inspired Weakfish Sushi & Noodles, Heights Cafe & Wine Bar (serving coffee by day and cocktails by night) and The Tavern, an indoor/outdoor farm-to-table restaurant highlighting Schwartz’s signature smash burger, steaks and homemade pasta dishes alongside a deluxe raw bar and classic American cocktail program. Former Salt and Inlet Seafood chef Andrew Doran will helm the kitchen at the historic Scandi-style hotel, where he’ll showcase the signature coastal cuisine for which he’s known. Featuring a premium raw bar, a seafood “catch of the day” and shareable starters and mains, Doran’s menu will make ample use of local ingredients and exceptionally fresh seafood from around the world. Fanciful craft cocktails, a carefully curated wine list and a Champagne and caviar selection make this stylish restaurant an instant classic. The Southold staple is programming an eclectic mix of music and events this summer including crave-able bites from local food trucks, live music and local oysters and — hold your breath — ax throwing. All activities pair well with the vineyard’s hand-crafted, small-batch wines. This retro-style mobile bar will offer a customizable menu of high-quality draft beer (along with wine, Champagne and cider if requested), making it a fun and totally unexpected addition to your next backyard or beach party. New York nightlife impresario Omar Hernandez is setting up shop in Southampton’s Capri hotel with this European beach-chic pop-up fusing global flavors, craft cocktails and high-energy beats from resident DJ and electric violinist Bud Cahill. Executive Chef Jeremy Blutstein (Surf Lodge, Crow’s Nest) and managing partner-sommelier Vanessa Price are set to bring this surf-and-turf restaurant to Montauk next month. Overlooking Fort Pond, Mavericks will feature a menu of seasonal ingredients sourced regionally — with breathtaking sunset views to match. Don’t even think about forgoing drinks, which come courtesy of Jarhn Blutstein’s inventive cocktails and Price’s playful wine list of rosés and other varietals from around the world. Lee Brian Schrager is the founder and director of the Food Network & CookingChannel South Beach and New York City Wine & Food Festivals.