A sharp knife is safer than a dull one, but how often are your sharp knives getting dull? If you find yourself struggling through a tomato after just a few weeks of use, you might need to find some higher-quality knives. When you get a new set of cooking knives, quality is king. You want a knife that will last, even if you have to pay a little more for it. This Seido Japanese Master Chef Knife Set (8 Pieces with Gift Box) is one of the best deals you’ll find on the web given what you’re getting. These eight fantastic knives are made from high-carbon stainless steel, and they’re on sale for $140.  Good-quality knives don’t have to be expensive, but if you’re looking for the cheapest blade you can find, you might be going about this wrong. What you really want is the best value for your money, and that’s what this set gets you. This set of eight features eight beautifully balanced blades that will make prep work in the kitchen a pleasure. What you get with this set is a chef knife, a slicing knife, a bread knife, a cleaver, two Santoki knives, a boning knife, and a paring knife. A lot of knife sets get by saying they’re a huge set of blades when more than half of them are the same bland steak knives, and you rarely need all of them. With this set, every knife has a purpose and their unique designs support it. Between the eight-inch chef knife, the eight-inch slicing knife, and the seven-inch cleaver, you’ve got your general-purpose cutting, your precision slicing, and butchering covered. Throw in the boning knife and you’ve got even more flexibility for the meat you process. That’s a huge chunk of what you do in the kitchen. Between the Santoku knives and the paring knife, you’ve got even more flexibility for delicate cuts of meat, precise knife work with fruits and veggies, and more. All of this comes in a gorgeous gift box that doubles as secure storage for your knives when they aren’t working. “Great knives for the price… Heavy blade and great looking damascus pattern on the blades,” writes one verified reviewer, and they didn’t even mention that the forging helps prevent food sticking to the blade. Give yourself a set of knives that are a cut above the rest with one of the best prices for the value you can find. For a limited time, get the Seido Japanese Master Chef Knife Set (8 Pieces with Gift Box) on sale for $139.99 (Reg. $429). Prices subject to change.