Unlike the Driver’s World Championship, it appears that we may be on our way to crowning a new constructor champion this Formula 1 season. Following an extensive period of Mercedes dominance, it’s red Bull Racing that leads the way in the team category through the early part of the season. Led by team principal Christian Horner, Red Bull has a 36-point lead over chasers Ferrari through the first seven races of the season. Next up is Mercedes, which has accumulated only 134 points through seven grand prix’s — 101 points behind leaders Red Bull — before a big drop-off to McLaren (59 points). As it stands, here are the current futures odds to win the Constructor’s Championship entering this weekend’s Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Odds come courtesy of BetMGM and are reflective at the time of writing. For me, there are a lot of parallels between the way I handicap the Driver’s and Constructor’s Championship races. Will Red Bull – led by driver’s championship front-runner Max Verstappen – win the Constructors? Probably. But I’m not about to lay -135 with three-quarters of races still to go in the event Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz gets on teammate Charles Leclerc’s level and starts producing points at a more rapid rate. For that reason, the only way to approach this futures market – if you’re insisting on making a bet at this moment in time – is to bet Ferrari in plus-money and hope you get the same chance with Red Bull further down the road. Moving further down the board, I do think there could be a chance to hop in on Mercedes,  just not today. In the event Mercedes wins a race (or two) within the next four or five races, it could become a live contender in the Constructor’s race. The key there – and I can’t believe I’m about to say this – is that lead Mercedes driver and seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton has to produce more consistent results. Through seven races thus far, Hamilton has produced only two top-four finishes and four top-six outputs. Hamilton’s teammate – George Russell – has established himself as a remarkably consistent driver this season. In his first season with the Silver Arrows, Russell has yet to finish worse than P5 and owns three finishes of P4 or better. If Hamilton can re-discover his championship form and Russell can continue to be as reliable as he currently is, Mercedes could be worth a few bucks at a steep price.