Mayor Eric Adams has appointed a “gun violence czar” to tackle a scourge of Big Apple shootings that is only expected to worsen as the summer heat approaches, a high-ranking police official told The Post on Thursday. Adams tapped Andre T. Mitchell — the founder of Brooklyn anti-violence group Man Up!, which has previously come under scrutiny from city investigators — for the role. The New York Times on Wednesday first reported that Mitchell will serve in the position, which is sometimes named “gun violence prevention chair” and will reportedly not be paid in that role. “We’re going to be focusing on precision prevention, really trying our darndest to get through to the people who may even consider acting out,” Mitchell told the Times. A rep for the mayor would not confirm the new volunteer position or Mitchell’s appointment, instead sending The Post a lengthy statement touting Adams’ gun violence prevention efforts since taking office in January. “Like so many cities across the nation, New York City is facing a gun violence epidemic, and like many of these cities, the sea of gun violence in our city does not have a single point of origin. It flows from many rivers, each contributing to the problem. Mayor Adams has been focused on damming these many rivers, concentrating efforts on intervention and prevention,” said spokesman Fabien Levy. “We will continue to roll out programs in the days, weeks, and months ahead to remove guns from our streets, protect our communities, and create a safe, prosperous, and just city for all New Yorkers.” In 2019, the city Department of Investigation found that Mitchell’s mentoring and community outreach group — which received millions of dollars in city contracts — had significant financial irregularities. As nonprofit news outlet The City reported at the time, investigators discovered that Mitchell allegedly used money from the group for personal use and gave jobs to family members. During the previous two years, over $15,000 from credit card and delivery sales raised by an East New York coffee shop run by the group ended up in Mitchell’s personal bank account, they reported. According to the June 2019 DOI memo, Man Up!’s payroll included Mitchell’s daughter as a $65,000-a-year “director of administration” and his son as a $30,000-a-year “program instructor.” The mayor will make the announcement at 12:30 p.m. outside City Hall, according to a source and Adams’ public schedule. The announcement comes after a bloody Memorial Day weekend in which 23 people were shot across the city, authorities said. During a recent TV interview, Adams said he was “concerned” about an increase in crime during the typically bloody warmer months. “The summer months are difficult months, and we are concerned about them, because you want to win January, February, [and] March,” he told “PIX on Politics” in April.