It was family, not “money.” Dustin Johnson was asked the $125 million question at his Saudi-backed LIV Tour press conference on Tuesday morning. After confirming that he resigned from the PGA Tour and currently would be ineligible for the Ryder Cup, the two-time major champ was asked: “There are plenty of people on social media and even here who said you chose money over country. What would be your reply to that?” “I chose what’s best for me and my family,” said Johnson, who recently married Paulina Gretzky. The couple has two children together. Johnson reportedly received $125 million to leave the PGA Tour for LIV, which has its inaugural event this week outside of London. Johnson, 37, was the headlining name in the field that was announced a week ago. Phil Mickelson’s agreement, reportedly worth $200 million, was first reported by The Post’s Mark Cannizzaro on Monday. When pressed on money being the overriding factor in his decision, Johnson said that this new tour — and the pay day — that came with it gives him greater flexibility in his personal life. “I’ve done well on the PGA Tour, very thankful for what they’ve given me too. I don’t want to play golf for the rest of my life, as I probably would’ve had to do,” Johnson said. “This is something new. I like to do a lot of other things besides golf. I get to spend a lot more time with my family and doing the things I love to do.” Johnson’s decision was met with some backlash. One of his top sponsors, RBC (Royal Bank of Canada), dropped him and he was also criticized for February comments in which he claimed he was “fully committed” to the PGA Tour. “I think a lot over the past few months (has changed),” Johnson said. “I was committed to playing the PGA Tour. I am very thankful for the PGA Tour and everything that it’s done for me… This is something exciting, something new. I think this is great for the game of golf.” Sergio Garcia, Charl Schwartzel, Louis Oosthuizen and Branden Grace also resigned from the PGA Tour on Monday night. The PGA Tour has threatened suspension and even bans for players who made the controversial switch. Mickelson told Sports Illustrated he has not officially resigned from the PGA. “It’s hard to speak on what the consequences will be, but for now I’ve resigned my membership from the tour and I am going to play here. That’s the plan,” Johnson said. Johnson said he plans to play in the majors, which make their decisions separate from the PGA Tour. The U.S. Open tees up next week at Brookline, Mass. and Mickelson also said he plans to play in the event. The USGA confirmed on Tuesday that golfers on the LIV Tour would be allowed to compete in the event. Johnson said he hopes the rules will change in regards to the Ryder Cup. “It was (a factor), but hopefully all things are subject to change,” Johnson said. “Hopefully, at some point it’ll change and we’ll be able to participate. If it doesn’t, it was another thing that I really had to think long and hard about. Ultimately, I decided to come do this. “I am excited about it. Obviously, the Ryder Cup is something that meant a lot to me and I am proud to have represented my country. Hopefully, I’ll get a chance to do that again, but I don’t make my own rules.”