A Louisiana real estate agent was sentenced to 30 years in prison for fatally beating a 60-year-old man during a drunken, racially charged attack in New Orleans, prosecutors said. Garrett J. Ward, 30, was convicted in May of manslaughter in the January 2018 brutal attack that led to the death of Arnold Jackson 12 days later. Witnesses testified during his six-day trial last month that Ward, who is white, made “several racial slurs” toward the black victim, District Attorney Jason Williams said. “As district attorney, I am committed to holding violent offenders accountable,” Williams said in a statement to The Post. “In this case, the lack of humanity and respect shown by the defendant as he viciously attacked the victim, Mr. Jackson — a 60-year-old black man — was reprehensible.” Williams said he promised Jackson’s relatives he would get justice in the fatal beating, adding that Monday’s sentencing fulfilled that pledge. A coroner determined Jackson, who suffered a broken jaw and severe bleeding to his brain, died of blunt force injuries following the attack outside the Pontchartrain Hotel, NOLA.com reported. Prosecutors accused an intoxicated Ward of attacking Jackson after he had an altercation with his significant other at a bar. The real estate agent’s defense attorneys insisted he awoke from a drunken stupor and found Jackson armed with a knife while reaching for the cellphone in his pocket, the outlet reported. A jury rejected Ward’s claim of self-defense after six hours of deliberation. He had faced up to 40 years behind bars. One of Ward’s attorneys said he now plans to file a motion to appeal the sentence later this week. “We were hoping to receive a sentence that was toward the lower end of the zero to 40-year guideline,” attorney Andrew Bevinetto told NOLA.com. “Not only are we upset with the sentence, but we believe it is excessive, given the facts around this case in particular.” Jackson’s daughter, meanwhile, insisted in a statement last month “justice was served” with Ward’s manslaughter conviction. “These past four years have been very hard on me,” Kenyada Schnyder said. “Outside of being present for every single court date, I missed out on special moments with my father like him walking me down the aisle at my wedding and celebrating his birthday or Father’s Day.”