Taco Bell’s newest dish will have food lovers cutting the cheese. The fast-food chain is unleashing two fresh menu items that are full of crunchy Cheez-It goodness. The chain revealed on Tuesday that they teamed up with the snack brand to create a gigantic version of the cracker to top off for the new Big Cheez-It Tostada and stuff inside the Big Cheez-It Crunchwrap Supreme. For the Tostada, a larger-than-life Cheez-It is 16 times bigger than the normal standard size. Ground beef, sour cream, tomatoes, lettuce and cheddar cheese top the cracker, which will sell for $2.49 each. The meal is described as an “abundantly cheesy and nostalgic, yet magically modern, dining experience,” according to a press release. For the Crunchwrap Supreme, a massive Cheez-It takes the place of the tostada shell inside the tortilla. Ingredients including ground beef, nacho cheese sauce, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream are layered inside the sandwich. Taco Bell fans can grab the dish for $4.29. However, eaters are going to have to travel a long way to get their hands on the food. Both items are only available at restaurants in Irvine, California, for the time being. The store is testing out the products before making them more widely available. “There are few things that everyone can agree on… but the iconic flavors from Taco Bell menu items and Cheez-It snacks appeal to all,” said Liz Matthews, Taco Bell’s chief food innovation officer, in the release. “We’re thrilled about this new concept with Cheez-It, which gives our fans the chance to experience the real cheese and crunch they love from both of our brands in a whole new way.” Social media feedback, meanwhile, was split. One fan saluted Taco Bell, writing, “You beautiful bastard. You’ve done it again…,” while another “yes” man offered, “Does that look good? No. Will I try it? Yes.” On the other side of the cheesy coin, one complainer weighed in that the new Cheez-It line “IN NO WAY makes up for the Mexican Pizza shortage,” while another pondered, “Will it taste like heartburn?” Still one more naysayer suggested that the person who invented the products was less than clear-headed, noting, “There’s no way someone came up with this stone cold sober.”