It was a tough night for Warriors big man Draymond Green in Wednesday’s 116-100 Game 3 loss to the Celtics. After fouling out of the game with just two points in 35 minutes, Green was asked about whether or not he’s “conscious” of what he says on his podcast and the possibility that he’s giving the Celtics intel on the Warriors gameplan. “Are you conscious at all of what you’re saying about the X’s and O’s of the gameplans, the adjustments, could be making their way back to Boston staffers and influencing their decision-making at all?” Bleacher Report’s Jake Fischer asked after the game. “No, I don’t see much difference on the podcast than I say to you right here, so nah,” Green said, before challenging the reporter. “What’s the X’s and O’s that I said on the podcast?” Fischer specifically brought up how Green discussed covering Derrick White, Marcus Smart and Al Horford differently between the first two games of the NBA Finals on his podcast on Monday. That’s when Green accused the reporter of “reaching” and began laughing. “Oh that’s just contested shots. If that’s X’s and O’s then… you’re reaching for something,” said Green. “It’s all good though. Keep going. Reaching heavy. When you find that they are taking X’s and O’s away from your podcast. The only thing you said was White, Smart and Horford, hmm. You went for it. Respect. Appreciate the podcast promo you gave me. ‘The Draymond Green Show,’ the next time just mention it that way.” Green, whose young son was sitting beside him at the press conference, had already expressed his frustration with his play in Game 3 — saying he played “like s–t” and was “soft.” Green fouled out with four minutes remaining. He finished with two points, three assists, four rebounds, a block and two turnovers. The Warriors were outscored by 13 points when Green was on the floor. The three-time NBA champion was under a microscope heading into Game 3, after a chippy Game 2 when the Warriors beat the Celtics 107-88. Game 4 is Friday night in Boston.