ANAHEIM, Calif. — The Mets are still deciding when David Peterson will pitch again, but the left-hander remains part of the team’s rotation plans, pitching coach Jeremy Hefner said. Tylor Megill’s return from the injured list means team officials must decide whether Peterson or Trevor Williams will get squeezed from the rotation. For now, the starting job still belongs to Peterson, who replaced Megill in the fourth inning Friday and pitched 2 ²/₃ innings, allowing one run. “I thought [Peterson] pitched well in a kind of new situation for him,” manager Buck Showalter said before the Mets’ 11-6 loss to the Angels Saturday night. Williams, meanwhile, has largely held his own as a rotation fill-in. The right-hander has pitched to a 1.32 ERA over his last three starts, encompassing 13 ²/₃ innings. Hefner said it’s still under consideration whether Peterson will start next weekend — the next time the Mets will need the fifth starter — or slot in beforehand to give extra rest to another starter. The Mets have Monday off, which will provide them with flexibility. Megill pitched 3 ¹/₃ innings Friday and allowed two runs against the Angels in his return from right biceps inflammation, which forced him top miss a month. “Tylor will only get better,” Showalter said. “He wasn’t bad at all. Little by little, it’s a process. He got a good process out of the way [Friday].” Starling Marte was absent from the starting lineup for a third straight game, Saturday night against the Angels. The veteran outfielder, departed the game Tuesday with left quadriceps discomfort, tested the quad in pregame drills Saturday and told The Post he expected to return to the lineup. The final call, however, belonged to Showalter and the team’s medical staff. Mike Trout returned to the Angels’ lineup and was 3-for-4 with two homers Saturday after he was removed from a game earlier in the week with groin discomfort. Showalter was asked what makes the All-Star outfielder so special. “Probably the contact to damage — the ball does special things off his bat,” Showalter said. “Everybody has a way to try to pitch him, but to be able to get it there three times is really hard to do and he doesn’t miss many mistakes.” The Mets placed reliever Colin Holderman on the injured list with a right shoulder impingement. Jake Reed was recalled from Triple-A Syracuse.