Joe Biden inadvertently financed his son Hunter’s dalliances with a Russia-linked escort ring, according to a report Monday. President Biden wired his 52-year-old son $100,000 to help him pay bills from December 2018 through January 2019, the Washington Examiner reported, citing records from a laptop Hunter Biden left behind at a computer repair shop in Delaware. Hunter Biden, meanwhile, had spent more than $30,000 on sex workers between November 2018 and March 2019, records show — including many linked to Russia-based email addresses and connected to an “exclusive model agency” called UberGFE, the outlet reported. Joe Biden wired Hunter $5,000 while his son was “actively engaged” with one escort and was also convinced to send another $20,000 to pay for his stay at a New York drug rehabilitation program that never came to fruition, according to the report. In a series of reports in October 2020, The Post first detailed the business dealings of President Biden’s younger son in Ukraine and China based on documents and data found in the laptop. Hunter Biden is now under federal investigation for possible tax fraud stemming from his overseas business dealings and House Republicans want his longtime partner Eric Schwerin to turn over documents they believe link the president to those relationships. There’s no indication in the cellphone backup messages, contained on the laptop The Post first revealed, and unearthed now by the Examiner, that Joe Biden knew some of the money he sent his son was going to be spent on sex workers. In one February 2019 message to a woman named Eva, Hunter Biden told the point of contact at UberGFE that his accounts were temporarily frozen since trying to pay her workers with Russian email accounts was “too much of a red flag” for his bank. Eva referred to Hunter using his first name, Robert, in the text message, photos show. She also asked him to send the funds by wire, “like [he] did it before,” the message shows. “Send me Julia and I will give her the cash,” Hunter replied, a screenshot shows. “Ok,” Eva responded. In another instance, Joe Biden wired Hunter $5,000 less than three hours before he filmed a dispute with an escort regarding a $10,000 payment at a cottage in Boston, the Washington Examiner reported. Eva told Hunter Biden in January 2019 that the total charge for 16 hours with an escort would be $9,500 while directing him to wire the funds to a bank account linked to a woman with a Russian email address. Less than 90 minutes later, Hunter Biden got an email informing him that “Joseph R. Biden Jr.” had sent him $5,000 through Cash App. Joe Biden’s assistant at the time, Richard Ruffner, also texted Hunter to say the amount was the most allowed since the “weekly limit is $7,500,” according to the report. Joe Biden later texted Hunter to check if the funds went through, but he didn’t get a response that evening, text messages show. Hunter Biden appeared to dispute the payment amount in text messages to Eva and sent her video of himself having a conversation with the escort, asking if he had ever hurt her, according to the report. “Have I ever ever ever been anything … but respectful?” Hunter Biden asked. Hunter Biden at the time claimed he was so broke, he couldn’t afford to rent a pair of skis in a text message to his sister-in-law-turned-lover, Hallie Biden, just one day before filming the video with the sex worker, according to the report. In all, Hunter Biden doled out more than $30,000 to Russian escorts linked to Eva and UberGFE between November 2018 and March 2019, records show. Hunter Biden also searched online for “dc Russian escorts” and visited the UberGFE website to look for sex workers in Boston using his iPhone XS, a copy of his abandoned laptop shows. Joe Biden has said he was not involved in any of Hunter’s businesses, but Republicans point out that Schwerin visited the White House and other official venues 27 times during the Obama administration when Biden was vice president. Eva had to chase Hunter Biden for payment for escort services for six weeks. She ultimately directed him to wire funds to a bank account linked to women with “distinctly Eastern European names,” according to the report. Attorneys for Hunter Biden and the White House did not respond to requests for comment, as well as reps from UberGFE, the Washington Examiner reported. “We can all sympathize with Biden’s love for his troubled son while recognizing that he was shoveling prodigious sums of money to Hunter Biden when the neon lights were flashing that Hunter was compromised and using the money to become ever more compromised — and with Russia, of all places,” former federal prosecutor Andy McCarthy told the outlet. McCarthy continued: “Joe Biden is a textbook example of why applicants with family members who maintain shady ties with foreign actors, particularly those connected to authoritarian anti-American regimes with highly capable intelligence services, get rejected when applying for a security clearance.”