Republican US Rep. Nicole Malliotakis bucked her party to vote in favor of four Democratic gun-control measures to show support for the NYPD — even while opposing the overall package of legislation that narrowly passed the House, she told The Post on Thursday. “I represent New York City and I’ve always pledged to work with my local law enforcement and to give them the resources to do their job to keep us safe,” Malliotakis (R-Staten Island, Brooklyn) said. “In this job, you’re damned if you do, damned if you don’t. And I do what I think is right for my district and my law enforcement.” Malliotakis joined small handfuls of Republicans to cross party lines Wednesday and support bills to raise the age for buying semiautomatic rifles from 18 to 21, ban bump stocks, require that “ghost guns” be traceable and create new criminal statutes against gun trafficking and third-party, “straw” purchases of firearms. She also voted for a measure that received wide, bipartisan support and would require the attorney general to submit annual reports on the number of background checks that blocked people from legally acquiring guns. But the freshman member of Congress opposed two other bills that would prohibit possession of large-capacity magazines and require the “safe storage” of firearms in homes where children could get to them. Malliotakis also voted against the entire package of legislation, dubbed the “Protecting Our Kids Act,” which passed the narrowly divided House by a mostly party-line vote of  223-204, following its introduction in response to recent mass shootings in Buffalo and Uvalde, Texas. It’s expected to fail in the Senate due to widespread GOP opposition. Mallotakis derided the omnibus bill as an example of the type of legislation that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-California) “all too often” brings to the floor so Democrats “can run TV ads against” the GOP. But she said she decided to  support various elements of the plan after speaking with “gun owners and law enforcement.” She also noted that “New York law is already going to reflect this” following Gov. Kathy Hochul’s signing of new gun-control measures earlier this week. “I think the bottom line is there needs to be a balance between what the left is saying and what the right is saying,” she said. “This is so serious an issue where we do need to work together and come up with real solutions.”