You take the good with the bad — or not. Singles on social media are getting honest about the dating pool, revealing the sort of concessions they’re willing to make so they’ll find a decent man. The “he’s a 10” trend on TikTok sees users rating hypothetical partners for their relationship viability, before and after taking into consideration a major pro or con that merits a reassessment of the original score. The goal is to weigh an imaginary someone’s superficial attractiveness against their red flags — and to reveal what, if any, nuisance could bring their appeal all the way down to zero. On the flipside, the prompt also considers what positive aspects could boost a middling score to the top-tier. Most in on the trend post videos in which they rate the appearance of someone on a scale from one to 10, then juxtapose it with an obscure — presumably unlikeable — trait, such as being a Scorpio or bragging about writing Marvel fan fiction. Followers have come up with increasingly annoying traits in efforts to take the fictional romantic prospect from hottie to absolute-nottie. “He’s a 10 BUT HE TAKES F- -KING AGES TO REPLY,” wrote one Twitter user in a post that has garnered nearly 40,000 likes since June 19. Responders have since thoroughly assessed the scenario, slashing the refreshed score — that is, in absence of the person having a good excuse. “Still a 10 if he’s out hustling,” commented one follower. But another countered, “girl that makes him a 0 cuz he ain’t worth your precious time BYE.” The formula works both ways, as some have shown. “The Bachelor” alum Serena Pitt thinks a man with a lake house is an instant 12, even if he initially scored a four. Other examples of green flags she included were dressing well — enough to bump someone from an eight or 10 — good communications skills, and even nice bedding. “Ok, he’s a nine, but he has a picture of a fish in his Hinge profile,” Pitt presented to two friends in a TikTok video that’s racked up more than 338,000 views. Without hesitation, each responded “two” and “one.” Beware: Some characteristics will earn an instant zero. For one woman, a man who is a 10 but “never flossed in his life” is a deal-breaker. Another felt that any 10 who posts a selfie to social media is a no-go. Sperry, the popular brand of boat shoes, was a non-starter for even the hottest dudes, according to one woman — so men might do well to start scrolling through the #hesa10 hashtag just to be safe. Despite the trend’s focus on the male specimen, women are being targeted, too — though it may take a lot more than typical bad habits to sway the male gaze, according to one dude on TikTok, whose unfailing 10s got one million views on the platform. “She’s a 10, but she’s got a little mustache on her face,” he said. “Oh my god,” a male friend responded with a look of disgust, then answering definitively in a serious tone: “10. It’s a 10.”