An Emerson College poll released Monday shows Gov. Kathy Hochul and Rep. Lee Zeldin  with hefty leads in their respective primaries for governor ahead of the June 28 election. The new survey comes just hours ahead of the first televised debate between the four Republican candidates for governor, which will be broadcast by CBS2 at 7 p.m. Monday night. Just over a third of “very likely” GOP voters are supporting Zeldin (R-Long Island) compared to 16% for former Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino, 15% for businessman Harry Wilson and 13% for former White House aide Andrew Giuliani. “Zeldin’s support in the primary is strongest among suburban voters whereas Giuliani is strongest with city voters with 25% support. Among rural voters, Zeldin leads with 29% followed by Wilson with 23%,” Spencer Kimball, executive director of Emerson College Polling, said in a press release. The poll is the latest to show Zeldin, who has the official backing of the state Republican Party, with a hefty lead over his opponents though a May Zogby poll showed him trailing Giuliani by single digits. The GOP race, however, still appears up in the air with early voting beginning June 18. Hochul has a 40-point lead over Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-Nassau) – who has support from 17% of Democratic respondents to the poll compared to Public Advocate Jumaane Williams, who had 6%. She has led every poll of the primary campaign while raising a huge war chest compared to Suozzi and Williams, who narrowly lost the 2018 Democratic primary for lieutenant governor against her. “While Hochul holds a majority support among all voters over 30, the Governor’s support is weakest among 18-29 year old Democratic primary voters: 29% plan to support her in the primary,” Kimball said in the press release. Her job approval rating among Democratic primary voters is 59% and just 16% among their GOP counterparts, according to the poll. The poll – which had a margin of error of +/- 4.3% also found big majorities of both parties rate gun violence as the top issue in the campaign.