Do you love watching cooking videos on TikTok and YouTube for hours? Do you find yourself sifting through Pinterest on the hunt for the perfect recipe for Saturday game night? Have you gotten so many celebrity cookbooks you lost count? If this sounds like you, and you still aren’t satisfied, we have news for you — Blue Apron is all about supporting your amateur chef endeavors. The well-known meal delivery kit company doesn’t just make cooking that much easier by shipping all of the premium ingredients you’ll need straight to your door; it encourages you to try out new and exciting recipes that you might not try otherwise. Whether you’re a recent retiree, a new empty nester, or in your 20s working 9-to-5, Blue Apron is a cost-effective, fun, easy way to cook for any foodie looking to branch out in the kitchen. No matter how experienced a chef you may be, Blue Apron also gives subscribers the chance to add new skills to their repast repertoire. The best part? You can try dozens of different cuisines without leaving your home or going to multiple stores to gather those hard-to-find ingredients you might never use again. Do you want to cook Italian, Vietnamese, and Indian all in the same week? You can, with Blue Apron. While the Blue Apron menu is constantly changing, some memorable meals that Blue Apron offers include: Not only do these gourmet meals sound downright delicious, but in addition to flavorful recipes, Blue Apron also puts thoughtfully sourced, fresh, premium ingredients at the forefront of their company. Plus, many of these meals are customizable, too. You can swap proteins, pair food with wine, and more. The brand also has a variety of two and four serving plans for many different diets: Signature (a mix of meat, fish and veggie options), Vegetarian (featuring options with Beyond Meat proteins), Wellness (lower calorie/healthy meals and WW carb-conscious recipes). Blue Apron also has a Family Friendly plan (four servings), Chef Favorites recipes and Fast & Easy meals. Chef Favorites are top recipes chosen from the brand’s Test Kitchen Chefs. These dishes are not just excellent; they’re exquisite, bringing something extraordinary to your home cooking experience. Fast & Easy meals are designed to be ready in 30 minutes and include Heat & Eat Meals, which are pre-made meals ready in 5 minutes or less. Blue Apron’s prices depend on the number of people you’re feeding, but your next meal could be as inexpensive as $3 thanks to the brand’s Father’s Day sale — $145 off six orders and free shipping on your entire first order. For a no-pressure and fun cooking experience that gives you the opportunity to experiment in the kitchen and create intricate meals, Blue Apron is worth a try. If you’re still not sold, check out our standalone review on Blue Apron meal delivery kits here. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.