A historic and swanky Southampton estate that was originally built around 1750 has hit the market for $7 million, The Post has learned. Fully reconstructed in 2016, the Greek-revival style home was first built by Captain George White — a whaling ship captain who became an important figure in the community’s local history. He was also a gold prospector and famed ocean rescuer. “Captain George White did well during the 1849 gold rush in California,” Tom Edmonds, Executive Director of Southampton History Museum told The Post. “He came home, built this addition and got married. White went on to successfully develop the Southampton Coal and Produce Company.” The home, known as known as “The Captain George White House,” spans 6,450 square feet and boasts four levels of living space with 7 bedrooms and eight bathrooms. Comprised of two sections — the west (rear) wing, which was built by white around 1750 and the east wing, which was added in the 1850s. The original structure was reimagined and reconstructed in 2016 to keep up with the times. “There are no primary documents that mention the exact date the home was constructed but I’ve a fairly informed opinion,” Edmonds explained. “The west (rear) wing is the original house built about 1750. The east facing (front) wing is from the 1850s.” “There was another update to the building about 1910, when the north wing, porch and the south-facing bay window were added. A huge barn located near the new garage was torn down by his grandson about 1930.” Located at 159 Main Street, in town with easy access to shops and restaurants, White purchased the home from the Jagger family, who were the original owners and among the first settlers of Southampton. The main level features a two-story eat-in chef’s kitchen (part of the original 1750 section of the house), a parlor and library (both with fireplaces). On the second level is en suite bedroom as well as two guest rooms with hall bathroom. The third level has a full floor suite with bathroom and closet. On the lower level is media room, wine cellar, gym, billiard room, sauna, and an additional en-suite bedroom as well as another bedroom and full bathroom. To complete the estate is an additional 900-square-foot pool house with a kitchen, changing room, full bathroom and loft area. Situated on nearly an acre, outdoor amenities include a heated pool and spa, outdoor shower, detached three-car garage and a separate artist studio. “Captain George White was an important figure in Southampton history. He fought the courts for 10 years to keep Southampton’s beaches open to the public,” Edmonds added. “Why? Beaches were the best transport for produce during the late 19th century. Dirt roads were unreliable.” Mary Slattery with the Corcoran Group holds the listing.