The rambunctious hosts of “The View” have had their share of controversy and scandals in the past year — and what better way to unwind from all the drama than with a $14,000 per night luxury vacation? Celebrating 25 years of the show, Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar, Sara Haines, Sunny Hostin and recurring guest Ana Navarro are currently staying at Baha Mar in Nassau, Bahamas, with alum Sherri Shepherd even dropping in. The women have been recording their show from their luxury stay. The resort is made up of three hotels: Rosewood, Grand Hyatt and SLS. According to The Sun, the Rosewood is the most expensive hotel of the three with the oceanside six-bedroom villa setting customers back $14,358 a night. The three-bedroom penthouse suite costs $12,358 a night and a one-bedroom ocean-view suite runs $2,577 per night. On Monday’s episode, the ladies revealed they have taken advantage of all the amenities the resort has to offer, which includes cocktails at Manor Bar in Rosewood and some gambling at Hyatt casino. Meanwhile, Haines, 44, and Hostin, 53, hit the waterparks, as they were seen on the show engaging in competitive activities. Photos also show the ladies hitting the resort pools. The resort additionally comes with a colossal 15-acre water park, a five-star spa, several restaurants and excursion options. Their lavish getaway comes on the heels of several scandals that have plagued the women. In February, Goldberg, 66, was suspended from the ABC network after controversial comments relating to the Holocaust. The next month, Behar, 79, suffered a dramatic fall, face-planting in front of the audience. Meanwhile, the show has been struggling to find a conservative voice after Abby Huntsman, Meghan McCain, and Jedediah Bila left in recent years due to conflict with the other left-wing hosts. Despite the much-needed paradise getaway, the hosts faced backlash for touting their stay at Baha Mar. “Awwww. How nice. Those who are struggling to put food on their tables and gas in their cars can see a vacation spot firsthand on TV,” one user wrote on social media. “Good for them. Money wasted in a time where things are tight. But you all have a great time there,” another said. “Great visual. Living it up in the Bahamas while the average Joe [and] Jane can’t afford to fill up their car with gas,” one person added.