Return to nature — with all the amenities of luxe living. Outdoor lodging company AutoCamp has opened its second East Coast location in the Catskills. The hospitality brand — which also has locations in or in-the-works at Joshua Tree, Yosemite, Zion, Cape Cod and California’s Russian River — promises patrons a “boutique hotel experience” in “America’s greatest landscapes” on its website. The Catskills have long been on AutoCamp’s list, alongside some of the nation’s most beloved National Parks, of places it wanted to set up shop. “There are some locations that just feel inevitable to us and Catskills has always been one of them due to the region’s consistently thriving cultural and outdoor scene,” said AutoCamp founder and CEO Neil Dipaola in a press release. The trendy glamping business’ newest address is set on 37 acres in West Saugerties, New York and features 65 Airstream trailers, 10 cabins and 10 “BaseCamps,” AutoCamp’s official term for an Airstream paired with a luxury tent. Getting back to the land has never been so bougie: All of the dwellings are equipped with HVAC systems for all seasons, and the facility also boasts a (not yet open) combination hot tub plunge pool, multiple event spaces (“ideal for corporate meetings, weddings or family reunions”) plus, of course, close proximity to the Catskills natural offerings (“lush forests, craggy mountains, blue swimming holes, sunny meadows”). The plush campsites are centered around a barn-inspired main clubhouse, which offers an indoor fire pit, lounge, reception area, bar and coffee service. A covered porch extends along the back of the building. Elsewhere on the property a general store offers local food and beverage options. “The clubhouse marries two distinct aesthetics — the simple barn-like forms of local agrarian architecture and a modern, industrial vibe that feels unique to the area,” Andrew Kotchen, founding principal of Workshop/APD — the firm which handled the location’s architecture and design — told The Post. “Inside, the space is energetic and layered, with bright, eclectic furnishings offsetting rustic post-and beam interiors that open seamlessly to the stunning site.” As far as scheduled entertainment, press materials promise periodic happy hours, tap takeovers by local breweries, live music in the clubhouse, yoga and guided meditation classes. The rate for a one-night stay begins at $129.