A “furious” Prince Harry will likely want “an apology” amid reports he was royally snubbed by Queen Elizabeth II and company at last week’s Platinum Jubilee, according to self-proclaimed royal expert Angela Levin. “I think he would have been very, very upset that he was largely ignored,” the noted Prince Harry and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall biographer told the Sun. “He still feels he’s owed an apology.” Offering her hot take on “self-destructive” Harry’s demeanor at the Service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul’s Cathedral last Friday, the royal analyst said: “The thing that really stood out for me on that day was Harry’s anger — he wears his emotions on his face and he looked absolutely furious.” The outspoken Levin — who reportedly spent a year with Harry, 37, while writing his biography — was addressing the international photo controversy that emerged when he and wife Meghan Markle, 40, introduced daughter and namesake Lilibet, 1, to Elizabeth for the first time last Wednesday, after jetting to the UK to partake in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Multiple outlets claimed that the couple were denied a request to have a photographer take photos of the 96-year-old monarch and their daughter — with one anonymous source claiming they were told, “No chance. It was a private family event,” the Sun originally reported. That same birdie also claimed Elizabeth’s minders were worried that Harry and Markle would leak the photos to US television networks. Queen Elizabeth’s communications secretary declined requests for comment about the conflicting reports surrounding “private” meetings. However, an insider with knowledge of the situation told The Post the reports are bunk: “They just enjoyed a private and intimate visit with the Queen,” the source said, adding that Harry and Markle didn’t even bother asking for photos as the 96-year-old monarch wasn’t feeling well. Page Six reported that the power couple also did not spend any private time with his brother, Prince William, and wife Kate Middleton during their brief Jubilee visit. Meanwhile, William’s family reportedly declined an invitation from Harry and Meghan to attend Lilibet’s first birthday party. On Thursday, the pair were rumored to be barred from appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside Elizabeth, Prince Charles and other senior members of the royal family. After the couple was booed as they appeared at a Jubilee event at St. Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, they flew out of the UK on Sunday, before the celebrations had even wrapped up. However, sources told The Post this wasn’t a royal snub — Harry and Markle had always intended to attend just two events and leave. Still, Levin claimed that Prince Harry was likely beside himself after getting the alleged royal cold shoulder. “I think it’s quite interesting really — he could have been feeling lots of things,” Levin theorized, adding that Prince Harry might “regret what he has lost” after famously stepping down from his royal role in 2020. “I don’t know whether he had a wave of feeling at what he had given up,” said the monarchy expert, who theorized that the Duke of Sussex will nonetheless demand an apology from the senior royals. However, Levin, for one, said she believes that Harry is “the one who should apologize.” “He said during the Oprah interview that Charles and William were trapped, he said he’d been cut off by his father,” she said referencing last year’s bombshell “tell-all,” in which the Sussexes trashed the royal family in a sit-down with Oprah Winfrey. “You can’t just go around being rude about people and expecting them to open their hearts to you again.” Levin also blamed Prince Harry after senior royals allegedly declined to attend Lilibet’s birthday party, claiming that the prince had merely forgotten to check his older brother’s schedule to see if he was free. “Allegedly, they asked Kate and William and the children to the party,” the royal muckraker claimed. “However, they didn’t take the trouble of finding out [if] the Cambridges would be in Wales on the morning, and coming back to get ready for the Jubilee concert in the afternoon, so they couldn’t go.” Harry has reportedly been estranged from his brother ever since the Sussexes’ aforementioned royal-bashing Oprah appearance. Regardless of Prince Harry’s feelings on the matter, Levin believes that the apparent royal brush-off will adversely affect the streaming career of the Sussexes, who signed on for a multimillion-dollar deal with Netflix in 2020 after moving to the US. Most recently, the streaming platform had green-lit the runaway Sussexes’ much-hyped “at-home” docuseries in May. “I heard Netflix wanted these pictures of them with the royals,” Levin said during a recent appearance on conservative talk show “GB News.” “Because they would have sold it. It would be very valuable, very valuable to them.” She continued, “They would have used it [the photo] for Netflix. It would give them a kudos that they had her with her great-grandmother.”