Calling all book lovers! The owner of the popular, independent McNally Jackson bookstore, which has expanded throughout New York City, is selling her Manhattan pad for $1.75 million. Pegged as a “bibliophile’s dream,” the two-bedroom, one-bathroom co-op corner unit is designed with a magnificent wall of bookshelves that will make you feel like you’re in your very own McNally Jackson shop. The prewar apartment in Greenwich Village is in a very quiet area for optimal serenity. Features include 9-foot beamed ceilings, original inlaid white oak floor, three exposures, rooftop views and a wood-burning fireplace. Situated on a tree-lined brownstone street and in a boutique, doorman building the sixth-floor unit has been updated to include a new kitchen with marble counters and a renovated bathroom lined with marble. The property, at 35 W. Ninth St., was built in 1926 and converted to a co-op in 1984. Building amenities include a part-time doorman, live-in super, large storage, bike storage and a private garden, according to the listing. Sarah McNally opened the first bookstore in 2004 in Nolita. She has expanded to open three more stores in Brooklyn, including her most recent location in downtown Brooklyn, which opened in 2020. McNally has been credited with being a key player in the city’s indie bookstore resurgence. “Ninth Street has been heaven for me, and I love my neighbors in the building,” McNally, 46, told The Post. “It’s such a refuge, and I loved feeling like I was literally part of the city that I love. It was like a storybook, a sweet quiet home in the middle of the city, fireplace burning all winter long.” McNally purchased the home in 2016 for $1.63 million. But she added that she is hoping to give her son, Jasper Jackson, and their dog, Chief, a more suburban lifestyle in Brooklyn and is waiting for construction to be complete on a property there. “I bought a derelict Brooklyn townhouse years ago. I bought it for my dog when she was still a puppy. Renovating the house took forever,” she said. “I thought it would be a fast construction, as I’ve built six stores quickly. Not so. “Everything that could go wrong did go wrong,” McNally added. “But the house is finally almost ready!” Karen Talbott, Kyle Talbott and Scott Sternberg of the Corcoran Group hold the listing.