SAN DIEGO — Losing a game was much easier for the Mets to digest Tuesday than watching two key players leave injured. Pete Alonso departed in the second inning of the Mets’ 7-0 loss to the Padres after getting hit in the right hand by a pitch. The Mets said initial X-rays were negative and Alonso was to receive further testing. Later in the inning, Starling Marte departed with left quadriceps tightness. The outfielder was expected to receive imaging. Buck Showalter was asked if in a best-case scenario he would imagine both players back within a couple of days. “I love your optimism, but I don’t share it at this point,” Showalter said. The Mets played the final seven innings with catcher Tomas Nido as the only bench player, but Showalter said general manager Billy Eppler was making contingency plans to ensure the team’s competitiveness for Wednesday’s series finale. “I don’t think ‘bind’ is a word I would use,” Showalter said. “It may appear that way, but I look at it as somebody else’s time to shine as we have all year. The front office has been ahead of the game keeping us equipped to compete, and we’ll continue to do that.” Though the Mets have been smacked with injuries to the rotation — losing Jacob deGrom, Max Scherzer and Tylor Megill — their lineup casualties have been limited to James McCann’s wrist surgery last month that likely will keep the catcher sidelined through the end of June. Yu Darvish dominated on this night, as the Mets snapped a three-game winning streak and fell to 3-3 on the West Coast trip. The veteran right-hander took a no-hitter into the sixth, but with two outs in the inning Mark Canha stroked a single to left. Darvish finished with a two-hitter over seven shutout innings. Eduardo Escobar, a night after hitting for the cycle, delivered the only other hit against Darvish, a double in the seventh inning. Darvish plunked three of the first five batters he faced, including Brandon Nimmo leading off the game. Alonso, who leads MLB with 54 RBIs this season, was hit in the right hand by a 96-mph fastball while attempting to check his swing leading off the second. The ensuing batter, Jeff McNeil, also got plunked. The three hit-by-pitches increased the Mets’ MLB lead to 40 this season. The Mets’ hurts began in the first inning when Marte was slow leaving the field after getting nailed at second base as part of a strikeout/throw-out to end the frame. Marte spoke to Showalter and the team trainer, but emerged to play defense for the bottom of the inning. After the Mets batted in the second, Marte was removed from the game. “It just didn’t get better,” Showalter said. “He thought initially it might be a cramp, but when he went out on the field it didn’t get any better. He’s a tough guy. … Hopefully we can get lucky with both of them, we’ll see.” Taijuan Walker scuffled, allowing four earned runs on five hits and two walks over six innings. It marked only the second time this season the right-hander allowed more than three earned runs in a start. Jurickson Profar homered leading off the game for the Padres. The blast was only the third allowed this season by Walker, who hadn’t allowed one over his previous five starts. The Padres built a 4-0 lead in the second inning. Trent Grisham delivered an RBI single before Jake Chenoworth singled in two additional runs. Walker faced eight batters in the inning, which began with consecutive singles by Eric Hosmer and Nomar Mazara. “I think I just left a couple of pitches up,” Walker said. “I got runners on and they hit some balls through the hole and after that I just settled down.” In the seventh it turned into a runaway as Colin Holderman, in his first rough outing for the Mets, allowed three earned runs on one hit and three walks over one-third of an inning. Austin Nola, Profar and Croneworth walked in succession to begin the inning before Manny Machado delivered a two-run single. Former Yankee Luke Voit’s sacrifice fly brought in the final run.