A British woman has been left terrified after a “creepy” cab driver reportedly tracked her down on social media and asked her out on a date — three months after giving her a ride home. Miniver Larman, 25, said she rode in the man’s taxi from the train station to her house in Oxford, England, on March 5 and enjoyed a pleasant chat with him on the 15-minute journey. The marketing assistant didn’t think anything further of the ride until she claimed she received an unexpected message from the man on Facebook this past weekend. “Hey! So since we had a lovely little chat in my taxi following your London Theatre trip, your name has pretty much stuck in my head,” the message she shared read. “Hope you don’t mind me messaging, I’m wondering if you might like to go for a beverage sometime … In fact, there is really cool stuff going on in Southampton this weekend.” Larman — who booked the taxi ride on an app — told Kennedy News and Media that she was disturbed by the message. “How has this person not realized how creepy it is? I started to feel unsafe about it because he dropped me off at my house. I think it’s really unprofessional and puts women in a really dangerous position.” She added: “You’ve trusted them with your address and you’ve trusted them to take you home safely and also, as a woman, it shouldn’t be that if you are kind to someone that means you’re coming onto them.” Larman said she used her full name to book the ride on the taxi app and believes the cab driver saved her name from there. She told Kennedy News that she complained to the company before an employee responded saying the situation would be looked into by a manager. “I feel like he should at least be disciplined, like at least a month or two where he can’t drive a taxi service,” the marketing assistant declared. “If he’s done this to me there’s a big likelihood that he’s done this to other women or that he doesn’t realize that it’s not okay to do.” Larman subsequently tweeted about her uncomfortable experience with the taxi driver alongside a screenshot of his message, saying: “Literally the creepiest thing. Please do NOT do this.” According to Kennedy News, most replies to the tweet were sympathetic and agreed that the driver acted inappropriately. “They should sack him really. Hope you’re okay,” one wrote. “So grim, intrusive, and creepy,” another chimed in. “Sorry you went through that.” However, not everybody agreed with Larman taking to Twitter to air her concern, claiming the complaint could cost the cab driver his career. “Bit much, the lad could lose his job,” one chided. Larman says the experience has put her off from using the taxi app, as well as any other app that requires her to give her full name. “I used to like that an app felt more secure because I had all of their details and stuff,” Larman explained. “But now I’m like maybe it’s better to use a normal taxi service because then they won’t who I am.”