People have been known to live in Penn Station, but they are generally the ones who don’t have a home. But now the derelict district is getting a luxruy residential makeover. Governor of New York, Kathy Hochul, recently put out a recent RFP as part of a $7 billion revamp of the area, including new residential developments, more pedestrian-friendly spaces and scrubbing the decrepit old Penn Station of its funk (Febreze won’t cut it). One property that’s helping to remake the Penn Station District is 300 W. 30th St., a 16-story, 69-unit new construction condo that is hitting the market right after Independence Day. The building will be the largest — by unit count — to hit the market in this price segment. Designed by Workshop/APD, the building is a stone’s throw from Penn Station, right next to the Farley Post Office, soon to be Facebook’s new imprint. If snow or rain or heat or the gloom of night keep you from getting out of dodge and back to your cushy suburban home by way of the Long Island Railroad, 300 West offers a pied-à-terre option as well. Residences start at $915,000 for a 519-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment. For $2.38 million you’ll get a 939-square-foot two-bedroom, two-bath penthouse with a 700-square-foot private terrace. That’s a few hundred per square foot less than the average of $2,500 per square foot in the city over the past year. The design is focused on “minimalist Mondrian interiors” with Zen inspiration, with “high-end hotel” features including fluted wood and concrete, smoked mirrors and brushed brass. Amenities at 300 West include a gym, residence lounge and co-working space with privacy rooms and a reservable dining room and catering kitchenette for private events. Outdoor space includes a courtyard with seating and lounge areas, a kitchen with a grill and fire pit and an open-air terrace on the 12th floor, designed with natural materials as inspiration by architecture firm Supermass Studio. “It seems our first buyers at 300 W. 30th St., the governor and leaders in tech, restaurants, and real estate can all agree on one thing: The Penn District is New York’s next big neighborhood,” said John Felicetti, vice president of Corcoran New Development, which is handling sales and marketing for the development. “Anyone would love to live in a condominium that feels like a boutique hotel, and this one is in an area full of bold public and private investment. That’s very appealing for a purchaser.” “Appealing” and “Penn Station” are two terms that never would have gone together before. But then again, if there’s anything we’ve learned about New York (and its inhabitants) is its remarkable ability to reinvent itself in the most unexpected ways.