It’s that time of year when all we can think about is the coveted Nordstrom Anniversary Sale and Amazon Prime Day. As far as the New York Post Shopping team is concerned, we’re a hub for all the best deals on everything you have on your wishlist — from outdoor patio furniture to mattresses. The retailer is hosting early deals you can shop for now to celebrate the advent of Amazon Prime Day (which will take place on Tuesday, July 12 and Thursday, July 13). We’re especially excited about one of Amazon’s most significant sales: save up to 55% off on Amazon devices. That’s right — your favorites from Echo, Fire TV, Kindle, Ring, Halo, eero and more. So, if you’re on a wild goose chase to find some of the best smart home devices (including streaming devices), you’ve come to the right place. Right now is the time to buy them, after all. Not only do you have a wealthy selection of some of Amazon’s best-sellers at your disposal, but Amazon is also offering a bonus deal: from June 21 to July 8, you’ll receive a $20 shopping credit to Amazon.com by downloading the Amazon Photos app (which is free for Prime members) and uploading one or more photos. This credit is exclusively for new Amazon Photos users and can be redeemed on Prime Day. Ahead, shop the best deals on Amazon devices. We already have some of these time-saving, modern and easy-to-use items in our carts. Coveted for its ability to bring video calls into a full-picture view, shuffle your favorite Spotify playlists and pull up Pinterest recipes, Amazon’s Echo Show 5 is a must-buy while it’s on sale. For just $50, your kitchen, bedroom or living room will be more modern in a flash. Amazon also has a specially designed Echo Show 5 for Kids. The difference? It has built-in parental controls to set bedtimes and video-time limits, filter content and review activity. Plus, it comes in handy for helping with homework and asking Alexa to play kid-friendly videos. If it isn’t for Amazon’s renowned Fire TV Stick for bringing ultra-efficient streaming into our homes. For just $20, you’ll be able to stream all your favorites on Disney+, Prime Video and more (side note: we have it in our homes and can’t imagine our TVs without it). For less than $300, this best-selling Amazon Fire Smart TV is worth the snag ahead of Prime Day. It’s slim, an ideal size for any room and can stream more than 1 million movies and shows — all by asking Alexa (wink, wink). Similarly, Amazon’s Omni Series is just as buzzworthy. Its 4K Ultra HD helps bring pictures to your screen that seem more crisp and clear than ever and even has built-in privacy protections and controls that give an upgraded touch to your traditional flat screen. At least for us, we’ve been reading the hottest summer books Amazon has to offer. You can do so too on Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite, a must-buy for any beach trip or R&R session on your pool lounge chair. Plus, it’s a gift any bookworm will be glad to receive. Behold: we found the hidden gem in Amazon’s closet (a massive closet, at that): the Glow. Ideal for kid-friendly video-calling and entertainment, it’s basically a built-in phone for them to easily navigate. Oh, and the included activities projection mat is something everyone will love interacting with. Though we’re no longer in the era of New Year’s fitness resolutions, we still love staying in shape with at-home rowing machines and modern treadmills. To help you stay on track with your health goals, Amazon’s Halo Band is a minimalistic smart band that can track your sleep and calorie levels and currently, it’s wonderfully less than its original price of $100. As one of our favorite home security brands, Ring offers a next-level bundle to bring safety to the forefront of your humble abode. It’s easy to install, pairs perfectly with the Ring app and has an intuitive keypad with emergency buttons to serve as the modern Prime pick-up you need. We recently reviewed Amazon’s Luna Gaming Controller, and, we must say, it’s super fun to use. Unlocked with your Prime membership, the exclusive Prime Gaming Channel features a catalog of free and paid-for games that kids and adults alike will love. It’s that old-school N64 joystick, but with a modern twist. Amazon’s eero Pro 6E WiFi Router is one of the retailer’s newest launches, helping to support hassle-free speediness to your work desk. It provides coverage up to 2,000 square feet — spanning over 100 connected devices — and has built-in TrueMesh technology to reduce WiFi drop-offs and dead spots intelligently. It’s pretty amazing, TBH. Also on sale ahead of Prime Day is Insignia’s 24-inch HD Smart Fire TV. Much like the Amazon namesake brand TVs, it includes an Alexa-compatible voice remote to access all of your favorites, from YouTube Premium to “Stranger Things.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.