When expecting your bundle of joy (the definition of this emoji: ), it’s easy to emerge yourself in the world of playpens, pack-and-plays and pull-ups. Yet soon enough, you’re assembling your new outdoor patio furniture, adding the best sunscreens to your shopping cart (along with a quality moisturizer with SPF) and then you’re thinking, “wait, do I even have a maternity swimsuit?” Luckily, we prepared an edit of the 20 best maternity swimsuits for you to shop that includes options for every style preference and budget — picks that are seamless, comfortable and on-trend (no frumpy looks here, if we do say so ourselves). So, it’s time to bump up your maternity swimsuit game to celebrate every stage of pregnancy. Not to mention, you’re 100% golden when you pair these looks with a resort-ready cover-up. Some of our picks are one-pieces, others are bikinis and we tossed in a good amount of swimwear under $35 for good measure. Plus, some of the most adored swim-ready styles offer UPF-fledged sun protection, much like traditional UPF tops and bottoms. Click to visit some of our favorite brands for maternity swimsuits: Amazon, Andie, Macy’s, Nordstrom, PinkBlush, Seraphine, SHEIN, Target, Walmart We’re head over heels for this precious two-piece ruffled-top and floral-bottomed number that’s less than $40 on Amazon. From its deep mauve hue to the nautical-minded navy, it’s the perfect way to sunbathe and swim. Plus, it’s made of comfortable and stretchy material and comes in a multitude of other prints. As an Amazon’s Choice item, EastElegant’s One-Piece Halter Maternity Bikini is a hot take on the classic one-piece swim uniform. Featuring v-neck, open-halter straps and ruching at the bust, it’s one you’ll want to pick up in more than one shade. Stop searching: we found the printed, one-shoulder one-piece of your dreams. The teal and pink feather print is show-stopping (and bump-flattering, to say the least) and we love the cascading ruffles down the straps. Plus, there’s a secondary skinny spaghetti strap to offer more support. Andie has wonderful swimwear that, per its slogan, is “made for every woman in mind” — including pregnant and nursing women. Its classic one-piece is recommended for second-and third-trimester mothers-to-be, especially, namely for its full bottom coverage and extra support at the middle for your growing bump. Motherhood Maternity is one of the leading brands in maternity swimwear — and for a good reason. Not only are its patterns delightful but many have a square-neck, supportive top and UPF-protective design. This $60 two-piece is post-bump-friendly, too. We’re ready to set sail with Kindred Bravely’s One-Piece Maternity/Nursing Swimsuit. For less than $100, it has that sweet, seersucker-like print, subtle wrap detail and a ruffled bust to keep you feeling confident and comfortable all summer long. We’re absolutely besotted with PinkBlush’s Waist-Tie Maternity One-Piece Swimsuit. If the striking lavender color doesn’t sell you, its modest, supportive and bow-tie fit will. For less than $50 right now, it’s a steal. Seraphine’s Supportive Maternity Swimming Costume is a full-bodied piece that’s super supportive at the bust, while offering comfortable, wear-all-day support in the middle. The thin waist belt is a nice touch, along with the bra-like top that’ll make you feel your best. Sometimes, you just want the stretchy material to keep you and your baby tucked in and ready to take on hot summer days (and, understandably so). SHEIN’s new Maternity Floral Smocked Frill-Trim Bikini Swimsuit is one of the most affordable maternity swimsuits we found — and with a vibrant, fun floral pattern that won’t cause funky tan lines (thanks, bandeau!) Keep things sweet and seamless with Motherhood Maternity’s Beach Bump Two-Piece Tankini Swimsuit. Impressively, it offers head-to-toe support, much ado to its thick straps and lightweight design. Oh, and it’s on sale right now — so perfect to buy ASAP. Meet the maternity swimwear option Blake Lively would likely sport: ToyFunny’s Two-Piece Maternity Swimsuit Skirt Dress. We can’t believe the budget-friendly price for this seemingly high-end fit, and it’s your perfect swim essential and cover-up in one. We’re all about the prints, so it’s no surprise Ziola’s Two-Piece Wrap-Front Maternity Swimsuit made the cut. Its allover speckled pattern is one to turn heads, aside from the suit featuring a triangular faux-wrapped bust, removable cups to offer versatility in all stages of pregnancy and ruched sides for a flattering twist. It’s not summertime unless a lemon-printed swimsuit is in your closet, right? We love Tempotrek’s One-Piece Bowknot Maternity Monokini for its modest yet flattering fit, with subtle crossover detail and the cutest bow we’ve seen. For less than $35, we recommend it fully (along with its other colors and prints). Adorable to carry your bump and even after, Summer Mae’s High-Waist Ruffled Maternity Bikini is one we can’t resist, especially for the on-trend snakeskin pattern that’ll look great on any skin tone. Plus, it’s unbelievably supportive (and ready for your next Instagram photoshoot). The striking red and sea-blue combo is tough to beat, so that’s why Motherhood Maternity’s Printed Bikini is an all-around great option to buy for the season. It’s fairly priced, has a rather supportive high-waist bottom and will be comfy for long days of swimming. Keep things seamless and stylish with Pez D’Or’s Maternity Swimsuit. Its blue and white pattern instantly takes us to the lake or ocean, and we love the tie-back halter straps all the same. Paired with your favorite oversized sunglasses, it’s a summertime-ready look. It’s your favorite one-piece swimsuit — but with a twist. The subtle cut-out detailing reminds us of the top cut-out dresses we rounded up for summer, so you’ll be covered and on-trend. Plus, the thin straps are lightweight yet supportive. Looking for a maternity swim top? PinkBlush’s Floral Strappy Top has you covered, clad in the most adorable floral print that you’ll want to sport all day (perhaps by reading the perfect summer book in your pool lounge chair). Not to mention, it’s less than $40 right now. Hello, cheetah! We can’t stop raving about PinkBlush’s Ruffle Maternity One-Piece Swimsuit, a style with a vast color selection and one that’s bound to turn heads. You’ll appreciate its soft, comfortable and stretchy material, too. Ring in the Fourth of July and Labor Day in style with Motherhood Maternity’s striped number. Its vertical print makes you appear taller, too, and it’s one of the most flattering options we found! Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.