The trade deadline is seven weeks away, so there’s still time to save it. A lot can happen between now and then to turn hopeful buyers into realistic sellers. Last year the Nationals and Cubs saved that day late with trades of Max Scherzer, Trea Turner, Kris Bryant, Anthony Rizzo and more. But for now, man does deadline day look like it will need another late boost or two. One exec named just seven teams as very likely sellers: A’s, Reds, Nats, Marlins, Tigers, Royals, Cubs. A half-dozen others may sell, including the Diamondbacks and Rockies, but very notably, the Red Sox — with several stars who are free agents after the year — can basically be ruled out as a seller now. Boston’s recent hot streak has taken a trio of major stars off the board as potential trade bait. Plus, the expanded playoffs give unexpected teams postseason hope, and are likely to remove many good or better players from trade consideration. Anyone who had their eye on the Red Sox stars who are free agents — including shortstop Xander Bogaerts, DH J.D. Martinez and starter Nate Eovaldi — will surely have to look elsewhere now that they streaked into the sixth playoff spot with excellent recent pitching (0.92 ERA over past eight starts). “We have looked a lot more like the team we thought we’d be the last month,” Red Sox chief baseball officer Chaim Bloom texted. “We have felt we could contend from day one.” Though that group of so-so squads behind Boston may look less than inspiring, for now they remain on the cusp of the race, and thus surely hopeful to be more buyer than seller. For instance, the Rangers, rewarded for wisely bringing back former top prospect Martin Perez (the surprise AL ERA leader), may wind up buying. Additionally, sources say the Marlins, though not a contender to date, have no plans to deal top starter Pablo Lopez. Miami has outstanding young pitching and aspirations for next year, and Lopez — who improved his game and is among the NL ERA leaders — isn’t a free agent until after 2024. 1 (last week 1). Frankie Montas, A’s, RP: Has an ace’s arm. 2 (7). Willson Contreras, Cubs, C: Could Giants or crosstown Chisox fit? 3 (5). Luis Castillo, Reds, SP: Big arm. Always on the block, it seems. 4 (NR). Andrew Benintendi, Royals, OF: Something going right in K.C. 5 (8). Trey Mancini, O’s, 1B: Heroic O dealing with expanded Camden. 6 (NR). David Robertson, Cubs, RP: Resurrected career. 7 (10). Josh Bell, Nationals, 1B: Posting a fine year. 8 (NR). Michael Fulmer, Tigers, RP: Relievers will be in demand. 9 (6). Tyler Mahle, Reds, SP: Back in form now (1.93 ERA over past three). 10 (NR). David Bednar, Pirates, RP: Having superb season closing games. Off the list: Bogaerts, Eovaldi, Marcus Stroman, Bryan Reynolds.