Her ship ’n‘ slide experience went straight to hell. A female cruise ship passenger was left high but not dry after getting trapped on the attraction’s massive waterslide overlooking the ocean. A video of her unorthodox stranding at sea currently boasts over 15 million views on TikTok. “WHEN THE LOOPING SLIDE FAILS!!” reads the caption to the clip, which was uploaded Saturday by travel agent @YMGTravels. The maritime mishap reportedly occurred on Norwegian’s Cruise Lines’ Ocean Loops slide, a closed-tube, double-loop ride that sends sliders plummeting from the top deck and shooting out over the sea before curving back to base like a watery roller coaster, the Independent reported. The clip starts off innocuously enough with the unnamed female rider sliding down the first two portions and up to the final turn. Unfortunately, the slider doesn’t seem to gain enough momentum to go through the corkscrew and plunges backward, whereupon she gets trapped in a transparent section of the attraction, suspended terrifyingly over the sea. The footage ends with the stranded rider seemingly trying to scoot back to the starting point while fellow passengers look on in shock. Viewers were horrified by the fiasco, which seemed to combine both claustrophobia and a fear of heights. “I’m having trouble breathing just watching this,” wrote one aghast gawker, while another commented, “Omg my biggest fears unlocked.” “Yo that is super scary i’m claustrophobic so that does not help,” said another, while one wrote, “My heart rate accelerated watching this. Stuck in a clear tube suspended over the ocean… NOPE!!!” Thankfully, she was able to exit the slide without intervention from emergency services. “The lady was not stuck in the waterslide for long,” the user behind YMG Travels’ TikTok account told Fox News. “There is a side door for the slide and she was out of it immediately.” The TikToker also said the turn of events was “so quick” and that “by the time I walked that way, she was out and ready to do the slide again.” It’s unclear on which vessel the mishap occurred. However, the hashtags suggest that it was the 1,094-foot Norwegian Encore ship, which also features the largest race track at sea and an Atlantis-themed laser tag course.