After two years of living through the ongoing COVID pandemic and working from home just as long — you’ve probably got your home office situated just the way you like it. Maybe you started working on your couch or bed, then graduated to the kitchen table and after a few months decided to finally invest in a budget-friendly desk (or, perhaps one of our favorite standing desks on Amazon). After a few more months of using that random foldable chair you found in the closet, you may have started researching an office chair that will get the job done (and, one that will match your office decor). You’ll quickly realize that there are tons of options on the market. In an effort to help you choose the perfect desk chair,, we rounded up 15 great options at a variety of different price points that you’ll love. Whether you’re looking for a high-scale ergonomic chair, a budget-friendly and trendy option or a leather office chair to elevate your workspace, there’s bound to be one pick worthy of your home office. Click to jump to a specific type of office chair: If you want a great ergonomic office chair but don’t want to break the bank, go for Amazon’s No. 1 best-seller. The Furmax Office Mesh Chair has more than 24,000 positive reviews and comes in 10 different colors including black, white, purple, pink and more. As an Amazon best-seller, the brand’s Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Chair just screams comfort. From its upholstered design to its durability (and padded armrests), it’s a one-of-a-kind seater to complete your home office. The Herman Miller Aeron Office Chair comes in four different finishes and can be fully customized regarding the glide, tilt and arms of the luxurious piece. This is another great option from Herman Miller that you can be fully involved in the coloring. The cushion comes in four colors including black, gray, navy and light blue. For those looking for a high-end option with neck support, consider the BDI TC-223 Task Chair. It comes in black and gray and has an upholstered headrest that’s adjustable and removable, plus the back has a breathable mesh and offers lumbar support. The Mainstays Vinyl and Mesh Task Office Chair is another great option under $50! It has more than 1,700 reviews on Walmart.com and is available in four different shades. In its leather grandeur, Amazon Basics has a quality upholstered chair made with none other than bonded leather (and, stain gold accents). It’s a regal-looking option that’s less than $200. It also comes in white and black, should either one match your office better. If you’re looking for a leather office chair to add some elevation to your home office, you won’t be disappointed in the Herman Miller Eames Management Chair. It features an adjustable 5-star base offered with a pneumatic seat-height adjustment, swivel mechanisms and casters for hard floors or carpet. The Willistone Forge Albaugh Executive Chair is another chic, faux leather pick you might like for your space. It’s ergonomic and comes in dark brown, light brown and gray. This La-Z-Boy leather office chair is bound to be comfortable. It comes standard with “comfort core” zoned technology for optimal firmness and lasting comfort. An advanced foam layering system is designed to offer deliberate, unique and zone-based support. From the brand that brings you ultra-soft mattresses is a lovely, marshmallow-soft desk chair. Serta clearly wants you to be comfortable, offering this spinster in a slew of fabric colors to choose from. Plus, for less than $250, it’s a quality steal. Apt2B sells a variety of high-end office chairs that are bound to meet your needs. This one is mobile and features trendy velvet material. If you need an office chair but don’t want to sacrifice style, this Knoll desk chair may be the perfect choice for you! It’s available in eight different colors including this burnt rose color. For a stylish chair that’s less than $100, go for the Foundstone Mila Task Chair from Wayfair. It’s perfect for your modern-styled home office and it features a five-spoke caster base. Plus, it has more than 3,000 positive reviews! The Schick Task Chair offers supreme comfort thanks to its ergonomic shape. It features a durable frame with soft filling, a gold finish metal five-pronged base and high-performance all-directional wheels that allow smooth movement across carpeting. It’s also height-adjustable to personally tailor your space. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.