The Islanders have five weeks to start proving general manager Lou Lamoriello right for standing pat at Monday’s trade deadline. They’re 1-for-1. The Isles started off what will be a long last leg of a season in which the games will hold meaning for few outside their own room with a 3-0 win over the Senators on Tuesday night. Though Cal Clutterbuck, one of two trade candidates who the Islanders committed to by giving contract extensions at the deadline, remained out of the lineup with an unspecified injury, the team continued a recent good run of form with a bounce-back victory. “We still believe in this group, in this team, what we’re capable of,” Anders Lee said. “I think it’s in that room. And whether it’s all the circumstances that have led to this point and put us in this position, you kind of hear us talk about the last few weeks — regardless of where we’re at, we’re building up this team as much as possible and working towards our final goal.” Following Tuesday, the Islanders are 27-25-9, a record that Lamoriello clearly sees as a result of external issues that derailed them early in the season more so than a fundamental flaw in the roster. Certainly, a 13-game road trip followed by a COVID-19 outbreak to start the season was not ideal. But Lamoriello’s belief will be tested — not just in the next five weeks, but next season, as the Islanders are more or less committed to bringing back a similar roster in 2022-23. Tuesday’s contest against the Senators, though, was about as far from the “final goal” to which Lee alluded as a game could have possibly felt — even with the win. The crowd at UBS Arena was sparse. The game lacked energy. If this was any indication, it is going to be a long end to the season. It took until the third period for anything of note to occur — the teams combined for 33 shots on net through the first 40 minutes and high-danger chances were few and far between. The Islanders and Senators alike had the look of teams with one eye on the calendar. “It wasn’t a pretty game,” Brock Nelson said. Added Casey Cizikas: “There wasn’t much going on in the first two periods.” Just how disinterested did the teams look? At one point in the third, as the Senators passed the puck across the blue line, it hit off the skate of an Ottawa defenseman, bouncing back down the ice. It felt something like a symbol of how the night was going. Ironically, the Islanders broke the deadlock a few minutes later, with Scott Mayfield cleaning up a rebound from Brock Nelson at 9:49 of the third. Anders Lee added an insurance goal at 17:25, cleaning up a loose puck in the crease, and Zach Parise made it three with an empty-netter in the final minute. It was Brock Nelson’s second career three-assist game. Mayfield’s first goal since Jan. 21 helped the Islanders walk away with a win, as did the first shutout of the year from Semyon Varlamov, who finished with 24 saves including a key stop on a first-period breakaway when the Islanders failed to realize a whistle hadn’t blown after a scrum broke out. Those facts, as well as two points, will make them happy. “I thought in the third, we just upped our game,” Islanders coach Barry Trotz said. “We just recognized that we can’t mess around through the neutral zone. Had to play a little quicker and be patient and we did.” Prior to the game, the Islanders spoke about their goals — finding some consistency, winning as many games as possible and proving that they can continue the success this group has had in the past. The more important test in each of those aspects won’t come until next season. But right now, the Islanders are 6-1-1 in their past eight games. And even if their play was uninspiring on Tuesday, that is a fact in which they can take some much-needed solace.