You may be familiar with the TikTok famous Dyson Airwrap. Or maybe you’ve heard of Dyson’s super popular vacuums. Whichever way you’ve come to know Dyson, there’s no denying that it’s a mogul brand that deserves recognition. After all, people don’t just faun over the brand for nothing. But Dyson is amping their offerings with the launch of their air-purifying headphones titled the Dyson Zone. The Dyson Zone will offer buyers with both pure air and pure audio revolutionizing the tech space for good. Though, there’s still a lot more to be discovered about Dyson’s latest launch, like what the headphones do, how they works, when they’re set to be released and more. Keep reading to find out everything you need to know. The Dyson Zone is the brand’s first ever take on a wearable purifier. It captures city pollution, gas, allergens and particle matter, all while cancelling unwanted noise and offering pure, high-fidelity audio. But this invention wasn’t born overnight. Instead, teams across the UK, Singapore, Malaysia and China came together alongside decades of research, six years of development and more than 500 prototypes to create this groundbreaking offering. One can only assume this is a response to the ongoing Coronavirus pandemic, but we have to remember quality air has been a vital necessity since years prior. In fact, the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that “9 in 10 people globally breathe air that exceeds WHO guideline pollutant limits,” according to the brand’s press release. Not only is there a need for clean air, but “more than 100 million people are exposed to long-term noise exposure above WHO guidance,” continued the release, making this launch all the more vital. While many may be eager to get their hands on the new Dyson Zone air-purifying headphones, they won’t be available until fall 2022. Once they are, people can score the new device online and in Dyson Demo Stores. For updates on full product specifications and further details on availability, sign up for updates here. If waiting until fall 2022 is too much to ask, then shop other Dyson favorites below. Trust us, they won’t disappoint. If you’re in the market for the famous Dyson Air Wrap, you can shop a coveted option on Amazon. It’s marked up to $930 while supplies last, but for many, the tool changed their hairstyling game for good and was well worth the investment. Sometimes — or most of the time —$930 just isn’t possible, so opt for this refurbished Airwrap stylers on the Dyson site instead. It’s priced at the same rate as the regular complete set and comes in the adorable pink color. You can also look forward to all of the attachments and the carrying case. If you’re looking for a killer blow dryer that protects hair from extreme heat damage, is fast drying and has controlled styling, you’re going to love the Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. Best of all, it increases smoothness by 75%, increases shine by up to 132% and decreases frizz and flyaways by up to 61%. Yes, Dyson makes the best vacuums too. The Dyson V8 Animal comes with a direct drive cleaner dead, mini motorized tool, mini soft dusting brush, crevice tool, combination tool, charger and docking station. Plus, it’s the best cordless vacuum we tested from Dyson. Don’t believe us? Check out the full review here. If you’re an owner of thick carpets, then the tried-and-true Dyson Ball Animal 2 Vacuum is the perfect cleaner for you. This model isn’t cordless but still comes with accessories to transform your power vac into a precise cleaning machine. Removing 99.97% of pollutants and allergens as small as 0.3 microns, the Dyson Pure Cool is unlike any other air purifier out there. The fan technology emits a stream of smooth, uninterrupted purified air and includes a cooling tower fan when you need it. In need of a heater on top of an air purifier? Well, lucky you, because this Dyson heater and fan multitasks to bring you superior warmth and clean air. Best of all, this is the only purifying heater designed and tested to do just this, according to the brand’s website. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.