She’s got beauty and a whole lot of brawn. A New Jersey gym junkie has gone viral on TikTok after she shared a video of herself deadlifting 425 pounds in front of a group of stunned men. Sherein Abdelhady, 25, posted the clip to the social media site last month, where it has racked up more than 30 million views as many say the clip exemplifies feminine power. “Deadlifting 425 pounds is cool,” Abdelhady captioned the video. “But seeing everyone’s reaction was cooler.” The clip shows the robust brunette lifting the weights to rapturous applause. It then cuts to footage of nine different men in the gym, each looking on in disbelief at Abdelhady’s incredible show of strength. The video inspired thousands of comments — many of which made fun of the men for being shown up by a musclebound beauty. “Those guys be contemplating their whole life,” wrote one viewer beneath the clip. “Girls are becoming stronger than guys. Get it!” another chimed in. Many described Abdelhardy as a “badass” and a “queen,” with the video giving her a whole new legion of admirers. Abdelhardy, a doctor of physical therapy, told Jam Press that she believes the video went viral because “it’s just not as common to see a female lifting that much weight every day at a commercial gym.” “My friend showed me the video she took from a different angle which showed all their reactions and we thought it was really funny,” she further explained of the clip. “We tried to guess what was going on through their heads through the different facial expressions. However, the gym junkie was in the zone at the time she was deadlifting and didn’t notice the reaction in real time. “I was really focused and didn’t realize anyone was watching other than my friends, who were all in front cheering me on,” she stated. “Regardless of whether the reactions were positive or negative, I promised myself a long time ago that I would never dull my spark,” Abdelhardy declared. “I’ll never stop doing what makes me happy just because of someone else’s opinions or doubts.”