Pete Davidson’s love life is out of this world and his zodiac sign holds the secret to his stellar success. Miguel de Cervantes believed, “The cleverest character in comedy is the clown, for he who would make people take him for a fool, must not be one.” Standing 6 foot 3 and confident in the knowledge that he who deals the jokes, holds the cards Davidson draws much of his material from his own life. With his deadpan delivery and pockets full of big d–k energy, he has distinguished himself as a clever clown come millennial sex symbol and would be astronaut. In an unprovoked and unabashed celebration of this Staten Island king we’re taking a look at his birth chart. Born November 16, 1993 Pete Davidson is a full send Scorpio with sun, Mercury, Venus and Pluto all in the zodiac sign of sex, shadows, faux leather and secret agendas. Being that current girlfriend Kim Kardashian’s family is a veritable mess of Scorpio energy, it tracks that she would feel quite at home and easily attuned to Davidson. Part of the arch of Scorpio actualization is transmuting trauma into the triumph of survival and in doing so, illuminating a path for others. For Davidson that path continues to be comedy, mining laughter from tragedy and levity from his darkest hours while using the platform of fame to increase public awareness and discourse about mental health. Davidson also takes transformation skin deep, famously tattooing his chest to disguise his self-harm scars and covering up old ink and memories of girlfriend’s past with new work. laughter getting tattoos Because our man’s birth time is unknown and the moon exited Sagittarius and moved into Capricorn  midday on his birthday, we can’t say with absolute certainty which sign his moon falls and thus what colors his instincts and emotional responses. Pressed to speculate, I would bet a stick and poke face tattoo and a vape pen that Pete’s got a swing for the fences, don’t let the bastards get you down, Sag moon. Happy to confirm with your mom and offer a free reading, my guy. Davidson’s sun in Scorpio squares his Saturn in Aquarius, an aspect that is by no means a walk in the park or a blunt in the basement. Saturn favors hard knocks and hard lesson, themes that emerged for Davidson at the tender age of seven when he lost his firefighter father in the terrorist attacks of September 11th. As astrologer Hiroki Niizato notes of sun square Saturn natives, “In most cases, the person with this aspect grows up without having the paternal support that they needed in order to develop a healthy sense of self (symbolized by the Sun). An absent, passive or problematic father figure creates a sense of insecurity, because how a father treats you is, symbolically speaking, how the world treats you.” Davidson hasn’t shied away from speaking publicly about how the loss of his father both devastated and shaped him and parts of his film “The King of Staten Island” were inspired by the elder Davidson’s death. Characteristically, and cathartically he leans on comedy to process and universalize this pain. He discussed the relationship between self-driving cars and growing up without a dad.  “My car hugs me,” he joked in a GQ interview. “The seats give me the hugs that I never got when I was little! When I make turns, the seat’s like, ‘I got you.’ And I’m like, ‘Finally, someone got me!’ Thank you, Mercedes. That should be their commercial: ‘Did you not have a father growing up? Drive around in circles with our new Mercedes-Benz, the car that hugs.'” The ultimate purpose of the sun square Saturn aspect is to teach natives self-reliance by consistently, often jarringly, reminding them that they, and only they, are responsible for their welfare, happiness, progress and unshakeable sense of self. Davidson has Mercury, planet of communication and mental processing in the vengeance as cardio sign of Scorpio. No one slings an insult, sharpens a barb or levels a mic drop quite like a Mercury in Scorpio native. These folks are not afraid to swing low, especially in defense of those they love. We have most recently seen Pete apply this power to the tragicomedy that is his ongoing battle with Kanye West. Case in point, when, in a text exchange West chastised Davidson for his use of foul language and questioned where he was, Davidson shot back with the biting truth, “In bed with your wife.” Sickest of burns, bro. Davidson also has Venus, planet of love and attachment in Scorpio, a placement that is, in a word, intense. Venus in Scorpio folk are more likely than most to tattoo their lovers name,  make them a hair doll or rush order an engagement. Unsurprisingly, Davidson shares this Venus placement with the king of poor impulse control, ladies and gentlemen, Tommy Lee. Scorpio is ruled by Pluto, planet of sex, death and regeneration. Fittingly, Venus in Scorpio native view love relationships as do or die, all or nothing, soul merging, blood letting experiments in intimacy and extremes. When asked by Tommy Dorffman for Paper about his primary love language, Davidson claimed the whole lexicon, “I do all that s**t! My love language, when I’m in a relationship, is I treat the person I’m with like a princess. I try and go as above and beyond as possible, because that’s what you’re supposed to do?” He continued, “If you’re in a relationship with someone, you’re just supposed to make that person feel as special as possible. But sometimes when you put so much on someone, it overwhelms them, and then they don’t know if they could come close to that.” Indeed, the intensity of attention dealt by Venus in Scorpio natives can be intoxicating or stifling depending on the attachment style of the beloved. In Kim Kardashian, who is no stranger to partners that exhibit intensity, preferences for grandiose romantic displays and mental illness, Pete’s affections have at last found a safe and receptive place to express themselves. As a sign, Scorpio is all about power and control and the darker leanings of this Venus placement are obsession, jealousy, resentment and spite, impulses Davidson seems very aware, and rightfully wary of, “No expectations. Otherwise you’re gonna be resentful. It’s something I had to learn in a past relationship, which sucked to learn through that person, but it makes you better. I used to get really upset that this person didn’t “match” my intensity or how much I show by actions, you know? I’m not really good at accepting just words…and this person was very word-heavy, so because of how insane I am, and how untrustworthy and scared I am, I couldn’t only take that.” Craving intimacy while constantly questioning a partner’s level of commitment are hallmarks of this Venus placement. Luckily for our boy, there’s a break in this heavy EMO weather because he has Mars, planet of action and sexuality in swashbuckling Sagittarius. Sag energy is adventurous, optimistic AF and at least partially explains Davidson’s whimsical approach to fashion and recent foray into space travel. Freedom forward it believes the best is yet to come, and bounces back better than ever from misfortune; bankruptcy, heartbreak, chlamydia and beyond. This ilk genuinely means well, regrets little and greets challenge as an agent of change. “When I’m doing standup and stuff, nothing I ever say is coming from a hateful place,” Davidson told Paper. “And you can’t know what’s funny until you try it, you know? But anything I’ve ever said on stage or made a joke about, I don’t regret it…Cause there are times I try things that I think are ridiculous and they work..I think that you need freedom.” On stage and in life Pete, may freedom find you, laughter follow you and your hot girlfriend stand beside you. We see you, we love you. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.