INDIANAPOLIS — There is no great rush to make a decision that appears headed in one direction without much wiggle room. “That’s a $22 million decision, so we’re gonna take our time,’’ Giants general manager Joe Schoen said Tuesday about Daniel Jones’ contract. It would cost the Giants $22 million — all of it guaranteed — to pick up the fifth-year option on Jones’ contract for 2023. There does not seem to be any logical reason for the Giants to do so. He is coming off a neck injury that cost him the final six games in 2021. He has shown some promising signs, yet is 12-25 as a starting quarterback. The much more likely scenario is to have the new regime — Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll — see what they can do with Jones as he plays on the final year of his four-year, $25.6 million rookie deal. If Jones is worth keeping, the Giants will either sign him to a multiyear extension or else secure him with the franchise tag. If the new brain trust does not see him as the franchise quarterback moving forward, they bid him adieu and find a replacement. “We’re going to bring in competition everywhere, but Daniel Jones is our starting quarterback right now,’’ Schoen said at the NFL Scouting Combine. The “right now’’ part should not be heard as ominous. The plan is for Jones to be the No. 1 quarterback this season, as long as his neck checks out and he is healthy. If this is the case, he will have the added pressure of playing for a new contract. “The thing with Daniel, you can get caught up, it’s tough not to, about ‘Hey, it’s the final year, are they gonna give him this,’ is just to go out there and put a system in place for him,’ ’’ Daboll said. “Let him play free and keep as many good guys as we can that he trusts and feels comfortable with throwing the ball to, protecting him. It’s not just DJ, right? It’s the whole offense.’’ Daboll said he will study the quarterbacks in the 2022 NFL Draft as he would any year and, in fact, he met with a few of them Monday night. This does not mean the Giants will use one of their premium picks on a quarterback. It does not discount them from doing this, either. “I haven’t done a ton of work on these guys yet, but I’m gonna,’’ Daboll said. With a new coaching staff in place, the Giants are allowed an extra minicamp this offseason. Players will be back in early April, well before the May 2 deadline to decide on Jones’ fifth-year option. So, there will be more information on Jones than there is now. All the information in the world will not make it likely that the Giants opt to invest $22 million in Jones for next season. “I know he’s got all the physical tools and he’s a great kid,’’ Schoen said. “Whatever ceiling he has, he’s gonna reach it if he can stay healthy. Because he’s got the work ethic, he’s a smart kid, and again, I’m looking forward to working with him.’’