Let’s be real, house cleaning sucks. Unless you’re shelling out hundreds of dollars a month to have your home professionally cleaned, you’re likely (hopefully!) doing the job yourself. If that’s the case, we have one piece of advice: do less. Clean your home without lifting a finger with one of these affordable and smarter-than-ever robot vacuum. Robot vacs have swept the nation and there’s good reason. These suckers, which use sensors to detect small particles of dirt, hair and debris, can be controlled with your smartphone, activated by voice and clean automatically on a schedule you set. Some even dispense their own trash or double as a mop, and show you a floor plan of your home so you can be sure it’s covering every inch. Stop tidying and buy back your precious time for as low as $135 — on one of Amazon’s top five robot vacuum cleaners, according to reviews. iRobot Roomba is arguably the most popular robot vacuum cleaner brand that produces a variety of models. The 694 is currently on sale so we thought we’d highlight it. It lifts dirt, dust and debris and can even detect dirtier areas of your home to clean them more thoroughly. Tip: don’t forget to use the $90 off coupon before checking out. This Roborock vacuum includes Precision Low Light Navigation to make sure it performs precisely in both bright rooms and even in dark ones, to clean your home effectively at all times. Up to four levels of your home can be mapped and automatically recognized, including room locations, as well as up to 10 “no go zones,” “no-map zones” and “10 invisible walls” on every level of your home. The Shark ION Robot Vacuum includes the brand’s Tri-Brush System which is a combination of side brushes, channel brushes and a multi-surface brushroll to handle debris on all surfaces. Plus, the SharkClean app lets you start and stop cleaning and schedule your robot to clean whenever you want. For a limited time, you can get the eufy by Anker Robot Vacuum for $100 off its regular price. This baby is the brand’s newest model, re-engineered to boast suction power (2000Pa Max) while maintaining quiet operation and a super-slim design. This ILIFE option is the cheapest pick on our list and has the almost 20,000 raving Amazon reviews. Plus, if you’re looking for the best option for pet hair, this is the winner! The ILIFE V3s Pro was specifically made to collect hair and has a low profile design to clean under beds, furniture where dirt hides. Ideal for hardwood, tile, laminate or stone. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.