Just when you thought he was out … Disgraced former Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who resigned last summer facing impeachment over a damning serial sexual harassment report from the state attorney general, could pose a serious challenge to his successor, Gov. Kathy Hochul, a new poll has found. Cuomo would trail his former running mate by just 4 points were he to enter the Democratic primary race to reclaim the governorship, the Emerson College/The Hill poll reveals. Hochul garners 37 percent of Democratic primary voters to 33 percent for Cuomo in the hypothetical match-up, the survey found. About 16 percent of Democrats said they were undecided or chose another candidate, while 7 percent of Democrats favored Long Island Rep. Tom Suozzi and 4 percent backed Jumaane Williams, the New York City public advocate. The poll was a mixed bag for Cuomo, who resigned under the threat of impeachment last August after a state investigative report released by state Attorney General Letitia James concluded he harassed or mistreated 11 women, including staffers under his employ. He has denied wrongdoing. Cuomo would have most certainly run for a fourth term before getting swept up by scandal. But the survey found that nearly two-thirds of all New York voters — 63 percent — think Cuomo should not re-enter public office, while 24 percent think he should, with the remainder having no opinion. In the hypothetical primary, Cuomo had the support of 59 percent of black voters, by far the highest of any candidate. Hochul had the most support among white and Hispanic voters — 51 percent and 50 percent, respectively. No wonder Cuomo made his first public speaking appearance at a predominantly black church in Brooklyn last Sunday — God’s Battalion of Prayer in East Flatbush — where he did not repent for his sins but instead blamed others for his downfall. Cuomo is also spending some of his $16 million in remaining campaign funds on TV ads attacking James’ report and maintaining his innocence. “While voters trust the investigation’s findings and do not want Cuomo to re-enter office, he still holds significant support among a base of Democratic primary voters,” said Spencer Kimball, executive director of the Emerson College Poll. Kimball said he was not surprised by the scandal-scarred Cuomo’s strong showing. “I noticed when he resigned that he still had a strong base of support that looked to be willing to go to bat for him … but he resigned. These current numbers suggest that base is still with him, and in a multicandidate field, he could win with a plurality,” Kimball said. “I think he would have more difficulty winning a primary one on one.” Cuomo has argued James’ report was a political hit job. But voters disagree. Among all voters, 59 percent said they trust the findings of James’ investigation into Cuomo’s sexual harassment allegations, while only 23 percent disagree, though support is down from 64 percent last August. A solid majority of voters — 60 percent — think the investigation was a serious attempt to find out what really happened with Cuomo’s treatment of women while 38 percent said it was politically motivated. The margin shrinks among Democrats — 54 percent said the investigation was legitimate while 43 percent believed it was politically motivated. If Cuomo were to run again for attorney general — a post he held before his election to governor in 2010 — he would trail James by a wider margin of 12 points, 45 percent to 33 percent among Democratic primary voters. Hochul served as Cuomo’s lieutenant governor for six years before assuming the top job when he resigned. Without Cuomo in the mix, Hochul holds a commanding lead among the declared Democratic primary candidates — with 42 percent support followed by Williams with 10 percent, Suozzi with 7 percent and Paul Nichols with 5 percent. More than a quarter of Democrats — 27 percent — are undecided. The primary election is June 28, with 10 days of early voting beginning on June 18. In the Republican primary for governor, Long Island Congressman Lee Zeldin leads with 27 percent support followed by Andrew Giuliani with 17 percent, former Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino with 11 percent, businessman Harry Wilson with 6 percent and Michael Carpinelli with 5 percent, Derrick Gibson with 3 percent and Kris Lord with 1 percent. Nearly a quarter of GOP voters — 23 percent — are undecided, and 7 percent plan to vote for someone else. The Emerson College/The Hill poll was conducted March 9-10, 2022. It surveyed 504 Democratic voters for primary questions, with a margin of error of plus or minus 4.3 percentage points. The overall survey of 1,000 voters has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points. The survey queried 225 registered Republicans for the primary question, with a margin of error of plus or minus 6.5 percentage points. The poll queried voters through automated phone calls and an online pane.