If we’re going to create transparently idiotic, partisan standards on the fly, they should be applied to everyone in government.If Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has an ethical obligation to recuse himself from all cases related to the Jan. 6 riots because his wife Ginni has opinions on the matter, as most Democrats contend, it’s clear that President Joe Biden has a moral responsibility to step back from any more decisions concerning Ukraine and China.Now that The New York Times and Washington Post have both authenticated the Hunter Biden e-mails — a story the media and tech conglomerates suppressed on the flimsiest of pretexts to help Joe win the 2020 election — it’s also what’s right for democracy. That’s how this works, right?The Biden case is potentially worse because Hunter, under criminal investigation, implicates his father as fiscal beneficiary in his dealings with corrupt Eastern European energy interests and the ChiComs. It’s plausible, of course, that Hunter and his business partner Tony Bobulinski might have been lying about the “Big Guy.” It’s also true that if this story were about any Republican president, the media would be deploying squadrons of reporters to find out. After all, the president has previously said not only that he did not benefit from Hunter’s work but that he knew absolutely nothing about his son’s influence peddling. And yet there is much circumstantial evidence available that leads us to believe Joe could be lying. For instance: And the biggest question the press should be asking the president is: Did Joe ever benefit financially from any of Hunter’s dealings? The answer might very well still be “No.” There is, after all, no hard evidence to say otherwise (and, considering the lack of urgency of the institutional press to look into these matters, we’re probably never going to find out). However, on a number of occasions during the past five years, I can recall reading deeply reported profiles about the business dealings of the previous president’s children. Journalists and pundits, quite understandably, wondered if the president himself had been aware of their dealings. They wondered if such relationships should be considered unethical.Then again, even if Joe Biden were completely unaware of his son’s machinations, the Clarence Thomas Standard states that it doesn’t matter. Joe must recuse himself from making any foreign-policy decisions for the sake of democracy. Otherwise, he should, as Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez maintains, be impeached.