TAMPA — Isiah Kiner-Falefa arrived at George M. Steinbrenner Field on Monday as a member of his third different team and in his third different city in three days. But after the whirlwind of events, getting traded from the Rangers to the Twins and then the Twins to the Yankees, he believes he is right where he always wanted to be. The new Yankees shortstop is still getting his bearings and introducing himself to his teammates on multiple occasions, but his excitement had not waned amid the chaos. “Growing up, this was my favorite team,” Kiner-Falefa said Tuesday morning in the Yankees clubhouse. “I didn’t tell any other teams that; that’s a red flag if you go in another clubhouse and say you want to be a Yankee. I just put my head down and worked hard. I’m proud of myself for getting the opportunity to even be here.” Kiner-Falefa — a Gold Glove third baseman in 2020 — started 156 games at shortstop last year for the Rangers, who then went out this offseason and signed Corey Seager and Marcus Semien. He began to see the writing on the wall then, but he said the Rangers still called him two days before he got to their camp in Surprise, Ariz. and told him he would be their starting third baseman. Instead, the Rangers traded him to the Twins on Saturday. But the Yankees, who had been linked to Kiner-Falefa for much of the offseason, kept pursuing him and ultimately landed him Sunday night in the blockbuster deal that also brought in Josh Donaldson and Ben Rortvedt and sent out Gary Sanchez and Gio Urshela. Kiner-Falefa had just gotten to the Twins’ camp in Fort Myers, Fla., on Sunday, but then packed up again and headed to the Yankees. “It was kind of funny because I had first day of school two days in a row,” he said. Kiner-Falefa, who turns 27 next week, solidifies shortstop for the Yankees after they moved Gleyber Torres off the position late last season and spent much of the offseason trying to find his replacement. “The thing I can do and bring every day is my heart,” said Kiner-Falefa, who is under contract through 2023. “I’m gonna play as hard as I can every day and that’s all you can ask for.” Kiner-Falefa turned that mindset into catching 73 games for the Rangers from 2018-2019 because initially, learning the position was his only open path to the big leagues. He said catching pitchers like Lance Lynn, Cole Hamels, Bartolo Colon and Tim Lincecum instilled a confidence in him that he still carries with him in the infield. “Obviously we believe he’s an excellent shortstop,” GM Brian Cashman said. “Great energy, positive, highly confident athlete that’s going to bring speed and defense to a position of need to this lineup. Those are all things this lineup needs more than anything, especially at that position.”