The Issue: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s refusal to flee after Russia invaded the country. The bravery of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and the Ukrainian people is the stuff of legend, but how long can they last (“Fight like Zel,” Feb. 27)? Sanctions are not enough. Ukrainians need military help, and if they don’t get it soon, their valiant stand will end in tragedy. It is not our responsibility to help Ukraine; it’s a moral imperative. If we profess to stand for freedom we must defend it. NATO membership should not matter. Ukraine is a sovereign country that gave up its nuclear capability at our behest because we guaranteed its safety. If we allow Ukraine to fall, the very last shreds of our credibility fall with it. The risk of escalation is the price of moral authority. Gary Taustine Fort Lee, NJ Zelensky deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for his courage and determination in rallying Ukraine’s people against the unlawful invasion by Russia. A stark contrast to the autocrat Russian President Vladimir Putin, he is a global model for democracy. He is the Winston Churchill of the 21st century, resisting tyranny. He’s a profile in courage. Ed Houlihan Ridgewood, NJ Zelensky has shown the world how to lead a nation. One of Joe Biden’s first moves as president was to shut down the Keystone pipeline, putting thousands of Americans out of work. With America becoming dependent on Russian oil, Americans, in effect, were financing Russia’s military buildup, which led to the invasion of Ukraine. Putin has pushed Biden out of the way and brushed off Biden’s impotent sanctions. Biden could turn the tables on him by reactivating the Keystone pipeline. Unfortunately, he’s in the pocket of the climate fanatics. Biden needs to follow Zelensky’s lead and stand up to Putin, but he is lacking in what the Ukraine president has — and that would be common sense and courage. Nicholas Maffei Yonkers As an American Jew, I have the utmost pride in Zelensky. It is only fitting that a Ukrainian Jew leads the first noble resistance against the resurrection of the fascist curse in Europe. As the plutocratic thug Putin utilizes psychological projection and labels Zelensky’s democracy “a gang of drug addicts and neo-Nazis,” the Ukrainian leader shows the world true heroism in the face of an onslaught against liberalism itself. It is imperative that NATO, led by a resolute United States, repel the Russians from Kyiv. We must remember Zelensky’s bravery. We will never abandon the principles and promise of posterity offered by democracy. It is preferable to die free than live as enslaved shells of our former selves. Henry Wilson Barrington, Ill. Your article “From TV to the theater of war” (Feb. 25) omits the fact that Zelensky is Jewish and lost a great-grandfather in the Holocaust. This is relevant because Putin has justified his brutal invasion of Ukraine as being necessary to “de-Nazify” the country. For Putin to call a Western-oriented democracy, led by a pro-Israel Jew who lost family in the Holocaust and was elected with overwhelming popular support as an anti-corruption reformer, a “Nazi” regime is preposterous and Orwellian. Stephen A. Silver San Francisco, Calif. Our government offered to evacuate Zelensky. His answer was thus: ”The fight is here. I need ammunition, not a ride.” Our country can respond to that kind of valor by restoring the energy independence we had just a little more than a year ago. Biden should be compelled to reverse the policies that still, as of today, have America buying oil from Russia. We have the capacity to free European countries from their dependence on Russia as well. We are in the throes of a new Cold War and we must pivot to survive and restore American leadership around the world. Phil Serpico, Queens Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.