Fairy tales aren’t always imaginary — especially when you can live in your very own. This cottage, which comes ornamented with castle turrets and leaded windows, seems like something taken straight from an enchanted forest in a children’s storybook. But in reality, it stands in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles — and it now seeks a new owner who can pay $1.39 million to live out their fantasy. Located at 6937 Vanland Trail, this two-bedroom cottage has long been rumored to be the inspiration for Snow White’s home in the still-classic 1937 Disney film — and its listing notes the exterior design even matches that of Roland E. Hill’s design for the castle at Disneyland. The 1,026-square-foot spread hit the market last week, according to Realtor.com, whose listing history also shows the home last sold for $949,000 in 2016. And in a former life, the house also served as a vacation rental with an average rate of $307 per night. At that time, the home had reportedly been owned by the same family since the 1930s. The listing notes the home dates to 1938. A trip through the listing images provides a true escape from reality. Exterior details additionally include wood beams running up the façade, a multi-colored brick chimney and textured green roof shingles. Inside, an arched doorway, wood-framed windows, a fireplace and a wooden ceiling adorn a living area. Nearby, a cozy kitchen, also with wood-beamed ceilings, has wooden cabinets that the listing says are reminiscent of Snow White’s house. Wood-beamed ceilings extend into a bedroom, where leaded glass doors open to a balcony. Elsewhere, a room with sloped ceilings can serve as a home office. Back outside, stone walls frame a yard, which has a small pond and a waterfall, and a small wooden bridge off to their side. It all stands on a 2,792-square-foot lot. As for other features, there are stained glass windows, one full bathroom, a powder room, smart-home heating and cooling for the bedrooms and modern appliances. Lisa Wade, of Power Brokers International, has the listing.