The gentleman burglar of Paris just got a taste of his own medicine. Netflix’s hit international heist-thriller “Lupin” had $330,000 of equipment robbed from its set in France while filming for a third installment Feb 25, Variety reported Wednesday. The news comes on the heels of another Netflix production, the royal drama “The Crown,” falling victim to a similar, $200,000 jewel, silverware and antique theft Feb. 24. Those pricey props in England were stolen while the show was producing its 10-episode fifth season, which will cover the life of the British monarchy in the 1990s. About 20 masked robbers reportedly busted onto the “Lupin” set, throwing mortar fireworks while the show was filming with lead actor Omar Sy — who plays Assane Diop, a goodhearted thief inspired by Maurice Leblanc’s character Arsène Lupin — in the Parisian outskirt of Nanterre, according to news outlet AFP. They also noted that local police have launched an investigation into the coordinated robbery. Netflix — which confirmed the “incident” in a statement to Variety — also noted that “cast and crew are safe and there were no injuries” as a result of the violent theft. The French show, which has not announced a release date for its highly anticipated third season, was able to resume production this Monday, according to the outlet. Across the English Channel in Doncaster, the more subtle, overnight raid from “The Crown” set was reported to have come just days prior to the “Lupin” holdup. “The gang managed to gain access to the lorries,” a source told the Sun, adding that the thieves were then able to “break [the trucks] open and strip them of the lot.” There, a replica of the 1897 Imperial Coronation Fabergé coach egg, 12 sets of silver candelabra and seven gold candelabra, a face from a William IV grandfather clock, multiple Russian religious icons, a 10-piece silver dressing table set, along with Saint-Louis gilt crystal glassware and decanters were all boosted, Antiques Trade Gazette reported. “Producers have an incredible eye for detail and every item was meticulously chosen. To lose the lot is just heartbreaking,” the source told the Sun, with another insider adding, “This couldn’t have come at a more frustrating time. “Producers are frantically trying to find replacements,” they continued. “But given so many were unique, it won’t be easy.” It is not clear if or how the two major Netflix robberies may be connected.