She’s giving fans a big bang for their buck. OnlyFans model Jess Switch, 33, rakes in a whopping $50,000 a month as a “giantess,” teasing and pleasing her followers by pretending to be a sexy giant who shoves their full bodies into her mouth, in between her butt cheeks and betwixt her 38DDD breasts. “They like the thrill of me looking huge and them feeling tiny, and the uncertainty of what I’ll do next,” Switch, from Alberta, Canada, told Jam Press of her more than 3,000 freaky peekers. “Some people want to fantasize about being stomped or sat on,” she continued. “But sometimes they want to be picked up, teased and then crushed, specifically between my butt cheeks or breasts.” The curvaceous cyber siren first joined OnlyFans as a content creator in early 2020, hoping to make some extra cash after leaving her job at a warehouse. But her success as an online seductress skyrocketed once she began exploring the rare sexual kinks — like macrophilia, which is a fascination or sexual attraction to giant — that excite her OnlyFans fanatics. “Being funny and sexual is something that is seriously overlooked,” said Switch, who often films herself with an iPhone camera that she places on the floor in order to create the illusion of tremendousness. “I’m always interested in where these kinks come from,” she added. “And with the giantess fantasy, it’s usually about the idea of complete surrender.” While capturing her fee-fi-fo-fum footage for fans, which takes around 10 to 12 hours a day, Switch uses tiny human figurines as props and pretends to stomp on, sit on or eat them — a kink known as voar. “In one video, I bought a tiny figurine of a man less than an inch tall and threw it into my mouth and pretended to swallow,” she bragged. “In other videos, fans want to be crushed by me, so I’ll either stomp, stand or sit on my phone.” And it’s through her iPhone — which she’s once admittedly cracked while squishing the device with her voluptuous body parts — that she fulfills a number of specific giantess fantasies for behemoth buffs. “I’ve certainly got the curves to be able to stuff a whole camera into my cleavage or my butt, so that’s another aspect of the fantasy that I’m able to really bring to life,” said Switch of her buxom build. “Once I made a video for a man who wanted me to crush everything but him – his office, his house, even his gym,” she recalled. “Then I picked him up and put him in my bra, telling him I would keep him like a pet.” However, she insisted that her bawdy brand isn’t just about taking money from folks with an elephantine fetish — it’s also aimed at improving men’s mental health. “It sounds corny but I have a special connection with my fans,” Switch insisted. “I have some who I never even talk about anything sexual with – one man just sends me silly dad jokes or we exchange pictures of our pets.” She believes her service as a sexy confidant aids her male fan base on their individual personal development journeys. “These are fun, kinky, romantic people, and if they can be that way with me, they can be with someone else too,” said Switch. “Improving men’s mental health benefits everyone – including women.”