Needing some new inspiration to reach your fitness goals this year? With warmer weather and bikini season just around the corner, now is the perfect time to get reinvigorated. If you haven’t yet tried the wildly popular Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App, you’re in luck! New users can grab a lifetime subscription that would typically set them back $449 for 66% off for a limited time, making it just $149.99. Jillian Michaels, the world renowned fitness expert and life coach, is ready to give you the tools you need to excel in health and wellness with her very own app. You’ll essentially get access to the priceless tool of having Jillian in your pocket, touching on all aspects you need to get healthier. Curious what’s included? There are over 800 workout exercises, all shot in HD video, that go from basic to advanced, so all levels of experience are welcome! Choose from HIIT to targeted routines, and customize it to your skill-set by selecting fitness levels and adjusting the intensity of the workout. Don’t like a certain part? You can also swap and ban exercises from the workout for a totally personalized routine. If you have certain equipment on hand, you can also select available equipment to use within your workout. Making things even more personal? If you don’t like looking at screens, there are audio-only workouts and audio-only meditations to let you wind down and tend to your mental health, too. If you prefer listening to your own music, there’s also the ability to play your own tunes or let Beat Sync adjust the beat of the music to the pace of the workout. Aside from using workouts from Jillian Michaels’ DVD collection, this app also has an advanced meal planner system to help you reach your goals. You’ll quickly see why it won Best of Award Sinner and App of the Day on the App Store (where it scored 4.7 out of 5 stars), and why it picked up Best of Award Winner on the Google Play Store as well (where it boasts a 4.5 out of 5-star rating). Real-life customer Sandra called it, “the best fitness app available,” adding, “I’ve been using it for years and it keeps getting better.” See what all the fuss is about! New users can get a lifetime subscription to Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App for just $149.99 now. Prices subject to change.