This palatial home may not be a castle, but it’s only ever been owned by royalty. The Palm Beach, Fla. home of Princess Alia bint Al Hussein — the 66-year-old daughter of the late King Hussein of Jordan — sold for $45.4 million earlier this month. The sale marks the first time the waterfront home has ever changed hands. The 10,161-square-foot, nine-bathroom, eight-bedroom estate was built in 1996 after the home that previously stood on the property blew up in a natural-gas explosion the year prior, according to the Palm Beach Daily News. That former building had reportedly been used as a vacation house by the late king. The first-ever buyer of the current, Mediterranean-style dwelling — which boasts “soaring ceilings,” “gracious outdoor entertainment space,” at least one fireplace, a library and a dining room — remains a mystery: They purchased the home through a Delaware-registered limited liability company. Princess Alia bint Al Hussein is the king’s eldest daughter, and she is half-sister to his successor. When not enjoying her sprawling Florida property, she is known for her passion for equestrianism, and previously served as the Royal Stables of Jordan’s director. She also reportedly established an animal welfare-focused foundation bearing her name. Both buyer representative Chris Leavitt of Douglas Elliman and listing agent Michelle Newman of William Raveis South Florida declined The Post’s request for comment. “It has about 140 feet on the Intracoastal and the views are spectacular,” Newman told Mansion Global. “It’s really a boater’s dream because it’s just minutes from an inlet.” There’s also a swimming pool, a palm tree-surrounded spa and a deep-water dock capable of accommodating yachts. In terms of landlubbing amenities, there’s a summer kitchen with a bar, a second-floor balcony and a three-car garage. The property is located at the island’s northern tip, less than a mile south of its adjacent inlet. Despite the home’s hefty sales price, sources familiar with it say it is ripe for renovation, the Palm Beach Daily News reported.