What a dummy. A prankster’s attempt to pull off the viral “mannequin prank” backfired horribly after a little girl tried to sit in his lap, resulting in him getting scolded by her mom. A clip of the botched gag currently boasts 21.5 million views on TikTok, while a Twitter re-post amassed over one million. “Mannequin prank gone wrong,” reads the caption to the clip, which was uploaded Monday by the account @tugreckless. The uproarious 30-second footage, which was filmed at an undisclosed Target, shows the unnamed bozo wearing a morph white suit in an attempt to masquerade as a mannequin. It’s suspected he was trying to execute the viral “mannequin prank,” in which chuckleheads dress as department store dummies and then scare unsuspecting shoppers on camera for social media clicks. However, his cover gets blown after a little girl who wasn’t the intended “target” attempts to sit on the living dummy’s lap. Hoping to avert disaster, the jokester breaks character, causing the tyke to fall back onto her bum out of shock. This outrages the tot’s mother, who turns and chastises the cameraman, fuming, “That’s rude, y’all are wrong for that. F–k y’all.” “We ain’t do nothing wrong,” he splutters in response. The clip, filmed on an unknown date, concludes with a store employee kicking the human-nequin out of the store. Surprisingly, many commenters online sided with the pranksters with one TikTok commenter writing, “God people are so sensitive.” “That lil girl is so dramatic,” criticized another, while a cretinous commenter wrote, “Go on Karen and take your kid with you!!!” Others wondered why the girl attempted to sit on a store display in the first place with one writing, “Maybe teach your kids to not touch things in the store.” However, some commenters found the family’s reaction totally understandable. “Honestly, her mom was pretty chill about it,” said one empathetic viewer. “Poor girl got spooked. She’s a KID. Her reaction was quite tame.” Another wrote, “She’s obviously crying because she didn’t think a mannequin would move y’all. She’s a kid. Even a grown person would jump.” “I can’t believe people are defending the prankers,” fumed one defender. “She’s a child, she got scared, and as a mom flipping you off was the least.” “The people in these comments clearly don’t have kids,” wrote another disbelieving viewer under the Twitter repost. “Why she sitting on a mannequin? Why do kids do any of the crazy things they do??” Others found it ironic that viewers were criticizing the child’s behavior and not that of the grown man doing display dummy cosplay. “Soooo u not gon ask why a grown man is dressed up as a mannequin at Target?” wondered one on Twitter. Another wrote, “Okay the kid is a kid though, how old is the person dressed as a damn mannequin at Target?” Meanwhile, some astute viewers pointed out that the prankster was sitting in the “infant and toddler” section.