It took a lot of left turns to afford this swish spread. Three-time NASCAR Cup Series champion, Tony Stewart, nicknamed “Smoke,” is listing his  Indiana luxury log hunting ranch for a whopping $30 million, which makes it the most expensive listing in the state. Located in Columbus, less than an hour from the Indianapolis International Airport, the home is made up of six bedrooms and 11 bathrooms and is situated on a colossal 415 acres of land. Known as Hidden Hollow Ranch, the main residence spans nearly 20,000 square feet and features a massive 8,700-gallon freshwater indoor aquarium in the great room. There’s also a separate nearly 3,500-square-foot guest house. “This is truly my dream home,” Stewart, 50, said in a statement. “We enjoyed every square inch of the land here. This became my place to get away and relax with my family and friends.” “The best part is that there is always something to do here,” he added. “The land is great for hunting and fishing, off-roading, or just sitting on the porch and enjoying the stars at night. It is the perfect blend of entertainment and relaxation.” Pegged as a “true playground for adults,” amenities include a 9-acre stocked lake. For more nature, there are also sprawling forests filled with turkey, deer, and elk. What’s more: there’s even a gym, bowling alley, game area, a lighted onyx bar, and a golf simulator. There is also a large workshop on the property where all of Stewart’s racing helmets are kept. Prospective buyers also have the opportunity to turn the entire estate into the business. The property is zoned as a hunting preserve and bed and breakfast. “The very first time I visited Hidden Hollow Ranch, I was absolutely floored,” Carrie Holle who holds the listing with Compass said in the statement. “This one-of-a-kind luxury cabin has everything you could ever imagine, and then some.” “As I approached the home, an incredible 1,500 gallon stream stocked with koi ran beneath the entryway, cluing me into the many unexpected and luxurious features that I’d soon discover about this property.” “This continues indoors with a 8,700-gallon freshwater aquarium in the great room, filled with largemouth bass, bluegill, carp, gar, perch, and crappie. I’ve never seen anything quite like this,” added Holle. The residence is built from lodgepole pine sourced the Northern Rockies. The flooring is made up of white oak, red hardwood and stone imported from Texas. The light fixtures were handcrafted in Alaska. And Indiana bedrock was used to build the fireplaces in the breakfast room, great room and screened-in porch. “I really enjoy how the materials ground you in the space, while the home’s size and grandeur elevate your excitement,” Holle added. “With six bedrooms all en suite, eight full bathrooms, six-car garage, 3,500 square-foot guest house, and an enormous workshop, there’s an abundance of space to host friends and family for a trip they’ll never forget.” Other features include a two-story waterfall and trout stream in the entryway. The kitchen comes with a hibachi grill. In 2014, Stewart accidentally killed fellow driver Kevin Ward Jr. during a dirt-track race at Canandaigua (N.Y.) Motorsports Park. “I know 100 percent in my heart and in my mind that I did not do anything wrong. This was 100 percent an accident,” Stewart said following the tragedy.