The Issue: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s address to Congress, asking for further assistance. President Volodymyr Zelensky’s impassioned speech to Congress was commendable and demonstrates the steadfast love he has for his country (“Zel: ‘Be leader of the world’ Biden: ‘No,’ ” March 17). Unfortunately, the United States is currently burdened with an unparalleled crisis of leadership. The vacuous strategy of President Biden and his administration is grievously pathetic and a detriment to global peace and stability. Biden continues to broadcast his timid approach to this horrific, totally unwarranted war by declaring what he will not do. This type of reticence only emboldens Vladimir Putin to continue down the path of barbaric savagery. Zelensky exhorted Biden to be the leader of the world. However, Biden is barely capable of leading himself off the stage after his frivolous press conferences. Denis David East Rockaway Zelensky has become the definition of leadership in a crisis. He has exhibited a personal courage that every world leader should emulate. As he begs for help from a war zone, our so-called leaders wring their hands, worried about angering Putin. It is time to take their lead from a former comedian, who was widely mocked when elected and now shows the world what a real leader looks like. Peter W. Kelly Hazlet, NJ The president spoke about how “convincing” Zelensky’s remarks were to Congress, yet continues to deny Ukraine the no-fly zone and the jets it needs. It defies reason that the Ukranians would not be given the appropriate aircraft from Poland due to Biden’s decision. They know what they need. Sanctions take time, while people are dying every day. It seems that President Zelensky’s argument was convincing to everyone but the US president. This is a tragedy of epic proportions. Jackie Biaggi The Bronx The answer to The Post’s question “Does Joe hear Zel’s call?” (Editorial, March 17) is a resounding no. The Biden administration is too late to help the Ukrainians. The time to help was months ago when the Russians were preparing the “minor incursion” into Ukraine. Biden is always 10 steps behind every crisis — be it across the world or in our own country. J.J. Levine Miami Beach, Fla. As you outline in your editorial, Zelensky’s speech to Congress was inspiring and to-the-point — especially when he stated that Biden was the leader of a great nation and as such, the leader of the world. His best line, “Being the leader of the world means being the leader of peace,” apparently has fallen on deaf ears. I don’t see Biden stepping in to tell Putin to cease and desist — or else. All he can say is that it looks it will be a long war. I do give him credit for announcing that he’s sending Ukraine more defensive supplies, totaling $800 million, and calling Putin a war criminal. But he still will not give Ukraine the MiG jets because he is scared of Putin and doesn’t want to upset him. Is that a president who has stepped up to be the leader of the free world? No. Richard Ketay Newark, NJ Do we really want peace in Ukraine? If so, the world must de-escalate. Pushing Putin into a corner to see how far he will go will not end well for anyone, much less Ukraine. The uneducated banter from members of the media and Congress who promote more weapons, planes and funding could lead us to World War III. A protracted war does not benefit Russia or Ukraine. It only benefits Biden and the media, who keep the focus on this larger than life “superhero versus villain” fight, which is far from our inflation woes and gas-price concerns. We must de-escalate to find peace, then focus on our own border. Deirdre Harvey Valley Stream Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.