Wonders never cease. First The New York Times. Then CNN. Now The Washington Post has caught up with the Hunter Biden laptop story — only 18 months after the New York Post broke the scandal, and too late for the 2020 election. But now, after our story was censored by Big Tech and dismissed as “Russian disinformation” by Democratic prevaricator Adam Schiff, and 51 former spooks led by former CIA Director John Brennan, apparently it’s safe to admit the laptop is real and the e-mails we published can be easily authenticated. Of course, they all avoid the inevitable conclusion to be drawn from evidence contained on the laptop that the president’s drug-addled son Hunter abandoned at a MacBook repair shop in Delaware in April 2019: that Joe Biden, when he was vice president, was aware of, and intimately involved in, a corrupt, multimillion-dollar, international influence-peddling scheme run by Hunter, and Joe’s brother Jim Biden, in the countries for which Joe was point man in the Obama administration, such as Russia, Ukraine and China. Hunter’s laptop is a large piece of the jigsaw puzzle that leads to such a shocking conclusion. But despite acknowledging that the material on the laptop showed that Hunter was “trading on his ­father’s name to make a lot of money,” as CNN White House correspondent John Harwood put it, both The Washington Post and CNN were at pains to absolve Joe Biden of any involvement in the scheme. “There is zero evidence that Vice President Biden, or President Biden, has done anything wrong in connection with what Hunter Biden has done,” Harwood said. The Washington Post declared it “did not find evidence that Joe Biden personally benefited from or knew details about the transactions with [Chinese energy company] CEFC, which took place after he had left the vice presidency and before he announced his intentions to run for the White House in 2020.” A New York Times piece earlier this month that also belatedly acknowledged that the veracity of the laptop — in the 24th paragraph — did not explicitly exonerate the president but simply rehearsed the legal defenses that Hunter could mount if he is indicted by the Delaware grand jury investigating him over alleged tax evasion, money laundering and violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act. No doubt these august media organs who treated our story with sneering disregard for a year and a half have their reasons for jumping on board. For one thing, their original goal of removing Trump from office was achieved long ago, and Joe Biden is now so unpopular that his Praetorian Guard is melting away and reporting on his family is less hazardous to Beltway dinner-party invitations. For another thing, they can’t have their audiences blindsided when the US attorney in Delaware completes his investigation of Hunter. God forbid that their readers and viewers wake up to the fact they have been misled and kept in the dark by their media outlets of choice. But instead of providing their readers with the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, The Washington Post curiously left out crucial facts in two detailed stories about the laptop on Tuesday that totaled a hefty near-7,000 words. The main story was titled “Inside Hunter Biden’s multimillion-dollar deals with a Chinese energy company. A Washington Post review confirms key details and offers new documentation of Biden family interactions with Chinese executives.” It goes into detail about Hunter Biden’s business dealings with the state-controlled Chinese energy conglomerate CEFC — which it doesn’t mention was the capitalist arm of China’s “Belt and Road Initiative,” an imperialist pet project of President Xi Jinping that aims to entrap developing countries with massive loans and overtake the United States as an economic power. But it does not mention the $6 million CEFC wired into the business bank account of trusted Biden family friend Rob Walker, a former Clinton-administration official whose wife, Betsy Massey Walker, had been Jill Biden’s assistant when she was second lady. On Feb. 23, 2017, and March 1, 2017, two wires, each for $3 million, were sent to Rob Walker from State Energy HK Limited, a Shanghai-based company linked to CEFC. That money was payment for work done by Hunter and his business partners during the last two years of Joe Biden’s vice-presidency in countries from Romania to Russia, using the Biden name to open doors and find acquisitions for CEFC. Nor does The Washington Post mention the company SinoHawk Holdings, which was set up on May 15, 2017, for a joint venture between CEFC and Hunter and his business partners. This was the deal for which Joe Biden was to get a 10% cut, as cited in an infamous 2017 e-mail on the laptop, “10 [percent] held by H [Hunter] for the big guy.” Hunter’s former business partner, the CEO of SinoHawk, Tony Bobulinski, has publicly said that Joe Biden is the “big guy.” But The Washington Post curiously does not mention Bobulinski, even though his name is all over the e-mails and documents on the laptop relating to CEFC, and even though the naval veteran held a press conference spilling the beans on the Bidens in October 2020. It does not mention that Bobulinski met Joe Biden twice in 2017, to be vetted as CEO of SinoHawk. Considering the newspaper says it has had possession of a hard-drive clone of Hunter’s laptop since June 2021, these are curious omissions, which serve to underplay Joe Biden’s role. “It’s clear the corporate media was complicit in helping get Joe Biden elected by suppressing what they knew would be damaging stories,” says Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, who with GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa conducted an investigation into Hunter Biden and was accused by Democrats of peddling “Russian disinformation” for his trouble. “The Washington Post story should be viewed as what Nixon’s advisers once termed as a ‘modified limited hangout,’ ” he says, using a propaganda phrase that means releasing a small amount of hidden information in order to hide the more important details. Another piece of the Biden jigsaw puzzle was provided by Johnson and Grassley’s inquiry that accessed confidential “suspicious-activity reports” that banks are required to flag to the Treasury Department, and allowed them to track millions of dollars from China, Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan paid into accounts associated with Hunter and Jim Biden and their associates. Johnson says their inquiry was stymied by Democrats, who set up fake FBI briefings for him and then leaked details to the press to cast doubt on witnesses he wanted to subpoena, such as Hunter and his partners. But it was also his own Republican committee members who got in the way, denying Johnson the numbers he needed to subpoena witnesses when his party had the power. Johnson won’t name them, but Sens. Mitt Romney and Rob Portman were two Republicans who reportedly objected to the “political” nature of the subpoenas. Johnson and Grassley have been vindicated now but imagine how different history would have been if they had been supported by their own team. Joe Biden probably would not be president today.