On Wednesday, Kyrie Irving and the Brooklyn Nets travel to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies. The Grizzlies will be down their best player as Ja Morant will miss his second straight game due to knee soreness. Still, the Nets are barely favored on the road in Memphis. Expect Grizzlies coach Taylor Jenkins to heavily feature Desmond Bane, Jaren Jackson Jr. and Dillon Brooks. These are three of the better supporting cast members in the league. We will see how they do with bigger roles against a championship-contending opponent. Check out the Nets vs. Grizzlies odds and player prop bets for Wednesday’s game. You will also see a parlay in there for some more fun. However, it is important to bet responsibly and follow the advice given by Furio from the Sopranos and, “Bet with your head, not over it!” Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Nets (-1.5) vs. Grizzlies (+1.5) Moneyline: Nets (-125) vs. Grizzlies (+105) Total: Over 238.5 (-110) | Under 238.5 (-110) The un-vaccinated Kyrie has not played since his 60-point outburst on March 15. With eight days off, Irving should have plenty of energy to dominate on both ends of the floor. Irving is over this number for steals in four of his past six games. There is another play here that is a bit safer if you are more risk-averse. Kyrie Irving “steals + blocks” ‘over’ 1.5 comes is at -130 on BetMGM. He is over 1.5 steals and blocks in six straight contests. The “Durant-Tula” is over this number in six of his last nine games. With the potential that he goes over this number with his scoring alone, look for Durant to be very active tonight both rebounding and scoring. This player prop has hit the over in five of Irving’s last nine and in one of those games he scored 60 points. For the parlay below, I used four assists as it is a bit safer, hitting in nine straight games. This was bet on DraftKings earlier Wednesday. They are also offering a SGP profit boost that, supposedly, varies by the user in value. For me, it was a 50% profit boost, boosting this SGP from +500 to +750. Excellent value on these two who are locked in on the court together.