This woman got the naked truth about her sleazy ex. Armed with a lacy pink thong and 7-inch platform heels adorned in Swarovski crystals, mom of two Missy Peterson shocked her boyfriend of two years by secretly placing a tracker on his car, following him to a strip club and hopping onstage to execute a devastatingly sexy stunt. “I got onstage in a bra and thong that one of the strippers gave me, walked up to him and said, ‘Oh you want a show? I’ll give you a show,’ ” Peterson, 40, told The Post of her X-rated exploit — which ultimately earned her $100 in tips. A TikTok testimonial detailing her saucy showcase has fetched over 3.9 million views. The real estate agent from Laguna Beach, Calif., went on to tell The Post that her perpetually “deceitful” ex Matthew — whose last name she chose not to reveal for privacy purposes —  had previously admitted to frequenting strip clubs, getting lap dances and then having sex with the women. So, in order to remain faithful, he’d “promised” to avoid gentleman’s lounges altogether, Peterson recalled. But, after the guy inexplicably began disappearing for several days on end, Peterson sneakily installed a $100 GPS locator, the Matracker, onto his vehicle. And she ultimately discovered that he’d been patronizing a local strip joint. “When I saw that he was at a strip club, I grabbed a brown wig and the stripper shoes I keep in my closet, and went to the club,” she said. After sweet-talking the bouncer into granting her entry, a crudely disguised Peterson — who’d never been to a strip club — explained her plight to a few dancers, who, she said, were more than “happy” to help her bust the bum. “They were like, ‘Oh my God, you have to get onstage, it will be hilarious,’ ” she recalled. Peterson said the women invited her backstage where they “gave me an outfit to wear, a 20-minute [tutorial] on how to work the stage and a drink.” After taking a swig of alcohol, Peterson, donning pink and black lingerie, pranced onstage to a remixed Rihanna song and gave her ex the surprise of his life. “He was in absolute shock when he saw me. He was really pissed,” she remembered. “But I didn’t care, I went to all the other guys, danced in front of them and collect their money.” After “seductively” gyrating for only one song — during which she remained clothed in her bra and panties, and refrained from giving lap dances or getting on the pole — Peterson proudly “flipped” the bird at her dog of an ex. “I said, ‘You’ll never see me again,’ flipped him off and left,” she boasted, adding that the club owners offered her a job before she fled the scene. And, even though she politely passed on the employment offer, Peterson enjoyed a massive sense of empowerment immediately after the ordeal. “I felt great. I think it was a genius way to end things,” she said, noting that her ex has since begun calling her “10 times a day from blocked numbers” in an attempt to reconcile. His annoying antics notwithstanding, Peterson added, “It felt so good to get that ‘women supporting women’ help from the [professional dancers].” And to cyber skeptics who doubt the validity of her titillating breakup tale, she said: “You’re just miserable and jealous that they didn’t come up with this idea themselves.”