To steal a catchphrase from the legendary Samuel L. Jackson, this landlord is “tired of these motherf–kin’ snakes in this motherf–kin'”… house. A UK property owner was left flabbergasted after finding a massive boa constrictor, dead animals, and mountains of trash in the apartment of “nightmare” tenants who claimed to “rescue” animals. The “horrific” incident occurred last year, however, however the owner recently shared footage of the flat in an effort to raise awareness of the problems landlords face. “I’ve never seen anything like it in my life — it was like a rubbish dump with a roof on it,” Phil Tewkesley told Kennedy News of the stomach-churning three-bedroom, one-bathroom bungalow which is located in Kendal, Cumbria. The 47-year-old Manchester native said he’d been struggling for months to evict the occupants — a couple and their teen daughter — who he claims used the pandemic as an “excuse” to deny him entry. Tewkesley, who was in Australia at the time, finally issued the hellions a formal notice to vacate the bungalow upon his return to the UK in late 2020. However, the tenants didn’t leave for another year, and refused to pay rent for the final six months. He was finally able to access the house after they left in December 2021, whereupon he discovered a veritable hoarder house from hell. “It was unbelievable, the sheer volume of, not just belongings, but actual rubbish and food,” exclaimed Tewkesley of the landfill-evoking rental. “The neighbors said they were hoarders — they got deliveries every day and never threw anything out.” Other horrors included a “rotten” carpet rife with mold, urine and mealworms and holes gnawed into the walls, indicating a rodent infestation, Kennedy News reported. Worst was apparently the daughter’s room, which reeked of urine so badly that the landlord’s partner Lisa McCartney, 40, ran “out of the house heaving and retching numerous times,” said Tewkesley. Accompanying footage shows the trash-strewn house of horrors, which evokes the garbage pit scene from “Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope” — right down to the giant serpent. Indeed, the crown jewel of of ghoulish discoveries came when Tewkesley stumbled upon a giant boa constrictor in a dirty tank. “I looked a bit closer into the tank and got the shock of my life — there was this gigantic snake curled up,” described the aghast landlord, who reportedly screamed and ran out of the house due to shock. Ironically, Tewkesley recalled one of the hoarders claiming he had “rescued” a boa constrictor and promising that it would be “well looked after.” And the constrictor wasn’t the only abandoned critter on site. Tewkesley also discovered another live snake as well as a slew of dead exotica, including two serpents, scorpions, a tarantula and other deceased creatures straight out of macabre menagerie. He subsequently called the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA), and rescue volunteers collected both the living and dead critters. The snakes have since been rehomed while an investigation into their alleged mistreatment is currently underway.  After their removal, Tewkesley changed the bungalow’s locks and gave the bad tenants a month to collect their belongings so the real cleanup could begin. All told, it took the landlord, McCartney and some friends a whopping 54 hours to clear all of the garbage and remove the soiled carpets. Tewkesley estimates that both the cleanup and restoration will cost him tens of thousands of dollars. “My insurance won’t cover a penny because in their opinion it’s just the way he lived and they don’t class it as malicious damage and they’ve upped my premium because of my claim,” lamented the beleaguered landlord. In light of the ordeal, Tewkesley is calling for more support for landlords. “I spoke to a solicitor who said the law has been written to protect tenants against rogue landlords but what it really does is protect rogue tenants,” said the man, who has vowed never to rent the property again. He instead plans to convert the bungalow into a vacation home — its original function. In a similarly revolting hoarders story from December, a nightmare tenant in the UK left his house inundated with a mountain of human waste.