While we think marriage has a nice ring to it, planning the ideal wedding can be anything but easy. You have the guest list, outfits, gifts for both groomsmen and bridesmaids and of course, the wedding gown. Though you can’t have your happily ever after without a pair of Cinderella glass slippers. To help make planning your special day a bit easier, we rounded up the best wedding shoes for brides. We pulled from our favorite retailers, such as DSW and Anthropologie. You can find everything from sparkles and ribbon to boots and sandals below. After all, Cinderella herself is proof that the perfect pair of shoes can change your life — and marriage of course. Embrace the romance of the evening with these silky floral shoes. They feature an adjustable ankle strap, a buckle closure, removable tie, satin and silk upper and, of course, full statement florals. You don’t only want to look beautiful on your special day, but you also want to feel comfortable. That’s why we love these Sarah Flint pumps. They have an expanded toe box, anatomical arch support, extra footbed padding and a steel rod stiletto heel. Not to mention, the inside features a scalloped pastel lining for your “something blue.” Heels aren’t for everyone, and with these gorgeous flats, we are more than okay with that. These BLDN flats feature mesh cutouts, Art Deco-inspired crystals, a satin upper and a leather sole. Plus, they’re handmade. Get loud in these sparkly Betsey Johnson finds. After all, it is your day. The pair of shoes are adorned with rhinestones allover the upper, feature teal blue bottoms and are enhanced with a tapered heel for added lift. If you’re planning on wearing your Cinderella slippers all night, you may want to opt for a low heel. These satin heels hit two and a half inches high and are topped with the most romantic bow. You can never go wrong with a classic heel. This Badgley Mischka one features a kitten heel, pointed toe, crystal buckle and a satin upper. Embrace your femininity with these Bella Belle Katy heel. Along with a four inch heel, you can enjoy silky ribbon ties and a silk and leather upper. If you’re looking to wear your wedding heels for years to come, then these are it. Not only do they feature a chunky heel, knotted bow and adjustable ankle strap, but they are also made in a mule design to easily dress up or down. We get it, wedding planning can be expensive! If you’re on the hunt for the best wedding shoe deal, you’ve found it. This white bow heel is elegant, romantic and, well, budget-friendly! You can also look forward to a wide vamp strap and a peep toe. Your wedding should feel 100 percent authentic to you. So, if you’re bold, stylish and unique, you’re going to love these Steve Madden pumps. With rhinestones, metallic studs and a transparent body, you’ll turn your ceremony into a edgy concert. With a pointed closed toe, ankle strap and low heel, these heels are traditional yet stunning. The embellished toe box also adds sparkle to each step. Whether you plan on ditching your heels mid reception or avoiding them altogether, these Keds x Kate Spade glitter sneakers will do the trick. They feature gorgeous glitter and come with both satin and cotton laces. If you’re opting for an ivory wedding, these are the ideal shoes for you. London designer Freya Rose elevates the color even more with these satin heels. Each shoe is embellished with crystals. Further details include a leather sole, a slip-on style and a four inch heel. Show off your toes in these pearl studded sandals. Details include an eggshell color, leather material and stacked heel. These boots were made for walking (down the aisle that is). With lace detailing, a pointed toe and mid-calf height, you’ll be turning heads. Use code DEALS20 to score the discounted price. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.