The NFL championed its see-no-evil, hear-no-evil, speak no-evil policy even long after Jimmy “The Greek” Snyder picked games on “The NFL Today” without mentioning the point spread. Until it could no longer resist the windfall that would come its way by getting into bed with partners DraftKings and FanDuel and Caesars and entering agreements with myriad of apps propagated by a marriage between some of its marquee stars and Las Vegas (BetMGM anyone? Remember when Sin City was forbidden as an NFL team site? Neither do I). Greed is good, right Mr. Gekko? The NFL gambled that its zero-tolerance gambling policy would leave its integrity shield impenetrable. It has, predictably, turned out to be a bad bet. Ever since the Supreme Court struck down the federal law prohibiting sports gambling in 2018, the NFL has been playing with fire. Is it any wonder it got burned? It was inevitable that the siren call of legalized sports gambling now in 30 states and counting would be too much of a temptation for one of its players … or one of MLB’s players … or one of the NBA’s players … or one of the NHL’s players. And it wouldn’t matter if someone such as a Calvin Ridley, star receiver for the Falcons who took a leave of absence on Halloween to tend to his mental health, had $11.1 million coming to him in 2022. It is why commissioner Roger Goodell dropped the hammer on Ridley on Monday with a one-year suspension. It is every commissioner’s and every sport’s worst nightmare that the floodgates could open at any time — no matter how vigilant they may be. “There is nothing more fundamental to the NFL’s success — and to the reputation of everyone associated with our league — than upholding the integrity of the game,” Goodell wrote in a statement. “This is the responsibility of every player, coach, owner, game official, and anyone else employed in the league. Your actions put the integrity of the game at risk, threatened to damage public confidence in professional football, and potentially undermined the reputations of your fellow players throughout the NFL. “For decades, gambling on NFL games has been considered among the most significant violations of league policy warranting the most substantial sanction.” It is incumbent upon the NFL — and every professional sports league — to do more than it has in terms of training and awareness for its players, coaches and administrative staffs. The policy is clear: “All NFL Personnel are prohibited from placing, soliciting, or facilitating any bet, whether directly or indirectly through a third-party on any NFL game, practice or other event. This includes betting on game outcome, statistics, scores, performance of any individual participant or any kind of ‘proposition bet’ on which wagering is offered.” Except Ridley apparently forgot it. Or didn’t care. Or figured that he wouldn’t get caught placing three parlays and betting — according to him — a mere $1,500 on the Falcons to win. The Golden Goose keeps getting fatter — and the NFL expects to generate about $270 million in revenue this year from its betting and gambling deals. Goodell, who can hardly claim the moral high ground, making an example of Ridley is a desperate attempt to send a warning that the Golden Goose must under no circumstances be cooked by any lapse in integrity. It is, of course, impossible to miss those Caesars commercials featuring the Royal Mannings. “There really has been a huge evolution in the way the betting industry has been received, and that change isn’t limited just to the sports world — you’re seeing that across the country, and you’re seeing so many new fans and participants,” Peyton Manning said in November through a Caesars spokesperson. “When we both started playing, a partnership in this space wasn’t something athletes or teams or leagues would have considered, but it’s very different now.” Eli Manning: “Caesars already has a connection with the NFL and ESPN, two companies that we know very well and have worked with so it’s just a natural partnership. The different ways that Caesars has taken our opinion, valued our opinion and our football knowledge is great. Being able to be a part of that and give our input is something we’re really looking forward to doing. And obviously they have emphasized ways for people to be responsible in their gaming by staying in control, which is also so important.” In April 1963, NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle suspended Packers Golden Boy Paul Hornung and Lions star Alex Karras for the ’63 season for betting on their own teams or on other NFL games. “I thought about it at length,” Rozelle said at the time. “The maximum penalty for a player would be suspension for life. That would be for failure to report a bribe attempt or for trying to shave points. This sport has grown so quickly and gained so much of the approval of the American public that the only way it can be hurt is through gambling. I considered this in reaching my decision. I also took into account that the violations of Hornung and Karras were continuing, not casual. They were continuing, flagrant and increasing. Both players had been informed over and over of the league rule on gambling; the rule is posted in every clubhouse in the league, as well. Yet they continued to gamble. I could only exact from them the most severe penalty short of banishment for life.” Goodell certainly has no moral ground to stand on here. But he had to make a strong stand. Calvin Ridley will be able to petition for reinstatement in  2023. So he isn’t Pete Rose . . . yet. Just the first fall guy. But probably not the last. The NFL will be praying that you don’t bet the Over — and win.