Although you may have 838 emojis from which to choose, not one would be professional to use in the workplace. A study recently conducted at Tel Aviv University revealed that workers who frequently utilize emojis and other graphics in their emails were seen as less authoritative. In addition, employees who use pictures rather than words in their messages were found to be less powerful. “Today we are all accustomed to communicating with pictures, and the social networks make it both easy and fun,” the researchers noted in their discoveries. “Our findings, however, raise a red flag: in some situations, especially in a work or business environment, this practice may be costly, because it signals low power.” The study aimed to answer the theory of whether the use of images in emails influences the perception of employees at work. Their conclusion: Caution is warranted. “Our advice: think twice before sending a picture or emoji to people in your organization, or in any other context in which you wish to be perceived as powerful,” the study stated. The research team created several experiments to test their hypothesis. One plan featured candidates joining a Zoom meeting where some participants presented themselves with profile photos that were nonverbal — or didn’t contain words and only contained pictorials, such as a company logo. Other entrants introduced themselves with a readable — or verbal — profile. The participants were then asked to choose one of their peers to represent them in a competition created for people with a higher social power. The results concluded that 62% of applicants chose the person who had presented themselves with a verbal profile. “Why do pictures signal that a sender is low power?” asked study co-writer Dr. Elinor Amit. “Research shows that visual messages are often interpreted as a signal for desire for social proximity,” she said in the report. “A separate body of research shows that less powerful people desire social proximity more than powerful people do.” Amit reiterated the idea that using images and graphics signals that one is “less powerful” in the workplace and people should be aware of the “impression our messages” make on the ones on the receiving end of their memos. “Our findings raise a red flag: when you want to signal power, think twice before sending an emoji or a picture,” she said.