Rep. Tom Suozzi on Tuesday blasted his main opponent in the Democratic primary, Gov. Kathy Hochul, over her new public safety plan, labeling it “phony” because it doesn’t include a measure giving judges power to lock up defendants they deem dangerous before trial. “It’s phony and it does nothing to address the crime problem,” Suozzi (D-Long Island) insisted outside the governor’s Midtown office. “It’s not real. “When there’s no consequences for crime, crime keeps going up,” added Suozzi, a moderate who is a longshot candidate in the June Democratic primary, according to recent polls. Hochul’s 10-point criminal justice blueprint, first reported last week by The Post, is deficient in part because it doesn’t give judges “the discretion to consider dangerousness when determining whether to put offenders behind bars,” Suozzi declared. Suozzi, Mayor Eric Adams and other moderate Democrats, Republicans and judges have for months called on Albany lawmakers to revise state law to impose a “dangerousness” standard to allow judges the power to remand those accused of crime they deem a threat to others. About two-thirds of voters agree that the controversial bail law needs to be overhauled by giving judges the discretion to detain “dangerous” recidivist felons pending trial for a lesser offense, according to a Siena College survey released in February. Under the bail-reform laws signed in 2019 by then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo, judges can no longer order defendants charged with most misdemeanors and non-violent felonies to post bail before being let out. The bail reforms were slightly rolled back in summer 2020, when state lawmakers made a number of charges deemed ineligible for bail under that law “qualifying offenses” again. Following an increase in serious crimes and a series of high-profile offenses committed by recidivists, Hochul proposed a public safety package including changes that will make additional crimes bail eligible in New York. The sweeping blueprint includes a measure that would give judges more discretion to order bail and detain criminal defendants for a host of additional crimes based on their criminal history, including repeat offenders. “For offenses that are not currently subject to arrest, police will have the ability (though not the requirement) to deny a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and arrest an individual who has previously received a DAT within eighteen months. All second offenses within a certain period of time will be bail-eligible,” reads a copy of Hochul’s memo, which she’ll negotiate to include in her $216 billion budget proposal due April 1. “The statute will set forth specific criteria on which judges will base their determinations, including criminal history and history of firearm use/possession.” Crimes against straphangers and transit workers will also be subject to bail, and more gun crimes would also be eligible for bail, according to the memo. But the plan — which Hochul confirmed Monday she presented to top state lawmakers as her position on a slew of criminal justice-related matters — does not allow judges to consider the “dangerousness” of pre-trial defendants before deciding the terms of their release. “Gov. Hochul has treated crime as though it’s an afterthought,” he claimed Tuesday afternoon, “when in reality there is a crisis going on that demands immediate comprehensive action.” Standing with Suozzi at the news conference, Deborah Koenigsberger, owner of Noir et Blanc in Flat Iron, complained of a surge in thefts and said she “never felt as unsafe as I do now.” “I’ve been robbed four times, they’ve broken into the store at all hours of the morning. The police come, they respond, but at the same time, they respond, ‘OK, if we catch these guys you know they’re really not going to do anything,’ because the judges, you know, their power has been restricted,” she fumed. “The daily pilfer and the daily crime – it’s really just up.” “Small businesses everyday are being crushed,” Koenigsberger added. “We cannot afford to all hire security guards to watch out for our merchandise when you have 900 square feet and you can barely afford your two employees.” Additional reporting by Craig McCarthy