With COVID-19 cases on the rise — especially in New York City — investing in a KF94 mask, which boasts four layers of filtration — can make all the difference. As Omicron variant tensions ease, it’s still recommended to wear a protective face covering in certain locales, including museums, highly crowded areas and public transportation. The KF94 mask is most comparable to a hybrid of the medical-grade N95 masks and the more common cotton masks, with four layers of filtration as opposed to three. The “KF” in the name stands for Korea Filter, as that is where the masks originated and are produced for the most part for now. “KF94s seem to be more readily available than the N95, less expensive [generally under $2 each] and easier to use for many people,” Stephen Morse, an epidemiology professor at Columbia University, said to NPR. “KF94 is actually intended for public use. In Korea, they are often worn by ordinary citizens to filter out dust or pollution.” If you can’t hop on a plane to South Korea, don’t fear, as many Korean-made masks are sold on Amazon for U.S. consumers. See below for a few options that vary in color, quantity and size, available to order now. Have a good day with cleaner air with these disposable masks from Good Day. The Korean brand masks have four layers of protection, made of non-woven fabric with elastic earloops to secure the mask to your face. The masks — in a pack of 10 — are unisex adult size and come in black. Stay healthy and well with a KF94 mask from WellBefore. The most popular black variety of the KF94 is back in stock, in addition to the classic white mask. The masks come individually wrapped, remaining sanitary and safe until you unwrap them at home. Made with five layers for ultimate protection, they also come with fully adjustable earloops and a wire nose bridge to keep the mask secured over your nose and mouth. They can be ordered in bulk, starting at just 10 masks for $2.49 each. If you need more masks, opt for a 20-pack from Korean brand KN Flax. The masks come in a classic white color and have four layers of protection with eco-friendly fabric, made for comfort against sensitive skin and easier breathability. The masks are made in Korea but feature English packaging for easy use by US consumers. Keep kids safe, too, with smaller-sized masks with the same level of protection as adult-sized options. From Happy Life, the children’s masks have the same four-layer design and elastic ear straps, coming in a package of 20 disposable masks. They are offered in white and are made with an eco-friendly fabric to lessen any irritation on kids’ skin. For unbeatable protection, you can’t go wrong with a bundle of five for only $10. Sold on Amazon, the five-pack boasts four-layer protection to filter the air around you while the non-woven fabric is soft against the skin for long periods of wear. If you’re looking to buy face masks in bulk, you’ve come to the right place. SumFree offers a 30-pack for less than $35, featuring an adjustable hook closure for all its Korean-made disposable masks. What’s more, the brand also offers a 540-pack — which is undeniably handy if you work in a medical facility — for $519. Here’s a new take on the drab medical-blue and white masks. This multicolor 50-pack — yes, that many — is only $30 and comes in handy to protect you from the Omicron variant all season long. Plus, they’re too adorable to pass up. Available in multiple colors, Vernassa’s KF94 Masks come in a 50-pack that will last you well over a month. Not to mention, they’ll well protect you with the Omicron variant — only costing $15 for the bundle. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content