Tinted moisturizers are ideal for anyone who wants to achieve the perfect “no makeup” makeup look. They’re usually lightweight, easy to blend in and give just enough coverage to make your skin glowy without looking cakey. “Tinted moisturizer is basically a sheer foundation. So if you like a lovely sheer wash over your skin and not a full coverage then [tinted moisturizer] is the product for you,” celebrity makeup Charlotte Hayward told The Post. “They are great for giving a light coverage so your skin tone looks more unified [and healthier] without looking like you’re wearing makeup — this [also] makes them quite foolproof to apply.” Ahead, find a handful of expert-approved tinted moisturizers for a variety of skin types including oily, dry and sensitive as well as formulas for anti-aging all at different price points. Brands include Chanel, Laura Mercier, L’Oreal and more. If you’re working with a small budget, you can’t go wrong with the L’Oreal Paris Cosmetics Visible Lift Luminous Serum Tint. “This is a great tinted moisturizer for tired skin, as it creates radiance [and] diminishes fine lines and wrinkles,” Australian makeup artist Tobi Henney, who has worked with Megan Fox, Ashley Graham, Ellie Golding, Shanina Shaik and brands like Diane Von Furstenberg, Victoria’s Secret, Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton and others, told The Post. “This tinted moisturizer will [also] keep your skin looking fresh all day long.” This L’Oreal Serum Tint is sheer, hydrating and enriched with hydrating ingredients like Vitamin E. It will deliver instant hydration to dull, tired skin while improving the skin instantly and over time. Incorporating SPF into any and all of your skincare and makeup products is always a good idea. If you’re on the hunt for a luxurious tinted moisturizer with UV protection, give this Chanel one a try. “Chanel makes some of my favorite [face products and] this is no exception,” said Hayward, whose client list includes Emma Watson, Kate Hudson, Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, Alicia Keys, Zoey Deutch and many more. “[The] coverage is light but [has] a lovely wash and if you use a darker shade [it will] warm up your face without much effort.” The Chanel Les Beiges Moisturizing Tint has a SPF 30, gives a glowing, light finish and applies best with your fingertips. The Laura Mercier Oil-Free Tinted Moisturizer is offered in a wide variety of shades and is ideal for those who struggle with oily skin. “This tinted moisturizer has a light, matte finish [and is] perfect for oily skin as is oil-free and has a hint of color,” Henney said. The lightweight formula, which has more than 5,000 reviews on Sephora.com, helps control oil breakthrough and provides ideal protection from the sun’s harmful, damaging rays with broad-spectrum SPF 20 sunscreen incorporated. “I created this product because I wanted to give skin a fresh, healthy, no-makeup look with a soft hint of color that evens and enhances without hiding the skin,” Laura Mercier explained, according to the Sephora website. When it comes to dry skin, celebrity makeup artist Katie Mellinger, who works regularly with Emma Watson, AnnaSophia Robb, Leona Lewis and more, raves about the Kosas Tinted Face Oil. “I love [the] Kosas Tinted Face Oil for dry skin. [It’s] full of yummy, hydrating oils,” Mellinger told The Post. “This unique oil-based tint provides beautiful sheer coverage that is buildable if needed [and because] it’s oil-based, there is more slip in the formula, which glides over dry skin more easily.” Key ingredients include avocado oil for moisture, meadow-foam oil for plumping, red raspberry oil for repairing, jojoba oil for soothing, camellia seed oil for nourishing and rose-hip seed oil for brightening. Mellinger also recommends the Iris & Romeo Best Skin Days for mature skin and pretty much every other type of skin type as well. “It blends beautifully, making it a perfect option for mature skin because it won’t pool into pores or fine lines. I particularly love that it contains both Rosa Damascena extract which boosts collagen and helps with anti-aging,” Mellinger said. “It also looks gorgeous, dewy, and fresh on the skin. I use it on myself. Needless to say, I’m obsessed. At $64 dollars a jar — kudos to the glass packaging — it’s a bit of a splurge, but a little goes a long way and it’s well worth it.” The Best Skin Days has a five-in-one formula that includes serum, moisturizer, foundation, sunscreen and blue light pollution protector and the unique gel-like texture easily applies to the face with your fingers, per Mellinger’s recommendation. Since tinted moisturizers usually have sheer coverage, finding something that’s thicker can be a challenge. Nevertheless, the IT Cosmetics CC+ Cream is a great option for those wanting more coverage but who don’t want the thickness of a full-on foundation. An added benefit is the wide shade range. “Most tinted moisturizers only provide sheer to medium coverage, but if you need something with more pigment, the It Cosmetics CC+ Cream with SPF 50 is your best choice,” Mellinger said. “Beyond the high SPF content and moisturizing benefits, it contains niacin which is awesome for reducing inflammation, therefore, correcting redness and acne pigmentation. It’s like having a full coverage foundation with a boost of skincare, which is hard to beat.” Henney also raved about this IT Cosmetics product: “This is such an amazing tinted moisturizer [since] it has full coverage and is perfect for anyone with not so perfect skin. It’s also super hydrating and long-lasting.” Hayward, Mellinger and Henney all recommended the Ilia Super Serum Skin Tint for those looking for a clean tinted moisturizer. “If you’re on that clean beauty train, look no further than Ilia Super Serum Skin Tint SPF 40,” Mellinger said. “As the name implies, it’s more of a serum than a moisturizer, but it contains hyaluronic acids which are fantastic for retaining skin moisture.” “It has plant-based squalane, which boosts hydration and collagen, fights free radicals, and helps with skin pigmentation. The sunscreen in it is non-nano Zinc Oxide, [which is] great for sensitive skin and reef-friendly,” Mellinger added. “If you’re particularly sensitive, this is a good one to try as it’s silicone-free, fragrance-free, oil-free, and non-comedogenic. Plus it has a wide range of shades which I always love to see in any foundation.” “This product plumps the skin and [gives you] beautiful, natural, dewy skin with clean coverage. It is a natural beauty brand which is packaged with beautiful ingredients for the skin,” Henney added. While I’m no beauty expert, as a commerce writer, I try out hundreds of products a year. When it comes to a makeup base, I keep finding myself reaching for the Glossier Perfecting Skin Tint. For those who just want a dash of coverage, this product is for you. It adds a very sheer layer of color but I find it gives the perfect amount to layer a powder, bronzer and blush for an everyday look. You also can’t beat the price tag and plethora of shades available. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.