Should Aaron Rodgers want a divorce from the Packers after 17 seasons, the Broncos are all but waiting at the door to solidify a new union. Denver is said to be “all-in” in its chase to land the league’s reigning MVP, according to ESPN, as Rodgers nears a decision about his NFL future. The Broncos will also reportedly “do what’s necessary on the contract front” to make a deal with Rodgers work. On Monday, however, ESPN reported that the Packers have made “a significant long-term contract offer” to Rodgers that “would alter the quarterback market.” Although the specifics are unclear, Green Bay is currently more than $27 million over the cap and, per the current deal, Rodgers is a $46.7 million hit for 2022, according to Spotrac. The 38-year-old, meanwhile, has been linked to the Broncos for some time. And given Denver hired Green Bay’s offensive coordinator, Nathaniel Hackett, to replace Vic Fangio as head coach, a leap to the AFC West wouldn’t be far-fetched. The quarterback — who likely escaped some chatter about his future Saturday at teammate David Bakhtiari’s wedding — is said to be “truly torn” on what he wants next, NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reported Friday. Although Green Bay has “not engaged in any trade scenarios” regarding Rodgers, per ESPN, Denver is believed to be a potential landing spot, in addition to Pittsburgh and Tennessee, according to Pro Football Talk. With the new league year slated to begin March 16, the Packers’ front office is hopeful they’ll receive word about what Rodgers intends to do before then. “There’s a lot of decisions that have to be made before that,” Green Bay general manager Brian Gutekunst said at the NFL Scouting Combine last week. “So that would be helpful. But I would think we know something before that.” Rodgers wrapped the 2021 regular season by throwing for 4,115 yards with 37 touchdowns and four interceptions in 16 starts. He and the Packers were bounced out of the Divisional Round of the playoffs by the 49ers in January.