This far-out house is stuck on the flip-side. Rotterdam, Netherlands resident Witske Sikma has always adored the aesthetic of the 1970s and has spent years turning her home into an homage to the decade’s distinct look. The result is a tightly curated time capsule back to the era, complete with items new and old. “I just love the colors and shapes for the ‘70s period, they’re so beautiful, they just bring an overwhelming happiness to whatever room they decorate. The shapes and patterns are really unique, and I’ve been painting and re-creating the styles everywhere I’ve lived for the past 30 years!” Sikma, 57, told Caters News of her passion. “I’ve collected everything from dresses to ashtrays, cushion covers and old telephones.” The assistant charity manager counts in her collection pieces she acquired in the 1970s as a child, when her obsession began, as well as plenty of fresh finds from thrift shops and other second-hand stores. Highlights from her three-bedroom include shag rugs galore, a pair of orange chairs she’s had “as long as I can remember,” an orange antique radio set, novelty bowls and a retro television converted into a cat bed. In her closet, there are plenty of ‘70s-style vintage floral dresses and on the walls are DIY patterned hangings Sikma made herself. “[Sometimes] I will just cut a square out of a piece of fabric or wallpaper that I like and hang it up like a piece of art,” she explained. Other homemade additions to the highly dig-able surrounds include a floating wall rack she made and installed between two chimneys and curtains, box covers, cushions and stools made out of ‘70s-style cloth bits. “There’s nothing better than putting together something beautiful out of wood and creating something that you can’t buy new in the store,” said the thrifty homeowner, adding she eschews expensive finds and only buys affordable ‘70s mementos or makes them herself. Her maximalist paradise is so lovingly made, she sometimes has people reach out about doing photoshoots in her home — and guests are always impressed. Still, the project is an ongoing one she admitted will never be finished. “It’s taken me years to decorate my home as a tribute to the ‘70s, but it will never be finished,” said Sikma.