On the March 1995 morning that her father was shot to death, Allegra Gucci’s life fell apart. Maurizio Gucci, handsome scion to the Gucci luxury goods empire, was murdered by a hitman on the steps of his Milan office — at the order of Patrizia Reggiani, his ex-wife and the mother of his two daughters. Allegra was 14 at the time, and her sister Alessandra was 18. Now, angered by Hollywood director Ridley Scott’s portrayal of her family in last year’s “House of Gucci,” Allegra, 40, has written a book about those “difficult” years, translated from Italian (“Fine dei Giochi”) as “Game Over.” Released Tuesday, it’s the first time she has publicly spoken about her father’s murder and her mother’s sensational 1997 arrest and trial. “My life and that of my sister Alessandra has been a continuous re-enactment of those facts,” said Allegra in a recent interview with the Italian daily Corriere della Sera. “Every time we talked about it, there was that horrible photograph: Maurizio Gucci lifeless, in a pool of blood in the atrium of a building on Via Palestro. Nobody ever wondered what we felt. And I have not spoken so far because I was under the illusion that one day oblivion would fall on everything and that I would have room for myself. Today, at 40, I know this will never end.” Allegra told the newspaper that she decided to write the book after the release of “House of Gucci,” which she calls “a bad caricature” of the events that shaped her life. She claims that Scott’s film depicts her father, played by Adam Driver, as “weak, spoiled.” It’s all false, she said, adding that her father was a hard worker and a brilliant businessman. And her mother, now 73, “never would have crashed a party” as portrayed by Lady Gaga. “My mother was a beautiful and elegant woman,” she continued. “I owe it to my father, who no longer has a voice, and to my two children,” she told Corriere della Sera of the decision to speak her piece. “I would like them, as they grow up, to draw on the facts told by their mother.” Allegra and her sister, who are together worth more than $400 million, also had to contend with the facts as told to them by their own mother who, after her acrimonious divorce from Maurizio in 1994, was prohibited from using the Gucci name. Reggiani, dubbed the “black widow” by Italian media, was sentenced to 29 years in prison in 1998. She was released in 2016. “I was sure of [Reggiani’s] innocence,” Allegra told Corriere della Sera. “That intense conviction sustained me as I took packages to prison, the years I spent visiting her, studying the trials, trying to bring to light her innocence once and for all.” But Allegra, who said she was inspired to study law to help Reggiani after her conviction, said her beliefs were shattered when Reggiani seemed to admit to her guilt in a TV appearance in 2014. “Patrizia, why did you hire a hitman to kill Maurizio Gucci? Why didn’t you shoot him yourself?” asked a reporter. “My eyesight is not so good,” Patrizia answered. “I didn’t want to miss.” “She half-admitted it,” said Allegra, adding that three years before her father’s murder, her mother underwent surgery for a brain tumor in 1992 that seemed to change her personality. “I called her and asked for an explanation. Finally, she admitted: ‘Everything I did, I did for you two.’ So she had done something. I felt a void beneath my feet, an abyss.” In the 2021 People Magazine docu-series “The Shocking True Story Behind the House of Gucci Murder,” Reggiani said, “I’m not innocent, but I’m not guilty.” “My mother is the opposite of a moth,” Allegra told Corriere della Sera. “She is attracted to darkness.” “I have no truth, but a certainty: my mother was a good woman, yet very vulnerable,” she said. “I’m not a fool who absolves her of everything, and certainly one of her faults was that of trusting disreputable people. Then there is that tumor … which, who knows, perhaps has altered her critical sense.” In 2004, the sisters tried to campaign for a retrial of the murder, arguing that Reggiani was “not in command of her mental faculties at the time of the murder.” Despite all of the trauma, Allegra said she is now trying to reconcile with her mother. “Hatred wears out,” she said. “I want to rebuild, not destroy.”