Did you take part in the Great Resignation? As lovely as it is to quit a thankless gig, it probably means it’s time to find another. If you hate the repetitive nature of the job application process, which often results in no response anyway, it might be time to call in some backup. LazyApply Job Application can help, letting you apply to multiple jobs with one single click. And right now you can purchase a lifetime subscription to this genius tool for just $46.90 with coupon code DOWNLOADNOW during our Best of Digital Sale. Job applicants know the tedious chore that is applying to job after job. Imagine the time you could save if you were able to apply to multiple jobs with just one click! You could use that time to invest in yourself, learning new skills, and making yourself an even more attractive job candidate with help from the LazyApply Job Application extension that easily installs on Google Chrome. The LazyApply Job Application saves you precious hours of your life by automating the job application process on popular job search sites like LinkedIn, Indeed, and more. Just save all your information with LazyApply Job once and then let it do the work for you, applying to up to 150 job apps every day and increasing your chances of landing a coveted interview. Your lifetime subscription includes unlimited LinkedIn profile emails and day wise analytics that will analyze your job application performance on a daily basis. You’ll also get access to a consultation call once a week to check in and see how you’re doing and figure out better application strategies, if needed. CV improvement tips are also included, helping you craft a resume that stands out from the pack. With 4.5 stars on the Chrome Web Store, customers are loving the convenience of this time-saving tool. Heather raved, “It helps me save a lot of time and not have to do anything at all!” And Attila shared, “Great extension! Been looking for something like this for a while, finally found it!” Get a lifetime subscription to LazyApply Job Application for $46.90 with coupon code DOWNLOADNOW during the Best of Digital Sale for a limited time. Prices subject to change.