Texas Southern and Indiana punched their tickets to the Big Dance Tuesday, leaving two spots to fill in the final field. Those spots will be decided Wednesday in Dayton in two contests – Bryant vs. Wright State and Rutgers vs. Notre Dame. The winner of the former will go on to face #1 seed Arizona, while the latter winner travels to face #6 seed Alabama. Wright State and Notre Dame arrive as the favorites to advance from Dayton, but I’m choosing to target a total from each game for my best bet. Let’s dive in. This represents the highest total on the board amongst the four Dayton contests, and there’s reasoning behind that. Defense is optional for this Bryant team that simultaneously tends to fall in love with shots from three-point land and try to push the pace on offense. The Bulldogs are fourth among tournament teams in percentage of shots that came from deep – nearly 44 percent – and in pace, per sports-reference.com. Per 40 minutes, Bryant averages nearly 73 possessions, the 22nd-best mark in the land.  That said, the Bulldogs own the 15th-worst opponent offensive rating among teams in the tournament and the third-worst adjusted defensive efficiency rating among that same group, per kenpom.com. But don’t expect Wright State to come out looking like a defensive juggernaut. The Raiders possess the WORST adjusted defensive efficiency rating among the field of 68 and allow the 18th-worst three-point field goal percentage in the field. Like Bryant, Wright State also likes to play an up-tempo pace as it ranks 21st in the field in terms of pace. So, casual observers of this contest should expect quick possessions and lots of shot attempts. I lean ever so slightly to Wright State as a side – the last piece of info worth mentioning about Bryant is it ranks 19th-worst in the field in turnover percentage – but this game feels like a dead over to me. Be sure to shop around and find the best line – we’re showing 155’s still available – but my best bet for this contest is over 155.5 points. This matchup is the polar opposite of the Wright State-Bryant game, evidenced by a much lower total. Neither of these teams look to get out in transition and instead focus on defending well. Both Notre Dame and Rutgers rank in the bottom-20 in the field in terms of overall pace (per kenpom.com) while simultaneously ranking in the top half of the field in adjusted defensive efficiency (also per kenpom.com). The other element worth considering in this contest is that neither team goes particularly deep. Only five Rutgers players average more than 20 minutes per game while only seven players for the Fighting Irish clear the same benchmark. That could lead to some tired legs late in the game, leading to fewer made shots. I’m also encouraged by the recent defensive performances of Rutgers, which have been inconsistent at best this season. However, head coach Steve Pikiell’s squad has posted above-average points/game totals in two of its last three contests. I also expect Rutgers’ size will further exacerbate a key problem for the Fighting Irish. Per hoop-math.com, head coach Mike Brey’s squad sits 125th nationally in field-goal percentage at the rim and 154th in effective field goal percentage. For those reasons, I once again find myself steering clear of both sides – the lean is to Rutgers for me – and instead will back under 133.5 points.