The Mets had already addressed the starting rotation and outfield, most notably, before the lockout was instituted on Dec. 2, but were far from finished. In signing Max Scherzer, Starling Marte, Mark Canha and Eduardo Escobar, the Mets increased the 2022 payroll to $265 million, but all indications are general manager Billy Eppler, with Steve Cohen’s checkbook at his disposal, isn’t finished adding. Here is a primer on the decisions facing the Mets as spring training prepares to begin in Port St. Lucie, Fla: Remaining free-agent decisions Michael Conforto is still on the market, and the Mets might be open to a reunion with the outfielder if he’s open to a short contract. The Yankees and Diamondbacks were among the teams showing the most interest in Conforto before the lockout, according to a source. The addition of the universal DH will create enough flexibility for the Mets to justify the re-signing of Conforto, who slumped badly last season. The Mets still have vacancies in the bullpen and were in touch with Jeurys Familia’s camp before the lockout, according to a source. Familia was a mostly dependable presence in the setup role last season and would be a lower-cost veteran joining Edwin Diaz, Trevor May and Seth Lugo if the Mets decide to go that route. Positions of need Even with Scherzer’s addition on a three-year contract worth $130 million, the Mets still need at least one more proven arm to join Jacob deGrom, Taijuan Walker and Carlos Carrasco. Ideally, David Peterson and Tylor Megill would serve as rotation depth. If not Conforto, the Mets could probably use another bat in the lineup. Kyle Schwarber is among the sexiest names on the free-agent market. Trades to watch Jeff McNeil, Dominic Smith and J.D. Davis are all trade candidates, with it possible as many as two of the three could be dealt in an attempt to add pitching and another bat. Oakland left-hander Sean Manaea could be a piece the Mets seek in a trade that involves at least one of the aforementioned pieces. The Reds have right-handers Luis Castillo and Sonny Gray as trade possibilities. If the Mets don’t secure a bat through free agency, could a trade that brings third baseman Josh Donaldson and closer Taylor Rogers from Minnesota to Queens be the best route? These are scenarios Eppler and manager Buck Showalter have had months to ponder. The time to decide has arrived