There’s no one on Earth who loves Dolly Parton more than Kelly Clarkson. The “American Idol” alum, 39, honored the country music icon, 76, with a moving rendition of the song “I Will Always Love You” at the 2022 ACM Awards on Monday evening. Clarkson rocked a long-sleeved black gown for the performance at the ceremony, held at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas. After the “Miss Independent” singer sweetly sang a cover of the late Whitney Houston track, Parton came out on stage and greeted Clarkson. “Give it up for Dolly Parton,” Clarkson exclaimed as she left the stage. “I know that Whitney is smiling down on us tonight, so thank you very much — she would be proud of that,” Parton told the audience. “I was backstage trying not to cry my false eyelashes off — slinging snot in every direction and tears,” the “9 to 5” actress continued. “But anyway, that was an amazing job!” Recently, Parton spoke about “I Will Always Love You” and how she nearly crashed her car the first time she heard the late Houston sing the song, which became one of the all-time biggest singles. Parton also revealed she earned about $10 million in royalties in the 1990s, which she used to help a black neighborhood in Nashville. Last month, Clarkson announced on Instagram that she would be performing a special tribute to Parton at the ceremony. “One word: DOLLY. That’s right, y’all! I’m so excited to announce that during this year’s @ACMawards, I’ll be performing a tribute to the show’s host @DollyParton! Don’t miss the #ACMawards LIVE Monday, March 7,” she wrote at the time. The 57th Academy of Country Music Awards was hosted by Parton with co-hosts Jimmie Allen and Gabby Barrett helping her out. Aside from Clarkson, other A-list performers who took the stage on Monday included Eric Church, Jason Aldean, Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Thomas Rhett and Maren Morris. Here is the full list of winners from the 2022 ACM Awards. Eric Church Luke Combs Miranda Lambert Chris Stapleton Carrie Underwood Gabby Barrett Miranda Lambert Ashley McBryde Maren Morris Carly Pearce Jimmie Allen Luke Combs Thomas Rhett Chris Stapleton Morgan Wallen Carly Pearce — “29: Written In Stone” Thomas Rhett — “Country Again: Side A” Morgan Wallen — “Dangerous: The Double Album” Chris Young — “Famous Friends” Jack Ingram, Jon Randall and Miranda Lambert — “The Marfa Tapes” “Buy Dirt” — Jordan Davis and Luke Bryan “Famous Friends” — Chris Young and Kane Brown “Fancy Like” — Walker Hayes “If I Didn’t Love You” — Jason Aldean and Carrie Underwood “You Should Probably Leave” — Chris Stapleton “7 Summers” — Morgan Wallen “Buy Dirt” — Jordan Davis and Luke Bryan “Fancy Like” — Walker Hayes “Knowing You” — Kenny Chesney “Things a Man Oughta Know” — Lainey Wilson Tenille Arts Priscilla Block Lily Rose Caitlyn Smith Lainey Wilson Hardy Walker Hayes Ryan Hurd Parker McCollm Elvie Shane “Buy Dirt” — Jordan Davis and Luke Bryan “Famous Friends” — Chris Young and Kane Brown “Half of My Hometown” — Kelsea Ballerini and Kenny Chesney “If I Didn’t Love You” — Jason Aldean and Carrie Underwood “Never Wanted to Be That Girl” — Carly Pearce and Ashley McBryde Brooks & Dunn Brothers Osborne Dan + Shay LoCash Maddie & Tae Songwriter of the Year Jesse Frasure Nicolle Galyon Ashley Gorley Michael Hardy Josh Osborne Lady A Little Big Town Midland Old Dominion The Cadillac Three “Drunk (And I Don’t Wanna Go Home)” — Elle King and Miranda Lambert “Famous Friends” — Chris Young and Kane Brown “I Bet You Think About Me (Taylor’s Version)” — Taylor Swift and Chris Stapleton “If I Didn’t Love You” — Jason Aldean and Carrie Underwood “Never Wanted to Be That Girl” — Carly Pearce and Ashley McBryde