Kelly Stafford is keeping it real with her “Morning After” listeners, even recalling the time she went under the knife and wound up with the “worst boob job” as a result. During Tuesday’s episode of her popular podcast, the wife of Super Bowl-winning quarterback Matthew Stafford detailed the past procedure, which she had done around age 19, as well as the fallout. “I saved up a ton of money, I did some stuff in high school, I worked in high school, birthday money, all that stuff,” Kelly said. “I went and got a boob job, and Matthew was totally against this. He was like, ‘Do not do it, please don’t do it,’ and I was like, ‘Listen, love you, but I wanted this for a long time, and this is about me, not about you.’ Went and got it — y’all, it was the worst boob job you have ever seen.” Kelly likened the result to having “two balloons on her chest,” not to mention local media suggesting that Stafford, who was selected by the Lions in 2009, had paid for the surgery. “The Detroit media realized and started saying that Matthew paid for a boob job for his girlfriend,” she said. “And immediately, I was like, ‘Hold on, now. I paid for it myself… I bought these boobs, one, and two, if he bought them, they would have been far better.'” Kelly, who shares four children with Stafford, noted that while she has since had adjustments, she didn’t change the enhancements right away. “I went into him a couple months later and was like, ‘These suck,’ and he was like, ‘It’s just cause you’re very muscular, you have to give them time to settle, gravity will pull them down.’ Girl, gravity did not pull them down. A year later, I went back in and I said, ‘Yo, same s—t.'” Kelly shared. In a clip shared Wednesday on Kelly’s Instagram page for “The Morning After,” the post was captioned, “And honestly.. they are very overrated. Should have listened to matthew per the usual.” It’s been a hectic few weeks for the Staffords, who recently celebrated the Rams’ Super Bowl 2022 win over the Bengals. Kelly added on Tuesday’s podcast how the couple and their daughters are getting back into the swing of things after a whirlwind of festivities. “Now it’s like, we’re back home, the girls are back to school on a regular schedule, and it’s kind of set in, ‘OK, offseason’s here, he just won the Super Bowl, pretty awesome, but now it’s back to being parents and real life,” she said.