Don’t underestimate the power of sleep. For instance, did you know that going to bed at a certain time can decrease your risk for heart problems? With daylight saving time just around the corner, now’s the perfect time to establish a good nighttime routine for your health and healing and prevent the otherwise inevitable sleep disruptions. If you’re someone who tosses and turns before falling asleep or struggles with insomnia, there’s an app for that. Restflix: Restful Sleep Streaming uses proven technology to help you happily drift off to dreamland. And right now you can grab a one-year subscription to this game-changing service for just $29.99 (50% off), a three-year subscription for $59.99 (66% off), or a lifetime subscription for $149.99 (74% off), for a limited time.  Curious how this app works? Restflix employs a proven and exciting technology called binaural beats, which can alter the brain’s degree of arousal to help you relax and fall asleep. The app includes over 10 live channels filled with different options — from bedtime stories to sleep meditations to calming visuals and binaural beats — all geared toward putting you in a meditative, restful state. There’s also content for kids, which could be a game changer during the tough daylight saving transition. Access Restflix on major platforms like Apple TV, iOS, Roku, Android or Fire TV. Your subscription is ad-free, provides you unlimited content and is updated with new content every week. Aside from helping with sleep, it can also help lower your everyday stress by providing relaxing content to help you chill out anytime. Livestrong named Restflix The “Best Sleep App to Drift Off To,” and Entrepreneur raved, “You don’t have to struggle to sleep each night and drag through each day. Get the best sleep of your life with Restflix.” You’ll quickly see why it has scored a 4.5 stars on the App Store from happy (and well rested!) users. Improve your sleep quality with Restflix. Get a one year subscription for $29.99 (50% off), a three year subscription for $59.99 (66% off), or a lifetime subscription for $149.99 (74% off), for a limited time. Prices subject to change.