One of New York’s biggest personalities is leaving the city. Bethenny Frankel has finally scored a buyer for her Manhattan loft, The Post can report. An offer was made on Feb. 12, and a contract was signed — but the sale remains pending. Now, the powerhouse entrepreneur, philanthropist and “Real Housewives of New York City” queen is closing a very big chapter in her life — namely New York City. “Her residences will be in the Hamptons and Connecticut,” Jill Fritzo, who reps Frankel told The Post. Although, she is still only a drive away from the Big Apple, this will mark the first time the former reality star and low-calorie alcohol creator will not have a residence in the city. But Fritzo assures local fans that Frankel will still socialize and have “a presence” in NYC. Initially listing the Soho pad last April for $6.95 million, Frankel was forced to take it off the market five months later after being unable to entice a buyer. The home went back on the market for the same price at the start of December. The final sale price of the loft has not yet been determined, but it is expected that the prospective buyer landed a better deal with Frankel. While she won’t be walking away with quite the full asking price, she is still set to make a hefty profit. Frankel, 51, purchased the over 4,000-square-foot property in 2017 for $4.2 million. Pegged as a “fully reimagined full floor designer loft,” features include a key-locked elevator that opens out to the foyer and leads to an open kitchen and great room. The great room boasts 11-foot ceilings and oversized windows, the listing states. The kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances and a central island with a book-matched waterfall marble countertop that seats six. The formal living room comes with a stone-clad bar. Other features include a home office, laundry room and oversized primary suite with a sitting area, beauty room and walk-in closet. The building’s amenities include a newly installed video intercom system, full-time super and a rooftop terrace. The move to re-list her New York City pad comes a day after a judge ruled she no longer had to pay child support to ex Jason Hoppy on Dec. 8. An insider told The Post that Frankel does not own a place in Boston, where her fiancé Paul Bernon lives, but visits him there. Meanwhile, she has been renovating and perfecting her Connecticut property. “She will live in Connecticut and when it’s summer or the weather gets hot, she will head out to the Hamptons,” the source said. “I’m sure she will be back in New York City again. Just with the pandemic and everything else going on, it just won’t be now.”