Madeleine Albright, the first female US secretary of state, died Wednesday following a battle with cancer, her family said. She was 84. “We are heartbroken to announce that Dr. Madeleine K. Albright, the 64th Secretary of State and the first woman to hold that position, passed away earlier today,” her family said in a statement. “She was surrounded by family and friends. We have lost a loving mother, grandmother, sister, aunt and friend.” Albright was a central figure in President Bill Clinton’s administration. She was named US ambassador to the United Nations when Clinton first took office in 1993 before becoming America’s top diplomat from 1997 to 2001. At the time, she was the highest-ranking woman in the history of US government. As secretary of state, Albright actively promoted the expansion of NATO and military intervention in Kosovo. In 2012, President Barack Obama gave Albright the Presidential Medal of Freedom, saying she was an inspiration to all Americans. “The impact that she has had on this building is felt every single day in just about every single corridor,” State Department spokesperson Ned Price said. “Of course, she was a trailblazer as the first female secretary of state and quite literally opened doors for a large element of our workforce.” Price added that President Biden, who is en route to Europe, had been informed of her passing. Albright was outspoken throughout the years – even after leaving office. She was fond of telling people: “There’s a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other.” Albright once slammed President George W. Bush for using “the shock of force” rather than alliances to foster diplomacy and also criticized him for driving away moderate Arab leaders and creating the potential for a dangerous rift with European allies. A native of Prague, Albright came to the US as a refugee back in 1948 “and rose to the heights of American policy-making”, her family said. Albright attended Wellesley College in Massachusetts and got a doctorate from Columbia University. She could speak six languages, including Czech, French, Polish, Russian and English. Albright had three daughters with her newspaper heir husband, Joseph Medill Patterson Albright. They were married for more than 20 years before divorcing in 1982.