The Issue: Manhattan Judge April Newbauer’s decision to release a murder suspect without bail. We shouldn’t be surprised that the crime problem is getting so much worse when we have anti-police and anti-victim “judges” like April Newbauer and Naita Semaj on the bench (“Even a ‘Killer’ Gets No Bail,” Editorial, March 11). Newbauer released a career criminal named Eugene Clark without bail, even though he was caught on video robbing and assaulting an elderly man who later died of his injuries, and Semaj criticized two police officers for arresting a person for possessing an illegal gun, even though one of the officers was shot by that gun. The crime problem will never be solved until such incompetent and unprofessional “judges” are replaced by ones who care about police officers and crime victims. John Francis Fox Sunnyside Mayor Adams’ attempt to restore law and order has been undermined — not only by those lunkhead Democratic leaders in the state Legislature who have refused to have Adams’ back on reforming the no-bail law and by soft-on-crime social justice warrior district attorneys, but also by these let-’em-loose judges. Bronx Judge Naita Semaj twistedly gives the benefit of doubt to miscreant criminals like drill rapper Camrin Williams. New York City is in a world of hurt because its out-of-control crime problem is being pushed under the rug by bleeding-heart buffoons. James Hyland Beechhurst It’s time to add Judge Newbauer to the list of judicial morons who release violent criminal offenders back onto the streets without bail, further diminishing the quality of life in the city. Newbauer’s release of Eugene Clark, who was charged with involvement in the beating death of another man, defies logic. This was not his first offense. Does this judge not care about the tidal wave of violent crime that has occurred in the city over the past two years, or does she think it’s compassionate to let these criminals out to satisfy some woke ideology? This isn’t compassion, it’s stupidity. Robert DiNardo Farmingdale Newbauer released Eugene Clark, who allegedly attacked a 67-year-old man, Ramon Luna, in September 2020. Luna died from his injuries. How can these judges keep letting these criminals out on the streets? These criminals know how soft the system is on crime, and they just keep doing what they want to do. Clark allegedly killed a man, and because of that, he should be in jail. But he’s walking the streets. Is there no justice? Rob Johann Queens The Issue: The sentencing of Jussie Smollett after he was found guilty of staging a hate crime against himself. Why is Kim Foxx still Chicago’s top prosecutor (“Fears of Jussie as a jail ‘Jeffrey,’ ” March 12)? She is clearly not fit for the job. She was grossly negligent in dropping the charges against Smollett. Then — after Smollett was ultimately tried, convicted and sentenced — she has the gall to call the case a “failure of justice.” She should be embarrassed by her failure to do her job. It’s satisfying to see that Smollett is getting some form of justice. Matthew Veralli Manhattan Finally, a judge has the guts to put a Hollywood moron who thinks he’s above the law in a cell. Smollett broke numerous laws. He took hundreds of police hours away from real victims. Fame is not a get-out-of-jail-free card. Storm Destro Bayonne, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.