In advance of Monday’s NBA slate tipping off, the Action Network has tracked which games are attracting the most meaningful wagers. The Action Network’s PRO Report designates five factors that separate true edges and give bettors extra insights before placing these wagers. What factors get tracked? It’s simple: sharps’ actions, big money bets, systems impacting a game, model projections, and expert bets. In advance of tonight’s card, here are the sides and totals garnering attention based on these five factors. The Wizards opened as 12-point underdogs to the Warriors and have stayed there, but a number of the aforementioned factors have gone in its favor. The Action Network has tracked both sharp and big money coming in on the visitors, who despite receiving only 25 percent of bets have simultaneously received 91 percent of the money. Additionally, Action Network model projections suggest the Wizards line is slightly inflated. According to power ratings, the Wizards should be closer to a nine-point underdog Monday in the Bay Area.  The Cavaliers opened as five-point home favorites, but sharp action on the hosts has pushed its line up to seven. In addition to receiving the sharp action, big money bettors are hammering the Cavs. The betting percentages are split down the middle at 50 percent apiece, but the hosts have received 78 percent of the handle. Finally, one Action Network PRO system is aligned with the Cavaliers. The “Tickets vs. Money” system gives an edge to teams that have a 10 percent difference between tickets and money, which applies to Cleveland. Interestingly, the line movement has triggered one of the five factors (model projection) in favor of the Clippers. According to Action Network power ratings, the visitors should be five-point underdogs, giving about two points of value on the current line. The opening line on the total in this game was 232.5, but sharp action has seen a decline down to the current number of 229.5. Not only have sharps come in on the under in Atlanta, but this also features one of the most lopsided money counts on the night. The big money bets have clearly come in on the under, which has received 57 percent of bets but 99 percent of the money. Interestingly, all that money has come despite these two teams combining for 267 total points in the first meeting of the season in Portland. Just like the previous total, this under has received a lot of attention, particularly from big money wagers. Sharps have come in on the under, which has actually risen from an opening number of 230.5. Further, despite receiving only 53 percent of bets, the under has also received 99 percent of the money. Whereas the first total was a dead over in the first meeting, this was the complete opposite in Milwaukee. Teams combined for only 202 total points, including only 105 in the first half.