The accused racist charged with whacking an Asian man with a hammer at a Manhattan subway station earlier this week allegedly threatened to “kill as many” cops as possible when she was busted, prosecutors said. Christian Jeffers, 48, who identifies as a woman, was arraigned early Friday and ordered held on $300,000 bail in connection to the Tuesday attack on the 29-year-old Asian victim at the 14th Street 1/2/3 station. When Jeffers was nabbed around 2 p.m. Wednesday at the 125th Street 4/5/6 station, she threatened an officer, “By the time I get out of prison, first thing I’m going to do is get a gun and try to kill as many of you as possible,” according to a criminal complaint. She also hurled racial slurs at the cop, the complaint said without elaborating. Jeffers was charged with first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime, second-degree assault, second-degree attempted assault, second-degree aggravated harassment, criminal possession of a weapon and menacing, according to the court document. Prosecutors also revealed that Jeffers allegedly attacked the 29-year-old victim on Tuesday “with little to no provocation.” Jeffers’ allegedly launched the hammer attack after bumping into the victim on the train platform. “I didn’t see the hammer. I just saw [her] reaching into a bag, pulled something out. It happened, like, too quick for me to react,” the victim – who was left with blood dripping down his face – had told The Post. Jeffers was also arraigned in connection to another attack from Feb. 11 inside a Duane Reade on Broadway near West 111th Street, prosecutors said. When the worker confronted her for allegedly tossing multiple packages of ice cream in her bag, Jeffers threw the worker against store shelves, knocked her to the ground and pummeled her in the face, the complaint said. Then she allegedly fled without paying for the ice cream. She was charged with second- and third-degree robbery, as well as petit larceny, in connection to that incident, and ordered held on $40,000 bail, prosecutors said. Jeffers’ next court appearance for both cases is set for Tuesday. The suspect is a known “transit offender” with 47 prior arrests, according to cops and sources. Jeffers was released from prison back in June after serving nearly six years on a second-degree robbery conviction — and was on post-release supervision set to expire September 2024, records show. Just over a week later, she was busted for petit larceny, cops said. 