No elections are held on this private island — but its former owner did hold office. George “Bud” Scholl, the former mayor of Sunny Isles, Fla., has listed his waterfront home for $13.9 million more than six months since resigning from the position. The property, located just north of Miami on the finger island of Atlantic Isle, offers not only 350 feet of water frontage and a seven-bedroom, two-kitchen Spanish-style, main property — but also a private island, a boathouse and possible connection to Al Capone. The historic home was built in 1928, but its tax roll inaccurately lists its construction as occurring in the 1930s “because I believe the records started in 1936 … it was used, supposedly, as a gambling house and for selling liquor during the Prohibition era by associates of Al Capone,” ONE Sotheby’s International Realty’s Allan Kleer, who shares the listing with Fabian Garcia-Diaz, told Mansion Global. As for the private island: It’s not buildable, but offers a 1.5-acre respite of mangrove trees within swimming or canoeing distance from the main property. And should the buyer grow tired of their personal forest, the 1,043-acre Oleta River State Park is just opposite the house, offering another nature outlet in addition to ensuring the property’s solitude. “You have the added benefit of having almost complete privacy because you’re facing a park,” Kleer told the publication. What’s more, an Atlantic Isle homeowners association grants the buyer access to a private beach, with storage allowances for members. The 6,089-square-foot, two-story main home is composed of two wings joined by a breezeway — and has built-ins and floor-to-ceiling windows throughout. The boathouse’s appeal is enhanced by the fact that, according to the brokers, building code would no longer allow it today. The property also has space for up to 12 cars. The listing follows Scholl’s September resignation from his position as the city’s mayor more than a year before the end of his term. He made the decision to resign to focus more fully on his role as president and CEO of blood bank OneBlood.