Don’t tell your old laptop, but this sale may be the excuse you’ve been wanting to invest in a new one. The HP Days Sale is offering up to 70% off select items, including a plethora of high-tech laptops with touchscreens, high-definition screens, amazing sound quality and more. To sweeten the deal, they are also offering free shipping sitewide, letting you focus on getting your hands on a new laptop ASAP. Since there are hundreds of items on sale, we thought it would be helpful to round up the best and brightest laptops in the bunch, breaking down our top picks below. We made sure to include some great picks for commuting to and from the office, plus options to leave at home for a streaming session or some gaming. Take a look and then be sure to shop the full sale here, making sure to checkout before the sale ends on March 26. This bestselling laptop is now on sale for under $650, making it a must-have for back to the office, school or streaming after a long day. The laptop operates with Windows 11 and comes with 16 GB memory and a 512 GB storage capacity, available in four colors. Be the envy of everyone in the office and at home with the HP ENVY laptop, especially when you tell them it was over $200 off the ticket price. The laptop can be easily twisted and converted into a tablet, coming with a 11th Generation Intel Core i7 processor and 16 GB memory, plus an un-hackable camera shutter and microphone mute button perfect for video calls and meetings no matter where you are. Get to gaming and don’t sweat the price, as this laptop is now $250 off the original price. The OMEN by HP laptop is designed with gamers at heart, with super high resolution, a fast refresh rate display and five-way airflow OMEN Tempest Cooling Technology, which keeps your laptop cool even with heavy duty programs running. Another convertible laptop, the HP Spectre is perfect for those that need a top quality laptop and a tablet of the same caliber. The screen rotates to become a touch-screen enabled tablet, complete with Intel Iris Xe Graphics and a 3:2 aspect ratio display to see the full picture at all times. This top-selling laptop is also one of the most affordable, making it a great choice for the kids during online school or for yourself when needing an upgrade. The laptop operates on Windows 11 and has HP Fast Charge technology, letting you charge up quickly and get back to the important stuff. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.