Just weeks after comments surfaced in which Phil Mickelson said he was getting involved with human rights abusers over the PGA Tour’s “obnoxious greed,” the PGA Tour has given Mickelson a $6 million bonus. Mickelson received the prize for finishing second in the Tour’s first annual Player Impact Program, which rewards players on their ability to engage with fans. Tiger Woods won the top prize of $8 million, the Tour announced Wednesday morning. The program was seemingly started as a response to the Saudi Golf League, with its pot growing from $40 million to $50 million in 2022. The money will come as a windfall to Mickelson, who has been bleeding sponsors lately. Workday, KPMG and Amstel Light have all ended their relationships with the six-time major winner, while Callaway Golf has paused theirs. The American Express event also dropped Mickelson as a host. Mickelson told golf writer Alan Shipnuck he was at least thinking about looking past the Saudi regime’s human rights record because getting involved with them was a way to put pressure on the Tour. “They’re scary motherf—ers to get involved with,” Mickelson said. “We know they killed [Washington Post reporter and US resident Jamal] Khashoggi and have a horrible record on human rights. They execute people over there for being gay. Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it? Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates.” The backlash to Mickelson’s comments was swift and immediate, with other golfers backing away from the Saudi League and Rory McIlroy calling Mickelson “naive, selfish, egotistical, ignorant.” Mickelson released a long statement after Shipnuck made his comments public, apologizing and claiming the conversation was off the record, which Shipnuck said was false. The 51-year-old also said he planned to take a hiatus from golf. It’s unclear when Mickelson plans to return to the course. Mickelson claimed in December that he had won the inaugural PIP, which turned out to be false.