Dolly Parton’s upcoming novel will take a “dark,” autobiographical turn. The country singer/actress/businesswoman — who joined forces with best-selling “Alex Cross” writer James Patterson, 74, for their thriller, “Run, Rose, Run” — recently teased that it’s a cautionary look into the shadows of the music industry. “It shows a lot of the dark side of that – people that have been in it, like me, you know that, because you’ve lived it,” Parton, 76, told “CBS Sunday Morning” reporter Lee Cowan for a story airing this weekend. The novel tells the tale of a Rose, a young country singer/songwriter from Nashville who realizes that fame and fortune are both not all that they’re cracked up to be. She also harnesses a deep secret that could destroy her career. “Did you experience a lot of that? Some of which is in the book?” Cowan asked the Dollywood Company CEO about their new mystery thriller, out March 7. “Oh, yeah,” Parton replied. “You see all that. All the managers that – people that will rip you off, they try to steal your songs, they’ll con you, they’ll do whatever. I have seen it all.” The official description for the book dramatically reads that Nashville is the city “where she’s come to claim her destiny. It’s also where the darkness she’s fled might find her. And destroy her.” Parton hinted that she would love to take part in a potential film adaption of the tome, the subject of which was originally pitched by Patterson to Parson back in 2019. “I’m hoping to get to play that character when we do a movie of the book, which we hope to do, at some point,” she said. The Country Music Hall of Famer will also release a new album of original songs inspired by the novel. Parton will host the 57th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards with fellow country stars Jimmie Allen and Gabby Barrett on March 7. She will take the stage with Kelsea Ballerini to do a tune from the “Run, Rose, Run” album, the Grammy-winner recently told People. Other A-List performers taking the Las Vegas stage on Monday include Eric Church, Jason Aldean, Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Thomas Rhett and Maren Morris. 