Would you sell your body online to stay living in the Big Apple? A new survey by Cinch Home Services has found almost 1 in 5 people would start a raunchy OnlyFans account in order to make enough money to live in New York City. The survey also found that people would “live off cheap food,” “only go out once per week” and “sleep on an air mattress” just to live where they want. In other words, very few residents can afford to live their dream in their dream city. But turning to the naughty site to supplement their incomes may be the most extreme measure included on the survey — and one that’s already become a reality for some. “Holy s–t. OnlyFans officially paid my NYC apartment rent this month,” one Big Apple scientist shared on Twitter after joining the website to enhance her earnings. “Everyone who hates people who use this site can truly f–k right off.” Indeed, many more residents may soon turn to OnlyFans as rents skyrocket across the five boroughs. “My family constantly fights to keep food on the table and paying rent in NYC,” one cash-strapped local wrote on Twitter. “I’ve thought of even doing an OnlyFans to help my stressed out mother with some things around the house.” In the 12-month span starting in January of last year, rents in the city have risen 33%, which is almost double the national average and the highest spike among America’s largest cities. Meanwhile, a number of New Yorkers have taken to TikTok claiming landlords have hiked the cost of their apartments by as much as 50%. Almost half of the respondents said they would dip into savings to make it work. A surprising amount said they would go to the drastic lengths of getting a second job or sacrificing vacation days for extra cash — meaning, they’d be stuck working more just to afford a city they’ll never have time to enjoy. The survey determined New York is the dream city for a majority of Americans, with “culture” and “entertainment options” cited as the reasons that make it most alluring — though with 36 percent of respondents saying they would only eat cheap food, it’s hard to imagine they’d actually be able to enjoy those amenities. Among those who actually did move to their dream city, about a third said they worked a second job just to make ends meet. Many others lived in tiny spaces or only ate cheap food. And about a quarter went into credit card debt to afford rent. “I had to work about 10 hours a day seven days a week,” one respondent said in the survey when asked what the most difficult thing they had to do to stay in their dream city. Other ideal cities included San Diego, Los Angeles, Denver, San Francisco, Chicago, Dallas, Miami, Colorado Springs and Austin. Though, rent in those areas is relatively prohibitive too. For example, in San Francisco, rent has once again reached a staggering pre-pandemic median of $2,340 for a one bedroom. Respondents in the Cinch Home Services survey said they would consider sharing that one bedroom with a roommate. “The worst thing was basically not being able to do anything — it was too expensive to live in Berkeley so moving there negated the point entirely,” another respondent said of the Bay Area town. A number of residents are refusing to scrimp on food or start an OnlyFans simply to survive and are making plans to leave. One Williamsburg woman, 27, has decided to swap the Big Apple for Austin, despite sticking it out in New York through the darkest days of the pandemic. She was left stunned when her landlord upped the price of her one-bedroom apartment from $2,600 to $3,600. Meanwhile, a 29-year-old product manager told The Post that she and her husband were forced out of their one-bedroom in Battery Park after their rent went up, from $2750 to $4950. The woman, who hails from Australia and is soon expecting twins, says she is pondering her future in New York — a place she always dreamed of living. “I don’t think we’ll have a choice but to leave if prices remain as they are,” she gloomily stated. “We simply can’t afford to live in New York with two babies. Rent is obviously a major expense, but the cost of everything else has also increased so dramatically.” “It’s so depressing, because I love New York,” she added. “There really is no other place like it.”