The suspect nabbed in the violent beating of an elderly man in Manhattan over the weekend has a lengthy rap sheet — and has also been accused of commiting another attempted robbery on that same day, according to records and prosecutors. Dominic Staton, 44, was taken into custody on Monday for allegedly violently attacking a 73-year-old man and trying to steal his wallet outside a Midtown bodega, police said. The homeless perp was charged with assault and attempted robbery for the Sunday beatdown, and ordered held on $40,000 cash, $120,000 bond at his arraignment in Manhattan Criminal Court Tuesday. Just a few hours before that attack, Staton is also accused of punching someone while trying to steal their backpack on West 42nd Street and Seventh Avenue, according to a criminal complaint. The two cases aren’t Stanton’s first run-ins with the NYPD. He has at least 10 prior arrests to his name — with two of those occurring just weeks before the latest alleged ordeal, records show. Staton was busted over an arson-related incident on the Upper East Side on Feb. 14, according to records. He was released after taking a plea at his arraignment the following day and is due to face court again on April 26. He was taken into custody again just days after a Feb. 25 robbery in Queens. In that case, he was hit with a petit larceny charge and was released on non-monetary bail ahead of a court appearance next month, the records show. After allegedly fleeing the scene of Sunday’s Midtown beating and attempted robbery, Staton was arrested while being treated in a Harlem hospital, NYPD sources told The Post. It wasn’t clear what the vagrant was being treated for, but he was tracked down after a cop recognized him in a surveillance image and handed his name over to detectives working the case, the source added. In the latest ordeal, Staton is accused of asking the elderly man for money before trying to grab his wallet while the victim was buying a lottery ticket in a bodega on Eighth Avenue near 40th Street at around 2 p.m.. He was captured on surveillance video tailing the victim as he left the store before allegedly shoving him to the sidewalk and repeatedly kicking him while he was down. Staton fled soon after and the victim was hospitalized for swelling and an abrasion to his left eye. “I didn’t mean to hurt him. I just wanted money,” Staton told a police officer after his arrest, according to prosecutors. The beating took place only a few blocks from the other violent attempted robbery at around 11 a.m. Sunday. “I was trying to take his phone to see if I could sell it,”  Staton allegedly told a cop about that case. Prosecutors had asked for $50,000 bail, citing Staton’s past convictions — including one on a 2009 attempted robbery charge — as well as four prior failures to make his court dates. His Legal Aid attorney Eliza Orlins, who ran for Manhattan District Attorney in the Democratic primary last year, argued for supervised release, saying her client was “medically vulnerable” and would be especially at risk if he was locked up on problem-plagued Rikers Island. Judge Anne Swern said she would put a note on Staton’s file asking the Department of Correction to put him in a different lockup if possible. His next court date is set for Friday.