LOS ANGELES — Now Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau has no choice but to use Jericho Sims, the rookie center out of Texas, to back up Mitchell Robinson. The mystery of center Nerlens Noel continued when the Knicks ruled he would not dress Sunday versus the Clippers because of plantar fasciitis. Center Taj Gibson also didn’t play due to illness, and power forward Obi Toppin missed his second straight game with a strained hamstring. Since the All-Star break, Thibodeau has chosen to play Sims over the veterans Noel and Gibson, explaining they need to take a look at the 23-year-old. Sims finished with four points and 11 rebounds in 20 minutes in Sunday night’s 116-93 blowout of the Clippers. Noel has continued to be in uniform, with Thibodeau saying he’s not 100 percent and would like to see him practice more before playing him. It’s been a disastrous season for Noel, who missed all of the preseason and has played in just 25 games with an assortment of knee, hamstring and foot injuries. The Knicks have not made Noel available for comment since the break despite multiple requests. After last season’s big bang of a season in replacing injured Robinson, Noel has been among the biggest disappointments after the Knicks signed him to a three-year, $32 million last August — another goof by president Leon Rose. Noel had a history of injuries before his big contract-year season. Noel’s medical issues have given the Knicks more impetus to try to lock up Robinson to a contract extension — unless it’s too late. Robinson was a monster in Phoenix, outplaying the former No. 1 pick Deandre Ayton Friday in the Phoenix heartbreaker, finishing with 17 points and 15 rebounds (nine offensive)(nine offensive). He stayed hot against the Clippers with 12 points, 11 rebounds and two blocks. Thibodeau has finally started to use rookie point guard Miles McBride in a non-mop-up role. He got eight minutes Friday as the off guard to Immanuel Quickley. And played six mintues in the first half, and 18 in all against the Clippers. “When you look at Deuce, there were really good minutes,” Thibodeau said before Sunday’s game. “Quick the same thing. They’re probably combo guards. They can play well together.” We’ll see how that unfolds.