 We say: Ha! If the economy today were as “bad” as when Trump “mismanaged” it did, there’d be scant inflation, record-low unemployment, a runaway stock market and red-hot business activity across the nation. Even deficits might be lower — as all of Trump’s were, except for during the pandemic, when both Democrats and Republicans passed trillions in emergency spending. Instead, we’ve now got runaway inflation, a risk of recession, persistent supply-chain issues and oceans of red ink. If that’s putting “our fiscal house in order,” we’ll take Trump’s “fiscal mismanagement” any day. We say: The Washington Post was vicious in its slapdown of the New York Post’s October 2020 stories about e-mails on Hunter Biden’s laptop, calling them “laughably weak” and “fake” news. But with Joe Biden now safely elected and other media finally admitting the stories were true all along — and as the FBI’s probe of Hunter heats up — the WaPo is suddenly singing a different tune and “confirming” The Post’s stories, 17 months later. We say: Apparently, whites can’t be outraged by Will Smith’s slap without being racist. And never mind that plenty of blacks (including Kareem Abdul-Jabbar!) were also outraged. We guess when your only tool is a hammer, everything looks like a nail — and when it’s the racism card, well . . . you can fill in the rest. We say: Boy, has MSNBC swallowed the Kool-Aid. It truly believes Americans are enjoying the best economy in years and is mystified as to why they don’t give President Joe Biden more credit for it. Earth to MSNBC: Inflation is the worst in 40 years, supply shortages continue to dog production and delivery of goods, there’s talk of food and energy shortages, an inverted yield curve in the bond market is signaling recession . . . and you think Americans should be grateful? “Anyone who thinks we do not have an oligarchy right here in America is sorely mistaken.” — Sen. Bernie Sanders, March 30, 2022 We say: Leave it to Bernie Sanders (estimated worth: $3 million-plus) to suggest that because America has billionaires, it’s as evil as the nation that succeeded his beloved communist Soviet Union, even as Russia flattens Ukraine and kills thousands. Sanders was arguing for redistributing wealth away from the rich, but when his Soviets claimed to do that, the result was enormous suffering for the masses — and just as much (or even more) inequality. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board