Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky pleaded with the West on Tuesday to do more in supporting his country against Russia as Ukrainians continue to fight for their “freedom,” “rights” and “survival.” In an impassioned speech to the European Parliament, Zelensky reiterated his government’s hope to join the European Union and be “equal members of Europe,” saying the bloc “is going to be much stronger with us.” “Do prove that you are with us. Do prove that you will not let us go. Do prove that you indeed are Europeans, and then life will conquer death, and light will win over darkness. Glory be to Ukraine.” While lambasting Russian President Vladimir Putin’s attacks, Zelensky said Ukraine is “fighting for our freedom, for our rights and for our survival.” “Despite the fact that all citizens of our country are blocked, nobody is going to enter and intervene with our freedoms.” The Ukrainian President’s passionate words caused one English translator to break down and audibly choke up. Zelensky highlighted the damage done by the Russian Federation, pointing to multiple missile blasts in the Eastern city of Kharkiv. “At least two cruise missiles have hit the main square of that city. That is the price of freedom,” he said. “We’re fighting just for our land and for our freedom.” “Every square in our country will be called Freedom Square. Nobody will break us, we are strong, we are Ukrainians.” As Zelensky finished his remarks, the parliament gave him a lengthy standing ovation that lasted over a minute. As they clapped for the president, he raised and shook his fist before standing out of the camera’s view. Emotions remained high across Europe on Tuesday, as diplomats walked out of a meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov began to deliver remarks via video. According to US envoy to the UN Ambassador Sheba Crocker, the walkout demonstrated “the strong unity of the international community in condemning Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine.” “We are working with our partners at the Council to hold Russia accountable for the extensive human rights abuses and deteriorating humanitarian situation brought about by this unprovoked war,” Crocker said in a statement obtained by Axios. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. “As each day passes it is clear that Russia is isolated and has no one but itself to blame for the situation it now finds itself in.” In Poland, a Ukrainian journalist broke down in tears as she confronted UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, accusing him of being “afraid” as Ukrainian children endure Russian attacks. “You’re coming to Poland — you’re not coming to Kyiv, Prime Minister. You’re not coming to Lviv,” said journalist Daria Kaleniuk who recently crossed into Poland from Ukraine. She continued: “Because you are afraid, because NATO is not willing to defend. Because NATO is afraid of World War III, but it has already started.” “These are Ukrainian children who are there taking the hit,” Kaleniuk said, blasting Johnson for the lack of additional sanctions and a no-fly zone. “My family members, my team members, are saying we are crying, we don’t know where to run,” she said, breaking down in tears. “This is what is happening, Prime Minister.” Following her impassioned remarks, Johnson did admit “there is not enough” the UK can do to “help in the way that you want,” but stood firm in the decision not to declare a no-fly zone as it would result in direct combat with Russia. Tuesday marks the sixth day of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. While Russian troops have successfully taken various cities and landmarks across the country, including infamous power plant Chernobyl, Ukrainians have stood strong in protecting the capital city of Kyiv. A US defense official told reporters on Tuesday that Russia’s advance on the city has been stalled in the last 24 hours as their forces may begin to run out of food and fuel. While they are approaching the capital city at a much slower pace than originally expected, Russian troops “are regrouping and trying to adjust to the challenges they have had,” the official said. UK intelligence estimates that the bulk of the Russian forces sit approximately 18 miles from the city center.