There’s nothing like running in the springtime. it’s the season of Goldilocks temps — not too sweltering hot and not too frigidly cold. But, with the season that turns nature into full bloom comes inconsistent weather. At times, you have to whip out your lawn mower but, don’t be surprised if you have to dust off your trusty snow blower, too. Sure, you can do a workout in your home gym using the elliptical machine, exercise bike, rowing machine and treadmill, but it’s nice to have the enjoy the fresh air, too. In an effort to give you some motivation to start running outside again, we composed an edit of the best women’s running gear this year, from leggings to matching women’s workout sets to sneakers. If you’re on an exercise kick, you may want to pick up some of our favorite dumbbells and yoga mats to stretch and tone before or after your run, too. Click to jump to a specific collection of running gear: If you’re looking for a trusty pair of leggings that won’t break the bank, Amazon surely has you covered. Fit for running, this pair of 7/8s come in virtually every color under the sun and are made of a nylon, spandex hybrid material to keep you comfortable when running (while also coaxing you in a flattering fit). Swiftness and speed? What more could you want in a run? Well actually, lululemon thinks you’ll also want comfort, sweat-wicking fabric and a high-waist that won’t roll down on your run. Sound good? The Swift Speed High Rise Tights are a full 28-inch length, ranging in size from a zero to a 14 and in a huge selection of colors and patterns. These leggings are an Amazon best-seller for a good reason. The Gym People pants are extra-thick, keeping you warm on outdoor runs from fall into winter. As an added bonus, they also have side pockets, keeping your phone or keys safe while you jog through the neighborhood. As one of the best values in this edit, Campsnail has a four-pack of High-Waisted Leggings for less than $40. You can select the color combinations, too, making them personalized to your style. The ultra-soft fabric is also lightweight and breathable, which makes the bundle a perfect match for running. Let’s be real — we adore women’s matching workout sets. Specifically, this leggings and sports bra combo is the ideal pick for spring, giving you the opportunity to pair it with a zip-up hoodie or windbreaker for sprinting. Plus, the two-piece comes in other fun colors. Available in more than a handful of colors, Wonesion has you equipped with one of Amazon’s favorite running shoes for women (with nearly 29,000 rave reviews). The lightweight support and durable quality — coupled with the fair price — make these a great option for any outdoor (or indoor!) activity. Keep your feet on the ground, even if they feel like they are running on clouds. These sneakers from On Running are designed for urban running, keeping you feeling level on uneven ground, gravel and really any hard surfaces. They weigh under 8 ounces, keeping you focused on the trail ahead and not your feet, and designed for short to medium-length runs. Dash through the trees, across the beach and really anywhere you please with these lightweight sneakers. Allbirds has reinvented its traditional Tree Dashers, making them newer and better than ever with natural, sustainable materials to give you that running support you need. Crafted with a seamless one-piece upper for maximum support with a lightly padded heel to lock your ankle in place, they’re quite unmatched. As a personal favorite, The Gym People’s Longline Sports Bra is leaning toward being a tank top, with full padded support and several shades to add to your Amazon cart. It’s sweat and weather-wicking, too, keeping you comfortable and confident while running in warmer temps. When getting ready to run, make sure you have all the support you need. The Run Times Bra High Support offers just that, ranging in sizes to accommodate a B-cup through an E-cup size with band sizes ranging from a 32 to a 40. The top offers maximum support for high-impact activities, including running, of course. With that comes padded straps to eliminate rubbing or digging into the shoulders and a soft under band for a smooth fit that stays put on your run. To snatch a great value, this three-pack of spring-ready shades is what’s on our wishlists (along with 90 Amazon bestsellers we adore). Clad in that crossover-back style we love, the support and the flattering fit is worth the buy. For running, you likely just want to toss on a tank, grab your wireless earbuds and head out the door. This four-pack is fit for the job, coming in different colored bundles for you to choose from. Not to mention, it’s not too restricting nor loose on the body, making it oh-so-comfortable. This edit would be incomplete without a mention of lululemon’s popular Align Tank Top. It’s one of the most durable and coveted fitness items (probably of all time), making its mark with a buttery soft and lightweight fabric that’s perfect for yoga and running alike. If you’re a fan of the easy-breezy flow characteristic of most tank tops, this three-pack is less than $30 and couldn’t be more apt for running. We love the relaxed arm pockets to have more of breathable, comfortable feel, too. Hello, biker shorts! We adore this flattering, to-the-body design (and, what better way to enjoy running in warmer temps than with a three-pack in different shades)? It’s one of the best value bundles on this list and we love how they’re high-waisted, buttery soft and not too short, making you feel confident and like a track star when you’re racing outside. Perfect for outdoor sports and your in-the-sun jogs, BMJL has you equipped with the most perfect pair of High-Waisted Running Shorts we’ve ever seen. Available in a slew of shades, this nifty pair also comes with a side zipper to store your phone. As one of the best biker shorts we reviewed, Alo Yoga’s High-Waist Biker Shorts are a versatile pair that can be styled in numerous ways (just check out our review). Not only is the pair an elevated basic, but the moisture-wicking material is perfect for spring (in all the fun colors). For a lightweight jacket that doesn’t feel like you’re wearing any piece of outwear, Amazon Essentials’ Water-Resistant Windbreaker is a staple. For just $35, you’ll want to snag all of its spring-ready shades, but we appreciate white for being the best to sprint in against the sunshine. Looking for an elevated running jacket you can flex all year round? Sweaty Betty isn’t just fit for its cute name; the brand has a Fast Track Running Jacket that’s great for exercising all year round. Specifically, we love the included thumbhole cuffs and water-resistant exterior, aside from its sleek, modern charm. Is it just us, or does Baleaf’s Running Rain Jacket just scream springtime? This zip-up option is comfortable and cool, giving you a sprint-friendly piece of outerwear that’s just as fitting for running errands and walking your dog. For just $38, the lululemon Everywhere Belt Bag will be your new essential. It comes in black, too, and is perfect for stashing your phone, earbuds and other running essentials. Not to mention, it’s truly taking the industry by storm. The Adidas Original beanie is a much-needed addition to keeping your ears warm on brisk days. Not only does it keep your hair out of your face (a must), but the hat is just what you need for all times of year. Plus, it comes in other colorways for you to choose from. Going for a run should be a stress relief, not the cause for it. Flare is a jewelry company on a mission to one day no longer need to exist, but for now, they can offer runners some peace of mind, day or night. Built by assault survivors, the jewelry is made to make wearers feel safer going out knowing they have a plan in place if they end up in an uncomfortable or dangerous situation. First, download the Flare app and pre-load any emergency contacts you want to have your Global Positioning System (GPS) location. The bracelet also allows you to trigger an automatic message — sending your contacts a text as well as your GPS location. You can even contact 911 at the press of the hidden button on the backside of the bracelet. Want to know more? Read our Flare Lifesaving Bracelet review here. Track how far you’ve come on your fitness journey right from your wrist. The watch boasts an impressive six-day battery life, allowing you to run to your heart’s content on a single charge. It also comes with a plethora of other features, including monitoring your skin temperature, overall heart health and even providing tools for stress management to name a few. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.