Adam Fox felt a second wind gust through his legs when he saw a two-on-one opportunity develop with Artemi Panarin less than a minute into overtime. It was the same kind of situation Fox had defended in practice many times, but this time, the 24-year-old defenseman was on the other side. The two broke out of the Rangers’ zone side-by-side. Panarin pushed ahead. And Fox pulled up, before settling the pass and sweeping the puck five-hole on Anaheim goalie John Gibson to secure a 4-3 win over the Ducks on Tuesday night at Madison Square Garden. “I’m pretty surprised he [went] with me,” Panarin said with a smile and without the help of an interpreter. The goal counted as Fox’s first overtime goal of his already illustrious NHL career, which is only three seasons old. The 24-year-old defenseman also chipped in two assists in the victory, while Panarin notched three to propel the Rangers to second in the Metropolitan Division with two wins and a game in hand over the Penguins. Between the strong play from two of their stars and a timely power-play goal, the Blueshirts came out on top of a game that looked like it could’ve gone either way through 60 minutes. “I think it speaks to how focused this group is on accomplishing our first goal, which is making the playoffs,” said Chris Kreider, whose NHL-leading 20th power-play goal in the third period tied the game 3-3 and forced overtime. “Regardless, if a game is not going well or you don’t feel like you’re going individually, guys are able to refocus and help the team try and win a hockey game. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. “Regardless of where we’re at — home or on the road — I think that ability to kind of dial in and get back to playing simple hockey and doing little things that’ll help the team is kind of ultimately something that everyone’s bought into up and down the lineup.” Roughly halfway through the final 20 minutes of regulation with the score locked 2-2, it seemed as though the save the Rangers needed and didn’t get from goalie Alexandar Georgiev was going to be the difference-maker. Former Rangers prospect Danny O’Regan made a key block and sent the leading pass to Ducks forward Derek Grant, who deked Georgiev to his right before flicking the puck top left corner for the 3-2 lead at 10:35 of the third period. Ducks forward Max Comtois, however, handed the Rangers a power play when he hooked Fox with just over eight minutes left in regulation. It’s the kind of opportunity the Rangers rarely let go to waste, and Kreider collected his 400th career point with his 39th goal of the season to tie the game 3-3. “Mika [Zibanejad] missed a few on the ones he usually hits, he missed a couple chances, so the execution wasn’t great a few times,” Rangers coach Gerard Gallant said of the power play. “But for Kreids to get that big one to tie it up was huge for us, no doubt.” Georgiev, making just his third start since the Rangers returned from their two-week hiatus at the beginning of February, was sharp through much of the first 40 minutes. He denied Ducks rookie phenom Trevor Zegras on the doorstep in the first period, in which the teams exchanged goals, getting over just in time as the cross-ice feed slid in front of him. “Overall, we just have confidence in the way we play and really high morale,” Panarin said through a translator. “We obviously never give up and we just have the right mindset. It’s very much about confidence on our team.” Oh, and that’s comeback win No. 20 for those keeping track at home.