The White House on Thursday announced financial sanctions on more Russian oligarchs and their family members as Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine enters its second week. The new sanctions are designed to increase the pressure on Putin’s inner circle as Russian forces target civilian areas while meeting unexpectedly stiff resistance from Ukrainian forces. The latest round of sanctions will target members of seven families. Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov, whose $600 million yacht was seized by German officials this week, is on the new list, as are brothers and SGM construction firm co-owners Boris and Arkady Rotenberg and members of their families. Billionaire Nikolay Tokarev, whose wealth comes from pipeline company Transneft and luxury real estate, also faces sanctions, as do Rostec defense firm CEO Sergei Chemezov and his immediate family. Igor Shuvalov, chairman of the state development corporation VEB and restauranteur Yevgeniy Prigozhin and their families also face penalties along with Putin press secretary Dmitry Peskov. “These individuals have enriched themselves at the expense of the Russian people, and some have elevated their family members into high-ranking positions,” a White House press release said. “Others sit atop Russia’s largest companies and are responsible for providing the resources necessary to support Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. These individuals and their family members will be cut off from the U.S. financial system, their assets in the United States will be frozen and their property will be blocked from use.” Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. Also on Thursday, 19 oligarchs and 47 relatives or associates were banned from entering the US, though they were not identified by name. “One of the big factors is, of course, the proximity to President Putin,” White House press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters Thursday. “We want him to feel the squeeze. We want the people around him to feel the squeeze. I don’t believe this is going to be the last set of oligarchs [sanctioned]. Making them a priority and a focus of our individual sanctions is something the president has been focused on.” President Biden announced limited sanctions last week against state-owned Russian banks and certain elite businessmen. After criticism, Biden sanctioned Putin’s vast personal wealth and reached an agreement with US allies to unplug Russia from the SWIFT international banking system. So far, Biden has resisted calls to sanction Russian oil and gas exports. On Feb. 22, after Putin recognized the independence of two pro-Moscow rebel states in eastern Ukraine, the US sanctioned five Russians: FSB director Aleksandr Bortnikov and his son Denis, the deputy president of VTB Bank; Putin deputy chief of staff Sergei Kiriyenko and his son Vladimir, the CEO of the VK social media network; and Promsvyazbank CEO Petr Fradko Two days later, after Russian troops began their full-on invasion of Ukraine, the US sanctioned 10 more Russians, including Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin and his son Ivan Sechin; Putin adviser Sergei Ivanov and his son Sergei; Alrosa diamond mining CEO Sergei Ivanov; VTB Bank chairman Yuriy Solviev and his wife, Galina Ulyutina; VTB Bank executive Andrey Puchkov; and former Gazprom executive Andrey Patrushey and his son Nikolai. Over the weekend, Putin himself was added to the sanctions list. Russia is estimated to have more than 100 billionaires — some of whom have extensive international investments. In addition to Usmanov’s yacht, which was seized by authorities in Hamburg, French officials took control of a luxury yacht owned by Sechin. Two Russian billionaires, Mikhail Fridman and Oleg Deripaska, have also this week called on Putin to end the invasion of Ukraine.