A Tiktok user who goes by @wendygonewild uploaded a video of her on a plane, showing the huge lengths she’ll go to in order to be comfortable. In the video, Wendy had taken her shoes and socks off and was resting her feet in a sling that was wrapped around the tray table to keep it in place. Her feet were off the ground and could swing back and forth. She then picked up an enormous inflatable travel pillow that had gaps for her face and arms. She put the pillow on her tray table, put her arms through the hole in the middle and rested her face in the hole on top, making it more comfortable to nap. On the video, she wrote: “Always come prepared to rest on a plane flight four hours and over”, and captioned it: “Come prepared when you travel on long flights. Makes a difference!” The video has been watched 2.6 million times and lots of viewers were appalled that Wendy had taken her shoes off, saying it was bad plane etiquette and labelling her a ‘Karen’. One person wrote: “It should be a war crime for taking your shoes off on public transport.” Someone else put: “Um no Karen, put your shoes on this is not your house.” Another person wrote: “Put some socks on and have some respect for other travellers.” A fourth added: “I can smell the cheese through the phone. I’m moving seats if I’ve got to sit next to that.” A flight attendant warned that Wendy’s pillow could cause some damage to the plane. They wrote: “I worked a flight where someone actually broke the tray table with that pillow accessory she’s using.” However, others thought Wendy’s foot sling and pillow were great ideas to make a flight more comfortable. Someone wrote: “Great for people that suffer from feet and legs swelling.” A second person put: “Love this! I always lean forward and sleep against the seat – this is so much better.” Another woman went to huge lengths to make a flight more comfortable – even shocking a flight attendant. And a woman has shared the “struggle” of travelling by plane as a plus-size person – with some people claiming she should pay for two seats. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.