Dua Lipa and Megan Thee Stallion are sharing the spotlight together in their newest single, “Sweetest Pie.” The music video, which dropped on Friday, features a mixture of magical, fanatical vibes and sexy booty-popping. The clip was directed by Dave Meyer and the concept was created by Meg herself. The scene opens with a breathtaking waterfall in a grassy green forest. Megan, 27, and Lipa, 26, then pop up on screen sporting black leather hats and gowns, looking rich. Other shots show the “Levitating” singer and the “Body” rapper dancing in bright bejeweled corsets against pastel-colored Versailles-esque backdrops. The backgrounds are reminiscent of “Hansel and Gretel” meets Marie Antoinette. Another scene features Megan gyrating in a floral-encases cave with golden statues of butts. “Ooh, this the ride of your life, hold on ’cause, baby, I might / I might just give you a bite of the sweetest pie / Ooh, baby, we can go fast, I’ll drive and you just lay back / I got the flavor that lasts, yeah, the sweetest pie,” the pair harmonize together in the chorus. Lipa gets her time to shine in an eerie dark woodland, sporting a black ensemble similar to a glamorous witch. But things take a tragic yet alluring turn when the “Wap” singer and the London-born pop star are trapped at the stake, waiting to be burned. Middle fingers then pop out of Megan’s eyes in a hilarious moment. The video ends with the hip-hop superstar literally levitating in a bed made of silver snakes. Megan has just signed on to make her film debut in the raunchy musical comedy “F- -king Identical Twins.” It was announced last month that she will star with comedians Bowen Yang, Megan Mullally and Nathan Lane. The project is directed by “Seinfeld” veteran Larry Charles. “HOTTIES THIS IS OUR FIRST MOVIEEEE/ MUSICAL! WITH SOME MOVIE LEGENDS,” she wrote on social media at the time. “I’m so excited I feel so blessed I feel anxious lol I feel a bunch of s–t,” the three-time Grammy-winner added. “I really have been quietly putting in this work and I just can’t wait for the hotties to see everything.”