The House select committee investigating the 2021 siege on the US Capitol subpoenaed Kimberly Guilfoyle on Thursday, a week after their scheduled interview with her fell apart. Guilfoyle, who is engaged to former President Donald Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., was directed by the committee to share numerous documents and appear for a sworn deposition on March 15. “Ms. Guilfoyle met with Donald Trump inside the White House, spoke at the rally that took place before the riot on Jan. 6, and apparently played a key role organizing and raising funds for that event,” Rep. Bennie Thompson, the committee chairman, said in a statement. Guilfoyle has already turned over 110 pages to the committee and was set to sit down for an interview on Feb. 25 as the threat of the subpoena loomed. But Guilfoyle backed out of the discussion and claimed she hadn’t known committee members would be attending and participating — which lawmakers disputed. Her lawyer announced she had decided not to cooperate and railed against information “leaked” to the media in a statement after the aborted discussion. Attorney Joe Tacopina blamed committee leadership for widespread reports in January that revealed the Jan. 6 committee served subpoenas to communication companies and obtained phone logs for numbers connected to Guilfoyle, Eric Trump and others. Guilfoyle allegedly huddled with then-President Trump and other members of his family in the Oval Office hours before the Jan. 6 riot. It was then that Trump allegedly called Vice President Mike Pence to urge him to delay or reject the certification of results from the Electoral College vote that showed Democrat Joe Biden beat Trump in the 2020 presidential election. Guilfoyle joined Eric Trump at a rally held later that day at the Ellipse. The rally ended with much of the pro-Trump crowd marching to the Capitol to disrupt the election certification, sending lawmakers scrambling as the legislative chambers were overcome with rioters. Guilfoyle claimed to have helped fundraise for the rally and discussed with the former president who should be allowed to speak at the rally, the committee now says. The subpoena came a day after the committee alleged in a court filing that the former president conspired to “defraud the United States” by spreading proven lies about his election loss, pressuring officials to overturn Biden’s victory — and stoking the mob that converged on the Capitol and interrupted the peaceful transition of power. Republicans, including House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, have accused the panel of being politically tainted. McCarthy turned down an invitation to speak with the committee in January. And former President Trump doubled down on his claims of fraud in his election loss and called the committee “the Unselect Committee of politically partisan hacks” in a statement released through his Save America PAC on Thursday. “Judges and even justices of the United States Supreme Court, are afraid to even look, as was the Attorney General of the United States, who was so petrified of being held in contempt or being impeached by the Democrats, which they were constantly threatening him with, that he was virtually a broken man who allowed for the systemic violation of election laws and other things to take place,” Trump said. He also reiterated claims that blamed the riot on his rival, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, accusing her of not green-lighting enough security ahead of the planned Jan. 6 rally. “The reason for Jan. 6 was that millions of people in our Country know the Election was Rigged and Stolen, and Nancy Pelosi refused to put the requested 10,000-plus troops in the Capitol three days earlier, as strongly recommended by me,” he claimed. “She didn’t like ‘the look.’” With Post wires