For decades, the classic denim jacket has never steered us wrong. Some are eclectic, others eccentric and all tried-and-true wardrobe staples. As we transition into the spring months, there’s simply nothing like pairing a denim jacket with a white t-shirt, a quality pair of sunglasses and your favorite dress pants for a bit more flair. Much like your favorite denim jeans, a jacket can be adorned with any outfit, including your favorite dresses under $50, your best bodysuits and even your upcoming Easter dress. Though we love denim jackets from Amazon (much like buying the best of everything from Amazon, for that matter), we rounded up the cheery classic from other retailers, like Lulus, Macy’s and J.Crew. Ahead, shop our edit of the 15 best women’s denim jackets of 2022. The timeless piece is one of the most investment-worthy buys you’ll have in tow for more than a decade. As a No. 1 bestseller on Amazon, Riders by Lee’s Indigo Denim Jacket has a flattering, to-the-skin fit with a medium wash that’s difficult to ignore. It’s almost a modern take on the more boxy fit, resembling the same button detailing and envelope-style pockets as its decades-prior originator. In this beautiful light wash, Wrangler Authentics’ Denim Jacket is practical, easy to toss on with any outfit, and looks great with darker-wash jeans. It’s flattering on any skin tone and size, too. For a trendier take on the years-old classic, pick up Cantonwalker’s Loose Denim Jean Jacket. It’s less than $50, has subtle texture detailing on its exterior and extra-relaxed arms for a cool, calm and collected vibe. As one of our favorite denim jackets on this list, we’re absolutely floored Luvamia’s Basic Button Down Denim Jacket is less than $30. In a near-acid wash, its cropped and flattering fit makes it great for those who aren’t into overpowering denim but still want an extra layering piece. Available in a slew of shades, Sidefeel’s Distressed Ripped Denim Jacket looks impeccable with an all-black outfit for its slate, nickel-colored look. Roll up the sleeves for a more pieced-together look and voila — it’s yours to style in numerous ways. J.Crew is the Mother of Classic, so it’s no surprise its Classic Denim Jacket is as straightforward as the material and outwear piece gets. It’s a splurge, but one you’ll have for years, and you can’t beat the quality. New from Abercrombie is its Cropped Denim Jacket, also available in traditional blue. However, the ivory look can be more versatile to style with all shades of denim if you dislike that denim-on-denim look (we feel you). Pistola has an impressive line of denim, with its Hayden Raglan Denim Jacket serving one of our favorite looks. It’s a personal favorite, too, giving us a throwback quality like no other — from its sleek buttons to well-detailed hem. Hello, acid wash! We’re all about Wild Fable’s Denim Trucker Jacket, a relaxed, almost chambray look that’s hard to resist. It’s a modern take on classic denim — a classic take done well (especially for just $32 at Target!) Tapping into a looser cardigan vibe, Sage the Label’s PYT Denim Jacket is more of a toss-on like anything we’ve ever seen. For the sought-after, trendy fit, $84 is a steal and half if you’re looking for a new jacket to complete your wardrobe. Not all denim jackets have to fall right at the waistline. This oversize trucker jean jacket from Madewell proves that denim can fall in many different buckets, especially the darker, defined-buttons route (which we find super unique). As one of the slimmest denim jackets we came across, Tinseltown’s Distressed Jean Jacket is just shy of $50 and has a stunning wash. Plus, it’s great to pair with your favorite statement jewelry. Anthropologie’s Mod-for-You Denim Jacket is giving us all the European feels. For $115, it’s a relatively affordable investment — compared to others — with its exaggerated pocket detailing impeccably cute and add-to-cart worthy. Well, well, well, if it isn’t for A.L.C. to hit us with a denim jacket that was born from the trench coat. The Amelia Jacket is unlike any other, with its cinched waist, collared front and structured fit and all-on-eyes-on-you style. For a pop of springtime green, SHEIN’s Flap Pocket Drop Shoulder Denim Jacket is a decadent hue, clad with silver buttons and a relaxed fit. It’s perfect to toss on with a work bag and white sneakers for accessorizing. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.