PALM BEACH, Fla. — Of all the words and sentiments and evaluations the new Giants regime of general manager Joe Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll expressed to the media during the owners’ meetings at The Breakers — a stately venue befitting an assemblage of billionaires — one simple sentence described the state of the franchise more aptly than any other. “We have a lot of needs,’’ Daboll said. There is no reason to define how many needs comprise “a lot.’’ A case can be made that the Giants require an upgrade almost everywhere. Their most glaring deficiency heading into this offseason — the offensive line — was bolstered by Schoen with the additions of guard Mark Glowinski and center Jon Feliciano, players expected to step in and start, and other experienced players added for depth purposes. They could use another starting guard and definitely require the addition of a right tackle in the NFL draft. Can’t get enough NFL Draft chatter? Sign up for Post Sports+ to get the latest rumblings about the Giants, Jets and how the draft board is shaping up texted straight to your phone from Post football experts Paul Schwartz, Brian Costello, Ryan Dunleavy and Steve Serby. There are holes on defense as well. Not long ago, the Giants were loaded at safety, with Jabril Peppers, Logan Ryan, Xavier McKinney and Julian Love. Peppers (Patriots) and Ryan (Buccaneers) are gone and just like that there is a need for help on the back end. The draft will be here soon enough — April 28, 29 and 30, to address the roster wish list. The Giants have a decision to make and a deadline to adhere to with two of their key players, quarterback Daniel Jones and defensive tackle Dexter Lawrence, both products of the first round of the 2019 draft. By May 2, the Giants must either pick up the fifth-year options for these players, have them play out their rookie contracts or offer them long-term extensions. The fifth-year option for Jones would guarantee him $22.3 million for the 2023 season. Doing the same with Lawrence would guarantee him $10.7 million for next season. As much as Schoen, Daboll and co-owner John Mara spent the past few days expressing confidence that Jones can improve and thrive, there is really no reason for the Giants to pick up his option and they are not expected to do so. If Jones proves he is worthy of a lucrative multiyear deal, there is little chance he will leave the Giants to seek his riches elsewhere. If he does not turn around the trajectory of his career, or if he does not stay healthy, the Giants will move on from him and search for another quarterback. The scenario gets cloudy if Jones shows promise, the Giants win a few more games than anticipated and there are reasons to keep him and other reasons to dump him. Either way, it is not smart business sense to invest $22.3 million in Jones right now. Lawrence can go either way. He has not missed a game in his three years and his durability is a big plus. He can stop the run and on occasion can penetrate into the pocket but he is not a big-play pass rusher (nine sacks in 48 games) by any stretch of the imagination. Lawrence is only 24, he causes no trouble, brings an effervescent energy to the defensive line room and would have to be replaced by a player who would ask to get paid the way the Giants would have to pay Lawrence in 2023. How Lawrence meshes in the coming weeks with new defensive coordinator Wink Martindale is important, but the Giants have to decide on the option long before any games are played. “I’m still trying to get familiarized with our defensive staff and how they are going to utilize players,’’ Schoen said, “We’ve had some really productive conversations. I haven’t worked with Wink before, I haven’t been in a 3-4 since probably my time down in Miami. Trying to figure out what traits they’re looking for in each player. Dexter’s a really good player and we’ll obviously have extensive conversations about what we’re going to do there.’’ The Giants are allowed to open up their offseason workout program April 4, two weeks earlier than any other team that did not hire a new head coach. This head start figures to help the new coaching staff begin the relationship-building process. This two-week window, Schoen believes, will also benefit the new front office when it comes to learning more about the players other than what they contribute on the field. “With guys coming in in two weeks it’s a real advantage,’’ Schoen said. “We get to be around guys in the building for three weeks before the draft and have a veteran minicamp right before the draft.’’ It is doubtful Schoen will garner significant information in the next two weeks that will tilt the decisions on Jones and Lawrence. For both players, there are hours and hours of film to evaluate and both players give off positive vibes around the team facility. Both are popular with their teammates. In fact, Jones and Lawrence struck up a friendship when they roomed together during training camp as rookies. There is no doubt they would appreciate staying and re-signing with the Giants. “We’ll continue to have those conversations,’’ Schoen said, “as we move forward.’’