Spring is almost here! And while we gear up for warmer weather and fresh blooms, it also means it’s time to give our spaces a good spring cleaning. You know, the kind where you really get under the couch and end up discovering crumbs from Thanksgiving and bits of wrapping paper from Christmas. If you’re in need of some backup in the tidying department, the Folding Handheld Portable Rechargeable Vacuum is ready to help. This lightweight, portable vacuum is ready to get in there and find every last mess you might have missed while you were hibernating this winter. And right now it can be yours for less than $50. Yep, it’s currently on sale for $44.99, 62% off its usual $119 price tag. Let the Folding Handheld Portable Rechargeable Vacuum make spring cleaning more tolerable, serving as your handy helper as you vacuum up dust, residue, soot, crumbs, and more. It’s small, but mighty, thanks to the digital high-speed motor, which gives it the strong suction of a much bigger vacuum. The small stature lets it get into nooks and crannies that haven’t been tidied in, well, let’s just say a long time. And it’s cordless to allow even easier access. An LED light gives you a better perspective into all those dark corners you’ve been neglecting, helping you see all the grime that’s been left behind before the Folding Handheld Portable Rechargeable Vacuum sucks it all up. An extension attachment lets you take things even farther, getting into crevices you previously weren’t able to reach. And if you have softer surfaces, a brush accessory is included. Happy customer, Sharon, raved, “This hand vacuum is a must have. It is small and portable but very strong. The extender is great for getting into tight corners or other small spaces. I highly recommend.” And once you’re done, a 90 degree rotating handle lets you store it away in a compact fashion in its enclosed pouch… you know, until next time spring cleaning rolls around. Make sure you have backup as you spring clean this year. Get the Folding Handheld Portable Rechargeable Vacuum for $44.99 today. Prices subject to change.