This dancer’s dream of becoming a doctor is taking her from on pointe to on call. Likolani Brown Arthurs, 36, spent 15 years dancing with the New York City Ballet. Now, she’s moving to a new stage: NYU Langone’s operating theater, where the retired ballerina will begin her surgical residency. With her 6-month-old son, Kaipo, on her hip, in a room full of hospital-bound hopefuls at NYU Grossman School of Medicine, Arthurs opened her Match Day letter during the nationwide annual event, when medical students across the county learn where they will launch their careers as resident doctors. “I realized a lot of the things I love about ballet exist here,” she told The Post of her desire to enter the medical field, spurred by personal tragedy when she lost her father to cancer. Arthurs, also mother to 2-year-old Bronson, may have struggled with some imposter syndrome during her uncommon career change. “I came in questioning if I would fit in, if I would be as apt as the other students,” she said. But just as the golden curtain of the David H. Koch Theater at Lincoln Center does, “you rise to the occasion.” Her transition from the ranks of one of the world’s most storied dance companies to the roster of world-class heath-care providers in NYC was never in step with the Hawaii-born daughter of an activist and a lawyer. “Not everyone comes from these ‘doctor families,'” she said of her entry into medicine. “I knew much less about the whole process because I don’t have any close relatives here who I got to see go through [becoming an MD].” Dance, too, was far from her mind when the Brown family settled in Maryland when Likolani was a kid. “A friend of mine needed someone to be her her ‘ballet friend,'” she laughed, acknowledging how rapidly she surpassed her ballet-friend status. “I fell in love with it,” said Arthurs, whose sister, Pua, later followed in her footsteps. “It felt like a natural thing for me. Like, everything sort of clicked.” Leaving her ballet friend behind, Arthurs set out at 16 to join the ranks of NYC’s prestigious School of American Ballet — just weeks before the attacks on the World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001. She recalled being told that ballet practice would go on as scheduled even after the first tower had been struck. “I remember riding the elevators up to change and seeing only one tower still standing. And then when I came down, after changing, both towers were down.” “That’s when they canceled everything and we took some time off,” said Arthurs. The tragedy didn’t deter the determined dancer. “The Pentagon was right there,” she said of her home in Maryland, where her parents hoped she might return at that moment. “And so I talked my way into staying [in New York], saying that it was just as dangerous to be close to the White House.” It was a “very special place,” she said of her experience at SAB, which culminated with her landing a coveted spot — one of 10 placements — with the New York City Ballet. Arthurs compared the NYCB’s notoriously grueling audition process to the 2000 teen dance drama “Center Stage,” featuring a cast and crew packed with NYCB players trying to break into a tough business. After a yearlong apprenticeship, she scored a contract with the company’s corps de ballet, making it official. “I turned down Harvard,” the self-described math and science geek told The Post. “I knew I could only dance when I was young and physically able to.” Her successful tenure included dancing some of her dream roles, including all three of ballet legend George Balanchine’s “Jewels,” with parts inspired by the dance traditions of France, Russia and the US — represented, respectively, by the emerald, the diamond and the ruby — as well as the “mysterious” Arabian dance solo of “The Nutcracker.” “It was time,” she said of her decision to retire in 2019. And she looks fondly of her time at the company, despite its later controversies spawned by their embattled former artistic director Peter Martins. Once famed as a protégé of Balanchine’s, Martins resigned in 2018 amid sexual assault allegations by NYCB dancers. For many, achieving one of the most enviable goals an artist can reach would be enough to settle for something a little less rigorous in retirement. “I always thought ballet would be it for me,” she remembered, but couldn’t shake the feeling she had more to do. “I wanted to make more of a tangible difference in people’s lives.” An inclination toward STEM led her to believe she should go pre-med at Columbia University, which she credited with guiding her to the right coursework in her spare time “when the theater was dark.” But it was a “desire to help our wider community,” as her mother and father had during their careers, that motivated her. She could see parallels between medicine and dance during her early days as an emergency room volunteer. “I saw a lot of teamwork,” she said. “A lot of creativity and artistry there.” And the rush she got “was similar to what I felt on the stage during a live performance.” At NYU, she would eventually land on her calling in general surgery, guided in part by the untimely death of her father due to a slow-growing sarcoma that, at the time it was discovered 18 years prior, required an incredibly invasive open-chest surgery to access. Unfortunately, close monitoring of his disease “fell through the cracks.” By the time he began to show advanced symptoms, his condition was no longer treatable. “I just felt that if a surgeon had attended to him earlier in his course, especially with the new advances … things could have been different for him,” she said. Arthurs hopes that as a resident at Langone, she’ll be able to give someone else a better outcome. “NYU really spoke to me because it’s so focused on innovation and constantly trying to improve itself,” she said of her top choice. “I wanted to be on, like, the forefront of everything possible.” More than that, the school has become home. “I’m so excited to continue to work with them and learn from them,” she said. At her actual home in Cobble Hill, Arthurs is currently soaking up time with her two sons and husband, Samuel, a film industry profession, before her patients take center stage — while adjusting to her new role as doctor-in-residence. “It’s pretty funny, because I was the artist in our family before,” she noted. Now, that part may fall to Kaipo, who dances with his “hula hand” every time the music plays. Meanwhile, “wild man” Bronson shows an insatiable curiosity. Said Arthurs, “My mom says, ‘You know, it’s driving you crazy now, but when he cures cancer, you’re gonna really appreciate that.’ ”