One lion gave Mike Tyson a taste of his own medicine. Holding the record as the youngest heavyweight champion in history, the 55-year-old has battled with some of the baddest in the land during his illustrious career but in 1997 he was famously disqualified when he bite off a chunk of Evander Holyfield’s ear lobe during a fight in Las Vegas. Well karma is a bitch and it might just bite back. During an appearance earlier this week on the podcast “Million Dollaz Worth of Game,” Tyson revealed that his favorite pet was a mountain lion — despite the fact that the big cat reportedly bit him. Despite being “really good with cats,” Iron Mike was reportedly attacked by one of the cougars while administering it medicine. “I was giving one a tetanus shot and they bit me,” the Brooklyn native explained. “It was scared, he was scared. Six, seven stitches and it was over.” Tyson added, “Then my dog bit me.” Tyson said he would generally get them as babies “right from their mothers,” or as adult rescues gifted by fans, the Sun reported. Describing why cougars are his fave, Kid Dynamite explained, “You’ve never seen their face. They have a green face. Incredible beauty.” “It looks real plain, they look real plain when you see them,” the former brawler added. “These brownish greys, you look at their eyes, they have green eyes.” “As they get older they don’t like the habitat they possess, so sometimes people give them to me,” said the heavyweight great, who during his heyday, boasted a menagerie that would put Muammar Gaddafi to shame. Being surrounded by pets was the norm for the “Hangover” star, who famously shared a bed with white three Bengal tigers named Boris, Storm and Kenya. However he reportedly put the kibosh on that due to his flatulent bedfellows’ penchant for ripping horrendous farts during the night. It was the “worst thing in the world,” Tyson told the podcast host, who reportedly eventually managed to mitigate their nocturnal cheese-cutting with punishment. However, he said his cats also weren’t exactly potty-trained, explaining: “As soon as they hit the pool they s – – t and everything.” Alas, the animal lover no longer has his tigers, but he still reportedly possesses quite the petting zoo. “I have a dog, I have a lot of pigeons — everywhere I go I have pigeons,” said Tyson. “That’s my life.” The ex-fighter’s dog, a doodle named Mars Tyson, even boasts its own Instagram page with over 22,600 followers.