Plants are like children. You name them, care for them and now, you dress them. Well, not exactly, but you do accessorize them! This doesn’t look like adorning them with jewels and cufflinks. Instead, it’s hanging them in macrame planters, placing them on bamboo trays and gently spraying them with using a glass mister. If this sounds like your crazy plant lady (or lad) dream, then we have some good news for you. We rounded up all of the best indoor plant accessories of 2022. Best of all, they’re all under $45. So while they look gorgeous and expensive, they’re actually not that expensive after all. Keep reading to shop watering cans, misters, plant stands, hangers and more. Unless you want to make a mess while watering your tabletop plants, you’ll want to opt for an indoor watering can. This Amazon option has a gooseneck to prevent spilling and a sleek handle that feels as good as it looks. If you don’t want anything too large, this black and wood watering can is for you. Its design is modern while it’s spout is perfect for all indoor plant life. We get it, sometimes you don’t want all of the bells and whistles. For a standard indoor watering can, you’re going to want this yellow option from The Sill. Not only does it hold half a gallon of water, but it’s also durable for both indoor and outdoor watering. House plants love a gentle mist. This Pottery Barn plant mister will do the trick while giving your space a classic and vintage feel. Display this brass mister proud, as it’s beautiful and effective. The Sill does note that the mister will develop a patina over time, but some brass cleaner will easily remove it. Featuring a delicate swirl design atop the glass base and a plastic rust-free pump, this plant mister won’t disappoint. Best of all, its finger loop makes for simple misting. We know — they’re just too cute to pass up on! But these glass blown globes aren’t just for looks. They also self-water your plants for up to three weeks. If you’re looking for something a bit more mature, choose this three-piece globe set. The colors reflect gorgeously against the light while keeping your plants happy and healthy. If you’ve run out of tabletop room or are looking to string up your plants, you’ll fall in love with this three-piece macrame plant hanging set. Included in the bundle are six ceiling hooks and three plant hangers. Another great hanging option is this levitated pot. Simply choose from four various colors and place your small-sized plant inside. The set includes a hook and removable drainage plug. Perhaps you want a hanging shelf versus a hanging pot. If that’s the case, this round hanging shelf won’t let you down. It’s great for saving shelf space and showing off your plants and decor alike. Rattan is so effortlessly trendy and chic — and this hanging basket is no different. Just toss in your indoor plant and watch is instantly decorate your space. There’s no need to make any tough decisions here, as you get five various designs and hangers in one bundle. Not only will this set provide a unique way to show off your plants, but it will also turn your room of choice into a personal oasis. This simple and unique floor pot seamlessly elevates the look of your indoor plants. Best of all, the metal stand and ceramic pot are not attached, making transport seamless. While this female designed pot can be used for any indoor plant, we think a succulent, such as string of bananas, dolphins or pearls, looks best. The hanging succulent will imitate the look of hair, making for a unique take on indoor plants. Sticking to the theme of unique plant accessories, this stand makes the perfect companion to propagated plants. The clear glass bottles make watching your plant in action engaging while the design adds a vintage feel to any room. Make a statement with this lower body plant pot. The soft bone color matches all interiors while the shape makes for a great talking piece. If you tend to gravitate towards the classics, this stoneware vase is for you. It’s bright yellow color adds life while the painted blooms match the fresh florals you place in it. With seven pot holders and six tiers, you’ll instantly maximize your space. Best of all, this shelf unit is slim, making it fit in almost any corner. If you can’t decide between a shelving unit or a hanging option, you don’t have to! With this bamboo shelving and hanging unit, you can decorate your indoor space to your heart’s desire. With three tiers and seven individual plant shelves, you’ll have the space for all of your plant babies and more. You can also adorn your new shelving unit with books, misters and lamps to add individual character. Say goodbye to guessing on watering days. With this reliable and accurate soil moisture meter, you’ll know if your plants are living healthy and strong lives. This meter is also great for both outdoor and indoor use. While some of your delicate, indoor plants won’t ever need to be pruned others may need a little trim from time to time. Thankfully, this pruner easily deadheads, trims and shapes your plants. It’s great for both outdoor and indoor use. Plants are delicate, and this indoor digital hygrometer will help keep them on the right track. You’ll also receive instant alerts when the temperature or humidity in your space falls out of range. Therefore, you can rest assured knowing your plants are getting the proper care they need. Even when plants are healthy, they can droop and fall to the side. To help them grow vertically, this two-piece pole set trains them.  Each stake is also covered in fibre extracted from the husk of coconut to allow aerial roots to easily penetrate the material. Help your indoor plants flourish with this grow light. The brand recommends you expose the plant to the light twice a day with each session lasting six hours. Perhaps you invited in some macrame hangers and need the hooks to install them. If that’s the case, this two-pack set will do the trick. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.