 Let’s face it, working from home can do a number on your posture. And though working on your laptop in pajamas while in bed sure beats heading to the office, it certainly isn’t doing your neck and shoulders any favors. If you’re like many WFH employees fighting those pesky neck and shoulder aches and pains, temporary pain relief can be at your fingertips thanks to the DR-HO Neck Pain Pro Complete 6-Piece Set. And right now this featured item is on sale for 56% off and can be yours for $129.99. Whether you’re dealing with pain from poor posture, a recent injury, or battling arthritis, the DR-HO Neck Pain Pro Complete 6-Piece Set helps to increase the local circulation while stimulating and massaging your sore and aching muscles to bring some relief.   This gadget combines three different pain relief technologies — Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation (TENS), Electrical Muscle Stimulation (EMS), and DR-HOs proprietary Auto-Modulating Pulse (AMP) stimulation — to help ease the pain around your neck and other areas. The massage techniques used are deep kneading and rubbing, and the smart electrodes are able to deliver more targeted stimulation, while the AMP auto modulates your massage, making it stand out from the competitors. Even though it was made specially for the neck, the DR-HO Neck Pain Pro includes additional body pads that you can put to use on other painful parts of the body as well to banish pain and muscle tension, or to help increase circulation. With 4.2 stars on Amazon, customers have found relief with the DR-HO Neck Pain Pro. Richard shared, “I’ve experienced less stiffness in my neck, better rotation so I can turn my neck more easily bend it without pain, and my shoulders as well.” And Melodee shared, “The biggest difference is first thing in the morning. I wake up a lot looser. I find having used it during the day that I’m not as tight at night either.” Let the DR-HO Neck Pain Pro Complete 6-Piece Set bring your achy neck and shoulders some much needed temporary relief. Get it today for just $129.99. Prices subject to change.