Kamala Harris just took dumbing down to a whole new level. During an appearance on the syndicated “Morning Hustle” radio program, Harris was asked by co-host Headkrack to explain the conflict “in layman’s terms for people who don’t understand what’s going on and how can this directly affect the people of the United States?” Speaking slowly, Harris began, “So, Ukraine is a country in Europe.” “It exists next to another country called Russia,” she continued. “Russia is a bigger country. Russia is a powerful country. Russia decided to invade a smaller country called Ukraine. So, basically, that’s wrong, and it goes against everything that we stand for.” Conservative critics laid into the vice president on social media Tuesday over her overly simplistic explanation of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, with one commenter comparing it to an episode of children’s TV program “Peppa Pig.” Washington Examiner executive editor Seth Mandel described Harris’ statement as “terrifying.” “She just has a real inability to talk normally to [people],” Mandel noted on Twitter. “Layman’s terms doesn’t mean ‘assume the audience has never heard of Russia.'” “Layman’s terms just means don’t answer ‘the parallel trends of NATO enlargement and post-Soviet de-nuclearization in the 90s really set us on the path to the failed Minsk Agreement,'” he went on. “You may use, without defining, words such as ‘Russia.'” “Sounds like me reading off notecards in 5th grade,” cracked GOP campaign consultant Nathan Wurtzel. “I’m proud to announce that my 9-year-old daughter was hired last week as VP Harris’ speechwriter,” tweeted Manhattan Institute senior fellow Brian Riedl. “‘When two countries love each other very much, they sometimes make littler countries,'” mocked Spectator USA contributing editor Stephen Miller. “‘And sometimes as they get older they drift apart and then split up. This is not the fault of the countries really.'” “Apparently Vice President Kamala Harris believes the average American layperson is aged 4,” seethed The Federalist publisher Ben Domenech. “You will hear higher levels of explanation of international affairs in Peppa Pig.” Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. Former Trump White House counselor Kellyanne Conway called Harris’ statement “embarrassing” and added, “No wonder staffers smarter than her have quit.” “As I’ve said before: Harris’ answers to substantive questions always sound like she’s doing a book report on a book she hasn’t read,” tweeted conservative commentator and media critic AG Hamilton. This is not the first time Harris’ grasp of foreign policy had been called into question. While meeting with reporters at the Munich Security Conference in Germany last month, the veep was criticized for stating that Europe had enjoyed “peace and security” since the end of World War II, apparently forgetting Soviet incursions into Hungary and Czechoslovakia during the Cold War, the Balkan civil wars of the 1990s and Russia’s campaigns in Chechnya, Georgia and Ukraine under President Vladimir Putin.