The suspects charged with repeatedly stabbing a Queens pizza shop owner and his dad have also been hit with charges for allegedly carrying out two other brutal attacks in the days before. Robert Whack, 30, and his brother-in-law, Supreme Gooding, 18, who are both now in custody over Saturday’s attack at Louie’s pizzeria in Elmhurst, were also charged in connection with terrorizing two other Queens residents, according to criminal complaints against them. On Monday last week, the pair were caught on surveillance footage viciously beating a man outside 89-39 Elmhurst Avenue, court docs said. Video of the attack caught Gooding “punch, kick and stomp the complainant multiple times,” with his older brother-in-law kicking him multiple times, the docs say. Whack was then caught unfolding “what appears to be a knife” which he “appears to thrust” at the victim multiple times, the complaint said. The victim was hospitalized with blunt force trauma to his head and body, which needed six stitches to puncture wounds, the docs said. The pair admitted being the men caught in footage at the scene, with Whack blaming the victim for “mean mugging us” and “[throwing] up gang signs in our face,” the docs show. “I always carry my knife with me. I stabbed him twice,” Whack allegedly admitted, accusing his victim of having had a gun. The pair were hit with a slew of charges for that incident, including assault, harassment and criminal possession of a weapon. The pair were also charged with grand larceny for allegedly snatching a purse containing $2,500 from a 75-year-old woman outside of her apartment building less than a week earlier, on March 16, docs show. The victim said she was opening the apartment door “when she felt her beige purse and walking cane to be pulled from her hands and felt an object strike her leg.” The purse had $2,500 cash as well as bank cards and a phone when it was snatched, causing the elderly victim “alarm,” the docs claim. Shown a photo from the scene, Whack allegedly admitted, “That is Supreme. That is me. That is my wife. We’re always together.” Meanwhile, the duo also faces charges for robbery, assault and criminal possession of a weapon over Saturday’s attack at the pizzeria. Whack was also charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance for what cops believe is heroin, while Gooding was arraigned on an attempted murder charge. That attack left pizza store owner Louie Suljovic, a 38-year-old military veteran, and his 68-year-old dad, Cazim Suljovic, with punctured lungs as they rushed to help a 61-year-old woman from being robbed. Cops hailed father and son as heroes — and well-wishers collected more than $115,000 for them by Wednesday morning, more than $40,000 over what the online fundraiser had sought. “Louie and his father Charlie are absolutely stunned with gratitude at how many people chipped in,” the fundraiser said. The fundraiser for the pizza shop owner and his dad has raised so much it now wants to also help the elderly woman that the pair had rushed to help. It had noted how the store had helped frontline workers at nearby Elmhurst hospital during the early days of the pandemic. “We knew the owners were heroes, but the bravery and heroism they showed” in the attack “was truly off the charts,” the fundraiser said.