Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson quickly faced questions about her sentencing philosophy for child pornography convictions during the second day of confirmation hearings Tuesday, following Republican criticism of the length of some of the prison terms she handed down for such criminals. Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) attempted to head off potentially fraught inquiries after Sen. Josh Hawley (R-Mo.) indicated Monday that he would grill the DC Circuit Court of Appeals judge on several child porn cases in which Jackson issued sentences that Hawley deemed too lenient. “He was questioning your sentencing record in child pornography cases that do not involve the production of pornographic material. They’re known as non-production cases,” Durbin said, citing tweets by Hawley that accused her of letting child porn offenders “off the hook.” “I thought about his charges as I watched you and your family listening carefully yesterday, and what impact that might have had on you personally…Could you tell us what was going through your mind at that point?” Durbin asked. “As a mother and a judge who has had to deal with these cases I was thinking that nothing could be further from the truth,” Jackson responded. “These are some of the most difficult cases that a judge has to deal with because we’re talking about pictures of sex abuse of children,” she said. “We’re talking about graphic descriptions that judges have to read and consider when they decide how to sentence in these cases.” The judge stood by her sentences, noting that statutes determined by Congress to guide those decisions are “sufficient but not greater than necessary.” Jackson noted the length of time since the laws were written, saying, “The way that the guideline is now structured, based on that set of circumstances, is leading to extreme disparities in the system. Because it is so easy for people to get volumes of this kind of material now by computers, so it’s not doing the work of differentiating who is a more serious offender in the way that it used to.“ “Congress has to determine how it wishes for judges to handle these cases,” she later added. “But as it currently stands, the way that the law is written, the way that Congress has directed the Sentencing Commission, appears to be not consistent with how these crimes are committed and therefore there’s extreme disparity.” Multiple times during the hearing, Jackson was pressed on her opinion of Democrats or Republicans increasing the size of the Supreme Court – a practice known as court-packing. Each time, the judge avoided giving her specific opinion — following now-Justice Amy Coney Barrett’s decision to do the same during her own Supreme Court confirmation hearings. “I agree with Justice Barrett in her response to that question when she was asked before the committee,” Jackson said, later emphasizing her commitment to “staying in my lane.” As the Supreme Court mulls overturning the controversial Roe vs. Wade ruling on abortion access later this year, Sen. Diane Feinstein (D-Calif.) pressed Jackson on the matter. “I do agree with both Justice Kavanaugh and Justice Barrett on this issue,” Jackson told the senator before referencing a second landmark abortion case, Planned Parenthood vs. Casey. “Roe and Casey are the settled law of the Supreme Court concerning the right to terminate a woman’s pregnancy. They have established a framework that the court has reaffirmed,” she said. The appeals court judge was also pressed on the Second Amendment, with committee ranking member Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) simply asking, “Do you believe the individual right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right?” “Senator, the Supreme Court has established that the individual right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right,” Jackson said. Jackson, who would be the first black woman on the Supreme Court if confirmed, was also expected to face questions from Republicans about her time as a public defender – when she counted a Guantanamo Bay terror detainee among her clients. The question-and-answer period began shortly after 9 a.m. Tuesday, with all 22 senators getting half-an-hour to quiz Jackson in order of seniority. During the first day of hearings, the judge vowed to “decide cases from a neutral posture.” “If I am confirmed, I commit to you that I will work productively to support and defend the Constitution and this grand experiment of American democracy that has endured over these past 246 years,” she told the panel, later adding: “I have been a judge for nearly a decade now. And I take that responsibility and my duty to be independent very seriously.” Jackson may also face inquiries about racial issues, abortion and a push by some progressives to increase the number of Supreme Court justices. Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) hinted that she will question the judge on her “hidden agenda” and “judicial philosophy.” “I can only wonder: What’s your hidden agenda? Is it to let violent criminals, cop-killers and child predators back to the streets? Is it to restrict parental rights and expand government’s reach into our schools and our private family decisions?” Blackburn asked. “Is it to support the radical left’s attempt to pack the Supreme Court? … Is it your personal hidden agenda to incorporate critical race theory into our legal system? These are answers that the American people need to know.” Jackson, who has previously been confirmed by the Senate to three federal posts, was nominated by President Biden last month to fill retiring Justice Stephan Breyer’s seat. Democrats are looking to finish her confirmation process before the Senate recesses in mid-April. If confirmed, Jackson would join the court for its next term in October.