Public relations is a spin industry: It’s all about putting a high gloss on things and never saying what you mean. But about a year ago, PR veteran Jeremy Murphy, founder of boutique PR agency 360bespoke, decided he was done with all that. He was going to tell it like it is. Namely, he was going to post snarky lists on PR, Marketing and Media Czars — a Facebook group for people in the industry that boasts 20,000 members. And his snark would be aimed at “Chloe” — a catchall name for a certain type of Gen Z PR employee that everyone has in their office. “It was during covid, I might have been drinking,” says Murphy, 46, former Vice President of Communications at CBS. “I was like, ‘This is what I hate.’ I was done with it. I had had it. I wanted to let it spill out of me. And I started putting out these lists.” That’s how “F*ck Off, Chloe!: Surviving the OMGs! and FMLs! in Your Media Career” (Skyhorse) came to be: An insider guide to anyone looking to LOL while writing that 19th press release. Chloe is “raised to believe she is a superstar” and “wants the corner office on day one,” despite the fact that she “can’t even, whatever the task is in front of her.” Other misdeeds: “She posts more than ten instagram stories a day with videos saying “What’s up, bitches?” to the 20,000 people who inexplicably follow her.” “She has no idea who Madonna is” and “She has no shame in copying and pasting whatever she finds online and passing it off as research.” Murphy describes the Chloe phenomenon as a relatively new development specific to Gen Z. “They grew up on social media and they think everything they say is important,” says Murphy. “They feel completely empowered to impose their values on someone else. Millennials were not this bad and they were horrible. The new generation wants you to change the company before they even join.” “Most of them say it’s offensive and completely inappropriate and so funny. It’s something you read at home,” he says of the feedback he’s gotten from industry colleagues. “It’s kind of saucy. It might offend someone — but I haven’t had anyone that didn’t enjoy it. We’re spending so much time being outraged that it’s like, let’s stop and just laugh. We need that cathartic experience. PR is not that important — we’re not curing cancer.”