That’s tough. Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner claims the team didn’t inform him about his release on Tuesday — just hours after Seattle traded quarterback Russell Wilson to the Broncos in a blockbuster move. “Crazy part about all this. I played there for 10 years & I didn’t even hear it from them that I wasn’t coming back,” Wagner tweeted Friday. The Cowboys have already reached out to the free-agent linebacker and expressed interest in having him play for defensive coordinator Dan Quinn, according to ESPN. Quinn coached Wagner in the 2013-14 season, when the Seahawks had one of the best defenses in NFL history, leading the league in scoring defense, total defense, pass defense, and takeaways. The pair went on to win Super Bowl 48 with the Seahawks blowing out the Broncos, 43-8, at MetLife Stadium. Seahawks general manager John Schneider called it “an extremely difficult day for the organization” on Tuesday when Wagner was released. “Bobby has been at the center of our defense for the past 10 seasons and always represented our organization with class. He is a special player and person, and we are forever grateful,” Schneider said, adding that Wagner “will always be a Hawk.” Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll said Wagner is “one of the great Seahawks of all-time,” and praised his leadership in the community, locker room, and on the field. The Utah State product arrived in Seattle as a second-round pick in the 2012 NFL Draft and helped lead the Seahawks to its first and only Super Bowl. Wagner, who turns 31 in June, led the league in tackles in 2016 and 2019. He also earned a team-record eight All-Pro selections – six of them first-team – and was selected to the Pro Bowl eight straight years beginning in 2014. He is expected to be a sought-after free agent after recording a career-high 170 combined tackles in 16 games last season. After a series of stunning moves this week, Seattle appears to be in re-build mode. The release of Wagner marks the end of an era for the Seahawks, which has now let go the last player on their roster from their lone Super Bowl-winning season.