Notorious “Soho grifter” Anna Sorokin claims she caught the coronavirus in January after Immigration and Customs Enforcement refused to give her a booster shot. The 31-year-old convicted thief — whose life and crimes were glamourized in the new Netflix drama “Inventing Anna” — sued federal immigration authorities on Tuesday along with three other ICE detainees. The plaintiffs claim ICE violated their constitutional rights as medically vulnerable people by ignoring to their booster requests. Sorokin, who is fighting deportation to Germany, tested positive for COVID-19 on Jan. 19, weeks after she submitted a written request for a second vaccine dose that went unanswered, according to the complaint, filed in in Washington, DC federal court. She has been in custody at the Orange County Correctional Facility since last year for allegedly overstaying her visa. The infamous fraudster had a fever, persistent cough, nausea, migraines and body aches, and continued to experience side effects even after leaving quarantine on Jan. 29, the filing states. She suffers from “several medical conditions” that make her vulnerable to serious illness from COVID, including a chronic kidney infection, depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder, according to the suit. Sorokin “has not heard of any other detained people” getting boosters at the Orange County Correctional Facility in Goshen, NY, where she’s been held since June 7, 2021, the complaint says. The fake heiress was transferred to Goshen from the Bergen County Correctional Facility in Hackensack, NJ, where she got the one-dose Johnson & Johnson vaccine in April 2021. She was taken into ICE custody on March 25, 2021, a month after being released from the Albion Correctional Facility for good behavior. The feds claim she has overstayed her visa and should be sent back to Germany. Sorokin was hit with a four-to-12-year sentence in 2019 on grand larceny and theft of services convictions for posing as a wealthy German heiress to scam $200,000 from banks and businesses. She also tried to fake her way to a $22 million bank loan to launch a Manhattan art club. Under the elaborate scheme, Sorokin used the name Anna Delvey and claimed to have a multi-million trust fund. The Russian truck driver’s daughter infiltrated New York’s social scene, hobnobbed with the city’s elite and lived in luxury hotels without footing the bill. Netflix controversially paid her about $320,000 for the rights to her life story and for consulting on its drama, produced by Shonda Rhimes and starring Julia Garner in the title role. Sorokin spent $198,000 of that in restitution and said the rest went to her legal fees. ICE did not immediately return a request for comment on the lawsuit, which was first reported by Reuters Wednesday. The American Civil Liberties Union, which filed the complaint on behalf of the plaintiffs, said Sorokin was referred by another nonprofit group after she expressed concerns about not getting a booster. “We were not looking to put fireworks around her name,” Arthur Spitzer, a lawyer with the ACLU, told Reuters. “We thought to the extent that her involvement brings additional attention to the problem, it’s a plus for everyone and not just for her.” In a statement provided through the ACLU, Sorokin said she’s scared of catching the virus again. “I joined this lawsuit because everyone who wants a booster shot to protect themselves should be able to get one,” she said.