After nearly three decades in the music industry, Maxwell is still breaking off the fans with a little sumthin’ sumthin‘. The 48-year-old R&B crooner established his dominance in the music industry with his critically acclaimed debut album “Maxwell’s Urban Hang Suite.” The April 1996 Columbia release re-defined soul music, went double-platinum and earned the newcomer his first Grammy nod for “Best R&B Album.” In the years to come, Maxwell would solidify his sex-symbol status by wielding his flawless falsetto on platinum followups “Embrya” (1998), “Now” (2001) and the two-time Grammy Award-winning “BLACKsummers’night” (2009), which debuted No. 1 on the Billboard 200. His last album, 2016’s “blackSUMMERS’night” the second installment of his musical trilogy — continued the Brooklyn native’s legacy of creating majestic soul singles so sensual and sultry, the project transformed itself into the quintessential soundtrack for sex and earned Maxwell a 2017 Best R&B Song Grammy for “Lake By The Ocean.” Now Maxwell is back, hitting the road — his “The Night Tour” popped into Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Wednesday night — and perfecting his art for seduction with the long-awaited finale to his musical trifecta “blacksummers’NIGHT,” set for release this spring. Here the artist discusses the need to celebrate women, his Caribbean heritage and inspire fans to spend the night making babies. We did it because we love each other’s music, we wanted to be comrades and to step out into the world and celebrate all of these women, specifically black women. We bias out here. [LOL] It’s been an amazing journey even with all the protocols that we have to go through to successfully give the people what they want. It’s been an absolute delight watching Joe. Joe is one of my favorite R&B guys and then you have Anthony Hamilton. By the time I get on stage, I got my work cut out for me because they’re blowing. It’s beautiful. It brings a tear to my eye to be able to be a part of something like that. I’m Haitian. Literally, what people perceive as twerking, that’s how we dance. Like going low is what we do. So it’s so crazy to see how that has played out. But at the end of the day, it’s all good and fun. And I just hope people are having a good time and I don’t take myself seriously. I’m just happy that people are enjoying themselves and God bless. But I just want to be clear about the fact that I am not twerking. I am just being a West Indian man dancing to “Lake By The Ocean,” the video for which was shot in Haiti. That is what that part of the show is about. It’s about celebrating the fact that I’m from the Caribbean. Not that I’m twerking [LOL]. Yes, it just happened in Columbus, Greensboro. I think it’s fun. [Just] make sure they are sanitized and COVID-free. Sometimes I’ll be looking in the audience and there’s a lady sitting next to her husband or boyfriend and he’s mean-muggin’ me. I just want to say, “Look, bruh, I’m here to seal the deal for you. I have got your back. I don’t want to take anything away. I’m here to bring things.” That’s the code that I walk by. But that’s what’s so special about having Joe and Anthony and myself. We’re literally celebrating the ladies. We’re celebrating all women of all walks of life. It’s been such a thing for me to celebrate women in a way so that they know that no matter how you look, or what size you are, you are beautiful. You are amazing, all that you are, just the way that you are. I’m definitely focused on the ladies. Well, when I was a kid, I listened to The Quiet Storm radio station. We would listen to the slow jams. The slow jams were always the best parts of the records. We love the up-tempo [songs] obviously, but I’ve always been partial to music that’s curated for romance. I’m just glad that it’s been successful and that I wrote songs that I can still sing and not feel embarrassed singing about because that’s very key. You have to write age-appropriate and decade-appropriate [music] because I am now Uncle Max to a lot of people. I’m not Maxwell — who’s, like, 20. I have to conduct myself a certain way and write things that will truly uplift people. At the end of the day, I am a musician. I love making music. That’s my joy. I’m here to make people have fun, have a good time and go home and have more babies. The last part of my trilogy is “blacksummers’NIGHT.” That is about to come out, so we named it “The Night Tour.” It’s great to be back out. I just want all the people to know that life is about following your dreams. It’s really about that. Finding joy in your passion can make your life and other people’s lives so much better. So follow your passion. And if your passion is, you know, being a doctor and a lawyer, knock it out. But my passion was music, and I’m just grateful that everybody out there listened to it, loved it and appreciates it to this day. Twenty-six years later.  