Getting to sleep is enough of a challenge every night, so it’s important to make sure that once you drift off you stay in slumberland. If you or your loved one struggle with snoring, even the most elaborate bedtime routines won’t be able to ensure a restful night’s sleep. Fortunately, we’re now in the 21st century and in the presence of technology that can stop snoring in its tracks… with just a sleep mask! Yep, the Hupnos Anti-Snoring Sleep Mask is an easy way to conquer snoring, while simultaneously shielding your eyes from light sources and helping you sleep, especially as we approach daylight saving time and a disrupted sleep schedule. Right now this innovative sleep mask is on sale for 52% off and can help you or your partner stop snoring for $94.99, or grab a two pack for both of you for $175 (56% off). You can’t achieve a deep sleep if you’re unable to breathe freely. Snoring prevents you (or your loved one!) from getting the proper amount of shuteye, and the Hupnos Anti-Snoring Sleep Mask has embraced technology to ensure this comes to an end. Curious how it works? The mask is paired with an app that detects your snoring and gives you a gentle buzz if you snore while on your back at night. These tiny vibrations will cue you to roll over without totally waking you up. The mask also increases your expiration pressure, opening your airways and allowing you to breathe quieter without snoring. Made of comfortable premium microfiber and an adjustable rear head strap, you won’t even know you’re wearing this revolutionary mask at night, thanks to it’s comfortable fit. It’s also super easy to clean, as it’s machine-washable and its removable silicone nose piece can be cleaned up with just gentle soap and water. Men’s Health, AARP, Engadget, Sleep Review and Forbes have all featured this game-changing sleep aid. Let it help you and your beloved get a better night’s sleep ahead of daylight saving time and snag one Hupnos Anti-Snoring Sleep Mask today for just $94.99, or purchase a two pack for $175 (56% off). Prices subject to change.