New team, same romance. Kristaps Porzingis’ girlfriend, Laura Vizla, was in Washington D.C. to watch the 7-foot-3 Latvian drop 25 points in his Wizards debut on Sunday in a 133-123 win against the Pacers. The couple enjoyed a date night after the game at an unnamed restaurant, where they posed for photos at a private table. Porzingis, 26, shared a cute snap with Vizla to his Instagram that showed the two smiling and staring at one another over cocktails and oysters. “Back in the east,” Porzingis captioned his post, which also included a photo of the Wizards star standing near a black Range Rover. Porzingis, who is fairly private about his love life, made the relationship Instagram official last September, with a pair of selfies that showed Vizla cuddled up on his arm. It’s unclear when Porzingis and Vizla got together, although it’s been reported that they met in the summer of 2019. Porzingis played on a minutes restriction in his Wizards debut on Sunday, after a bone bruise in his right knee sidelined him since Jan. 29. He put up 25 points in 21 minutes, to go with five rebounds in his first game since Dallas traded the big man and a second-round pick to the Washington for guard Spencer Dinwiddie and forward Davis Bertans. “It’s been a smooth transition all the way around,” a smiling Porzingis said in a postgame press conference. “I feel good here, honestly… Hopefully we’ll have [Bradley Beal] next season. I don’t know what the situation is, but I would love to play with him and [Kyle Kuzma] and the rest of the guys. I think there are some exciting things to look forward to.” Kuzma, who had 23 points, praised “The Unicorn” after the win over Indiana. “It was phenomenal. Teams can’t just load up on me, having that extra guy out there that causes a lot of threat to defenses. With him, he’s so versatile. … There’s a reason why they call him ‘The Unicorn,'” he said. The Wizards are 11th in the Eastern Conference as of Tuesday morning, just 1.5 games out of the final spot play-in tournament. Washington plays the Clippers in Los Angeles on Wednesday.