Composting — a term used and promoted by the environmentally minded, but not something all of us are all-knowing about. With spring about to take bloom, it’s sustainability’s shining moment, even though reducing your carbon footprint and living by the elementary-learned “reduce! reuse! recycle” chant is best practiced all year round. Now that the color green is in mind, it’s time to talk about composting. The New York Post turned to Rick Carr, farm director and master composter at Rodale Institute, for a beginner’s guide on composting — along with learning about the best compost bins to shop for your backyard. Carr has a wealth of knowledge on the subject, from his experience as a technician at Cornell University who then “took composting to the max” (as he described), researching it in graduate school and taking it to the field in Argentina when managing a large-scale composting facility. He knows all things large-scale in a farm setting and small-scale in your backyard, impressively. So, give this article a good read if you’re looking to improve your environmental impact. Click to jump to the best compost bins: Composting has two parts to it: the front end and the back end. “The front end is waste management; rather than throwing food waste in the trash, we take what someone considers a waste material and process it into a valuable soil amendment for plant growth and reproduction in our backyards,” Carr told me over a phone call, right after he said, “I’ll call you back in 10 minutes, I’m in the field.” A true expert, to say the least. The other part is conferring the benefit of making our plants healthy — using composting as a resource rooted in conservation. Once your compost bin’s pile is ready, it can be dispersed into your soil as a natural fertilizer. “For the individual, it can save you money,” Carr explains further. “Your waste costs are lower and you don’t have to buy fertilizer and, at the end of the day, it kind of feels good that you can take this nasty food waste material and turn it into this nice dark, crumbly valuable soil amendment.” Everybody is going to want something different in a compost bin, with a few considerations to take into account, according to Carr. “You have to keep in mind how large you want it, which is dictated by how much waste you and your family generates,” he said. “Convenience is another thing: where are you going to put it? Is it a plastic bin you’re going to place next to your house, or is it a chicken-wire bin that’s going to be moved a little farther away?” Material is another frame of reference when scouring the market for a good compost bin. The outdoor containers are mostly made of wood, plastic or metal. After years of experience, Carr’s favorite is a welded-wire bin. “It’s metal, holds up, can be shaped into whatever size you want, is lightweight and seems to be the most cost-effective and user-friendly as well.” “You can compost anything nature can break down,” Carr explains. “With that said, there are some items that can cause problems if you don’t do it right; meats, dairy, fats, oils and fermented items aren’t recommended for beginner composters.” But, if you’re experienced, “you can take an entire cow and compost that,” he said. Yes, you can compost weeds, too. “Over time, the compost pile will break down some of those weed seeds,” Carr said. “You’re going to have weeds in your garden regardless if you compost.” According to Carr, turning a compost more than once a year is a tall order (even taller depending on the size of your bin. “I turn it once a year in the spring and let it sit for a year,” he said, explaining the process he mastered over time. “After two years, 100% of the bin is ready to go. After one year, 50% is ready to go.” So, if you were to begin composting this month, you can handle your compost pile in the fall, though your top pile wouldn’t be ready, per Carr. Your bottom pile will, though, and in a year from now, most will be ready to disperse into the soil. For less than $50, this outdoor compost bin resembles your trash can for a seamless, environmentally conscious addition to your backyard. Made of plastic, it expands up to four feet (or 246 gallons) and also comes in green and tan. As an Amazon’s Choice item, VivoSun’s Outdoor Tumbling Dual-Batch Compost Bin is a durable hub for all your food waste. Its two chambers allow for one side to “cook” while you add more items to compost at the other side — genius and organization-approved. Speaking to Carr’s favorite type of compost bin, Nanan Garden’s 3-Bin Wire Composter is an airy option that is still photogenic in your backyard. Its sturdy wiring is flexible, too, and the three-bin capacity is a generously sized feature. If you’re new to the composting world, OXO’s Good Grips Easy-Clean Compost Bin may be up your alley. For less than $25, you can’t go wrong, especially if you want to get a feel for how it works in your small backyard. This farmhouse-like cedar composter is a fine option if you want to achieve that rustic-fenced look in your backyard. Its thick boards lock into the four posts, making it a durable and open-bottomed frame to house your soon-to-be plant nutrients. Much like your traditional recycling bin, Graf’s Composter is a forest green option that, with its grassy color, will camouflage into your backyard. Plus, its two large lids make it simple to access and turn. We didn’t know compost bins could be stylish until we came across FCMP Outdoor’s Essential Living Composter. In an elegantly modern design, this composter is a smaller option (available in other fun colors, too) that can even be stored inside your outdoor shed. You don’t have to worry about taking care of stainless steel; we covered how to clean it in our guide to the best house cleaning products. That said, this $30 composter has an antiquey feel and is an affordable option to do your part in helping the environment Conveniently, Carr’s favorite wired compost bin is available in a smaller, less-than-$60 option on Amazon.com. It’s one of the retailer’s favorites, too, namely for its collapsible functionality and seemingly perfect size for beginners. We couldn’t resist adding Exaco’s Galvanized Steel Compost Bin to the mix. Not only does it match some of your favorite labeled kitchen storage essentials but it has that durable construction you know will remain closed and ready for its next tumble. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.