TAMPA, Fla. — The Lightning play a fast-paced, north-south game that many other NHL teams simply can’t keep up with — but the Rangers have proven they can. In more ways than one, the Rangers went toe-to-toe with the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, before Mika Zibanejad blasted a one-timer on the power play late in the third period for a 2-1 win Saturday night at Amalie Arena. The Rangers’ power play was off for a majority of the night, failing to generate many scoring opportunities on all but one of their six man-advantages. But when it came down to the wire, the Rangers capitalized to secure a three-game sweep of mighty Tampa Bay this season. Matching the Lightning’s ferocity on the puck, the Rangers managed to tie the game at one goal apiece at 9:25 of the second period. Alexis Lafreniere’s shot from the top of the zone made its way through traffic before Jacob Trouba cleaned up the rebound. The Lightning challenged for goalie interference, but the call was upheld and the Rangers earned a power play. With the goal, Trouba tied his career-high at 10 — set in 2013-14 — to lead all Rangers defensemen in scoring. Lightning winger Pat Maroon took the increasing physicality of the game a step too far when he bumped Rangers star goalie Igor Shesterkin behind the Blueshirts net. Ryan Lindgren took exception and went after Maroon, who got in some nasty uppercuts before earning an interference penalty and then a matching roughing penalty with the Rangers defenseman. Ryan Reaves later handed Maroon the consequences at the start of the third period, playing the enforcer role he adopted when he came to the Rangers this offseason. The two dropped the gloves, and Reaves landed a few punches before exchanging some heated words with Maroon. The two teams exchanged some quality high-danger shots within the first five minutes of the game, including an extended shift from the Rangers’ third line, in which Andrei Vasilevskiy had to come up with big saves on his former teammate, Barclay Goodrow, and Dryden Hunt. Both clubs also earned a power play each in the opening 20 minutes, but the Lightning were the only ones to capitalize. After the Rangers survived a long delayed penalty, defenseman Patrik Nemeth took a seat in the box for interference at 15:40. Victor Hedman then sent a long shot from the point that stopped under Shesterkin, who lost track of the puck before Brayden Point swooped in to put it in just over a minute into the Tampa man advantage. Rangers head coach Gerard Gallant did not seem thrilled the refs didn’t whistle the play dead.