The NBA continues to reach into Julius Randle’s bank account. Randle was fined $40,000 by the league on Tuesday for “directing hostile language at a game official” in Sunday’s loss to the Jazz. It marked the fourth time Randle was assessed a fine this season, totaling $130,000. The Knicks also were fined $25,000 in January for not making Randle available to the media. Randle, who did not play in Tuesday’s game against the Hawks due to a sore right quadriceps tendon, also was fined $15,000 for kicking a ball into the stands in October, $25,000 for using profanity in a press conference in January and $50,000 earlier this month when he failed to cooperate with the league’s investigation after he was ejected for shoving Phoenix’s Cam Johnson. Asked before the latest fine was announced about Randle’s current injury, Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said the team’s leading scorer is day-to-day. “It’s just some soreness he’s been dealing with,” Thibodeau said. “Basically, probably rest is the only thing that will clear it up.” Kevin Knox has earned even fewer minutes with the Hawks than he had with the Knicks before the Jan. 13 trade that brought Cam Reddish to the Knicks. Knox, the ninth-overall pick in the 2018 draft, has appeared in 12 games for Atlanta, averaging 1.6 points in 6.4 minutes per appearance. “I think it’s just opportunity for him. We think he does have the talent,” Hawks coach Nate McMillan said before the game. “He has the size to play the 3 or the 4 positions. He’s played really limited minutes for us because he’s playing behind two forwards, both in that power forward and small-forward spot. “So it’s been limited minutes for him to play. But we like him being on the roster and when the opportunity presented itself, I’ve tried to get him out on the floor.” Charlotte’s protected 2022 first-round pick also was sent by the Knicks to Atlanta in the deal. Reddish is out for the season with a shoulder injury. Derrick Rose (ankle) and Nerlens Noel (foot) also remained out for the Knicks. The Hawks were without John Collins (finger/foot) and Lou Williams (personal reasons).