Democratic pundits, worried about the midterms and Joe Biden’s terrible approval ratings, are sounding the alarm: That dastardly “fringe” is hurting the party. “This whole noisy, identity left” composing “15% of the party” has taken over (James Carville). “The Democrats have to step away from the super wokeness” (MSNBC host Donny Deutsch). But what’s the distinction between super wokeness and ordinary wokeness when the party’s oldest and most mainstream members are all pushing ideas that would have seemed outlandish in the Obama era? Biden offered a Fed nominee who said she wanted to deny credit to the fossil fuel companies that power America, and tried to put an actual Marxist in charge of the currency. Only 10% of the senators in the party spoke out against this. The party’s new legal superstar, Supreme Court nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson, can’t offer a definition of a woman because “I’m not a biologist”? Being moderately woke is like being moderately pregnant. Democrats now view everything in terms of who’s being systematically oppressed. The reasonable view of racism is that there has always been racism in America. The woke translation is that America is defined by bigotry. From there you get to “I have no idea how to distinguish a woman” in about three intellectual moves. Trans people claim to be oppressed, they insist that a woman or man is whoever declares that status on any given day, and because oppression must be cosseted, acknowledged, and put at the forefront of every question, the Democratic Party nods enthusiastically or simply remains silent. Voters are bound to notice when a party is singing nothing but looney tunes. Don’t call it a lunatic “fringe.” Lunacy is the heart, soul and brain of the Democratic Party now. As essayist Wesley Yale noted on Twitter, “The existence of a controversy” about the definition of a woman “is something manufactured within the last five years, and not through advancement of our scientific understanding.” The Democrats brand Latinos with a term they hate (Latinx), cling to masks like Japanese soldiers still fighting WW II in 1957 and teach sex ed in kindergarten. Forced masking for toddlers! Let property crimes go unanswered! Spend trillions of dollars to reduce inflation! Closing schools for a year is no big deal! Take illegal immigrants from the border and sprinkle them all over the country! Beg Saudis for fuel while stopping Americans from producing it! Everything the Democrats are saying, at every level from the trivial to the economy-defining, is nuttier than an explosion at the Snickers factory. Retiring Democrat Stephanie Murphy of Florida — leaping off the party bus as it drives through a red light, off the overpass and through the roof of the manure processing plant — says her party is being taken over by a faction that is trying to “dismantle capitalism.” Somewhere, AOC and Vermont’s Mr. BS are thinking, “Duh!!”