They’re a new sort of MILF on the scene. They’re mothers-to-be In Lusty Fashions, and Rihanna is queen among them. The pregnant 34-year-old music and beauty icon has been unapologetically flaunting her bare baby bump in lacy lingerie, latex crop tops and designer leather minidresses since announcing her incoming little one with rapper A$AP Rocky, 33, in February. Other women expecting are onboard with the looks. “[Rihanna] has created a movement that shows the world women can still look and feel sexy during pregnancy,” pregnant influencer Stephany Gomez, 22, told The Post. The San Diego, California-based content creator recently re-created RiRi’s $22,000 pregnancy-reveal outfit for her 16,900 fans on TikTok. Gomez paired a pink blazer decorated in gold buttons with frayed denim pants to mimic the “Wild Thoughts” singer’s now-legendary look: a pink Chanel puffer open to show her belly, ripped jeans and gold tummy jewels. “She inspires me to show off my body, confidently,” said Gomez, who’s six months pregnant with her first baby, a boy. “Instead of trying to cover my belly up, I make it look hot.” She’s grateful to RiRi and other celebs — such as Kylie Jenner, 24, and Cardi B, 29 — who are showing that being pregnant doesn’t have to mean a life of tent dresses and cutesy overalls. “They’ve helped me realize that it’s totally acceptable to dress how I typically would, and to feel comfortable in my own skin despite the major changes my body is going through,” said Gomez, who still dons alluring apparel from online outlets like Fashion Nova, PrettyLittleThing and her own shop Sxoboutique. Although such brands offer maternity collections, she often favors ordering non-maternity pieces in larger sizes. “I have not bought a single piece of traditional maternity clothing because most of the pieces on the market aren’t very flattering,” she said. “I’m happy to order from companies I’d normally shop with and just buy what I like in whatever size I’m wearing at the time.” And she spends about $300 a month on flirty finery to ensure that her outerwear properly reflects her inner glow — a practice also promoted by Rihanna. “When you look good, you feel good,” the “Fashion Killa” crooner told People of her provocative pregnancy looks at the Fenty Beauty Universe fête in LA last month. “[Sexy clothing] really can… make you feel like a bad bitch.” Six-months-pregnant Summer Rachel Warren agrees. So the 24-year-old drops a whopping $2,000 monthly on eye-popping pregnancy attire from Balenciaga and Dior in an effort to maintain her swagger. “Wearing the same [sort of] clothes I wore pre-pregnancy is a major confidence boost,” Warren, from Scottsdale, Arizona, told The Post. The full-bellied fashionista — who loves slipping on skimpy pieces that accentuate her baby bump, which she considers her “cutest accessory” — added, “My sexy style makes me feel empowered rather than ashamed of my body as it’s creating life.” Pioneering maternity wear designer Liz Lange believes that pregnancy fashion is about more than superficial vanity: It also supports a soon-to-be mom’s emotional well-being. “During pregnancy, most women experience discomfort and even some self-consciousness because of the physical changes they’re enduring,” Lange, 55, told The Post. The NYC-based label queen launched her form-fitting and eponymous maternity line, which is available at Target and Walmart, in 1997. She’s impressed and proud of how the market has grown in the decades since. “Being able to present yourself to the world as sexy and desirable can have a tremendously positive impact on a pregnant woman’s mental health,” she continued. “It’s a way for us to express the uniquely sexy styles we subscribe to beyond the nine months [of gestation].” And Lange tipped her hat to the next generation for fearlessly breaking away from the conservative mores that have muted the fashion expression of expecting mothers throughout history. “Being pregnant should be a fierce and powerful experience,” she added. “No woman should be expected to wear loose-fitting clothes that make her look like a big, round baby just because she’s having a baby.”