Russian Foreign Intelligence Director Sergei Naryshkin claimed his global superpower country is falling victim to cancel culture by the West as crippling economic sanctions from the US and its allies begin to take hold in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. “The masks are off. The West isn’t simply trying to close off Russia behind a new iron curtain. This is about an attempt to ruin our government — to ‘cancel’ it, as they now say in ‘tolerant’ liberal-fascist circles,” Naryshkin said on Thursday, the Washington Post reported. The Russian spy chief’s comments were mocked online for echoing conservative talking points of “cancel culture” and liberal intolerance. “Amazing how indistinguishable their language is from the American right,” tweeted New York Times columnist Michelle Goldberg in response. “Next year at CPAC,” Bloomberg columnist Matthew Ygelsias tweeted. “Straight from Monica Crowley’s mouth. Stupid,” Amanda Carpenter said , referring to former Treasury Department spokeswoman Monica Crowley’s appearance with Fox News’ Jesse Watters where she claimed “Russia is now being canceled.” Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine, which has resulted in the deaths of thousands of innocent civilians and prompted a massive refugee crisis of millions of people, has sparked “cancelations” worldwide of all kinds with serious economic consequences. The United States and its allies have blocked Russia’s access to the SWIFT global financial system and are restricting its central bank as retaliation for waging war in Ukraine. Calls for boycotts against Russian-made vodka have risen in the U.S. and abroad, with governments and business leaders. Governors of at least three US states have taken action to limit or entirely ban the sale of Russian vodka. A number of companies across various industries have distanced themselves from Russian operations — or cut ties entirely — in response to the conflict. On Monday, FIFA suspended Russian soccer teams from international competition after the country invaded Ukraine. UEFA also suspended Russian teams from competition. Formula 1 also canceled its Russian Grand Prix. Disney and other major Hollywood studios are refusing to release new movies in Russia in protest of the invasion. Vienna Philharmonic conductor Valery Gergiev canceled his American tour appearance with the orchestra after he was called out for his ties to Putin, including last week’s scheduled performance at Carnegie Hall. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. Moscow’s Bolshoi Ballet, one of the oldest and most renowned ballet companies in the world, had its scheduled performances at the Royal Opera House in London canceled, The Guardian reported. Green Day, Louis Tomlinson and other musicians have canceled their scheduled performances in Russia over the Ukraine war as well. Naryshkin’s comments came on the same day the spy chief said that the reinvigorated tensions between Russia and the West have escalated beyond a new “Cold War,” calling the current situation “hot.” “Western politicians and commentators like to call what is happening a ‘new cold war.’ It seems that historical parallels are not entirely appropriate here,” Sergei Naryshkin said on his agency’s website. “If only because in the second half of the 20th century Russia fought with the West on the distant approaches, and now the war has come to the very borders of our Motherland. So for us, it is definitely not ‘cold’, but quite ‘hot’.” With Post Wires