Who’s the fairest of them all? Being pretty, like being rich or smart, is entirely subjective. The word “pretty” itself derives from the Old English for “a trick, wile or craft.” In this sense, what is most becoming about a person is their ability to differentiate themselves. While simple prettiness lacks dimension and long-term viability, charm, cunning, humor and kindness endure. What you bring to the table, and the feeling that is left when you leave it, are the true indicators of personal appeal. Each sign carries with it a certain set of general charms, defining features and aesthetic appeal. Read on to discover more. The beauty of Aries individuals lies in their boldness, in both decorating and declaring themselves and aggressively defending others. As the inaugural sign of the zodiac, these people have no fear of being first, being extra or being the only bitch in the room wearing a full gold cape a la apex Aries Lil Nas X. Born of and for fire, the valorous energy of Aries inspires others to live and dress without hesitation or apology. Most alive when outdoors, out of clothes, eating, laughing, online shopping or otherwise indulging, Taurean beauty is both primal and sublime. The zodiac’s first earth sign and its proudest hedonist, the defining feature of Taurus folks is embodiment. Consider double Taurus Iggy Pop who, whether rolling on broken glass or posing nude for fine-art classes, remains utterly and apologetically himself. The same can be said of flute-playing, game-changing, attention-commanding Lizzo, born with horns and an unshakable sense of self. The mind is the fortune, engine and appeal of Gemini. Quick-witted with shifty eyes and and an excitable, mischievous spirit, these folks can talk about anything to anyone and often make conversation an art form, or in the case of Andy Cohen, a career. You never know what they’ll say, do, or for Gemini regent Naomi Campbell, throw next, a dicey duality that makes hanging out with them the thrilling emotional equivalent of Russian roulette. Cancer rules the fourth house of home and ancestry, and those born under the stars of the crab provide a warm, comforting energy that is as attractive as it is restorative. OG babe and moon child Pamela Anderson is emblematic of this vibe. She seems like the sort that would draw you a bath, Band-Aid your knee and carry your burdens, or in the case of ex -Tommy Lee, your chain wallet, trucker hat and assorted emotional baggage. Cancer is naturally drawn to beauty and seeks to share their findings with the world at large, inviting us to lean closer, speak softer and feel more fearlessly like pond daddy Cancer Henry David Thoreau. Leos usually have great hair and warm dispositions, which always go further than bad teeth and acerbic wit. Even the less classically beautiful among them compensate with pure roaring charisma, looking at you Mick Jagger and Charles Bukowski. Leo rules the fifth house of creativity and pleasure, instilling in natives an infectious energy that encourages others to get drunk at lunch and always upgrade to first class. Virgos possess an aspirational kind of beauty and a keep-it-together-even-when-the-house-is-on-fire kind of poise. They seem better and more capable because they are better and more capable. Exhibit A and the only evidence you’ll ever need, Virgo Queen Bey Beyoncé Knowles herself. Keen of eye and discerning of taste, Virgo is easily able to find room for improvement in all things and all people. Virgo rules the sixth house of service, and it is through their shrewd, albeit often-unsolicited insights, that others are inspired, or shamed, into realizing their own potential. Ruled by Venus, planet of love and beauty, Libras are born to bring balance and deliver diplomacy. These people can decorate your apartment, even-out your eyebrows, and repair the fraught relationship between you and your absentee dad. At their most beautiful and fully realized, Libras are able to illuminate for others the imbalances and injustices that keep humanity from wholeness. Cases in point, Libras like Southern writer William Faulkner, activist Víctor Jara, psychedelic advocate Timothy Leary and outspoken proponent of criminal-justice reform, ladies and gentlemen, Kim Kardashian. The appeal of Scorpio rests in their unwavering intensity. Not big on blinking, small talk or floral prints, Scorpios deal in scary hotness. Their aesthetic is magnetic if not mainstream a la scorpions Tilda Swinton and Joaquin Phoenix. Ruled by Pluto, planet of death and regeneration, there is a mysterious air around Scorpio natives. They dare you to love them, but if you accept the challenge, and can abide the jealousy, loyalty tests and no blinking, they make for incomparably fierce and enduringly interesting partners. Ruled by luck-laden Jupiter, planet of dice games, philosophy and psilocybin, Sagittarians are ever in search of a good time and a healthy debate. Symbolized by the centaur, they’re always on the move, and for those of us with anxious attachment issues, they become all the more alluring on account of their perpetual leaving. At the ready with a dad joke, a blunt truth, a nip slip and an escape plan, Sagittarians like Miley Cyrus, Nicki Minaj and Jim Morrison are/were freewheelers that show others the wild side is the only road worth walking. Ruled by stern, tough-love Saturn, planet of disciple and hard lessons, Capricorns have a punishing appeal. Hard on others — but most of all themselves — they have high personal standards that may or may not include intermittent fasting, self-flagellation and cryotherapy. Regardless of gender, Caps love the structure of menswear, and regardless of emotional unrest, maintain the appearance of stoic sovereignty, looking at you Timothée Chalamet and Diane Keaton. Not the type for flamboyance, the allure of Capricorn is their self-control and measured approach to social, political and financial ascent. Power to them is the prettiest thing of all. Aquarians are sexy in the way Rubik’s cubes are infuriating and flat-earthers are intriguing: You’re hooked by your own failure to figure them out. Gemini gets all the credit for duality, but it’s really water-bearers that run the game on secret identities and mask-wearing, both in sexual role play and waking life. When it comes to Aquarians, no two are the same, and as The Weeknd (a k a Abel Makkonen Tesfaye) and Anna Delvey (a k a Anna Sorokin) prove, no single one is ever who they appear to be. Ruled by Neptune, planet of dreams, delusions, addiction, hard seltzers and watercolor painting, Pisces people possess an ethereal kind of prettiness. Compassionate and a little destructive, they usually appear wet-eyed and wistful, something like Fiona Apple’s dream journal come to life. There’s an innate magic to Pisces that promises a dive in their waters will be a transcendent experience. Add to this a vulnerability that makes others want to protect them from the sharp edges of the world, a dichotomy of dreaminess and delicacy made manifest in Elizabeth Taylor. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.