PHILADELPHIA – The evaluation of Knicks rookie center Jericho Sims will continue Wednesday in a big way. Knicks brass saw Sims take a retest against Philadelphia 76ers MVP candidate Joel Embiid at the Wells Fargo Center. Sims, who had two points and six rebounds in 13 minutes, was one of many Knicks who couldn’t slow down Joel Embiid, who had 27 points and 12 rebounds in the Knicks’ 123-108 loss to the 76ers. Embiid also went wild at the Garden on Saturday, scoring 37 points in Sunday’s 125-109 victory over the Knicks. Sims fouled out in 18 minutes but he also notched 10 rebounds. Starting center Mitchell Robinson, too, fouled out. With the Knicks taking a stronger look at the 7-footer Sims coming out of the All-Star break because of their dismal record and fear of losing Robinson to free agency, these are the types of exams deemed crucial. “It was just a nice opportunity as a learning experience on how he plays,’’ Sims said at the morning shootaround in his first remarks of the regular season. “I tried to fight him a little too much. I’ll try to take a more tactical approach and listen to the coaches a little bit more.’’ Amid his monstrous performance, Embiid pranced to the free-throw line 27 times. “The main thing is just don’t foul him,’’ Sims said. “They’re going to look to call certain things. I just got to be smart. I know he is trying to get me in foul trouble. So I have to show my hands a little bit more and make him take shots he wouldn’t want to take.’’ Knicks president Leon Rose attended at the morning shootaround at Wells Fargo Center — a rarity as he hasn’t traveled with the team much this season. But this really is a time for Rose to get down and dirty on what he has on this roster that entered play 11 games below .500. Rose also still lives in Cherry Hill, N.J., just over the Ben Franklin Bridge, and always attended Knicks-Sixers games as an agent. Sims claimed he had no idea the Knicks would experiment with him out of the All-Star break. He also played 18 minutes Friday against Miami, getting the backup center nod over Nerlens Noel and veteran Taj Gibson, arguably coach Tom Thibodeau’s favorite player in the NBA. Noel has battled plantar fasciitis and isn’t 100 percent. “I didn’t know,’’ said Sims, selected 59th in the draft out of Texas. “All I knew is do your best to stay ready and try to stay in shape. I didn’t know I’d be playing a lot more minutes than I was. I don’t know why they’re doing that. All I can say is I got to stay ready when my name is called and come produce.’’ This was the first time Sims, who had a strong summer league in Las Vegas after playing four years at Texas, had been subject to little playing time other than spot games in the G-League for the Westchester Knicks. “I didn’t worry, but it’s definitely interesting that I’m now getting the opportunity,’’ Sims said. “Just got to take advantage of it. I think I’m getting better each game. I got to be more active rebounding and contesting pick and roll. It is an adjustment. Mainly [not playing] is because guys have more experience than I do.’’ Sims, 23, is a prototype rim-running, defensive center along the lines of Robinson but is even more athletic than the longest-tenured Knick. He’s not worried about getting more offensive opportunities. He was scoreless in each game, taking one shot. “Right now it’s showing energy, showing that you’re excited to play and showing coach I’m ready,’’ Sims said. “It’s a different game speed so that’s the main thing I have to work on and get used to. Obviously watching film is a big part of this. I’ve been doing a lot of that with coaches on the side.” He’s taken advice from Robinson and “sees what he does on the court and what I can take from that.’’ But veteran Derrick Rose has been in his ear, too. Earlier this season, Rose said he and Sims are kindred spirits in both being introverts. The last time he spoke to reporters during preseason, Sims continued a trend of giving extremely short answers. But he’s progressed in that department too — wordier and wiser. “I’ve talked to [Rose],’’ Sims said. “I’ve had a lot of conversations with him. That’s my guy.’’