New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is adding a different type of ring to his Super Bowl-winning collection. The 80-year-old billionaire is engaged to Dana Blumberg, 47, Page Six reported. Although it remains to be seen when the pair will tie the knot, here’s what you need to know about the future Mrs. Kraft. Blumberg is a New York-based board-certified ophthalmologist, specializing in eye and vision care, and glaucoma. She also worked as an Associate Professor of Ophthalmology at Columbia University. It’s unclear whether Blumberg is still affiliated with the school, as well as the New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Irving Medical Center. Blumberg received her medical degree at Saint Louis University School of Medicine in May 2000, according to the New York State Department of Health’s website. Blumberg reportedly completed her residency in 2004 at Case Western Reserve in Cleveland, Ohio, and went on to finish her fellowship, specializing in glaucoma, at the Wilmer Eye Institute of Johns Hopkins University. She also practiced medicine in North Carolina. Some of her professional accolades reportedly include a 2009 American Glaucoma Society’s Clinician Scientist Award; a Wilmer Eye Institute Teaching Award in 2006; and in 2013, she was named to New York Times Magazine’s list of Super Doctors Rising Stars. Blumberg does not appear to have any social media accounts, and her employee page at Columbia’s Department of Ophthalmology no longer exists. Blumberg began dating Kraft in 2019. In June of that year, they stepped out for the first time as a couple — holding hands at the French Open. A month later, they attended the Women’s World Cup soccer finals in Paris together. Kraft and Blumberg were then spotted at the annual Apollo in the Hamptons party at Ronald Perelman’s estate in August 2019. Months later, Kraft and Blumberg posed for photos at Elton John’s Oscars event in Los Angeles. In March 2022, a source told Page Six that Blumberg was seen sporting a “giant rock” on her finger, noting the sparkler appears to be “10-carats or more,” and “as big of some of Bob’s Super Bowl ring.” Kraft has six championship rings with New England, with the team winning its latest title in Super Bowl 2019, when the Patriots defeated the Rams. Kraft was previously married to his college sweetheart, Myra Hiatt Kraft, for 48 years before her death from ovarian cancer in July 2011. She was 68 years old. He began dating actress Ricki Lander in 2012. They split in 2018.