Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s sphere of influence could be expanding into the state Legislature in Albany. Jonathan Soto, a former Ocasio-Cortez campaign aide, is seeking to topple veteran Bronx Assemblyman Michael Benedetto in the June 28 Democratic primary. “I am definitely seeking the congresswoman’s endorsement,” Soto, a fellow member of the Democratic Socialists of America, told The Post. He has the blessing of Ocasio-Cortez’s Courage to Change political action committee and the Working Families Party. The 37-year-old insurgent has taken positions consistent with the progressive left and the DSA — he supports the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel and the Defund the Police movement. Soto also opposes tightening the no-cash bail law and objects to extending the law giving the mayor the authority to oversee the public school system, saying City Hall has too much power over education. He has been critical of Mayor Eric Adams, particularly taking issue with Hizzoner’s description of low-wage workers as “low-skilled.” “This mayor is Trump 2.0. There is no if, and or buts about it,” Soto said in a recent Instagram interview with Harlem Councilwoman Kristin Richardson. Soto, the son of Pentecostal ministers who previously oversaw former Mayor Bill de Blasoi’s faith-based program and managed Ocasio-Cortez’s campaign homework helpers program, told The Post that he thinks resources should be redirected to youth and other crime prevention programs. “Our policy budgets are too high,” he said. Soto, whose daughter is in elementary school, also said he supports term limits, arguing that long-term incumbency has “ossified the democratic system.” “We have horrible turnout for elections because we have the same people running over and over again,” he said. The 82nd Assembly District, which has been represented by Benedetto since 2005, is one of the most moderate to conservative in the Bronx, taking in the neighborhoods of Throgs Neck and City Island as well as Co-Op City. The district overlaps with three congressional districts, including that of lefty Rep. Jamaal Bowman, as well as Ocasio-Cortez’s. Soto said he’s seeking the backing of both pols, though admitted to have never met with Ocasio-Cortez since her 2018 election. Benedetto, a close ally of Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie, on Sunday said Soto is too far to the left of the district’s constituency, which has one of the highest percentage of residents with ties to law enforcement in the entire city. “We’re dealing with an increase in crime. I don’t know why you would want to defund the police,” said the assemblyman and retired teacher. Benedetto, like Soto, opposes tightening up the no-cash bail law. The assemblyman said he would accept endorsements from law enforcement unions. Both are against raising the state cap to allow the opening of more charter schools in New York City. But unlike Soto, Benedetto supports extending the mayor’s control over the city schools. “The mayor should be in charge and held accountable for the schools,” he said. Benedetto rapped Soto for supporting the BDS movement against Israel. “Israel is our most important ally in that part of the world. The people who want to disinvest from Israel are out of touch,” he said. Soto cited free speech rights of Palestinians in defending his BDS position and hit Benedetto for voting against a bill that would have required the state Education Department to study whether school districts were teaching about the Holocaust. Benedetto said the bill was a redundant and unfunded mandate. Soto, meanwhile, slammed Benedetto for receiving a $6,000 donation from former President Donald Trump seven years ago prior to his presidency. Benedetto, whose district encompasses Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, admitted to being “embarrassed” by the Trump contribution and said he redirected it to the New York Immigration Coalition. A spokesperson for Ocasio-Cortez said she has not yet made a decision on local endorsements. Heastie, through a spokesman, said he backs Benedetto’s re-election. Heastie could direct the Democratic Assembly Campaign Committee to help Benedetto beat back the Soto challenge. “I’m very proud of the service I’ve given to my community,” Benedetto said. “Every two years I’m up for a job interview. I’m ready for it.”