Although Tom Brady announced his NFL retirement last month, questions continue to swirl on whether he’s really done playing. Even the quarterback seems to be asking himself as much. After Brady’s recent comments on Fred Couples’ podcast — he said he wished he had a “clear vision of what the future holds” — Brady further fueled the buzz in a tweet on Thursday. “Honestly thought this was gonna be the lead quote here,” Brady wrote, adding a transcript of his full quote to Couples, in which he said he was visiting his parents and had planned to sleep in his childhood bed. “REM sleep through the roof last night,” Brady said, including a photo of race car bunkbeds. The seven-time Super Bowl champ continues to give cryptic responses about his playing future amid speculation that he’ll return for the 2022 NFL season. When Couples asked Brady if he “can maybe tell us where you’re going?” the future Hall-of-Famer said, “I tell you, I wish I had a clear vision of what the future holds, but I think for me, there’s a lot of great things and a lot of great opportunities that I know I said right after football season I was looking forward to spending time with my family. And I’ve done that he last give weeks. And I know there’ll be a lot more of that too. “I like staying busy, that’s for sure. I played a little bit of golf and I’m actually going to see my parents tonight, which will be a real highlight for me on their turf. I’ll be sleeping in the same bed I slept at when I was a kid. I don’t think my mom knows I’m coming home yet. So it’s just between my dad and I, it is a little bit of a surprise. So looking forward to some golf in the next few days and some more family time, and then we’ll figure out where we go from there.” On Monday, Brady, who led Tampa Bay to the NFC Divisional Round of the playoffs this past season before losing to the eventual Super Bowl champion Los Angeles Rams, had fans in an uproar on social media over separate comments he made about his future. “To be determined. A lot of things going on. Today, it’s golf,” Brady said when asked by SiriusXM if his radio gig — the “Let’s Go!” SiriusXM show — was his only job. Last month, Brady confirmed rumors that he is retiring after 22 seasons. One week later, he teased a possible comeback on his “Let’s Go!” podcast, telling co-host Jim Gray that he’s “taking things as they come…you know, you never say never.” Brady remains on the Tampa Bay roster until June 2 at the earliest, according to Pro Football Talk. Any move made involving the quarterback before then would result in a $32 million cap hit for Tampa Bay next season. On Tuesday, Buccaneers coach Bruce Arians was asked at the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis about the possibility of the Bucs trading Brady if that’s what the quarterback wanted. Arians said, “Nope. Bad business.” “That door is never closed,” Arians said. “Whenever Tom wants to come back, he’s back. … If Tom wants to come back, we’ll have plenty of money for him.”