It’s a March tradition. An unknown becomes a national name after leading his underdog team to a bracket-altering upset. Last year, it was Max Abmas of Oral Roberts. Who will join the likes of Ali Farokhmanesh (Northern Iowa, 2010), Kyle O’Quinn (Norfolk State, 2012) and Jairus Lyles (UMBC, 2018) in this exclusive group? Here are some candidates: A magician in ball screens, Bouyea has unlimited range as well, making the fifth-year senior an incredibly tough player to defend. In their first tournament since 1998, the 10th-seeded Dons face a tough draw: No. 7 Murray State presumably followed by No. 2 Kentucky if they get that far, and they won’t have standout big man Yauhen Massalski, who suffered a knee injury in practice this week. Bouyea will have even more on his plate now. From starting two games and averaging 3.3 points as a freshman to repeating as the America East Player of the Year as a senior, the sweet-shooting 6-foot-8 Davis is proof that patience pays off. He can really write his name into program lore by leading No. 13 Vermont past fourth-seeded Arkansas in Buffalo on Thursday night. The 6-foot-6 guard will be the best NBA prospect on the floor in the 12th-seeded Jackrabbits’ opening-round game against No. 5 Providence. He’s a lights-out 3-point shooter who makes 47.3 percent of his attempts, but is much more than just a marksman. Scheierman also leads South Dakota State in rebounds (7.8), assists (4.6) and steals (1.4). It was 14 years ago that Steph Curry shot Davidson into the Elite Eight, the start of the superstar’s meteoric rise. Can the South Korean Lee do the same? A 6-foot-7 wing who can light it up from deep, the junior has led the 10th-seeded Wildcats to their most wins (27) in a season since 2008-09. Now they get a crack at No. 7 Michigan State, and if victorious, likely Mike Krzyzewski and No. 2 Duke after that. There are few guards as versatile as the 6-foot-4 Smith, an elite scorer, shotmaker, rebounder for his size, and defender. If the No. 14 Mocs have any chance of stunning No. 4 Illinois, Smith will have to be at his best. He grew up just a few hours from the Illini’s campus in Champaign, and the local kid can haunt his local school here. Swain enjoyed a terrific Ivy League Tournament, averaging 24 points and shooting 50 percent (8 of 16) from 3-point land, giving him momentum entering his second NCAA Tournament. In his first, three years ago, Yale nearly upset third-seeded LSU. Maybe the second time’s the charm for Swain and the No. 14 Bulldogs against third-seeded Purdue. Fourteenth in the country in scoring at 20.2 points per game, the former Seton Hall guard is small in stature at 5-foot-11, but plays so much bigger. The Port Washington, N.Y., native has a pair of 40-point games on his résumé, and has vastly improved his play-making abilities and shooting numbers. He gives No. 12 UAB a puncher’s shot against No. 5 Houston Friday night in Pittsburgh.