The Rangers got what they wanted at the trade deadline — three acquisitions, all of which figure to help them going forward. Now it is Gerard Gallant’s job to sort out the lineup ramifications. “I think when everybody’s healthy, we’re gonna have 27 guys around,” the Rangers coach told reporters on Tuesday. Being able to dress only 20, then, poses a distinct problem. For now, Gallant only has to deal with 25, as Kaapo Kakko and Kevin Rooney are both dealing with injuries. In Tuesday’s 7-4 loss to the Devils, Braden Schneider drew the short straw in coming out for Justin Braun, while Gregg McKegg and Jonny Brodzinski sat in favor of Andrew Copp and Tyler Motte. Libor Hajek and Julien Gauthier were scratched as well. That is not a static situation by any stretch and even during Tuesday’s game, Gallant juggled the lines, rolling with three late in the game with Alexis Lafreniere dropping from the rotation as a result. With the Rangers more or less assured of a playoff spot and five weeks left in the regular season, Gallant has the luxury of being able to experiment. And the competition could be a good thing, too. “It’s all about trying to win,” Gallant said. “That’s what you’re trying to do. We’re trying to win as a team. I know at the end — if you go to the end, if you go to the Stanley Cup finals, if you’re fortunate enough to get there, fortunate enough to make the playoffs — it’s gonna take all 27. That’s gonna be the message. “We love everybody, they’re all good people, we’ve had a good season with everybody but we’ve added pieces to our team. We’re trying to make it better.” Schneider, a 20-year-old rookie who has played 26 NHL games this season, could be among the most heavily impacted players. Braun debuted playing to Patrik Nemeth’s right, a spot Schneider has recently occupied. “He’s played a lot of games for us and he’s showed a lot,” Gallant said of Schneider. “It doesn’t mean cause we got Braun in, he’s not gonna be in our top six. It’s gonna be about competition and who goes well and who plays well.” Among the forward group, it figures that Ryan Reaves and Dryden Hunt could see their playing time reduced, but that will become clearer in time. “Obviously some guys are gonna be disappointed, they’re not playing as much, that’s all part of it,” Gallant said. “It’s about attitude. Take the right attitude, do what you can do. If you’re not playing, go work hard and be ready for when you do play. It’s not easy. “I’m not gonna say for the guys that aren’t playing, guys that might get bumped down the lineup, it’s not easy, but we’re all trying to win.”