Selecting the perfect foundation can sometimes feel like finding a needle in a haystack. How on earth do I find the shade that’ll match best? Should I opt for liquid or powder? What about SPF? All of these questions are valid — believe me. As someone who loves trying new makeup brands (and someone who’s a sucker for pretty packaging), I’ve been wanting to dig into the makeup minefield of liquids to powders and drugstore to high-end for quite some time. Naturally, I tested 50 foundations for months to put together a comprehensive list of the best ones worth your money. No more sifting through shades or spending big bucks only to discover your new foundation only lasts for two hours and becomes cakey. As one of our most comprehensive product reviews yet, we’re here to make the makeup hunting process simpler. Here’s an overview of our testing method and what we looked for: For a closer look, I have a normal skin type with some dry spots around my nose, on my chin and above my eyebrows. But, even if you have oily skin or mature skin, our roundup of the best foundations can still be helpful. That said, we have you covered — literally. If you’re looking for lighter coverage, check out our roundup of the best tinted moisturizers, along with the best makeup primers and best setting sprays we reviewed to prep and finish off your look. Here are our top 15 favorite foundations: The best foundation overall Wow, this foundation certainly worth the coin. I’ve never applied a more luscious, creamy and flawless foundation — making it our top choice. The best everyday foundation Anastasia’s Luminous Foundation was a runner-up to our best foundation overall, namely because it’s one of the most reached-for. Not only does it blend with beautiful creaminess, but it’s one of the best of the brand we reviewed. Plus, more shade options are available at Sephora. The best waterproof foundation Just launched, Make Up For Ever’s HD Skin Foundation is one to add to your bag ASAP. Not only is it waterproof (doesn’t budge at all) but it also left my skin with a gorgeous finish that’s truly like no other. From going to the office to dinner dates with friends, it’s my new favorite. The best budget foundation As someone who skewed away from drugstore, Almay’s foundation impressed me. It didn’t break me out, was super easy to apply and, if blindfolded at Sephora, would bet my last dollar it was from there. The best clean foundation I just felt natural and eco-friendly while using Bite Beauty’s foundation, if that makes sense. The packaging and formulation are perfect if you’re looking for a new sustainable brand to try. Not to mention, it didn’t budge. The best buildable foundation Not much to my surprise, Charlotte Tilbury’s Beautiful Skin Liquid Foundation left my skin feeling exactly how I wanted it to — balanced, hydrated (thanks to hyaluronic acid) and with no signs of cakiness. While I tested dozens of full-coverage foundations here, I reach for this one time and again to give me just the right amount of coverage that lasts for a long time. The best foundation for mature skin Charlotte does it again with its Airbrush Flawless Longwear Foundation. It’s definitely one of the thickest of the bunch, though I love reaching for it when I want coverage that won’t budge (aka, why it’s phenomenal for mature skin).  It’s nearly miraculous, too, with the brand’s foundation brush. The best foundation with a natural glow If you’re on the hunt for a product in between a tinted moisturizer and a foundation, Charlotte Tilbury’s Light Wonder Foundation is your winner. Completely buildable and offering a healthy glow, it’s one of the best ones — and one of the most long-lasting. The foundation with the widest shade range There are no complaints to be said about FENTY Beauty’s Pro Filt’r Soft Matte Longwear Liquid Foundation. The shade range is unbeatable (seriously, we’re still wondering how they did it). And, it’s incredible to apply with the brand’s full-bodied foundation brush. The best foundation that’s easy to apply As one of the most buildable foundations we tested, HUDA Beauty’s GloWish tube is one to snag at Sephora. With versatile packaging and a generous shade range, it’s a great option to try and will buff and blend almost instantaneously. The best hydrating foundation for dry skin Hello, creamy. The KVD Beauty Good Apple Skin-Perfecting Hydrating Foundation Balm is one to put on your radar. It’s a heavenly fix for your dry skin that doesn’t leave the skin cakey or force you to reapply. The best foundation stick Another creamy option is Lancôme’s foundation stick — a travel-friendly, long-lasting and luxe option for foundation hunters everywhere. The best matte foundation As the first product I tried from LYS Beauty, I must say I’m impressed. It’s the up-and-coming brand that’s less than $25 and is comparable to many others that are worth more bills in your wallet. Not to mention, it’s wonderful for everyday coverage. The best powder foundation Too Faced did it again with its near-flawless-looking pressed powder. It stood on my face all day and provides a finish that beautifully evens out your skin tone. The best foundation for concealing blemishes At first, I thought the cult-favorite Tarte Amazonian Clay Foundation was too thick, but the distinct luminescence makes it great for anyone looking for a full-coverage foundation to really cover up. Plus, it’s even better with the brand’s foundation brush. The best foundation for photoshoots I’ve been using this foundation for years and it’s a tried-and-true favorite. Great for covering up any fine lines and blemishes, it’s ideal for a flawless and thorough finish. I use it all the time for weekend parties, too. Not to mention, more shades are available at Sephora. Other foundations we enjoyed: Note: 20 other foundations did not make the cut, and some have been discontinued after testing this year. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.