Two 16-year-old Iowa boys used a baseball bat to kill their Spanish teacher – then one of the boys bragged about the brutal murder on social media, new court documents revealed. The details, outlined in a search warrant unsealed Tuesday, come as both teens are still awaiting hearings on whether they should be tried as adults in the case. Jeremy Goodale and Willard Miller are accused of killing Fairfield High School teacher Noheme Graber, 66, whose battered body was found Nov. 2 dumped in a park just hours after she was reported missing. Graber’s body was discovered with trauma to her head “under a tarp, a wheelbarrow and railroad ties,” previously released court records showed. But the search warrant unsealed on Tuesday showed investigators centered on the pair when a friend turned over Goodale’s Snapchat messages that showed the two “were involved in the planning, execution, and disposal of evidence” in the gruesome killing, the newly released search warrant said. Goodale described in the messages how the pair had conducted surveillance on Graber and described how they killed her and dumped the body, according to the search warrant. Graber’s car was caught on surveillance footage entering and leaving the park on the day the teacher’s body was uncovered, the warrant stated. A potential motive for the shocking crime hasn’t been disclosed, as attorneys for the teens are fighting to keep many documents in the bizarre case from public view. The attorneys also tried to block media and the public from covering a Thursday hearing on whether the case should be moved to the juvenile system, but a judge denied that request on Tuesday. Miller’s hearing was delayed as his attorney fights to suppress evidence that she said was obtained by violating her client’s constitutional rights.  Once a judge decides on the evidence, the hearing on whether to move his case will proceed. Goodale’s hearing on whether he should be tried as an adult was still set for Thursday, according to the Associated Press. With Post wires