The shameless gunman who unleashed a spray of bullets in front of a Brooklyn day care was aiming for a man who was putting a 2-year-old in the back seat of a car  – but hit another toddler who was walking nearby with her dad, police said Saturday. The 3-year-old girl was shot in the shoulder while leaving Creative Minds Day Care with her father, police said. The little girl remains hospitalized at Maimonides in Brooklyn. The father of the injured girl spoke briefly outside the hospital, telling The Post of the shooter, “I never see him before in my life.” “To get caught up in something like this,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief. The dad, who declined to give his name, said the tot was in good shape. “She’s good. She’s playing. They’re doing an MRI right now to see if her nerve is damaged or anything,” he said. The bullet tore through her right shoulder, police sources told The Post. Police officers bandaged the gunshot wound before rushing her to the hospital in their own cruiser, said NYPD Chief of Department Kenneth Corey. The gunman fired several shots at a 28-year-old man who was putting his own toddler in the rear of his car, but at least one of the bullets instead struck the little girl, cops said. Cops and day care workers said the shots rang out in front of 127 Riverdale Avenue in Brownsville just after 6 p.m. Friday. The shooter fled in a white BMW driven by someone else, police said. Video from the scene shows the gunman exiting a white car double-parked on the northeast corner of Thomas Boyland Street and Riverdale Avenue. He takes out a gun and fires numerous times, before running eastbound on Riverdale to the getaway car, which heads north on Thomas Boyland Street. Four .380 shell casings were found at the scene, police said. A neighbor of the day care said the sound of the gunshots was startling. “About three shots,” said the woman, who did not want to be named. “It was really loud. At first I thought it was welding, but then I thought, the welding couldn’t be so loud. I didn’t know they were shots until I heard the news this morning.”