Beloved “Good Times” actor Johnny Brown has died at 84 years old. His family mourned the “tough loss” in a social media post saying he was “snatched from their lives.” Johnny’s daughter and Broadway actress Sharon Catherine Brown shared the news on her Instagram page. She began in their post, alongside a photo of her father: “Our family is devastated. Devastated. Devastated. Beyond heartbroken. Barely able to breathe.” We respectfully ask for privacy at this time because we need a minute to process the unthinkable. To articulate the depths of profound sadness. This is my mom’s husband for sixty one years, mine and JJ’s dad, Elijah and Levi’s Pop Pop, older brother to George and brother in law to Pat and extended family to Chris, Hihat, Damian and Derell.” It’s too terrible. It will never not be. “It’s a shock. He was literally snatched out of our lives. “It’s not real for us yet. So there will be more to say but not now. Dad was the absolute best. We love him so very much.” Fans showed their support in the comments, sending condolences. One commenter wrote: “I am so sorry for your loss. “I absolutely adored him.” Another fan wrote: “Noooooo! My condolences to you & your family.” A third commenter wrote: “I love you so.” Another added: “Wrapping you in so much love.” Johnny enjoyed a long and illustrious career. He was an actor, comic and singer. However, he was most known for his role as Nathan Bookman on the CBS hit show Good Times. Johnny appeared on the show until it’s cancellation in 1979. He appeared on many other popular series’ including The Flip Wilson Show, The Jeffersons, Family Matters, Sister, Sister, The Jamie Foxx Show, The Wayans Bros. and Martin. The late actor also had a role in the film The Out-of-Towners, playing a waiter in a railroad dining car. As for his music career, he began recording songs in the 60s. He previously toured with Sam “The Man” Taylor from 1958 on. Johnny brown was born in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1937. In 1961, he married June Russell. The pair shared two children: Sharon and John Brown Jr. He also has at least one grandchild. Daughter Sharon’s Instagram page lists her as “Elijah’s Mom.” Her son recently turned 18, according to a post on her account. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.