A man who was given six months to live with an inoperable form of cancer claims he is alive today due to a low-carb keto diet. Pablo Kelly decided to reject traditional and recommended treatments in favor of a meat and fat-heavy diet after he was diagnosed with a brain tumor. The dad, from Plymouth, first noticed something was wrong when he began to suffer headaches. Then, after trying to ignore the pain, Pablo suffered a seizure at work before being rushed to hospital. After medical staff revealed his tragic diagnosis in 2014, he was advised to start treating his cancer with radiology as soon as possible. However, amid preparations that involved shaving his head and beard, he says he realized that he couldn’t go through with it. He told Plymouth Live: “They were going to measure me to the machine for the radiotherapy and in the pit of my stomach I felt a very negative impulse. “I just thought I can’t do this and decided I needed to speak to the oncologist.” He was told he would live another 12 to 13 months and without medical intervention would die a lot sooner. But he decided to turn recommended treatment down and take an alternative approach. The dad of two claims his diet, which involves little to no carbs, shrank the tumor after doctors said it was inoperable. They were then able to operate and remove the smaller tumor. He said: “Essentially from my understanding of it, over the course from 2014 being on the diet helped keep the tumor at bay.” “It changed shape and made it more accessible for surgeons.” The keto diet, made popular by fitness influencers, has been proven to assist in weight loss. It is not a medically recommended diet for prevention or treatment of cancer, but a few studies have suggested it could help in treating some tumors. This is because it could slow the growth, protect healthy cells, ease inflammation or help anti-cancer drugs work better. But only a few studies have been done and clinical data to fully back up the theories are still lacking. Martin Ledwick, Cancer Research UK’s head information nurse, said: “There is no definitive scientific evidence that following a ketogenic (very low-carb) treats cancer or lowers people’s risk of cancer.” “Early preclinical trials are underway to investigate how ketogenic diets can affect cancer risk, but much more research is needed. The best way to reduce your risk of cancer is to maintain a balanced, healthy diet and anyone considering unproven treatments should talk these through carefully with their doctor.” Pablo underwent two painstaking craniotomies in which he was required to stay awake. It was conducted this way to avoid causing damage to his brain during the removal of his tumor. He maintains it was a “very scary and weird experience”. Pablo is now in recovery after temporarily losing the use of his left arm and has admitted that his “brain isn’t what it used to be”. Despite Pablo’s miracle story, It is always recommended that people suffering from cancer listen to the advice of medical professionals. The dad added: “If I’m going to die anyway… I’m going to choose something else.” “I just went with my gut instinct and that’s kept me going ever since.” He feared becoming infertile from his condition and treatment, but Pablo now has two healthy kids. Pablo’s eldest child has just started nursery and his youngest will turn one this summer. However, despite continuing to live with his illness he has continued to promote his alternative methods online. He added: “For anyone who is going through the same as me, just going through a diagnosis the best thing you can do is ask about quality of life and quantity of life.” “You should ask about how it will affect you and your family, and how you can achieve a normal way of living with this horrible, horrible disease.” This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.