The father of the woman allegedly assaulted by Texas A&M’s Demond Demas attacked the wide receiver before a campus conduct hearing, police said. The father of the alleged assault victim attacked Demas — a former five-star Aggies recruit — as the woman’s mother went after one of his female relatives as the suspended wideout went to a scheduled conduct hearing on campus Thursday, Texas A&M police told the Houston Chronicle. The woman’s father and mother were charged with misdemeanor assault and taken to Brazos County Jail. No serious injuries were reported, university police told the newspaper. Demas, 21, who was charged Wednesday with assault causing bodily injury/family violence for allegedly pushing his girlfriend’s head into a wall on Saturday, fell to the ground after being pushed, WTAW-AM reported. The man’s wife, meanwhile, allegedly hit Demas’ female relative in the face. Both women received medical attention at the scene, the station reported, citing college arrest reports. A probable cause statement shows Demas’ girlfriend told authorities he attacked her Saturday by pushing her head into a wall, prompting her to bite his shoulder. Demas then threw the woman off a bed, causing her front teeth to go through her bottom lip, she told police. She had loose teeth, facial swelling and a hole in her bottom of her lip from the attack, according to the statement. The pair had been dating for around a year, Demas’ girlfriend told authorities. Texas A&M suspended Demas on Wednesday, the same day he was released from custody after posting $5,000 bond. Demas is no longer a member of its football program. A university source told the Houston Chronicle that  Demas had been suspended last week because he wasn’t attending class, claiming the move had nothing to do with Saturday’s alleged assault. A message seeking comment from Demas’ attorney, Tony Buzbee, was not immediately returned early Friday. Buzbee claims the alleged attack by Demas was “an unfortunate misunderstanding,” KBTX reported. “Demond Demas is a solid young man and a generational talent,” Buzbee told the station in a statement. “He looks forward to clearing his name and moving on to be the best student and athlete he can be. In the meantime, we will let the process play itself out and will address the allegations in court, in due course.” Demas, who had 15 receptions for 235 yards as a redshirt freshman for the Aggies last season, was also previously accused of hitting a girlfriend last year, although prosecutors declined to press charges after an investigation, the Houston Chronicle reported. He was also busted for marijuana possession last March.