ABC bleeped out the expletive-ridden exchange that followed Will Smith’s blow to Chris Rock’s face during Sunday night’s Academy Awards — but it didn’t matter since unedited footage of the incident leaked onto social media just minutes later. As is customary for broadcasts of live shows, ABC’s feed was on a 20-second delay to enable producers to cut or bleep foul language or any other display that potentially violates Federal Communications Commission guidelines. But while the audio was cut and censored for several seconds, closed captions indicated that the “King Richard” star said, “Keep my wife’s name out of your f–king mouth.” International broadcasting crews, meanwhile, were beaming the raw feed of the awards show to global audiences. Audio from the uncensored Australian broadcast appears to confirm this, including Rock’s stunned reaction: “Will Smith slapped the s–t out of me.” So while ABC may have momentarily spared American viewers the tense Rock-Smith exchange, it quickly went viral on their mobile devices. Rob Mills of ABC, who was in the network’s production trailer during the show, told Variety that it quickly became apparent that the incident was not scripted. Before Smith smacked the comedian, Rock had made a joke about Smith’s wife, actress Jada Pinkett Smith, being in the fake action film because of her bald head. She had previously spoken about having a hair loss condition, alopecia. “Chris Rock came on and he was doing, I think, material based on what happened that night, as any comedian will do,” Mills told Variety. “He made the [‘G.I. Jane’] joke. Obviously, you could see the joke did not land with Jada. And then you see Will start to get up and walk up.” Mills added: “There have certainly been unpredictable moments where people have gotten up and done things, so we thought this was one of those.” Once Rock and Smith both used expletives in their reactions, it dawned on the ABC producers that this was real. “You started to realize this is real once Chris, who certainly knows the limits of broadcast standards, said, ‘Will Smith slapped the s–t out of me,’” Mills said. “That’s when it became obvious that this was not a joke.” Due to strict FCC guidelines on the use of profanity during domestic broadcasts, Mills said, he and his team erred on the side of caution in censoring the aftermath. “When you’re on the button, which I wasn’t but our standards people were, I think you obviously go towards overcorrection than letting something get through,” Mills said. American viewers instead relied on clips from overseas, which do not apply the same rigorous requirements against profanity. “Americans can be a bit more puritanical and outraged by these things,” a radio producer for BBC told the Washington Post. 