Vladimir Putin’s Ukraine war “will get uglier,” predicts Walter Russell Mead at The Wall Street Journal. The autocrat “is no doubt dismayed by the cascade of bad news” as his forces flounder, but “knows that his future in power, his freedom and quite possibly his life depend on the outcome of this war.” And while “Americans believe that freedom always wins in the end,” Putin knows: “Stalin wasn’t deposed by Russians hungry for freedom; he died in bed.” Might he “rebuild the Gulag Archipelago and re-create the terror through which Stalin ruled Ukraine?” He’s “unlikely to give up his ambitions . . . without giving repression every chance to succeed.” “As Russian forces accelerate their shelling of Ukrainian cities and targeting of civilians, the world confronts a great evil” one “not easily explained or addressed by so-called realist foreign-policy thinkers,” argues National Review’s Jim Geraghty. “The Russia hawks were right about Vladimir Putin; KGB men don’t turn over a new leaf. Now, as ever, if Americans want to live in a peaceful world, we must prepare to fight and win in a warring one.” Many may scoff at “hawks,” but “if you have sufficient military assets in a geopolitical neighborhood,” then very few people will want to pick a fight with you. As ever, “ ‘If you want peace, prepare for war.’ ” “World War I not only killed 20 million people and the era of prewar prosperity,” notes The American Prospect’s Robert Al Kuttner: It ended the first globalization, as “The catastrophic 1919 Treaty of Versailles failed to resurrect global commerce and finance in a sustainable way.” Now Putin’s invasion has destroyed a new globalization, as “In the space of a week, economic links with Russia that took decades to create have been abruptly severed.” The war also “also upends pre-existing assumptions about China and the global economy.” In all, “the laissez-faire brand of globalization, relentlessly promoted since about 1990 by U.S. banks and corporations at the expense of American workers, is now kaput.” To the Biden team, writes Commentary’s Noah Rothman, “the crisis in Europe” points only to “our need to reduce our reliance on oil.” Yet that hasn’t stopped the prez from trying to “welcome Venezuela’s despotic President Nicolás Maduro back in from the cold” with attempts to “negotiate the reintroduction of the country’s crude-oil exports into the global market.” Or from overtures to Iran that might return its oil “to markets by the third quarter’” of 2022. Meanwhile, Biden dismisses the “notion that rolling back impediments to domestic energy production” will help short-term. But the point is the “long-term effect:” “If our conflict with the Russian regime will be a long one, we should have an energy policy that is equally far-sighted.” Yet “To prop up the green fantasy” Biden won’t budge on domestic exploration, “a sop to the environmental wing of the Democratic Party” he “may soon regret.” New Zealand’s crackdown on “an inconvenient protest against pandemic mandates” brings into question how free many democratic countries will be in the future, warns Reason’s J.D. Tuccille. Authorities in Wellington “shocked many observers” by resorting to “old-fashioned head-busting,” using tear gas and rubber bullets to break up a protest against “vaccine mandates, travel restrictions, curfews, and other dictates that elevate public-health wisdom of the moment over personal freedom.” Authorities have similarly stomped out protests in France, Canada and the Netherlands. “Already losing patience with populations that don’t always do what they’re told, governments found in the COVID-19 pandemic an excuse to become less tolerant and more draconian.” In this “increasingly illiberal world . . . governments are most peaceful, it turns out, when there’s little dissent to test that tolerance.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board