A US citizen was killed in the Ukrainian city of Chernihiv amid reports of a “heavy artillery attack” on civilians, the State Department said Thursday. The victim was identified by his sister as James Whitney Hill in a post on Facebook. “My brother Jimmy Hill was killed yesterday in Chernihiv, Ukraine,” Cheryl Hill Gordon wrote. “He was waiting in a bread line with several other people when they were gunned down by Russian military [snipers]. His body was found in the street by the local police.” On Tuesday, Idaho TV station Local News 8 said Hill was trapped in a Chernihiv hospital where his partner, Irina, a Ukrainian citizen, was being treated for multiple sclerosis. A friend, Karin Moseley, told the station that Hill had been “thrust into literally the middle of hell” after traveling to Ukraine in December. Earlier Thursday, a State Department spokesperson told The Post, “We can confirm the death of a US citizen in Ukraine on March 17.” “We offer our sincerest condolences to the family on their loss. Out of respect to the family during this difficult time, we have no further comment,” the spokesperson added. The confirmation came just hours after police in Chernihiv claimed at least one US citizen was killed following “a heavy artillery attack” by Russian forces on civilians. “Today, the occupiers once again carried out a heavy artillery attack on unarmed civilian residents of the city. There are dead and wounded people. Among the dead – a US citizen,” police wrote in a Facebook post. “Police officers are helping to evacuate affected citizens to medical facilities,” it continued. “Chernihiv police investigators are working at the scene. Law enforcement officers are carefully documenting all the circumstances and consequences of Russian war crimes.” The confirmation marks the second death of a US citizen during Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Brent Renaud, an award-winning journalist and former New York Times contributor, was killed by Russian forces near Kyiv on Sunday. Following the news of his death, national security adviser Jake Sullivan said Russia will face “appropriate consequences.”