Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson once again faced questions from Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee Wednesday about her sentencing of child pornography offenders after undergoing 13 hours of interrogation the previous day. After Sen. Josh Hawley (R-Mo.), led the charge in asking Jackson the day before about penalties he and other GOP members deemed too lenient, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) described child porn as “an epidemic of the internet” and asked Jackson if she viewed her role as deterring people “from going down that road”. “Senator, this crime is among the most difficult…” Jackson began. “Answer my question,” Graham interrupted. “Would you want to deter people from going down the road of using the computer that allows these people to have access to millions of photos because of the technology? I want those people – if you’re listening to my voice today and you’re on a computer looking at child pornography and you get caught, I hope you’re in – your sentences are enhanced because the computer and the internet is feeding the beast.” “Senator, with respect to the computer, one of the most effective deterrents is one that I imposed in every case – and that judges across the country impose in every case – which is substantial, substantial supervision…” Jackson said. “It is a bigger deterrent to take somebody who’s on a computer looking at sexual images of children in the most disgusting way to supervise their computer habits versus putting them in jail?” Graham asked, interrupting again. “Now, Senator, I didn’t say exactly what you said,” Jackson shot back. “I think the best way to deter people from getting on a computer and viewing thousands and hundreds … of children being exploited and abused … is to put their ass in jail, not supervise their computer usage!” Graham said. “Senator I wasn’t talking about ‘versus,’” Jackson attempted to say, before Graham interrupted again. “You just said you thought it was a deterrent to supervise them. I don’t think it is a deterrent. I think the deterrent is putting them in jail,” he said. Graham and Jackson continued to go back and forth for several minutes, with committee chairman Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) stepping in multiple times to ask that Jackson be allowed to respond. Jackson eventually explained that while the sentencing system used is a “rational one,” it was also created before widespread computer access to child pornography. “When modes of commission of the crime change – such that in two seconds, someone can receive or distribute thousands of images – that’s no longer a… indicator of a person who, relative to other people, has committed this crime in a more aggravated way. All we’re trying to do is be rational in our dealing with some of the most horrible kinds of behavior,” she said. Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) focused af his questioning on abortion, asking the DC Circut of Appeals Judge about infant viability. “There’s no suggestion that after 20 weeks that a child can be – live independently, correct?” he asked. “Senator, I’m not a biologist, I haven’t studied this. I don’t know,” Jackson responded. “You don’t know whether an unborn child could live outside the womb at 20 weeks’ gestation?” Cornyn pressed again. “What I know is that the Supreme Court has tests and standards that it’s applied when it evaluates regulation of the right of a woman to terminate their pregnancy,” Jackson said. “They have a – the Court has announced that there is a right to terminate up to the point of viability subject to the framework in Roe [v. Wade] and [Planned Parenthood v.] Casey and there’s a pending case right now that is addressing these issues.” Cornyn also asked the judge if she believed “under the current precedent of the Supreme Court, that there is a right to abortion up to and including the time of delivery of the child?” “Senator, I don’t – I don’t know, actually,” Jackson began. “I mean, the Supreme Court in every case is looking at individual regulations of the government related to individual rights, and I am not aware of the court having made a pronouncement about whether or not regulation can extend all the way up until birth. I’m just not aware of that.” When Cornyn asked if Jackson was implying the right to abortion could extend through the entirety of a pregnancy in some cases, Jackson clarified, saying “No, Senator. I’m suggesting that I’m not aware of any case that’s handled the issue.” Later in the hearing, Jackson told Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that if confirmed, she would recuse herself from a lawsuit against Harvard Univeristy over alleged discrimination against Asian-American students when it appears before the high court in its next term. Jackson currently serves on the Ivy League school’s Board of Overseers. “That is my plan, senator,” Jackson said in response to Cruz asking if she intended to recuse. During a press conference following Tuesday’s hearing, Durbin asked his colleagues to yield back their time during their second round of questioning in the hope of shortening Wednesday’s proceedings. “She is doing a fine job,” Durbin said of Jackson, “and I am hopeful that we will receive bipartisan support [for her confirmation], but I know that the Democrats feel the president made an extraordinary choice.” However, efforts at bipartisan comity took a hit as Wednesday’s proceedings began, with Cornyn and Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) accusing Durbin of inappropriately commenting about each Republican committee member’s line of questioning. “I noticed after every series of questioning on this side of the aisle, you choose to editorialize and contradict the points being made by this side of the aisle. I don’t know whether we will have an equal opportunity to editorialize about the advocacy that you and your colleagues [and] the points that you’re trying to make,” said Cornyn. “I don’t think it’s appropriate for the chairman, after every time somebody on this side of the aisle asks questions of the judge, you come back and you denigrate, and you attack and you criticize the line of questioning,” the Texas senator continued. “I think the judge is doing a pretty good job of defending her own position and answering questions.” Kennedy quickly backed up his Republican colleague, telling Durbin: “I’ve had the same issue in normal hearings, non-Supreme Court hearings, where you make editorial comments after our question. I appreciate your input, but it’s not offered in an even-handed way, and I just don’t think it’s productive.” “It’s called chairman’s time,” Durbin said firmly in response. “It is a tradition in this committee exercised by Senator Lindsey Graham as chairman and Senator [Chuck] Grassley…in the minority, we waited through chairman’s time when we had Republican chairs. There won’t be a separate set of rules for Democrats in control of this committee.” Durbin had opened the hearing by criticizing Republicans for resurrecting what he called a “discredited attack” on the sentencing issue and telling Jackson her nomination had become a “testing ground for conspiracy theories.” “I’m sorry we have to go through this,” Durbin told Jackson. “These are not theories in the mainstream of America, but have been presented here as such.” Jackson, who has previously been confirmed by the Senate to three federal posts, was nominated by President Biden last month to fill retiring Justice Stephan Breyer’s seat. Democrats are looking to finish the confirmation process before the Senate recesses in mid-April. If confirmed, Jackson would join the court for its next term in October.