To take on the titular role of “The Batman” one actor made sure he had less of a physique to pat down. As the days of shirtless acting drew near, Robert Pattinson was meticulously “counting sips of water” to prepare for his stripped-down scenes. The former “Twilight” actor, 35, stars as the Caped Crusader in the 2022 reboot of “The Batman.” But to play a death-defying, mysterious hunk takes intense preparation, including a strict diet. In fact, he undertook “months” of physical preparation for the acclaimed role. “I had about three months before the movie started, and then you’re working out before and after work all the time,” he told People on “The Batman” premiere red carpet Tuesday night. “You just cut down and cut down and cut down before the couple of scenes with your shirt off, and you’re counting sips of water.” Going shirtless in the movie, he said, was motivation to look his best. “Shame is my biggest motivator, 100%,” he joked. But Pattinson’s scenes aren’t all shirtless. When he’s not flaunting his abs, he’s donning the infamous — and powerful — Batman suit. “It’s funny because you read the script and you spend loads of time trying to figure out, ‘How can I play this character who does these sort of audacious acts?’ And the closer I got to the shoot I got more and more paranoid — you know, it feels ridiculous when you’re just sitting at home in a T-shirt — and then you put it on,” he said describing the costume. “It’s got an elemental power to it.” The “entire world suddenly changes,” he said of sporting the faux armor, “because people react to you differently” when they see it. He realized the character was “just way bigger” than him, akin to “wearing a crown.” But this isn’t the first time Pattinson has gone to the extremes for a role. In 2016, he told People he “ate nothing” to achieve a 28-inch waist for his role in “The Lost City of Z.” (Albeit, his svelte midsection only “lasted for three days” after shooting was over.) “After six or seven weeks of just eating half a little tiny bit of fish and like a crumb of rice,” he explained, “and then you eat a sandwich, and you’ve got on 15 pounds afterward.” For “Good Time” in 2017, his hair was dyed so much that it began falling out. “The Batman” arrives exclusively in US and UK theaters on March 4. AMC Theatres are planning to charge higher ticket prices for the superhero flick.