The Issue: The New York Times’ acknowledgment that ­e-mails found on Hunter Biden’s laptop were legitimate. “The Bidens can do no wrong” narrative peddled by The New York Times and large, influential social-media companies has aged about as well as Hunter Biden himself (“All the news that’s fit to print  . . . once Biden is elected,” March 18). If President Biden wants to deliver a convincing and truly transparent image of himself to the American people, he will own up to his incompetent, out-of-touch faults. Unfortunately, the dismissing of one’s own impotence has appeared to be an easier route for politicians like Biden to take as opposed to acknowledging and learning from their own missteps. Joseph D’AndreaMerrick People who get their information from The New York Times or any other mainstream media outlets are not interested in the truth. They want a narrative. If you continue to buy a newspaper that you know lies to you, it is because you want to hear the lies. Unfortunately, these people also vote, even with the truth staring them in the face, Under Biden, we’ve seen $80 billion in weapons left for the Taliban, millions of human beings flooding into our country, runaway inflation and a crime wave. We’ve been led to the precipice of an unnecessary war with Russia. Yet they’ll still turn to proven liars for their information. John DumaryDuanesburg It is appalling how the Times covered up the truth behind Hunter Biden’s laptop, although not surprising. Biden was never a good senator or vice president, and yet here we are with this lying, half-wit shell of a man as our president. If you are a thinking person, you have to ask yourself how and why he got where he is. The Democrats are in for a red tsunami in November because they are not listening to We the People. The Republicans are just as bad, but at this point you have to pick your poison. God forbid we ever get stuck with Kamala. Allison LukeRockville Centre The Times has finally decided to acknowledge that the Hunter Biden laptop is real, is his and was never was a tool to spread Russian disinformation. Sadly, the Times exposed itself to be not a news organization, but rather a public-relations resource for the Democratic Party. The same can be said of CNN, MSNBC, NPR and most of our nation’s publications. The excellent reporting by the New York Post might have reached a much wider audience, but for the fact that social media companies decided to put their thumbs on the scale and keep this information from Americans. Is it any wonder that the American people have lost faith in our political class, mainstream media and institutions? Thank God for The Post. Chris MarquesHamburg, NJ The Times has finally acknowledged what the rest of the non-progressive world has known for 17 months — that Hunter’s laptop and everything in it are legitimate. The ramifications of this are both revealing and disconcerting. The Times has confirmed, among other things, that Hunter received gifts and cash from a Russian oligarch while his father was the vice president. Most disconcerting, however, is that by burying the laptop story, the mainstream media and Big Tech colluded to interfere with the election against former President Donald Trump. Jack KaufmanNaples, Fla. So the Times admits that The Post’s story was true all along. The paper only admits it after the election is over. This just proves that the mainstream media is in the pocket of the Democratic Party, and now that the world is in a very dangerous place, they are still blaming the previous administration. This is why the press has lost all credibility with the American public. Dan GardnerStaten Island Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.