Summer means saying hello to sunblock, fun days at the beach, trendy bathing suits and of course, your favorite pool floats. These days, you can’t go on social media from Memorial Day to Labor Day without spotting at least a handful of your friends posing with a decorative pool float. So if you haven’t yet gotten your chance to snag an iconic pool float (whether it’s a unicorn, a pizza slice day bed or even a colorful jet ski), summer 2022 is definitely your moment! Ahead, find a dozen different places you can get your hands on the best pool floats on the market. There are options for adults, teens, kids and babies at a variety of different price points — to make sure everyone has fun in the sun this upcoming season. Retailers include Frontgate, Amazon, Urban Outfitters, FUNBOY, Pottery Barn and more. FUNBOY is one of the most popular modern-day pool float companies online that sells dozens of creative options. From their Malibu Barbie themed convertible float to an inflatable airplane pool float, there’s bound to be something on their website you’ll love. The best part? They’re currently doing a sitewide 20% off sale! Zulily is another great website to find a few good quality pool floats. They have many lounger options to get that perfect tan while lying in the water, ring floats and large noodles too. Do you love following “Dude with Sign” on Instagram? If so, you won’t be able to resist this hilarious pool float from Urban Outfitters. UO also has a plethora of other great options from glittery chair floats to Rolling Stones themed day beds. Amazon is an ideal place to snag a float if you’re on a time crunch, since Amazon Prime Shipping will get your package to you in just two days. A lot of Amazon shoppers are good at leaving reviews as well, so you can be sure to get the best possible option. This float in particular has more than 10,000 raving reviews. If you’re on the hunt for a float with a nice discount, you can’t go wrong with Nordstrom Rack. They offer a lot of fun picks from brands such as Nobia, Big Mouth Toys and more. Overstock’s pool accessory section is one that may be hard to beat. They have comfy bean bag chair floats, soft loungers to get the perfect tan and much more. If you’re willing to spend a little more money, Frontgate has tons of awesome pool floats that you’ll love this summer and beyond. These large pool floats for instance, come in many different colors and patterns and are easy to store. Walmart, of course, has a lot of good pool floats that won’t break the bank. From floating air mattresses that can fit two people to donut floats, they’ve got you covered. Pottery Barn sells a wide variety of quality options including these soft, bean bag-esque loungers that come in many different sizes and two colors: red and turquoise. Wayfair pool float selection includes this awesome floating Beer Pong table, chair floats and noodles, too. Get your hands on hundreds of different pool float options from Target, including picks for adults, kids and babies. If you’re on the hunt for the perfect tubing float, Dick’s Sporting Goods will not only get you the best of the best for the boat but for the pool as well. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.