While we’re all super cozy at our WFH desks — wearing button-down worktops and pajama pants and having the time to make a stir-fry during lunch break, the commute back to the office is right around the corner — if it hasn’t already been reinstated. And, in addition to hunting down the best outfits to wear to work and the easiest work dresses to throw on, you’re going to need a trusty tote to carry all the essentials. Let’s just face the facts — a stylish shoulder bag won’t only make you feel like a boss, but it’ll present newfound motivation for getting back into the groove of 5 a.m. wake-ups. Now, your reliable tote is sitting in the corner of your room, probably has a few old gum wrappers and receipts from restaurants you used to frequent with your co-worker clan and, truthfully, is probably a bit beaten up. Plus, you’re likely going to be adding one (or more!) of our to-die-for selects to your holiday wishlist this year, considering you’ll need a quality tote to store your Kindle for subway reading and AirPods for audiobook listening. Not to worry. We hand-selected the 25 best tote bags for every budget and style that are just as versatile for after-work drinks as they are for holding your high heels to change into at your desk post-subway trip (we know the drill). But, before we dive into our top selects, you just have to consider this cuter-than-cute lunch tote that’ll make you want to consider how you’ll be transporting your mixed salads and turkey wraps. And, the quality is unbeatable — one of our favorites! Click to jump to the best tote bags for your budget: Say hello to Shay Mitchell’s brand, Beis, which has the most adorable weekender bags and totes we’ve ever seen. Notably, its Travel Tote is just shy of $100 and has a chic, match-all design to wear with any work outfit. For less than $35, you can’t go wrong with the NewHey Waterproof Laptop Tote that’s waterproof, has a divine leather feel and adds some structure to your look. Plus, it comes in a variety of colors (like seriously, so many). If you’re on the hunt for a perfect, affordable and briefcase-like work tote, look no further than EcoSusi’s. It’s roomy, too, and guarantees you’ll serve a fresh and cool look when walking into the office (clad with a tassel, of course). Stay on-trend with the mauves this season by picking up Bromen’s Leather Tote. Also coming in a spread of colors (an even larger one, at that), it’s a cute option that’s still quite roomy. Lulus is going full-send on back-to-office pieces, especially with its Back to Business Tote. For less than $100, it’ll carry all your work essentials and won’t be too heavy on your shoulders. Plus, it’s chic and the long strap is perfect for your commute. As one of the best deals in this edit, the Ted Baker London Leather Tote is a premium option that’s $125 off right now. It’ll elevate any look, whether you’re wearing a shift dress and flats or work pants and loafers. Totes are the name of the game at Kate Spade, which is one of the reasons we curated a gift guide of the best Kate Spade gifts you can buy. Specifically, the designer’s Lori Tote is another incredible deal to take advantage of. For $40, you’re going to want to pick up every color of this Genuine Leather Tote Bag. It just looks high-end and the tassel emblem is a nice touch. This guide would incomplete without a mention of Longchamp’s decades-long classic: the Le Pliage Nylon Shoulder Tote. The nylon material makes it stain-resistant, too, so it’s a quality option for any bus rider, subway commuter or walker of many avenues. Looking for a solid suede tote bag this season? Mark & Graham has a waitlist-worthy Essential Suede Tote that has several compartments and won’t break on you. However, keep in mind that suede isn’t as weather-resistant as leather, but we still love this bag. Timeless and traditional is Madewell’s middle name, and we adore its Medium Transport Tote for that reason. Its vertical composition fits a laptop charger-side up nicely, along with other work carry-ons that you’ll reach for throughout your day. Premiering its early Black Friday sale, Macy’s has more than $70 off the Ralph Lauren Pebble Reversible Tote. The leather looks absolutely delightful, and this faux leather tote has two exterior options for you to mix and match your look. As a work tote that’s flying off the (Internet) shelves, Calpak’s Haven Laptop Tote Bag is a smooth delight to walk around with. Which, makes sense, since its style is derived from a reliable travel bag company. Fossil’s Rachel Tote is a unique option to pick up that’s fairly priced and has that smooth, feel-good exterior we all know and love. Plus, the gold key detail gives this pack-all bag some extra oomph. Yes, the popular Away Luggage has luggage perfect for your next tropical island trip (we all can dream) and a Latitude Tote that’s ideal for working your 9-to-5. With a roomy interior and a minimal design, it’s hard not to love. One of my friends carried Tory Burch’s Ella Tote around in high school and it was so roomy, yet unstructured to fit a myriad of books, a laptop and probably a Barbie Dreamhouse if you could. For less than $200, it’s one of our top-recommended finds. It’s quality, it’s wide for storage and it’s a gem. Kurt Geiger London’s Violet Large Horizontal Leather Tote is $240 of pure bliss to take to work with you. Not to mention, it’s so dang wide. We love a good structured option that pairs well with any outfit. In other words, Tory Burch’s Perry Triple Compartment Leather Tote is one we have heart eyes for, and one we highly consider adding to your holiday wishlists this year. If you’re on a mission to find a feminine-leaning, chic work tote with a pop of pink, Botkier’s Allen Large Leather Tote is your best bet. And, it comes in other high-quality colors for you to choose from. Did someone say — we’re going to design a tote to match your Louboutins? Perfect for a day of work turned evening office party, Mansur Gavriel’s Large Tote is an angel-sent work tote, to say the least. Chloé is the one we want this year. The brand’s Woody Logo Strap Canvas Tote is one of the most stunning canvas bags out there. Not to mention, the strap says it all. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.