With a sordid past, the iconic Viper Room in West Hollywood, California, is being transformed into a “mixed-use” luxury high-rise building. Located on the Sunset Strip, the historic nightclub was first established in 1993 and originally co-owned by Johnny Depp, business partner Anthony Fox and Sal Jenco, who starred in “21 Jump Street.” The club has long become known as the hangout spot for the Hollywood elite. At Depp’s request, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers performed on the club’s opening night. Johnny Cash, Slash and the Strokes were also among others who performed at the venue. Tragedies have been at the center of the club for decades. On Halloween night in 1993, River Phoenix died of a drug overdose right outside. It was also the last place Australian rock star Michael Hutchence played a week before his suicide. But now, it has a new future. In partnership with Miami-based architecture and design firm Arquitectonica, on Wednesday, they unveiled a newly updated design for 8850 Sunset Blvd., with construction scheduled to begin in 2023. “Designed to further revitalize the Sunset Strip while paying homage to its rich legacy, the 8850 Sunset project will contribute to the liveliness of the community throughout the day and night with a remarkable mixed-use vision that includes street level cafés, pedestrian-oriented restaurants and bars, retail spaces, a five-star luxury hotel, and residences,” the press release said. The Viper Room had undergone several changes in terms of ownership. Depp relinquished his ownership in 2004 following a lawsuit involving the disappearance of co-owner Anthony Fox in December 2001. At the time of his disappearance, Fox was facing financial ruin and defeat in a legal case he had filed against Depp and four others, claiming the actor had stiffed him on money owed from the infamous nightclub they co-owned. It is currently owned by Viper Room Holdings CEO James Cooper and Silver Creek Development. The press release explained that the Viper Room will include a newly designed public entrance that “references the design of the iconic space,” a new music venue and a recording studio “that will also pay tribute to the history, authenticity, and soul of the popular nightclub in a new modern framework, and memorabilia from the original Viper [Room] will be featured throughout the venue.” The residential portion of the project will include 26 market-rate condominiums and eight affordable housing units, as well as state-of-the-art residential amenities. “We are delighted to bring forth this distinguished mixed-use project that pairs an unparalleled level of luxury and attention to detail with a historic location on the iconic Sunset Strip,” Charles Essig, managing director at Silver Creek Development, said in a statement. He continued: “The project is a complementary offering to the Strip and will include a five-star luxury hotel to make 8850 Sunset a premier destination in the heart of West Hollywood.” The building will stand 12 stories. At street level will be the Viper Room entrance and a two-story podium with cafes and public spaces. Levels two through five will feature a five-star luxury hotel. Floors six through 10 will be reserved for the residences. An open-concept residential rooftop and pool pair with the hotel’s presidential suite and rooftop amenities on the top level, the press release states.