Calling all coffee lovers! As spring is just about to be sprung, Starbucks is in full bloom with a new drink hitting its spring 2022 menu. That’s right — America’s No. 1 favorite spot for all things cappuccinos, cold brews and cold foams is shaking things up with a brand-new Iced Toasted Vanilla Oatmilk Shaken Espresso, available Tuesday. The new debut for lovers of tall, grande and venti is a new toasted twist on the classic vanilla flavor, made with Starbucks’ Blonde espresso and notes of caramelized vanilla. Of course, it’s shaken with ice and then topped with oatmilk. It’s specially curated to cater to dairy-free drinkers and those who prefer low-calorie pick-me-ups for their mornings and afternoons, as this springy addition is less than 200 calories. Why the new Shaken Espresso? Well, the new Iced Toasted Vanilla Oatmilk flavor joins the Iced Brown Sugar Oatmilk Shaken Espresso and its Iced Chocolate Almondmilk countertop — two caffeine refreshers that have landed a spot on Starbucks’ permanent menu for commuters, shoppers and everyone else to sip and enjoy. Interestingly enough, in almost two decades since delivering firsthand-shaken beverages to happy customers, the international coffeehouse realizes that the cold isn’t just for summer afternoons anymore. According to Starbucks’ press release, “a growing number of customers favor cold beverages,” with demographics helping to drive this shift. Not to mention, we have grown to romanticize espresso, right down to its rich-aromatized, bean-derived core. Whether you clutch your countertop coffee grinder in the morning or brew a classic roast with your coffee maker, the deep flavor is undeniably delicious — and a great addition to your day. Even if pretty peonies and blossoming blooms aren’t quite outside your door, Starbucks has proved that its iced beverages (especially its debut Toasted Vanilla Oatmilk Shaken Espresso) are the refreshing treat worth trying. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.