As Paris Fashion Week wraps up Tuesday, one prominent Russian designer will not be showing off his duds – and not because he couldn’t travel to the City of Lights. Valentin Yudashkin, who designed the Russian army’s uniform in 2008, was kicked out of the show on Sunday, because he has not spoken out against the war in Ukraine. “Our team wanted to verify the position of Valentin Yudashkin,” Ralph Toledano, president of the group that organizes the show told Women’s Wear Daily. “If he had doubt about the war in Ukraine, it would have been hard to remove him from the program. That was not the case.” Toledano, who heads up the Federation de la Haute Couture et de la Mode, added “It became clear that he is an affiliate of the regime.” The designer, whose work has appeared in Vogue, Elle, Tatler and other major publications and who has dressed celebrities worldwide, did not immediately respond for comment. A spokeswoman for Paris Fashion Week told The Post that Yadushkin is the only Russian designer who was banned from participating in the show. Born in Moscow where his company is based, Yudashkin’s Facebook page says his brand is sold in 25 countries. His designs have been featured in the Metropolitan Museum of New York. In 2008, the Russian government tapped him to redesign the military’s uniform. It had been one of his most demanding projects, including 85 uniforms across the air force, navy and army, he told Reuters at the time. Yadushkin had to personally present the final designs to Russian president Vladimir Putin at the time. His association with the Russian army contributed to Toledano’s decision, the executive told WWD. “If they live abroad then they have no excuse not to speak out,” Gary Wassner, chief executive of Hilldun Corp. a lender to the fashion industry. “For those living in Russia currently, it’s not so easy. Though it’s hard for them to speak out, they must in order to prevent this genocide.” It’s not clear whether Yadushkin resides in Russia, but his company is based in Moscow.