Emmy- and Golden Globe-nominated actress Linda Gray has just landed her newest star role. Seated next to a fireplace, the “Dallas” mainstay, best known for her role as Sue Ellen Ewing, appears on video recounting memories of the Southern California ranch she’s owned for decades — which The Post can report she’s now listing for $2.99 million. “I’ve been here 50 … years — and loved every single moment,” Gray said in the nearly 5-minute flick, being used to add some extra promotion for the property, located in the Canyon Country enclave of Santa Clarita. Billy Rose, Natasha Sizlo and Andrea Korchek of The Agency have the listing. “I adored it here, and I still do,” Gray — who appeared on “Dallas” from 1978 to 1991, and later reprised her role in a series continuation between 2012 to 2014 — later adds. Despite the attachment, she’s ready to part ways — and has been for some time. Gray, an 81-year-old Southern California native who also had appearances on the TV series “Hilton Head Island” in 2018, previously listed the gated estate, called Oak Tree Ranch, in 2018 for $2.99 million, according to records and reports. Now that it’s back for sale, a prospective owner on the hunt for a rustic retreat now has a strong option to consider. The property spans across a 116,084-square-foot lot, and the grounds include a home that measures 4,800 square feet. The property also has a tennis court, a large pool with a spa, a koi pond, a chicken coop and organic gardens. Most of all, the three-bedroom mid-century modern spread comes with a big dose of architectural pedigree. The late architect A. Quincy Jones — respected for his work on the midcentury Sunnylands estate in Rancho Mirage, Calif., which was the winter home of diplomat and philanthropist couple Walter and Leonore Annenberg — designed Gray’s home. It was built in 1973. At that time, Gray was married to the now-late Ed Thrasher — the art director at Warner Brothers, whose Burbank offices Jones was in the midst of designing. “[Ed] said, could you come out here and take a look?” said Gray in the video. “We just bought this property.” And the purchase of it came fortuitously. In the video, Gray mentions that she and Thrasher had friends in Santa Clarita from Tennessee who were eyeing horse properties — and they accompanied them on their visit. “We were across the street looking at their possible home, and somebody drove down and said, ‘Why don’t you look at [the other] property? It’s for sale.’” Thrasher told Gray, “Let’s go look at it.” The rest is history. (This also being a horse property, this listing additionally includes stables for four horses, plus a tack room/barn.) The greatest get is the main home’s interior, which the video shows in wide shots. Much to its mid-century design, features include floor-to-ceiling windows in the living area and a handsome wood-beamed ceiling. Also spread throughout this area, tree trunk columns that help frame the space. “They added the finishing touch to what was already beautiful, but it felt like it was strong to hold up this home,” she said of the trunk columns. “And I love them to this day.” The living room has its own fireplace, and there’s another in the master suite, the latter of which is noticeably raised to be at level with the bed. “I wanted to have a fireplace in my bedroom,” added Gray. “I just think it’s yummy and romantic and everything beautiful. But I didn’t want a fireplace that was [located] down, I didn’t want to look down. I wanted to be in my bed and see it, eye level.” Another space that Gray highlights is the chef’s kitchen, which comes designed by architect Josh Schweitzer. In the video, Gray stands at a long counter, chopping herbs — while other shots show a pizza oven and professional-grade appliances. Above the stove, dozens of pots and pans hang from an overhead rack. “One of the things I talked to Josh about was I don’t like things hidden in cupboards,” she said. “Then I have to go digging to find them and, ugh, [it] makes me crazy. And so Josh said, ‘I got it’ … and he hung this beautiful rack … where I could hang all my pots and pans.” The property lends itself well to entertaining — but Gray notes the peaceful surroundings also bring a sense of calm. “It makes you feel wonderful and warm and inviting — it invites you to enjoy your life and that’s what my home is basically all about,” she said. “It’s about enjoyment, it’s about solitude, it’s about relaxing.”