Conservative: DeSantis Is the Gov Florida Needs “For nearly two years, since the moment Gov. Ron DeSantis reopened beaches, schools, and businesses, all eyes have been on the Sunshine State. No other state has faced similar scrutiny. No other politician has been similarly dissected,” Karol Markowicz observes for RealClearPolitics. And the results prove “DeSantis was right and other governors were wrong.” DeSantis made “tough decisions in opposition to common thinking”; his policies “exposed how other states deeply hurt themselves and damaged their residents.” It goes on: The gov just signed the “Parental Rights in Education bill into law,” preventing kids from being indoctrinated by leftist sexual mores, and simply “brushes off” the media outrage. “They can talk all they like, he’ll do what he wants.” Gaffe watch: Joe’s ‘Improv’ Endangers the World “At what point,” wonders The Wall Street Journal’s Gerard Baker, “does Joe Biden’s verbal incontinence start to become a mortal threat to Americans?” His missteps are so frequent the White House has “stopped attempting to correct” his words on chemical weapons, troop movements and now regime change in Russia — claiming instead that any word means “just what [they] choose it to mean.” This “reckless language . . . compromises the ability of the U.S. and its allies to achieve our objectives” and ups “the risk of a miscalculation.” Churchill in WWII “mobilized the English language and sent it into battle.” “Biden seems intent on doing the same — only he may be sending it into battle on the wrong side.” Pandemic journal: Lockdowns a Tragic Mistake Worldwide data on excess deaths (all deaths during the pandemic minus the average number of deaths in pre-pandemic years) prove “the few places that rejected draconian Covid restrictions did not see the catastrophic death counts” that some predicted, report Martin Kulldorff & Jay Bhattacharya at Spiked. So politicians were wrong to claim “draconian lockdowns” would save lives. Rather, “by ignoring basic, long-standing principles of public health during the pandemic, most nations marched down the path of folly together.” The politicians “will be fine,” but the “devastation on children, the poor, the working class and the middle class” that was caused by the lockdowns “will take decades to repair.” Libertarian: Joe’s Desperate Tax Flip-Flop “On the campaign trail,” Joe Biden “rejected wealth taxes as punitive, divisive, and unworkable. Now, as president, he’s embraced the idea,” marvels Reason’s Peter Suderman. Biden slammed the Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren tax plans “because they taxed wealth of a small, specific group of individuals.” He even “went out of his way to insist that ‘tax policy is not about punishment.’ ” Now he offers a “Billionaire Minimum Income Tax,” which “applies to all income, realized and unrealized, for households worth more than $100 million” — that is, it taxes “money that someone has not actually seen, based on the value of their holdings.” It’s a “desperate policy gimmick by a White House struggling with low approval numbers on the economy.” Liberal: GOP’s Supreme Court Clown Show “Americans were awakened from the heroic struggle in Ukraine and again confronted with the moronic culture war that commands attention in Washington” when “Republican senators attacked Ketanji Brown Jackson, making up positions she never had,” fumes Creators columnist Froma Harrop. GOP senators “hit a new bottom” with “exhibitionist performances,” accusing Jackson of being soft on child-porn offenders when her sentencing is clearly in the mainstream in such cases. Republicans keep crying foul, but in 2016 “then-Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell refused to even give [Merrick] Garland a hearing with the phony excuse that the winner of an upcoming presidential election should get to pick. That election was seven months away. Four years later, less than a month before the 2020 election, McConnell scheduled a hearing for Trump’s nominee, Amy Coney Barrett. She was confirmed one week before Americans got to vote.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board