This self-confessed mistress is revealing the four distinct lies that men tell their wives when they’re cheating. Amy Kupps, 32, only sleeps with married men and “doesn’t care” that she’s a homewrecker. “Cheaters are a thrill in bed, mainly because they haven’t been pleased in years so they are willing to do whatever it takes to get me excited,” the brazen brunette told Jam Press. “I tend to go for men in their late 30s or 40s, as they are much more romantic, financially stable and experienced in bed,” she obnoxiously added. Although Kupps has no regrets about being a mistress, she is now sharing what straying spouses say to their wives as an act of public service. The North Carolina native explained that the first lie a cheater will tell their partner is that they’re “meeting up with a friend for a quick drink.” “They’ll tell their wives not to wait up all night waiting for them,” the mistress declared. According to Kupps, the second lie revolves around absences that account for a longer period of time. “He’ll likely say, ‘I have meetings and am traveling all week for work,'” she declared. The unapologetic homewrecker told Jam Press that many gullible wives believe their husbands are away on business when they’re actually shacked up at a nearby motel with another woman. Thirdly, Kupps claims a cheater will tell his wife not to call his work phone as their “boss will get upset if they take personal calls.” The mistress says women should be especially wary if their husband keeps their work phone locked away in a private place. Finally, the fourth lie a cheater will tell is: “I’ve got a new credit card but it’s just for work, so don’t worry about it.” Kupps claims that the card is likely being used to pay for a mistress’s expenses. The brunette says cheaters spend more on their mistresses than they do on their spouses. Kupps shockingly told Jam Press that her married paramours have even gifted her with hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash. “I prefer cash over expensive gifts,” she proudly declared. “My lovers have pretty much bought the $500,000 house that I’m building for myself.” “I take their money to pay my bills and pamper myself, and can get upward of $50,000 in gifts every month,” the busty brunette further proclaimed. Kupps hit headlines last year after she resigned from her middle school teaching job after her OnlyFans account was uncovered by school officials. “I loved that I had this side to me that no one at school knew about,” Kupps said at the time. “I felt like a naughty superhero — teacher by day, temptress by night.”