Marisa Tomei recently had to hit up her “The King of Staten Island” co-star Pete Davidson after she realized she was stiffed on her check for the role. The Oscar winner, 57, portrayed a fictionalized version of the “Saturday Night Live” star’s mom in the 2020 film. Davidson, 28, co-wrote the screenplay with director Judd Apatow and Dave Sirus. Tomei spoke to Rolling Stone on Thursday and revealed that she called the comedian that same day to ask about why she didn’t receive a payment for her work on the comedy-drama. “I actually just was talking to Pete today, because I was like, ‘I never got paid for that. Did you?,'” the “Spider-Man: No Way Home” actress said. “In this age of transparency, can we talk?” She continued, “But despite that, I had a rollicking good time. [With director] Judd [Apatow’s] approach to improv — which is extensive — I was ­intimidated. I’m with all these stand-up [comics]. It was so freeing. Really changed how I approach each character going forward.” Tomei also couldn’t help but gush over Davidson’s appeal and talent, adding: “He’s just so f–king real, and he’s unfiltered, but very sensitive.” “So he’s almost an irresistible combination. And he’s good-looking, even though I played … let’s just put the mom thing aside. Let’s, like, never mention that again,” she joked. The Marvel Cinematic Universe alum recently played Aunt May Parker in Tom Holland’s iteration of “Spider-Man” and revealed late last year that she campaigned to have her character be a lesbian in the final film of the trilogy. In a December interview with the Geeks of Color, she divulged more about the plot tidbit. “There was a moment, where I felt that May — maybe she should just be with a woman because Ben is gone,” Tomei said. Ben is Peter Parker’s dead uncle and May’s husband in the Marvel comic books. The “My Cousin Vinny” actress also suggested that her romantic interest be played by Sony executive Amy Pascal. “And we were kind of talking about it,” Tomei quipped. “And so I actually really wanted Amy Pascal from Sony to be my girlfriend!” The Boston University graduate added, “I was like, ‘No one even has to know, Amy. I’ll just be in a scene and you’ll be over there. And I’ll just be like, “Hey!” It’ll just be a subtle thing.’” However, Tomei’s request was shot down by the studios and “no one went for it at the time.” The Post reached out to Apatow’s rep for comment.