Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov admitted that Russia had bombed the maternity hospital in Mariupol, Ukraine, but justified it by saying it was housing Ukrainian militants — and not the pregnant women being carried out of the rubble on stretchers as captured on video for all the world to see (except those in Russia) (“Atrocity,” March 10). Russia’s pathetic attempt to cover up its atrocities committed against civilians must be strongly condemned. The video of these war crimes should be shown at the United Nations on a continuous loop so that Russian diplomats and their few allies can see the truth instead of listening to lies. Paul Kamenar Chevy Chase, MD As the feckless Biden administration and our NATO allies stand by and witness the carnage being inflicted on the innocent citizens of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelensky pleads for their help. I look on the United States government and its NATO partners with as much respect as I would have for subway riders who watch a person being assaulted at the other end of their subway car and do nothing to stop it. Bo Madden Jupiter, Fla. Over the past two weeks-plus, we have learned a few things about the Russian military: It is very good at terrorizing and killing civilians, including pregnant mothers at a maternity hospital, but only mediocre at actually fighting an opposing army, even one that is much smaller and has significantly less armor, planes and other resources. With 10 grandchildren that I wish long, happy and prosperous lives, I am far from hawkish, but I am also a realist. Vladimir Putin will not be satisfied when all of Ukraine’s major cities are reduced to rubble and his army occupies Kiev. The West not taking the necessary action now to stop this thug will only postpone the inevitable while empowering other aggressive nations to invoke the nuclear threat to get their way. John Kapica Carmel History is repeating itself with Putin trying to seize Ukraine for himself. He’s killing innocent civilians with no regard for human life — whether adults or children. He’s even bombed a children’s hospital. Of course, the soldiers and civilians have shown great bravery defending their country. This is not just a nation fighting for its freedom; the stakes are much higher. The madman ­Adolf Hitler invaded Poland, then pushed his military to take country after county. Had he been successful, the entire world might have fallen under him. He started with one country. Putin is at the same stage. If he succeeds, he may take the same path, crossing border after border with his military. Joseph Comperchio Brooklyn I saw in The Post a pregnant woman being carried to safety after the bombing of a maternity and children’s hospital. Zelensky called the bombing an “atrocity.” Putin and his military machine have committed war crimes by killing women and children, and they feel no guilt. I’m greatly saddened and appalled over the murder of innocent civilians that has just taken place. President Biden and NATO must now take stronger action. Frederick Bedell Bellerose The bombing of the maternity hospital in Mariupol is the shame of Mother Russia. Russians of all walks of life should feel dirty from the carnage that Vlad is inflicting on a people whom he purportedly refers to as “kin.” Imagine how he’ll treat a nation like Poland that he looks down on. Poland is the main target of his ire, since that is where the unraveling of the Warsaw Pact, and eventually his beloved Soviet Union, began. With 90 percent of the Russian army bogged down in Ukraine, now is the time for the Russian people to revolt and remove this stain on their nation. Richard Reay East Fishkill Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.