Kevin Durant is not going to say that the Nets have no shot if Kyrie Irving does not get a shot. But the Nets’ full-time superstar does view the title window as wide open if the 2021-22 Nets never reach full strength. “I signed here for five years to play,” Durant said Monday morning after Nets shootaround. “Obviously this year’s important, but no matter what happens this year, I still want to do it again. And again. I want to continue to play, have this group together as long as we can. “So short term, we can focus on [this year’s chances] for sure, but we’re also looking at the big picture of things, too. Seeing how we can build something sustainable for more than just a year or two or three. “I know I’m getting old,” he added with a smile, “but I feel like I’m mentally and physically in a solid space to contribute to an organization that’s ready to grow and reach new heights.” The Nets entered play in eighth place in the Eastern Conference and firmly in the play-in picture, and while they loom as a threat because of the talent, that talent has never been whole this season. Ben Simmons was acquired in the James Harden trade and has yet to debut because of a herniated disc, the Nets revealed Monday. He still is not practicing with the team. Irving was banished from the Nets and then accepted back as a part-time player, but New York City’s private-sector mandate has not been repealed. Which means the Nets’ best chances at a full-time Irving would mean the point guard changing his vaccination status. “I mean, what is it, April almost? It’s pretty obvious that he’s not going to take the shot,” Durant said before the Nets hosted the Jazz at Barclays Center on Monday. If the season ended today, the Nets would travel to Toronto for the 7-8 play-in game, a trip Irving would not be able to make. If they lost that game, the Nets would host the winner of the 9-10 game, meaning Irving again could not play. Durant said he hopes the mandate gets rolled back, but if not, “the rest of the guys just got to go play and live with the results. I think we’re all comfortable with that.” Including Irving, who is nonetheless “frustrated,” Durant said, that his vaccination status has kept him off their home court. Irving recently has been allowed back into the arena, which made for a strange sight that the Nets pounced upon. But Mayor Eric Adams has shown no indication that the mandate will be reversed, and new City Health Commissioner Dr. Ashwin Vasan said last week the policy would continue on an “indefinite” basis. “[Irving] figured this stuff would be rolled back by now, we’d be way past this,” Durant said. “But it’s the situation we’re in — we got to deal with it, he’s got to deal with it. Trusting that it’ll get figured out there soon.” If the Nets work in theory more than in practice this season, Durant would understand because he is trying to see the whole picture. He likes what the Nets are building, even if there are plenty of questions to be addressed after the season. Irving can opt out from his contract this offseason. Patty Mills has a player option for next season that he could decline. Among the unrestricted free agents will be LaMarcus Aldridge, Andre Drummond, Bruce Brown and James Johnson. Still, Durant said he is happy with the organization’s future. “I’m not guaranteeing that we got a championship. But I just like what we’re building,” the 33-year-old said. “And I’m not going to say this is the only year we’ve got an opportunity to fight and work towards something. I don’t think next year we’ve got to start all the way over and try to figure out what’s the next iteration of the Nets. “I feel like we can just build on what we have and see what happens. We got guys that are committed and want to be here.” Included in that group is Simmons, who is running out of time and has yet to practice with the team with less than three weeks left in the season. Durant said the former Sixer is in good spirits. “We don’t want him to rush, even though we want to play with him badly,” said Durant, whose advice was: “Take your time and get right.”