Sooner than you think, you’ll be spending hours at the beach, sipping on your favorite summer cocktails and planning your next fishing trip. Before embarking on another fun fishing season, we recommend checking out what type of gear you’re working with and replacing whatever is necessary. (Especially while you can take advantage of some great pre-summer deals!) While fishing is generally an expensive sport, it doesn’t have to be! Fishing rods can easily cost you upwards of $300, but powerhouse retailer Amazon supplies dozens of awesome options for as low as $18. Whether you’re a veteran fisherman or just starting out, we’ve got you covered. Keep reading the get the lowdown on all the best fishing rods and kits, according to thousands of Amazon reviews. Happy fishing! Not only does this set come with a quality rod but it also features a carry case filled with fishing accessories like colorful lures, hooks, fishing line and more. The Zebco 202 is another great pick with more than 2,500 reviews. It comes with a spin-cast reel and a handful of lures. If you have plenty of lures, consider the Ugly Stik Gx2 Spinning Fishing Rod that starts at just $40. This PLUSINNO combo is the ultimate kit for all levels. It’s an all-in-one fishing rod (great for fresh and saltwater) with fishing line and a tackle box that includes a selection of crank-baits, float bobbers, jig heads, soft lures, swivels and sinkers suited to a range of different fishing situations. If you’re just starting your collection, take advantage of this two-for-one set. This two-piece Fiblink Surf Spinning Fishing Rod set delivers the extraordinary toughness of solid carbon fiber construction and precisely tuned action for boat fishing. If you’re just starting out and want a good all-around rod, this Piscifun is a great option since it comes in a variety of weights. The Medium Heavy and Medium bait-casting rods are ideal for beginners. If you’re working with little storage, consider this BlueFire pick, as it comes with a telescopic fishing rod — ideal for small spaces. The full kit includes the rod, reel, line, lures, hooks and a carrier bag. For those who want to spend a little more, go for the Dobyns Fury Series rod with more than 500 positive Amazon reviews. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.