Former CNN president Jeff Zucker’s mistress exchanged flirty text messages with her ex-boss, then-New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, suggesting they meet up for drinks and that he would serve as her “pool boy,” according to a bombshell report. Allison Gollust, the former chief marketing officer who had a years-long affair with Zucker, kept up a friendly relationship with Cuomo in recent years, Rolling Stone reported Friday. Gollust joined CNN after serving a four-month stint as Cuomo’s communications director beginning in late 2012. Risa Heller, a spokesperson for Gollust and Zucker, vehemently denied to Rolling Stone that there was a sexual relationship between Gollust and the former governor.According to Rolling Stone, the two met for drinks on several occasions in 2019 and 2020. After Cuomo split from then-girlfriend Sandra Lee, he reportedly texted Gollust: “You don’t want to see me now that I’m single?” To which Gollust is said to have replied: “A drink with you would be the best date I’ve had in a while.” In another exchange which reportedly took place months later, Cuomo wondered if Gollust would allow him to be her “pool boy.” Gollust is reported to have responded positively to the suggestion, according to Rolling Stone. In another exchange, Gollust texted Cuomo: “That was fun. Sleep well.” “It’s no secret that Allison and Governor Cuomo had a friendly relationship after Allison briefly worked for him in 2012,” Heller told Rolling Stone. “For Rolling Stone to suggest through innuendo and creative syntax — and no evidence — that there was a sexual relationship between the two in 2020 is disgusting, sexist, and patently false. In fact, Allison was never in the same room as the governor during 2020.” A Cuomo spokesperson told the publication: “Allison and the governor were former colleagues and friends, never had a romantic relationship, and it is impossible to have two sources saying otherwise because it is a total fabrication.” Zucker stepped down as president of CNN earlier this year after he revealed that he failed to disclose his affair with Gollust, who was his subordinate. Executives at CNN parent WarnerMedia learned of the affair during an investigation into the firing of Cuomo’s brother, Chris, the longtime primetime host at the cable channel. Chris Cuomo was terminated by Zucker last year after it was learned that he had counseled his brother on how to combat sexual harassment allegations made by the then-governor’s former aide. But Zucker and Gollust were also found to have offered advice to the then-governor on messaging during the COVID crisis — a violation of journalistic ethics given their senior positions at the head of a news organization. Zucker has been replaced at the helm of CNN by former Stephen Colbert executive producer Chris Licht. Andrew Cuomo resigned as governor, though indications are he is planning a political comeback.