Monday marked the second anniversary of the announcement of the first known COVID-19 death in New York City. The Big Apple’s first coronavirus victim was an 82-year-old woman with underlying respiratory issues who died March 14, 2020, in Wyckoff Heights Medical Center in Brooklyn. Then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced the death the next day. Mayor Eric Adams on Monday morning released a statement marking the anniversary, pledging to “never forget” those who succumbed to the deadly bug. “Today, we mourn the nearly 40,000 New Yorkers who lost their lives because of COVID-19,” Adams said in a press release. “This pandemic has caused incalculable suffering and pain for our families, friends, and neighbors. “As we work to recover and rebuild New York City, we must remember those that we have lost, and carry on their stories,” the mayor added. “We will never forget their names, their faces, or the ways they have shaped this great city, and we recommit ourselves, in their memories, to remake our city into one that is more just, equitable, and resilient.” To commemorate the grim anniversary, Adams announced the David N. Dinkins Manhattan Municipal Building, Bronx Borough Hall, Brooklyn Borough Hall, Queens Borough Hall and Staten Island Borough Hall would be lit in amber Monday evening. Retiring Assemblyman Dick Gottffried, the chair of the body’s health committee, told The Post that during the two years since the pandemic began New Yorkers have “been reminded of the importance of fully supportive public health, especially local public health efforts and the importance of landing responses early.” “I think the most striking example of that was the implementation of vaccination where we knew early on that sometime in early 2021 we would like to do massive vaccinations, which is what happened, except we really were not prepared,” he said. “The Cuomo Administration, in a series of budgets had cut back on funding for local health departments, the Cuomo administration also did not consult and cooperate with local health departments and I think that seriously impaired our efforts.” In 2021, the Big Apple honored the 30,000 residents who died of coronavirus with a remembrance ceremony that featured faces of the pandemic’s victims projected in light on the Brooklyn Bridge. The virtual memorial, called “A COVID-19 Day of Remembrance,” was held on the first anniversary of the city’s first known coronavirus death. Meanwhile, Monday is Health Commissioner Dave Chokshi’s final day in his job. A walk-out ceremony for the city’s top doctor — who in August 2020 took over for embattled Health Commissioner Dr. Oxiris Barbot — will be held in Long Island City. Additional reporting by Bernadette Hogan