Goalie Alexandar Georgiev got the starting nod Tuesday night against the Ducks at Madison Square Garden, marking just his third start since the Rangers returned from their two-week hiatus at the start of February. In his previous five starts, Georgiev has given up 21 goals on 152 shots for five consecutive losses. His last win was on Jan. 8 in Anaheim, where the Rangers won 4-1. “Earlier on when [starter Igor Shesterkin] got hurt, he played four or five games in a row and played great hockey,” head coach Gerard Gallant said of Georgiev, who had a .893 save percentage at the start of the night. “It’s tough. We all know the backup job is a real tough job. You don’t get enough starts and you’d like to get on a little roll. But it’s the way it is in the NHL. When you’ve got a guy like Shesty that’s played the way he’s played, it’s tough on the backup. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. “You’ve got to get prepared and have a good attitude, go in there and win games. You need two goalies.” Additionally, Gallant went back to the traditional 12 forwards and six defensemen. Winger Ryan Reaves drew back into the lineup after he was sitting out against the Stars on Saturday in Dallas. Defenseman Libor Hajek was scratched. Ducks rookie Trevor Zegras, one of the most exciting new faces in the NHL who is up for the Calder Trophy, told reporters he grew up a Rangers fan in Bedford, N.Y. Going to games at Madison Square Garden as a kid, Zegras recalled watching Derek Stepan score the overtime winner in Game 7 against the Capitals when he was 14 on May 13, 2015. The now 20-year-old played at the Garden for the first time as an NHLer after doing so with Boston University during the 2019-20 season. Entering play Tuesday, the Rangers’ 34.6 power-play percentage since Jan. 15 was the best in the NHL. Over that span, Artemi Panarin’s 16 power-play points were also the most in the league, while the seven power-play goals from Chris Kreider were tied for the NHL lead. Panarin was ranked fourth in the NHL in power-play points with 29. Coming off his third career five-point game on Saturday, Panarin had points in four-straight games and six of his last seven heading into Tuesday night. On Saturday, Panarin reached the 50-assist milestone. The last Ranger to reach the 50-assist mark in fewer contests than Panarin (54) was Wayne Gretzky when he did it in 51 in 1996-97. Following Tuesday night’s tilt with the Ducks, the Rangers will play all but one — on April 19 against the Jets — of their remaining 22 games against teams in the Eastern Conference. The Rangers held a Women’s Empowerment Night on Tuesday in honor of March being Women’s History Month.