CNN host Erin Burnett broke down in tears while interviewing a Ukrainian man who learned about the deaths of his wife and children after seeing a photo of their lifeless bodies online. Serhiy Perebyinis, who learned his loved ones were killed by a Russian mortar after seeing a dramatic photo that appeared in the New York Times, appeared on Burnett’s nightly show “Out Front” on Wednesday. Burnett asked Perebyinis — who was fighting Russian soldiers who invaded his country at the time his wife, son, and daughter were killed — if he buried his loved ones. After he told Burnett that he did bury his family, she told him: “Serhiy, as a parent, any person around the world can’t imagine your unbearable loss, above all losing your children.” Burnett, the mother of three young kids, grew emotional. “Could you tell me about them?” she said, fighting back tears. “We used to see each other with my wife on Google Maps, and that morning I noticed that there was an unusual geolocation between Kyiv and their ping and then, 20 minutes later, her phone moved to another location, to a hospital in Kyiv and I suspected something was wrong,” said Perebyinis. “And I asked friends to come to the hospital and find out whether there were any bad news, and then Twitter, there was news on Twitter … there was mortar shelling and that a family died: two children, their mother and their father.” He added: “And then I saw a photo on Twitter and I recognized my children. I recognized their things and their clothes.” “And I called my friends to say, ‘The children are dead. Their bodies are lying on pavement,’ and I asked them, ‘Please could you help me to find my wife’.” Burnett, visibly crying, asked Perebyinis what he remembers about his kids. “If anyone watching could learn something about Alyssa and the kids, what would you want them to know?” she asked. Perebyinis responded: “They were normal children. My son was older. He was 18 and he was in second year of university. He wanted to become an IT professional. Started programming.” “And my daughter was 9 years old and she liked dancing, painting. She studied English.” “They were normal, cheerful children.” Ukrainian officials have said that at least 103 children have been killed during the Russian invasion, though the actual figure is believed to be much higher.