A New Jersey dad has been charged with murder in the death of his 6-year-old son after he allegedly forced the boy to run on a treadmill because he was “too fat,” according to a report. Christopher Gregor, 29, of Monroe in Middlesex County, had already been charged with child endangerment in April 2021 but was arrested Wednesday on the murder rap, the Asbury Park Press reported. Authorities have not released the name of his son, but an obituary cited by the news outlet identified the boy as Corey Micciolo of Englishtown, who died April 2, 2021, in Stafford Township. At the time, the Ocean County Medical Examiner’s Office determined that Corey died as a result of blunt force trauma. Gregor was charged with endangering the welfare of a child on July 7, 2021, and later released from the Ocean County Jail in Toms River, according to the news outlet. But after additional investigation, he was arrested on the homicide charge and remains locked up, according to a joint statement by Ocean County Prosecutor Bradley Billhimer and Barnegat Police Chief Keith Germain, the paper said. Investigators determined that Gregor had abused his son after they obtained shocking surveillance video from the Atlantic Heights Clubhouse fitness center on March 20, the Asbury Park Press reported. The footage showed Corey running on a treadmill while his father increased its speed, leading the child to keep falling because he couldn’t keep up with the pace, according to an affidavit of probable cause cited by the paper. At one point, Gregor “appears to bite” the struggling boy on his head when he placed him back on the treadmill, the document states. Prosecutors determined that Corey’s death was a homicide after being informed by an expert witness that the child had died of blunt force trauma to the chest and abdomen, according to the paper. Billhimer and Germain said the victim was in Gregor’s custody when he suffered the fatal injuries but did not elaborate. The boy’s mother, Breanna Micciolo, shared custody of Corey with Gregor, the Sun reported. She reported her son’s injuries to the New Jersey Division of Child Protection and Permanency and a caseworker there urged Micciolo to take him to a doctor — where Corey revealed Gregor made him run because he was “too fat,” according to the outlet. He died the next day. In the statement, Bilhimer said: “Today is the first step in bringing the person we believe is responsible for this young boy’s death to justice.” Micciolo wrote in a Facebook page called Justice For Corey that “the day he passed away, I dropped him off at his father’s, perfectly healthy and happy and six hours later he is gone with no explanation.” In the latest post, she added: “After a year of fighting, Christopher Gregor was finally charged with my (son’s) murder! He was arrested this morning.” Gregor’s attorney, Mario Gallucci, said his client denies having anything to do with the death. “It took eight months for the prosecutor’s office to find an expert witness that agreed with their narrative. We’ll have our own experts,” he told the Asbury Park Press.