PALM BEACH, Fla. — The Jets are not sure which side tackle Mekhi Becton will be playing on in 2022, but he is penciled in as one of their two starting tackles. “Yes, we are operating like Mekhi is going to be one of our two tackles,” Jets general manager Joe Douglas said Tuesday at the NFL owners’ meetings. “That’s our expectation that he’s going to come back ready to roll. I know he’s fired up to get back on the field and compete.” Becton injured his knee in the first game of last season and needed surgery that ended his second NFL year. George Fant played well at left tackle in Becton’s place, and Jets coach Robert Saleh said at the Senior Bowl that Becton will have to win back the left tackle job from Fant. Douglas said Becton will have another physical before OTAs in May to determine whether he can practice this spring. The injury caused Becton’s second season to be a disappointment after a promising rookie year. Becton was one of several players from the 2020 draft class who had down years in 2021. Douglas expects bounce-back seasons from Becton, Denzel Mims and others in the class. “My expectations are high,” Douglas said. “Just checking in with their agents and seeing some of the videos they forwarded me, seeing how hard they worked. I’m excited for all those guys, not just Mekhi and Denzel — Jabari [Zuniga], Ashtyn [Davis], Bryce [Hall] — all the guys coming back from the 2020 and 2021 Drafts. “We’re very optimistic on all these guys coming back.” Douglas is entering next month’s NFL Draft with nine picks, four in the top 38, so he can expedite the team’s rebuild with a strong draft class. “There’s pressure every offseason,” Douglas said. “But obviously this year having four picks in the top 38, we do this the right way, it could really be special.” Can’t get enough NFL Draft chatter? Sign up for Post Sports+ to get the latest rumblings about the Giants, Jets and how the draft board is shaping up texted straight to your phone from Post football experts Paul Schwartz, Brian Costello, Ryan Dunleavy and Steve Serby. Douglas added tight ends C.J. Uzomah and Tyler Conklin in free agency in the hopes that they can have a big impact on the Jets offense and in quarterback Zach Wilson’s development. “I think when you have a quality tight end, it’s a great security blanket for a young quarterback,” Douglas said. “It just gives you more options, more options for a young quarterback that can work the middle of the field for us.” The Jets cut kicker Matt Ammendola on Tuesday. The team signed kickers Greg Zuerlein and Eddy Pineiro to one-year deals this week, making Ammendola expendable.