America has never had so many intelligence “experts.” And they’ve never been so wrong. Start with Hunter Biden’s “now authenticated” laptop (actually authenticated in October 2020). The Post asked for comment from the 51 former intel-community bigwigs who signed an October 2020 letter suggesting — with zero proof, as they admitted — that the laptop info was somehow part of a Russian disinformation operation. Most declined to respond. The few who did mostly doubled down. Notably, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told us: “I stand by the statement made AT THE TIME . . . I think sounding such a cautionary note AT THE TIME was appropriate.” Which means our former DNI, who also served as undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence and the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was clearly either dead wrong or flat-out lying. (Note that he dodged a perjury charge for lying to Congress about NSA data collection practices in 2013). Why do major “news” networks like CNN and MSNBC still bring these “experts” on? Why do Politico and The New York Times keep publishing them? Their credibility should be less than zero at this point. Events have proved time and again that they either can’t get basic facts right in their area of expertise — spies and spying — or they’re so insanely partisan that they will fudge, fib and falsify anything if it furthers their political goals. Add in Clapper’s history of hyping hysteria (and that of others among the “foolish 51”) on Russiagate, the Clinton-campaign-run smear claiming Donald Trump colluded with the Kremlin to steal the 2016 election. They got that wrong, too — taken in by Beltway political operatives. This rogue’s gallery has also helped stoke the panic over “disinformation” (i.e., any opinion unpopular with Democrats or real information that embarrasses a Democrat) that  has gained a stranglehold on the minds of so many liberal or lefty commentators, journalists, legislators and Silicon Valley censors. We wonder how that crusade is going to look five years down the road. America’s trust in its media institutions is stuck near historic lows. With people like Clapper providing “expert” analysis, that’s no wonder. Get them off the air and out of print, and let the truth have its say.