A Playboy model claims she was kicked out of an Airbnb rental by a “prejudiced” host who suffers from “hot girl phobia.” Brazilian bombshell Suzy Cortez, 31, reportedly splashed almost $1,000 on an apartment on the rental site in January so that she could visit family in São Paulo. However, she alleged that she had stayed at the property for less than 48 hours before the male host kicked her out and threw her belongings in the trash — all because she was too good-looking. Cortez feels “persecuted” by the ordeal, which she likened to a “horror movie.” She said she will sue Airbnb but has yet to file any paperwork. “This is the biggest prejudice and nightmare I’ve ever lived,” the model told Jam Press. “I am extremely embarrassed and psychologically shaken. A trip to see my parents turned into a horror movie.” The Post has reached out to Airbnb for comment. According to Cortez, the host complained about her clothing – specifically, a pair of workout leggings – before he promptly canceled her booking on the second day. “From the second day I started to receive complaints about my gym clothes, which by the way were leggings,” Cortez claimed. “The host simply said that I would have to leave the apartment because it was inhabited by familiar people and not like me.” The model received an email from Airbnb saying her booking had been canceled as they “could not support” the reservation. Later the same day, the host allegedly came by the rental and began discarding Cortez’s clothes before she could vacate. “I was startled when the host entered the property I was in and took my belongings and threw them in the trash,” she declared. “He only came in because I suffer persecution for being too pretty.” Cortez claimed there could be no other reason why the host ordered her out. She said she did not do damage to the property and that the only thing broken inside the rental was “just the closet door, which was a super old furniture that fell.” After being booted, the Playboy beauty contacted the cops and returned to the apartment alongside the officers to collect her passport. She allegedly found more of her belongings stuffed into garbage bags outside the residence. The beauty also said her Airbnb profile was temporarily removed amid the drama. “Even the police themselves thought it was absurd,” Cortez said. “I am now at total loss and psychologically shaken. Being me the victim of all this, why? Prejudice because I’m famous, or have been on the covers of Playboys all over the world?” Throughout the ordeal, the company was in contact with Cortez. At one point, a representative replied: “Despite the difficult time you went through, we genuinely appreciate what you have shared with us. Considering what happened, we would like to provide you with a full refund.” They also asked if there were threats to Cortez’s safety and said they would cooperate with an investigation the model wanted to undertake. Airbnb also restored Cortez’s profile. Despite threatening to sue the company, she has not yet contacted a lawyer.