A spiteful daughter allegedly torched her Brooklyn apartment Tuesday night amid a fight with her mother — sparking a blaze that left the older woman with serious burns and seven others injured, officials said. Anna Lambert, 34, was arrested on second-degree arson charges for allegedly starting the inferno in the third-floor home she shares with her mom at 3303 Brighton 13th Street in Coney Island, police said. Lambert and the older woman got into a spat around 9 p.m. — prompting the daughter to go into a bedroom, lock the door and pour “an unknown substance on the door,” a police spokesman said. The mother then saw smoke pouring from the room, the spokesman said. It took more than 100 FDNY smoke eaters to put out the flames — and firefighters from Ladder 161 and Ladder 169 used a portable ladder to rescue the “panicked” mom from the third floor, an FDNY spokesman said. She suffered serious but not life-threatening burns, according to fire officials. “One member climbed up and guided her down,” the spokesman said. “There was no other way for her to get out of the apartment.” Five other residents and two firefighters were injured in the blaze at the 25-unit building, including a child, who was seriously hurt. The fire was extinguished by 10:30 p.m. Lambert has one prior arrest for a domestic incident with her mother, a police source said. The FDNY posted about the dramatic rescue on Instagram. “There was heavy smoke and fire coming from the apartment windows,” firefighter Steven McGuire, from Ladder 161, said in the post. “An individual from that apartment was at the window frantically screaming for help.” He and other FDNY members grabbed a 35-foot ladder and climbed up to help the mom. “I was able to climb up the ladder and reassure this individual not to jump, we needed to do this as quickly but safely as possible,” he said. “Once we removed the individual from the window, fire took hold of the entire apartment. It was a team effort and without everyone doing their part the outcome could have been much worse.”