Wildine Aumoithe has achieved a world record — and she is proud of it. The 19-year-old measures just 28 inches tall because of dwarfism and holds the Guinness World Record for the shortest non-mobile woman in the world. She had her record confirmed last October and told South West News Service that she’s “really proud” to be the first Haitian-American to hold the honor. (The world’s shortest living mobile woman is influencer and actress Jyoti Kisanji Amge.) Now the high schooler wants to educate others about her condition and has set up a YouTube channel detailing her passions for fashion and lifestyle. She already adores the fan support and love she receives from them. “I’ve always had a really positive reaction on social media,” she said. “Someone even made a fan page of me.” The Miami resident was diagnosed with a form of dwarfism known as SADDAN dysplasia, which is a “rare disorder of bone growth characterized by skeletal, brain, and skin abnormalities,” according to Medline Plus. When she was born, doctors weren’t sure that she would make it through her first 24 hours. “I’ve been through a lot. I was even sent to a hospice for six months after birth as doctors didn’t think I’d make it. But, finally, I was allowed to come home,” the student said. “I don’t really walk much anymore because my legs are bowed,” she told SWNS. “But I have a power wheelchair which goes up and down which is really an extension of my mobility.” She also noted that her mom — whom she says is “like my best friend” — helps her get dressed and reaches for things that are too high up. One of Aumoithe’s main goals is to break the stigma around dwarfism, and she believes that her social media is helping to crack any misconceptions. “I want people to learn a bit about my dwarfism. Just because I’m short, I’m still a regular person,” she said. “I don’t want to let anything hold me back.” “I just have to find a way to do things, my own way,” Aumoithe continued. She intends to study pharmacology later this year in college, but, for now, she continues to attend high school remotely, from home. Because of her dwarfism, Aumoithe is vulnerable to COVID-19 and opts to study virtually to protect herself. She has been using a custom-made desk over the coronavirus pandemic for her schoolwork. “I do miss my friends, but that’s the only real negative about homeschooling,” she added. “I’m pretty normal in high school and all my friends accept me for who I am.”