The Issue: Kamala Harris’ laughter in response to a question about refugees during a visit to Poland. We are living through a national embarrassment (“Harris, is this funny?” March 11). While Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping play chess, our executive branch is playing checkers. Vice President Kamala Harris went to Poland and the best she could muster is a loud cackle, her trademark response to any serious question. Putin has been waiting for this country to put an incompetent, cowardly idiot in the White House, and we obliged him with President Biden. We now are on the precipice of World War III, thanks to us, the voters of the United States. It will take a generation or more to undo the damage being done by this cadre of idiots, and all because former President Donald Trump has an abrasive personality. Well done, America — or more correctly, half of America. L. SullivanRye Brook Once again, cackling Kamala cannot stifle her untimely urge to giggle when faced with a legitimate question, this time regarding Ukraine. But there is no humor in the maladroit manner in which she and the president have handled this deadly international crisis. Sadly, a carnival barker or court jester would do no worse. Joe SchulokThe Bronx Biden sent Harris to ­Poland and she acted like an incompetent fool. She is an embarrassment and a danger to our country. People are fighting and being killed daily and this fool laughs at the refugee situation. I don’t know who is making the decisions in the Biden administration, but I do know it’s not a mentally incompetent Biden. God forbid it is ever Harris. This woman has shown her complete lack of ability to rise to the occasion. The Ukrainian army and its people are fighting the Russian invaders bravely. They deserve a lot better than the incompetence they receive from Biden and Harris. Send the planes Poland wants to provide. Send them all the weapons they need. Let’s not make the same mistakes made in the 1930s when Adolf Hitler was on the move. Gene LindsayMastic It’s possible that Harris’ penchant for flippant comments, nervous giggles and toothy laughter are reflexive defense mechanisms aimed at providing her with time to think of an answer to a question. That her answers are not always relevant to the question or are jumbled-up word salads might be red flags as to her mental acuity and communication skills. Given the demands and expectations of the office she holds as well as Biden’s age and occasional unsteadiness, it’s no longer simply embarrassing. It’s now disconcerting. Vincent RuggieroScottsdale, Ariz. Does the Biden administration want to really stop this war? First they shot down sending Polish jets to Ukraine, and then they sent Kamala Harris to Poland and Romania. She did nothing when they sent her to Munich. What did they think she would do now? We need to start fighting Putin with strength, not weakness, as that is the only thing he’ll under­stand. Bob RobustelliStamford, Conn. It was so disheartening to watch Harris in Poland. She was given the opportunity to show Poland and the world that the United States is the superpower it once was and will rise to the occasion. But no. She made little sense and of course cackled for the Ukrainian people and all the world to see. The only thing she did was weaken our nation and embolden Putin even more. Louie ScarcellaBrooklyn Every time I hear Harris speak, it reminds me of a fourth grader trying to do a book report in front of the class after she neglected to read the book. Sadly, she is a representative for the United States on the international stage and she has the experience of a neophyte. The world is surely in hysterics at this administrative incompetence. Doc LudemannBridgeport, Conn. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.