A boy from Louisiana wants everyone to know that his former foster dog, Maggie, from the North Shore Animal League America, is very, very special. So special, in fact, that Roman Duncan, 7, wrote a series of letters to Maggie’s “new famuley” [sic] — the one that would eventually adopt the pup Roman and his parents were fostering. In one of the adorable notes obtained by Fox News Digital, Roman wrote, “Maggie is so cute. Maggie loves to play fech [sic] … Maggie is the best dog ever.” Roman concluded, “We love Maggie,” and shared his hopes that a new owner would love her, too. Maggie, a pit bull mix, has been adopted, North Shore Animal League America confirmed to Fox News Digital. “I have seen pictures of Maggie in her big cozy bed and with her new family, and it’s just this immediate sense of peace,” Krystal Duncan, Roman’s mother, told Fox News Digital. “You know you did the right thing when you see them happy.” Seen in a photo provided to Fox News Digital, is a letter written by 7-year-old Roman Duncan about his foster dog, Maggie. (North Shore Animal League America) “Maggie has a huge heart and truly is a special dog,” she added. “Knowing that she is loved and taken care of and hopefully spoiled rotten makes our hearts happy.” North Shore Animal League America said it’s proud of Roman for ensuring that Maggie would find a wonderful, forever home. “Roman exemplifies the lessons of empathy and compassion that are the basis for our School Dog Program,” said Joanne Yohannan, SVP of operations, North Shore Animal League America. “This is also a testament to the commitment we share with our shelter partners to find loving, responsible homes for homeless animals.” Yohannan added that there are many animals in shelters across the U.S. that are in need of loving homes. “People should consult their local rescue organization and consider adopting,” she said. “If someone is not ready to adopt, they can foster and/or volunteer. North Shore Animal League America relies on the support of donors all across the country to continue our lifesaving work.” For more information, visit animalleague.org.