Sam Mendes to direct “Empire of Light” with Olivia Colman and Colin Firth. Great. You’re told everyone involved with it either grabbed an Oscar or got nominated. Great. That’s the stars, director, producer, photography guy, hair and makeup person, editor, sound mixer, costumer. Great. Bill O’Reilly’s coming book is “Killing the Oscars.” He says the idea’s dead and the awards are dead. This film’s set around a 1980’s cinema on England’s south coast. Shoots in Margate and along the coastline. Should be great even if no Oscar nom. Oscars no one cares about what happens the 27th. “Belfast” is up for seven. Then, Belfast — now, Ukraine. Kenneth Branagh: “The necessity to tell the story is to understand the profound change of Belfast in the beginning of the lockdown. It’s really about what, in times of turmoil, can you understand and take comfort from? It starts with a sense of self and your own personal identity. The lockdown and uncertainty we felt helped produce this movie.” Erin go Branagh. After narcissistic demagogue Hitler burned down the Reichstag, which housed the German congress, he began his course of sedition and insurrection. That specific destruction gave Hitler’s Nazi Party the excuse to take power against his deniers. Thus began his course of sedition and insurrection. One day after, Hitler enacted executive orders eliminating all opposition and began the merciless purge of political enemies. The next month he opened Dachau, his first concentration camp. “Mein Kampf” foretold that the Reichstag burning would help frighten and divide the German people. Never2 known as the sharpest tack in DC’s drawer, a doddering old-timer with diminished faculties, Biden’s mismanaged the economy and cannot win another election. Putin is evil but not stupid. If Putin bluffed this invasion of Ukraine to make Biden look ridiculous, it worked . . . AND now defensive armor has made its way to the runway. Military headgear, originally worn by 17th-century soldiers, shot onto the catwalk. Protective breastplates and shields hit Paris fashion week via Balmain. Some is from Aspetto, Abbas Haider’s 007-style first bullet-resistant clothing line, which is communicating with the Department of State to provide real-time protective equipment — armor, plate carriers, ballistic goggles, shields, medical kits. BEING defensive is becoming today’s current position. Cuomo and Christie lunching together at Fresco by Scotto was reported before their dessert. Cuomo’s been organizing meals for himself plus also first sniffing around to see who will come along — like Eric Adams — which was not a heavy lift because this mayor pants for publicity. To redeem his image, Cuomo’s new ad campaign needs him to be seen out and about. Frequenting only friendly restaurants, he’s now known to arrange a warm welcome with some not-so-random well-placed supporters who just happen to be there at the precise time to greet him. Trust Mother, additional sightings might be planned. Last week at the Garden City Hotel Andrew Giuliani pitched for the Republican nom for governor. With him was Curtis Sliwa and daddy Rudy. As expected, Zeldin got the nod. Taking their shot was Westchester County’s Astorino and late-entry millionaire Wilson. The primary’s in June. LOCKED home over the pandemic a newly unemployed couple suddenly found differences in their marriage. They faced divorce. The problem? She worshipped money and he didn’t have a dime. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.