Almost a decade before he created “Hamilton,” Lin-Manuel Miranda had a blink-and-you’ll miss it role on “The Sopranos”. Now the Tony-winner, 42, is speaking out about his experience working alongside the late James Gandolfini on the HBO mob series. “He was never locked up in this trailer,” Miranda said of Gandolfini in Judd Apatow’s new book, “Sicker in the Head: More Conversations About Life and Comedy.” “He [Gandolfini] was just out, and people would talk to him,” Miranda added, noting the actor’s kindness. Miranda secured the role of a bellhop boy in an episode for the sixth season of the show, which was filmed back in 2007. At the time, he was a struggling young actor, looking for leading roles. “I went on lots of voiceover auditions and acting auditions, and the only thing I booked was ‘The Sopranos’ as a bellboy,” Miranda recalled in Apatow’s book. “I’m so green [new to the industry] you can see me look down at my mark. Watch it if you get a chance, because now people are like, ‘Lin-Manuel’s cameo on “The Sopranos”!’ It wasn’t a cameo. I wasn’t even in the union yet.'” Miranda said he was “scared s – – tless” about his tiny role on the show, but Gandolfini helped alleviate his nerves. “My one story about Gandolfini was that he stayed and did his sides even though it was the end of the night. He had no need to do that,” he stated. “He stayed and did the scene for the scared-s – – tless Puerto Rican kid in the bellhop outfit.” Miranda isn’t the only person who has recalled the actor’s generous spirit on set. According to last year’s book “Tinderbox: HBO’s Ruthless Pursuit of New Frontiers,” he gifted each of his castmates $33,000 after an HBO contract negotiation. Following the 51-year-old Emmy-winner’s untimely death in June 2013, co-star Steve Schirripa spoke about the actor’s good deed. “As good of an actor as he was, he was a better guy. A generous guy. The guy gave us $33,000 each — 16 people,” the 64-year-old said in an interview with New York’s WFAN radio station back in 2013. “In Season 4 he called every one of the regular cast members and gave us a check. He said, ‘Thanks for sticking by me.’ It’s like buying 16 people a car.”