A gunman randomly killed at least five people when he opened fire on a busy street in Israel on Tuesday before he was taken out by cops, reports said. The suspected terrorist shooting in Bnei Brak, an ultra-orthodox suburb of Tel Aviv, comes after two other attacks by Arab citizens that have sparked fear of ongoing violence ahead of the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Saturday. The shooter, identified by Israeli media as a 27-year-old Palestinian man from the occupied West Bank, was fatally shot by cops after he randomly fired at people on balconies and passing on the street, according to witnesses. Amateur video from inside a building shows a shooter on the street below dressed in black, armed with an assault rifle. The gunman is seen firing a shot, while moments later a bicyclist furiously pedals away to a side street. The shooter then walks into the middle of the street and appears to take aim at a passing SUV, the video shows. The gunman was identified by the Jerusalem Post as Dia Hamarsha from Ya’bad, He was allegedly convicted in 2015 on arms dealing charges related to his affiliation with a terrorist group, the Post said. After responding officers shot the suspect dead, they arrested two other men for suspected ties to the shooting, according to the newspaper. Although the latest incident has not yet been connected to other incidents, it comes on the heels of two recent attacks by Arab citizens that authorities believe were inspired by ISIS. Last week, four people were killed in a vehicle ramming and stabbing attack in Beersheba. On Sunday, two gunmen fatally shot two cops in Hadera. Earlier Tuesday, Israeli security services arrested two people with suspected ISIS ties and raided the homes of at least 12 other Arab citizens, the Associated Press stated. The latest shooting prompted Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett to call an emergency meeting of top security officials for Tuesday. The recent violence comes as Israel hosts a meeting with foreign ministers from the US and Arab nations Bahrain, Egypt, Morocco, and the United Arab Emirates. With Post wires