A South Florida triplex penthouse that sold at auction in February for $20.55 million is being flipped for $33.91 million.That asking price is steep. But whoever buys the Sunny Isles spread will make a splash, as the palatial penthouse comes with its own pool. Still, the new asking price is far less than the unit’s 2017 ask of $39 million. Back then, the seller was also throwing in a $500,000 pink diamond, according to reports.The six-bedroom penthouse is at the Regalia, 19575 Collins Ave., where soccer star Lionel Messi bought the ninth floor for $7.3 million last year. The 9,193-square-foot residence is filled with over-the top-showstoppers such as a $100,000 bar made from a single slab of amethyst stone and a sleek circular glass elevator that has access to the roof. That’s if you choose to get out of bed, as the 1,500-square-foot master bedroom is bigger than most New York City apartments. It includes a spa-like marble bathroom with onyx, mixes of leather and lacquer, brushed limestone and wood. If you want to go to the gym, there’s a private one in the apartment with a yoga studio, sauna and steam room. And if you want to read, there’s a library. Next up, you can chill or entertain in a great room with floor-to-ceiling glass windows 20 feet high. Entertaining is easy thanks to a 500-bottle wine cellar, a movie theater and an additional game room. Outdoor touches include 1,562 square feet of wraparound terraces holding a summer kitchen, retractable roof, sky bar with lounge seating and pool cabana — along with the pool. On a clear day, you can see as far as the Bahamas, according to Mansion Global. If you ever feel the need to leave your pricey bubble and mingle with the neighbors, building amenities include a concierge, a spa, a beach, an oceanfront infinity pool, a private wine vault, a business center and a children’s playroom. The penthouse is listed with Pordes Residential’s Mark Pordes and Adam Kaufman, who are both the brokers and investors in the property.