New York City Uber drivers on Tuesday caravanned across the Brooklyn Bridge, up to the company’s headquarters on Manhattan’s West Side and back down to the World Trade Center to demand relief from soaring gas prices. The national average for a gallon of gas was $4.24 on Tuesday — a nearly 50% spike compared to a year ago, and 17% higher than last month, according to AAA. “Before I used to fill up my tank for $50. Now it’s $70,” said protesting hack Wasim Miya. “It’s very hard for drivers. It’s not even worth it to work more because you are using more gas.” Protesting for-hire drivers told The Post they have given up on help from the city, and hope Uber itself will step up and provide them relief. They want the company to charge New York customers a “fuel surcharge” and to lower the commission the company collects from trips. Drivers said Uber and its competitor Lyft have done little to offset increased gas prices, which they said are eating into their bottom line. “In a usual day when you book $200, you take $100, today you[‘re] taking $50 or $60 because all the money is going into buying gas,” said Jahon Gir, 40. Gir and others said the city could do more, but has so far sat on its hands. “We think the city don’t regulate Uber the way it is supposed to. Uber is taking too much money from us. They are charging the passengers crazy money but it doesn’t come down to us,” said driver Joziel Andujar, 37. “The mayor and the City Council can do more. They are just playing around with the issue. This is no joke for us. It’s hitting us hard in the pockets.” The caravan drove over the Brooklyn Bridge, to West 28th Street and back to Lower Manhattan with signs bearing slogans like “Need Money 4 Gas!” and “App Workers Deserve a Living Wage.” “I have a wife and six kids. Inflation is so high. I’m feeling the squeeze,” said Pedro Acosta, 54. “Our money is going nowhere because of the gas prices. We need some increase.” The city Taxi and Limousine Commission said in a statement that it is exploring options to help drivers. “TLC is always interested in ways to support drivers, especially in this current challenging environment,” said TLC Acting Commissioner Ryan Wanttaja. “We are reviewing calls for a fuel surcharge and we look forward to having conversations with drivers and industry stakeholders.”