Rebel Wilson just listed her serene Sydney, Australia home with a rough $6.7 million plus asking price. The comedic actress shared the news to her fans in an Instagram post. “There’s something special about this house, its location, its vibe and I am sad to see it go after a meticulous renovation,” Wilson, 42, wrote. “I just won’t be using it for the next few years because [I] will be working overseas and would prefer someone else gets to appreciate it.” “My favourite thing is probably the elevator I put in that gives you views as you go up and down,” she added. “It’s great for a boat owner with its own jetty and moorings. Or you can just watch all the boats go by every day – especially at sunset, it’s gorgeous. And all the neighbours know what a brilliant street and suburb it is to live in in Sydney.” Located on the Sydney Harbour in Birchgrove, the property features three bedrooms and three bathrooms and spans over 2,100 square feet. The three-story home is newly built and designed by award-winning architect Paul O’Connor, according to the listing. In addition to the luxury elevator, other features include 180-degree harbor views from every level and comes complete with an infinity edge ozone pool, waterfront entertainer’s haven, jetty, pontoon and mooring, the listing notes. The top floor suite features a terrace with Harbour Bridge views. The second bedroom comes with triple Juliet balconies overlooking the harbor. The “Pitch Perfect” actress is starring in the upcoming film “Senior Year,” about a late-thirties aged woman who wakes up from a twenty-year-coma and returns to the high school where she was once a popular cheerleader. Peter Gordon and Ralph Daher with Cobden Hayson hold the listing. Meanwhile, Wilson currently owns a five-bedroom, five-bathroom estate in Los Angeles she purchased back in 2016 for only $3 million. Wilson has been documenting her health journey over the past two years, telling fans that she was “determined” to make a change to her lifestyle. “I was determined in 2020 — the year of health — to actually fully change my whole entire lifestyle,” she explained in the video. “So it meant not only, like, physically but mentally as well.” “I’m in a lucky position … I do have access to really amazing personal trainers but I want you guys to know that the majority of the exercise that I’ve done this year has just been me going out for a walk,” she said. “That is free, you can do it, it’s safe.”