Natalie Buffett, the girlfriend of Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott, is living her best life in The Bahamas. The model and social media influencer jetted off to the Caribbean this week, according to Instagram posts with her friend, Courtney Vucekovich, who shared a photo of the pair on a private plane wearing matching Fendi hats. Buffett and Vucekovich lounged in the sun on Wednesday before they enjoyed dinner at Italian hotspot Tonino’s Osteria. It’s unclear if Prescott is enjoying some R&R by the beach with Buffett, however, as he was not pictured in any social media posts. It’s possible the Cowboys quarterback, 28, sat this one out after undergoing left shoulder surgery last week. Head coach Mike McCarthy made the announcement at the NFL Combine in Indianapolis this week, according to ESPN, calling the procedure a “clean up.” Further, the surgery will not impact Prescott’s availability for the team’s offseason program. The injury in Prescott’s non-throwing shoulder was an “irritant” to the quarterback throughout the season, McCarthy explained. He also noted that he didn’t believe the injury affected Prescott’s play last season, and how the quarterback has been working out post-surgery at The Star with teammates. Prescott returned this past season after having two surgeries on the compound fracture and dislocation of his right ankle, which caused him to miss the final 11 games of the 2020 season, and the right latissimus strain he suffered during training camp. Prescott and Buffett last stepped out together at the NFL Honors in February. The couple posed on the red carpet in black ensembles, with Buffett calling Prescott “the best date” in a post on Instagram. “I love my date ♥️,” the quarterback wrote in the comments. Prescott was up for the Associated Press Comeback Player of the Year award at this year’s NFL Honors, but was beaten by Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow. Prescott and Buffett have been dating since at least July 2020, according to her Instagram account. They’re fairly private about their romance on social media. Prescott finished the season throwing for 4,449 yards and a career-high 37 touchdowns. He led the Cowboys to a 12-5 record and the franchise’s first NFC East title since 2018.