After three years of no-host monologues at the Academy Awards, the time has come back for funny jokes and awkward audience laughs. Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes joined forces to host the 2022 Oscars on Sunday, March 27. The trio was announced as the ringleaders of the show last month, making history as the first time three women hosted the prestigious Hollywood soiree. Introduced by DJ Khaled, the trio of funny women spoke to the star-studded audience at Los Angeles’ Dolby Theatre and they sure had a lot to say. “This year the Academy hired three women to host because it’s cheaper than hiring one man,” Schumer, 40, said. “I’m representing unbearable white women who call the cops when you get too loud.” “A lot of snubs this year,” Sykes, 58, said of nominations, name-dropping Jared Leto and Lady Gaga. “The House of Random Accents,” she said. After calling the Oscars a place “where movie lovers unite and watch TV,” Sykes said she “watched ‘The Power of Dog’ three times,” but is still only “halfway through it.” Hall, 51, poked fun at “Space Jam 2” and the “hairline they gave LeBron James.” “Black Twitter is gonna love that one,” Sykes said, to which Schumer asked, “What’s that?” The hosts poked fun at Samuel L. Jackson’s lack of work in a romantic comedy and the controversial Golden Globes. “You know what’s in the in-memoriam package this year? The Golden Globes,” Schumer joked. Schumer was the first to take the stage on her own, joking she’s the second choice candidate as “Melissa McCarthy was not available” and took jabs at Leonardo DiCaprio. “He’s working to leave a greener planet for his girlfriends,” noting they’re all younger than him. The “Inside Amy Schumer” star also took a swipe at “Being the Ricardos.” “The innovation to make a movie about Lucille Ball without even a moment that’s funny,” Schumer said. “Not your fault, Nicole [Kidman] — you’re great.” Follow the 2022 Oscars with our up-to-the-minute coverage:  Before they signed off — and Schumer took the mic on her own — Sykes took a swipe at Florida’s controversial “Don’t Say Gay” bill. “We’re going to have a great night tonight, and for you people in Florida, we’re going to have a gay night,” Sykes said, with her co-hosts chiming in, “Gay! Gay! Gay!” Hall was next up to share the solo stage, calling up actors including Bradley Cooper and Timothée Chalamet during a joke about COVID-19 testing. “I got to do a COVID pat-down,” she joked.