CNN came to the aid of its cable rival Fox News and helped track down the remains of two of the network’s journalists who were shot and killed while covering the Russian invasion of Ukraine, according to a report. Clarissa Ward, CNN’s chief international correspondent who has been reporting on the ground in Ukraine since Russian forces invaded the country more than a month ago, helped Trey Yingst of Fox News locate the bodies of cameraman Pierre Zakrzewski and fixer Oleksandra “Sasha” Kuvshynova. Ward and Yingst made frantic phone calls to Ukrainian officials from a Kyiv hotel room seeking information about the whereabouts of Zakrzewski and Kuvshynova, the Wall Street Journal reported. The two wartime correspondents called local morgues and hospitals in hopes of getting confirmation as to the condition and whereabouts of the Fox News employees. Ward and Yingst also provided Ukrainian military and government officials with information about the missing journalists, the Journal reported. Security personnel from Sky News and NBC also offered assistance to Fox News, according to the report. Zakrzewski and Kuvshynova were killed in the same March 14 attack outside Kyiv that injured one of the network’s top correspondents, Benjamin Hall. Zakrzewski, 55, and Kuvshynova, 24, were with Hall when their vehicle came under fire in Horenka, a northwest suburb of Kyiv, Fox News CEO Suzanne Scott said in a statement. Hall — who was “extremely close” to Zakrzewski, according to a colleague — was hurt in the attack and hospitalized. He sustained severe leg injuries caused by shrapnel. Last week, Fox News announced that Hall was airlifted stateside and had undergone several surgeries at a military hospital in Texas. “Yesterday Ben was transferred from Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany to Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC), located at Joint Base San Antonio-Fort Sam Houston, Texas,” Scott told staffers in an internal memo on Friday. “BAMC is a premier military medical facility and Ben is receiving excellent care while he continues to recover from his serious injuries after multiple surgeries.” In total, five journalists — two Ukrainians and three foreigners — have died while covering the Russian invasion of Ukraine, according to the international NGO Reporters Without Borders. Brent Renaud, a 51-year-old American documentary filmmaker who had worked with the New York Times on several occasions in the past, was fatally shot in the neck while driving his car in Irpin, a town northwest of Kyiv, on March 13. Juan Arredondo, a dual American-Colombian national who was with Renaud in the car, was wounded in the attack. Evgeny Sakun, a Ukrainian cameraman working for the local Kyiv Live TV channel, was the first journalist to have died covering the war. He was killed when Russian missiles hit a Kyiv television tower on March 1. 