Let’s get fired up! Welcome to Aries season — the official kick off to Spring! As the Sun becomes ignited in the blazing terrain of Aries — symbolized by the mighty ram — beginning March 20 and ending April 19 this year, prepare to feel supercharged to take the lead and embark into new territory. As the pioneer of the zodiac, Aries empowers us to pursue our desires and feel inspired by life. We can begin new journeys now as we harness the courageous, bold and passionate energy of this zodiac sign. Ruled by Mars, we hunger for adventure, power and conquest. Take a deep dive into global trends and predictions for what’s hot—and what’s not in fashion, music, fitness, hair, finance (Cryptocurrency & NFTs!) and beauty for Aries season 2022! Do not miss it! Be sure to follow me, all my favs and everything in pop culture astrology to stay in the know! Follow celebrity stylist, Jana Rae. WHAT’S IN for Women’s & Men’s Fashion: We mark the arrival of Spring with the excitement of Paris Fashion week showcasing ready-to-wear 2022 collections and also with Aries season as the official start of the zodiac year! We saw bold colors, super structure and confident expression in Paris earlier this month for both women and men. The runways of Paris bring the roaring stampede of Aries Season with Lanvin, Stella McCartney and Valentino — who brought an all over, takeover of-pink power! Follow celebrity music producer, Craig J Snider. WHAT’S IN: Our Aries “pick of the month” is from groundbreaking Lil Nas X in his honest ode: “That’s What I Want.” Crushing barriers, he sings: “Need a boy who can cuddle with me all night, Keep me warm, love me long, be my sunlight.” Yet, the song’s appeal showcases a universal longing for deep human connection: “I want someone who loves me, I need someone who needs me.” Lil Nas X also happens to be an Aries and this song exemplifies this zodiac sign’s adventurous longing for passion, love and true relationships — even if they may inevitably dive into them before thinking twice! From the opening signature guitar to the closing refrain — “So I want someone to love, that’s what I f – – king want!” — there’s no missing this bold Aries energy. Follow celebrity fitness trainer, Don Saladino. WHAT’S IN: Here’s your Aries season fitness tip: the Lateral Bound. This is an explosive movement to work your thighs, quads and glutes. A great athletic movement to feel the burn and put your energy to good work. Enjoy! Don has previously spoken with The New York Post in regard to being a superhero trainer for mega stars such as Hugh Jackman and Blake Lively. Special discount code for The Post’s readers: NYP APRIL for 20% off all his programs here. Also, happy birthday season Don! Follow celebrity hairstylist, Brandon Liberati. WHAT’S IN: Aries is the first sign of the zodiac so don’t be the last to know what the hottest women’s hair trends are this Aries season! Charge into spring with this hybrid pixie-mullet hairstyle called the “Mixie”—this brave haircut is very Aries! Dare to be BOLD like this sign and don’t follow in the footsteps of others. Try one of the hottest fringe trends this Ram season, “Micro Bangs” also called “Baby Bangs.” They actually work with every hair type! Wear them straight, curly, heavy or wispy: just make sure they’re cut above the brows. CONFIDENCE is one of this sign’s traits and no other haircut shows this more than the always on-trend bob. You can turn up the heat by coloring any of these hairstyles the color that represents this dynamic sign — red! Follow celebrity hairstyle, Kristan Serafino. WHAT’S IN: [Image #1] Maluma epitomizes the fire within Aries season! Mixing up your hair gives you the option to create a subtle change or a bold daring style. Serafino Says Pro Tip: When bleaching hair, be certain to use moisturizing shampoos and conditioners to keep hair looking healthy! [Image #2] A warrior in his craft, Richard Gere is the ultimate silver fox! Embrace your grey hair! It’s a sign of the wisdom that you have earned. Serafino Says Pro Tip: To bring out the shine in grey hair, use a paste or pomade with a high shine finish. [Image #3] Masculinity at its finest! With the confidence of an Aries, it is only fitting that Idris Elba embraces the natural colors of his beard! Serafino Says Pro Tip: Use a beard brush to keep your beard looking sharp while keeping those stragglers in place. Follow entertainment and Hollywood make-up artist, Lizzy Polanco. WHAT’S IN: Step into Aries season by embodying this fiery sign with a bold, confident look. Make a statement with graphic liner, a red lip or a pop of jewel tone shadows to dive into this adventurous sign. Follow cryptocurrency investor, Amanda Maxwell. WHAT’S IN: As Aries season is upon us, new beginnings and change seem to be imminent. You are probably finding it hard to not hear about NFTs everywhere you go. Bored Ape Yacht club just bought CryptoPunks, Mark Zuckerberg finally confirmed that NFTs are coming to Instagram, and even American Express has filed for certain trademarks that hint they are funding multiple crypto spaces including NFTs. Crypto and the metaverse come with a lot of opportunity, however with this great chance also comes a lot of risk — specifically, scams. NFT and cryptocurrency scams are all over the place, so it’s very important to do your own due diligence and research for every project before deciding to be involved. Some great outlets for new NFT projects that can help you identify legitimacy and start you off on the right track are NFTnow and NFTevening. It’s a pretty special time to jump in and explore the pieces that grab your attention. Collecting NFTs is supposed to be like collecting art; it’s what speaks to your nature, so roll with the change of Aries season, think bold, be confident and invest in what you believe in this month. Special Tip: Look into music NFTs as they have had some of the quickest returns currently! This can be a great piece to collect long term or flip for a quick trade. Disclaimer: I am not a Financial Advisor. This is not financial advice. Please do your own research before investing. Enjoy the passion of Aries season! You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.