A Vermont man who admitted to paying a Venezuelan woman to kidnap “a slave” and film a sick video of the victim being tortured and suffocated to death was sentenced to 27 years in prison. Sean Fiore, 38, of Burlington, was sentenced Wednesday after pleading guilty in October to charges of conspiracy to kidnap and kill a person overseas, murder-for-hire and child pornography in his depraved scheme to get a snuff film and footage of a child being brutally abused, according to the US Attorney’s Office for the District of Vermont. “The defendant paid for and scripted unspeakably vile and horrific videos of a child being tormented, and an adult sadistically abused,” Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Polite said. Court documents show Fiore, a former nurse, paid $600 in Amazon gift cards to Moraima Escarlet Vasquez Flores, of Venezuela, to produce a video showing a young child being abused in Septmeber 2018 after communicating with her on WhatsApp. Fiore then agreed in December 2018 to pay $4,000 for a second video showing a “slave” being kidnapped and abused. He gave the woman a 600-word detailed script of his sinister wishes, including that the victim be burned with cigarettes, urinated and defecated on and ultimately smothered, prosecutors said. “Fiore then received a 58-minute video, in which, at the end, the adult male victim appeared to be dead,” prosecutors said in a statement. Fiore, who was arrested in May 2019, also had videos and images showing the sexual abuse of prepubescent minors. Investigators found more than 700 images and videos on an external hard drive he owned, WCAX reported. Fiore apologized for his actions in court Wednesday, including to his victims and his former wife. He said he now wants to seek treatment and admitted his actions were shocking, according to the station. A judge ordered Fiore to serve 85 percent of his sentence. He must register as a sex offender upon release and is barred from contacting minors. Vasquez Flores, the woman accused of sending Fiore the revolting footage, was arrested in Colombia in September 2020. She’s awaiting extradition to the US to face charges including conspiracy to murder and kidnap a person in a foreign country and conspiracy to produce child pornography.