At least four people, including a 14-year-old boy, were hurt in shootings across the Big Apple late Sunday, cops said. The teen was blasted in the right leg on the grounds of Harlem’s General Ulysses S. Grant Houses on West 125th Street near Convent Avenue around 9:15 p.m., authorities said. He was taken to Harlem Hospital in stable condition, and also arrested for possession of an imitation pistol, police said. The exact circumstances around the shooting were unclear. About an hour later, a 36-year-old man was shot in the neck, stomach and right leg inside a building on Wortman Avenue near Schenck Avenue in East New York, part of NYCHA’s Linden Houses. He was taken to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center in stable condition, cops said. The victim has a long rap sheet and is affiliated with a gang, police sources said. The circumstances around the shooting were also unknown. Around the same time, a 37-year-old man was shot in the right leg as he sat in a car on Pratt Avenue near Garrett Place in the Eastchester section of the Bronx, cops said. The victim, who reported hearing shots and feeling pain, was taken to Montefiore Medical Center in stable condition. In an unrelated shooting, also in the Eastchester neighborhood, another 37-year-old man was shot once in the left shoulder by a man who tried to rob him at Edson Avenue and Boston Road around 9:10 p.m., cops said. The victim had just left his job at a car dealership a few blocks away when the gunman, wearing a ski mask, approached, displayed a gun and demanded his property, cops and police sources said. The victim resisted, sparking a “physical altercation,” cops said. That’s when the suspect opened fire and then fled empty-handed, police said. The victim was taken to Jacobi Medical Center in stable condition. Both Bronx shootings took place in the confines of the 47th Precinct, and the Brooklyn shooting location is covered by the 75th Precinct — both areas that are targeted by the first wave of the NYPD’s new anti-gun units hitting the streets Monday. The scene where the 14-year-old was shot was in the confines of the 26th Precinct — which is not covered by the first round of new patrols.