No one feels the pain at the pump more than Manuel Braga. The hotel worker drives 151 miles every day from the Poconos to the city and back in his Toyota RAV4, a craptastic commute that now costs a crushing $1,068 a month. Every three or four days he has to fill up his 14-gallon tank — shelling out $62.14, almost double the $32 he used to pay a year ago. The married father of four lays out another $19 in tolls and $16 to park per trip. Skyrocketing gas prices are crippling, lamented the 41-year-old from East Stroudsburg, PA. “This gas situation is really messing up the way of life. We’re trying not to use the vehicle as much as we used to — just for needs, not pleasure.” Braga got a bit of a lucky break Thursday, when The Post accompanied him to a Sunoco in his hometown and he started pumping gas at $4.39 a gallon — just minutes before the station upped the cost a whopping .49 cents, to $4.88 a gallon. In Manhattan, gas is already averaging $4.81, according to the American Auto Association. The 93-minute one-way trip through city streets and long stretches of rural highways is exhausting for Braga, who struggles with a back injury from a 2014 car crash. Some nights, it takes him 30 minutes just to get out of the car and regain the strength in his legs. To stay awake at the wheel, he keeps a party going in his car, blasting hip hop and house artists like Mr. Vegas and French DJ David Guetta. Other times, he phones his friends who drive for Uber. “I’ll call somebody – anyone who’s a real chatterbox — and just keep the conversation going until I get home,” he said. Braga used to take a bus into the city, but working temp jobs and mostly night shifts these days means public transit isn’t an option. “I wish I could find someone to split the drive and bills with, but nothing is lining up right,” he said. Braga, a longtime houseman, worked at the historic Roosevelt Hotel in Midtown until it shut its doors for good in December 2020. He was out of work for a year and now his union finds him temporary gigs making $36 an hour at other Manhattan hotels, including the Carlyle, Baccarat and Millennium. “I tried getting a job closer to home at the Mount Airy Casino Resort, and they offered me $14 an hour,” he said. “Are you kidding me? How do people survive with that salary? “I may have to start working at the Amazon warehouse, but I really don’t want to.”