Ricky Seals-Jones says he is eager to compete for the Giants’ No. 1 tight end job. Judging from his NFL resume, this is a far-fetched goal. Judging from the state of the position on the roster, it is his job for the taking. “Absolutely, I feel like in some places I’ve always been the [number] two or three guy,’’ Seals-Jones said Friday. “I feel like for me just to have the opportunity to come in and fight for the one spot is good.’’ The “one spot’’ has never been a part of Seals-Jones’ NFL experience. The Giants are his fifth team in six years. A wide receiver at Texas A&M, he was not drafted and spent his first two NFL seasons with the Cardinals. Then it was one year apiece with the Browns, Chiefs and Washington. His best season: 34 catches for the Cardinals in 2018.  Last year, he had 30 receptions for 271 yards and two touchdowns, including one in Week 2 when he leaped over cornerback Adoree’ Jackson in the end zone for a 19-yard score to help beat the Giants, 30-29. With a one-year contract with the Giants, there is not much in the way of security for Seals-Jones. At 27, he would like to end his nomadic NFL life and put down roots. “Yeah, I’m very anxious,” Seals-Jones said. “I’ve got to do [what I do] every year, I come in and try to make plays and secure a long-term thing. So, I’m just here to try to do that here. Come in, make some plays, and help the team win and do my thing.’’ With 90 catches for 1,044 yards and 10 touchdowns in his NFL career, Seals-Jones is the only tight end on the roster with any sort of pedigree. Last season, the Giants got this production from the position: 78 receptions for 715 yards and five touchdowns between four players. Three of them (Evan Engram, Kyle Rudolph, and Kaden Smith) are gone.  Engram, the Giants’ 2017 first-round pick, signed with the Jaguars. Rudolph and Smith were released. The only tight end that remains, Chris Myarick, accounted for three receptions for 17 yards and one touchdown. So, Seals-Jones does not have much competition on the current roster. The Giants figure to take a tight end somewhere in next month’s NFL Draft, most likely on the third day. Seals-Jones said his brief conversations with the new Giants coaching staff were revealing. “Just fell in love with what they’ve got going on here and I wanted to be a part of it,” he said. He believes coming to the New York area is a big plus for him. He previously visited the city “a couple of times” and came away impressed. “I like the fashion sense about New York, just how upbeat [it is], the subway – we don’t have that in Texas,’’ he said. “Just to be able to do something different and it’s something that I like. So, for me to be here and get to see New York a little bit more and spend more time here, it’ll be good.”