The magic of shapewear is undeniable. It tucks and smooths in all the right places and sucks you in just right. But let’s face it — not all shapewear is created equal. That’s because different styles of shapewear were made for various fashion choices. Let’s put it into perspective: If you’re about to go out on the town in a low-back dress, you’re not going to want to reach for a high-waisted bodysuit. Thankfully, we at Post Wanted Shopping understand your many style needs. Below, you’ll discover the 30 best shapewear pieces to shop in 2022 ranging from underwear and tanks to backless bodysuits and more. You’ll also recognize some of your favorite brands such as Spanx, Skims, Maidenfrom, and Commando. Choose an option below to shop this article by category: Get fancy with this SPANX low-back bodysuit. It’s completely versatile with it’s removable back clasp, features a plunging U-neckline and includes an Easy Access Gusset for when you need to go. This Skims bodysuit will become an everyday staple. It holds in your core, shapes you just right and gives your booty that extra bit of lift. Best of all, it enhances your natural body shape. You’ve seen them on Instagram, and now you’re seeing them here. Honeylove’s SuperPower Short features targeted compression and panels to give you the shaping where you want it and the comfort where you need it. Being honest, we wouldn’t call shapewear “comfortable,” per say, though Spanx does a pretty good job. Their OnCore short creates a sleek shape with less bulk, meaning it’s more comfortable than your average choice. You can enjoy tummy and side panels and booty enhancing pockets that fight the dreaded uni-butt. We love the TC Fine Intimates Bodybriefer because it provides extra-firm control, detachable straps and a lined gusset. Your back, midriff, tummy, waist and hip will also be smoothed and enhanced. Made in the USA, this Commando shapewear slip features microfiber on the outside and comfortable cotton on the inside. The compression is light to moderate and the slip provides a formfitting look. We can not hype this Free Reign Everyday Tank up enough. First of all, it includes a built in shelf, which mean you can say goodbye to annoying bra strap appearances. Best of all, it effortlessly smooths and fits just right. Target your tummy and back with this Maidenform shaping tank. It will become your go-to base with its soft fabric, wide straps and scoop neckline. As Soma Intimates says, “Getting in shape was never easier.” With a high-rise design, you can say sayonara to muffin tops. The brand’s Vanishing Edge technology also provides stay-put silicone to keep your undies in place. With light to moderate compression, Commando strives to make women feel “smoothed, not stuffed,” according to the brand. Best of all, real women tested out these briefs and fell in love. So go ahead an enjoy breathable, smoothing and seamless shapewear. Sometimes a high-waisted option is just what you need. Thankfully, Maidenform knows that and created their Hi-Waist Brief. It gives a soft, flexible fit and targets the stomach. Another internet favorite (and one of ours too) is the the Sheertex smoothing tights. The tights feature a Tummy Smoothing panel that’s undetectable under clothes. Plus, they’re resilient and won’t rip and tear. They’re semi sheer. They’re supportive. They’re perfect. Get to know why these Skims Full Control Tights have fans saying, “They’re the best hosiery you could ever own!” After all, these tights feature a built-in control top and mid thigh support. We recommend stocking up on these babies, because we guarantee you’ll be reaching for them each time you wear a skirt. They’re oh-so-soft, are smoothing and never run. Picture your favorite thong. Now add in a hidden shaping waistband that offers the perfect amount of control. That’s what these Spanx shaping thong panties are all about, and we can’t get enough. Pairs with: Sculpting Bralette, $32 Get ready for ultimate compression. This Skims Core Control thong intentionally runs small to suck you in, so the brand recommends sizing up if you rather everyday comfort. Nonetheless, they are silky, invisible and beyond supportive. Never compromise your fashion inspiration. Instead, opt for a plunging bodysuit. This Va Bien option features firm tummy control, ultra-life underwire cups, fully adjustable straps and allows you to step into it like a bathing suit. Did someone say a plunging neckline and a plunging low-back? Yes, and that someone was us. This Spanx Suit Your Fancy Bodysuit is ideal for low necks, drop-backs, short hems and high slits. Let’s get lifted! The Cami Bodysuit gently smoothes and can even be tucked into a pair of jeans for a special look. Oh, and did we mention that you can leave your bra, at home thanks to the built-in bust support? Because we count that as a win! This tank is bra-friendly due to it’s wide straps, gives you that desired hourglass shape and is made with breathable cotton. You can expect medium compression. Lift that booty with this backside enhancer. One happy reviewer claims to “love it” and says it’s comfortable, not tight around the leg and doesn’t roll down. She’ll even be ordering more, and so will we. A hidden booty booster? Sign us up! This mid-thigh Spanx option even includes double-layer fabric that shapes and conceals cellulite. So go ahead and ditch the squats. It’ll be our little secret. Made from 90 percent nylon and 10 percent spandex, you’ll fall in love. The brand’s non-slip technology will also help them stay put while you conquer all of your fashion moments. Pairs with: The Contour Bra, $102 Smooth, sculpt and support with this high waisted Heist option. We love that they’re breathable and target the stomach and waist while helping your posture. If you’re a bride or someone who just enjoys the pretty things in life, this one is for you. Features include removable straps, padded cups, underwire support and, of course, and open back. Wearing a fancy gown to your best friends wedding or perhaps prom? If that’s the case, you may have some gorgeous cut outs that call for a special backless bodysuit. Thankfully, this one from Amazon should do the trick. Sometimes less is more, and that’s definitely the case with this Fashion Forms bodysuit. It’s virtually completely backless aside from a thin strap. Best of all, the silicone adhesive cups can be used again. Mommas, we didn’t forget about you. This Belly Bandit maternity bodysuit features adjustable straps, a ribbed back panel, covers the entire belly to mid thighs and even includes easy-access for when you have to go to the restroom. Pair with: Maternity Nursing Sculpting Bra, $42 This pair of maternity tights is just another reason to love Skims. They’re high-rise, non-compressive and allows for your growing baby bump. Don’t just shape and support, but also protect your thighs from uncomfortable chafing. Best of all, this Kindred Bravely pick is made of bamboo fabric and is ultra-soft, lightweight and breathable. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.