It seems that the United States is in need of another American Revolution — this time to learn the basics of British culture. A new survey by the Harris Poll and tourism program GREAT Calling has found a majority of Americans are ignorant to some of the most obvious, world-renowned hallmarks that hail from the United Kingdom. It found that a near quarter of the US first learned of England’s top-tier, historic soccer Premier League from the Apple TV comedy “Ted Lasso,” which stars Jason Sudeikis as a former American football coach managing the fictional AFC Richmond squad across the pond. Another hot button misnomer is that, apparently, only 29% of Americans have recognized heartthrob singer and actor Harry Styles’ British roots, while only 42% have done the same for the late and great David Bowie. It also noted that only 10% of the US was aware artist Dua Lipa was “born and bred in the UK.” But most of all, it seems that the Brits take exception to our belief that their food is all rubbish. “British food has unfairly suffered a lack of love across the world, so it is perhaps unsurprising that only two in 10 Americans (21%) believe that London and New York have the same number of 3-Michelin-starred restaurants,” according to the data. In efforts to bridge the apparent cultural gap, GREAT Calling is bringing a series of British-inspired events to the Big Apple this month, ones that touch on football, food and music. That’s in addition to the nation’s iconic red phone booths popping up around NYC, where New Yorkers can “answer the call” and win tickets to the celebration of the UK. Some of the spirited pop-ups will include a live cook-along with Nadiya Hussain of “The Great British Baking Show” on March 3, “the world’s first AI banquet” with artificial intelligence science leader Dr. Shama Rahman on March 9 and a live “matchday experience” between Manchester United and London’s Tottenham Hotspur — the team which inspired “Ted Lasso” — on March 12. English football legends Ian Wright and Michael Carrick will be on sight for meet and greets on matchday. All month long there will be a second British musical invasion as “intimate” concerts will happen across the city to promote “exciting and emerging talent coming out of the UK” as well.