Some movies require a ticket for admission. At this home, a scan of an eye can open the door to its standout screening area. In Pacific Palisades, an affluent enclave of Los Angeles, a property listed for $6.99 million comes with an unusual amenity. A former safe room — whose retina scan, which can be used to open and close its pneumatic doors, was previously registered with the FBI — is now a quirky private theater for friends and family to watch flicks. Images of the space show plush lounge seating and a large screen under a black-tone drop ceiling and surrounded by metallic walls — 3-inch steel walls, in fact. It helps to make for a soundproof space, and it owes itself to the home’s previous owner. Representatives for the listing tell The Post a legal arms dealer formerly owned this home — and the current owner, who works in entertainment, spent about $150,000 to convert this high-security safe space into its new use. The former owner kitted out the now-theater with a hidden room, cabinets and racks — with some of the space used to store guns. Now, a new owner — one who prefers watching movies in silence and in dark settings — can boast about these fittings. “All in all, we love this home and all of its unique features,” said Farah Levi, of the Agency, who represents this listing. The 9,100-square-foot residence, set behind gates in Palisades Highlands, has six bedrooms and nine bathrooms. It stands on .75 acres with grounds whose outdoor features include a fully lit tennis court, a pool with a cozy cabana and a three-car garage. Inside, the formal living room — prominently marked by massive windows — has 30-foot ceilings and a fireplace. There’s also a family room with a wet bar, a chef’s kitchen with an island and a breakfast area. A coffered ceiling tops the formal dining space, and the same goes for the home office. Upstairs, the master bedroom has its own fireplace and a spa-like ensuite bathroom. The home is located near the beach, the listing adds, as well as hiking paths.