Remember the days of hopping on a subway or bus — for five days a week —trekking through streets (with heels and button-emblazed attire) and flashing your ID to start your workday? For some, that’s routine. But for most, the WFH life has lasted for so long, we’re still getting the courage to dust off our work pants and work totes. That said, it’s the peak season to have a million tabs open, scour deals like it’s your second job and reorganize your closet with options that scream work-appropriate but comfortable. Let’s face it – if you’re used to waking up half an hour before work starts, you’re already going to have to adjust to waking up earlier, as was the case pre-pandemic. So, unless you work on Wall Street or in a business professional environment, finding staple transitional pieces you can incorporate into your wardrobe is critical. Along with some of our favorite dresses from Amazon and the best T-shirt dresses for all-day comfort, find the 45 best styles we cherry-picked below for every budget and preference. You know what they say — dress for success. Click on the specific styles below to jump to our curated lists. As one of Amazon’s No. 1 bestsellers, consider Berydress’ Sheath Wrap Dress — a relatively affordable option that comes in nearly every color under the sun. It’s conservative for the workplace, classy and is made from a super-soft cotton blend. For a flattering workplace outfit, PrettyGarden’s Belted Dress cinches in at the waist to give you a bit of shape while still leaning into office-level comfort. It’s breathable, made of 95% cotton and is available in a handful of other colors and prints to stock up on. In all honesty, Amoretu’s Tunic Swing Dress is one of our favorites in this edit. For the price, it’s an easy-breeze style that comes in multiple fun and muted patterns to adorn your off-to-work wardrobe. Plus, it’s so versatile that it can be worn to a morning brunch or evening date. J.Crew is the Queen of classics, and its Squareneck Cozy Gauze Dress is no exception. With comfortable puffed long sleeves and a subtle flared-out hem, it’s an investment piece you’ll resort to whenever you want to wear a black dress. Available in XXS to XXXL, the size range is generous, along with its color options; pick up white, light blue and green hues, too. Offering a plethora of work dresses in numerous sizes and styles, The Loft has timeless fashions with a petite lean. Its Pebbled Tie-Waist V-Neck Dress has dolman sleeves we adore for keeping us comfortable and modest at work, as well as a stretchy knit fabric that is complete with a front bow belt. For a more flowy black dress to add to your cart, we’re big fans of Lulus’ Shifting Dears Long-Sleeve Dress. It’s a feel-good length, is more breathable than most and steals the show with its fluttering, open sleeves. Plus, it comes in a wealth of other colors. Madewell is right up there with J.Crew for reining in the classic, with its Flannel Button-Placket Tiered Windowpane Dress holding much acclaim for its black and white print, bubble-flare design and buttoned-up detailing. It’s almost like it’s made for work. If a black midi dress is calling your name, The Farah Midi Wrap Dress from Lulus is an answer to your wishes. With delicate sleeves, a tie-waist design and a style-any-way look, it’s showstopping for the office, just shy of $60. Sure, we adore our blazers — but how about a blazer dress? Lucy Paris’ Two-Button Blazer Dress is the professional standard for your office wardrobe, regardless of your environment being business professional or business casual. It comes in white and hot pink, too, the latter for a bright and fun pop. Tapping into 50s style is the Button-Front Mock Neck Bishop Sleeve Dress. With some of the most elegantly designed sleeves we’ve seen and a flattering, cinched waist, we’re over the moon that this is only $20 for transition back into the office. As an Amazon bestseller, you can’t go wrong with PrettyGarden’s Halter Ruffle Maxi Dress. For no more than $40, it comes in unlimited designs, though our favorite is this speckled pink and black-dotted one on an emerald green fabric. Ideal for the warmer months, Goodthreads — an Amazon brand — has you covered with the Georgette Smock-Back Cami Maxi Dress, a staple for pairing with a cardigan and white sneakers if you’d like, or with your favorite pair of comfortable heels. Not only is this sky blue dress stunning, but its long-sleeve chiffon material will keep you comfortable for nearly any season. Paired with your favorite fine jewelry and a pair of comfortable flats, you can’t go wrong. Perfect for your 9-to-5 or a summertime party, Aqua’s Ruffled Floral Maxi Dress is one of our favorite dresses with a feminine flair. Its V-neck style, cap-sleeve design and criss-cross back straps are sure to garner many compliments from your coworkers. Can we say add to cart? There’s no other dress than Lulus’ Ready for Sunshine Off-the-Shoulder Maxi Dress for allowing you to feel comfortable and confident when checking things off your to-do list. Not to mention, it has hidden side-seam pockets (a bonus!) Petal & Pup has adorable and classy styles, with its Anika Dress being one of our favorites suitable for office culture. Its neutral paisley print is enough to convince us it’s unique (and, not to mention, a wear-all-the-time dress for the fall season, especially). We’re suckers for all things button-down and floral print, and Angashion’s Midi Dress is not letting us down. For a budget-friendly price, it comes in a variety of other colors and prints to serve you well for the workplace — all of which are versatile. If you’re a lover of moody prints with a bit of something-something, look no further than Simple Favor’s Vintage Midi Dress. Its relaxed fit, comfortable attached skirt and match-all print (among countless others), make it well worth the less-than-$35 price tag. We’re getting serious “Mad Men” vibes with this modest, elegant and beautifully designed A-Line Midi Dress from VFShow (which, if we’re being honest, can’t believe is less than $75 on Amazon!) We had a difficult time choosing our favorite of its many styles, though its lifetime-lasting navy striped print was too good to pass up. If you’re in a pinch to get ready in the hush-hush hours of the AM, snag Lulus’ Erina Belted Midi Slip Dress. Whether you prefer to pair it with a quality denim jacket or underneath a bodysuit, it’s a reliable option for work (and more!) Oh, how we love comfort. Foxcroft’s Rocca Cotton Belted Shirt Dress — we can already tell — is one of those splurges we know will be worn on most in-office days. It’s even perfect for working from home, in its breathable yet structured design, clad with button detailing. Not only is the emerald green color sought-after (and great on all skin tones), but the dainty bow applique at the neckline is just precious. For a sweet splurge that’s undeniably worth it, pick up this Bloomingdale’s find that’s also available in solid black. As one of our personal favorites, we adore Madewell’s Poplin V-Neck Bubble-Sleeve Dress. It has a V-neck design that’s not too low-cut, the most beautiful puffed sleeves that aren’t too puffy and a neutral yet zippy print that’s great for many occasions. We owe much to the humble T-shirt dress that keeps us comfortable and makes getting dressed a snap. This one, with a cute front pocket, comes in a slew of shades to choose from. The 3/4 sleeves are a nice touch, too, especially for transitional seasons. Color us paisley, because we’re virtually obsessed with this pocketed dress that’s only $27 on Amazon. You guessed it — it also comes in many other colors — though this one is Cathy’s bestseller. Add a feminine twist to your workwear with this Floral Print Ruffle-Hem Belted Dress from SHEIN. Just shy of $20, it even works for you while en route to a bridal shower, graduation party or summer bash. We’re not ones to force you to buy anything, but we’re almost at that level with this adorable tweed tunic dress. Adorned with two front pockets (perfect for storing your phone and work ID), it’s that $39 dress we think hits the jackpot on all fronts. Look familiar? Well, this style is one of our favorite polka-dotted print dresses we mentioned earlier, though its jewel-tone purple shade is too exceptional to forego. For a solid price point, it’s adorable to dress up with some statement jewelry. Giving us all the preppy vibes is this Polo Neck Belted Shirt Dress by Grace Kahn. It’s flattering on all body types, is versatile to wear for a weekend getaway and is something we believe Blair Waldorf would approve of. Plus, it comes in black and wine red. If there’s a dress you should own in your capsule wardrobe, it’s this Notched Neck Grid Tunic Dress for SHEIN. It can be styled in numerous ways — with a red blazer, with your favorite pair of black booties — and costs just $12. This sleeveless number on Amazon is one of the retailer’s bestsellers, available in more than a dozen colors with rave reviews. For the workplace, pair it with your favorite cardigan or blazer to complete the look. Mother Bee Maternity’s Hi-Low Ruffle Dress looks like your everyday option, which is why we adore it. With an adjustable belt to suit you from your first to third trimester, we may even argue it’s post-bump friendly, too. For a throw-on dress when all you want is to be comfortable when pregnant, pick up this striped style, available for less than $30 on Amazon. It comes in a variety of other color-ways, too. For a more dressed-up look, this lilac wrap maternity dress is one of the most stylish of its kind, especially when some maternity dresses can make you look frumpy (not ideal, by any means). Plus, you can’t beat the quality. A popular option from PinkBlush, its Floral Sweetheart Neck Maternity Dress is pretty and poised, keeping you comfortable for all hours of the day. Plus, it’s post-bump friendly. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.