Gentlemen, if you only own one ratty pair of flip-flops, this is for you. Now that spring is finally upon us, it’s time to let your toes breathe a bit and come out from their winter boot hibernation. Aside from a good pair of running shoes for the gym, another springtime staple is sandals, slides and other shoes that let your feet catch some rays. From sandals with secure straps made for hiking and camping to fun summer slides and slip-ons, we gathered up a list of functional and fashionable footwear that you can rock until the snow starts to fall again next year. Check out the list below for our top picks for any man and any budget. Our advice? stock up before spring has sprung and summer is upon us. After all, off season is the best time to score amazing deals! Birkenstocks are the go-to sandal for both men and women, so having a pair this spring is a must. Birks can be found almost anywhere these days, but they’re easy to find in the right size and color at Zappos. The above pair come in the classic brown color but also come in black as well. They range in size from 5 to 13 and also come in both a narrow and regular width for the perfect fit. Comfort meets style with this pair of slides from ECCO. The Flowt slides will make you feel like you’re floating on air, when it’s really just the Molded EVA footbed and smooth full-grain leather. They also use ECCO’s FLUIDFORM™ direct injection process to make the base of the shoe move with you every step of the way. The shoe comes in light taupe and black. Slide on over to Gucci to bring your sandal game to the next level. These white shoes have a green and red band, the classic Gucci colors, made of rubber for a waterproof shoe. If you already have the classic Docs but realized they were too heavy for spring and summer, this is what the doctor would prescribe as a solution. These sandals from Dr. Martens look like the classic boots, complete with the yellow stitching along the sole and the tag on the back. But instead of a bulky boot, they have an open toe and heel and three straps to secure them to your feet. They currently range in size from 7 to 14 in the iconic black hydro leather color. Teva is the authority on all things outdoors — and these shoes are no different. The Original Universal Sandals are just as the name describes. Not only are they easy to wear practically everywhere — from the beach to the forest and even to just do errands, but they come in enough colors to match any outfit. These olive-green North Face sandals are as good for the planet as they are for your feet, as they are made of 100% recycled nylon and 40% recycled rubber. The stretchy back strap is easy to slip on and off when running on the beach or heading indoors after a hike, and they come in both the pictured green color and an all-black model. Want the lowdown on some of the best sandals for outdoor adventures? Chaco knows what’s up with these Lowdown Sandals. The bestselling style features an easily adjustable buckle to make sure the shoes stay secure, as well as comfortable straps that crisscross across the foot for that stylish Chaco look (and tan lines!). The shoe comes in a variety of colors including gray, brown, black and white, navy, dark brown, bright blue and camo. Crack open a cold one with your boys, bottle opener included. From Reef, the Draftsman style is a cool beach shoe made for surfers and swimmers, but with an even cooler secret. There is a hidden bottle opener on the bottom of the sandal, perfect for drinks poolside or really anywhere where a cold one is permitted. Water-resistant? Check. Arch support? Yup. Memory foam? Hari Mari has got it all. The brand is almost as fun to say as it is to wear, with great styles for men to rock all spring and summer long. The above pair is the fan-favorite Pier, in a stunning slate gray, tan, navy blue and brown and range in size from 8 to 13. Take a leather shoe and cross it with a waterproof flip-flop and what do you get? L.L. Bean wanted to see what would happen and came up with these stylish and practical sandals for anyone doing water sports this spring or venturing out on a rainy spring day. The flip-flops are made with waterproof leather and lined with soft foam to keep feet feeling cushioned no matter what you’re up to. The shoe ranges in size from 7 to 14 and also comes in a navy blue style, in addition to the gray color above. You knew Nike slides would make this list — and for good reason. These slides are a classic must-have for any man going to the gym, walking the beach or just running out to meet the delivery guy. They couldn’t be easier to wear, and the black-and-white style matches any look. If you already have the black version, be sure to check out other colors, as this style currently comes in red, white, navy and even neon green, to name a few. Why should rain boots have all the fame and fun? From Hunter, the boot company also makes some pretty comfortable and stylish slides. These men’s slides have adjustable Velcro straps across the foot to keep them from, well, sliding. They are also lined with a super soft, moisture-absorbing terry toweling to keep feet comfortable and dry in the summer heat or after a dip in the pool.  They currently come in a size 7 up to 13 and are 100% vegan. Another iconic sandal, this pair from Adidas are stylish and a treat for your feet, too. The Adidas Adissage slides feature mini spikes on the inside of the shoe, which actually massage tired feet after a workout or a long day. They were designed as a post-workout shoe, but for all-day wear, check out the similar Adissage TND slides. For the outdoorsman, check out these KEEN brand shoes. The waterproof sandals are great for outdoor sports and recreation, both on land and in the water, too, as they are waterproof. The black and yellow are a great pick, but they also come in other shades, sold on Amazon. If you’ve been up a creek looking for new sandals, Clark’s is here to throw you a paddle. These sandals are great for the guy on the go, with a back strap and another two across the foot, secured with adjustable velcro. The shoe is made of durable leather and comes in either brown or tan. You’ll want to wear these sandals all day, just as the name suggests. These slides from Cole Haan are a great option to slip on in the spring and summer, as they are super versatile and are also waterproof for all warm-weather water activities. They come in a medium width and a range of colors, including black, gray, blue and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.