The first day of March Madness is in full swing, but where’s the influential action heading on day two? The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. In order to better cash those tickets, here are three plays the report has identified as checking those boxes across Friday’s slate. The underdogs Davidson opened at +2, but a few big-money bets have seen it drop to the aforementioned number. As it stands, Davidson has received only 47 percent of spread bets, but 84 percent of the money. Further, three additional factors support the lower seed advancing to the weekend. One PRO system — the “slow-paced underdogs system” — which has a 60 percent win rate and 16 percent return on investment applies to Davidson, while Action Network model projections make Davidson a two-point favorite against the Spartans. Finally, one Action Network college basketball expert is backing the Wildcats on Friday, meaning four of the five factors are checked in this matchup. While the Mocs entered the tournament as a trendy upset pick, there are a majority of factors supporting an Illini cover Friday. The Action Network has tracked sharp money coming in on Illinois, which opened as eight-and-a-half-point favorites in this South region matchup while on our top college hoops experts are siding with the favorites.  Lastly, one PRO system aligns with Illinois – the “fading trendy underdogs” system. That particular system, which looks at underdogs with spread betting percentages between 24 and 49 percent, has a 56 percent historical win rate and 10 percent return on investment. Just like the most recent selection, this under has three factors going in its favor. Interestingly, both sharp action and big money bets have come in on the under, but this number is slightly higher than an opener of 145 points. Overall, 26 percent of bets have come in on the under, but 55 percent of the money has shown in the build-up to this West region contest. Additionally, one Action Network PRO system supports this play. That system looks at “Neutral Court Unders,” specifically among totals that fall between 145 and 180 points. Further, the betting percentage on the under should fall between 0 and 50 percent to meet the requirement, which this total does for both. That system has a historical 55 percent win rate and five percent return on investment.