A rally organized by Ben Crump to support a teen handcuffed by cops at a New Jersey mall was interrupted Wednesday by a group of local black activists, forcing the famed civil rights attorney to move the event inside the very police station he was protesting. Crump was in front of the Bridgewater police station around noon to demand justice for his client Z’Kye Husain, the black 14-year-old who was recently put in handcuffs at Bridgewater Commons mall in an act of “biased policing,” when counter protesters showed up, he said. The group, described by NJ.com as local black activists, called Crump an opportunist, forcing him to move the rally inside of the police station, the outlet reported. In a brief interview with The Post, Crump downplayed the counter protesters, describing them as “three people out there yelling on a microphone.” “There was some people who wanted to make it about them and it was really about Z’Kye… we don’t want to give it any life,” Crump said by phone. “I have no idea what they were doing…  I was focused on Z’Kye and his family because it’s never about me or about anybody, it’s about a young kid who was assaulted and battered because of biased policing and anybody who loses focus on that is not for the cause of getting justice for this young black kid.” On Feb. 12, Z’Kye was at the Bridgewater Commons mall with some friends when he got into a fight with a 15-year-old named Joseph, who is of Hispanic and Pakistani descent. When two members of the Bridgewater police department responded to the incident, they tackled Z’Kye, threw him on the ground and knelt on his back while cuffing him, all while Joseph sat on a couch and watched, video of the incident shows. “I don’t understand why they arrested him and not me,” Joseph previously told NJ.com after the incident, adding he offered his wrist to police to cuff but they declined to arrest him. “That was just plain old racist. I don’t condone that at all. Like I said, I even offered to get arrested.” Z’Kye’s family has since retained Crump, who said the ordeal has taken an “emotional toll” on the middle schooler and he’s “very confused” about why he was treated so differently by the Bridgewater PD. Crump called on Gov. Phil Murphy Wednesday to take action against the police department and the officers involved. “What we saw in that video cannot be allowed to be condoned and if they don’t condemn it then they’re condoning it and it leads to our children getting hurt or even worse killed,” Crump said. “If you let this get swept under the rug, what happens the next time? It becomes a Trayvon Martin, it becomes an Ahmaud Arbery.” When asked about the irony of hosting his rally inside of the police station he was protesting, Crump said the department did the right thing in letting them in. “Remember the police are supposed to be about justice as well,” Crump said. “If everybody is in the interest of justice and this is a public building, they’re there to protect and serve the public then that’s what they’re supposed to do unless they’re going to tell us they’re not about justice.”