After months of boring, assumed winners, the Oscars race has been shaken up recently by shocker developments no one saw coming. When they air Sunday, March 27, on ABC, the evening should be full of surprises. Here, Post critic Johnny Oleksinski picks who will win and who should win at the 2022 Academy Awards. The touching AppleTV+ drama has snuck up from behind over the last two weeks, winning both the hugely important SAG Best Ensemble Award and the Producers Guild’s top prize. Suddenly, it’s the one to beat. The first part of director Denis Villenueve’s adaptation of the sci-fi novel was, by far, the most impressive cinematic experience of the year. “Belfast” “Don’t Look Up” “Drive My Car” “King Richard” “Licorice Pizza” “Nightmare Alley” “The Power of the Dog” “West Side Story” Awards season has been a coronation for Campion ever since her esoteric Western bombarded the festival circuit. Anderson’s movie is moving, funny and visually gripping. Kenneth Branagh, “Belfast” Ryûsuke Hamaguchi, “Drive My Car” Steven Spielberg, “West Side Story” Smith gives one of his best performances in years, as the fascinating and complex father of Serena and Venus Williams. Javier Bardem, “Being the Ricardos” Benedict Cumberbatch, “The Power of the Dog” Andrew Garfield, “Tick, Tick … Boom!” Denzel Washington, “The Tragedy of Macbeth” Chastain was the underdog until she won the SAG Award. Now she’s tough to take down. Olivia Colman, “The Lost Daughter” Penélope Cruz , “Parallel Mothers” Nicole Kidman, “Being the Ricardos” Kristen Stewart, “Spencer” Kodi Smit-McPhee, like “The Power of the Dog” once seemed unstoppable. But the fabulous Kotsur’s got this in the bag. Ciarán Hinds, “Belfast” Jesse Plemons, “The Power of the Dog” J.K. Simmons, “Being the Ricardos” Kodi Smit-McPhee, “The Power of the Dog” DeBose has snagged almost every major trophy this season for playing Anita. The Oscars won’t stop her momentum. Dunst does great work in “Dog,” another triumph in a long — and ofter underrated — career. Jessie Buckley, “The Lost Daughter” Judi Dench, “Belfast” Aunjanue Ellis, “King Richard” “CODA” will benefit hugely in this category from its growing momentum. Making sense of Frank Herbert’s novel “Dune” is no easy task — look how well it worked out for David Lynch — and Denis Villeneuve should be recognized for that. “Drive My Car” “The Lost Daughter” “The Power of the Dog” The Academy admires “Licorice Pizza” and its writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson. “Belfast” “Don’t Look Up” “King Richard” “The Worst Person in the World” Hans Zimmer’s score is big, old-fashioned, booming movie music. “Don’t Look Up” “Encanto” “Parallel Mothers” “The Power of the Dog” Thanks in part to the mammoth chart success of “We Don’t Talk About Bruno,” everyone is talking about “Encanto.” “Luca” is simply bellissimo. “Flee” “The Mitchells vs. the Machines” “Raya and the Last Dragon” OK, it’s not “We Don’t Talk About Bruno,” but this song by Miranda is even better. “Be Alive” from “King Richard,” music and lyric by Dixson and Beyoncé Knowles-Carter “Down To Joy” from “Belfast,” music and lyric by Van Morrison “No Time To Die” from “No Time to Die,” music and lyric by Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell “Somehow You Do” from “Four Good Days,” music and lyric by Diane Warren