What are people looking for in a significant other? Themselves, apparently. Couples formed of duos that look alike aren’t alone — they’ve actually become the epitome of a newly coined dating term: “doppelbangers.” A play on doppelganger, the German word for a nearly identical look-alike, the Daily Mail observed the trendy phenomenon of doppelbangers among celebrity couples who have uncanny mirroring features. The term originated in the LGBTQ community, Cosmopolitan reported. Oscar nominee Kristen Stewart and fiancée Dylan Meyer are a shining example of doppelbangers as their blond hair and shapely bodies are a nearly exact match. Meanwhile other A-list couples, like blue-eyed buds Courteney Cox and Snow Patrol member Johnny McDaid, in addition to Benedict Cumberbatch and Sophie Hunter, along with Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel, also share doppelbanging criteria, sharing similar body types and facial features, according to the Mail. The sturdy jawlines and cheek structures of recently retired football legend Tom Brady and supermodel wife Gisele Bündchen were also considered doppelbang-esque traits — as were the distinct eyebrows and brown hair shared by Keira Knightley and husband James Righton. But even for the common folk, there is a scientifically observed trend to be attracted to one’s own traits found in another. Norwegian scientists at the Universities of Oslo and Tromsø conducted a 2013 study where test subjects were shown alterations to their partner’s face and asked to determine which variety they found to be the most appealing. “Participants distinctly preferred a ‘Self-based morph’ (i.e., their partner’s face with a small amount of Self’s face blended into it) to other morphed images,” according to the researchers. Also, a 2008 study in Hungary found by the Mail indicated that many seek a partner who resembles a family member. Women were found to be inclined to men whose faces looked like their own father’s and — just as Dr. Melfi often debated with Tony Soprano on the fictional HBO series — men were more likely to have relationships with women who resembled their mothers. However, it appears that a once-believed theory that married couples begin to look alike after years together — which came from the University of Michigan in 1987 — was recently debunked by 2020 research from Stanford University. However, that data published in Scientific Reports did find that many of the faces from more than 500 analyzed couples were similar from the get-go. “This brings facial appearance in line with other traits — such as interests, personality, intelligence, attitudes, values and well-being — which show initial similarity but do not converge over time,” researchers wrote.