Russia’s invasion of Ukraine gave President Joe Biden an opportunity of almost Churchillian dimensions to bring Americans together and focus their attention on a severe threat to our nation’s interests and core values. Unfortunately, his State of the Union address Tuesday night missed the mark. “This is a moment for statecraft,” I heard a veteran of several Democratic campaigns and venerable public intellectual say Monday night. And I couldn’t agree more. This was a moment to explain what’s at stake in Russia’s war against Ukraine, why it matters to us and our democracy and why it makes our own divisions and culture wars look petty and insignificant in comparison. More important, it was a moment to explain what lies ahead, outline the administration’s strategy for defeating Russian President Vladimir Putin and preventing the looming industrial-scale atrocities and prepare Americans for the costs and sacrifices that might be necessary. I haven’t checked in with my Democratic strategist friend yet, but from my vantage point, Tuesday night gave us mostly feel-good displays of solidarity with the Ukrainian people and some self-congratulating paragraphs slapped perfunctorily on top of a run-of-the-mill domestic speech — certainly not the deep rewrite the White House was preparing us for over the weekend. True, the president bears no responsibility for intermittent standing ovations, which felt more than a little tonally off given the gravity of the moment, nor for the Ukraine-themed sartorial choices of members of Congress that, while well-intentioned, risk reducing Ukraine into just another of elite America’s pet causes, to be succeeded by a more salient one in a few weeks. Yet President Biden does bear responsibility for the speech’s content and for almost framing Russia’s war as a problem that’s been solved. “Russia’s economy is reeling and Putin alone is to blame,” we were told. “The free world is holding him accountable.” But as my American Enterprise Institute colleague and Tufts professor Chris Miller points out, the impressive array of sanctions the United States and its allies deployed in the wake of Russian aggression — which is real and for which the administration and our allies deserve credit — is not a sign of success. It is a sign of our failure to deter Putin. That earlier failure might have been driven by the Kremlin’s determination to attack regardless of our response or by the West neglecting to communicate clearly just how far-reaching and overwhelming the punitive sanctions would be — we ourselves are surprised by how far we’ve been willing to go — along with the president’s muddled talk about “minor incursion.” Either way, the conflict is far from over. It is not a foregone conclusion that it will end in Putin’s defeat. Instead of a tone of triumphalism, Biden should have struck a far more somber note, preparing Americans for a steady stream of dark news coming from Ukraine. Even if Putin does lose, the war may well leave tens or even hundreds of thousands dead and millions displaced — as well as a lingering sense of guilt and shame in the West, wondering whether it could have done anything to prevent it. The president should have also prepared the American people for sacrifices that might be needed if Russia escalates its aggression further. The engineered crumbling of Russia’s financial sector alone, which is already underway, might have repercussions similar to those of the 2008 financial crisis. Yet, as of now, the energy sector — oil, natural gas and coal — has been shielded from Western sanctions. It is safe to say that releasing 30 million barrels of oil from our reserves, as Biden promised, will do little to counteract the economic effect of a full oil embargo, should it become necessary to implement one. A new oil shock would instead send profound and lasting shockwaves through the global economy and cause prices at the pump to skyrocket. In the same vein, the current forward deployments on NATO’s eastern flank would be insufficient if Putin decided to target one of NATO’s countries next. That would, of course, involve an unprecedented kinetic conflict between the alliance and a hostile nuclear power. Nobody should take for granted that the spontaneous outbursts of solidarity with the brave people of Ukraine will be enough to maintain our resolve to stop Putin in the coming weeks and months. The West is at an extremely dangerous juncture — one that does call, as my Democratic friend noted, for statecraft. But if things continue on their current trajectory, odds are that Tuesday night’s speech will be remembered at best as complacent, tone-deaf and ineffective. Dalibor Rohac is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, DC. Twitter: @DaliborRohac.