The sicko accused of smearing feces on a woman’s face in a revolting Bronx attack has a lengthy rap sheet — and was released without bail in separate assault cases last month, authorities said Tuesday. Frank Abrokwa, 37, has been arrested more than 20 times since 1999, including on Feb. 5, when he allegedly slugged a man in the face at the Port Authority Bus Terminal, according to cops and a criminal complaint. The victim felt someone punch him, and when he turned around, Abrokwa was the only person in the immediate area, the complaint said. He was charged with third-degree assault, aggravated harassment in the second degree, attempted assault in the third degree, and second-degree aggravated harassment, the complaint said. Abrokwa allegedly punched another victim, a 30-year-old man, multiple times in the head on Jan. 7 at the 125th Street 2 and 3 train station in Harlem, according to cops and court papers. He was arrested at the scene and charged with third-degree assault, third-degree attempted assault and second-degree harassment, according to his complaint. Abrokwa was arraigned in connection to both of those incidents Feb. 6 and cut loose on supervised release — because the charges are not eligible for monetary bail, the Manhattan District Attorney’s office said. He is scheduled to reappear in court on April 28. Abrokwa’s most recent bust was on Feb. 22 — a day after the vile attack underground — when he allegedly menaced an employee with a screwdriver during a robbery at a hardware store on White Plains Road near East 237th Street in Wakefield, cops said. The Bronx District Attorney’s Office didn’t immediately provide information on Abrokwa’s arraignment in that case. He was busted Monday in connection to the Feb. 21 feces attack, cops said. Horrifying video released by cops shows him allegedly slapping a bag filled with human excrement in an unsuspecting 43-year-old woman’s face — and then rubbing it on the back of her head — and she sat on a bench at the Wakefield-241st Street subway station. The sickening Bronx attack was captured on footage released by the NYPD. He was charged with forcible touching, menacing, disorderly conduct and harassment, cops said. His arraignment was pending Tuesday afternoon. Mayor Eric Adams called the incident a “horrific experience for anyone to go through” at an unrelated press conference Monday afternoon. “Human waste or someone spitting in your face, those are real signs of mental health issues … and we really must dig into how we’re dealing with these mental health issues,” the mayor said. MTA spokesperson David Steckel applauded cops for making an arrest. “The video speaks for itself and must have been as awful to experience as it is disgusting to watch,” Steckel said. “We appreciate the NYPD’s excellent detective work leading to a rapid arrest of the suspect. It’s another example of why we fully support efforts by the governor and mayor to deliver essential mental health services to those who need them.” The nauseating incident comes amid an uptick in Big Apple subway crime. In response to the violence, Adams announced his Subway Safety Plan on Feb. 18, pledging to crack down on rule-breaking and preventing people from living on the trains and in the stations. Additional reporting by David Meyer