As NFL teams continue to lock in new quarterbacks, Baker Mayfield’s status seems stagnant. On Monday, the Falcons sent veteran quarterback Matt Ryan to the Colts, with Indianapolis reportedly Mayfield’s preferred destination after the Browns traded for former Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson last week. With Watson now poised to be Cleveland’s future starter — agreeing to a five-year, $230 million deal, fully guaranteed — it remains to be seen where Mayfield will land as the quarterback carousel continues to spin at full speed. The Saints, who were also finalists in the Watson sweepstakes, don’t appear to be an option as the team re-signed quarterback Jameis Winston. The former first-round pick agreed to a two-year deal with a base value of $28 million, including $21 million guaranteed, according to NFL Network. Winston is currently rehabbing a torn ACL he suffered at the end of last season. The Panthers, meanwhile, have not been shy about their heavy hunt for a quarterback, and could very well pursue Mayfield. Carolina could also shift their focus to top quarterback prospects in April’s NFL draft in since they have the sixth overall pick. Other obvious teams with quarterback vacancies now include the Falcons, Texans, and Seahawks, who traded away Russell Wilson to the Broncos earlier this month. In the wake of Friday’s Watson trade, reports emerged that Seattle could also push for Mayfield. Although Mayfield, 26, may be the next quarterback domino to fall, there is also a question mark hovering above Jimmy Garoppolo, whom the 49ers have long been speculated to part ways with. Mayfield is currently working his way back from a January surgery to repair a torn labrum in his left non-throwing shoulder. His status for the start of the 2022 season is unclear, which could potentially be a red flag for prospective teams. Mayfield is due $18.9 million in 2022 on the fifth-year option of his rookie deal, which isn’t too expensive in the NFL quarterback community. Therefore, teams could be intrigued at the thought of adding a young, cheaper quarterback. Mayfield, the Browns’ first-overall pick in 2018, has yet to publicly address his playing future since the Watson trade. As of Monday afternoon, he remains on the Browns roster. But, as NFL fans have learned lately, that could change quickly.