Another day, another tone-deaf US official sticks his foot in his mouth over the Ukraine war. US climate czar John Kerry, who had already made cringe-worthy comments at the start of the war, did it again this week — by using Ukraine’s burgeoning refugee crisis to shift the focus back to his cause. “If you think migration has been a problem in Europe from the Syrian war — or even from what we see now [in Ukraine] — wait until you see 100 million people for whom the entire food production capacity has collapsed,” Kerry said at a Houston energy conference Monday. The clueless comment from the US’s special presidential envoy on climate change came as around 2 million people have already fled Ukraine amid two weeks of intense Russian bombings and artillery strikes on civilian targets. Kerry also sought to tie the war to the climate Wednesday, when he addressed an informal meeting of the UN Security Council on Climate Finance for Sustaining Peace. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. Kerry said the “instability, conflict, death [and] destruction” in Ukraine is happening in the context of “a global existential crisis. “We are actually living through the consequences of that crisis,” he said. In the days leading up to the invasion by Moscow last month, Kerry also said that he worried the war would lose “big country attention” on the climate crisis and that he hoped invading Russian President Vladimir Putin would share his concerns about the thawing Siberian tundra. While saying in an interview with the BBC that he was concerned about “the people of Ukraine,” Kerry added that the war also “could have a profound negative impact on the climate, obviously. “You have a war and obviously you’re going to have massive emissions consequences to the war,” he said. Earlier this week, Vice President Kamala Harris and Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg held an event promoting electric busses — as Americans struggle with soaring gas costs. President Joe Biden also tweeted Tuesday that Americans should simply focus on energy independence. “It will mean tyrants like Putin won’t be able to use fossil fuels as a weapon,” he wrote. With Post Wires