One widow had a killer response for her dead husband’s mistress. Bridgette Davis, 36, took to TikTok to recount the awkward exchange she experienced after telling her husband’s lover that he had died. “When your husband of 10 years dies and you have to tell his mistress,” Davis captioned the clip, subsequently sharing a terse text exchange she had with her late husband’s lover. The Cincinnati woman’s video has already racked up more than 1.6 million views. Davis’ husband — who was the father of her two children —took his own life in 2018 after a long battle with bipolar disorder. The widow was aware that her husband had been seeing the other woman before his death, and decided to text to inform her of the tragic news. Screenshots included in Davis’ TikTok video show the mistress responding in shock. “F – – k. I can’t believe this,” she first replied, before adding: “I can’t, I’m losing it. I can’t do this again. He promised me.” The mistress then asks Davis if she could go to where her lover was being buried. “No,” Davis dryly responded. Viewers of the TikTok were divided in their reactions, with some claiming Davis should have told the mistress where the man was buried. “Seems like you texted her just so you could be mean to her and not let her go visit. Either be nice or move on,” one critic replied. “She lost a love too. He wrecked your relationship, not her,” a second person chimed in. However, in another video, Davis shared further screenshots, in which the mistress admits she knew the man was married. “You know he was my husband for 10 years right? That we have two amazing kids together that I homeschool?” Davis asked in their text exchange. “Yes. I know a lot about things. He needed support, [he] told me him and I were peas in a pod,” the mistress brazenly rebutted. In an additional video, Davis disclosed that her husband was not living in their marital home at the time he took his own life. The couple had separated several months earlier, but the husband had promised he wanted to reconcile shortly before his death.