Although Tom Brady announced Sunday that he plans to return to Tampa Bay for his 23rd season, at least one NFL insider remains skeptical. “Something wasn’t right when things ended down there … I’m just not sure if [going back to Tampa is] going to be the case this year,” former NFL exec Scott Pioli said Sunday night on “Total Access Live.” That came soon after NFL Network reporter Mike Giardi said that “a [conversation] needs to happen” in Tampa between Brady and head coach Bruce Arians. “Arians might have a little work to do to mend that relationship with Brady. Or maybe it should be the other way around,” he tweeted. In a separate tweet, Giardi agreed with The Post’s Andrew Marchand that Pioli’s comments about Brady’s future with the Bucs were “very cryptic.” It’s unclear what the apparent tensions are between the two, though Arians was adamant at the NFL Scouting Combine that the team would not be willing to trade Brady if the quarterback returned. Arians also denied reports there were issues between the two, calling one such report “bulls–t.” There had been speculation for weeks that Brady would be more interested in playing for a different franchise, perhaps his hometown 49ers, if he came back for another season. Although Brady led the Bucs to a Super Bowl title two seasons ago and an NFC South championship last season, he said he has “unfinished business” to attend to. “These past two months I’ve realized my place is still on the field and not in the stands,” Brady tweeted in his announcement. “That time will come. But it’s not now. I love my teammates, and I love my supportive family. They make it all possible. I’m coming back for my 23rd season in Tampa.” The Bucs released a statement after Brady’s announcement that said the organization is “ecstatic that he decided to continue playing and working toward winning another championship.” Arians shared the Bucs’ statement on Twitter, and quoted Brady, writing, “LFG.” Brady, who turns 45 in August, is still playing at an elite level. He led the NFL last season in yards passing (5,316), touchdowns (43), completions (485), and attempts (719). In what was initially believed to be his final season, Brady and the Bucs fell to the Rams in a Divisional Round playoff loss at home. Los Angeles went on to win Super Bowl 2022 in February against the Bengals.