What a whitewash. City Council newcomers Erik Bottcher and Christopher Marte led concerned Greenwich Village residents on a tour of the pigsty that passes for the West Fourth Street subway this week — but only after a battalion of MTA employees wiped away signs of vagrants and filth. “They called in the calvary,” neighbor Steven Hill said of the see-no-evil VIP visit. “We’re tired of hearing the same old story. We want action, not this bulls—.” A fleet of at least eight MTA service trucks arrived outside the station hours before the Tuesday tour. Workers shooed away the homeless, scrubbed graffiti and washed the station’s mezzanine floor. The surface was still wet when the group, which included NYPD officials and civic leaders, toured the hub for the A, D, E, F, B, M and C trains. “This idea of scheduling a pol’s visit may not be all that useful,” wrote Elizabeth Healy on social media. “I suggest Mr. Bottcher just do some random visits.” “My concern is that this is just a photo op and nothing is going to happen,” said neighborhood resident Alan Cohen. The tour came in the wake of an online outcry from locals furious over deplorable conditions at the station, and followed a Post report on subway conditions across the boroughs that found West Fourth Street rife with crime and homelessness. One man slept in a pile of filth on the BDFM platform, and another man drunkenly stumbled around at midday with a giant 1.75-liter jug of Scotch, while a kiosk vendor angrily denounced daily theft at his store. Both Bottcher and Marte ran for office last year on anti-cop platforms that neighbors say have fueled the city’s staggering crime surge and the quality-of-life crisis underground. Both Democrats refused during the tour to answer Post questions about how their positions are impacting life on the streets and in the subway. “We are all victims of Christopher Marte,” said Manhattan Republican Jackie Toboroff, who ran against him last year. “The conditions on the subway are the direct result of local leaders coddling criminals and mistreating ordinary citizens.” During the tour, Greenwich Village resident Bonnie Berman decried the “dirty schmutz coming down the walls” of the station. Another person said, “My main concern is violence, being a woman and a mom.” “The politicians have a huge role in this,” Cohen said. “[Manhattan DA Alvin] Bragg is handcuffing everybody. [Cops] have been castrated, Everything they do is undone. Resisting arrest is no longer a crime. It’s crazy. How are we supposed to feel safe?” Marte ran for city council last year on a platform of defunding and disarming police and closing prisons. Bottcher has been a vocal opponent of traditional policing. His own mother nearly skipped his inauguration ceremony this month over fears of the city’s staggering uptick in crime. NYPD reported a shocking 58.7 percent surge in overall index crime in February compared with the same month last year.