Ain’t love grand? Tom Girardi and “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” star Erika Jayne’s longtime marital home has gone into foreclosure — with another abysmal price cut after nearly a year on the market without any offers, The Post can report. Initially listed for $13 million last May, the Pasadena, Calif., estate now sits on the market for just $7.98 million. Because Girardi — a former, and disgraced, attorney — has little to no assets left, his home was seized by a bank. At the end of 2020, the Los Angeles Sheriff’s office placed an involuntary lien on his property after Girardi failed to pay property taxes, records obtained by The Post reveal. “The levying officer may be required to take custody of property in your possession or under your control,” the lien says. “You have a duty to release tangible personal property to the levying officer.” The home officially went into foreclosure earlier this month. The latest price cut took place on Monday, with the price dropping by $220,000 from $8.2 million. Over the course of the past 11 months, the home has seen five different price cuts. Ted Clark and Heather Lillard, who hold the listing with Compass, did not respond to The Post’s request for comment. It’s the latest bit of bad news for Girardi, 82, who was supposed to stay in the home until finding a buyer. But he has since been living in an assisted-living facility following his late-onset Alzheimer’s and dementia diagnosis. Girardi purchased the estate back in 1980 for $1.3 million. The former attorney allegedly misappropriated millions intended for Lion Air Flight 610 crash victims — amid other lawsuits — forcing him into bankruptcy. According to court documents obtained by The Post, in Girardi’s ongoing bankruptcy case, a total of $517 million in claims has been filed against his law firm. The breakdown includes $363 million in unsecured claims, $137 million in secured claims — which includes $4 million real property, $17 million in priority claims and another $250,000 in administrative claims. The latest update to his involuntary Chapter 7 case shows a judge has signed off Girardi’s life insurance policies being seized — which totals $85,341.85. Fortunately for Jayne, she is not listed as an owner of the property and is not liable. The Bravo reality star has denied knowing anything about her husband’s dealings and has refused to cough up any money or information. She filed for divorce from Girardi after 20 years of marriage in November 2020. Meanwhile, Jayne, 50, has been living in a modest LA rental. Despite the drama, the home itself is a stunner. Made up of four bedrooms and nine bathrooms, the tan stucco Mediterranean-style property spans over 10,200 square feet and sits on nearly 2 acres of land. Features include a paneled gallery upon entry, described as “old-world opulence,” according to the listing. At one end of the gallery rests the grand living room with a coffered ceiling, a massive fireplace and floor-to-ceiling windows. A wall of French doors leads out to grounds where a veranda extends out to a series of fountains cascading down to the pool and the chandelier-lit pavilion. A walking path encircles the entire property connecting the rose garden, grass lawns, wisteria-covered pergolas and multiple patios and seating areas, the listing notes. Inside, the formal dining room also features floor-to-ceiling windows, which allow for optimal sunlight, a large stone-faced fireplace and silk wallpaper. Meanwhile, the library is paneled in walnut and is flanked by two fireplaces, one on each end of the room. The primary bedroom suite showcases “dual” dressing areas, one styled with intricate Chinoiserie finishes and an adjoining bathroom that includes a salon area and a bathtub enveloped in red silk walls. On the opposite wing, there are two bedrooms, a small “chapel,” a second laundry room and an upstairs family room which could be converted to an additional bedroom, the listing notes. There is also a large guest suite with its own private entrance.