INDIANAPOLIS — Can the Peacocks do it? A mere day removed from engineering the signature upset of the NCAA Tournament in dispatching No. 2-seeded Kentucky, can the Saint Peter’s players turn the page quickly enough to author a second shocker in three days when they play Murray State Saturday night in East Region action at the Gainbridge Fieldhouse with a Sweet 16 berth on the line? This is the biggest challenge for the Peacocks (20-11) as they face the seventh-seeded Racers, who have the best record in the nation at 31-2, are riding a 21-game winning streak and haven’t lost since December. “Off the high from [Thursday] we have to put it behind us,’’ Saint Peter’s guard Doug Edert said Friday. “Even though it was a great accomplishment for us, we have to put it behind us. It’s a quick turnaround, and we have to be prepared and keep on rolling. We have to kind of forget the past and just focus on the task at hand, which is preparing for Murray State and trying to get the win over them.’’ Saint Peter’s guard Daryl Banks III, who scored a career-high 27 points in the win over Kentucky, called the upset “an amazing moment’’ and added that the team “kind of let it sink in’’ overnight. “But after [Thursday], that’s in the past,’’ Banks said. “We have a game to play [Saturday], so came in [Friday] with a focus on our game plan and walk-through for Murray State. They’re a really good team. You have to stay locked in.’’ Banks called Murray State “physical and big,’’ adding, “We know it’s going to be a hard-nosed, [hard-]fought battle, so we can’t dwell on the past too much because this is a game we have to be locked in for.’’ Saint Peter’s coach Shaheen Holloway emphasized that there’s no pressure on his team. “I don’t look at this as pressure at all,’’ he said. “Pressure is when you have a kid and you can’t feed your kid, that’s pressure. This is something that these kids love to do. They work all year-round for it, me I’m just in a position to help them to guide them through it. It’s the game of basketball. That’s how I played when I was a player. I didn’t play with any pressure at all. If you can’t get juiced off of this, playing in the NCAA Tournament against Kentucky, something is wrong.” That said, Holloway knows what his team is facing in Murray State, which surely took notice of the Peacocks’ upset of Kentucky. “They are a very good team, very well coached, great tradition, great history, got good players,’’ Holloway said. “When you watch them, the thing I’m impressed the most about is their physicality, they get after you. They pressure you man to man, they get down low, they’re athletic, they have multiple people that can score so you can’t lock in on one person. “It’s going to be a good chance for our guys. We have to go out there and do what Saint Peter’s University do.’’ What Saint Peter’s did to Kentucky was eye-opening. It certainly got the attention of Murray State, which is also located in Kentucky. “I wish I could just point to one thing,’’ Racers coach Matt McMahon said of Saint Peter’s strengths. “We’ll have to play very well at both ends of the floor. They’re so good defensively. They turn you over. They force you to take tough, difficult shots, and then on the offensive end they’re playing really good basketball. “They shoot the ball well from behind the 3-point line. They don’t shoot a ton of them, but they’re very efficient when they do. I think it’ll take a complete performance at both ends of the floor for us to come out victorious.’’