PORT ST. LUCIE – The gates opened at Clover Park on Friday, more so figuratively than literally. For weeks, Mets minor-league players have been working out at the team’s spring training facility, but this day was different. A lockout that lasted 99 days was complete, allowing members of the 40-man roster to finally permeate the premises. Max Scherzer, who resides in the West Palm Beach area, was among the first to arrive. Jordan Yamamoto, who spent all of last season on the injured list, was also an early arrival. Before the weekend is complete, the Mets will have most, if not all, of their team participating in workouts. The team will open its Grapefruit League schedule on Mar. 19. against the Nationals in West Palm Beach. The storylines to watch heading into Mets spring training 2022 are plentiful: Buck Showalter was a kid awaiting Christmas when he arrived into town on Feb. 7, hopeful the lockout would soon conclude and he could begin at least speaking to his players. The manager wasn’t afforded that luxury until Friday night. Now the trick will be familiarizing himself in a hurry with his new team. Showalter has spent months discussing these players with general manager Billy Eppler and his staff and watched them on video. But it’s another thing to evaluate them in person and learn the various personalities. Showalter hasn’t managed a game since 2018, but reflexes will likely allow him to handle that part of the job without much concern. The challenge will be building a database on this group ahead of the April 7 opener in Washington. Jacob deGrom last pitched for the Mets on July 7. To that point he was easily the NL Cy Young award winner, if not the MVP, with a 1.08 ERA and 146 strikeouts in 92 innings. But the barrage of 100-mph missiles may have taken a toll on deGrom’s elbow. He was shut down with inflammation after the Mets returned from the All-Star break and tried to rehab, but never got back. Team president Sandy Alderson revealed along the way that deGrom has a low-grade tear in his ulnar collateral ligament. Scherzer’s addition gives the Mets another elite workhorse, but whether they receive a full season from deGrom may ultimately decide the team’s fate. The cast behind deGrom and Scherzer includes Taijuan Walker, Carlos Carrasco, David Peterson and Tylor Megill. At least one additional proven arm is probably needed. J.D. Davis, in an interview with The Post this week, used the word “ambushed” when describing the amount of information hitters received in pregame meetings last season. Already, new hitting coach Eric Chavez has indicated he wants players going to the plate with their minds uncluttered. “We want their athletic ability to take over,” Chavez said. Francisco Lindor, Dominic Smith, Jeff McNeil and Michael Conforto all underperformed for the Mets last season. Over-analysis could have led to paralysis. Under Showalter look for the Mets to keep it simple, with Chavez serving as a filter who keeps the message basic. Lindor last March signed a 10-year contract extension worth $341 million that starts this season. The Mets received solid numbers from Lindor over the final six weeks of the season – after his return from the injured list – but his first half was a struggle. The Mets expect better than a .230/.322/.412 slash line overall from their star shortstop. Lindor heard plenty of boos. They will likely continue if he again starts slowly. The Mets aren’t done adding players, so it’s difficult to speculate at this point who is actually fighting for a job. Will Davis, Smith and McNeil still be with the Mets on Opening Day? Is there another big bat in the middle of the lineup? This puzzle is a work in progress.