With Amazon, it can be hard to tune out all the noise and find the best deals. That’s why we are here to listen in for you and then broadcast the best loud and clear. For a limited time only, JBL headphones and earbuds are on sale on Amazon, now up to 40% off. They are part of Amazon’s beloved Daily Deals, although there is never telling how long the limited time offers will last. They have something for every type of listener, too, from those that love blasting music in their in-ear earbuds, those that want to hit the gym with tunes playing in their wireless earbuds and over-ear headphone lovers that stream or video call all day long. We also love JBL brand headphones because of their affordable price and quality sound. All of the options below are under $100, with many starting at just $25 during this epic deal. For the best vibes when listening to music, try the JBL Vibe True Wireless Earbuds. They come in a sleek black color and matching charging case, as well as in blue, purple and crisp white, all for $30. They have 20 hours of combined playback time on a single charge and come with three different sizes of ear tips for the best and most comfortable fit. For those that prefer a flatter fit, the JBL Vibe 100 TWS set is also on sale for the same price, coming with the same specs as above in black, dark blue and dark purple. Are you all about that bass? If so, check out these over-ear headphones. They are also on sale for 40% off, marking them down to just under $30. They come in black, white, light pink and blue, which also makes them great to gift for the whole family. These headphones come equipped with wireless Bluetooth 5.0 streaming for calls and music, plus a 40-hour battery life on a single charge. For those that like wireless listening but also hate dropping their earbuds, this hybrid is for you. Perfect for on-the-go music or calls, these in-ear earbuds come with a three-button mic/remote and flat cable wire that connects the two buds. Drape it around your neck while at the gym or take crystal-clear calls with the mic in the front, now for only $25. For those that prefer a different shape of earbud, the JBL Tune 125 are also on sale for the same price, coming in either black or white with red tips. For an upgraded take on over-ear headphones, check out the Tune 710BT model, now on sale for $15 less than normal. These headphones come in black, white and blue, each with a built-in microphone for taking calls and a 50 hour batter life. If you’ve always been a fan of wired headphones, these are for you. The over-ear headphones are now only $25 in black, white, pink and blue and come with a button remote and microphone on the cord for calls and music settings. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.