Hamilton lovers take note. One of the most photographed homes in the West Village is back on the market for $9.99 million following a gut renovation. Located at 29 Downing St. in the Greenwich Village Historic District, the 25-foot-wide carriage house was originally built in 1829 on land that was owned by Aaron Burr, America’s third vice president, who infamously mortally wounded Alexander Hamilton — founder of the New York Post and first secretary of the US Treasury — in a duel. The home was owned by artists for more than 40 years. John Bennett and Karen Lee Grant bought it for $155,000 in 1977 with a loan from the prior homeowners. At the time, it had just one lightbulb on each level, no bathroom and just a sprocket for water. By 2015, they listed it for $13 million. It sold in 2016 for $6.8 million. Now it’s back. The three-story home is 3,620 square feet and comes with three bedrooms, 2½ bathrooms and a curb-cut garage. The ground floor space is still used as an art gallery;  the home is zoned as mixed use. The renovation repurposed original wood joists that needed to be replaced as shelving. Details include exposed beams, wide-plank hardwood floors and a wall of folding glass doors that open to a terrace just under 900 square feet, enclosed by ivy-covered brick walls. There’s an outdoor kitchen on the terrace with a gas grill, a sunken garden and a firepit. Inside, the home features an open kitchen with a breakfast bar, while an open “industrial-chic” staircase leads to bedrooms on the top floor. A main bedroom comes with a glass wall overlooking the sky-lit staircase and a spa-like bathroom. Two smaller bedrooms share another full bathroom with a frameless glass shower and skylight. The ground floor features 14-foot-high ceilings, polished concrete floors, transom windows and “glimpses into the sunken garden,” notes the listing, adding that the space could work as a car collector’s “dream garage,” an art studio, gallery space, startup office or additional living space. The listing brokers are Alex Heydt and Steven Clair of Compass.