The Browns wanted an adult at quarterback. That adult is Deshaun Watson. Watson waived his no-trade clause on Friday to move to the Browns in a blockbuster deal, with Cleveland trading three first-round picks, a third-round pick and a fifth-round pick to Houston in exchange for the legally troubled quarterback. The move comes just one day after a public split between Baker Mayfield and Cleveland, as the former No. 1 overall pick formally requested a trade following the Browns’ public interest in Watson. ESPN’s Chris Mortensen reported that the Browns want “an adult” at quarterback. Watson doesn’t seem to be anyone’s idea of that, but he may be capable of taking the Browns to a Super Bowl if he’s able to play. The Browns handed him a five-year, $230 million contract with the money fully guaranteed. The Panthers and Dolphins had long been linked to Watson. The Falcons and Saints had also been named more recently as potential suitors. Watson’s status for the 2022 season is unknown as the NFL continues its personal conduct investigation into his behavior. He missed the entire 2021 season without being suspended, as the Texans held him out following accusations of sexual misconduct. Though a Texas grand jury didn’t find any enough evidence to charge him on nine criminal counts, there are still 22 civil suits accusing Watson of sexual misconduct pending. Watson posted a Dawg Pound graphic on Instagram to celebrate the trade, writing: “Cleveland LETSSSS GOOOO!!” LeBron James, in response to the news, tweeted: “YESSIR!!!!! #LFG.” His return to Houston will come soon, as the Browns are scheduled to travel to NRG Stadium this coming season. In 2020, Watson’s last full season in the league, he led the NFL in passing yards with 4,823 and threw for 33 touchdowns with just seven interceptions. The Texans, however, faltered, going 4-12 after two straight years of making the playoffs. For the Browns, Watson figures to be a missing piece that could take the franchise back to the postseason — and beyond. The Browns made the playoffs for the first time since 2002 in 2020, losing in the divisional round, but failed to make good on high expectations this past season, going 8-9. At the center of their issues was Mayfield, who had a public fallout with Odell Beckham Jr. — leading the wide receiver to be traded to the Rams — and struggled. This trade seems to leave Mayfield in the same place he was on Thursday night: trying to find a way out of Cleveland as soon as possible. “I have no clue what happens next, which is the meaning behind the silence I have had during the duration of this process,” Mayfield wrote in a statement addressed to the city on Thursday. “I can only control what I can, which is trusting in God’s plan throughout this process. I have given this franchise everything I have. That is something I’ve always done at every stage, and at every level. And that will not change wherever I take my next snap.” The Seahawks and Colts are reportedly potential destinations for Mayfield. Watson walks into a team filled with weapons: running backs Nick Chubbb and Kareem Hunt, receivers Amari Cooper and Donovan Peoples-Jones. Cleveland’s defense was also fifth in total yardage last season. That would seem to add up to a team that, for the first time since the 1980s, will contend to bring the Lombardi Trophy to Cleveland.