An Amazon delivery driver has revealed the three things he wished he knew before signing on to work for the trillion-dollar company. The Arizona-based employee — who uses the social media handle @Revengekkid — took to TikTok last week to share the inside information with curious viewers. It’s unclear how long @Revengekkid has been working with Amazon, but he said in the TikTok video he didn’t initially realize how fast-paced the delivery driver position could be. “They tell you you can walk and chill all day, but really you have to run . . . or at least jog,” he stated, referring to the sheer number of packages he was expected to deliver during a shift. The second piece of inside information similarly referred to the frenetic pace of the position, with @Revengekidd claiming he would never finish on time if he took all of his allotted breaks. “They say you can take breaks during the day  — you get two breaks and a lunch. But they don’t tell you that if you do take your breaks and your lunch, you will not get done in time,” he declared. The third and final detail the driver wished he knew about Amazon was the fact that some of their delivery vans are not equipped with air conditioning. The video racked up thousands of views, prompting @Revengekkid to make a second video with three more tidbits about his position. In that clip, the driver said he wished he knew how much longer it took to deliver packages to apartment buildings as opposed to residential homes. Secure entrances and complicated drop-off instructions inside apartment buildings often slow the delivery process down, he claimed. Secondly, @Revengekidd said that he wished he knew that he was expected to help co-workers complete their delivery runs if he happened to finish his shift early. Finally, he griped about “group stops,” whereby multiple houses close together count as a single delivery. He alleged that the tactic added to the volume of work he was expected to complete. The Post has reached out to Amazon for comment about @Revengekidd’s claims. However, the employee maintains that there are upsides to working with the e-commerce giant. In a separate TikTok clip, he listed three things he enjoys about his Amazon job. The driver said he enjoys the fact that he still gets his full 40 hours of pay per week even if he finishes his delivery runs early and only actually clocks in 32 hours worth of work. Additionally, @Revengekidd declared he likes the independence of the job and the fact that “no one was on his a – -” all day. His third and favorite perk of working with Amazon is VTO — or voluntary time off — where employees can take unpaid time off without any kind of penalty.