The first wave of the NYPD’s new anti-gun units hit the streets Monday — beginning their patrols in multiple neighborhoods heavily plagued by gun violence. About 168 cops from the department’s Neighborhood Safety Teams — a key pillar of Mayor Eric Adams’ crime-fighting plan — are stepping out into 28 areas where shootings have increased during the pandemic. The remaining roughly 300 officers will be added on a rolling basis as they complete their seven-day training, police officials said. “They’re intensively trained in minimal force techniques, advanced tactics, car stops,” Chief of Department Ken Corey said Friday. “De-escalation is essential to all of it, communication skills is a big part of it, courtroom training and as the police commissioner indicated, constitutional policing.” The officers deployed during phase one — which was delayed a few weeks from the previous start date — are patrolling the following areas: Each unit will have one sergeant for every five officers, police sources said. If more than one unit is assigned to a precinct, a lieutenant will oversee them. The new teams are something of a reboot to the department’s controversial anti-crime unit, which was disbanded in 2020, under the last administration. But in stark contrast to the plainclothes anti-crime officers, the cops in the new units will be clearly marked as NYPD officers. They will wear navy blue tactical pants, black boots or shoes with a polo shirt, quarter-zip sweatshirt or Neighborhood Safety vest that has NYPD clearly written on the back and front, along with patches bearing the officer’s name, shield, rank and command, according to a police memo obtained by The Post. Neighborhood Safety cops also have the option of wearing a baseball cap or knit hat with NYPD stitched in white, the memo adds. The officers will patrol in undercover cars, which will ultimately all be equipped with dashboard cameras. Officers assigned to the old anti-crime unit wore street clothes and were only identifiable as police by the badge hanging around their necks or on their belts. That unit had a history of high-profile police-involved shootings and deaths — including the 2014 incident in which a plainclothes cop killed Eric Garner with a chokehold. Some locals had mixed feelings about the new patrols. “What happened to the term ‘undercover?’” said Joseph Burachio, 58, owner of Clearview Cleaners on Hillside Avenue in Hollis, Queens — covered by the 103rd Precinct. “Why are old terms being replaced with new terms that have twice as many syllables?” “I don’t know if this new team will be a good thing but something has to be done,” he added. “Crime rates are elevated. Crazy is elevated. Something needs to change. Juveniles are getting away with murder and people don’t feel safe. Go on the subway and you’re taking your life in your own hands.” Jeff. K, owner of Pawn and Sell on Hillside Avenue, said he’s not a “big fan of overreach” but also noted that crime is on the rise. “I’m torn,” he said. “You don’t want to see people harassed but law enforcement has a very tough job. I don’t envy those guys. It’s all about how they implement it. It’s going to be each individual officer’s behavior.” But Sumiya Nigar, 23, of Hollis, said that he thinks the unit will prove useful in stopping criminals. “That’s kinda cool, that they are starting. They are trying to figure out who’s involved with gun crimes. They need to be stopped. It’s very important,” Nigar said. “The criminals hide the stuff when they see a cop car. And they get caught when they don’t know they’re being followed. I’m glad they are starting to do this here.” A 71-year-old woman who lives in Jamaica and declined to give her name called the move “a good plan.” “These kids are crazy!” she said. “They are shooting people. Crazy kids here. Don’t shoot them but take them off the streets. They need counseling. But take them out of here. They are killing folks.”