The family of a recently-deceased combat veteran suspects his widow had a hand in his demise — and has convinced a judge to temporarily block his widow from cremating or burying his body while they seek an autopsy. Gardy Laguerre, 61, died on March 14 after a lengthy stay at Maimonides Hospital in Brooklyn. But his daughters and nephew say in court papers that he was on the mend when he died under “suspicious circumstances” just a day after a visit from his widow, Dr. Linda Bastien, 50, and her unnamed brother. The brother-in-law was Laguerre’s “worst enemy,” Lionel Simplice, Laguerre’s nephew, told The Post. And his wife “did not want him to recover,” Simplice said in an affidavit. The couple had been contemplating divorce at the time, court papers say. Simplice, 59, demanded an autopsy in a suit filed against Bastien and Maimonides on March 21 in Brooklyn Supreme Court. “Mr. Laguerre’s blood family shares the same worry: Someone may have compromised Mr. Laguerre’s health and is rushing to cover up any evidence,” the suit says. Judge Pamela Fisher agreed to temporarily bar Bastien from burying or cremating Laguerre in a March 24 order, but held off ordering an autopsy — which the wife opposes, the suit says — pending a March 31 conference. “Mr. Laguerre’s blood family and some of his closest friends, have concerns andsuspicions regarding his demise, and all ask for one thing, an independent dissection,” the suit says. Laguerre served 23 years in the Air Force and Army and was deployed to Kuwait and Iraq as part of Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. He retired as a technical sergeant. He became ill with pneumonia on Dec. 31, 2021, according to court papers. Bastien refused to take him to the hospital until Jan. 8, the suit alleges, “in an attempt to reduce Mr. Laguerre’s chances of survival.” She spoke about planning his funeral the very day he was hospitalized, according to court papers. Laguerre was initially treated at the VA hospital in Brooklyn, before he was transferred to Maimonides at the request of Bastien, a family doctor who Simplice alleges is well-connected at the private hospital. After a four-week coma, Laguerre regained consciousness — and stripped Bastien of her right to make his medical decisions, according to court papers. He designated Simplice, who visited him daily or more, as his healthcare proxy, which was also filed in court. Simplice’s attorney, Denis Rose, requested Maimonides perform an autopsy — but the hospital refused, saying it would only be able to honor a request from the wife. The suit claims Bastien has been diagnosed with mental illness and receives medication for it. Her mental condition “wreaked havoc” on their marriage. During manic episodes she would “leave the home at random hours of the night and wander around town,” prompting Laguerre to sleep in front of the door, court papers say. The pair married eight years ago — in a “secret” ceremony his daughters didn’t learn about until Laguerre was hospitalized, they said. She also “restricted his family” from visiting him in the hospital one of his daughters, Deanna Laguerre, 31, said. Laguerre lived with Bastien in an apartment in the Flatlands section. Bastien didn’t return messages. Maimonides declined comment.