Roughly 100 parents and children gathered in front of City Hall Monday to protest continuing mask mandates for the city’s youngest kids. The rally goers said they planned to file a lawsuit that will challenge the ongoing face covering requirement for children age 4 and under. “There is nothing I wouldn’t do to keep my daughters safe, but it is my fervent belief, a belief supported by science, that continuing to mask 2- to 4-year-olds is unnecessary,” said Dr. Megan Martin, who had two children ages 6 and 4. Masking tots hampers their development and must be abandoned, she argued. The policy “does real harm to their educational and social growth,” she said. “And it was the oath I took as a physician to first do no harm that is bringing me here today.” Participants argued that COVID-19 does not pose a significant risk to young kids and that numbers from the American Academy of Pediatrics bolster their argument. The organization found that 0.1% to 1.5% of child COVID cases resulted in hospitalization and 0.00% to 0.01% ended in death. “The fact that we have imposed the highest burden on the kids with the lowest risk is unjustifiable,” said Maud Maron, a Manhattan parent and congressional candidate. Harlem mom Lauren Mapp said early masking is arresting what should be routine educational progress in small children. “I’ve seen firsthand what masking is doing to these kids, especially to my own,” she said. “She’s just learning how to talk and express herself.” Mayor Eric Adams has delicately defended his decision in recent days, arguing that masking is necessary for younger kids because they aren’t yet eligible for vaccines. Hizzoner said he expects the 4-and-under mask mandate to be lifted soon and urged patience from city parents. But the parent of a pre-K in Prospect Heights said there was no scientific basis to keep masking her child. “They are missing out on critical developmental cues with two thirds of their faces covered up,” she said. At PS 41 in the West Village, pre-K parent Jammie Vanderzee said she backed keeping the masks. “Right now there’s really no other solution at this point in time,” she said. “So it’s frustrating, but I feel like they should keep wearing masks until we get the vaccines.” Attorney Michael Chessa, who is filing the case against the city, said he was unwilling to wait for Adams to change the policy on his own. “In this case, we’re saying that these rules or regulations are unconstitutional, and they need to be both prevented from going forward right now,” he said at the rally.