PORT ST. LUCIE — With options on the free-agent starting-pitching market thin, the Mets on Saturday opted for a trade. In another win-now move, the team acquired right-hander Chris Bassitt from the Athletics for pitching prospects J.T. Ginn and Adam Oller, sources confirmed. The move gave the Mets their second new rotation piece, joining Max Scherzer. Bassitt, 33, went 12-4 with a 3.15 ERA in 27 starts last season, which included his first career All-Star appearance. He is entering his final season of arbitration eligibility and can hit free agency after the season. Bassitt will join Scherzer, Jacob deGrom, Taijuan Walker and Carlos Carrasco to give the Mets a formidable, albeit, all right-handed rotation. Left-handed options were removed from the free-agent board in recent days, as Carlos Rodon and Yusei Kikuchi, signed with the Giants and Blue Jays, respectively. David Peterson, a lefty, is returning to the Mets from surgery to repair a broken bone in his foot. Tylor Megill and Trevor Williams are other depth pieces for the rotation. The trade was the first post-lockout move for general manager Billy Eppler — who had a busy November with the signings of Scherzer, Starling Marte, Mark Canha and Eduardo Escobar. The Mets are yet to address the bullpen— which likely could use another proven arm to complement Edwin Diaz, Trevor May, Seth Lugo and Miguel Castro, among others. Bassitt averaged 93.2 mph last season with his four-seam fastball. He relies on location — he ranked in the 88th percentile, according to Baseball Savant — in hard-hit ball percentage. Team president Sandy Alderson had a familiarity with Bassitt from Alderson’s two seasons as a consultant with Oakland following his tenure as Mets general manager. Eppler also saw plenty of Bassitt in the AL West as Angels GM. Bassitt sustained a fracture to his right cheek that required surgery last August when he was struck by a line drive. But he returned after a four-week absence to pitch twice before the season concluded. He allowed only one earned run over 6 ²/₃ innings in those two appearances, both against the Mariners. Ginn was regarded as the Mets’ second-best starting pitching prospect, behind Matt Allan. The right-hander Ginn, a second-round pick from Mississippi State in the 2020 draft, returned last season from Tommy John surgery and started 18 games combined for Low-A St. Lucie and High-A Brooklyn and went 5-5 with a 3.03 ERA. Oller, 27, had a breakout season in 23 starts combined for Double-A Binghamton and Triple-A Syracuse in 2021. Overall, the right-hander went 9-4 with a 3.45 ERA, after returning from a stint pitching in Australia. The Mets added Oller to the 40-man roster after last season. The Mets have trade chips in Jeff McNeil, Dominic Smith and J.D. Davis who could be used in attempting to bolster the bullpen or for prospects to replenish the system. The Mets could also look to add another bat through a trade or free agency. Kyle Schwarber and Kris Bryant are two of the sexiest names available on the free-agent front.