A woman has revealed how she scooped over $9,000 worth of luxury designer goods after buying a lost cargo pallet. Ashley is a full-time mom and eBay seller, and regularly buys returns pallets selling them on for a profit with the help of husband TJ. And their most recent purchase saw the couple, who live in Utah, hit the jackpot sharing the results on Asley’s YouTube channel Hustle at Home Mom. The mom of three bagged a pallet of mystery clothing, most of it new and some of it used for $786 at auction and was amazed by what it contained. Speaking in the recent video, Ashley said: “I’m shook, I think there’s some real gems in here guys, I’m so excited to unpack this.” The designer contents alone was worth of $9,176 including a Fear of God suede jacket costing around $3,932, a $91 Chanel garment bag, a Canada Goose jacket at $1,442 a $524 Louis Vuitton jumper and a $916 Nike jacket. Ashley says: “This was such an insane haul … we truly could not believe everything we were finding. “I have done a lot of liquidation, I have never had something like this happen, in my five years of reselling I don’t think I have ever encountered something like this. “That’s the least I ever spent on a pallet for sure, that’s the least I ever spent on liquidation and I can’t believe all of this was in it. “This is better than Christmas.” Ashley acknowledged that the designer goods could also be replicas and she will go through the process of authenticating them and if she does have any fakes she could end up losing money as they are non-returnable. However, this was not the case, with everything in the pallet being authenticated by professionals though she admits that it will be a while until she earns a profit. “With luxury like this the downside is it takes longer to sell, it’s a little trickier to figure out what to do with it,” Ashley explains. “Super crazy that everything I pulled out of there was indeed authentic.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.