There are two types of people: those who naturally get up early and those who snooze their alarm a dozen times before deciding to wake up. If you fall in the latter category, then we have good news for you: waking up just got that much easier. Thanks to modern-day technology, there are now what many brands call sunrise alarm clocks and wake-up lights to help you naturally start your day. These unique alarm clocks not only allow you to personalize your sleep and wake-up routine to help you naturally rise, but they also help you fall asleep (and stay asleep) so that you wake up refreshed and ready to seize the day. All of that helps support healthy cortisol levels. Many of them double as sound machines as well — creating the perfect atmosphere to wind down after a long day. Ahead, find a list of sunrise alarm clocks at a variety of price points for both adults and kids. Brands include Hatch, Philips and more. Not only does the popular Hatch Restore alarm clock allow you to customize your night and morning routine, but you can also create a mood anytime with a library of soothing sounds, white noise and lighting at your fingertips. Also, relax with a soft-glow reading light without the eye-straining blue hues. Simulate the sunset and sunrise, plus choose between five different, natural wake-up sounds with the Philips SmartSleep Wake-Up Light. For a similar device for more than half the price, consider the Jall Wake Up Light Sunrise Alarm Clock, which is an Amazon Choice product with more than 18,000 reviews. The Winshine Touch Wake Up Night Light allows users to rise naturally in 30 minutes, rather than a traditional alarm that wakes you up instantly. Similarly, when you’re ready to wind down for bedtime, set the light on a 10-, 30- or 60-minute timer that goes from bright light to dark light. This feature is especially great for children adjusting to darkness before bed. The Philips SmartSleep Connected Sleep and Wake-Up Light is another great option that can be completely controlled on a paired app. It features a midnight lamp, FM radio, a phone charging dock, a speaker, auto-dimming display and smart snooze, plus AmbiTrack sensor, which measures your bedroom sleeping environment (temperature, noise, natural light, etc.). If you’re shopping for a little one, this wake-up alarm is a great pick — plus, it’s 50% off for a limited time! The ICODE alarm is a sleep trainer, alarm clock, sound machine, night light and sleep timer rolled into one package. The device will display specific icons to help your child understand when it’s time to wake up or go to sleep. The sun means it’s time to get up or get out of bed, and at night the clock gently glows a moon, so they’ll know it’s time to sleep or stay in bed until the sun shows. The LittleHippo Mella Ready to Rise Children’s Trainer comes in four different colors and has more than 14,000 raving Amazon reviews. Mella uses colors and facial expressions to teach your child when it’s time for bed and time to wake up. A half-hour before it’s time to wake up, it will glow yellow, signaling that it’s almost time to start the day. When Mella turns green, it’s time to wake up! It also features three sleep-sound options and five night-light colors to soothe your child to sleep, plus three gentle alarm settings. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.