This apartment could be on brand for a high-minded buyer with a taste for the old world. Brand designer Owen Coleman — whose decades-long work has touched the likes of Nespresso, Tylenol and Kraft — also had an eye for shaping the look of his New York City home, which has listed for $3.99 million. Not only does the 2,584-square-foot lair come fully renovated, but its listing photos also show a dazzling trove of antiques — and some of them, should the new owner have the same old-world taste, can be included in the sale. Flanking the bar in the living room, two 18th-century French gesso mirrors stand at a floor-to-ceiling height. Close by, two black carved rosewood columns separate the living and dining areas — and date to the 1800s, when British Army generals used them in field tents to decorate formal meetings. And in the master bedroom, the fireplace includes 15th-century forged iron work, plus a mantle made of delicate ancient stone. If these one-of-a-kind gets don’t suit the fancy of the new owner, Coleman will simply have them removed — and take them with him. It took more than a year and half for Coleman to renovate the three-bedroom East Harlem perch, at 1485 Fifth Ave., which is on the 27th floor and includes a roomy terrace. But filling it with drool-worthy decor came over the course of years. He sourced many of his pieces from the Park Avenue Armory’s Winter Show, as well as during world travels. The corner apartment’s bones also look old world, with built-in features including herringbone floors, custom white wood millwork, custom European white wood cabinetry and high ceilings. Additional perks inside include sunrise and sunset views, floor-to-ceiling windows, a kitchen with a Miele cappuccino machine and Carrera marble counters, and a deeded parking space. Building amenities include a gym, a children’s playroom, a 55-foot indoor heated lap pool and a residents’ lounge with a catering kitchen. Michelle Bourgeois and Gina Kuhlenkamp of Sotheby’s International Realty — East Side Manhattan brokerage — have the listing.