Picture this: It’s 2002 and you’re wearing your favorite Juicy Couture tracksuit in front of the television set to watch MTV. “The Osbournes” begins playing. Life is good. Kelly and Sharon Osbourne commemorated the 20-year anniversary of their iconic reality show over the weekend. Kelly, 37, shared snapshots from the show on social media on Saturday, writing: “It was 20 years ago today that #TheOsbournes first aired on @mtv f — I’m old!!! where does the time go?” Her mom Sharon, 69, echoed her daughter’s sentiments, posting a clip from an early episode of the show. Alongside the video, the former “The Talk” co-host said, “20 years ago today…we welcomed your family into our home, thank you all for being the perfect house guests.” “The Osbournes” first hit the MTV airwaves on March 5, 2002, and lasted until March 2005. The series followed the daily lives of Black Sabbath frontman Ozzy Osbourne, 73, his wife Sharon and kids Kelly and Jack, 36, as cameras captured their crazy family antics. The longtime couple also has a 38-year-old daughter Aimee, who refused to participate in the reality show. The series became one of the teen network’s most-watched at the time of its premiere. Sharon and Ozzy’s love story is set to become a biopic and will be released by Sony Pictures. “Our relationship at times was often wild, insane and dangerous but it was our undying love that kept us together,” said Sharon said in a statement last October. “We’re thrilled to partner with Sony Pictures and Polygram to bring our story to the screen.” Jack and Aimee are producing the film via their label Osbourne Media and several songs from Ozzy’s rock band will play a big role in the film. Ozzy and Sharon wedded in 1982 after dating for three years. The pair are also moving their home back to the UK from Los Angeles, after living in the US for two decades. According to the Mirror, the rising taxes in California are the cause of Sharon and Ozzy’s big move. They will be setting up their new pad at Welders House, in Buckinghamshire. The heavy metal rocker told the publication last week, “We are leaving LA. We are a bit sad. But the tax is getting too much. I am sad because I really really like staying and living there.” “If they do the taxes better then I may come back. I do not know,” he continued. “I am taking my recording studio with me. I am going to build a barn there and make my own studio at Welders. I will still be making music and my band will come over.”