This busty beauty is telling fans to be careful what they wish for. Neyleen Ashley — who underwent three boob jobs to attain the “biggest breasts in the US” — now wants her implants removed, claiming they are causing her health problems. The Miami-based model, 33, sports ginormous 1,250 CC implants — the “largest legal implant size available in the US.” But in an interview with Jam Press on Tuesday, Ashley alleged that the heaviness of her huge bust has led to painful migraines and back tension. “I’ve always suffered from horrific migraines but they got worse three years ago [after going under the knife],” the blonde revealed. “Almost every day, my upper shoulders and tendons have a lot of tension and it feels like my shoulders and neck are stretched,” she added. Ashley — who is a mom of two — was last year linked to Kim Kardashian’s ex-husband, Kris Humphries. She has not confirmed the relationship. Ashley boasts more than 2.5 million followers on Instagram, where fans fawn over her eye-popping assets. But while the blonde admits that her breasts are her “money makers,” the pain has now become too much to bear. The implants — which have cost more than $17,500 — also stop the stunning starlet from being able to properly perform her workout routine, and she now wants them gone. “I plan on getting my implants completely removed and doing a fat draft, or just getting a smaller implant instead,” Ashley told Jam Press. “Several doctors have advised me that it will be major surgery, where I will have a lot of scarring and tissue removed,” she further revealed. However, the Miami mama says she will wait until she is done with having children before having the reduction. She is a mom to sons Brody and Jordan, but didn’t disclose how many more kids she plans on having. Meanwhile, Ashley announced her plans on TikTok,  with her video garnering more than 3 million views and mixed reactions. Some amorous fans couldn’t help chiming in with cheeky comments, including one who wrote: “I don’t mind holding them for you, I’m a gentleman.” Others praised Ashley for prioritizing her health and wellness, with a fan responding: “If you want to, get rid of them. It is your health and that’s what matters.”