Taking nude photos is always a no-brainer for OnlyFans model Ruby May. And the 25-year-old stayed devoted to her followers, even when she was forced to undergo brain surgery. May kept it sexy during her hospital sojourn when she was admitted for surgery on March 4, taking NSFW snaps while in recovery for five days and posting a steady stream on her fan page. “I can never bring myself to stop working and I took nudes in the bed in my hospital gown the day after surgery,” she told Jam Press. The Sydney native had been dealing with frequent moments of dizziness and sharp headaches that would go on for about 10 seconds each instance. Once May took a trip to the doctor, she found out she was diagnosed with Chiari malformation, a rare condition that occurs when an area of the skull contorts and puts pressure on the spinal column. The busty brunette has culminated over 421,000 followers on Instagram under the handle @famous4mypersonality and revealed to the outlet that she has made millions on OnlyFans. But her enormous presence on the adult content subscription service has helped pay for her brain surgery. “I think it’s funny because everyone thinks my life is so easy because of OnlyFans,” the influencer said. She stated that her three-hour operation cost her $20,000 AUD (about $14,772 USD) at a private hospital. Despite her misfortune, May is grateful to be alive as she attributes her headaches as a “sign from the universe.” She then decided to go for an MRI to figure out the cause of her pain. “I wouldn’t have thought anything of it [the headaches] but I had two friends who had brain surgery within the same year,” she continued. May was advised by her medical team that if she didn’t have surgery, she could become paralyzed. While she was initially nervous to go under the knife, she admitted “it was really scary waking up in the ICU where I had to stay.” “I was being checked on every hour to make sure I didn’t have any brain damage,” she added. “I had to have a catheter in for 24 hours and couldn’t lift my head properly for a while.” “I’ve been in a lot of pain but it’s all going to get better from here and I will hopefully not have any ongoing issues with it,” May said. “It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to go through, but I’m so grateful I have my job with the money and flexibility to get through it.” May explained that her fans were “mostly concerned” for her well-being and she’s “close” with them — almost like they’re her “friends.” “They loved the nudes but they told me I needed to take a break from working. It doesn’t feel like work when you love your job,” May noted. On March 8, social media star shared a health update with her fans and thanked them for their well wishes. May scribed, “Thank u for all the well wishes and visits ily grateful for friends, grateful for healthcare are grateful for the 83 year old lady who kept me entertained by exercising when she was supposed to be on bed rest xx.”