Camilla Parker Bowles, a k a the Duchess of Cornwall, has met her on-screen match in what could have been a dodgy moment. The “Queen Consort” hopeful, 74, came face to face with Emerald Fennell — the actress who played Parker-Bowles in Seasons 3 and 4 of Netflix’s “The Crown” — at a reception to celebrate International Women’s Day on Tuesday. Luckily, there seemed to be no hard feelings and they were both chuffed about the royal run-in. “I was nervous I might be thrown in the Tower — but so far, so good,” the 36-year-old Oscar winner joked at the Clarence House event. “[Camilla] has been in the spotlight for a long time and has always weathered it with grace.” The duchess also gushed over the “Promising Young Woman” director and writer in a speech during the bash. “For me, it’s very reassuring to know that if I should fall off my perch at any moment, my fictional alter ego is here to take over,” Parker-Bowles said with good humor. “So, Emerald — be prepared!” “It was particularly nice to meet her today on International Women’s Day because, you know, she does so much for so many particularly female charities,” Fennell told journalist Georgie Prodromou at the party. Actress Olivia Williams will take over the role of an older Camilla for Seasons 5 and 6 of “The Crown.” The last two installments will chronicle the late 1990s and early 2000s of the royal family’s decadeslong tenure. The set of the streaming service’s popular drama had a bit of bad luck last month when about $200,000 worth of prop gemstones, silverware and antiques were taken during filming. One item that thieves jacked was a replica of a rare Fabergé egg that belonged to Queen Elizabeth II’s grandfather, George V, in 1933. Candelabra, jewelry, a grandfather clock and a birdcage were also among the pilfered goods. Other cast members joining “The Crown” as older versions of the royals include Dominic West as the Prince of Wales, Imelda Staunton as Queen Elizabeth II, Jonathan Pryce portraying Prince Philip and Lesley Manville as Princess Margaret. Elizabeth Debicki is transforming into Princess Diana. Turns out, some members of the royal family are avid watchers of Peter Morgan’s iconic series. According to Hello! magazine, the Queen’s youngest son, the Earl of Wessex, Prince Edward, and his wife, Sophie, are big fans. “It has been a longstanding arrangement that they drive to Windsor at the weekend to join the Queen for an informal supper while watching TV or a film,” an insider revealed in 2017. “They have a Netflix account and urged her to watch it with them. Happily, she really liked it, although obviously there were some depictions of events that she found too heavily dramatized.”