The Ukrainian mother killed alongside her two children in a Kyiv suburb on Sunday has been identified as Tatiana Perebeynos — an IT worker who didn’t flee sooner because she was caring for her ailing mother. Perebeynos, her two children Alise and Nikita, and a man they were traveling with were killed when Russian forces indiscriminately fired at them as they were fleeing Irpin. The image of the family laying dead on the pavement caught the world’s attention, and Ukrainian President Vlodymyer Zelensky vowed to hunt down and kill “every bastard” responsible for their deaths. Mikita Mikado, an investor in the startup SE Ranking where Perebeynos worked, posted the image on Facebook Sunday and confirmed her death. “Unfortunately, her family could not leave Irpen earlier because of her sick mother,” he wrote in a post commemorating the late mother and urging his followers to donate to recovery efforts in Ukraine. “We are devastated to say that yesterday our dear colleague and friend Tatiana Perebeinis, the chief accountant of SE Ranking, was killed together with her two kids by russian mortar artillery,” SE Ranking wrote on Facebook Monday. “There are no words to describe our grief or to mend our pain. But for us, it is crucial to not let Tania and her kids Alise and Nikita remain just statistics. Her family became the victim of the unprovoked fire on civilians, which under any law is a crime against humanity,” it continued. “The Russian army are criminals, and they should be stopped. Our hearts are broken. Our prayers are for all Ukrainians, who are fighting for their right to exist.” Zelensky spoke about Perebeynos and her two children in an address Sunday. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. “We will punish everyone who committed atrocities in this war. On our land. We will find every bastard. Which shot at our cities, our people. Which bombed our land. Which launched rockets. Which gave the order and pressed ‘start,’” he continued. “There will be no quiet place on this Earth for you. Except for the grave.”