Elizabeth Benn was on a baseball operations call with her new colleagues in the Mets’ front office Tuesday when reality began to set in. “Yes, I was trying to understand it from a professional environment, but I was also just nerding out the whole time thinking, ‘Wow this is so cool that this is my job,’ ” Benn, the Mets’ new director of major league operations, said Wednesday on SNY. “How they talk about players was just fascinating to me. I learned a lot in that hour-long call just by getting to listen to these guys talk.” The Mets on Monday announced the addition of Benn to their baseball operations staff, making her the department’s highest-ranking female in the franchise history. Benn joined the Mets from Major League Baseball, where she spent the past five years — most recently as the senior coordinator of baseball operations. She said her main responsibilities will be roster construction, management and transactions while working with general manager Billy Eppler, his three assistant GMs (Bryn Alderson, Ian Levin and Ben Zauzmer) and the rest of the baseball operations staff. “In addition to that, anything related to the major league players and staff,” Benn said. “So the major league payroll I will be working on, contracts of the coaches, performance staff, things related to clubhouse and travel. So really anything that is involved with the major league players I will be working on.” Benn, who was raised as a Yankees fan in Toronto — her mother is from Jersey City — said she looked up to Yankees assistant GM Jean Afterman and Marlins GM Kim Ng (whom she worked with at MLB) as women in baseball who came before her. “I know that people are looking up to me and watching what I do, so I want to do the best job possible,” Benn said. “That’s not necessarily because of my gender or the fact that I’m the first in this role with the Mets, but it’s just the way that I generally like to work. Now, Benn — a former pitcher who became the first woman to play in the New York City Metro Baseball League — will be blazing her own path as a member of the Mets’ front office. “I was thinking for a while that I would consider at some point moving to a club from the commissioner’s office,” Benn said. “I didn’t think that would happen yet, but this opportunity presented itself and really, every single box was checked that I would want going to a club. Speaking to Billy Eppler initially, I couldn’t imagine a better GM to work under and his leadership is incredible. It’s just been a really great team and front office to come into right now. So I’m absolutely thrilled to be coming into this.”