Companies have taken action to limit, put on hold or exit business activities in Russia following a wave of sanctions imposed after Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. Below is a list of companies that have announced plans to exit Russia or to curb activities there: Hollywood studios Disney, Warner Bros, and Sony Pictures Entertainment suspended new film releases in Russia. Adidas has suspended its partnership with the Russian Football Union with immediate effect. Nike has made merchandise purchases on its website and app unavailable in Russia as it cannot guarantee delivery. Puma has stopped deliveries to Russia although its 100 stores in the country are open. H&M, the world’s second-biggest fashion retailer, has temporarily suspended all its sales in Russia. Apple paused all product sales in Russia. Alphabet’s Google has blocked mobile apps connected to Russian broadcasters RT and Sputnik, after earlier removing Russian state publishers from news-related features. Microsoft said it would remove state-owned RT’s mobile apps from the Windows App store and ban advertisements on Russian state-sponsored media. Laptop maker Dell Technologies said it had suspended product sales in Ukraine and Russia. Mercedes-Benz is looking to divest its 15% stake in Kamaz as soon as possible. General Motors and Sweden’s Volvo Cars have suspended vehicle exports to Russia until further notice. Japan’s Mitsubishi said it may suspend production and the sale of its cars in Russia. Harley-Davidson said it had suspended its business and shipments of bikes to Russia. Ford suspended operations in Russia until further notice. British luxury carmakers Jaguar Land Rover and Aston Martin have paused vehicle shipments to Russia. Germany’s BMW has halted the export of cars to Russia and said it would stop production there. Honda said it has suspended automobile and motorcycle exports to Russia. Japan’s Mazda will suspend exports of auto parts to its Russian plant, Nikkei reported on Tuesday. Boeing suspended parts, maintenance and technical support for Russian airlines. Airbus stopped sending spare parts to Russia and supporting Russian airlines, but is analyzing whether its Moscow engineering center can continue to serve local customers. France’s TotalEnergies said it would no longer provide capital for new projects in Russia. BP is abandoning its 19.75% stake in Russian oil giant Rosneft, while Shell said it would exit all its Russian operations. Exxon Mobil will exit Russian oil and gas operations that it has valued at more than $4 billion. Italian energy group Eni plans to sell its stake in a pipeline carrying Russian gas to Turkey. German turbine maker Siemens Energy suspended new business in Russia. Global commodities trader Trafigura said it has frozen investments in Russia and is reviewing its 10% stake in Rosneft’s Vostok Oil project in the Arctic. Swedish engineering group Sandvik is suspending its operations in Russia, while peer Atlas Copco halted all deliveries to the country. Finnish engineering group Metso Outotec has temporarily ceased deliveries to Russia. Norsk Hydro will not enter into new contracts linked to Russian producers until further notice and is looking at potentially freezing existing commercial relations. Siemens suspended all new business and international deliveries to Russia but will continue local service and maintenance activities in compliance with the sanctions, a company spokesperson confirmed. UPS and FedEx are halting delivery services to Russia and Ukraine. Shipping group Maersk will temporarily halt all container shipping to and from Russia. Deutsche Post has stopped DHL deliveries to Russia. German shipping company Hapag Lloyd has suspended bookings for Russia and halted sailings for Ukraine. Shipping company MSC has stopped bookings to and from Russia but will still accept food and humanitarian cargoes. Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson is suspending deliveries to Russia. Nokia will stop deliveries to Russia to comply with sanctions.