Whoopi Goldberg is Academy Awards royalty, having hosted the telecast four times and winning an Oscar herself. And so naturally, she had a few thoughts about Will Smith’s infamous Chris Rock slap at Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony at the Dolby Theatre. Goldberg, 66, discussed the event on “The View” Monday with her co-hosts Sunny Hostin, Joy Behar and Ana Navarro. “I think he overreacted,” Goldberg said, referring to Rock’s controversial joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s bald hairstyle. The “Ghost” actress continued, “I would’ve been a little annoyed. I think he had one of those moments where it was just like, ‘G-D it. Just stop.’ And you’ve got all the pressure of hoping that you’re going to win and trying to keep your face.” Goldberg also noted, “I get it. Not everybody acts the way we would like them to under pressure. Some people just snap. He snapped. What I do want to say was that it was remarkable, wonderful, that Chris Rock did not take it to that other place it could’ve gone. I don’t know if they spoke or apologized or not. All I know is sometimes you get to a point where you behave badly. I myself have behaved badly on occasion.” There has been talk in recent hours following the bombshell moment yesterday that the Academy might snatch back Smith’s award. The “Miami” singer won the award for Best Actor on Sunday for his role in the tennis drama “King Richard.” Goldberg is on the board of governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences who was re-elected in 2020 to the academy’s Actors branch. She stated during the talk show that the organization won’t rescind the award from Smith. “We’re not going to take that Oscar from him,” she said. “We’re not going to take it. Well, there will be consequences, I’m sure. But I don’t think that that’s what they’ll be. Particularly because Chris said, ‘Listen, I’m not pressing any charges.’” Hostin chimed in and said she was shocked that backstage handlers didn’t escort the “Pursuit of Happyness” actor out of the theater following the incident. She was also surprised that Smith was given ample time for his acceptance speech. Rock referred to Pinkett Smith, 50, as “G.I. Jane” during the ceremony while presenting Best Documentary, referencing her baldness. The “Gotham” star’s look is the result of an autoimmune disease called alopecia, which causes hair loss. “Will Smith just smacked the s–t out of me,” Rock said to the audience following the incident. “Keep my wife’s name out your f—king mouth,” Smith shouted back to Rock from his seat.