Your iPhone is packed with tricks that you might not have known about. Apple has buried hidden features inside iMessage, Safari and even the Calculator app. You could use an iPhone for years and still not learn all of its secrets. Thankfully, TikTok creator @letsdodiz has shared five clever iPhone hacks that everyone Apple fan should know. The video has racked up more than 50,000 likes, so it’s clearly popular. The first trick is to do with iMessage. If a chat is giving you too many notifications, you can hide alerts. Simply go to the main chat feed and then hold down on the chat you want to mute, and click Hide Alerts. The second trick works similarly, using the same method to pin chats. This lets you keep your favourite conversations locked to the top of iMessage at all times. The third trick is a Safari hack. Start typing in a web address, then hold down on the full stop icon. This will bring up a range of common domain name finishers, like .com or .net. It’s a quick way to complete your web address. The fourth trick is hidden inside Apple’s Calendar app. If you’ve made a mistake, you don’t need to delete everything and start again. You can use your finger and make swiping motions to remove individual digits. The fifth trick is using a little-known Apple app called Measure. Find it by dragging down from the top of the screen, and then searching for Measure. This app lets you measure objects without a measuring tape. It works best on recent iPhone models that have depth-scanning sensors. The app also has a built-in spirit level, so it’s a DIY dream come true. And here’s one of our own… Your iPhone is loaded with a handy tool that allows you to quickly load the content of a menu or newspaper onto your mobile instantly. Make sure you’re updated to the latest version of iOS first – go to Settings > General > Software Update to check. Live Text allows you to point your iPhone camera at a real world object and quickly copy and paste text on it onto your handset. It could help you capture notes on a whiteboard at the end of a meeting or school class, or copy down a handwritten note of a family recipe. Grab an object with text you want to scan and open the Camera app on your iPhone. Point the camera at the object and then tap the indicator that appears in the lower right of your display. It looks like lines of text surrounded by a box. When you tap it, the text jumps out on your display and you’re given the option, to copy, select, looks up, translate or share it. You can copy and paste it into an email or Note, for instance, or share it with a friend over WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger. You can also use Live Text on photos already in your photo library. Simply open a photo in the gallery app and tap and hold on a piece of text in the picture to select and highlight it. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.