Harry’s having a house party! The British star finally announced his highly anticipated third studio album, “Harry’s House,” which is set to be released on May 20. Styles, 28, confirmed the news in a tweet on Wednesday afternoon with a photo of himself standing on the ceiling of an upside-down living room. The music star and fashion icon stares with a perplexed expression at the ground of the minimalistic living room in gaucho blue jeans and white collared babydoll top. The tweet earned half a million likes within two hours as fans showed their excitement. The former One Direction star also teased fans with a 40-second promo clip. In the video, Styles walks out onto a stage in the same outfit he wears in the album art and slyly smiles into the camera as a yellow cut out of a house is lifted up around him. “Harry’s House” will have 13 tracks, according to Billboard, which is more than his previous two albums and sure to send Stylers into a frenzy. It will be the third album he has released since leaving One Direction in 2016. The announcement comes after the popular celebrity gossip account Deuxmoi shared news of a potential album release and stadium tour announcement from the singer. Hardcore fans had also discovered a mysterious website YouAreHome.co which pulls up a cream-colored door that opens to show a different picture every day. The picture from Styles’ album art was on the site on Wednesday and linked to the 40-second trailer once the news was announced. The different images that have appeared from behind the door seem to correlate to different books or themes, Billboard reported. The first door on March 19 displayed the cover of Ralph Waldo Emerson’s “Nature and Selected Essays.” The next day fans were shown the sheets on the cover of Haruki Murakami’s “The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle”. On the third day, the door opened to a photo of planet Earth, and the next revealed Cavallini’s mushroom puzzle. Both of Styles’ previous albums “Harry Styles” and “Fine Line” were met with praise, nominated for several awards and lead to tours that sold out in seconds. Riding off the high of continued success, Harry’s welcoming fans home for a third run.