Russell Wilson to the Broncos, Deshaun Watson to the Browns, Carson Wentz to the Commanders, Matt Ryan to the Colts. There has been one blockbuster quarterback deal after another this NFL offseason. Where does that leave Jimmy Garoppolo? The possibility that Garoppolo will remain with the 49ers for another season seems more likely as the quarterback market continues to thin by the day. It’s a prospect that would have been surprising two months ago. Following the conclusion of this past season, the 30-year-old was near the top of the list of quarterbacks expected to be on the move. Then he underwent surgery on March 8 to repair the capsule in his throwing shoulder and eight days later his no-trade clause with San Francisco expired — the same day the trade market opened. The Broncos acquired Wilson from Seattle, just hours after Aaron Rodgers’ decision to stay with the Packers ended a weeks-long guessing game about his future. The Commanders landed Wentz in a trade with the Colts, reportedly choosing him over Garoppolo due to questions about Garoppolo’s timeline after surgery. At one point, the Steelers seemed like a good fit for Garoppolo, who has made it clear he wants to play for a winning team if he is moved. But Pittsburgh moved forward with signing Mitchell Trubisky to a two-year contract. After the Colts traded Wentz to the Commanders, it was reported that Indianapolis was in the mix for Garoppolo. But they instead pursued Ryan after Atlanta failed to land Watson. The Falcons signed Marcus Mariota as Ryan’s replacement. Watson was dealt from the Texans to the Browns and that led to the Saints, also in the mix for Watson, to re-sign Jameis Winston. Those moves have made the 49ers’ search for a destination for Garoppolo more difficult, though all hope isn’t lost if Garoppolo wants to play for another team. The Seahawks and Panthers are still on the hunt for a quarterback, though both could be in pursuit of Baker Mayfield, whose divorce from Cleveland is just a matter of time after  they signed Watson. The Texans, who were led last season by Davis Mills while Watson sat out, might also be looking for a quarterback. After Garoppolo’s season ended in a loss to the Rams in the NFC Championship game, the quarterback addressed his playing future and said he and 49ers general manager John Lynch had talked “about finding the right destination” for the 2022 season. But according to ESPN NFL insider Adam Schefter, “it’s not a lock” that the 49ers will trade Garoppolo, whose $137.5 million contract expires at the end of 2022. Lynch also said the 49ers have budgeted for the possibility that Garoppolo remains on the roster next season. Last season, Garoppolo threw for 3,810 yards and 20 touchdowns with 12 interceptions and posted a 98.7 quarterback rating. Trading Garoppolo, though, would free up $25.5 million in cap space and and open the door for the 49ers to hand over the reigns to its second-year quarterback Trey Lance, who they drafted third overall last April. He appeared in six games, starting two of them, and and threw five touchdowns, rushed for another, and had two interceptions. As for Garoppolo, he is reportedly expected to be back throwing at full strength by late June or early July, barring any setbacks in his recovery. But the procedure has reportedly raised concerns from other teams about the quarterback’s offseason and the 2022 season.