The failure to understand how a bracket pool’s scoring system should influence pick strategy might be the biggest mistake that unskilled bracket pickers make. If you want to win your March Madness 2022 bracket pool, the first thing you need to do is understand the rules. To start things off, let’s forget about bracket pools for a minute and think about another game: college basketball. Even if you’re clueless about NCAA bracket strategy, you probably know that in college hoops, a made shot is worth two points and a free throw is worth one. The one exception is a made shot from behind the 3-point line, which is worth 50 percent more. Now let’s think about the strategic implications of that scoring system. Here’s one: If the defense leaves you wide open and you willingly take a shot from 2 inches inside the 3-point line, you’re a numbskull. Compared to stepping just a few inches back, you’re taking a similar risk of missing the shot, but the reward is much lower. To get an edge in your 2022 bracket contests, you need to analyze the game in similar ways. The traditional bracket pool scoring system awards the following number of points for a correct pick in each successive round: 1-2-4-8-16-32. The primary implication of that system is that the highest leverage picks come in the later rounds. Even though each round offers the same amount of points available to score (32), the distribution of possible outcomes becomes more extreme in the later rounds. Consequently, how your bracket performs in the Final Four games and beyond will almost certainly have a bigger impact on determining whether you win the pool, compared to your performance in early-round games. Consider the first round, which consists of 32 games each worth one point. With that many games to pick, the law of large numbers begins to kick in, meaning that it’s all but impossible to get all 32 picks right (or wrong). At the end of the round, most players will have gotten most picks right, with a few especially good and bad outliers mixed in thanks to luck.  As a result, the difference between a relatively great first round and a relatively terrible first round is likely to be decided by a handful of points. When the dust settles, Great Aunt Bev’s 26 correct picks might put her near the top of your pool standings, while your picks missing four more games and scoring only 22 points land you nearer to the bottom. In absolute terms, though, that’s a difference of only four points. In comparison, Final Four picks in the traditional scoring system are worth eight points each. Get just one more Final Four pick correct than Great Aunt Bev does, and you’ve more than erased the setback of your bad first round. Get two more Final Four picks right than she does, and you’re now plus-16 on her for the round. That’s a potentially insurmountable difference with only three games left to play. Granted, getting two more Final Four picks right than one of your opponents isn’t easy. But it’s a far more realistic outcome than scoring 16 more points than they do in the first round. In the 1-2-4-8-16-32 bracket pool scoring system, you’re probably not going to win your pool unless you make some late-round picks that come through, no matter how you perform in the first round. So in the limited amount of time between Selection Sunday and the start of the 64-team bracket on Thursday, focus on optimizing your picks for the final few rounds. Agonizing over first-round upset picks may be fun, but in terms of impacting your odds to win your pool, it’s almost certainly a waste of time.