We all know the importance of investing in a good mattress, but what about your pillow? If you’re like most people, you haven’t replaced your pillows in, well… let’s just say a long time. And you probably don’t realize how much bacteria it could be harboring right below your pillowcase. If you can’t remember the last time you purchased a new pillow, you’re in luck. You’ll fall in love with the CarbonIce: 7-in-1 Bacteria Protection & Cooling Pillow, which fights bacteria and keeps you cool at night. And right now you can score one for $69.99, 30% off the usual price.  The CarbonIce Pillow is the ultimate multi-tasker. It’s the only 7-in-1 pillow that features Activ-Air Technology that helps to keep you cool all night long, enhancing breathability as you get a good night’s sleep. It utilizes three different air flow cells — small air cells that help the pillow keep its structure, medium air cells around the head to reduce sweating, and large air cells underneath the head to help with breathing. And cooling gel foam aids in keeping things at a comfortable temperature all through the night. Aside from regulating temperature, it also provides options for firmness, thanks to its Dual Memo Density Foam Tech. If you love a firm pillow, the black side gives firm support. If you’re a fan of a softer feel, the blue side cradles your head, neck, and shoulders softly. Though we don’t think about the germs associated with sleeping, the CarbonIce takes an active stance in preventing them. The Carbon Bamboo Charcoal helps absorb toxins, prevents mold and bacterial growth, and purifies the air around it by absorbing the stinky odors and moisture that might creep up over night. And the Copper-infused Inner Cover helps prevent the growth and spread of bacteria in its tracks. You’ll quickly see why the CarbonIce was successfully funded on both Kickstarter and Indiegogo! Toss your dirty old pillow and get this comfortable, cleaner option for better sleep night after night for just $69.99 for a limited time. Prices subject to change. 