Ukrainian forces have retaken control of parts of the key port city of Kherson, the Pentagon said Friday — as the Kremlin appeared forced to change strategy after failing to capture Kyiv. “Kherson is contested territory again,” a senior US defense official said, claiming Russian forces no longer control the area and Ukrainians were continuing to wage a fierce fight there. Kherson, which sits at the mouth of the Dnieper River that bisects Ukraine and is directly north of the Crimean peninsula annexed by Russia in 2014, was the first and only major population center that had been taken by Russian forces since the start of the invasion last month. The city has been the site of regular protests against Russian forces, who dispersed protestors with live rounds earlier this week. The Kremlin denied that it had lost control of Kherson, with Russian Col. Gen. Sergey Rudskoy claiming Friday, “Kherson and most of the Zaporozhye region are under full control,” according to state-run news outlet Sputnik. But Rudskoy added that Russia is now considering limiting its invasion — which Rudskoy called a “special operation” — to the Donbas region in the east, where Kremlin-backed separatists have been fighting against Ukraine since 2014. “The combat potential of the Armed Forces of Ukraine has been considerably reduced, which … makes it possible to focus our core efforts on achieving the main goal, the liberation of Donbas,” Rudskoy claimed in a speech Friday, ignoring reports of Ukrainian victories and Russian losses. “Our forces and resources will be concentrated on the main thing – the complete liberation of Donbas,” he said. The Pentagon acknowledged the Russian about-face Friday. “This is a relatively new decision by the Russians” a senior US defense official said. The news came as: The Ukrainian advance on Kherson comes after successful Ukrainian counterattacks in the north also retook a handful of Kyiv suburbs and disrupted supply lines crucial to Russian designs on the Ukrainian capital. “Clearly they overestimated their ability to take Kyiv … to take any population center,” the senior defense official said of the Russians. Ukrainian forces also destroyed a large Russian landing ship Thursday in the port city of Berdyansk, too, reportedly disrupting efforts by Moscow to resupply its flagging troops. As Russian morale continues to sink, a Russian brigade commander was reportedly killed, deliberately, by his own troops after his unit suffered massive losses in Ukraine, a Western official said Friday. Reported to be “Colonel Medvechek, commander of 37 Motor Rifle Brigade,” the officer could likely be the same higher-up who was reported run over by a tank under his command and wounded on Thursday. With Post wires