Russian forces bombed a Mariupol art school where hundreds of civilians were taking cover, Ukraine said Sunday — as President Volodymyr Zelensky warned the terror faced in the battered port city will be “remembered for centuries to come.” The building was destroyed, and there were victims still under the rubble from the Saturday attack, the city council said. There was no immediate word on casualties at the makeshift shelter, where about 400 people had fled to amid Russia’s devastating bombardment of the city. The strike marked the second time in less than a week that there was an attack on a public building where Mariupol residents had taken shelter. A bomb also struck a local theater where more than 1,000 people, including children, were believed to be sheltering Wednesday. “To do this to a peaceful city … is a terror that will be remembered for centuries to come,” Zelensky said in a late-night broadcast Saturday.  “The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences for it.” But Zelensky said Sunday he is still “ready” for negotiations with Russian President Vladimir Putin to try to bring an end to more than three weeks of fighting. “I was ready for the last two years. And without negotiations we cannot end this war,” Zelensky told CNN. “All the people who think that this dialogue is shallow and that it is not going to resolve anything, they just don’t understand that this is very valuable. If there is just 1 percent  chance for us to stop this war, we need to take this chance, we need to do that.” Local officials in Mariupol said over the weekend that thousands of Ukrainians have been seized by force and taken across the border to Russia. “Over the past week, several thousand Mariupol residents were deported onto the Russian territory,” the city council said in a statement on its Telegram channel late  Saturday. Meanwhile, air-raid sirens could be heard across Ukrainian cities Sunday as Russian forces said cruise missiles were launched from ships in the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Hypersonic missiles, which travel faster than five times the speed of sound, were also deployed from Crimean airspace for the first time Saturday, Russia’s Interfax news agency reported. Ukraine Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said seven humanitarian corridors would open Sunday to allow civilians to flee the fighting. More than 3.4 million Ukrainians have fled the war-torn region since the fighting began Feb. 24, with a majority of around 2 million seeking safety in Poland, according to estimates from the United Nations. The UN has also have confirmed more than 847 civilian deaths since the war began, though it suggests the toll is likely much higher. With Post Wires