Police are hunting for a suspected serial shooter who has opened fire on two homeless people in Soho Saturday, killing one of them, sources said. One of the chillingly “cold-blooded” shootings was caught on camera, and city leaders urged the community to come together and help find the detached killer. “Homelessness turning into a homicide. We need to find this person and we need New Yorkers to help us,” Mayor Eric Adams said at a Saturday night press conference. The sinister spree began at 5 a.m., when a sleeping 38-year-old man was shot in front of 54 King St. by the unknown assailant, police said. “The victim woke up … screaming: ‘What are you doing?,’” NYPD Deputy Chief Hank Saunter said. That victim was expected to survive his injuries, according to police. About an hour later the shooter casually approached a man braving frigid temperatures and a winter storm in a green sleeping bag in front of 148 Lafayette Street, according to police surveillance video. The suspect kicked the sleeping man, looked around to see if anyone was watching, then pulled out a gun and shot him at point-blank range in the head, the disturbing footage showed. The victim died, and the hooded killer, wearing all black with blue gloves, fled the scene, police said. His bullet-riddled body was found still in his sleeping bag 12 hours later, they said. “I believe [that’s what] makes this case so horrific, watching the video, watching the individual intentionally walk up to innocent people that are dealing with the challenges of homelessness – and it’s quite possible that one of our citizens is still alive merely because he woke up,” Adams said. “And I’m here today to send a very clear message, that all New Yorkers matter.” Police were said to be canvassing the fashionable Manhattan neighborhood to see if any other people without homes were targeted by the deranged killer. “I wouldn’t be surprised if there are more, and we don’t know yet,” one investigator said. “It’s ‘American Psycho,’” another source said, referencing the 1991 Bret Easton Ellis novel-turned-movie that featured a deranged Wall Street banker who frequented Soho clubs and killed homeless people and prostitutes for fun.