The Long Island socialite accused of fatally shoving an 87-year-old voice coach has “a simmering rage” and is known for “screaming” at people, a neighbor told The Post Sunday. “Everybody in the building knows to avoid her,” the 38-year-old neighbor said of Lauren Pazienza, who is facing manslaughter and assault charges in the death of Barbara Maier Gustern in Chelsea. “You hear screaming fights between her and her fiance,” he said. “You would never hear the fiance. You would just hear her screaming.” The man, who did not want to be named, lives at the same upscale Astoria apartment building as Pazienza and her fiance Naveen Pereira. “I’ve never seen anything physical in the building but she screams at people,” he continued. “She’ll yell at toddlers for being toddlers, and not knowing how to walk properly and stuff like that. “There’s like a simmering rage that people have experienced,” he added. The neighbor described Pazienza, 26, as “a very angry person” and “somebody who really does not process the fact that other people have feelings and consideration and doesn’t process the fact that there’s a world outside herself.” Pazienza grew up in luxury on Long Island, the pampered scion of a successful cesspool empire and described by one former classmate as “the poster child for white privilege.” The fiery redhead is accused of shoving Gustern from behind after calling her “bitch” in an unprovoked attack on March 10, then walking away — even watching as an ambulance arrived to take the elderly victim to the hospital. Gustern, whose former students included Blondie singer Debby Harry, died days later. Services for Gustern were held Saturday. Pazienza fled to her parents’ Long Island estate before turning herself in last week. She spent a couple days on Rikers Island before she was released on $500,000 cash or $1 million bond posted by her parents Friday. One of the alleged terror’s former classmates at Ward Melville High School in East Setauket described her as “a basket case in disguise.” “She was one of the crazy kids in school,” Trey Siemers told The Post Sunday. “She had an attitude. She definitely had an attitude like she was rich, she was untouchable.” He said he heard about the fatal shove right after it happened. “I heard that the day it happened, and I said to myself, she would,” he said. “She would do that because she kind of had a covered-up anger issue.” Her present-day Astoria neighbor said her rage extended beyond her fiance and toddlers. “We have the cars that will drive up and down the block with the mufflers taken out, and she will sit on her balcony and scream at them,” he said. “She’s as much of a noise nuisance as they are, and it’s not like they can hear her. “She’s very clearly not well-adjusted, let’s put it that way,” he said.