In the 1950s, Sen. Joe McCarthy infamously abused his investigatory powers against private citizens. Today, Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s Jan. 6 committee is seeking to do the same, with an unprecedented attempt to seize private information from political opponents. The House select committee, which Pelosi formed without a single Republican-appointed member, is on an unchecked, partisan fishing expedition more about bludgeoning the GOP and its supporters before the midterm elections than investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot. Having run out of grandmothers to subpoena about out-of-state activities completely unrelated to that day — serving as a contingent elector, something Democrats themselves have done in the past — Pelosi’s sham committee has issued a subpoena that threatens the First Amendment rights of millions of Americans. The subpoena’s scope is breathtaking. It demands Salesforce, a leading digital and data vendor the RNC and other prominent organizations widely use, turn over all RNC data metrics, analytics and related information in its possession from a several-month period, regardless of whether that information is relevant to investigating Jan. 6. This isn’t simple, top-level information, like how many people opened a particular e-mail. It would give the committee unfettered access to sensitive and proprietary RNC data that would reveal both the RNC’s trade secrets and the personal information of millions of its supporters. The committee says it needs Salesforce’s info “to help investigators understand the impact of false, inflammatory messages in the weeks before January 6th, the flow of funds, and whether contributions were actually directed to the purpose indicated.” But the RNC’s internal political data and campaign strategies have nothing to do with investigating the attack on the Capitol. Pelosi is attempting to undermine the RNC for political gain. This isn’t an investigation; it’s industrial espionage. Never mind that the RNC repeatedly has condemned the violence that took place on Jan. 6 or that the RNC itself was targeted that day when a bomb was placed outside its Washington headquarters. This subpoena is not about Jan. 6; it’s about the political party in power doing whatever it can to keep the minority party from winning in November, as it’s projected to do. This chilling attack on the First and Fourth amendments also exceeds Congress’ limited subpoena power. The Supreme Court consistently has held that a congressional subpoena must be rooted in a legislative purpose rather than law enforcement. Even The New York Times reports that the committee “is employing techniques more common in criminal cases than in congressional inquiries.” There is no good-faith legislative goal here, and there is nothing forward-looking about the committee’s efforts to seize confidential information about the RNC’s political strategies and the private data of tens of millions of Americans. This attempted abuse of power should concern every American. If successful, this gross overreach would establish a new standard for political warfare: The party in power can drop all regard for the separation of powers and order forced seizures of the opposition’s data, analytics, strategies and communications. Where would it end? If Democrats can subpoena Salesforce for digital data on millions of Americans, what’s stopping them from subpoenaing credit-card companies for your financial information that could help Democratic fundraising? What’s stopping powerful politicians from subpoenaing a tech company for your personal data to better aid their targeted get-out-the vote programs? If the Jan. 6 committee has its way, the party controlling Congress would only need to make a passing reference to considering future legislation to justify this type of abuse. There are lines we cannot cross if we want our system to survive. This is one of them. Congressional Democrats are trying to rewrite the rules of political engagement just months before they lose power. The RNC has sued to stop them. But the biggest losers, if Democrats win, would be the millions of Americans whose free speech and freedom of association would be tossed aside because Nancy Pelosi and her committee feel they have scores to settle. We won’t let that happen. Ronna McDaniel is chairwoman of the Republican National Committee.