If there’s a garment that’s versatile, classic and fit for the warmer months, it’s the unbeatable white dress. Though commonly worn to graduation ceremonies and bridal showers, we can’t get over how ruffled hems, sweetheart necklines and smock-skirt styles are prim to perfection for the spring and summer. Much like your favorite cocktail dresses, wedding guest dresses and work dresses, the best white dresses for women come in a Persian buffet of options, all ones we want to savor this season. Not to mention, we’re huge fans of this season’s best rompers. So, we compiled this year’s edit of the 20 best styles, ranging from T-shirt dresses to affordable styles on Amazon for less than $50. What’s more, you can even snag some of the two trendiest outfits to buy right now: Easter dresses and prom dresses. Lovely to pair with your most comfortable heels and treasured tote bag (or designer clutches), we have all the options laid out for you below. There’s nothing like adding more heavenly whites to your wardrobe. As an Amazon best-seller, Exlura’s Lantern Sleeve Ruffled Off-Shoulder Mini Dress is an easy toss-on for the warmer months, clad in a stretchy waistband and lightweight flow. For a versatile piece, we can’t believe it’s less than $50 on Amazon. Dainty and elegant, Exlura’s Square Neck Puff Sleeve A-Line Dress is waiting to be worn at  your next outdoor bash. The sleeves are to die for (in all its exaggerated-puff glory). Not to mention, the sweetheart neckline is perfect for styling with your fine jewelry. Now, this dress screams bridal shower. EcoWish’s Ruffle One-Shoulder Bodycon Midi Dress has one of the most flattering shoulder detailing we’ve seen, along with a sexy hem that hugs in all the right places. As one of our favorite brands — as far as Amazon dresses go — Kirundo has some of the most relaxed yet feminine-leaning styles we’re constantly adding to our wishlists. Specifically, the Swiss Dot Flowy Dress is a prime steal for the warmer months, a less-than-$40 option with impeccable detailing. It’s no surprise BelongSci’s Bell Sleeve Shift Dress is an Amazon-bestseller. Not only does the dress come in virtually every color under the sun, but its match-all nature and T-shirt feel makes it a nice grab for hot temps. Plus, it looks great with statement jewelry. As a personal favorite, we can’t stop rocking Majorelle’s Mariapia Mini Dress around town. It’s an investment, though worth it, and the ruffles — coupled with the subtle cutout detailing at the waist — is like no other. As one of the white dresses we anticipating selling out quickly, More to Come has a new Shannan Mini Dress that’s less than $75, impressively. From the on-trend mini plunge to its lace detailing at the arms and hem, we’re undeniably giving it all our heart eye emojis. Stay comfy in this beach-ready dress from Eberjey. Not only are the button details adorable and ideal for spring and summer, but the subtle embroidery and off-shoulder design make it both comfortable and chic. Lulus thinks you’ll be the Queen of the City with this dress, but you can easily be the Queen anywhere with this stunning dress. From its sharp, Oscars-like detailing to the comfortable design, we love this dress for a bridal shower or any formal event. Let’s talk about lace. Lulus’ Heart Beats Fast Lace Bustier Bodycon Dress is a flirty, romantic option with the daintiest of spaghetti straps. From its subtle floral detailing to bustier top, it’s just the right of oomph we look for. Feeling midi? Luckily, Petal & Pup has a few tricks up their sleeve — literally — with this stunning all-white option with gorgeous flow and an accented one-shoulder sleeve. Plus, the angled top is flattering on all figures. Blazer dresses are the new work pants, if we’re being honest. Lucy Paris’ Two-Button Blazer Dress is just shy of $100 and tailored to perfection with its suit-like charm. Not to mention, the style also comes in black for more of a corporate look. Hello, gorgeous! Hello Molly has a stunning white ruffled dress where the party is not in the back but rather, at the top. The keen eye to detail characteristic of this relaxed plunge, drapey sleeved dress is 100% a favorite for this year. Whip out the sexy with Windsor’s Show Up Satin One-Shoulder Midi Dress. As one of our favorite destinations for cocktail dresses, this flattering fit is available in multiple size options and is elegant for a bridal shower, graduation and other big event on your cal. Ideal for a work party or evening affair, Lulus’ Dinah One-Shoulder Dress is absolutely dynamite. Its simplistic yet classy and will turn heads — all for less than $70. If you love loose, baggy fits (and, more specifically, not wearing pants when it’s scorching hot outside), you’ll love SHEIN’s Solid Lantern-Sleeve Smock Dress. It’s the less-than-$25 option of our dreams, and we adore the preppy collar. For a ruched, no-frills midi, we can’t resistant this bodycon on Amazon. It’s that perfect white dress for your wardrobe, giving you much freedom to accessorize in a variety of ways for more than one occasion. While Ever-Pretty’s to-the-floor gown is labeled “bridesmaid,” we love its simplicity and elegance for any formal occasion. Whether you RSVP’ed to an outdoor affair or are feeling fancy for a date night, the style is right at $50 to save you a pretty penny. If we’re being honest, we adore EcoWish’s Ruffled A-Line Midi Dress for graduation, specifically (I mean, can’t you just see that ruffled detailing underneath your gown?). However, it’s a dress that’s giving us modern “Bridgerton” vibes, which we love. Scalloped and serene, Romwe’s A-Line Skater Dress is an adorable option if you don’t want something too baggy but like a little flare. Plus, the thin halter strap is perfect for the warmer months of spring and summer. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.