Don’t you ever wish that you can bring your prized, comfier-than-ever mattress into your living room for all-around comfort? Well, with one of the best sectionals we rounded up, it’s the next best thing for your living room. Much like your go-to loveseat, the sectional is a seater with a built-in chaise lounge that’s great for entertaining or snuggling up with a weighted blanket after a long day. What’s more, these living room showpieces add much character and charm to your home, especially when paired with a snazzy new area rug and a decorative mirror to complete your homescape. Top retailers like Amazon and Target (and more!) have sectionals across many styles and price points to get you in the mood for a quick home renovation or spring cleaning (perhaps with some of our favorite vacuums and cleaning products). Not to mention, if you’re interested in sectional sofas for your backyard, check out our edit to the best places to buy outdoor furniture. Not only is Rivet an Amazon brand, but its Goodwin Modern Reversible Section Sofa is a contemporary furniture piece that’s a hybrid of modern and traditional styles. It comes in navy blue and charcoal gray, too, and its classy design is bound to add some elegance to your living room. As one of the most affordable sectionals on this list, Best Choice Products’ Reversible Sectional Sofa is a no-frills option that’s perfect for solo lounging with a good book (perhaps one of the best reads for spring) or snuggling with a loved one. Plus, it’s crafted with soft fabric and a sturdy wood frame to last for years. Add a pop of color to your space with Casa Andrea Milano’s Modern Velvet Sectional Sofa. Though it’s offered in many other colors, we adore this investment showpiece for its regal blue to give your home a compliment-worthy statement. If you don’t want to tend to genuine leather, faux is your best option — especially with this Tufted Faux Leather Sectional Sofa that’s less than $1,000. Conveniently, you can set it up left or right-facing to best suit your home space. For the price, Shintenchi is a steal, aside from being one of Amazon’s best-sellers. The match-all neutral fabric is firm, comfortable and apt for small, apartment-style spaces. To brighten up your home, consider a light pink to bounce off your window’s direct sunlight and other home decor. Plus, this sectional sofa comes with an ottoman which is perfect for putting your feet up or storing TV remotes or smart home devices when they’re not in use. With much grandeur, Honbay’s Modular Sectional Sofa is a full-blown centerpiece for your living room. This bluish-gray is beautiful but if it’s not your vibe, it also comes in full-blue and full-gray, too, and its durability is unmatched. How about a pop of color that will still match the rest of your space? Novogratz has you covered with its Magnolia Sectional Sofa with Pillows, a surefire way to add some earthiness to your home, much ado to its stunning moss green. Plus, it matches well with mauve. For a sleek option that isn’t too flashy, Latitude Run has the perfect sectional for less than $1,500. The Logan is an upscale furniture piece, especially when styled with a marshmallow-soft throw blanket and some affordable artwork. The sectional comes in dark gray, too. If genuine leather is what you’re after, Steelside’s Ellsbury Sofa & Chaise is calling your name. Smooth to perfection, its brown exterior is both comfortable and photogenic, offering you a much-needed place to rest and relax. Similar to your mattress, this customizable sectional is yours for the taking if you want a place to lie down and sprawl (don’t we all). It’s an investment, for sure, but a great one at that for its size and ability to seat more than four people. Elegant and chic, Mbolyeer’s Convertible Sectional Sofa is a lightweight, minimalistic option with a modern lean. We can’t believe it’s less than $2,000, either, considering it has that designer aim without being upwards of $10,000. Feeling teal? For less than $500, Uteeran has the perfect sectional to add a punchy color to your space while still being dark enough to blend in with your white and espresso-colored furniture. It also comes in two shades of gray should you want a more neutral option. With a timeless charm, the Owen Chaise Sectional Sofa at Castlery is one on our wishlists. Its sweet shade of gray paired with an elegant frame is beyond beautiful and will undeniably match a bounty of home styles. It’ll be your new piece of furniture. If you’re into black sectionals for your smaller space, consider this one from Handy Living. It comes with an ottoman, too, making it an unbeatable value for the less-than-$1,500 price. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.