She found it a bit mi-song-gynistic. A woman ignited her fellow gals on social media after sharing a “bizarrely sexist” Mother’s Day song her niece had to perform at elementary school. A screenshot of the chauvinistic limerick’s lyrics is currently going viral as critics slam its misogynist messaging. “My 5-year-old niece was given this song to sing for Mothers’ Day at her CofE primary school,” wrote Sophie Hill of the outdated tune, which was produced by the UK-based company Out of the Ark Music. (Mother’s Day falls on March 27 in the UK this year.) The accompanying photo shows the patriarchy-promoting poem, entitled “My Mum” which highlights the domestic talents of mothers everywhere. “She does all the cleaning and shopping, and makes a wonderful tea!” reads one condescending verse. If that wasn’t “Handmaid’s Tale” enough, the stereotypical song also includes the line: “She may not have a degree, but she helps with my homework, and that’s what matters to me.” Hill, who is reportedly a Ph.D. student at Harvard University, contrasted the demeaning ditty in a followup tweet with a laudatory song that Out of the Ark Music composed for Father’s Day. She observed that the pop-aganda ballad didn’t mention any “caregiving tasks” but made sure to “specify that dads are ‘clever’ and ‘genius.’ “ “My Mum” was deemed tone deaf by critics on social media with one flabbergasted commenter writing, “Good GRIEF. I hope you and others have kicked off massively [complained] at the school.” “The mad thing is the number of people this has to go through,” vented another on Twitter. “The writer, the publisher, the printer, the school, the teachers and NO ONE at any point says, ‘Hang on a minute…’ “ Some Twitter satirists even reworked the song’s lyrics to reflect modern-day gender roles. “My mum’s one in a million, With degrees and a reasonable wage, She shares the domestic roles with my dad, Because we’re not in the Stone Age,” belted out one social media songstress. “She’s a complex human being, Which sometimes means she gets narky, But the sure fire way to make her day, is to shout f – – k patriarchy.” Out of the Ark Music has since addressed the controversial holiday ditty in a statement to the Mirror, writing: “We are aware that the song ‘My Mum’, published by Out of the Ark Music decades ago, has been the cause for some concern and for that we are truly sorry.” “We recognize that the lyrics in the song are outdated, inappropriate, and don’t reflect the invaluable and different roles women play in society,” the firm added. “It also does not represent our current values and ethos as a company.” Unfortunately, despite claiming to have removed the song off their new digital platform  Out of the Ark Music claims there is little they can do to stop schools from using it. “Unfortunately, we can’t remove printed product that was sold and is still in circulation,” they lamented. “While we cannot control the songs that schools choose to use, we will continue to promote and encourage the use of alternatives.”