Where is media bias when we need it? In the 1980s, when the phrase “media bias” grew popular, conservatives complained that such liberals as ABC’s Sam Donaldson would report on a Reagan administration reform and then find a sweet old lady to cry about it on camera. She would weep that if Reagan got his way, she and her pet feline would wrestle nightly for first dibs to the Purina Cat Chow. While the liberal media twisted stories their way, at least they told audiences the underlying news. Journalists informed Americans first and spun them second. Oh, how far from that low standard we have tumbled. These days, the Leftist, old-guard media craft their evil far more insidiously: They studiously ignore big stories. Even worse, they concoct narratives from scratch. In a molar-grinding example of the first category, the major TV networks entombed the so-called Paper of Record’s March 16 concession that Hunter Biden’s laptop is genuine. Moreover, the Old Gray Lady independently verified Biden’s highly incriminating files. Big news! But this was a nullity at the networks. As of Tuesday, the watchdogs at Newsbusters report, here is how long they covered two facts: First, that abandoned laptop belongs to the son of the president of the United States. Second, that laptop chronicles a parade of personal failings and a panoply of public scandals through which Hunter gathered — by author and investigative journalist Peter Schweizer’s estimate — $40 million from sketchy Chinese, Russian and Ukrainian interests. ABC: Zero seconds. CBS: Zero seconds. NBC: Zero seconds. CNN: Zero seconds. MSNBC: Two seconds. Six days after this revelation, these five major networks had contemplated the first son’s suspected graft for a combined two seconds. This is 1/15th the length of a typical shampoo commercial. Even worse, when today’s media are not busy concealing stories like Mafiosi burying corpses, they completely fabricate others. Based on no evidence whatsoever, they scream total lies at ear-piercing volume: Reaganites berated media bias a generation ago. But when it comes to news, those were the good old days. Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News Contributor. Michael Malarkey contributed to this piece.