An attacker whacked a man in the head with a hammer after he bumped into him at a Manhattan subway station on Tuesday night, police sources said. An argument broke out between the 29-year-old victim and the male suspect after the two bumped into each other on the platform of the 14th Street 1/2/3 line at about 9:15 p.m., police said. The attacker then pulled out the hammer and struck the man, who was taken to Bellevue Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Disturbing video of the assault shows the assailant, wearing a wig and a red jacket with the letter “B” on it, reach into a handbag and pull out the hammer at the station. “Why you hit me?” the attacker yells, while lunging at the victim. “Why the f—k you hit me?” The suspect then hits the victim once in the head with the hammer as someone off-camera screams, “No!” The suspect fled and was still being sought early Wednesday. The victim is Asian, though the attack was not considered a hate crime as of Wednesday morning. The Hate Crimes Task Force has been notified, however, cops said. New York City’s subway system was the scene of at least one other unnerving incident Tuesday night. At about 5 p.m., a man riding on a southbound A train was arrested after menacing fellow passengers with a knife, cops said. Good Samaritans aboard the train stepped in and held the suspect — later identified as Joaquin Rodriguez, 38 — as the train arrived at the 59th Street/Columbus Circle station. Transit police at the station then arrested Rodriguez, of Union City, NJ, who was charged with reckless endangerment, menacing and criminal possession of a weapon, cops said. Nobody aboard the train was injured. Rodriguez was previously busted around 5:20 p.m. Feb. 11 for allegedly shoving a 68-year-old woman at random as she left a building on Ninth Avenue near West 58th Street. During the same incident, he displayed a knife as he argued with a man, cops said. The relationship between the male and female victims, if any, was unclear Wednesday. He was charged with assault and menacing, police said. Additional reporting by Amanda Woods