He might make coffee, but he’s spilling the tea. A former Starbucks barista is reportedly revealing secrets from his time working at the world-famous franchise – claiming co-workers give decaf to rude customers and use flavored syrup instead of real coffee in Frappuccinos. Shabaz Ali, 28, took to TikTok to share the inside information after allegedly spending several years working part time at a Starbucks in England. His video racked up more than 553,000 views, with viewers shocked by the secrets. In the clip, Ali also alleged that managers deliberately ordered him to misspell people’s names on their Starbucks cups — for the subversive marketing potential. “I was going through training and the manager told me about purposely writing names on the cups wrong for free publicity,” the ex-employee explained the Starbucks stunt in an interview with Jam Press released on Tuesday. “Look out for influencers or younger people who seem the type to make a scene about it on social media, as they’ll definitely post about it,” he said he was told. “I was shocked, as this was probably the reason my name would be spelled wrong in the past.” Meanwhile, the tea-spilling coffee-maker further claimed that the company’s famous Frappuccinos contain a fake flavored syrup, as opposed to real beans. “If you want real coffee, you have to ask for an espresso shot,” he revealed. Ali also alleged that he was “told to pretend that something wasn’t in stock if it would hold up a line,” with that blended, frothy drink being a particular target. “Frappuccinos would usually take a long time to make, so on a busy day, I would tell them some syrups were out of stock or the ice machine was broken,” he sassily stated. Meanwhile, the barista also revealed ways to nab freebies, including Starbucks snacks. “At the end of the night, the bakery items need to be thrown out — so if you ask a barista, they might give these away to you,” he revealed, while also adding that “some of this is taken to homeless shelters or given to the homeless.” And if you’re a return customer, you may get an extra treat. “If someone is a regular, you can give them syrups and other goodies for free,” he said. Baristas also may have their own creative concoctions that they are willing to whip up for good customers. “They will also try a combination of all sorts and have their own secret special drinks, so ask them for advice and they’ll always get you what you want,” Ali said. Size matters, too. “If you ask for a medium drink, but want it in a large cup, chances are the barista will fill the cup for you because they always make a bit extra – so you get a large drink for free,” Ali divulged. He claimed customers are also eligible for a free drink on their birthday and that they are entitled to free refills if they order drip coffee and dine inside. It’s unclear whether those policies pertain to Starbucks franchises across America or are solely for UK patrons. The Post has contacted the company for comment. Despite his loose lips, Ali said he loved his time working at Starbucks and believes the company does an incredible job. “I still love the company, as nothing was extreme and, if anything, it’s made me love them more now, as I know more,” he declared. “The best advice I’d give is to have fun – when customers see you having fun, they enjoy it, too.”