The name on everybody’s lips is now gonna be: Pamela. Pamela Anderson will be showing off her vocal pipes next month when she takes over the role of Roxie Hart in “Chicago.” The 54-year-old will be making her Broadway debut at the Ambassador Theatre April 12. Her run as one of the merry murderesses in the Cook County Jail will go through June 5. The announcement comes on the heels of another project for the former “Baywatch” babe — a Netflix documentary that will share her side of the story regarding her infamous sex tape with ex-husband Tommy Lee. The controversial Hulu miniseries “Pam & Tommy,” starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan, was created without the consent of any of the parties depicted. The mother of two’s documentary will show “the real story” about her life, and will prove that she is “not a victim, but a survivor.” Anderson said her foray onto the stage will allow her to “see what I’m capable of,” she told the Associated Press on Monday in a statement. “From ‘Baywatch’ to Broadway. I am inspired by the unexpected,” she said. “This is it, and I will not hold back anymore. I am letting go. For ‘Chicago,’ I’ll be putting all my cards on the table. I am doubling down — on me.” Producer Barry Weissler gushed over Anderson’s casting, telling AP, “Pam is a very moral person, extremely moral. She cares about animals. She cares about the planet. She cares about people.” He continued, “The difference between … Pam and Roxie is Roxie doesn’t care about anyone but herself, and she doesn’t give a damn about the outside world as long as she can be famous. So Pam comes with totally opposite attributes in life, but she fits because of her celebrity, what she’s gone through in life.” “Chicago” follows Roxie, a young performer who dreams of becoming a vaudeville actress in 1920s Chicago. Across the musical’s glittery outfits, infectious songs and vivacious dance numbers, she is tried for the murder of her lover, and finds friends along the way. The star’s casting has been a long time coming. Weissler had asked the “Baywatch” star to be a part of the production over 10 years ago, but their schedules didn’t sync up. “Now that we’re doing it, it’s even more opportune. It’s more timely. She’s really standing for something now — as a professional, as an activist, as a very talented lady. She can surprise a lot of people,” the producer said. “The woman has acting chops. She certainly can dance, and her singing voice is quite good. So here we go.” The musical first opened on Broadway in 1975 and was revived in 1996. Actresses who have taken their turn as Roxie include Melanie Griffith, Christie Brinkley, Brooke Shields, Lisa Rinna, Ashlee Simpson, Brandy Norwood, Erika Jayne and Robin Givens. A film version was released in 2002, which starred Renée Zellweger, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Queen Latifah and Richard Gere. The musical film won six Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actress for Zeta-Jones. 