PHOENIX — Legendary Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski may have produced another NBA All-Star out of Tobacco Road. As Krzyzewski prepared for his final game at Cameron Indoor Stadium on Saturday against North Carolina, the Knicks’ RJ Barrett was having the type of season at age 21 that makes him a projected future All-Star — perhaps as soon as next season. Barrett, who spent the 2018-19 season at Duke, notched another 30-point game in the Knicks’ loss Wednesday in Philadelphia. Barrett has the most 30-point performances in the NBA this season for any player age 21 and under — eight, with seven coming after Jan. 1. The former Duke shooting guard is the lone bright spot in a season that has gone off the rails. The Knicks (25-37) visited the NBA-best Suns (50-12) on Friday at Footprint Arena as they attempted to break a six-game losing streak. When asked if he feels it’s possible for him to take the leap to being named an All-Star next season, Barrett said at the morning shootaround Friday: “I’d be crazy to tell you that that’s not where my mind is. Of course I’m thinking about that. It’s a goal of mine. I definitely want to get there. It’s also knowing team success is a big part of getting there, too. I think those things go hand and hand.’’ Barrett — as well as Knicks and Duke teammate Cam Reddish — will be in Los Angeles on Saturday when the Blue Devils face North Carolina in Krzyzewski’s home finale. All Duke alumni have been given special invitations to attend. Krzyzewski has had his share of NBA All-Stars — Grant Hill, Jayson Tatum, Brandon Ingram, Elton Brand, Carlos Boozer, Christian Laettner, Zion Williamson and Kyrie Irving among them. “Man I wish I could be there,’’ Barrett said. “Coach K is a great person overall. Great coach. One of the best to ever do it. I loved playing for him. I was upset [at the schedule]. But I’ll still watch it on TV. Might watch it with Cam and see what happens.’’ Barrett said Krzyzewski’s greatness stemmed from getting teams to bond. “One of those coaches, when he really gets a team together, he gets everyone together to play for each other and win,’’ Barrett said. “I’m happy for him. He gets his farewell tour. I’ll definitely be tuned into the game.’’ Barrett got a huge tribute last Friday from Heat All-Star Jimmy Butler. After the Knicks’ loss, in which Barrett erupted for 46 points with his constant attacking game, Butler said: “I don’t think anybody is surprised or should be surprised. He’s definitely going to be playing in this league for a long time, and he’s going to be the face of the Knicks.” Barrett took it to heart. “It’s a huge compliment for sure,’’ Barrett said. “Especially him who worked his way up to become the face of the franchise [in Miami]. Also he played for Thibs and kind of knows what I’m going through, what’s going on.’’ Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau got Julius Randle into the All-Star Game last season, though the enigmatic power forward has taken a step back this season. If Barrett makes it next season and Thibodeau is still around, it could be a feather in the coach’s cap, too. Barrett has made a major improvement area in his analytics numbers in the fourth quarter, which are much better than last season’s. Thibodeau remembers that when he took the Knicks job before the 2020-21 season, Krzyzewski gave Thibodeau a big recommendation on Barrett. Thibodeau was Krzyzewski’s assistant on Team USA for several years. “When I had taken the job, and just talking to Coach K about [Barrett], the way he talked about his makeup, he said you’re going to love him, you’re going to love coaching him and you’re going to love who he is,’’ Thibodeau said. “He was a hundred percent correct. He’s even-keeled, doesn’t get too high or too low. And he’s driven. “What we’re seeing with RJ is steady improvement. You look to where he is today versus even my two short years of being with him — I watched a lot of films from his rookie year. He’s made great strides and I think he’ll continue to make great strides because of who he is and how he approaches it.’’