Put away the chametz and dust off the matzah from the back of the pantry — it’s almost time for Passover 2022. It seems like just yesterday we were around the virtual table, celebrating the Jewish holiday, reciting the ten plagues and answering the four questions. But now, we have a question for you — do you have a seder plate to use this year? For those that don’t know or are hosting your first seder for the holiday, a seder plate is the decorative and functional plate on the Passover table. The plate has a spot for each of the traditional items, each of which serve a purpose and have a beautiful history associated. Seder also means “order” in Hebrew, and so each of the items on the plate have their own time to shine during the Passover meal and prayers. Briefly and most traditionally, there are six items on the plate: In addition, there may be a spot for salt water, representing the tears of the Israelite slaves, that you then dip the parsley into, as well as a spot for matzah, or unleavened bread-like crackers. With this mini Hebrew school lesson out of the way, now onto the fun part: shopping for a stunning new seder plate. There are a ton to choose from, including more traditional looking ones, some with both Hebrew and English labels for each food and some that are more minimalist and design focused that will make you want to leave them out all year round. This seder plate is handmade and from the heart. Sold on Food52, the plate and six bowls are all hand made from ceramic, made by RachaelPots in Brooklyn, New York. The blue and white set makes us think of springtime and the hand-carved Hebrew letters are an added touch. Start the seder off right with this marble plate from Rite Lite. The white and gray marble pattern seder plate can be found on Amazon, which is great for fast shipping if you need to start planning your seder table. It also features both Hebrew and English, perfect for teaching the kids and new guests the order of the seder. Another pick from Food52 is this stunning blue set, that can be purchased as a single seder plate for $300 or with the bowls for an additional $120 for three (or $240 for six bowls to fill the plate.) The middle of the dish features a Jewish star cutout, handmade by ceramist Morgan Levine in Brooklyn, New York. Inspired by the circle of life, this interconnected seder plate is a statement piece for your table. The seder plate is actually two pieces, with the black circles that serve as a dish for each item and the tan base with the word “seder” in Hebrew written in the middle. Classic and elegant is the name of this seder plate game. Sold at Williams Sonoma, this seder plate set comes with all six dishes and the plate, made of porcelain with 24K-gold detailing for the Hebrew lettering and around the rim of each bowl and the plate. This seder plate is one piece, with divots labeled in both Hebrew and English to hold each element for the blessings during your seder. The blue and silver is also a nice touch, adding an ornate design to the plate. Have a golden holiday with this simple yet stunning gilded plate. Sold at Bed, Bath and Beyond, the seder plate has six divots for each seder item, plus the word “seder” engraved in the center of the plate in Hebrew letters. Let your kids follow the order of the seder (which means order, if you didn’t know) with their very own plate. Sold on Amazon, get one plate for each kid, and then teach them the English and the Hebrew word for each element on the table. Another stunning Jewish motif is the Tree of Life, and this plate honors just that. Sold at Saks Fifth Avenue (and currently on sale) shop this silver seder plate by Michael Aram and host your seder in style. Made of stainless steel, this seder plate will surely be passed down to generations to come. The silver and gold colored plate comes with six matching bowls for each element, labeled in Hebrew on the inside fo each dish. Should you want the whole set, check out this white collection from Bloomingdale’s. Each piece is sold separately, including the seder plate, matzah tray, kiddish cup and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.