If you want to get in on betting on the ACC Tournament, why not take advantage of some great offers to help boost your bets. The New York Post gives you the best bonuses and offers from the best betting sites, as the action gets underway.  Please note: It’s illegal for bettors in the state of New York to wager on the ACC Tournament due to the tournament being held at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn. One of the fiercest conferences in America, the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament kicks off this week. Duke is the No. 1 seed, while Notre Dame, North Carolina and Miami will be the other three teams getting double byes into the quarterfinals. It should be a competitive conference tournament, considering how close many of the teams at the top of the standings have been throughout the season. But Duke enters the tourney as the favorite. The Blue Devils are the only team from the conference ranked in the AP Top 25 poll. The North Carolina Tar Heels will have plenty of momentum coming into the tournament, having upset Duke at Cameron for Coach K’s final regular season game in charge of Duke.Fifth-seeded Wake Forest is the only team in the conference other than Duke that sits among the top three in offensive and defensive efficiency, and are this year’s dark horses. Elsewhere in the pack are many strong athletic schools with Clemson, Virginia, Syracuse and Georgia Tech all needing to pull off upsets to win the tournament. Odds courtesy of FanDuel. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. Many would argue that the ACC is the best conference in all of college basketball. The ACC has showcased many of the game’s all-time greats, from David Thompson, Ralph Sampson, Michael Jordan and Tim Duncan to coaches Dean Smith, Mike Krzyzewski, Jim Valvano and Roy Williams. Bitter rivals Duke and North Carolina lead the ACC for most tournament titles, Duke with 21, Carolina with 18. The tournament has been held every year since 1954, making the ACC one of the longest basketball conference tournaments in college sports. In recent years, plenty more powerhouses have won their first ACC Tournament titles, with Florida State, Miami and Notre Dame all lifting the trophy. One of the most notable seasons in college history was the 1981-82 season, when Dean Smith and the North Carolina Tar Heels lost twice all year, taking home a regular season ACC title, ACC tournament trophy and a national championship. All with a little help from a freshman called Michael Jordan.