New surveillance video shows a man suspected of abducting an 18-year-old woman at a Walmart in Nevada as the desperate search for her widens. The footage, released late Saturday, shows a man pacing the sidewalk at a Walmart in Fernley moments before Naomi Christine Irion disappeared earlier this month. Irion’s brother, Casey Valley, told reporters last week the man later approached her 1992 Mercury Sable and motioned for her to slide into the passenger seat before getting in and driving off. Evidence recovered from Irion’s car, later found at an industrial park near the Walmart, shows her disappearance was “suspicious in nature,” according to the Lyon County Sheriff’s Office. “We are providing a video clip showing parked and moving vehicles in the Walmart parking lot within visual distance of Naomi’s vehicle and minutes before she is abducted,” deputies said in a statement accompanying the new video. “The suspect is seen on this surveillance video pacing on the east side of the building.” Investigators want to talk with anyone who was at the Walmart during the early hours of March 12. “The search has increased in size and scope to include law enforcement agencies from the local, state and federal levels,” the Lyon County Sheriff’s Office said. “Large scale searches for Naomi have been conducted over the past week by law enforcement agencies and hundreds of local citizens.” A press conference will be held at 9 a.m. Thursday to provide an update in the case. Irion had not been located as of Monday, sheriff’s officials said. Investigators believe the suspect may be driving a dark 2020 or newer Chevrolet High Country four-door pickup truck. Irion’s mother, meanwhile, has flown to Nevada from South Africa to join her father, Herve Irion, who said last week he believes his daughter is in danger. “I expected to be in South Africa for 15 more months and then come back and visit my daughter, which she was supposed to be in new college by then,” Diana Irion told KOLO. “I’m hoping I can be an active participant in locating her, but I also have to think of our boys and take care of them as well.” An online fundraiser to help offset travel costs for Irion’s parents and search efforts has eclipsed $33,000 as of Tuesday. “Every dollar and minute of your time counts toward finding our daughter and friend,” said Irion’s sister, Tamara Cartwright.