Whoopi Goldberg said Thursday she understands why organizers of the Oscars on Sunday didn’t kick out Will Smith after he slapped comedian Chris Rock during the live awards broadcast. Goldberg defended the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences during a discussion with her cohosts on ABC’s “The View” on why Smith was asked, rather than told, to leave the ceremony. “Picture, well OK, so they come back from break,” said Goldberg, who sits on the Academy’s board of governors. “Now, if he’s in some sort of state and he’s struggling and you’re trying to get him out the door and it’s still on camera. Goldberg then pointed out the unpredictable nature of live television. “Listen, we work a live show every day and stuff happens and it comes out your mouth, or you do something stupid, and you gotta sit there and deal with it,” Goldberg said. “I can’t imagine what was going on back there but I do know that the only person anybody should be focusing on is Will Smith.” The Oscar winner — who suffered her own on-air flap in January for saying the “Holocaust isn’t about race” — had previously said she accepted Smith’s apology for the controversial incident but said she expected there would be “consequences.” Rock had made a joke about Smith’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s bald head, which set off Smith, who stormed the stage and whacked the comedian with an open hand. “Keep my wife’s name out of your f—king mouth,” Smith then yelled from his seat next to Pinkett Smith, who has alopecia. Yet minutes later, Smith was on stage accepting the Best Actor award for his turn in “King Richard.” The Academy released a statement Wednesday saying Smith “was asked to leave the ceremony and refused,” though that claim is in dispute. Sources claimed that the organization never asked Smith to leave and show producer Will Packer actually told Smith he could stay, TMZ reported. Rock also was never asked if he thought Smith should be removed, multiple sources told The Post. The comedian has so far declined to press charges.