A young Florida mother has been reported missing by relatives who fear for her safety, police said. Teneisha Griffith, 27, was last seen in south Tampa driving a 2008 Nissan Altima, police said in a statement Wednesday. “The Tampa Police Department and her family are concerned for her well-being,” cops said. The responsible mom who works at Amazon had no reason to just pick up and leave, Griffith’s sisters told the Tampa Bay Times. “It just kind of feels like a nightmare that I just can’t get up from,” Ashley Darling told the newspaper. Darling and Rena Walters — two of Griffith’s three sisters — said their youngest sibling had been doing well prior to her disappearance, further stoking concerns when she didn’t show up to a gathering on Saturday. A day earlier, Griffith texted her father after returning from her job at Amazon, but friends and family — including her 12-year-old daughter — have not been in contact with her since then, her sisters said. The young mom had called her daughter, who is staying with Griffith’s mother, every day before she seemingly vanished, Darling and Walters said. Griffith also never showed up to work on Tuesday as scheduled, prompting deeper concern for her distraught family, who put up fliers around her south Tampa home Wednesday in a desperate search for leads on her whereabouts. “We’ve been out looking for her, but we’ve had absolutely no leads, no tips — nothing,” Walters told the Tampa Bay Times. A message seeking comment from Tampa police was not immediately returned early Friday. Walters and Darling, meanwhile, think finding Griffith’s white Nissan Altima will lead to more answers. The vehicle’s license plate is QSBE04, Darling said in a Facebook post Tuesday, adding that her sister is believed to be in danger. “It doesn’t matter if … you don’t think it’s a big deal, just please come forward with whatever information you have,” Walters told the Tampa Bay Times. “Nothing is too small.” Anyone with information regarding Griffith should call Tampa police at (813) 231-6130.