The slap that was heard around the world! The Oscars moment between comedian Chris Rock, 57, and newly anointed Academy Award-winner Will Smith shocked audiences — and the world. The uncensored confrontation — which has apparently been a long time coming — inspired viral memes and airplay worldwide, easily being the awards show’s most talked about moment. Despite wonderful speeches, lovely fashion and wild after parties, nothing else stood out quite as much as this bizarre and polarizing interaction. Smith, 53, who joked aggressively prior to the event that he intended to bring the chaos and be everyone’s problem, was triggered by Rock’s “G.I. Jane” joke about his wife’s lack of hair. While the Academy declared that the interaction was not staged and they do not condone violence, it is currently uncertain whether or not they will retract the award due to the violation of their high code of ethics. Yet after a public apology and a tearful acceptance speech, it has been confirmed that the two stars have put the bad blood behind them in an effort to move forward in a positive direction. So what caused the two to erupt at this point in time? Let’s take a dive into their cosmic weather because I’m a pop culture astrologer and it’s just what I do! First off, Will Smith was fired up already and there are a few reasons why. In a previous article, I dove into his birth chart as well as his astrological compatibility with his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Will Smith was born on Sept. 25, 1968. This makes him a social Libra Sun with a tremendously passionate Scorpio Moon. The key takeaways I want to reiterate from that breakdown is that he has a high level of intensity and rebellious energy in his innate personality because his Sun, ruling his life force, is in the same place in the sky as his Uranus, which is the planet of chaos and revolution. This gives him an eccentric and strong-willed energy — but also can make him immensely unpredictable. His Moon also dances with Pluto, which is the planet of domination and power struggles. This means that on a good day, he’s focused on deep, emotional and transformative ways of connecting with people. But Pluto, which is the higher octave of Mars, the planet of war, can also make someone very forceful, aggressive and controlling when they are triggered. It causes one to assert themselves for power and can propel someone to acts of violence and revenge. The good thing about our natal charts is that they can help us to grow if we are conscious of certain patterns — but they also reveal certain traits that may be challenging, which we must face and work through so they don’t dominate us. As for what triggered this on a broader, cosmic scale? On March 27, 2022, we can see that the planets were interacting in a very specific way around him, causing him to feel the world in certain ways that was putting him on the defensive. While I did predict he was one of the top candidates to win Best Actor, he’s also more generally feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders. First off, this is because Saturn, the planet of hardships and challenges, is in a very sharp and oppressive angle to his natal Moon, making him feel lonely and restricted, particularly around his confidence. Uranus, the planet of shocking events, is also in a sharp angle to his Midheaven — which is his point of fame and success in the public eye, revealing a turbulent situation on the world’s stage. Neptune, the planet of delusion, is also in a sharp clash with his Pluto, bringing up conflicts and feelings of confusion, and Pluto is fighting with his Mercury, ruling his mind, and his Venus, ruling his relationships. These are all longer-term energies — but to make things more challenging is that on the exact day of the Oscars, Mercury, ruling the media and his mind, was clashing directly with his Sun and Uranus — further exacerbating the dramatic energy overpowering his consciousness. Chris Rock was born on Feb. 7, 1965. This makes him an eccentric Aquarius Sun with a fiery Aries Moon. To make him even feistier, his birth time, as found online, reveals that he is an Aries Ascendant — and with his Moon in his first house of identity, this brings him an impatient, impulsive and dominating attitude. His energy is spontaneous and he can be quick-tempered, competitive and unafraid to be dramatic. To add further expansion around this energy, his Sun is linked to Jupiter, amplifying his larger-than-life vibe. His Sun is also clashing with Neptune, which means he can at times be a bit illusive and deceptive — even to the point of self-deceptive. To add further peculiar energy to his chart, his Uranus and Pluto are in the exact same place — which, on one hand, makes him unconventional and very passionate, but also provokes him to be controversial for the sake of power. When looking at the cosmic energy enveloping him on the exact day of the Oscars, we see that Venus in the sky was clashing with his natal Neptune — bringing up high feelings of confusion, especially around relationships and his impulses. Mars, the planet of war, is also marching very closer to his Sun, further bringing tension and aggression upon him. Also, Saturn, the planet of sadness and heaviness, is also standing atop his Sun, weakening him and bringing oppression — and is also clashing with his Neptune, creating even more confusion. Finally, Uranus is linked to his natal Uranus, bringing shocking events that ultimately lead him to be restless, uncertain and even more chaotic. While even just looking at the cosmic weather that was taking place on this day, we already can tell that both Smith and Rock were not in the best mental headspaces — and haven’t been for some time. Many of these same energetic patterns will be hovering over them like a dark cloud until at least the end of the year. First off, when looking at their charts in unison, there are a few things that pop out right away that do show a combative and intense energy between them. While initially we’d think they’d get along — or at least at the end of the day find a way to chill together, with them both having compatible Ascendants and Air Sun signs — there’s also a lot about their charts that show a competitive and highly aggressive rapport. Rock’s Mars, the planet of fighting, is very close to Smith’s Sun. This is like fire encountering more fire. Rock’s Mars is also smashing into Smith’s Uranus. Then Rock’s Saturn tries to dominate Smith’s Mars, which basically just pisses him off all of the time, making him consistently feel irritated and unsettled by Rock’s attitude. Rock’s Mars also throws bombs at Smith’s Pluto, which literally brings further warlike energy between them. Lastly, but certainly not least, is that Rock’s Sun pierces Smith’s Moon, further making him uncomfortable and shows that, in honesty, they just aren’t capable of too much accord. While it has been reported that the two have smoothed things over, all of the information I previously listed shows that there’s a great deal of difficult planetary alignments between their charts — and those will always be present. That’s why sometimes we meet people and so easily click with them — whereas others just rub us wrong, no matter how hard we try to like them. The key to using astrology is to understand why we may feel one way or another — but, at the end of the day, we do also have free will. It is quite possible they will truly bury the hatchet — but will they ever be BFF? No. Of course not. Will they be civil? I’m sure they will try — but ultimately they will likely steer clear of each other as much as possible. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.