From dildos to plugs, sex toys seem pretty straight-forward — just follow the simple instructions and you’re guaranteed a steamy ride. But, according to an expert, there’s a crucial mistake all women make — and it could be dangerous. Writer and news.com.au columnist Nadia Bokody has been exploring sex and debunking several myths, such as bisexuality, for a while, and over the years has acquired a relatively substantial collection of sex toys. An expert in the field, she has still made the odd error or two in the journey, one of which she decided to share with her Aussie audience. “About a year ago now, I made a terrible, terrible mistake,” she wrote for The Daily Telegraph Australia. In the detailed account of events, she explained how upon leaving her apartment, she had gone through the usual list of to-dos. “I closed my apartment’s blinds, double-checked the oven and hair straightener were off, and lovingly placed my favourite vibrator in its charging dock.” The latter turned out to be a crucial mishap, as back then she “still wasn’t aware of one of the biggest rules of vibrator ownership.” This rule, she explained, is to “never, ever leave a vibe on charge for more than two hours.” “Though it’s scandalously uncommon knowledge, most sex toys contain lithium-ion batteries — the same kind you’ll find in your laptop — which are sensitive to lengthy charging. “Leaving your vibrator plugged in overnight, or for an entire weekend, can create an unstable environment inside the battery, increasing pressure and ultimately putting your vibe at risk of burning out.” At the very least, Nadia wrote, if your trustworthy friend doesn’t die after an all-nighter session in the charging dock, you will have significantly shortened its lifespan. “And here’s something else you probably didn’t know: you should wait till the battery is low, but not dead, before reaching for the charging cable.” This is because charging a vibrator from 0 per cent can be just as damaging — so it’s worth investing in a toy that has an indicating light to let you know when it’s getting close to running out. If you really want to make your favourite friend go the extra mile, Nadia recommended avoiding charging it in a hot room. “Heat is extremely destructive to lithium-ion batteries, and definitely not your friend when you own a vibrator (it can also degrade the silicone most toys are made out of),” Nadia said. Save your vibrator’s life and start reading the manuals. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.