Dark spots have few lovers — and many haters. While it may seem like those pesky areas won’t brighten at all, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel (or, rather, skincare product). With the help of a quality dark spot corrector, over time, your face will reap the benefits of a lighter and brighter complexion. “Dark spot correctors are topical skincare formulations that target hyperpigmentation (aka brown spots in the skin),” Jennifer Chwalek, MD,  a board-certified and fellowship-trained dermatologic surgeon with 24 years of experience, told the New York Post. “They contain various ingredients that can help fade and sometimes prevent hyperpigmentation, coming in serums, creams and lotions.” Ahead, find the 14 best dark spot correctors our two board-certified experts cherry-picked exclusively for you. What’s more, find a dedicated FAQ section for more what-to-knows about the results-driven formulas. Click to jump to the best dark spot correctors: Unsurprisingly, dark spots come in many varieties, much like each skincare product in your routine. “Dark spot correctors most commonly come in serums or spot treatments, but you can also find moisturizers with sunscreen that use ingredients that will help reduce the appearance of dark spots,” Bruce Katz, MD, director of JUVA Skin & Laser Center and clinical professor of dermatology at The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, told The Post. Some of the most effective active ingredients to treat dark spots are acids — like tranexamic, glycolic and kojic acids. “Retinoids can also treat dark spots by accelerating cell turnover,” he adds. “Vitamin C is also something to look for, as studies have shown it helps impede melanin production, which can help reduce dark spots.” How often your dark spot corrector be used depends on the formulation, so be sure to follow the manufacturer’s recommendations on your product. “Usually it’s recommended to use once or twice a day,” Chwalek notes. “If it contains an alpha hydroxy acid — like glycolic acid — then you may want to limit its use to two to three times a week depending on the strength and the sensitivity of your skin.” Sure, we’d all want to see results overnight, but rest assured that top formulas work when you follow the “consistency is key” adage. “With consistent use (combined with vigilant sun protection) you may start to see improvement within in a few weeks, but it can sometimes take up to 12 weeks to see more substantial improvement,” Chwalek said. Not to mention, Katz recommends sticking to a given product for at least one month to see if your skin has noticeable improvements, as well as target any traceable irritation, like redness or itchiness). There’s a reason this has been a favorite for a long time, according to Katz. “It has an accessible price point for all, does a nice job evening skin tone and reducing the appearance of dark spots,” he adds. Chwalek also approves of the product, as it contains hydroquinone 2%, “which is one of the most effective ingredients available when it comes to fading dark spots,” she highlights. While Augustinus Bader’s dermatologist-approved formula is quite costly, it’s a worthwhile investment if tackling dark spots is what you’re after. “The patented TFC8 supports cell renewal which may help pigmentation and it is rich in ingredients for skin hydration,” Chwalek said. Ocean blue packaging aside, Katz recommends Algenist’s Blue Algae Vitamin C Skinclarity Brightening Serum as one of his go-to products for helping to cure dark spots. “I like that this uses a mix of AHAs, BHA and PHA (plus vitamin C) to resurface the skin and help reduce the appearance of dark spots,” he notes. “Glycolic acid is an extremely effective AHA,” Katz shares. “Pairing glycolic acid with licorice root should deliver not only brighter, more even-toned skin, but will help with enlarged pores and skin smoothness.” Not to mention, Alpha-H is one of our top-trusted brands for niacinamide serums. Ah, Biossance’s Squalane + Vitamin C Dark Spot Serum. We love it not only as one of our top vitamin C serums but also for its efficacy in helping reverse your dark spots’ appearance. “In addition to vitamin C, it also has white shiitake mushroom extract and licorice root extract to improve the appearance of darks spots,” Chwalek spotlights. Truth be told, if we could write a love letter to Caudalie’s line of incredibly amazing masks, we would. Specifically, its Vinoperfect Glycolic Peel Mask has that superstar ingredient — glycolic acid — that’s the gold standard to help brighten your face. “This mask contains Caudalie’s patented viniferine which, like vitamin C, can brighten and prevent dark spots — as well as glycolic and natural AHAs,” Chwalek explains. “It’s also rich in glycerin, arginine and vitamin E which can hydrate and protect the skin from irritation.” Charlotte Tilbury has quite amazing makeup products but, when it comes to skincare, her products are legendary. “The key ingredients of this serum include vitamin C, polyglutamic acid, and 5% niacinamide,” Chwalek lists. “They combined vitamin C with glutathione (a potent antioxidant) to improve vitamin C absorption.” Not to mention, polyglutamic acid improves skin dryness by preventing moisture loss, she adds. “This spot treatment contains niacinamide, jojoba oil (which has anti-inflammatory properties and has been shown to help heal the skin) as well as tea tree oil (which can help breakouts) in a tinted formula to help conceal spots,” Chwalek explains. Not to mention, the brand’s vitamin C serum ($145)  is one of our favorites we reviewed. According to Chwalek, the skin-healthy combination of vitamins C and E, along with LHA (lipo-hydroxyl acid) can help to exfoliate, reduce fine lines and improve acne.  “LHAs are gentle exfoliants so this is usually safe for even sensitive skin,” she explains. Not to mention, if you’re looking for a much-recommended dark spot corrector that won’t break the bank, this is it. “This serum contains niacinamide and vitamin C to improve overall skin evenness,” Chwalek explains, vetting the product. It’s also a a gentle formula that’s safe for sensitive skin types. “This product is rich in ingredients that can fade dark spots: glycolic acid, tranexamic acid, licorice extract,” Chwalek said. For its wonderful ingredient blend, Murad is fairly priced if you want to take on your dark spots head-on. As a relatively new offering from Peter Thomas Roth, its benefits reach further than its handsome rose gold packaging (though we love that, too). “This formula also has some effective ingredients including niacinamide, tranexamic acid, and kojiic acid,” Chwalek explains. As one of our top brands for body lotions and body butters, Skinfix has a history of producing products that are sensitive-skin safe and concentrated for specific problem areas. “This corrector contains AHAs (glycolic and lactic acid) to improve skin turnover combined with turmeric, niacinamide and licorice root and vitamin C (in the form of Australian Kakadu Plum) — all of which can fade dark spots,” Chwalek highlights. Within its formula is also a blend of bio-identical lipids “to help with skin hydration and protect against irritation,” she adds. Safe to use on your body and your face, Urban Skin Rx’s formula is a top-tier product worth snagging for less than $35. “Its active ingredients include kojic acid, azelaic acid, niacinamide, and licorice root,” Chwalek lists, recommending the product. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.