TAMPA, Fla. — The outside noise surrounding the NHL’s trade deadline, which is Monday, is never easy to ignore, but the Rangers are doing their best. It certainly helps that they are in a much different position than they have been in the recent past. Instead of worrying about who could be on their way out to another team, there’s an anticipation of who could be coming into the locker room. President and general manager Chris Drury has made one move, bringing in forward Frank Vatrano via a trade with the Panthers on Wednesday. Whether there will be more additions remains to be seen, but the Rangers kept their focus on two significant matchups against Tampa Bay and Carolina this weekend. “I think we’re confident in our group,” said Barclay Goodrow, who was traded from Tampa Bay to New York in the offseason, ahead of Saturday’s 2-1 win over the Lightning. “Our job is to go out there and play and play to execute the game plan that coach put out for us and play the hardest we can. We can’t control what’s going to happen in the next 48 hours, it’s not our job. That’s Dru’s job to worry about that and our job is to go out there and play. “Within the room, we’re confident and whatever happens, happens. We’ll move on and be ready for the stretch run.” The last time Mika Zibanejad can remember the Rangers acquiring reinforcements at the trade deadline was 2016-17, his first season with the organization, when they acquired Brendan Smith from the Red Wings to prepare for the postseason. The Rangers ultimately lost in the second round to the Senators in six games. “We play today and tomorrow, so I think we have games to worry about,” Zibanejad said. “It’s hard to say how that’s going to affect the group because — I mean, Frankie is here now, but other than that, we haven’t gotten anyone else. I guess it’ll be more of a question when and if new guys are coming in. “Try not to focus on that right now, it’s not our job to do that anyways. We’ll just worry about the games and worry about what we can do on the ice and then the rest is not up to us.” Goalie Igor Shesterkin got the starting nod Saturday, which means it’s safe to assume backup Alexandar Georgiev will be in net against the Hurricanes on Sunday in Raleigh, N.C. Head coach Gerard Gallant has yet to use Shesterkin in back-to-back contests this season, which is something the coach said can be expected at the beginning of the year. Even though Shesterkin hasn’t seen that much playing time in the last few games, the Rangers are likely preparing to play the star netminder for every possible playoff game. In turn, resting Shesterkin is clearly a priority. The Rangers signed undrafted defenseman Brandon Scanlin out of the Nebraska-Omaha to a two-year, $1.85 million entry-level deal on Saturday, per CapFriendly. Scanlin, 22, just wrapped up his third season with the Mavericks. In 38 games this season, Scanlin scored six goals and dished 25 assists.