If you’ve come here, it’s likely that you already know what weighted blankets are. But in the off chance you’re exploring something new, here’s the lowdown on the popular product for helping to improve sleep quality, easing anxiety and so much more. Weighted blankets are therapeutic coverings that usually weigh between five to 30 pounds and are designed to relieve stress and create a sense of calmness. According to Understood.org, weighted blankets do this by providing pressure on the body through the glass or plastic beads that these blankets are filled with to add extra weight. There has been research done to show that these heavy blankets can help induce naturally deeper sleep cycles. The weight on your body can help to stimulate the production of serotonin (also known as the “happy hormone”), reduce cortisol (the stress hormone) and increase melatonin, which helps you fall asleep. Many reliable sources, including Penn Medicine, have discovered that weighted blankets can help to reduce anxiety, sleep disorders, ADHD and more. While shopping for a weighted blanket, it’s important to choose the proper weight amount — which depends on your own body weight. They’re available for adults, kids and even pets. The whole idea is that weighted blankets give just enough pressure on your body to soothe the nervous system, similar to how you feel when you receive a hug or cuddle with a litter of puppies. According to the Sleep Foundation, the general rule of thumb is to choose a weighted blanket that is roughly 10% of your own body weight. However, that rule doesn’t necessarily work for everyone. A blanket weighing between five to 12 percent of your body weight may be comfortable, too. The best part? Tons of different brands are slashing prices on some of their most popular items — weighted blankets included, for Sleep Awareness Week — which started on March 13 and runs through March 20. The annual week, started by the National Sleep Foundation, aims to promote better sleep as a way to increase your overall health and well-being. There’s nothing more irritating than being too hot or cold while you get some shut-eye. Luckily this Tranquility blanket is made with temperature balancing technology to keep you cool when it’s hot and warm when it’s cold. It also has a washable cover that’s great for easy cleaning any messes or spills. You can get this budget-friendly option in weights starting at 12 pounds and topping at 20 pounds. The Layla Weighted Blanket is great for restless legs because it was specifically made to alleviate the feeling of restlessness so you can finally quiet both your mind and body. The top side of the blanket is made with plush and soft mink-like fur. The other side is made with 300 thread-count 100% cotton that gives a clean, soft and easily washable surface. With the hexagon pocket stitching, this Layla weighted blanket will look just as good as it feels in your home, too. For those who are interested in trying a weighted blanket but don’t want to sacrifice their chic home decor aesthetic, consider investing in a knitted option. The Bearaby Velvet Napper blanket is luxuriously soft and made with up-cycled, earth-friendly eco-velvet material. It’s available in 15, 20 and 25-pound weights and comes in five different colors. The Saatva Organic Weighted Blanket is made with all-natural glass beads that provide gentle and even pressure. The outer material is made with a high-end 100% organic cotton velvet and it comes in either a taupe or dark gray color. The brand offers a 15 pound weighted blanket for a single size or a 25-pound option for a Queen or King size. The Quility Cotton Weighted Blanket is designed with seven layers to offer comfort with advanced sewing technology and durable materials. The blanket has a very breathable top layer that’s made with 100% cotton and lined with polyester padding. Millions of tiny glass beads are also encased by polyester to give temperature control and ensure you don’t have any leakage. It’s offered in weights from five to 30 pounds and five different colors. An added bonus? This weighted blanket comes with a removable duvet cover if you want to sleep with it all night long. The YnM Weighted Blanket is Amazon’s No. 1 Bestseller and has over 45,500 reviews plus a 4.6-star rating on Amazon.com. They over many different sizes and weights, ranging from five to 30 pounds and come in almost 25 patterns and colors. Casper’s weighted blanket design was inspired by performance outerwear so the quilted channels keep the micro-bead fill evenly distributed to hug your body better. They’re offered in three weight options: 10, 15 and 20 pounds and contain a breathable cotton cover that helps circulate air away from your body to keep you cool. Snag this weighted blanket in either navy-blue, light pink or gray. If your child suffers from anxiety or lack of sleep, consider buying them a special weighted blanket just for them. This one made by Sivio comes in dozens of adorable designs and is available in weights starting from three to 10 pounds. If you’re on the hunt for a weighted option that’s meant to be used while you sleep, you can’t go wrong with Brooklinen’s weighted comforter. It has a very similar feel to their other award-winning comforters but with an added design of weight that is evenly distributed for a deeper, more restful sleep. It has a quilted 400 thread count cotton sateen shell, the option of 15, 20 or 30-pound weights and currently 10% off! The ZoniLi Weighted Blanket includes two layers of 100% cotton fabric to make sure you have the perfect temperature control along with a layer of glass beads that are allergenic, non-toxic and odorless. Even your pup could use some relaxation from time to time. This special weighted blanket for dogs is great for your pet’s anxiety, noise aversion, excitability and other stress responses. It gives them a sense of security, protection and has a calming influence that they’ll instantly feel. The BuddyRest blanket is made with a super soft fleece material on one side and a durable suede on the exterior and is completely machine washable for easy care. For those who want to check out a weighted blanket but don’t want to break the bank, consider this option made by Smart Queen. It’s currently on sale for $30 and has just under 8,300 positive reviews on Amazon. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.