If you had a nickel for every time you brought your own bag to the store, would you have a piggy bank full, or not so much? With many states, including New York, enforcing the plastic bag ban and charging per bag, the smartest and most eco-friendly move to make is to start bringing your own to the store. Not only will you save some pennies, but you’ll be doing the environment a favor, reducing the number of single-use plastic bags that end up in the oceans and landfills. Especially with COVID-19, just be sure to wash your reusable bag often and check with your store to see if they allow them in store. If not, no worries, as you can keep them in your car and load your cart from the parking lot, still avoiding plastic bags and abiding by your store’s policies. Be it a cute printed tote or a more heavy-duty bag for larger grocery hauls, we have a list of our favorite Earth-approved bags for the grocery store, picnics and anywhere else you need a little help schlepping your stuff sans plastic. Feel fancy and French while carrying your brie and baguette home from the store in style. From Food52, the Filt French Net Market Bag is a great option for sustainable grocery shopping, as well as a cute decorative bag to hang up in a front hall or kitchen. The bags are sold in a full rainbow of colors and come in two sizes; a set of two small bags for $48 or one large bag for $74. Whether you call it a cart, a buggy, or a trolley, never need a bag at the store again with this organizer set from Lotus. Sold on Amazon, this set of four does double duty when it comes time to grocery shop. First, load up your cart with the bags, perfect for separating frozen from produce and meats. Then when it’s time to go, grab the handles and convert the dividers into bags to easily load into your car and be on your way. Before you can eat your veggies you need to actually go pick them up from the store. This bag from Society6 can help with that, designed by LaurieKentDesigns with the grocery store in mind. The bag comes in three different sizes, from a smaller 13-by-13 bag for short trips to the corner store to the largest 18-by-18 size for larger shops to last the week. There’s nothing uncommon or fun about leaving the store with too much to carry and accidentally smashing your produce or flowers in the process. This bag from Uncommon Goods is here to help, with a super large main compartment as well as an extra loop on the outside to easily slip in flowers or a fresh baguette and be on your merry way. Plus, the base of the canvas bag is made with vegan leather, adding another sturdy barrier between your food and the floor, preventing tears and spilling, too. Head to L.L. Bean for your camping and sporting needs. And yes, grocery shopping is a sport if you’re doing it right. The Everyday Lightweight Tote is perfect for all of the above. If you do want to use it for a trip to the supermarket, first decide if you want a smaller size bag for your shop or the larger version to fit your entire cart. The bags come in an array of colors from blue and green to red and yellow, so pick your favorite colors before filling with produce. To up your sustainability game even more, consider buying these highly-rated reusable mesh produce bags. They’re currently on sale for just $13, have more than 29,000 Amazon reviews and are a No. 1 bestseller, too. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.