This marriage started off on a high note. A man in Chile turned a wedding into a stoner’s paradise when he baked his sister a “magical” wedding cake laced with marijuana — and had guests dancing all night. Alvaro Rodriguez, 29, spiked just one of the seven tiers of his sister’s bridal cake with cannabis, which is decriminalized but illegal to produce and sell in the country. The Santiago resident scored 13 million views on TikTok in the video which shows the newlyweds cutting into the cake before 20 of the 100 wedding guests go buck wild on the dancefloor, laughing the night away to the tune of Sak Noel’s “Loca People.” “It was good fun,” Alvaro told Jam Press. “The funniest reaction was my aunt. I remember her back hurt and two hours after eating cake her pain disappeared and she was up dancing like a teenager.” Alvaro said that “everyone was made aware” that the cake had “magical” powers and was not given to underage guests. “Everyone was made aware of it and after the cake was cut, we made sure it was kept apart from the others and served only to adults,” he noted. The bride even asked him for the special cake after having a happy experience with “magical brownies.” “Me and my sister had already tried magical brownies and the effect was very funny, so when she asked to have a bit for her wedding I didn’t think twice,” he said. While constructing the entire cake took 20 hours in total, the “magical” layer took just two hours and “was pretty easy,” Alvaro said. “I just infused it with the butter from the day before and once the brownie set I put it with the other levels with chocolate ganache, and voila,” he explained. Alvaro’s special treat garnered both praise and confusion, with many wondering what a “magical cake” entails. “I thought by magical he meant that it had glitter or something,” one person commented. Others were inspired to DIY their own “magical” desserts for nuptials while others were amused by the antics. “Hahahaha everyone flew literally haha,” one person said. “HAHAHA this is the best video I’ve ever seen,” another chimed in. One commenter added, “I’m definitely doing this on my wedding!!”