The Long Island socialite who allegedly shoved an elderly Manhattan voice coach to her death in Chelsea earlier this month was bailed out of Rikers Island on Friday. Suspect Lauren Pazienza’s parents posted bail Friday morning, her attorney, Arthur Aidala, said outside Manhattan Criminal Court. The 26-year-old fiery redhead walked free later in the day. “We look forward to getting the evidence and the discovery material from the attorney’s office so my client will now be able to come to our office and discuss the case with her partners and I to determine what the next steps are,” Aidala told reporters. Pazienza, whose parents run a successful Long Island cesspool company, surrendered to police Tuesday on manslaughter and assault charges, authorities said. She was sent to Rikers after her first court appearance Wednesday, when a judge set her bail at $500,000 cash, $1 million bond. Pazienza is accused of shoving beloved former Broadway voice coach Barbara Maier Gustern to the ground in Chelsea on March 10. Gustern died from her injuries five days later. On the night of the shove, Pazienza allegedly crossed West 28th Street near Eighth Avenue at about 8:30 p.m. and called the elderly woman a “bitch” — before pushing her to the pavement “without provocation.” Outside of court Friday, Aidala called the circumstance a “tragedy,” and claimed they were working to “get to the bottom” of what happened. “Nobody doubts that this is a tragedy. We’re just going to get to the bottom of what really happened that day after we have all the evidence that’s in possession of the prosecutors because we don’t have any evidence,” he said. Pazienza graduated from Ward Melville High School and went on to earn a bachelor’s degree from the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan. She lives with her fiancé, Naveen Pereira, in a doorman building in Astoria. On Friday, Aidala said he did not know if the couple still planned to get married. “The first time she has face-to-face contact with her fiancé will be this evening and that will be a personal matter for them to discuss whether this is an appropriate time to get married under these conditions,” he said. Aidala also pushed back on the notion that Pazienza grew up in a privileged household, telling reporters that her father is a ditch digger. “He literally, literally digs holes where our human waste goes in and he works himself with two helpers with a shovel digging ditches,” the attorney said. “He’s far from some rich guy and she is far from a young woman who grew up in a very spoiled, privileged environment,” he added. Pazienza is due back in court on April 25.