President Biden will announce a ban on Russian energy imports Tuesday after a bipartisan coalition in Congress threatened to force his hand to punish Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. The White House announced a 10:45 a.m. speech by Biden shortly after reporting emerged that the president frantically called House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) Monday night to plead with her to table legislation to force an import ban. An administration staffer called Pelosi’s office at around 6:30 p.m. Monday and urged her to stop the House Ways and Means Committee from advancing a bill to ban Russian oil, Jacqui Heinrich of Fox News reported. Pelosi was “not moved by their arguments,” a source told Heinrich, and “told the WH staff they would be pushing ahead – so around 9:30 last night President Biden himself called Pelosi and asked her not to do it.” The White House reportedly tried to sway Democratic senators when Pelosi wouldn’t budge, but failed there as well. It’s the third time that Biden resisted a major set of sanctions in response to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion — only to adopt them in response to bipartisan pressure. Pelosi last week endorsed an oil import ban bill pushed by Sens. Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) — all but ensuring it had enough support to sail through Congress. On Monday, the top Democrats and Republicans on House and Senate committees that oversee trade announced their own legislation, which would both bar Russian energy imports and suspend normal trade with Moscow and its close ally Belarus. Some Democrats were appalled that restrictions weren’t put in place earlier as Russia’s military moved to encircle Ukraine’s capital and largest city, Kyiv, amid reports of significant civilian casualties in the battle for the country’s second-largest city, Kharkiv. “It is so obviously apparent that we need to cut it off. I wonder if there’s a reason we haven’t [and] what the hell the reason is,” Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) told NBC News last week. The US imported about 200,000 barrels of oil from Russia per day in 2021, about 3 percent of its total intake, according to the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers. White House press secretary Jen Psaki said at a Thursday press briefing that Russia accounted for “only about 10 percent of our imports.” As recently as Monday afternoon, White House press secretary Jen Psaki was telling White House reporters that “no decision has been made at this point by the president” about an import ban. NATO allies in Europe have not announced their own bans on Russian oil and natural gas, which comprise a much larger share of their domestic energy consumption. Much of Europe’s fuel supply traverses Ukrainian pipelines. On Monday, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz acknowledged that “Europe’s supply of energy for heat generation, mobility, power supply and industry cannot be secured in any other way” except with Russian fuel. The White House had resisted cutting off Russian energy, noting that it could cause the price of US gasoline to increase, in turn exacerbating already soaring inflation, which is at a 40-year high. “Reducing global oil supply would have an impact on the price of barrels of oil and ultimately gas prices,” Psaki said Friday. Biden initially announced limited sanctions against state-owned Russian banks and certain Russian businessmen when tanks rolled across Ukraine’s borders on Feb, 24. After criticism, Biden sanctioned Putin’s vast personal wealth and reached an agreement with US allies to unplug Russia from the SWIFT international banking system.