With 10 games on the NBA slate tonight, there are plenty of options for sports bettors looking to get in on the action. Luka Doncic and the Boston Celtics each provide plenty of value, and stand as two of the best bets for Wednesday’s games. Tonight, Doncic has a date with a Cleveland Cavaliers squad that has seemingly forgotten how to play defense over their last seven games. The Cavs have allowed over 117 points in four of their last seven, and rank 23rd in defensive rating over the same stretch. One of the games they didn’t allow 117 points was against the lowly Magic, and another was against the the Bulls, who run a slower pace of offense and have seemingly gone cold. Pascal Siakam went for 35 against the Cavs. LeBron James went for a 38-point, 11-rebound, 12-assist triple-double. Jerami Grant of the Pistons hung 40 points on them. Nikola Jokic posted 32 points, 10 boards, and eight assists. Joel Embiid had a monstrous 35-point, 17-rebound, and five-assist night. All of this happened in their last seven games. Doncic is capable of filling the stat sheet as well as anyone, and he is coming off a 34-point, 12-rebound, and 12-assist triple-double last night against the Lakers. He is fifth in the NBA in scoring this year at 28.0 points per game, and is already top-10 all-time in triple-doubles with 46 (at just 23 years old). I’ll take as many Doncic props as I can find tonight. The pick: Doncic OVER 38.5 Points+Rebounds. The Celtics and the Heat square off in a battle between two of the three best teams in the Eastern Conference. Both of these squads have an NBA Championship on their mind, with the two teams being separated by one game in the standings with less than two weeks left in the regular season. This game matters. The Heat have been stumbling all over themselves lately. They’ve dropped four of their last five games, including an eight-point loss to the Knicks last Friday. Fortunately for Miami, they had a get-right game against the Sacramento Kings on Monday, beating them 123-100. Still, Miami is searching for answers when playing against good teams, and they’re 1-7 against the spread in their last eight contests. For as poor as Miami has been, Boston has been that much better. The Celtics have won six of their last seven games, and are 6-1 against the spread over the same span. They rank third in scoring over their last seven games, pouring in 123.3 points per game. Miami is way down the list at 23rd over the same span, averaging 108.0. Add in the fact that this is a Boston home game, and the Celtics are poised to flex their muscles. The pick: Boston Celtics -5.0