This TikTok user is living the denim dream. A woman who goes by the name Julia K. Crist has revealed a tidbit of herself in a viral video that has fans flabbergasted. In the clip, Crist joked that her big secret was not that she was an “axe murderer” — but that she loves to sleep in her jeans. “Can’t believe i’m exposing myself like this,” she captioned her clip. And exposed she was. Her comments section was divided, with some people declaring that they do something similar and others bashing her choice of sleepwear. “I thought I was the only one,” someone wrote, while others concurred, offering, “sleeping in jeans really isn’t that bad tbh ” and “I have found my people.” “I don’t even enjoy wearing jeans during the day,” one person countered, with another declaring, “That’s like sociopathic tendencies. That is NOT OK. Lol.” Some simply labeled the jeans fan a “Criminal” and expressed extreme shock: “Oh hell naw, girl! I can’t look at you the same.” Dr. Alyssa Dweck, a New York obstetrician and gynecologist, discussed whether sleeping in clothes was the safest way to get some needed shut-eye in an interview with Metro last year. “Severe chafing” can occur, she said, adding: “I often tell my patients to sleep without underwear.” Dweck explained that if the genital area “is constantly covered — especially by a fabric that’s not moisture-wicking or absorbent — moisture collects, creating the perfect breeding ground for bacteria or yeast.” Infections from ingrown hairs can also occur, and she suggested that women wear comfier clothes to bed. “If there’s ever a time to break out the granny panties, this would be it,” she said. However, for men who go commando when getting some zzz’s, sleeping with underwear is a worse way to go. Dr. Brian Steixner, now co-director of urology at AtlantiCare, noted that male underwear sleepers have a higher chance of chafing and developing fertility issues. “Your nether regions need to be just the right temperature in order to optimize sperm production,” he told Metro. “More bacteria makes for a higher likelihood that any chafed or irritated skin down there becomes infected.”