She’s an ex-pert social media sleuth. Seeking closure after her ex-boyfriend abruptly ended their relationship, a TikTok woman named Bella took her technological talents to the extreme by creating a fake Tumblr account to monitor how frequently her ex checks her Instagram account. And, per the now-viral video series documenting her findings, Bella’s former boo has steadily stalked her online moves, every day, for the past three years. “Did I create a Tumblr to specifically see if my ex would be clicking it? Yes, I did, 100%. I had no closure. I had to do what I had to do,” the 25-year-old San Diego native wantonly confessed in a trending post with over 300,000 views. “I made [the] Tumblr specifically after my breakup just to see if this man even cared if lived or died just because of the way he acted after the breakup,” she added, later noting that he’s now engaged to another woman. “Turns out, three years later, he does.” In her series, which first launched in early February, Bella details building her faux profile with an “invisible link” that she embedded in her Linktree — a tool that allows users to share multiple links from one source on their social media sites. She then added the sham hyperlink to her Instagram bio as bait for her snooping ex-inamorato. “[I used a] website called StackCounter, and it gives you an invisible link and you have to put on [a social media site] like Tumblr,” she explained. “You get the IP address, and all it takes is one time for [the person you’re monitoring to clink the link, then] exit back onto their page or anything with their name on it. [That will] give you the hint that it’s [the person].” She continued clarifying her creep-catching tactics saying: “The exit link will f–k you up. If [the person] exits back to their account or anything with their name on it, it’ll show you in the exit. That’s where people get caught slipping.” With the help of a green-screen snapshot of her ex’s alleged online activity, Bella showed TikTok audiences the many repeated times she caught her ex visiting her Instagram profile. “The Linktree does come from my Instagram so that’s how I know it’s my Instagram, but that’s just every time he interacts with the Linktree,” she said, noting the over 20 instances he’s seen visiting her page and clicking the link on her intro-biography. “This is every time brother checks my Instagram and clicks it,” she bragged. “This isn’t every time he just looks at it, this is every time he interacts with the Linktree.” And Bella’s admittedly tickled pink about the apparent hold she still has on her soon-to-be-married former sweetie. “I sleep better at night,” she slyly boasted. “It just gives me so much peace, and it warms my heart.” And most of Bella’s followers are on fire over her hot tech tips. “Girl, this is sad, smh! Please make a tutorial and elaborate better. I need to learn. LMAO,” exclaimed one spy-happy commenter. “I just did it and you changed my LIFE!!!” whooped another. And she encouraged her lovesick fans to put her ex-watching tricks to the test. “If it gives you peace of mind to know that they’re actually looking, it may be worth making a Linktree, making a Tumblr and putting it in your bio.”