A reputed Latin Kings gang member was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison on Friday for killing an FDNY firefighter during a road-rage attack in Brooklyn, prosecutors said. Joseph Desmond, 33, of Staten Island, was found guilty of second-degree murder last month in the Dec. 9, 2018 bludgeoning death of 33-year-old Faizal Coto. Dozens of New York’s Bravest and family members of Coto’s, including his parents Fidelina and Azwar Coto, packed the courtroom and welcomed the maximum sentence imposed by Judge Vincent Del Giudice. The slain firefighter’s brother, Ishmael Coto, addressed the killer directly in court, blasting him as a “coward.” “You are the one who, like a coward, hit my brother on the side of his head with a weapon and drove off leaving him for dead at the side of the highway,” he said. “My brother can no longer see or talk to his family, and there is no hope that he’ll come back and be reunited with us and it’s just not fair.” He pointed out that Friday was Desmond’s 33rd birthday, the same age his brother was when his life was tragically cut short. “Today you turn 33 years old, and that’s the same age my brother was when you took his life,” Ishmael Coto said, calling it “poetic justice.” Desmond — who beat the off-duty firefighter to death after a minor accident on the Belt Parkway — showed no remorse and claimed he had been framed with “tampered evidence” in the case. But Del Giudice shot down the claim, saying Desmond’s vile actions were “the very definition of the senseless violence” that plagues society. “You deprived people of this city a person who’s dedicated to responding to their need for help and assistance in times of crisis,” Del Giudice said. “Your ability to do as you please and have a negative impact on our society has come to an end.” Assistant District Attorney Andy Palacio said that Coto, a three-year FDNY veteran who was assigned to Engine 245/Ladder 161 in Brooklyn, had asked the judge for the maximum sentence for the “utterly senseless” murder. “Faizal Coto should be alive today with his family,” Palacio said. “He should be serving his community as a firefighter. This defendant robbed Faizal Coto of his life for absolutely no reason.” Coto was driving on the Belt near Bay Eighth Street in Bath Beach at around 4:45 a.m. when his Ford Mustang collided with an Infiniti G35 registered to Desmond collided. The drivers pulled over and Desmond beat Coto with a hard object and then left him on the side of the road and sped away. The NYPD and US Marshals tracked Desmond to a room in the Circle Motor Lodge in South Amboy, NJ, where they arrested him days later. “I’m ecstatic about the verdict,” said one firefighter at his station house in Brooklyn after the sentence was delivered. “He shouldn’t get out after 25 years.” Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez called Coto “a dedicated public servant, who had committed himself to making it better for society and his life was stolen.” “I am so grateful to the court and to the prosecutors from my office for holding him accountable and making sure that the family can get some solace from the fact that he can never hurt anyone else.”