Much like our countdown for the next season of The Bachelor and Bachelorette, we’re also counting down the days to summer. With summer comes endless beach trips to pepper our weeks with sun-soaked bliss. So, a quality beach chair is worth picking up ASAP. Beach chairs are something you likely don’t give a second thought to (after all, it’s a chair), but think again — if you’re a frequenter to the sand in your sunnies and sunscreen, you want an easy-to-carry, quality seater to read your next favorite book and enjoy the sounds of seagulls and ocean waves. Luckily, we curated a list of the 15 beach chairs of 2022, including loungers, backpacks, canopies and more. Read below for our top options, varying in size, style and price point. We want you to have the full beach experience, truly, so all you have to do is sit back and relax. As one of Amazon’s most popular, Rio Brands’ Beach Chair is just above $50 and is adorned in this beautiful blue, white, green and white striped batter. It’s a backpack style — so it’s easy to carry — and has four reclining adjustments and a side pouch for your phone or sunscreen. If you’re looking for an affordable option, Coleman’s Camping Chair is as good as it gets. Not only does it come with a built-in cooler but it comes in three other colors and is just as fabulous for the sand as it is for the camp grounds. For those who love to lay, pick up Rio Beach’s Portable Folding Backpack Beach Lounge Chair. It’s like your outdoor patio furniture, but portable, and can fully recline for an all-day tan. Plus, it comes in a variety of colorways. Level up your beach experience with a canopy that is perfect for up to four adults. It includes a waterproof carrying bag, is nearly eight feet tall in stature and is even great for lawns to host your cozy picnic. This two-pack of lounge chairs is wonderful for poolside and oceanside alike. The twin offering comes in virtually every color under the sun, too. Not to mention, the chairs have a lightweight, portable design with a removable storage tray on their side. Introducing the beach chair with the most southern charm. It’s too cute to pass up, holds up nicely and is even great for your patio for reading and relaxing. Though this model from Business & Pleasure Co. is a splurge, it’s surely one that’ll last. What’s great about the Quik Beach Chair is not only the less-than-$100 price point, but it’s including a mini canopy to provide shade. It also has a longer back allowing you to stretch into the sand and giving you a bit extra room. For a no-frills, durable beach chair that’s built to last, consider Caribbean Joe’s Deluxe Reclining Beach Chair. Wayfair has an entire collection of beach chairs to choose from, but the aquatic colors and built-in headrest pillow are nice touches. There’s no brand quite like Tommy Bahama for providing a low-to-the-sand beach chair that’s comfortable and snazzy. For $90, its collapsible design makes it one of the most lightweight and easy-to-carry options on this list. As one of our personal favorites, Cool Cabana’s 5 Beach Cabana is the creme de la creme of portable beach seaters, providing you shade and a mini safe haven right at the ocean floor. It’s especially great for shade and privacy, too, and a worthwhile investment if you frequent the beach often. There’s no other beach seater like UniPride’s Folding Beach Chairs. Evoking a towel-like design, the two-pack is perfect if you want a comfortable place to lay but don’t want to simply put a towel down on the sand (it’s the best of both worlds!) If you’re seeking a two-pack of beach chairs, don’t skip on the quality. For less than $200, Tommy Bahama has you equipped with a tropical-colored set that’s sure to have you relaxing in no time. Plus, the side pouches are a must on long beach days. This guide would be incomplete without a mention of a beach chair for babies and kids. It’s not only affordable but the mini seater comes in a few different colors (and the cutest umbrella ever) to keep your kids protected from the sun’s rays and comfortable. Similar to many others in this edit, SunVilla’s Beach Chair is another backpack-carry option, so it’s perfect for long treks to the beach. Other than this key feature, its head pillow and fun, summertime pattern are also nice touches. Nothing is easier to set up than Outak’s Pop-Up Beach Tent. As its name suggests, it literally pops right up, giving you the shade and convenience you want ASAP as soon as you hit the beach. Not to mention, it also comes in a lovely coral color. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.