President Biden said Wednesday that the US will give Ukraine $800 million in military aid — including drones — hours after Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky brought members of Congress to their feet twice with an emotional request for help fending off Russia’s invasion. Biden refused to answer any questions from reporters — including about Zelensky’s specific plea for fighter jets — after arriving onstage more than an hour late and then speaking for fewer than 10 minutes. “We will keep up the pressure on Putin’s Kremlin economy, isolating him on the global stage. That’s our goal: make Putin pay the price and weaken his position while strengthening the hand of the Ukrainians on the battlefield at the negotiating table,” the president said. “Together with our allies and partners, we’re going to stay the course and we’ll do everything we can to push for an end to this tragic and unnecessary war. This is a struggle to pitch the appetites of an autocrat against humankind’s desire to be free.” The package announced by Biden included 100 drones, but the White House did not specifically reveal what type. NBC News had reported Tuesday that US officials were weighing sending to Ukraine single-use Switchblade drones — nicknamed “kamikaze drones” — that can fly 50 miles before exploding when they reach their target. The relatively new drone technology is inexpensive at around $6,000 per device and has not been used widely in prior wars. Biden offered more granular detail on other US shipments — a day after signing legislation that included $13.6 billion in Ukraine aid. “At the request of President Zelensky, we have identified and are helping Ukraine acquire additional longer range anti-aircraft systems, and the munitions for those systems. Our new assistance package also includes 9,000 anti-armor systems — these are portable high accuracy shoulder-mounted missiles that the Ukrainian forces have been using with great effect to destroy invading tanks and armored vehicles,” Biden said. The White House later revealed that those missiles includ 6,000 AT-4 anti-tank weapons and 2,000 Javelins, which have become one of the symbols of Ukraine’s resistance to the Russian invasion. “It will include 7,000 small arms —machine guns, shotguns, grenade launchers — to equip the Ukrainians, including the brave women and men who are defending their cities as civilians and they’re in the countryside as well … as well as the ammunition, artillery and mortar rounds to go with small arms — 20 million rounds in total, 20 million rounds,” Biden went on. Despite the latest tranche of US assistance, the president warned that Ukraine faced a “long and difficult battle.” Biden made no mention in his statement of Zelensky’s request for a no-fly zone over Ukraine and declined to answer a question about the proposed transfer of MiG-29 fighter jets from Poland — which some Republican members of Congress had asked for after the Ukrainian president’s remarks. “I’m not going to comment on that right now. I’m not going to comment on anything other than what I told you today,” Biden said. Biden axed Poland’s plan to transfer 28 MiG-29 fighter jets last week after Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Poland had a “green light” to move forward, which the Warsaw government hoped to do with US help. The American president’s remarks were initially scheduled for 11:45 a.m., a little more than two hours after Zelensky addressed members of the House and Senate via video link. Biden’s statement was eventually pushed back to 12:30 p.m. and he took the stage at the White House-adjacent Eisenhower Executive Office Building another 32 minutes late, at 1:02 p.m. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. During his virtual remarks to Congress, Zelensky pointedly asked the US to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine, which members of both parties in Congress largely oppose because it would raise the possibility of direct fighting between the US and Russia. Since Russian troops rolled across Ukraine’s borders on Feb. 24, Biden has imposed harsh economic sanctions against Russian President Vladimir Putin’s government and Russia’s economy — though many of those steps followed pressure from Congress. Days after the invasion began, Biden responded to intense pressure and imposed sanctions on Putin’s vast personal wealth and reached an agreement with US allies to partially unplug Russia from the SWIFT international banking system. As a broad bipartisan alliance in Congress readied legislation to force his hand, Biden last week announced an import ban on Russia oil, natural gas and coal. Zelensky outlined new potential areas of pressure as Biden prepares to attend a NATO summit in Belgium next week, including a call to impose economic sanctions on “all politicians in the Russian Federation” and a request for S-300 surface-to-air missiles. The package by the White House ultimately included 800 Stinger anti-aircraft systems. Ukraine is not formally a US ally, but the American government has donated about $3 billion in military aid since 2014, when Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine and fomented rebellion by a pair of pro-Moscow separatist states in eastern Ukraine. But Biden said last week that helping Poland transfer fighter jets to Ukraine could spark “World War III.” A senior US defense official said Friday that Ukraine is believed to still have 56 fighter jets that are able to fly about five to 10 missions a day within the country. It’s unclear why Ukraine has not used its air force to bomb a miles-long Russian convoy north of the capital city, Kyiv, though some experts speculate that Ukrainian leaders are reserving equipment for a potential counterattack if enemy forces get closer to the capital.