Elon Musk has urged caution for Ukrainians who access Starlink internet within the country — warning that the Russian military will likely target users during its escalating invasion of Ukraine. Musk’s firm SpaceX sent a shipment of Starlink terminals to provide Ukraine with internet access due to concerns the country would lose reliable access during invasion. But as Russia steps up its bombardment of major cities, Musk and others have cautioned that the satellite signals could turn Ukrainians into targets. “Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high,” Musk tweeted. “Please use with caution.” Musk urged Ukrainians to take certain precautions when using Starlink. “Turn on Starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible,” Musk added. “Place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection.” Musk’s delivery of Starlink terminals came at the request of Ukraine Vice Prime Minister Mykhailo Fedorov, who has said the broadband internet service “keeps our cities connected and emergency services saving lives” in the event of outages. The Starlink terminals were activated last Saturday upon their arrival in Ukraine. John Scott-Railton, a senior researcher at the University of Toronto’s Citizen Lab, explained the threat facing Starlink users in Ukraine. In a viral Twitter thread, Scott-Railton said Russia has “decades of experience hitting people by targeting their satellite communications.” Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. “If #Putin controls the air above #Ukraine, users’ uplink transmissions become beacons… for airstrikes,” he tweeted. Fedorov acknowledged the billionaire’s warning on Twitter, noting that Ukraine planned to keep using the Starlink terminals “after our victory” over Russia. Musk also fired back at Russia after Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Russia’s space agency, purportedly criticized SpaceX for assisting Ukraine despite its status as a civilian firm. Musk responded to a translation circulating on Twitter in which Rogozin purportedly claimed that the billionaire had “chosen his side” in the conflict. “Ukraine civilian Internet was experiencing strange outages – bad weather perhaps? – so SpaceX is helping fix it,” Musk tweeted.