PALM BEACH, Fla. — In the wake of the Giants releasing safety Logan Ryan — a team captain under the Joe Judge coaching regime — it was fascinating to hear the first player head coach Brian Daboll mentioned when asked about the need for new team leaders: Xavier McKinney. “I think there’s young, guys like ‘X,’ Daniel and Saquon and then there’s some older guys I’ve gotten to meet as they’re doing rehab in the building, guys like Shep, Martinez,’’ Daboll said. “It takes everybody to build a culture. And you like to draft young guys and develop them and see them grow.’’ These were mostly the predictable players for Daboll to list. Daniel Jones, Saquon Barkley, Sterling Shepard, Blake Martinez. McKinney, though, was a wild card. Perhaps the new front office and coaching groups felt McKinney, a talented safety entering his third NFL season, is ready to assume a greater leadership role and that Ryan’s presence in the locker room and on the field might have stunted that development. Parting ways with Ryan had nothing to do with creating salary cap space — the savings was a modest $775,000. Other factors, such as Ryan at 31 years old perhaps losing a step or not fitting with what defensive coordinator Wink Martindale wants, could all be part of the reasoning. Ryan reunited with Tom Brady and signed with the Buccaneers. “There’s decisions that are made every offseason that are tough decisions,’’ Daboll said. “I’ve known Logan for a little bit of time and at the end of the day, we just thought it was the right thing for us to do and I wish Logan great success in Tampa. He’s a good player. “Look, when you’re taking over a new program there’s decisions that need to be made and you make those decisions, you do what you think is the right thing to do for your team.’’ Daboll, as did general manager Joe Schoen, said he called Barkley when reports out of the scouting combine indicated the Giants were trying to find a trade partner for the marquee running back. “When things come out, I try to stay on top of it,’’ Daboll said. “I have kids that are 22 and 21 years old. They’re people first. It’s important to show a little empathy too to the guys in the situations they’re in. I know it’s a tough business but I think it’s a people business too.’’ The Giants this offseason brought back QB Davis Webb, their third-round pick in 2017. This was a move instigated by Daboll, who worked with Webb the past three years when Webb was on the Bills’ practice squad. The Bills actually offered Webb a job as their quarterbacks coach, but Webb, 27, wanted to extend his playing career as long as possible. “He’s the best teammate that I’ve ever seen,’’ Daboll said. “And I hate using that word, but he’s unbelievable with his teammates in terms of off the field, studying. He would meet with Josh [Allen] every Friday to go through our call sheet and organize it. He was a great sounding board and a really good competitor.’’