The mother of the 14-year-old boy who was shot outside his Brooklyn high school decried the city’s surging gun violence, telling The Post Tuesday that “it could happen to anyone.” The 50-year-old mom, who spoke anonymously to protect her son’s identity, said he was about to jump on the subway home from Boys and Girls High School around 2:45 p.m. Monday when a bullet struck him in the ankle at Fulton Street and Utica Avenue. “I’m just speechless because there’s so many guns on the street and I don’t know what the solution is,” the mom said, as the city grapples with a nearly 15 percent uptick in shootings as of Sunday compared to last year, according to the latest NYPD data. “Sometimes, the situation seems hopeless. I’m a positive person and I don’t like to see the situation as hopeless. It happened to my son. It could happen to anyone.” Doctors removed the bullet from her son’s ankle and one of his bones was broken, she said. The teen, who plays basketball, was sent home in a cast and crutches Monday night. “But it could have been worse,” the mom continued. “We’re holding onto the fact that he did not die. My son just started at the school. He was simply going to the train station to get home.” Sources said the teen was part of a group that had gotten into a spat with another crowd when the shots were fired. No arrests have been made. “I hope that they catch whoever did this and that he’s taken off the street,” the mom said. “They’re destroying real lives. My son could have been killed.” Meanwhile, the NYPD released images and a video Tuesday showing the two young gunmen wanted in connection with the shooting, cops said. The photos show one of the suspects, wearing an orange coat with a fur-lined hood and dark pants, opening fire in the broad-daylight melee, and the other dressed in dark clothing also pointing a gun. Cops described the gunmen as two males between the ages of 16 and 18. No one else was injured. “It feels hopeless because the same community that is supposed to help raise your son is getting so out of hand that you don’t feel safe in the street or near a school,” the mom said. “There was a cop car right there on the street. I’m just saying it feels hopeless when it comes to gun violence in the street.” The mom said her son was “a good student” — and she was sympathetic toward the shooter, to a point. “I feel sorry for him because he doesn’t have the right guidance,” she said. “But my son is the one who was in the hospital and his father and I are going through it with him.” Additional reporting by Larry Celona