If you have trouble sleeping and feel like you have tried all the tricks – we might have one more up our sleeve for you. Popping a couple of key plants in your bedroom could not only provide some calm but help you nod off. Plant expert Richard Cheshire revealed: “A valerian plant will look beautiful in your bedroom thanks to its small pink and white flowers. “Aside from the sweet scent, valerian plants have been used for centuries to help with sleep problems including insomnia. “Inhaling the scent of valerian root has been shown to induce sleep and improve the quality of sleep.” Taking medicinal valerian root dates back to ancient Greek and Roman times. But while strong clinical evidence is lacking, benefits in sleep quality and falling asleep faster has been reported by people using it. A common theory is that the extract stimulates nerve cells to release a chemical called gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) It slows down nerve cell activity and produces a calming effect. We have previously told how another plant could transform your sleep. The snake plant does not only look great, it could improve your life by pumping oxygen into your abode. Unlike other plants it releases all its oxygen at night, so you get an extra boost of the stuff of life. Having a plentiful supply of oxygen while you sleep helps you to slumber better, and improves mood and mental alertness the next day. Lower levels of oxygen can result in a headache when you wake up, and higher levels encourage the brain to stay in deeper and more restorative sleep, studies have suggested. Sleep hacks, and how to improve your slumber, has been a hot topic for weary Brits. We’ve previously told how the key to nodding off quickly is relaxing in an hour or so before bed, says the ‘Sleep Geek’ James Wilson. In fact, the sleep practitioner and co-founder of Beingwell said it doesn’t even matter what time you go to bed, as long as the body is wound down first. He said to fill a hot water bottle with lukewarm water, then rest your bare feet on it while you chill out. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.