Men are hot to tot. When Lakin and Kelsey Spinks married in January of 2016, the two were both still in their 20s, but Lakin was eager to have a baby ASAP. “I didn’t want to be the old decrepit dad at the ballpark walking around with a cane,” the 33-year-old construction project manager told The Post. But Kelsey, now 29, wanted to wait to get the stroller rolling and focus on her career, traveling and enjoying life as a newly married couple. “I really wanted to take time being just us before throwing kids in the mix,” the health care strategy consultant told The Post. The stereotype of recent brides wanting to get knocked up as soon as they return from their honeymoon — and perhaps before their husbands are ready to be dads — is being turned on its head. Advancements in egg-freezing and fertility treatments have allowed women to delay child-bearing and focus on increasingly rewarding careers. These days, it’s often men, not their partners, who have burning cases of baby fever. “Women are less anxious about [getting pregnant],” said Rachel Moheban-Wachtel, a couple’s therapist at the Relationship Suite in New York City who has seen a cultural shift with men leading the charge to start a family. The change is even prevalent in celebrity couples. According to OK Magazine, Justin Bieber, 28, was recently “devastated” after Hailey, 25,  declared that she is “definitely” not ready to have a baby this year. In a WSJ Magazine interview, Hailey was asked about starting a family and said she intended to wait. “What about all the things I want to accomplish in my business?” she told WSJ. “I think I had it ingrained in my head that I was going to want to have kids right away and I was going to want to have kids super, super young. Then I turned 25 and I’m like, I’m still super, super young!” Justin reportedly feels otherwise, with an insider telling OK that the pop star “has been eager to have children for a while now, and he’s getting impatient.” Some men are making such intentions known very early on, which dating experts and relationship coaches suggest. Sara Katherine Mills, 24, remembers when her now-husband, Malachi, 25, asked her about baby names on their third date — and she was still in high school. “I had never thought about that before,” the photographer told The Post. The Gainesville, Georgia-based couple married in December 2019 after five years of dating, but Sara Katherine still isn’t ready to start a family. “I’m not 100% against having kids, but I just don’t want it in my life right now. I just don’t want them that bad,” she said. Single women also aren’t feeling the itch to have a baby. Last year, a Match.com survey found a 19% dip in singles under 40 who said it was important to have a partner who wanted to have kids compared to 2017. The decreased interest in having children was “most pronounced among women, with only 56% now saying it is important to find a partner who wants children, while 68% of men say they want a partner who wants children,” according to the research. Kelsey eventually came around to having kids. After two years of settling into a job that she enjoys she and Lakin, who are based in Alabama, welcomed their first son in July 2019. “I took time to be selfish and put myself first,” Kelsey said. “Once I got that out of my system, I decided it was time to have kiddos!” 