Social media watchdogs can still hear the drums of “Africa” echoing from Sunday night. While Will Smith’s slap heard ’round the world pulled focus, the 2022 Oscars were also being slammed online after some viewers accused the production team of “weird” and “embarrassing” music choices throughout the show. British actor Daniel Kaluuya and American singer H.E.R., who both won big at last year’s Academy Awards, appeared onstage together early in the night to present the award for Best Supporting Actress. As the two black stars walked onto centerstage, an instrumental version of Toto’s “Africa” was played in the background, sending social media into a frenzy. “So far they’ve introduced Daniel Kaluuya and H.E.R. with Toto’s “Africa” and Stephanie Beatriz with “La Isla Bonita,” honestly how the hell is this happening?,” tweeted Rob Sheffield, a Rolling Stone writer and author of “Love is a Mixtape.” Despite executive producer Will Packer’s goal of a more inclusive Academy Awards telecast with a mostly black production team (including orchestra conductor Dontae Winslow and beloved DJ D-Nice), Hollywood’s biggest night continued with what some considered a barrage of controversial song choices for much of the three-hour live show. Breakout stars Jacob Elordi and Rachel Zegler came out together to present best visual effects as “Beggin'” by Måneskin blared through the speakers. Some Twitter pundits perceived the song as a not so subtle dig at Zegler — who drew a lot of attention leading up to the show when she shared that she was not invited and could not get a ticket to the show despite her movie being nominated for seven Oscars. The “West Side Story” starlet was eventually invited as a presenter after social media and fellow stars expressed their upset at the snub but Zegler made sure to make a quick quip about her attendance. “I can’t believe we are here tonight at the Oscars. Growing up in Australia I never thought that I would stand here on this stage,” Elordi said. To which Zegler replied, “And I never thought I would be here six days ago. Dreams really come true, pretty fast too.” Later in the night, the production team chose to play Madonna’s Latin-inspired hit “La Isla Bonita” as actress and singer Stephanie Beatriz. The Argentinian star graced the stage to introduce the performance of “Dos Orugutias,” the Best Song nominee from her Disney hit “Encanto” but viewers were shocked by her walk out music. The cringe song choices continued with “Vivir Mi Vida” by Marc Anthony being played when “Encanto” won for best animated feature film. Fans of the global hit noted that the film was embraced as a celebration of Colombian culture but presented with a song by a Puerto Rican artist. As “Encanto” continued to be represented, viewers were upset yet again when “Oye Cómo Va” by Santana, a Mexican musician, was heard as John Leguizamo, a Colombian actor, walked across the stage. The scandalous song choices that persisted throughout the night did not go unnoticed by viewers leading many to connect the dots and express their discomfort on social media.