Police arrested four suspects and are looking for a fifth in the shooting death of a North Carolina reality TV star’s son. Harley Alexander Shirley, 21, was shot and killed at a memorial balloon release on February 17, honoring Xavier Smith, who was killed in a car crash. Harley Shirley is the son of Ronnie Shirley, a co-owner of Lizard Lick Towing. The Shirley family starred in a reality show based on their business from 2011 to 2014. Ronnie posted a video where he tearfully talked about how his son was shot by a “coward.” Two women and two teens have been taken into custody for the shooting. A 16-year-old and 17-year-old were charged with murder and attempted murder. Authorities announced Thursday that they were looking for Ferrell Jackson, 19. Jackson is wanted for obstructing justice in the investigation. Sophie Hagy was also shot during the incident and has since returned from the hospital but was left paralyzed. Her family is raising money for her treatment. Both teens were arrested last month, according to officials. Their names have not been publicly released since they’re minors. Cassidy Lorene Hunter, 21, was arrested and charged with accessory after the fact. She is being held at the Johnston County Jail with a $1 million bond. Diana Sarah Jackson, 38, was charged with obstructing justice related to the investigation. She is being held on a $100,000 secured bond. The shooting occurred in front of Smith’s home on February 17. The suspects fled, authorities say. Two gunshot victims were found in the parking lot of a Sheetz down the road. This sentiment about his killer was mirrored in a heartbreaking post by his sister Lexy Shirley on Facebook where she shared the details of the upcoming funeral arrangements. “I can’t believe that a cowardly excuse of a human stole you from us,” Lexy’s post said. “I can’t even truly put into words how I feel; my heart is shattered, and I need one of your hugs now more than ever.” Ron also made a post on his Facebook page stating: “He’s at peace now – waiting on the rest of us to arrive at those gates- we will be there soon Big Shur – and will always cherish the times we had while you were with us son.” This story originally appeared on the Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.