So you need to eat some food and, if time allows, maybe take a shower. But now that your little one is crawling on all fours, and maybe even walking, it’s a bit trickier. After all, there was once a time where you could place your baby in a bouncer and call it a day — or a few minutes before they started crying. But now, you may need to opt for something with a little more structure, such as a baby playpen. To help make parenting a tad bit easier, we rounded up our favorite baby playpens currently on Amazon, and they aren’t your typical white picket fence-like contraptions. Instead, they are comfortable, safe and perfect for you and your baby. Keep reading to discover the 10 best baby and toddler playpens on Amazon in 2022. Measuring 79 x 63 x 26 inches, this packable playpen provides a large play area for your little one to stand, crawl and explore. The playpen also comes with 50 ocean play balls, four handlers and one storage bag for on-the-go adventures. The play pen is also made of strong material that’s easily cleaned and features a net perimeter. Best of all, parents don’t have to worry about the baby tipping the fence over, as strong suction cups secure it to the ground. Headed to the beach? On your way to grandma’s? Simply need a pop-up pen in your home office? Then this is the portable playpen for you and your baby. The pop and release technology makes setting up and tearing down this playpen a breeze, while the large 59 x 48 inch size makes it spacious and roomy. To infinity and beyond! Let your little space adventurer explore with this playpen perfect for both the outdoor and indoors. Included, you’ll find 14 panels that measure 4.75 x 4.75 x 2 ft in total. The material is sturdy and durable, so you don’t have to worry about your baby using their super strength to knock it over. This playpen also features multiple built-in games ready to keep your kiddo entertained. Measuring 42.5 x 35.4 x 41.3 inches, this deluxe nursery center includes a fully removable bassinet, flip-away changing table, storage pocket, napper and canopy. The nursery center is also fully equipped with large wheels, brakes and a one-hand locking mechanism, making transportation from room to room simple. Made with eight panels, this play yard measured 262.5 x 2 x 26 inches. Have a smaller space? No worries, simply remove two panels and instantly enjoy a more compact play area. If you’re in need of an all-encompassing playpen, this is it. Not only does this set include the needed 70.5 x 47.6 x 24.6 inch playpen itself, but it also includes 50 ocean balls, a high-quality baby mat, breathable mesh, strong suction cups and a travel bag. Another stellar on-the-go play yard option is this Graco pick. The play yard measures 40 x 28.5 x 29 inches and is great for babies. When you’re ready to head out on an adventure, simply fold it up and go. You’ll be on your way in no time. Measuring 25 x 57 x 57 inches, this playpen isn’t just great for your kiddo, but is also spacious enough for a friend too! The playpen includes a total of 14 panels, double anti-slip suction cups and a safety lock gate. Simple to assemble and disassemble, this play pen for kiddos is comfortable and spacious measuring 71 x 59 x 27 inches. Not to mention, this play pen will also look great in any space with its neutral gray color. Your child can also look forward to ocean balls and three space plushes. We couldn’t end our roundup without mentioning this classic playpen. This Evenflo option measures 7.5 x 34.5 x 27.75 inches and is great for both outdoor and indoor use. In no time, your little one will be roaming free and your mind will be at ease. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.