Are you an accountant who enjoys birdwatching and goes to church? You could be among the “most boring people” in the world, according to a new peer-reviewed study published in the March issue of the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin. “Unfortunately, some people are perceived as boring,” wrote the researchers in the study, which was helmed by University of Essex psychology professor Wijnand Van Tilburg. The research team reported that “despite the potential relevance that these perceptions might have in everyday life, the underlying psychological processes and consequences of perceiving a person as ‘boring’ have been largely unexplored.” In order to deduce what tedious types of people induce the doldrums, the scientists asked 463 volunteers to rate the most stereotypically mind-numbing traits, jobs and hobbies for the study titled “Boring People: Stereotype Characteristics, Interpersonal Attributions, and Social Reactions.” Occupation-wise, the respondents ranked data analysis, accounting, tax/insurance, cleaning and banking among the most boring lines of work. Interestingly, gigs in the performing arts, science, health, teaching and journalism sectors were seen as the most exciting. Sitting atop the blandness rankings in terms of hobbies were religion, watching TV, observing animals, math and — wait for it — sleeping. When asked about makes a person seem monotonous, the volunteers listed characteristics including a lack of interests, a nonexistent sense of humor, having no opinions, and a tendency to complain. “The more typical the features of stereotypical boringness described a person, the more the person was perceived as boring,” the research team reported, according to Science Alert. Some even equated dullness with a lack of interpersonal warmth or competence — the latter of which Van Tilburg found ironic given the high-level nature of many of these so-called “boring” gigs. “It was interesting to me to see the study showed that boring people were not seen as competent,” the lead study author told SWNS. “I would have thought that accountants would be seen as boring, but effective and the perfect person to do a good job on your tax return.” He also mused, “The truth of the matter is people like bankers and accountants are highly capable and have power in society — perhaps we should try not to upset them and stereotype them as boring.” Either way, Van Tilburg claims that the stigma has caused these so-called mundanity merchants to suffer socially, explaining: “People may not take time to speak to those with ‘boring’ jobs and hobbies, instead choosing to avoid them.” “They don’t get a chance to prove people wrong and break these negative stereotypes,” he lamented, adding that this ostracization can cause loneliness and other negative mental health effects. This could prove particularly problematic given the “epidemic of loneliness” that former New York City health commissioner Dr. Dave A. Chokshi said is plaguing Gothamites following the COVID-19 quarantine. 1. Data analysis2. Accounting3. Tax/insurance4. Cleaning5. Banking 1. Performing arts2. Science3. Journalism4. Health professional5. Teaching 1. Sleeping2. Religion3. Watching TV4. Observing animals5. Mathematics