Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins on Tuesday tried to foist some of the blame for Albany refusing to tighten its lax bail reform laws onto Gov. Kathy Hochul, saying she is clearly in her camp on the matter. “People want to exploit the fact that we do not want to incarcerate people because they are poor. So everything becomes quote, unquote bail reform,” Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) said during a press gaggle in Albany. “I think the governor has been very clear that the reforms that we did were right. The kind of orchestrated message that somehow this was wrong is not true,” added Stewart-Cousins. The leader put Hochul on the spot after The Post reported last week that a bipartisan and growing number of legislators are recommending that judges should have the discretion to order bail or detention for defendants who are recidivist criminals with a lengthy record of convictions — following a series of high-profile cases where people were released into the streets without bail only to break the law again. Assemblywoman Inez Dickens (D-Harlem) said she recently spoke to Lt. Gov. Brian Benjamin about Frank Abrokwa, the Bronx poop attacker with a lengthy rap sheet that included 22 prior arrests and dozens of other sealed arrests since 1999. She said Benjamin — Hochul’s number two and running mate — agreed that something has to be done. Abrokwa was arrested after he allegedly smeared his feces in the face of a woman at a Bronx subway station on Feb. 21 only to be freed without bail. Dickens has proposed legislation to make smearing or throwing bodily fluids at someone a felony crime, and said the no-cash bail law first approved in 2019 — automatically releasing defendants accused of most non-violent and minor misdemeanor crimes — should be revisited. Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx), like Stewart-Cousins, is resisting requests to change the bail law. Hochul said in January that she rejected renewed calls to give judges powers to keep dangerous pre-trial suspects behind bars — something sought by Mayor Eric Adams. She said she wouldn’t “cave to pressure.” But the governor hasn’t said much since then and a source last week told The Post that she may be having a change of heart and looking to tweak the no-cash bail law. Hochul is the heavy favorite in a Democratic primary this year but could face attacks of being soft on crime by Republicans in the general election, barring changes in the law. Stewart-Cousins claims that Republicans are running a coordinated scare campaign to mislead voters on the no-cash bail law. But sources said there are 12 Democratic senators in her own caucus looking to toughen up the bail law, among them. James Skoufis (D-Rockland). “You can’t be shoplifting on Monday, get a ticket and shoplift at the same store on Tuesday,” said Skoufis, chairman of the Senate Investigations Committee. Hochul spokeswoman Hazel Crampton-Hays, when asked about Sewart-Cousins’ comments, said, “Governor Hochul’s executive budget includes bold initiatives to embrace this once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in our future, and we look forward to continuing to work with the legislature to finalize a budget that serves all New Yorkers.” One Albany source said it looks like the Democratic leaders are playing a game of chicken on bail reform. “They want to see who blinks first,” the Democratic insider said.