An abandoned, but expansive, Welsh hotel that once hosted everyone from Winston Churchill to Richard Burton is up for sale, asking $1.26 million. Known as the former Bontddu Hall Hotel and located in the heart of the Snowdonia National Park in North Wales, the estate stands on 2.4 acres of land overlooking a river. But there’s a twist. A fire left half of the hotel recently destroyed, with the other half perfectly preserved. The property was originally built in 1873 as a country residence for the mayor of Birmingham at the time. “[It] is no longer able to be utilized as a property in its given state although the structure, in part, still stands,” the current listing notes. “Therefore, the opportunity is being offered to the market predominantly for redevelopment of the existing hall, or for an incoming buyer to develop as required, subject to relevant planning permissions and consents from the local authority.” Made up of 20 bedrooms, the hotel was considered of the grandest hotels in Wales, operating until 2004. Other notable guests who have stayed there include Neville Chamberlain and Sean Connery. After the closure of the hotel, the estate was transformed into a private residence — until a fire broke out in 2020, killing the owner’s wife as it tore through. The structure has remained abandoned ever since. Surprisingly, photos show the exterior practically untouched by the fire. As you make your way inside, blackened walls, dilapidated rooms and rubble are all seen throughout. One of the rooms is entirely destroyed, buried under ruins, while the ornate hallway next to it remains in perfect condition. “I love exploring these places left as it gives an insight to what the world would be like after humans,” urban exploration vlogger Mr Airborne told Media Drum World. “At the time I was there I didn’t know much about the history of the woman dying,” he explained. “It was a stunning place to see, and the parts that are half burnt and half still there in perfect condition were amazing.” “It shows two sides to the life of this place in one shot.” Christie & Co currently holds the listing.