For those of us in tiny apartments, working out at home can be a challenge. If you don’t have space for a treadmill, you can still get working on your summer body this spring with help from Moviing Online Yoga & Fitness Classes, which requires absolutely no equipment. A lifetime subscription to this app is currently available for the best price online right here — just $149 — for a limited time. Instructors, themselves, have built this app for people just like you — providing you with workouts you can do from your bedroom, living room, or studio apartment, without any bulky workout equipment. Your favorite famous fit-fluencers, like yoga stars Amina Taha, Sara Ticha, and Rebekah Letch, are all on-hand to help you get started, and you can chat with them one-on-one.  From yoga to pilates to meditation, HIIT, dance cardio and more, there are classes available for everyone, anytime and anywhere. Over 1,200 workouts are currently at your disposal, ranging from beginner level to advanced. And you can find the exact one you need for the time you have by filtering them by category, level, language, area of focus, instructor, or even duration. Aside from being a top yoga app, this also serves as a social app, too! Chat with yellow yoga lovers or find new workout bodies through the community chat, where you’ll be able to meet other Moviing subscriber from all around the world. Moviing has been featured in The Daily Mail, Les Eclaireuses, Runner’s World, Absolutely Mama, and more. They’ve also racked up an impressive 4.8 stars on the App Store. Real life satisfied customer Jenny G, raved, “It’s like Netflix for yoga & fitness, except you’re not sitting, you’re moving.” And Kim explained how Moviing gave her a new favorite workout, sharing, “I’ve never done yoga before but I love it now. Thank you for introducing me to this new passion.” Score the best price on a lifetime subscription to Moviing Online Yoga & Fitness Classes for a very limited time here for just $149. Prices subject to change.