We’re back in the office, and I had forgotten how much my co-workers annoy the hell out of me. I’m already seeing poor kitchen etiquette and hearing loud personal conversations. So how do I transition back without losing my mind?Keep your mask on and quietly curse them under your breath? While not very mature, it might help relieve the stress. OK, OK — not the most professional advice I’ve given, but I can’t say that it hasn’t worked for me at the grocery store with people who think the aisles at Fairway are infinitely wide and they can just stand and chat, or turn their carts sideways. It’s Fairway in New York — chop chop, keep it moving people — pretend like you’re on a game show and the challenge is to grab whatever you need in the shortest amount of time as possible. Bear in mind that, in the office, it might take some time to settle back in, like having a new roommate you have to share a bathroom with after living alone for two years. Give it time before you scream at your colleagues about their incessant chattiness on the phone and stupid Tupperware filled with Indian food leftovers that they heat up in the microwave. Welcome back, folks. Why do interviewers ask you questions that are already answered on your résumé? How should I answer these questions without sounding snarky by saying “it’s right there on the résumé”?If you’re looking for no-snark advice, you have come to the very wrong place, my friend.When an applicant prefaces a response with “as it says on my résumé” you may as well be saying to the interviewer, “didn’t you read my résumé, you idiot? Why are you asking me this question?” The interview is not an occasion to simply recite your résumé, but it is your opportunity to tell your story and bring your résumé to life, to demonstrate to the person that you’d be working with — ya idiot! Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @greggiangrande