If you’ve been spinning out trying to get your hands — and your hair — on a Dyson Airwrap, this summer may be the time to try again. Dyson announced to their globally-obsessed audience on March 16 that a brand new 2.0 version of the bestselling Airwrap styler is set to come out Summer 2022. The silver and gold barrel looks similar to the original styler, but has a plethora of new attachments and technological advancements you’ll want to try out when the time comes. It will also cost only $50 more than the original — set to be priced at $600. Speaking of time, while we still don’t know the exact date the coveted hair tool will hit shelves, here’s what we do know and what you should be on the lookout for. This is a great question, as the original Airwrap styler has been sold out for months and many have yet to try it, let alone know how the new one will compare. Both hair stylers use Coanda airflow, which is a fancy term for the aerodynamic phenomenon where air creates a spinning vortex around the cylinder barrel of the tool, wrapping your hair into a perfect curl in the process. The new device will also take flyaways and frizz into account, as it combines this effect with a new smoothing attachment. Also new for summer is that the direction of the barrel’s airflow will be interchangeable instead of requiring a new attachment. “The advancements in the Dyson Airwrap multi-styler build on the success of its predecessor, through relentless research, user trials and advancements in computational fluid dynamics,” said James Dyson, founder and CEO of Dyson, in a statement. “The result: direction change barrels for faster and easier curling, reengineered brush attachments for more precise shaping, and an entirely new, dual-purpose Coanda smoothing dryer. Our ability to control airflow delivers enhanced Coanda performance to curl, shape and hide flyaways – without extreme heat.” Right now, that answer is tricky. The original Dyson Airwrap has indeed been sold out at most retailers, including Dyson’s site, Ulta Beauty and even on Amazon. However, for those willing to try refurbished, used devices or even willing to check out other bestselling brands in the meantime, we do have some options for you — at least until Summer 2022 when you know we will all be flocking to the Dyson site. Also to note: the new Dyson Airwrap attachments will also be fully compatible with the original device, allowing you to just buy the new brushes and blowers without having to invest in a new barrel and complete system. We also advise staying on top of our reporting, as we will be keeping a close eye on when the new Airwrap styler will start pre-orders or other waitlists, helping you get your shot at a perfect blowout and curls from home. If you simply cannot wait to brush, curl and Airwrap your hair, we did find one of the original devices on Amazon. It’s marked up to $930 while supplies last, but for many, the tool changed their hairstyling game for good and was well worth the investment. If it ain’t broke… refurbish it! Dyson is out of stock when it comes to new options, but they do offer fully refurbished Airwrap stylers on their site, priced at the same rate at the regular complete set. This model comes in the beloved pink color, and comes with all of the attachments and the carrying case. Note: all refurbished sales are final, but still do come with a warranty. We know this isn’t the Dyson Airwrap, but our editors swear by this affordable blow dry brush from Revlon. If you don’t believe us, check out the full review here, and then head to Amazon to grab the $35 device while you still can. Another styler that will get you salon-quality results while you wait for the Airwrap to return is this T3 Airebrush Duo. Another Post staffer reviewed and loved this device, not to mention it’s way more affordable than the Dyson brand. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.