It’s three’s company for these couples. In a new show, “Open House: The Great Sex Experiment,” committed couples seeking a third partner go to a luxury retreat — but have to strengthen their relationships first. Guided by psychologist Dr. Lori Beth Bisbey, she leads them through the process emotionally to help the couples achieve a “deeper level of sexual congruence” as someone who also is in a non-monogamous relationship. But the show, which airs on Channel 4 in the UK, throws in temptation: Along with the couples at the retreat are a gaggle of singles who are ready to spice up the relationships. While it may seem like fun and games, for some couples it almost caused a disaster, the Daily Mail reported. One couple — Mady, 20, and Nathan, 25 — never had a threesome together before coming on the show, but had expressed their desire to do so on Instagram mere days before producers approached them. “We’d done so much sexually, it just felt like a natural succession to bring more people into our relationship,” Mady told the Sun. Although she was concerned about feeling jealous, she said that the “green-eyed monster never came” and that she actually ended up being so engrossed in the act she forgot the cameras were even there. When exploring a threesome with Precious Muir, one of the singles on the show, Mady got “carried away.” Since Nathan “couldn’t get aroused” because of the “pressure” of being on TV, Mady continued on without him. Thanks to how the three-way played out, the couple came close to ending things. That’s when Dr. Lori stepped in to save the day, helping the pair work out their issues and making their relationship stronger. Likewise, Essex adult content creators — Mike Miller, 34, and wife Jess, 33 — had similar issues with jealousy. The married couple of five years — who have a 12-year-old daughter and 8-year-old son together — had been searching for the perfect addition to their bedroom, but wanted to “find someone with whom they had a connection.” At the retreat, they included Muir in a threesome, which left Jess with some fresh insecurities. Because the couple “hadn’t set boundaries,” Jess was worried her husband would “have sex with [Muir] in the middle of the night” because he showered her with compliments. “You’re having sex with your wife and another woman, it’s every straight man’s dream,” Mike told Metro. “Men can fantasize about having multiple partners at once, but they don’t realize you’ve got two emotional women that you have to balance out. You’ve got two women to please and communicate with, and it can be a juggling act.” Despite the jealousy, Jess worked through the insecurities that arose from being cheated on, all thanks to their saving grace, Dr. Lori. While both couples admitted that their experiences ultimately made them closer, for others, the feeling was more that of: three’s a crowd. Married couple Jasmine, 28, and Alan, 37, said that they had been thinking about opening up their relationship since Alan openly showed interest in other women. Jasmine chalked up his flirty nature and wandering eyes to just being another aspect of their relationship, and the couple insisted they weren’t “prudish” prior to the show. But when it was time to get down and dirty, the couple couldn’t follow through, leaving before exploring experiences with any of the singles. Meanwhile, Jon and Danielle Fenn were looking to “overcome their demons” by strengthening their relationship on the show. In an Instagram post, Danielle shared a heartfelt message about their marriage, writing, “I will always love this man and am forever grateful he has the courage to go on this journey with me as we open our relationship and yet make it stronger.” Interested in having group sex, the couple wanted to successfully build trust. “That love becomes defined not by sexual exclusivity, but by actual respect, concern, commitment to act with kind intentions, accountability for our actions and a desire for mutual growth,” she said.