Spring has sprung, which means — as commerce reporters — we’re all about springing into the springtime fashion. Alongside the best Easter dresses and the best Amazon dresses for less than $50, we’re investing in all the lightweight, timeless and trending spring jackets this year. From the unmatched classic (denim jackets, that is) to the cropped biker (also known as moto jackets), we’re here to deliver the 10 best styles to suit your wardrobe. Perhaps you’d like to pair these toss-on outerwear pieces with a go-to pair of white sneakers. Or, for a dressier occasion, with some work pants and comfortable heels. Wherever your inspiration lies, we have the perfect lookbook for you. So, it’s time to do some online shopping (yes, we’re big advocates of this). Shop our 10 favorite spring jackets for women, notably from Amazon, Bloomingdale’s and more. These pieces are just about ready to blossom into your closet. As one of Amazon’s best-sellers, you can’t go wrong with a lightweight puffer to transition into the warmer temps. Available in a slew of shades, we love how this style is water-resistant and has contoured seams for a bit of a fitted look. As the poster item for “spring jacket,” this Cotton Hooded Field Jacket from Levi’s is one of our favorites in this edit. Available in military green and other shades, too, it has the most precious pocket and button detailing we’ve seen, pairing well with your favorite leggings or jeans. The Riders by Lee Indigo Denim Jacket is one of our sworn-in favorites, as far as denim jackets go. From its adorable cropped fit to timeless charm, we can’t believe this medium-wash is less than $40. Of course, going into April (and beyond) calls for a perfect rain jacket. This long-form lightweight style is primmed to perfection, especially in this gorgeous lavender. Plus, Cole Haan has you covered with a removable hood, an essential characteristic for this easy-breezy style. We’re all about the moto jackets for the spring. When paired with your favorite designer clutch for an evening-time look, it’s showstopping. Not to mention, BlankNYC has a lovely vegan leather piece that comes in other moody neutrals. Leaning more into a cardigan look, Gafeng has an affordably priced Lightweight Wrap Jacket that you’ll want to add to your cart in virtually every color. From its oversize, relaxed collar to the flattering cinched tie-waist, it’s on our Amazon wishlist, for sure. For a splurge you’ll resort to every spring (and fall!), Velvet by Graham & Spencer’s Ruby Army Jacket is a magnificent mauve that pairs well with /your favorite white t-shirt and shorts. The outerwear staple also has precious button detailing and generously sized pockets. For white denim, Sunset & Spring has a coveted style. It’s the best of everything: timeless material, gorgeous buttons a distressed look and a little pizzazz at the sleeves. Though a splurge, we think it’s investment-worthy for your transitional wardrobe. Hello, coral! Lulus’ Eldora Cropped Utility Jacket was made to perfection in this relaxed fit, chic toss-on that’s bound to match with any outfit. It comes in other colors, too, with its button cuffs a unique touch. Don’t just walk — run — to this spring-tastic bomber jacket from Lulus. It’s fairly priced, has the perfect balance of fitted versus loose charm and is made from a comfy cotton blend. Plus, it comes in a medium-toned pink for a bit more of a pop. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.