TikTok is always showing up with new, innovative ideas. We’ve seen the “scrunch butt” leggings, the Samsung vacuum, the new botox alternative and recently, the glass skin trend. What is glass skin you ask? It’s a skincare movement that originated within the K-beauty scene. It depicts a complexion that’s smooth, clear and resembles, well, glass. Achieving the glass skin trend, though, takes more than a three-step skincare routine. It requires a healthy lifestyle, a well versed product lineup and time. To help you out, we listed exactly what you need to kickstart you glass skin journey below while answering all of your glass skin questions. Like we said earlier, be prepared to put in time, effort and the right products to achieve your glowy skin dream. Once you’re aligned with those steps, it’s time to dive into your new skincare regimen. Through our extensive TikTok and online research, we settled on the following required steps. The first step to achieving glass skin shouldn’t come as a surprise. Though, you’ll want to pay attention to the types of cleansers needed. First, we recommend opting for an oil-based cleanser to lift away the dirt of the day. Our current favorite is the Superfood Cleanser from Youth To The People. It’s formulated with superfood antioxidants from kale, spinach, and green tea to give you the ultimate cleanse and glow. Then, we suggest following up with a gentle foaming cleanser. This will give you that double cleanse needed without stripping your skin of it’s natural elements. Karuna’s Balancing Cleanser with red clover and snow mushroom is phenomenal for this. It carries away excess oils and makeup, purifies, balances, hydrates and restores you skin’s natural pH levels. Depending on your skin type, this next step may be great for daily use or two to three times a week. You never want to leave you skin feeling raw, tight or uncomfortable, so make the decision based on your unique situation. Nonetheless, exfoliation is vital to a well-rounded skincare routine. Our top two picks are the Sunday Riley Good Genes All-In-One AHA Lactic Acid Treatment and the Glossier Solution. The Sunday Riley Good Genes Treatment targets the look of pores, hyperpigmentation, dark spots and reduces the look of fine lines and wrinkles. We love to use it as an over-night treatment to wake up to gorgeous skin. If you’re looking for a liquid exfoliator, Glossier’s Solution is a great choice. It’s gentle on the skin yet still powerfully removes dead skin cells to reveal smooth, soft skin. Over time, this special solution will also minimize the look of blemishes, redness and enlarged pores. While exfoliating doesn’t have to be an everyday thing, we do believe in the daily power of toner for the ultimate glass skin. But choosing the right toner for your needs is vital, because you never want to reach for something that’s too harsh. Through plenty of product testing, your top picks are Thayer’s Unscented Facial Toner and Pixi’s Glow Tonic. The Thayer’s toner is gentle yet effective, as it cleanses, tones, moisturizes and balance your skin’s pH levels, which we love. If you rather a toner that’s a bit more invigorating, we love Pixi’s Glow Tonic. Its star ingredient is glycolic acid, which exfoliates and purifies the skin. But this little pink bottle is also packed with ginseng and aloe vera, which work together to improve circulation, energize, hydrate and accelerate cell renewal. While face masks are similar to exfoliators in the sense that they don’t need to be used each day, they don’t hurt. This is because they add that extra bit of moisture enhancing boost while treating other concerns such as dullness, large pores, redness and more. This is especially true if you have a resurfacing face mask like the Versed Doctor’s Visit option. The resurfacing face mask delivers pro-grade results in just two minutes. Why? Because it’s curated with AHA, BHA and enzymes aimed at exfoliating, resurfacing and tackling skin concerns such as hyperpigmentation, dullness and texture. If you don’t believe us, then believe TikTok, as there is a whole other viral craze just about this mask. This next step is arguably the most important. That’s because glass skin is founded on hydration, and skincare essences, serums and facial oils are often founded on that principle. We also grouped the above into one step, because some individuals prefer to just use an essence, others enjoy combining a few together while some love a classic one-step face oil. No matter your preference, ensure to put moisturizing formulas at the forefront. Our top picks include Peach & Lily’s Glass Skin Refining Serum and Tatcha’s The Essence Skincare Boosting Treatment. The Glass Skin Refining Serum locks in moisture while reducing inflammation and free radical damage. It’s also packed with hyaluronic acid (our favorite) to help calm, brighten and firm the skin. Our next top contender is none other than Tatcha’s Essence. It instantly makes the skin  more receptive to absorption and boosts the effects of your skincare. Best of all, it’s full of Japanese superfoods aimed at hydrating, resurfacing, softening and plumping. Nearing the end of your glass skin routine, you must always seal it in with a great moisturizer. We are obsessed with the Versed Skin Soak and First Aid Beauty’s Ultra Repair Cream. They both come together to deliver top-tier moisture while making your face feel oh-so silky. More specifically, the Versed Skin Soak is curated with algae extract, vitamin E and squalane to keep skin nourished and hydrated. The First Aid Beauty Ultra Repair Cream is perfect for parched skin looking for a cool drink of moisture. It also addresses fine lines, wrinkles and redness, which is simply an added bonus to the stellar formula. Once you’re all done, you must top it all off with some face sunscreen. Our go-to reaches are the Everyday Humans Resting Beach Face and the CeraVe Ultra-Light Face Lotion. We love the Everday Humans formula because it’s antioxidant infused and full of hyaluronic acid, perfect for that dewy glow. The CeraVe face lotion is another fan-favorite, as it’s lightweight, non-greasy and packed with hyaluronic acid. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.