This mom is taking the birds and the bees talk to a whole new level. Chloe Macintosh has created a guide called “First Time Sex Starter Kit” for her two teenage sons in a bid to help them — and other teens — properly prepare to lose their virginities. The British-based entrepreneur recently launched Kama — a sexual wellness app designed to educate people of all ages on various aspects of eroticism. The app features a special section for first-timers, which Macintosh was inspired to create with and for her sons — Felix, 16, and Elliott, 14. “The content we wanted to put out there is more than some tips to put a condom on,” Macintosh told HuffPost. “It’s more relating to the experience and making it as relaxed and comfortable as possible.” The kit currently takes the form of 20 different videos, in which Felix is seen talking to a sex therapist. They discuss topics from “dry humping” to “how to use your penis inside.” Macintosh said she never spoke about intercourse with her own parents and wanted to take the stigma out of sex for her sons. “After an initial period of resistance, Felix and Elliott started to become more used to the topic, and speaking about it became more and more normal,” the open-minded mama declared. She told the publication it would be impossible for her sons to ignore sex, given that there are sex books, “toys” and “gadgets” scattered “everywhere” around their home. Her boys began asking honest questions about sex, and their friends even had queries of their own. The pals wanted to know about initiating sex, choosing partners and asking for feedback from them. The candid discussions helped Macintosh formulate the “First Time Sex Starter Kit.” She wanted the guides to include language used in teen conversations in order to make the kit more accessible and relatable. According to HuffPost, the guide features advice on topics including oral sex, vaginal and anal penetration, hand jobs, fingering, consent and more. Macintosh said much sex education learned in schools is not delivered in relatable language. She also alleged it is “heteronormative, binary and generally backwards and incomplete.” She told the publication she is concerned that teens are now trying to learn about sex from online pornography, which presents an unrealistic and distorted view of intimacy. The mom said she hopes her starter kit can plug a gap in the market. “The fact that so many teens and young people go through the processes of dating and intimacy without proper guidance is not good enough and can be easily repaired,” she declared. “If we remove the taboo and shame from talking about sex, then authentic pleasure can come more naturally.”