We are total hypocrites. Yes, us at the Post, as we are going to preach that too much screen time isn’t great for you, but then spend our days writing from home, bathing in blue light from our laptops, and our nights reading the Post online, scrolling through TikTok and watching Netflix. However, there may be a solution to this hypocrisy, or at least something to lessen the effects of staring at our technology — blue light blocking glasses. Chances are you’ve heard of these, and most likely seen some coworkers via Zoom wearing the unassuming specs. They look just like regular glasses, clean lenses and all, with maybe just a sheen of blue to hint at their blocking properties. Blue light glasses were designed to block the blue light that emanates from our screens, including laptops and cellphones. However, blue light isn’t always a bad thing, as much of it comes naturally from the sun (although, that isn’t great to stare into either!) As of now, there isn’t much proof that blue light blocking glasses will alleviate the eye strain and dryness that comes from staring at your screens all day, as that is more due to the length at which you are staring at a screen without taking a break rather than the actual rays of blue light. However, one thing they have been proven to help is sleep, which is a contributing factor to overall health as well as eye twitching and discomfort. According to an article from Vision Center, while more research is still needed, there is a connection between less blue light and better sleep. “Multiple studies have linked exposure to blue light with decreased melatonin levels and poor sleep quality. More studies have shown that blue-light blocking glasses may provide a viable method for preventing melatonin suppression and increasing sleep quality. Again, more research is needed to prove these theories. However, it seems likely that blue light blocking lenses have the potential to help improve your body’s circadian rhythm,” reads the October 2021 article. Honestly, we will leave that up to you, as the science is still out on that. As stated above, there isn’t anything yet that links common eye strain issues like dryness or fatigue with blue light specifically, but it can be linked to the extended exposure to screens in general. They may help you sleep better though, especially for night owls who can’t seem to get away from screens before bed, as the blue light does disrupt our circadian rhythms which can then lead to other health issues from lack of sleep like cardiovascular diseases, digestive issues, metabolism disorders and a weakened immune system — which isn’t too great especially during a pandemic. According to the CDC, these glasses may help, in addition to setting the rest of your bedroom up for a restful night. “A very dark bedroom facilitates sleep. But plan for safety if you have to get up in the dark: keep the path to the bathroom clear,” suggests the CDC. “If you have to get up to use the bathroom, a dim red nightlight will be less likely to trigger circadian daytime alerting and disturb your sleep. Otherwise, you could wear blue-light-blocking glasses while you are up.” As with everything on Amazon, there are so many options to choose from. We went with the Amazon Choice pairs, which actually come in a two-pack for added style. Starting at $15.98 for two pairs, choose between a bunch of different combinations, including clear frames, black, tortoiseshell and other colors. For more options, check out the long list on Amazon and stock up on as many frames as you want, using the button below. Blue light glasses were so popular at Zenni, they create a whole line of them. Called Blokz, the blue light blocking glasses come in a huge range of styles for both him and her, and the kiddos, too. Add Blokz lenses to almost any pair of frames, including prescription, sunglasses and non-prescription glasses as well. Fashion, meet function. Quay is the best place for both, with an array of really fun and funky styles that have blue light blocking lenses. We love the bestselling CEO style and the classic Blueprint frames, too, but feel free to stock up and wear a new pair every day of the week — or at least for every weekly Zoom meeting. Oakley knows that gamers are in front of their screens the most, which is why they designed a line of glasses just for them. Not only do the lenses have blue light blocking technology, but the frames are designed special so that gaming headphones won’t interfere or cause headaches for glasses-wearing gamers. Peepers is a great brand, as they have a whole section of their site devoted to Blue Light Focus Reading Glasses. They combine the functionality of readers with blue light-blocking properties to come up with stylish and practical pairs. For blue light glasses you will want to wear every day, check out Ray-Ban’s line of Everglasses. “With Ray-Ban Everglasses, your favorite icons are now available with clear, photocromic lenses. From light responsive sun lenses that effortlessly adapt to changing weather conditions, and clear lenses with 100% UV protection,” reads the product page. For the best glasses brands with blue light lenses added in, check out GlassesUSA for a great variety. Head to their blue light blocking page to see your options, with frames from Ray-Ban, Muse and more to choose from. Not only does EyeBuyDirect sell blue light blocking glasses, but they come in an array of options to best fit your needs. Learn more on their site and then choose from EBDBlue Plus lenses, EBDBlue 360 lenses, EBDBlue Smart lenses that adapt in sunlight and their line of SightRelax glasses that may help alleviate eye strain. Prescription or not, blue light glasses from Felix Gray are for everyone. They offer many stylish frames to choose from with plenty of color options, too, plus have the option to add a prescription lens, starting at just $145. We know and love Warby for their regular glasses, but did you know they do blue light blocking glasses, too? Check out their page and choose from frames for either men or women to get started. You can also add the lenses to any pair of frames for just $50, if you have a favorite pair of frames that need an upgrade. Fancy name, awesome frames. Check out the page on blue light glasses over on Privé Revaux, showing you options for both him and her that have the blocking lenses. You can also take the Fit Quiz to determine which style is the best for you, or browse and choose a few to try. Join the blue light glasses movement with frames and lenses from MVMT. The glasses brand has their own line of blue light glasses called Everscroll, probably alluding to your TikTok and social media obsession that exposes your eyes to hours of screen time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.