The infamous Nevada brothel where former NBA player Lamar Odom overdosed has found a new buyer three years after its longtime owner, Dennis Hof, died, The Post has learned. And the transaction is pretty much all hush-hush. “The property is expected to go into escrow today,” a local insider told The Post, adding that word on who the new buyer is remains unknown, but the sale is expected to close in the coming weeks. New eerie photos inside the controversial and now-abandoned brothel, located 80 miles outside of Las Vegas, in the unincorporated Amargosa Valley, gives a glimpse of the interior. Photos show inside the bedrooms, which have no windows and are completely devoid of sunlight. Stained old mattresses, red high-heels, lingerie and pink fluffy scarves are seen left behind at the sex venue formerly known as both the Cherry Patch and, later, the Love Ranch. Meanwhile, dark and gloomy hallways encompass the building, which lead to dreary rooms filled with several red and green worn sofas. Rooms with red velvet carpet and mirrors on the walls with platforms reserved to play adult films remain. “CONDOMS ARE MANDATORY” is written in block capitals on a white sign above a light switch, reminding past visitors of the rules. Although most of the property has been left in disrepair, the bar area seems to be well-tended and clean. Listed for $1.2 million back in December, it is expected the new owner got some sort of bargain. Only cash offers were accepted, according to Bob Fredlund of Coldwell Banker who previously told Fox5. Situated on a colossal 75 acres of land, the listing noted how prospective buyers would be buying the property “as-is” — with its lurid past and all. The main ranch spans 10,000 square feet and comes with 15 one-bedroom suites, two new kitchens and the new bar. Included in the sale is a 0.49-acre residential lot at the airport, a 0.62-acre commercially zoned lot on Highway 160 and two 4.5 acre lots and five 1-acre lots off Homestead Road. It also comes with a backhoe, track hoe, advertising truck and limousine, the listing notes. “It could be a spa and RV park or Hemp Farm,” the listing explains for prospective buyers unsure of what to do with all that land. It is unclear what the new owner envisions for the former brothel. The Post has reached out to Fredlund for comment. The brothel, known as “The Love Ranch,” gained notoriety after Odom, a former Laker’s basketball player, was found unconscious there in October 2015. Hof, who owned the Brothel since 2010 and who was the subject of HBO reality show “Cathouse,” owned seven other legal brothels in Nevada. On October 2018, at the age of 72, he died of a heart attack. The tragic incident was featured on an episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians,” when ex-wife Khloe Kardashian was seen visiting him at the hospital.