A Netflix special honoring the life and legacy of Bob Saget is coming to streaming screens. The tribute is set to air some time in June, featuring famous faces such as Jim Carrey, John Stamos, Chris Rock, John Mayer and more. The “Full House” star was found dead on Jan. 9 in an Orlando, Florida, hotel room. The 65-year-old reportedly had suffered a fatal brain bleed after suffering head trauma, according to his autopsy report. Shortly after his passing, his longtime friends attended a memorial event for the funnyman at the Comedy Store in West Hollywood. A portion of the event was filmed for the tribute and will be included in the upcoming streaming tribute. Saget’s friend and fellow stand-up comic Mike Binder recently appeared on “Dystopia Tonight With John Poveromo” to promote the special, revealing that he’d pitched the idea to use footage of January’s memorial to Netflix. “It was a magical night,” Binder said on the podcast. “And we filmed it. And I showed it to Netflix. I said ‘Look at this! Just look at 16 minutes of this.’ And Robbie Craw, the head of comedy at Netflix, he just said, ‘This is remarkable.’ And they bought it as a special.” The special is set to be screened live during the “Netflix Is a Joke” comedy festival in May, Binder added, and released to subscribers the following month. “It’s just an amazing special,” he added. “Music — Jackson Brown and John Mayer play this song, a version of ‘These Days,’ together that’s just beautiful. And then everybody gets up and sings ‘A Dog Licked My Balls’ which was Bob’s closing song.” The “How I Met Your Mother” narrator revealed in his last interview before his death that his passion for comedy “truly helped me survive.” “[Comedy] was a defense mechanism and it truly helped me survive,” he said in a career retrospective for CBS Sunday Morning in December. “It helped keep me mentally alive rather than letting [adversity] destroy me.” He also discussed his new campaign to bring awareness to scleroderma, or systemic sclerosis. The rare disease claimed his sister’s life in 1994. “I would dance in the living room and just start dancing, dancing stupid to make anybody laugh, just like silent film stars,” he recalled at the time. “And I knew some jokes, but it wasn’t really jokes. It was just like, I’ve got to perform, I’ve got to make people laugh.” 