Ed Sheeran isn’t the only musician looking to sing for a good cause. The Ukrainian pop-rock band Antytila has released a now-viral TikTok video asking him whether they could perform “under the bombs” remotely from Kyiv — where there are based — during the upcoming Concert For Ukraine charity benefit. Sheeran is already set to take the stage alongside many other big-name acts during the March 29 concert at the Resorts World Arena in Birmingham, England. Profits will go towards helping the vulnerable people of Ukraine amid the rising war tensions. “Hello @Ed Sheeran , greetings from Kyiv!  We offer to make a live broadcast between Kyiv and Birmingham with Antytila temporary joining the gig remotely,” they captioned their video to the 31-year-old British musician. The clip featured a trio of the band’s members wearing military uniforms outside of a war-torn building and delivering a message of thanks for British support in the wake of the invasion by Russia. “Through music, we want to show the world that Ukraine is strong and unconquered,” one of the band members said in the video. “We’ll fight and sing for victory in front of the whole world that supports us.” The Post has reached out to Sheeran’s representatives for comment. Camila Cabello. Snow Patrol, Emeli Sandé, Becky Hill, Nile Rodgers, Gregory Porter, Tom Odell and The Manic Street Preachers are also set to perform. Spice Girl Emma Bunton, Marvin Humes and Ronan Kemp will be hosting the show, which will air on ITV. Tickets for the live two-hour special went on sale earlier this week. Proceeds from the show will go directly to the Disasters Emergency Committee’s Ukraine Humanitarian appeal. The organization is providing food, water, shelter and medical help to refugees in Ukraine. ITV’s advertising and sponsorship profits will also be going to the relief fund. “I will be singing to try to help every innocent human being forced to flee their home and in solidarity with those being racially discriminated against even within this humanitarian crisis,” said participant Sandé in a statement. “Nobody should be refused access to relief, aid and the right to cross the border to safety, and I’m pleased for the chance to support the DEC’s appeal to help all people whose lives have been affected by the conflict,” she continued. Cabello noted in her own statement that her “heart was breaking” for the people of Ukraine. “We all have a responsibility [to help out,” the “Cinderella” star added. “One of the biggest needs is to get funds to organizations who can serve these communities directly, so we’re focusing our efforts on doing that as quickly as we can.”