Tyrod Taylor won’t approach sharing a depth chart with Daniel Jones any differently than he has with Super Bowl winners, future Hall of Famers or No. 1 overall draft picks. The Giants signed Taylor to a two-year, $11.5 million contract that suggests he is more than just an insurance policy against the injury-prone Jones. So, did Taylor come expecting to sit behind Jones or because he saw a chance to win a starting job? “There is no crystal ball,” Taylor said. “You never know what the future holds. You have to pick what makes the most sense for you in that time. Daniel has played a number of snaps here and has played well. So to come in and to think that, ‘Oh, this is an opportunity to start,’ that’s not necessarily a weighing factor. Obviously, coming in and staying ready for the opportunity if it does present itself.” After winning a Super Bowl as Joe Flacco’s backup, Taylor’s best years were with the Bills (2015-17), when he went 22-20 as a starter. But Giants general manager Joe Schoen was part of the front office that traded Taylor on the heels of a playoff appearance to make room for drafting Josh Allen. “I wouldn’t say it was a strong relationship or bond,” Taylor said of his ties to Schoen, “but we’re definitely familiar with one another, just the way that we go about our business every day. The opportunity presented itself for me to come here. I’m thankful for it, for their trust in me.” Taylor has opened seasons as the starter before losing jobs to a rookie three times since 2018: Baker Mayfield (Browns in 2018), Justin Herbert (Chargers in 2020) and Davis Mills (Texans in 2021). If Jones doesn’t improve in his walk-year in 2022, Taylor, who also once backed up Philip Rivers, could be the caretaker for another rookie with the 2023 Giants. “I put the team first, but the outside noise I never let affect me,” Taylor said. “Each day you walk into the building you control your attitude, your effort, and how you go about your business. I think that helps you be able to work in any type of situation. If you’re confident in your ability to perform, but also a great teammate, I think that you’re able to maneuver through what most people would think are tough situations.” Taylor said he and the “very talented” Jones exchanged text messages this week. He declined to elaborate on the “other opportunities” he had in free agency besides supplanting Davis Webb as Jones’ chief competition. “Looking forward to us pushing each other,” Taylor said. “Just helping the quarterback room be the best they can be so this team can be the best they can be.” The Giants re-signed Korey Cunningham, who played 113 offensive snaps last season as a swing tackle and jumbo tight end.