Sally Field is debunking the myth that she was the love of Burt Reynolds’ life. Just three years before his 2018 death, Reynolds wrote in his memoir “But Enough About Me” that he regretted not fighting hard enough to keep his relationship with Field, 75. “Forrest Gump” star Field divulged to Variety that Reynolds made up the story that she was ever in love with him. “He was not someone I could be around,” she said. “He was just not good for me in any way.” Their romance reportedly began in 1977 on the set of “Smokey and the Bandit,” and they had an on-and-off relationship until 1982. The pair starred in four films together. “He had somehow invented in his rethinking of everything that I was more important to him than he had thought, but I wasn’t,” the Oscar winner continued. “He just wanted to have the thing he didn’t have. I just didn’t want to deal with that.” Following the “Gunsmoke” star’s death, Field did not attend his funeral; however, she released a heartwarming statement about him. “There are times in your life that are so indelible, they never fade away. They stay alive, even 40 years later,” the “Amazing Spider-Man” actress told Page Six in a statement at the time. “My years with Burt never leave my mind. He will be in my history and my heart, for as long as I live,” she added. “Rest, Buddy.” He died unexpectedly at the age of 82 in September 2018 due to health issues. He was set to star in Quentin Tarantino’s film “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” before his death. Around the time Reynolds published his memoir, he opened up to “Entertainment Tonight” about how much he missed Field. “I do miss her. I think she was one of the most underrated actresses, you know?” the “Boogie Nights” icon said in 2015. “She was the best actress I ever worked with.” He echoed his feelings to People, asserting that he “adored” the Tony Award-nominated actress. “I really adored her,” he said. “It was real. She’s very, very, special. Her mother and I . . . I loved her mother.” He even claimed that Field’s mother told him at one point, “I know you’re going to break her heart, but please be gentle.” “I said, ‘I don’t know how you could break somebody’s heart and be gentle, but I don’t intend to break her heart.’ You never intend to,” Reynolds said.