A woman whose huge, size 28H bust left her with intense migraines and heat rashes has undergone a breast reduction after reportedly being denied the “life-changing” surgery 10 times. Janel Nelson, 20, finally found a doctor to perform the procedure in January and is now much happier with her size 28C breasts. However, the disability worker claimed several surgeons turned her away over the past four years, allegedly saying she was “too young” and needed “her hormones to level out,” she told Jam Press. “The reasons they gave me for being denied were always terrible,” Nelson said. “One doctor even asked: ‘What would your future husband think?'” Nelson said her big breasts started causing her a myriad of health problems when she was 16. “My shoulders and neck were always extremely sore from the pressure of my bra straps,” the Canadian recalled. “My entire posture revolved around slouching to get some relief.” In the summer months, Nelson also suffered from rashes, as she would “sweat profusely underneath her breasts.” However, her most severe problem was “debilitating” migraines, which she believes were caused by the heaviness of her bust. “I felt as though my body was denying me confidence and restricting what I could and could not do in my life,” an emotional Nelson declared. Despite being repeatedly turned down for the procedure, Nelson persevered. She is now married and said it was her husband, Chandler Nelson, who ultimately told her not to give up on pushing for the surgery. Last year, a doctor finally agreed to perform the procedure, and she went under the knife on Jan. 5 of this year. Just over two months on, Nelson says she is thrilled with the results. “It’s been life-changing. I feel like I have acquired a whole new body,” she declared. “I am no longer restricted in my clothing choices, and I can grab anything off the rack without even having to try it on, knowing that it will fit me.” Nelson claimed her confidence has increased exponentially, and she now feels like her “energetic athletic true self.” Although the reduction left her with intense short-term pain, she said she would not change a thing — and is encouraging other women in similar situations to seek out surgery. “No amount of scarring or pain would ever hold me back from doing the surgery again just to feel and experience the relief I have now,” Nelson stated. “You deserve to feel comfortable in your body. You deserve to feel confident in the clothes that you wear. “You deserve to be happy,” she said.