The battle between “My Unorthodox Life” star Julia Haart and her estranged husband Silvio Scaglia is moving to the home front, and it’s anything but kosher. A 10,000-square-foot triplex penthouse plays a starring role in the Netflix show, in which Haart grapples with running Scaglia’s modeling, fashion and talent conglomerate, Elite World Group, as she helps transition her four kids out of a “cult-like” form of ultra-Orthodox Judaism. In the show, the triplex is known as the “Haart Penthouse” in Tribeca. Now, Gimme can reveal that the massive downtown condo is at 70 Vestry St., the Robert A.M. Stern building where Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen still have a pied-à-terre, and where Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton owns a $40.7 million bachelor pad. Scaglia bought the condo for $56 million via an LLC in 2018, according to property records, and Haart’s then-son-in-law, real estate agent Binyamin Weinstein, brokered the deal, sources said. A year later, Scaglia married Haart, a former creative director at La Perla, and made her Elite World Group’s CEO. When things were lovey-dovey, Scaglia gifted her 50% of common stock in Elite World but kept the voting shares to himself. Then last month, Scaglia fired Haart from the company.  She filed for divorce hours later and the drama quickly moved offscreen. Scaglia’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, tells Gimme that the LLC Scaglia used to buy the spread is owned by Freedom Holding, Inc., the parent company of Elite World. Ownership of the company remains in his hands, Davis said. But Haart disagrees, maintaining she owns half the company. The dispute is now being handled by a State Supreme Court. Last Friday, the court dismissed her request to place Elite World in the hands of a custodian and the case is moving to trial, Davis said. Last fall, before things heated up — back when the couple was organizing an “amicable” split — they agreed to sell the penthouse and gave the exclusive to a broker at Corcoran. It’s a big-ticket item, as the penthouse is expected to fetch at least $60 million to $65 million, brokers say. Now Scaglia alleges, through his lawyer, that Haart — who has remained hunkered down in the penthouse — refuses to let Corcoran photograph the penthouse and declined to let a potential buyer’s “people” do a walk-through. The allegations were not disputed by sources close to Haart, who say that their agreement from last fall blew up when Scaglia fired her. “The ‘who owns what thing’ business is being hammered out in Delaware. She’s not letting anyone see the apartment until then,” a source said, adding that all former agreements are off. “They were going to sell it as a team. But the team broke up.” Davis disagreed: “He wants to sell it. She appears to be resisting and has no right to do this because Freedom Holding is the owner of the apartment,” the source added. In the meantime, Scaglia is also suing Haart for millions, in New York Supreme Court, accusing her of wrongly spending company money on hair, makeup, designer clothes, handbags, trips and breast surgery — and for wrongfully transferring $850,000 out of a company account into a personal account the day after he fired her. Haart, through her rep, has denied all allegations of impropriety. In their most recent tabloid battle, Scaglia had cops show up at Haart’s parking garage with a tow truck to snag a contested $132,000 Bentley. But l’affaire Bentley was deemed a civil matter and they left empty handed. For now, Haart remains safely ensconced on the home front.