The House Jan. 6 Committee’s “theory that Trump is guilty of common-law fraud should make Stacey Abrams sweat,” Matthew Mashburn observes at National Review. She “has repeatedly claimed” that the 2018 Georgia governor’s “election was stolen from her” and “continues to claim that ‘a million citizens found their names stripped from the [state’s voter] rolls,’ yet her many lawsuits failed” to produce such evidence, nor any proving her “election was stolen.” And she’s raised over $100 million on the basis of her claim. It’s time Democrats — following the lead of the committee’s court filing outlining potential criminal charges against Trump — “correct the record on Stacey Abrams’s falsehoods.” Putin “has been very clear about his red lines,” notes Laurence Kotlikoff at The Hill, but “NATO has its own” — which it has “failed to articulate” beyond “defending every inch of every NATO member’s soil.” It needs to spell out more, e.g. that it won’t let him “starve tens of thousands, let alone millions, of Ukrainians to death”; it will “ airlift humanitarian supplies” to prevent it. Another: “Russian forces that approach too close to NATO countries will be viewed as invading those countries.” And tell him “publicly that any damage to any nuclear facility in Ukraine or any other country” will “be viewed as a nuclear attack on NATO” — and same for chemical and biological weapons. Panelists on “The View” are calling on the Justice Department to investigate Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, Tucker Carlson “and others who take a contrarian position on the Russia-Ukraine conflict,” though that speech is “protected by the First Amendment,” thunders Reason’s Robby Soave. “Americans do not suddenly lose their right to express political opinions that are disfavored by the mainstream media and the U.S. government in the event of a war between two other nations.” And “there’s nothing treasonous about what [Gabbard] said,” despite Sen. Mitt Romney’s insistence otherwise. Happily, “the modern Supreme Court takes a fairly maximal position on the First Amendment, and the right to express anti-war views — even if some people view them as offensive, insensitive, or inaccurate — is now well established.” Stagflationary trends in the housing market combined with the energy shock” have sparked “a new kind of K-shaped economy,” warns Bloomberg’s Conor Sen. Homeowners, who tend to be wealthier, “are benefiting from surging home values” and spend “a proportionately smaller part of their incomes on food and energy, insulating them from inflationary shocks.” Low-income renters “spend a larger portion of their incomes on commodities, so their purchasing power is declining as food and energy costs soar. And they get no benefit from growing home equity” but instead pay “steeply higher rents.” The wealthy will be fine, but “tens of millions of consumers” will feel “very real pain.” It seems “we’re heading into an economic environment that’s working far better for some than others.” President Biden’s attempt “to assign blame” for the inflation “that began just over a year ago to a war that began just under three weeks ago is remarkable for its cynicism, its dishonesty and its desperation,” rails The Wall Street Journal’s Gerard Baker. Did “someone in the White House really watch Ukrainian cities burn and images of wounded pregnant women being ferried from maternity hospitals and think ‘#Putinpricehike!’?” No, it’s not all Biden’s fault: When lockdowns ended, “pent-up demand met a supply constricted by disruption and diminished capacity.” But adding “a demand boost of $1.9 trillion was a reckless gamble,” and it’s “negligent for a government to watch a rising threat and do nothing about it.” Which is what Biden did in first claiming inflation was “temporary,” then “the fault of corporate greed” and now “the war.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board