Some extended vacations last longer than Tom Brady’s retirement. Brady announced Sunday night — on the eve of NFL free agency — that he is returning to quarterback the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after just 40 days in retirement. It never seemed befitting of the seven-time Super Bowl champion to go quietly into the next phase of his life after an NFC divisional-round playoff loss to the Rams in which his dramatic 24-point second-half comeback went for naught. “These past two months I’ve realized my place is still on the field and not in the stands,” Brady wrote on Twitter. “That time will come. But it’s not now. I love my teammates, and I love my supportive family. They make it all possible. I’m coming back for my 23rd season in Tampa. Unfinished business LFG.” So, the Buccaneers no longer have to scour free agency for a quarterback to compete with untested Kyle Trask as their starter or enter into the Deshaun Watson trade sweepstakes. Brady, 44, still had one year remaining on his contract, so he couldn’t sign with his childhood-beloved 49ers or any other attractive destination like the Saints or Dolphins. Not everyone is buying the return to Tampa part of this announcement, however. NFL Network analyst Scott Pioli — a former Patriots executive during the early part of Brady’s career — cryptically said, “it will be very interesting to see how this whole thing plays out.” “Something wasn’t right when things ended down there, and there was talk about him being traded. I understand he is coming back to Tampa in this statement. That’s what he has to do. I’m just not sure if that’s going to be the case this year.” What prompted such a surprisingly quick reversal? Tom Brady Sr. said his son felt “pressured by outside forces” into rushing his decision earlier this offseason, according to News7 in New England. If the AFC is loaded with young quarterbacks Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson and Justin Herbert, the NFC is headlined by dramatic future Hall of Famers. Brady stole the thunder from Selection Sunday for the NCAA men’s basketball tournament after Aaron Rodgers had the league hanging on his every word and social media post for weeks before deciding to return to the Packers. Buccaneers head coach Bruce Arians was unwavering during Brady’s hiatus that he did not expect an unretirement. Arians’ reaction to Brady’s change of heart was “total excitement,” according to NFL Network. Arians repeatedly has denied reports that friction between he and Brady played a part in the GOAT’s retirement. “We’ll leave the light on for him,” Buccaneers general manager Jason Licht said this month at the NFL Scouting Combine when asked about Brady’s possible return. Well, unless Brady demands a trade, the Buccaneers’ future is bright again. It’s a safe bet Arians’ excitement extends through the organization and to top some free agents who might be more willing to take a discount and play with Brady than they were when they woke up Sunday. The list includes cornerback Carlton Davis, center Ryan Jensen and Brady’s longtime running mate Rob Gronkowski. Other championship-chasing free agents around the league now will see the Buccaneers in a different light, too. Bucs receiver Mike Evans and right tackle Tristan Wirfs both echoed Brady’s “LFG,” an acronym for “Let’s F–king Go.” Rams cornerback Jalen Ramsey, who allowed what would’ve been Brady’s last touchdown pass, tweeted, “THANK YOU throw that last touchdown on somebody else.” Coincidentally, the football from that last touchdown pass recently sold at auction for $518,000, though the value is rapidly depreciating. The official Jets account, which tweeted “this better be real” when their tormenter retired, quote-tweeted over the top of that initial remark: “Guess not.” Another spot in the 2027 Pro Football Hall of Fame class just opened up, too. Retired quarterbacks Eli Manning, Philip Rivers, Drew Brees and Ben Roethlisberger all become eligible for enshrinement sometime from 2025-27. Only kickers George Blanda, Gary Andersen, Adam Vinatieri, John Carney and Morten Anderson have played more than 22 seasons in the NFL. Brady is the all-time leader in passing yards and passing touchdowns, and he led the league in both categories again in 2021 to show that he had not lost anything off his fastball. Brady is married to supermodel Gisele Bundchen and has three children from two relationships. He is the founder of the expanding “TB12” sports performance method. But he is putting all aspects of his life on hold again to play football after maybe setting another record in his career — for shortest retirement.