PORT ST. LUCIE — Major League Baseball could soon implement a new way to get signs from catchers to pitchers without the threat of opponents stealing them — and the Mets seem to be in favor of it. Manager Buck Showalter revealed Wednesday that the Mets have been using the new pitch communicator method during spring training games, in which the catcher has a wristband with buttons to call a pitch, with audio transmitted to a piece inside of the pitcher’s hat. Up to five players on the field can wear the audio piece in their hat, according to Showalter, though they are not allowed to be in the dugout. “Our guys have embraced it,” Showalter said after a workout at Clover Park. “There’s some things that went on recently that won’t have a chance to go on anymore. I think that’s basically what it’s about. [Also] with catchers going out and changing the signs during the at-bat and the paranoia that’s created.” Sign stealing has become a hot-button issue in recent years, sparked by the Astros’ illegal scheme that used technology to steal signs. Picking signs while standing on second base has been common around the game for years, but this new method would help eliminate that for teams that choose to use it. The devices have helped speed up the tempo of pitchers, which may be felt most with runners on second base. Showalter said MLB has not yet decided when the devices could be put into play for regular-season games, but he believes there’s a chance that could come as early as this year. “Could be,” Showalter said. “Think they’re waiting on a lot of feedback from people. I’ve heard a lot of good feedback from it. … I think it’s probably going to be when, not if. I shouldn’t speak for the MLB office, but it’s here for a reason.” According to Showalter, teams can program the catcher’s wristband with different instructions besides just pitch types — like calling for a pickoff or a pitchout. As for who else would wear the audio pieces in their hats, Showalter indicated most teams would opt for players up the middle — as in shortstops, second basemen and center fielders. “It’s going good,” Showalter said. “It actually opens up a lot of things.”