They’re taking the baby’s name — in vain. Stealing a trendy baby name that a friend or family member had previously earmarked for their own kid — a practice known as “name-sniping” — is riling up parents, particularly those who choose unique names for their tots. And while it may seem trivial to outsiders, experts say it’s a serious offense. “It’s pretty egregious,” CEO and founder of BabyNames.com Jennifer Morris, 59, told The Post. “Robbing another person of their kid’s name — regardless of whether the child has already been born, is soon to be delivered or hasn’t even been conceived yet — has ruined so many relationships.” “We’ve seen many families torn apart over [name-sniping], especially when siblings are fighting over a name,” she added. “And so many friendships have been completely destroyed.” Billionaire businesswoman Kylie Jenner, 24, is currently on the business end of a baby-name beef with ex-friend and socialite Tammy Hembrow, 27. Hembrow, an Australian influencer, has accused the “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” star of nabbing the first name of her 6-year-old son, Wolf, and giving it to her and Travis Scott’s newborn boy. “Kylie had to steal Tammy’s firstborn’s name,” teased a Hembrow supporter on Instagram. The comment was stamped beneath a picture of the now-pregnant model holding her son’s hand and captioned “My Wolf.” Hembrow’s photo was shared just moments after Jenner announced that she and Scott, 30, had crowned their son with the same honorific. “You did it first,” an internet instigator penned to Hembrow’s profile of the name controversy. “Kylie’s just copying you,” said another. But, while Morris conceded that the parents who feel they’ve originated a trendy baby name have the right to feel robbed when someone hijacks it, the offense is not legally actionable. “You can’t copyright or retain exclusive rights to a proper first name unless it’s trademarked and used for business purposes,” said the expert — noting that the rule even applies to the almighty Kardashian tribe. “So a parent can have the ‘I did it first’ bragging rights, but beyond that, and maybe some hurt feelings, there’s no recourse.” And she noted that the emotional sting brought on by baby-name thievery stems from the recent cultural swing toward nonconformity. “When you choose a name like Wolf, which has never been in the top 1,000 names in US births, and you’re one of the first people to use that name, you do feel like it sets you and your kid apart as unique,” said the authority. She added that over the last few years,  less than 1 percent of new parents have given popular titles, like Liam and Emma, to their little bundles of joy. Quirky monikers are all the rage. “Once someone, especially a trendsetter like Kylie Jenner, takes that really cool and uncommon name for their baby, it immediately begins to lose its unique edge because everyone will want to use it,” Morris said. However, in the case of Jenner vs. Hembrow, neither celebrity mama was the first to christen their kid “Wolf.” “Aquaman” star Jason Momoa, 42, and wife Lisa Bonet, 54, anointed their boy Wolf — full name Nakoa-Wolf Manakauapo Namakaeha Momoa — in 2008. And in 2015, veteran supermodel Kimora Lee Simmons, 46, and husband Tim Leissner, named their first son together Wolfe Lee. TV divas Zooey Deschanel, 42, and Lauren Conrad, 36, also cherry-picked the animalistic tag as middle names for their sons in 2017 and 2019, respectively. And while Morris says that it’s unlikely any parent will ever able lay claim to a truly unique baby name, she joked that tech tycoon Elon Musk, 50, might be an exception to the rule. “Musk might literally be the only parent to rightfully say he ‘did it first’ when it comes to baby names,” she laughed, referring to the billionaire and singer Grimes’ 20-month-old son, X Æ A-XII. “Unless [Musk’s] ex-best friend comes out and says ‘I made up that name six years ago,’ I think he [and Grimes] can safely say they conjured up a name that no one else can claim or steal.”