President Biden arrived in Poland Friday after announcing a plan in Brussels to reduce Europe’s reliance on Russian energy in response to Moscow’s month-long invasion of Ukraine. Biden will spend much of Friday in the Polish city of Rzeszow, approximately 60 miles from the border with Ukraine. More than 2.2 million refugees have crossed into Poland from Ukraine since the Russian invasion began Feb. 24. Polish President Andrzej Duda was supposed to greet Biden upon his arrival, but Duda’s plane reportedly had to make an emergency landing in Warsaw — leaving Biden with unexpected spare time, which he spent checking out a barbershop and eating pizza with US troops at the airport. The president arrived at the hair cutting station and took a seat in one of the chairs for troops waiting their turn for a clip, who “turned around but did not seem especially surprised to see the president,” according to a pool report. “You guys must have just gotten your haircut!” Biden joked to soldiers with shorter hair. Another, who was halfway through his haircut, asked the president to finish the job, but Biden laughed off the idea. The president then addressed a larger group of troops, also from the Army’s 82nd Airborne Division, who were halfway through lunch. The president recounted a visit to Iraq where he met with his late son Beau Biden — then asked the troops if they were done lunch or still eating. The president then took a seat among the soldiers, who passed along a cardboard box of pizza, from which Biden took a slice. Biden, who turns 80 this year, was unmasked as he waded through the mess hall while posing for photos. The president’s advanced age puts him at higher risk from COVID-19, which crept into his inner circle this month amid upticks in cases across Europe and Asia. White House deputy press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Wednesday that Biden would be tested for the virus before arriving in Poland and again before returning to the US this weekend in compliance with a CDC rule that requires US citizens to test negative before returning home. Biden was scheduled to receive a briefing Friday on the humanitarian response to the flood of refugees from Ukraine before flying to Warsaw, where he and Duda will hold more formal talks Saturday. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday morning that Biden will meet refugees from Ukraine in the Polish capital Saturday, as well as American aid workers. The president drew laughs from journalists at NATO headquarters Thursday when he said he hoped to check in on some of the refugees fleeing Ukraine before catching himself and saying, “I guess I’m not supposed to say where I’m going, am I? But anyway, I hope I get to see a lot of people.” Before Biden left for Poland Friday morning, he joined European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen to announce the latest effort by the US and European Union to isolate Russia economically. “We’re coming together to reduce Europe’s dependence on Russian energy.  Putin has issued Russia’s energy resources to coerce and manipulate its neighbors,” Biden said. “That’s how he’s used it. He’s used the profits to drive his war machine.” The two revealed a “joint game plan” to reduce Europe’s dependence on natural gas from Russia, which will include efforts by the US and other nations to provide 15 billion additional cubic meters of liquid natural gas (LNG). It is unclear what other nations will be contributing to this effort. “As the EU works to discontinue buying Russian gas well before 2030, it will also work to ensure additional EU market demand for 50 billion cubic meters of LNG from the United States annually by 2030,” Biden said. To do so, the European Commission will work with its 27 member states to build efficient infrastructure in which to receive and store the gas. “This build-out will occur in a way that consists — is consistent with, not in conflict with, the zero — net-zero climate goal we — that we’re shooting for. It’s going to take some time to adjust gas supply chains and infrastructure as is built the last decade — for the last decade,” Biden continued. The president also announced that both the US and the EU would accelerate the adoption of energy-efficient and renewable technologies as well as the electrification of heating systems across Europe. The US and EU are creating a joint task force to implement the changes, which will be co-chaired by representatives from the White House and von der Leyen’s team. The US banned Russian energy imports earlier this month, but Europe balked at taking such a step. Nearly 40% of the natural gas used to heat EU homes and generate electricity comes from Russia. On Friday, von der Leyen hailed the additional US support, saying Europeans want to “diversify away from Russia.” “We are right in — on track now to diversify away from Russian gas and towards our friends’ and partners’ reliable and trustworthy suppliers,” she said. “We need to secure our supplies not just for next winter but also for the years ahead. And this is a — an important, a big starting point to do that.”