An 83-year-old serial killer who spent the bulk of her life behind bars for killing two ex-girlfriends is now being eyed in the murder of another woman whose dismembered body turned up in Brooklyn last week, The Post has learned. Harvey Marcelin, who identifies as a transgender woman, was charged last week with concealment of a human corpse after she was allegedly caught on surveillance video dumping human remains near her apartment, according to sources and court records. A search warrant turned up “a human head” in Marcelin’s home in Cypress Hills, according to a criminal complaint, and sources said cops also recovered electric saws she bought at Home Depot. The grisly case unfolded last week when the torso belonging to Susan Layden, 68, was recovered from an abandoned shopping cart at the corner of Pennsylvania and Atlantic avenues — less than a block away from Marcelin’s apartment, sources said. A few days later, Layden’s leg was discovered a few blocks north, sources said, adding that her arm is still missing. The twice-convicted killer could now face fresh murder charges in Layden’s death, authorities said — adding to her already disturbing criminal history. The octogenarian spent more than 50 years in state prison on murder and manslaughter convictions dating to 1963, state prison records show. That rap stemmed from the April 18, 1963 shooting death of her live-in girlfriend, Jacqueline Bonds, inside the couple’s Manhattan apartment, according to sources. Marcelin snapped, shooting Bond three times when she said she was leaving her, sources said. Marcelin was sentenced to 20 years-to-life that same year but was freed on lifetime parole in May 1984, state prison records show. The killer was free for less than a year when she was busted again for fatally stabbing another live-in girlfriend — stuffing her body into a bag she’d dumped on the street near Central Park, sources and court records said. She was convicted of first-degree manslaughter in that case in 1986 and sentenced to a  6-to-12-year term in prison. Marcelin was denied parole several times, sources said, and admitted at one hearing that she had “a problem with women.” She was released from the Cayuga Correctional Facility upstate in late 2019, the records show. In Marcelin’s latest alleged slay, Layden was seen on surveillance video entering Marcelin’s Pennsylvania Avenue apartment on Feb. 27, wheeling “a multi-colored bag with a flower decal” on it, according to the criminal complaint. That was the last time she was seen alive, prosecutors said. Three days later, the camera allegedly captured Marcelin wheeling the same bag out of his building, the complaint said. The next day, “a human torso was discovered inside the bag,” the court document said. “Upon review of the video surveillance, the original female Jane Doe never exits the residence.” Marcelin is currently being held without bail at Riker’s Island and her next date in Brooklyn Supreme Court is Thursday. Officials said she is not expected to appear in court. The Brooklyn District Attorney’s Office said the case remains under investigation.