TAMPA — For the first month of the offseason, the Yankees were particularly quiet, watching other teams sign free agents, such as the Rangers, who acquired Corey Seager and Marcus Semien, the Mets, who signed Max Scherzer, and the Blue Jays, who picked up Kevin Gausman. So far, the second part of the offseason has started off the same way, with the Yankees sitting on the sidelines following the end of the transaction freeze. Two potential shortstop replacements — Andrelton Simmons and Isiah Kiner-Falafa — headed elsewhere, with Simmons signing with the Cubs while Kiner-Falafa was traded from Texas to Minnesota. The Yankees also continue to be in the market for a starting pitcher, but a pair of starters came off the board since the lockout ended. Left-hander Carlos Rodon went to the Giants for two years and $44 million and the division-rival Blue Jays signed Yusei Kikuchi on Saturday. Where does all that leave the Yankees? There’s still time to make significant moves, both in free agency and in the trade market.If Hal Steinbrenner is willing to add considerable money to the payroll, Carlos Correa hasn’t gone anywhere, nor has Freddie Freeman. Most observers are skeptical of the Yankees signing either star, but some are curious to see how the franchise will operate under the luxury tax thresholds set up by the new collective bargaining agreement. The Yankees showed a willingness to pay a considerable price for Justin Verlander — one year for $25 million — before he went back to the Astros. At shortstop, Trevor Story is an interesting candidate who may be willing to take an expensive short-term deal. That could appeal to the Yankees as they wait on shortstop prospects Oswald Peraza and Anthony Volpe. And then there’s the trade market. Oakland has yet to deal Matt Olson, the first baseman whom the Yankees love, but are hesitant to pay too much for in prospect capital. As important as these next few weeks will be before Opening Day on April 7, the Yankees also showed they can overhaul their roster during the season — as they did last year when they remade their lineup by dealing for Anthony Rizzo and Joey Gallo at the trade deadline. It’s clear, however, that they need to make some significant additions as the countdown to the regular season ramps up. Their lack of activity could pivot soon, and general manager Brian Cashman has made it clear in recent years that he’s willing to wait for the right deal — in free agency and the trade market — rather than act too soon. How that plays out will help dictate what kind of success the Yankees have in 2022.