Braves legend Chipper Jones believes Freddie Freeman should’ve taken less money to remain in Atlanta, instead of taking his talents to the Dodgers on a six-year, $162 million deal last Thursday. “I do not agree with the way that this was handled on Freddie’s side,” Jones said on Atlanta radio station 680 The Fan. “If you want to play in Atlanta, you play in Atlanta. You maybe take a little less to be happy and play in a place that is comfortable for you.” The Hall of Fame third baseman went on to recall a conversation he had with Freeman, warning him about free-agency flirtations. “The second that Freddie told me that he rejected the five for $135 [million] after the All-Star break, I told him, ‘You’re playing a very dangerous game. You go out on the free-agent market, you get courted by all the pretty girls that are on the block, chances are, you’re not gonna come back. If you take your time waiting on that six-year [deal] into January, [Atlanta] has a job to do.'” Freeman was reportedly offered a five-year, $135 million deal by the Braves prior to the offseason. A day after Freeman signed with Los Angeles, ESPN reported that his representatives did reach out to the Braves to inquire if they had an offer late in the process. He ultimately chose to sign with the Dodgers last week, after Atlanta acquired his replacement Matt Olson from the Oakland Athletics and signed him toan eight-year, $168 million deal — signaling that the Braves weren’t going to wait around for Freeman to make his decision. Freeman said Friday that he was “blindsided” by the Olson trade. “I think every emotion came across. I was hurt.” The first baseman also said he only received “two calls” from the Braves in the offseason. “I only got one offer,” Freeman said about Atlanta. “The last formal offer I got was at the trade deadline. We countered and that was it.” Freeman, a Southern California native, will now join a stacked Dodgers team after he helped the Braves win the World Series last season. The Braves’ second-round pick in the 2007 MLB Draft spent some time in the minor leagues before being called up to the majors in 2010. He earned five All-Star selections and an All-MLB first team nod in his 12 seasons with the Braves. He hit .295 with 271 homers and 941 RBIs in his Atlanta career.