A medical student in North Carolina reportedly bragged on social media that she intentionally stuck a needle twice into a patient during a blood draw after he mocked her “pronoun pin.” Kychelle Del Rosario, a trans activist and fourth-year student at the Wake Forest School of Medicine, said in a since-deleted tweet that she intentionally hurt the patient because he made fun of a pin that she had on that listed her preferred pronouns, the Post Millennial reported. “I had a patient I was doing a blood draw on see my pronoun pin and loudly laugh to the staff ‘She/Her? Well of course it is! What other pronouns even are there? It?’” Del Rosario reportedly wrote. “I missed his vein so he had to get stuck twice,” she added. The aspiring doctor was responding to a Sunday tweet from Dr. Shirlene Obuobi, a Ghanaian American doctor and author who described how she wears pronouns on her ID badge “to help [her] patients & colleagues who fall under the trans umbrella feel a little more comfy.” Obuobi described herself as cisgender and said she has been wearing the “she/her” badge for a year. “In the last few weeks, several cis patients have berated me for it,” she wrote in a thread about “transphobia.” Libs of Tik Tok posted a screenshot of Del Rosario’s tweet, describing how the student “says she abused a patient because he laughed at her pronoun pin” and has “since deleted her account.” In a statement, the medical school said, “Thank you for bringing this to our attention. This student’s tweet does not reflect how Wake Forest University School of Medicine treats patients and provides patient care. We are taking measures to address this with the student.” Del Rosario, who has a history of trans activism, published a piece in March 2021 that advocated against North Carolina’s so-called “Bathroom Bill,” which required that people use public restrooms corresponding to the gender recorded on their birth certificates, Fox News reported. The Albert Schweitzer Fellowship recipient also argued in a piece on its website that “policies like these have consequential impacts on the health of transgender people,” according to the network. Del Rosario also said she was a leader in Safe Zone in Medicine, which she described as “an organization run by health care trainees whose goal is to educate health professionals about the needs and disparities in LGBTQ+ healthcare,” Fox News added. “This role prepares me to become a trustworthy doctor and advocate for the transgender community — a population which the medical field has harmed greatly in the past,” the student wrote in the piece titled “The Senate Must Protect Transgender Health,” according to the network. “It also allows me to train other health care professionals who aim to improve their practice to be more welcoming and gender-affirming,” she wrote. Del Rosario also said she was “outraged and disheartened by the countless horrors transgender patients” experience in health care, adding that many avoid seeking treatment “due to fear of discrimination and mistreatment,” according to Fox News. It was unclear whether the student will face any disciplinary action or criminal charges, the outlet said. Del Rosario did not immediately respond to a request for comment by The Post.