Samuel L. Jackson is officially one “bad motherf – – ker.“ The Marvel actor, 73, was gifted a purple lightsaber from “Star Wars” creator George Lucas after starring as Mace Windu in the Darth Vader prequels. And the color wasn’t the only unique thing about it: the weapon was also engraved with the letters “BMF,” or “bad motherf – – ker,” a nod to Jackson’s character, Jules Winnfield, in the 1994 action flick “Pulp Fiction.” But during an appearance Wednesday on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,” Jackson revealed that he didn’t request that his present have a reference engraved on it. “They did that because they loved me — I didn’t ask for it,” Jackson explained to host Fallon. “When the shoot was over, when they presented it to me, it had ‘BMF’ on the on-off button,” the “Glass” actor said of his gift. When the talk show host asked what those three letters meant, Jackson joked, “Bad, my friend.” In director Quentin Tarantino’s “Pulp Fiction,” Jackson’s character has a wallet with the saying “Bad Motherf – – ker” spelled out on it. Fallon showed a photo of the lightsaber to the audience, noting: “Now that’s what I’m talking about! That’s love for Samuel L. Jackson right there!” “It was!” Jackson laughed. The “Coach Carter” star had appeared on “The Graham Norton Show” in 2013 when he first revealed that his movie prop had the expletive inscribed on it. “I have the real one at home that says ‘bad motherf – – ker’ right here,” he said at the time while pulling out a replica of his character’s violet lightsaber. “I said to George [Lucas], ‘You think maybe I can get a purple lightsaber?’ ” he said. “He’s like, ‘lightsabers are green or lightsabers are red.’ And I’m like, ‘Yeah, but I want a purple one. I’m like the second baddest Jedi in the universe next to Yoda.’ He’s like, ‘Let me think about it.’ “And when I came back to do re-shoots, he said, ‘I’m gonna show you something. It’s already caused a s – – t storm online,’ ” Jackson added. “And he had the purple lightsaber and I was like, ‘Yeah!’ “ The “Shaft” actor has starred in three films in the famed space opera franchise, including “Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace” (1999), “Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones” (2002) and “Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith” (2005).