Another weekend, another parade of horrors in New York City. One homeless man killed in cold blood, another wounded. To watch the video of the murder, where the killer chillingly nudges the sleeping man, then shoots him at point-blank range, is to see evil personified. Two women employees stabbed at the Museum of Modern Art by a deranged patron who had been banned from one of the city’s cultural centers. And a 3-year-old girl, bloodied by a crazed man who attacked her in a wagon. A man who had punched a 9-year-old in December, who had been arrested eight times before, yet was still on the streets. Mayor Adams inherited this New York from a mayor, Bill de Blasio, who will go down in history as the city’s most cruel and inept, and an Albany that seems intent on sabotaging any hope of justice. Yet as daunting as those challenges are, patience is wearing thin — Adams must get a handle on a crime and mental-health crisis that keeps building from outrage to outrage. There is no reason that an obviously mentally ill man who targets children should be roaming the city. The city needs to have facilities where people can be held and treated. Even the MoMA suspect, who was “known to police” even though he didn’t have an arrest record, could have been flagged for help. This is the way a compassionate, functioning government is supposed to work. Not by letting people sleep on the streets, where they can be targeted by madmen. Not by letting those who assault and threaten others to remain free. Public defenders fight to get these suspects out on “supervised” release, which is anything but. It only means you have to check in with a parole officer. What they need is to be hospitalized. “If you go to court, and you’re wearing a hospital gown with no shoes and you smell like s- -t, you’re clearly crazy,” a police source told The Post. “How can you release that person back out onto the street? But that’s what they do.” The man who attacked the 3-year-old had hit a 9-year-old in December, and was let go with no bail. No treatment, no jail, no nothing. If politicians won’t listen to the police, will they listen to the mothers? “I’m just sick and tired of these politicians that just keep passing on this issue to the next political person. These laws are not changing, and they’re not protecting us at all,” the 9-year-old’s mom told The Post. “These people cannot be out on the street.” Is anyone paying attention?