Hey now, hey now! Hilary Duff, 34, just admitted that she hasn’t given up hope on the scrapped adult “Lizzie McGuire” reboot. In an interview with The Cut, the “Lizzie McGuire” star spoke about her time on the popular Disney Channel sitcom and the possibility of trying to bring the show back in an “honest” way. “I don’t love to talk about this because the internet seems to explode whenever Lizzie stuff is brought up, but it’s not dead and it’s not alive,” Duff admitted. “I think there’s always a possibility there. And even if she’s 40, I don’t think people care. It’s always going to be somewhat interesting to people to see where she ended up.“ The actress and producer announced a reboot of her classic Disney Channel show in 2019 when members of the original cast were brought back and shot two episodes in November. Several months later in February 2020, Duff posted on Instagram asking Disney+ to move the revival of her show to Hulu, where the story wouldn’t have to live under a PG rating. However, Disney+ did not give in to her request and she officially announced that the project was dead without an “honest and authentic” version of a 30-year-old Lizzie McGuire. Duff previously explained that she and original creator Terri Minsky — who departed the enterprise in early 2020 — wanted to take the show in a more adult direction than Disney+ was comfortable with. Reiterating her reasons for canceling the project with Disney+, Duff admitted that she had been hounded for a reboot for years as she struggled to separate herself from her career-making character. “It took a long time for me to love Lizzie again,” Duff shared. “I would say probably from 20 to 30 I was just like, ‘I don’t want to be called Lizzie. I don’t want to be associated with that.'” “When I finally was ready to do it, I was like, ‘the only way we do this is an honest interpretation of what her life would look like right now,’ because that’s what made the show so special is that it was an honest representation of a 13, 14, 15-year-old girl’s life.” The announcement of the “Lizzie McGuire” reboot was met with massive buzz with a Change.org petition to “Save the Lizzie McGuire Reboot” gathering nearly 10,000 signatures. Luckily for all those fans of butterfly clips, flower pants and crazy printed tops, Duff’s most recent comments on the reboot have reignited fans’ hopes to see a return of the bubbly, blonde character. Now, this is what dreams are made of!