Another homeless man was found dead in Lower Manhattan on Sunday – and he is suspected to be the latest victim of a serial killer who has shot at least five vagrants in the Big Apple and Washington, DC this month, authorities and sources said. The latest death of a 43-year-old man in Tribeca came shortly before the NYPD and Washington, DC’s Metro Police Department released a joint statement announcing the same serial shooter is wanted for killing two sleeping vagrants and wounding three others in both jurisdictions – including the two men attacked early Saturday morning in Soho. Authorities said the first three attacks took place in the nation’s capital. On March 3, the suspect shot and wounded a male victim on the 1100 block of New York Avenue. Five days later, the gunman shot another man on the 1700 block of H Street. The first two victims sustained non-life threatening injuries. The suspect’s attacks turned deadly last Wednesday when he allegedly fatally stabbed and shot a homeless man whose remains were discovered in an encampment fire on the 400 block of New York Avenue, authorities said. Sometime before Saturday morning, the sicko traveled to the Big Apple and targeted more defenseless vagrants. In the first of those two, the suspect shot and wounded a 38-year-old vagrant as he slept on King Street in Soho. The victim was hospitalized in stable condition. About an hour later, the sicko was caught on camera fatally shooting a homeless man wrapped in a sleeping bag about 15 blocks away outside of 148 Lafayette St. The suspect kicked the sleeping man, looked around to see if anyone was watching, then pulled out a gun and shot him at point-blank range in the head, the disturbing footage showed. At about 6:30 p.m. Sunday,  the latest homeless victim was found inside of a sleeping bag outside of a Chipotle restaurant  at the corner of Greenwich and Murray streets in Tribeca at about 6:30 p.m., police sources said. Investigators are scouring the neighborhood for surveillance video to help determine when the man died. Sources said the latest victim was alive at about 6 a.m. when police conducted a wellness check. Then about 12 hours later, police were flagged down by a woman who thought the man was suffering from an overdose, sources said. Responding officers administering first aid noticed the man’s eyes were rolled back, then spotted a bloody wound near the victim’s pelvis area. It was unclear if the wound was the result of a stabbing or shooting. Sources said Sunday’s scene is not covered by the NYPD’s ShotSpotter gunfire detection system. The homeless man found dead Sunday had lived on the sidewalk for roughly a year and was known in the neighborhood to keep to himself. “He was completely harmless,” a nearby resident told The Post. “He was never begging, never hassling. He just kept to himself.” The suspect was captured on surveillance footage wearing all black during his attacks in both jurisdictions. In New York City, he also wore a dark face mask. All five shootings took place in the morning hours as the victims were asleep. “Our homeless population is one of our most vulnerable and an individual praying on them as they sleep is an exceptionally heinous crime,” NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said in a Sunday night statement. “We will use every tool, every technique and every partner to bring the killer to justice,” Sewell said. The FBI and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are assisting the two departments in their investigations. Ballistics found at the two scenes in Soho on Saturday morning matched were of the same caliber as casings found in Washington, DC, sources said. Detectives investigating Sunday’s crime scene had yet to recover any ballistics.