No matter how you slice it, finding a gift for the home chef or foodie who has everything can be dicey. Good thing we have the vast internet and all of TikTok’s viral recommendations to keep up. Kitchen gadgets are all over the app, one more crazy and inventive than the next. So in an effort to stay with the times, the New York Post wanted to take a deep dive into the most unique, helpful and even silly selects from the web, compiling them all into this helpful article (or gift guide). That way the next time you’re shopping for the personal chef or foodie in your life, you’ll be able to gift them something  fun and fast — and that you know they’ll love no matter what. From a strainer that makes draining pasta a breeze to an adorable strawberry slicer, we have rounded up some of the silliest kitchen gadgets that you won’t be able to live without from now on. Plus, these items are all available on Amazon to make shopping and shipping even easier. No more losing precious pasta down the drain. This snap-on strainer and drainer is the coolest contraption, as it easily attaches to any pot or pan and is easy to then detach when you need to wash. Movie time! This popcorn maker is a breeze to use, as all you need to do is add kernels into the bowl along with the oil, salt and seasonings of your choosing and pop in the microwave. The bowl won’t be too hot to the touch and you’ll have 15 cups of popcorn in minutes. Feel free to eat right from the popper. Don’t get caught in a sticky situation when it comes to syrup. This adorable syrup and honey dispenser is the best way to add some sweetness to the breakfast table. Simply fill and then squeeze the handle to let the syrup, honey or other sauce trickle down onto your flapjacks. Please don’t clog your drain or bother with a freezer full of fat containers. Use this device instead when cooking bacon or other fatty meats. It comes with a strainer to easily drain and strain the grease from your pots and pans, and then use it again to pour the bacon-y flavor back into your favorite dishes. Full disclosure, the writer of this article has one of these and may or may not also use it to keep her cats from jumping into the sink! This is truly a multi-purpose rack, as you can use it to block the sink, dry your dishes (traditionally) or even as extra counter space in a small kitchen. It rolls up for easy storage and can be rinsed clean if it gets messy. One touch and you are all set. This one-touch can opener is a super cool contraption, as all you need to do is secure it to the can, press the button and the little device makes its way around the can, opening it and saving you time and energy. No one likes warm wine. This wine chiller is a cool and classy way to serve your favorite bottle of vino, coming in a silver color that looks great on any dining table or bar cart. Just grab a cold bottle of wine, insert it into the container and it will keep it cold for up to six hours. This spice contraption is really a work of art, as not only does it display the labeled spices in a stunning lazy Susan type way, but it also dispenses the perfect amount for any recipe, with settings to let out teaspoons, tablespoons and other exact measurements. Slice and dice up a juicy watermelon in seconds with this fun device. The watermelon slicer makes perfect bite-sized cubes — great for a picnic, school lunches or to throw in a salad when you don’t want to bother with messy eating or disposing of the rinds on-the-go. Get the most out of your strawberry with this genius way to remove the stem and leaves. This strawberry-shaped device is super cute and gets the job done, getting rid of the core without sacrificing a lot of the fruit. Save yourself a trip to the hospital with avocado hand injuries and get this tool instead. The 3-in-1 device opens, pits and slices your avocados, so you won’t have to worry about cutting yourself in the process. Say goodbye to spills and drips with the spray bottle for all your olive oil needs. The nozzle evenly sprays the oil onto food or pans when baking, and can be subbed out for any type of oil, dressings and more. Go full out with your chopping with this handy Fullstar veggie chopper. It saves time and energy, plus is great for those who love salads and fresh veggies but don’t have the best knife skills. Messy counters are so 2021. This drip pad is also a utensil holder, perfect for cooking multiple things at once without getting overwhelmed. The mat is made of silicone, which is extra easy to wipe down once all done in the kitchen. Don’t struggle with jars again when you can easily twist off any size cap with this handy tool. The green gadget is a can opener, that also works to twist off stubborn lids from pickle jars to pasta sauce. Then, pop open a beer with the bottle opener and relax. Dash over to Amazon to get this trendy egg cooker for an easy breakfast or lunch every day. The DASH egg cooker makes up to six eggs at a time, perfectly boiling them without needing to dirty a pot or wait for water to heat up. If you’d rather have just the yoke or whites, check out this egg tool instead. Simply crack the whole egg into the device and let the white separate into the dish of your choosing, mess free. There’s nothing worse than trying to spread hard butter on your toast and ripping the bread. Instead, use this butter knife and get spreadable curls of butter to spread with ease. Kitchen storage is a must, and this device makes more of it, even in small spaces. The magnetic shelf sits just above your stove, turning what was once a useless area into a storage space for oil, spices and other necessities. Keep your blades sharp with the help of this adorable rhino from Amazon. The sharpener comes in either black or white, just like a real animal. Strike the knife across the horn to sharpen and leave on the counter as a cute decoration. If you hate buying fresh herbs just for them to wilt, get this contraption ASAP. The Herb Saver has a reservoir for fresh water, keeping the herbs fresher for three times as long when kept in the fridge. No more stale chips here. This mini bag sealer is perfect for resealing chips, crackers, candies or anything else with a plastic bag, using heat to quickly reseal the bag over and over. Pulled pork sandwiches have never been easier to make with these gadgets. The Meat SHREDZ are food-safe claws that easily separate cooked meat into shreds perfect for sandwiches, salads and more. Cooking bacon doesn’t have to be bad. Use the Bad Boy Bacon Maker to easily cook six strips of bacon in the microwave, letting the gadget catch the grease for a mess-free cleanup. Practice safe slicing with these finger guards, sold in a pack of four on Amazon. They are made of stainless steel and can be washed in the dishwasher after each use. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.