President Biden’s trip to eastern Europe was destined to accomplish nothing except providing him with a photo opportunity (“Joe’s ‘Vlad’ talk catastrophe,” Michael Goodwin, March 27). Biden managed to make diplomatic efforts worse. In the span of two days, he declared that the United States would respond “in kind” if Russia used chemical weapons, implied that the 82nd Airborne would be headed into Ukraine and implied his policy now included regime change in Russia, a nation with about 6,000 nuclear weapons. Talk about pushing Russian President Vladimir Putin into a corner over a war he is currently losing. After his Washington advisers walked back his statements, they apparently failed to notify Biden himself because he later doubled down. The election of 2024 can’t come soon enough, so we can have regime change here in the United States. Stanley Rubin Fresh Meadows Biden’s three recent disastrous statements on the world stage, the last about Putin, which have been immediately walked back by his staff, are a humiliation to the office of the president as well as a frightening glimpse of a world disaster that could rapidly play out. This is the fallout of the Democratic Party hiding Biden in his cellar during the last presidential election so as to fool the public regarding his verbal incontinence. Shame on the Democratic Party. Matthew Pease Demarest, NJ As Goodwin points out, Biden’s recent startling pronouncements — most notably, his demand that Putin “cannot remain in power” — have been quickly “walked back” by White House spokespersons. This behavior is reminiscent of the “Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain” line in the classic film “The Wizard of Oz.” It would be hilarious if it wasn’t so deadly serious. Biden should know that any public statement by an American president about an ongoing war must be accurate. If such statements can’t be trusted, then Biden himself is not trustworthy and the world has become a far more dangerous place. Mark Stuart Ellison Brooklyn I don’t mind Biden’s recent remark about Putin. He is right, no matter how undiplomatically he stated it. Alan Swartz Verona, NJ During his campaign, Biden leaned heavily on his supposed foreign-policy expertise. We were told he had ample experience from decades in office, he was sensible and he was a consummate diplomatic genius who would smooth ruffled feathers from the Trump years. With his disastrous misspeaking in Poland about how Putin “cannot remain in power,” Biden has not smoothed feathers, but plucked the bird. Maybe Biden thought a bit of off-script ex tempore speaking would make him seem more “authentic.” What he’s actually done is provide grist for the mill for Putin’s backers. The United States’ opponents will be quoting his fateful line and milking it for grievance for years to come. Robert Frazer Lancashire, UK In response to Biden saying that Putin can’t remain in power, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that it’s not for Biden to determine who is in power in Russia. Apparently, it’s not up to the Russians either. The Russian military must cease hostilities. It’s time for the Russian Security Council and the Federal Security Service to relieve Putin of power. Russia needs to rejoin the community of nations. Putin’s arrogance is in the way. Christopher Fishkin Jamaica As I recall, the current occupant of the White House ran on the notion he would bring normalcy back to the country. Is this his idea of “normalcy”? The more this man opens his mouth with his gaffes and off-the cuff remarks, the more he is slowly but surely leading us into World War III. What a disgrace and an embarrassment. Joseph Paino Manhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.