It’s hilarious that Joe Biden is embarking on a “Unity Agenda” tour. After he spent the past year stigmatizing the unvaccinated, demonizing Trump voters as domestic terrorists and siccing the FBI on parents at school board meetings, now he wants unity? Even his own party isn’t unified. No fewer than three party factions, including The Squad, have offered up contradictory rebuttals of his State of the Union address. Not that his own speech wasn’t chock full of contradictions and delusions. FEIGNING to stand up for Ukraine when he publicly told Vladimir Putin last month that a “minor incursion” was tolerable, and when his son Hunter treated Ukraine like a private piggybank during Biden’s vice-presidency. There is rich irony in Biden’s threat to go after the “ill-begotten gains” of Russian oligarchs, “your yachts, your luxury apartments, your private jets,” when Hunter partied in Monte Carlo, Lake Como, Acapulco and Shanghai with foreign oligarchs, visited their ill-gotten mansions in Moscow, and partied on their yachts. For instance, Hunter flew to Moscow on Feb. 16, 2012, to have breakfast at the $80 million mansion of Russian oligarch Ara Abramyan, a close Putin ally, who would be his link two years later to a lucrative board seat on the corrupt Ukrainian energy company ­Burisma. CALLING for unity to a room full of Republicans while falsely claiming that the Trump administration’s 2017 tax cut only helped “the top 1%.” Even the Washington Post has declared this a “3 Pinocchio” lie, pointing out that the share of federal income taxes by the top 1% increased while the share paid by people in the middle quintile of the income spectrum fell. POSING amusingly as an America First nationalist — complete with Trumpian “USA! USA!” chants from his colleagues on the floor. All power to Biden if he follows through on his promised “revitalization of American manufacturing,” but he will be going against his own record. Imports from China rose almost 20 percent in his first year of office and, when he was the powerful chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 2001, he pushed reluctant Senate colleagues to bring China into the World Trade Organization, a landmark decision that would deal a body blow to America’s working class as millions of manufacturing jobs were lost to cheap Chinese labor. Securing our border: This takes some chutzpah when Biden deliberately dismantled Trump’s hard-won border protections and is still in court fighting the remain-in-Mexico policy. Three million people from around the world trying to illegally break into the country is an invasion he is ignoring. He handed control of the border to the ruthless cartels, and even demonized horseback border patrol agents falsely accused of whipping illegal migrants. He boasted about “joint patrols with Mexico and Guatemala to catch more human traffickers,” but his administration is providing an essential link in the trafficking chain when it flies illegal migrants secretly around the country in the dead of night. BEATING the opioid epidemic: The “opioid crisis” he anointed as a bipartisan cause was turbocharged when he flung open the southern border to record quantities of fentanyl, a drug which is now the leading cause of death for Americans aged 18 to 45. GASLIGHTING us on the pandemic: “Let’s stop looking at COVID as a partisan dividing line,” said the president who has done nothing but manipulate COVID fear for political purposes, and changed tune only after opinion polls on his handling of the pandemic headed south. BLUNTING gas prices: He’s pulling our leg. Biden boasted about tapping into 30 million barrels of our emergency oil reserves — less than two days’ supply — while not mentioning a word about unleashing our plentiful untapped oil and gas supplies. He even pretended that his policies would cut “energy costs for families an average of $500 a year by combating climate change,” citing a dubious study which projected theoretical savings in 2030. But the entire purpose of his climate-alarm agenda is to reduce our consumption of oil and gas by raising the price. Instead of restoring America’s energy independence, Biden blathered about something called “environmental justice” and electric-car charging stations. Talk about fiddling while Rome burns. CHAMPIONING police “The answer is not to defund the police. The answer is to FUND the police,” Biden thundered. Well, yeah. But the party that defunded and demonized the police for the past two years can’t expect us to forget that they are the cause of the crime wave engulfing American cities. Biden himself played footsies with the defunders during his election campaign. Asked in July 2020 if he supported redirecting funding from police to social workers, he said, “Yes, absolutely.” In the same breath as he mentioned fallen NYPD heroes Wilbert Mora and Jason Rivera on Tuesday night, Biden raised police reform, a euphemism for disempowering cops or replacing them with social workers. VALORIZING the military Biden paid tribute to soldiers said to have contracted cancer from “burn pits” — an as-yet unproven claim on which he dwells in hope of a combat-related cause of his own son’s death from brain cancer. Improving health care for veterans is a worthy cause, but he said not one word about the 13 service members killed in Afghanistan during his botched withdrawal, a point made by Republican Rep. Lauren Bohbert when she heckled the president: “You put them in [coffins], 13 of them!” MYSTIFYING the world Biden went off script after saying “God bless our troops” at the end of his speech. “Go get him!” he ad-libbed. It doesn’t do to guess what he meant. But it was a vainglorious self-indulgence, much like his presidency.