The man who was killed when a distraught gunman opened fire on his three daughters inside a California church was a “generous and selfless” church elder who allowed the shooter to live on church property, it was revealed on Tuesday. Nathaniel Kong, 59, was supervising a visit between David Mora Rojas, 39, and his children when the troubled father killed all four before turning the weapon on himself in a tragic murder-suicide, a churchgoer told The Post. “He was always so giving and all he wanted to do was help [Rojas],” said church member Joseph Wang. “We don’t know how he got the gun because that would never be allowed on the church property.” Kong, 59, was shot dead at The Church in Sacramento on Wyda Way along with Samarah Mora Gutierrez, 9; Samantha Mora Gutierrez, 10; and Samia Mora Gutierrez, 13, when Rojas opened fire with an AR-15-style rifle, according to the Sacramento County Coroner’s Office and Sheriff’s officials. Kong had offered to oversee Rojas’ visitations with his three daughters, which usually took place in one of the church meeting rooms. “He had sat with him and the children many, many times before but we don’t know why the dad suddenly became angry,” Wang said. “I know the father was under so much stress to make ends meet, and I think that’s when the friction between the couple started happening. He just couldn’t find a stable job, so he asked Kong for help.” Rojas had recently been ordered by a judge to attend anger management courses and had an order of protection filed against him by his former girlfriend, Illeanna Gutierrez Rios. Kong, the church elder, was helping Rojas as he struggled through mental health and financial issues during the pandemic, Wang said. He met Rojas a few years ago when the church elder was handing out religious pamphlets at a street corner. Rojas and his then-girlfriend Rios eventually became members of the church. When the couple separated, Kong offered Rojas a place to live in the back house on the church property while he attempted to piece his life back together. Rojas had been there for the past few months while Rios and their three daughters stayed at the house of another church member, Wang said. According to court records, Rios filed for a restraining order in May, which was granted by a judge. Rojas was allowed visitation of his three daughters under the supervision of a friend or a member of the church. Investigators are still trying to piece together what happened during Monday’s meeting that caused Rojas to turn his rifle on his three daughters and his friend before shooting himself. Rios was not at the church when the shooting occurred, officials said. Wang said he and other members of The Church in Sacramento are devastated over the deaths of the young children and their church leader. Kong, who tried so desperately to help the distraught man, leaves behind a wife and children. “He was so giving,” Wang said while breaking into tears. “It’s so hard for me to say more. He served (the church) full-time, dedicated his whole life to people. We are devastated.”