Actor Will Smith’s now-infamous slapping of comedian Chris Rock during last weekend’s Oscars broadcast prompted outrage from some viewers — several dozen of whom filed formal complaints with a federal watchdog. The Federal Communications Commission received at least 66 formal complaints from disgruntled viewers over the slap heard ‘round the world. Smith rushed the stage to slap Rock and continued to hurl profanities after the comedian made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair. The complaints, which were obtained by TMZ, condemned Smith for getting violent and using foul language — with some calling for both the actor and Academy Awards broadcaster ABC to face penalties over the incident. “During the broadcast of the Oscars on 3/27/2022, Will Smith went on stage and smacked Chris Rock with an open fist. It is devastating to watch something so violent and unexpected during a show,” a viewer in Corpus Christi, Texas, said. “I watch the Oscars with my family, it seems one of the few event shows we can all watch together. It’s a special night for my children and we celebrate it with a late night viewing. My five-year-old daughter cried when he slapped Chris Rock, and started shaking when Will Smith foully cursed,” a viewer in Hamden, Connecticut, wrote. “ABC failed to post warnings prior to this year’s Academy Awards which aired on 3/27/22. Not only did the show contain a violent assault on air but it also failed to censor the vulgar rant afterwards that explicitly contained the four-letter ‘F’ word,” another viewer from Boeme, Texas, griped in a message to the watchdog agency. It’s unclear if the FCC will take action over the incident. Smith’s slap aired live during ABC’s broadcast, but the profanity-laced audio was censored thanks to a 20-second tape delay. Unedited versions of the incident quickly spread on social media, and closed captioning on ABC’s broadcast showed that Smith yelled, “Keep my wife’s name out of your f–king mouth” after returning to his seat. The FCC did not immediately return a request for comment on the complaints. Some viewers referenced the FCC’s handling of the infamous Super Bowl “wardrobe malfunction” involving Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson — an incident that triggered hundreds of thousands of complaints and a hefty fine against broadcaster CBS that was later nixed. Prior to the slap, Rock made a joke about Smith’s wife’s shaved head, quipping, “Jada, I love you, ‘G.I. Jane 2,’ can’t wait to see it.” Pinkett Smith has been outspoken about her battle with the hair loss condition alopecia. Smith has since apologized for his behavior, which occurred just minutes before he won the Oscar for Best Actor for his work in the film “King Richard.” “My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable,” Smith wrote in a statement on Instagram. “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about my Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.” Smith faces disciplinary action from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which said it was probing “violations of the Academy’s Standards of Conduct.”