Far-left Rep. Ayanna Pressley, an avid advocate of the “Defund the police” movement, spent almost $50,000 on “security services” in the second half of 2021, according to House of Representatives records. Documents indicated that the Massachusetts Democrat paid $20,991.88 for “security services” between July and August and spent $28,000 from September to December. The spending was first reported by the Daily Caller. Six payments of $7,000 were made to Alisa Tatarian, a financial administrator for the House who was listed as the recipient of money from other members for various items in the records, including “legislative counsel,” “shared employee” and “office supplies.” The Daily Caller reported, citing a Republican source, that it is unlikely Pressley actually paid Tatarian for the security services, as the latter handles disbursements and reimbursements for members of Congress in her role as a financial administrator. The remaining payment of $6,991.88 was made to Hackett Security, a Missouri-based company that offers government facility and operations security. Pressley’s payments came out of her Member’s Representational Allowance (MRA), which is “intended for individual member offices’ expenditures and receipts during a single legislative year,” according to the House’s government website. Each member’s MRA is funded through fiscal year appropriations and is authorized by the Committee on House Administration each year. The Post previously reported that Pressley spent more than $4,000 in the first quarter of 2021 on security expenditures and more than $3,500 in the second quarter, ending June 30. During her time in Congress, Pressley has repeatedly supported the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act as well as The BREATHE Act — which calls for total elimination of federal law enforcement agencies and would initially apply only at the federal level but would ultimately affect state and local policing in these areas as well. In a statement to the Daily Caller, House GOP Chairwoman Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-NY) slammed Pressley for wanting protection for herself but not the public. “Ayanna Pressley and her fellow Squad members have repeatedly called for our police to be defunded while simultaneously paying top dollar for their own private security with taxpayer funds,” Stefanik said. “All while violent crime rates are surging across our cities. Pressley and the rest of the Squad want police for them but not for us. Democrats are the party of elitist hypocrites and defunding the police. The American people know this, and that is why this November there will be a red tsunami.” Pressley is not the only Democrat with high spending on security services during the second half of last year. Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) shelled out approximately $19,200 on security services during the third quarter of 2021 and roughly $18,700 during the fourth quarter for a total of nearly $38,000 between July and December. Fellow Texas Democrat Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee spent more than $29,200 on security services in the third quarter and just over $48,000 in the fourth quarter, more than $77,000 in all. Her payments were made out to at least four different recipients, including the Department of Homeland Security. DHS also received security services payments from Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-NJ), who spent more than $21,500 in the third quarter and just over $20,000 in the fourth quarter — adding up to more than $41,500 in security services.