Horrifying video shows a missile slamming into the heart of Ukraine’s second-largest city, Kharkiv, as Russia entered a terrifying new phase of its invasion Tuesday — an escalation that President Volodymyr Zelensky quickly classified as a “war crime.” The deadly blasts in the city of 1.5 million people came just as the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) predicted the Kremlin would “dramatically” step up attacks after “significant Russian failures.” Footage showed the missile slamming into the right corner of a Soviet-era administration building — leaving huge plumes of smoke after it was completely lit up as cars drove by. “Freedom Square was hit by a cruise missile,” Ukrainian Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko said on Telegram. A second rocket hit just as rescue crews arrived — blowing away much of the roof and destroying a third of the historic building, Herashchenko said. Another airstrike hit a five-story apartment building in the city, killing at least eight people, the nation’s emergency services said. At least 38 people were rescued, including two people pulled out of rubble. The escalation came hours after the Washington-based ISW predicted the “next major phase of Russian offensive operations” would begin to counter “poor planning and execution based on erroneous assumptions about Ukrainians’ will and ability to resist” its initial efforts. “Ukrainian resistance remains remarkably effective and Russian operations, especially on the Kyiv axis, have been poorly coordinated and executed, leading to significant Russian failures on that axis and at Kharkiv,” the institute had said. Early counts found at least 10 dead and 35 injured in the multiple attacks, Herashchenko said — while warning, “The rubble is being cleared and there will be even more victims and injured.” Zelensky soon posted a video decrying the uptick in violence. “The strike against Kharkiv is a war crime. This is state terrorism on the part of Russia,” Zelensky said in a video Tuesday, the sixth day his nation was under siege from invading forces. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. “No one will forgive. No one will ever forget,” the president said of the “frank, undisguised terror” on a square with “no military” targets. Zelensky was later given a standing ovation when he addressed the European Parliament via video link, begging the EU to “prove that you are with us.” Many of the EU lawmakers wore #standwithUkraine T-shirts bearing the Ukrainian flag, while others had blue-and-yellow scarves or ribbons. In sharp contrast, scores of diplomats have walked out of two meetings at the United Nations in Geneva in which Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov was beamed in for a video statement. Tuesday’s caught-on-camera missile strikes came amid chilling reports that Russia had also used cluster bombs and vacuum bombs in the fierce assault on Kharkiv, a city in the country’s northeast of about 1.5 million. A maternity ward was relocated to a shelter amid an intense night of shelling. Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba decried the “barbaric Russian missile strikes” as he shared footage of the administration building lit up. “Putin is unable to break Ukraine down. He commits more war crimes out of fury, murders innocent civilians. The world can and must do more. INCREASE PRESSURE, ISOLATE RUSSIA FULLY!” The UN human rights office said Tuesday that it has recorded the deaths of 136 civilians, including 13 children. Local officials have recorded more — and the real toll is feared to be far higher. More than half a million people have fled the country since Russia first invaded Thursday. The UN human rights office said Tuesday that it has so far recorded the deaths of 136 civilians, including 13 children, since Russia invaded Thursday. Local officials have recorded more — and the real toll is feared to be far higher. About 660,000 people have fled to neighboring countries, which the spokeswoman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees said leaves the situation “set to become Europe’s largest refugee crisis this century.” The intensifying attacks on Kharkiv came as a 40-mile-long convoy of tanks and other military equipment was caught on satellite images forging toward Kyiv. “Kharkiv and Kyiv are now Russia’s most important objectives. The terror aims to break us and break our resistance,” Zelensky said in his video Tuesday. “They advance on the capital in the same way as on Kharkiv. This is why the defense of the capital today is the key priority for the state,” added the president, who has defiantly remained in his under-siege capital. “Kyiv is special. If we protect Kyiv, we will protect the state. This is the heart of our country. And it must keep beating. And it will keep beating, so that life triumphs,” he said, according to a translation by CNN. The Kremlin on Tuesday denied striking civilian targets and using cluster bombs and vacuum bombs, despite abundant evidence. A Ukrainian military official said Belarusian troops joined the war Tuesday in the Chernihiv region, without providing details. The nation’s strongman President Alexander Lukashenko — one of Putin’s closest allies — insisted, however, that he had no plans to join the fight. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson admitted Tuesday that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is “worse than our predictions.” “We are seeing an unfolding disaster in the European continent,” he said, according to CNN. “It is clear that Vladimir Putin is prepared to use barbaric and indiscriminate tactics against innocent civilians to bomb tower blocks, to send missiles into tower blocks, to kill children, as we’re seeing in increasing numbers,” the prime minister added. Lithuania’s President Gitanas Nausėda also warned that no country in Europe “can feel safe” from Russian strongman Vladimir Putin. “Yes, Ukraine is target number one, but if we cannot support Ukraine, if Ukraine will fall — be sure that we’ll be next, that Russia will stay at our doors,” Nausėda told CNN. However, NATO’s chief insisted Tuesday that there was no need to change its nuclear weapons alert level, despite Russia putting its own nuclear forces on high alert. “We will always do what is needed to protect and defend our allies, but we don’t think there is any need now to change the alert levels of NATO’s nuclear forces,” the alliance’s secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, said. With Post wires