Hamptons home prices reached radioactive levels during the pandemic. Back in 2020, the East End saw price record after price record, as the rich gobbled up properties sight unseen and over ask. Meanwhile, those who normally rented out their spread opted to bunker down out east instead, adding to the inventory crunch. The rental market back then was “panic-driven,” said Judi Desiderio, the president of Town & Country Real Estate, which operates eight offices in the Hamptons. “People wanted instant gratification to get out of the city as fast as possible,” she recalled. “Everything started from the moment schools shut down.” Now, some two years on, snagging a Hamptons rental for the summer still takes serious leverage. Inventory is more limited than ever before, and prices are still at an all-time high. But for those trying to get their elbows in, it’s not all bad news. Demand has eased up — at least ever so slightly, according to several real estate agents in the Hamptons. “The rental market isn’t crazy like it was at the outset of pandemic,” said Douglas Elliman’s Enzo Morabito. “It’s a normal season with people clamoring for top properties but not going completely nuts to get them.” Chris Covert, an associate broker with Compass in Bridgehampton, agrees. “Before the pandemic, the people who owned luxury homes looked forward to the extra income while they were zipping around Europe,” he said. “They care less about that today and want the option to use their properties for themselves.” This “renters non grata” attitude has depleted inventory and led to higher prices. According to research from Compass’ market intelligence team, rental pricing is trending around 10% higher than last year with rental activity spiking around 25% in the last few weeks as Hamptonites begin locking in their stays. In addition, the team’s data indicated that while there are some new properties available to rent, supply is down by half. Data from the Hamptons real estate listings site Out East also pointed to a dearth of high-end inventory. Of the 1,359 rentals currently available on the site for a Memorial Day to Labor Day rental, 44% are cheaper than $100,000 while 2% are between $500 and $750,000. Just 0.04% of the market is asking over a $1 million. Covert’s top rental for the summer is a home in the village of Southampton that went for more than $1 million for the season. However, it pales in comparison to the listing he currently has in Bridgehampton with a price tag of $1.65 million for the month of July alone. From well-known Hamptons developer Joe Farrell, the newly built property is an oceanfront spread at 155 Surfside Drive and spans 10,000 square feet. With eight bedrooms, nine baths, a swimming pool and expansive rooftop with a bar and putting green, it’s a destination in and of itself. Unobstructed views of both the sunrise and sunset are also a draw. But those looking to make a splash in the Hamptons this season have other options as well. Here’s a look at five of the most expensive rentals still on the market. Farrell is also behind another new construction luxury rental. This one, at 678 Daniel’s Lane in Sagaponack, is nearing completion and will rent for the first time this summer. It’s a seven-bedroom spread on the famed Lane know for Billionaire estates (it’s just up the street from Ira Rennert’s controversial Fair Field estate) and features a tennis court, swimming pool, gym and screening room. The beach is within walking distance. If you’re willing to pony up $475,000 to live in it this July, it’s yours. Covert of Compass has the listing. Located on chichi Dune Road in Bridgehampton at No. 15, this contemporary property sits on 176-plus feet of ocean frontage and boasts ocean and bay views. It has more than 6,000 square feet of interior space and an open layout on the main level that leads to a deck with a pool and a private path to the beach. There are eight bedrooms in all with the primary suite offering hard-to-beat ocean views. The home’s lower level, meanwhile, has a spacious rec room. It’s asking $975,000 for August through Labor Day (i.e., it’s already booked up for the start of the season). Catherine Juracich, Thomas Ventura and Alexis Godley of Douglas Elliman have the listing. Sitting on more than 3 acres of prime oceanfront land on East Hampton, this estate at 38 Two Mile Hollow Road in East Hampton is a sprawling 9,500 square feet. It has nine bedrooms, 9½ baths and an enviable lineup of amenities: an oceanside pool, outdoor kitchen with a barbeque, tennis court with a covered pavilion and a three-car garage. The bonus is the beachfront bungalow complete with a mini bar. It’s asking $750,000 in July and $800,000 from August through Labor Day.  Eve Combemale of Sotheby’s has the listing. Freshly renovated, 34 Cobb Hill Lane in Water Mill sprawls over more than 2 acres off a private cul-de-sac. With direct access to the Atlantic Ocean, this mansion weighs in at 10,382 square feet with thousands of square feet more set up outside for entertaining. Featured in Ed Hollander’s 2012 book “Private Oasis,” amenities at this eight-bedroom, seven-bathroom beauty include cathedral ceilings, stone fireplaces, a Japanese soaking tub, a sauna, gym, steam room, massage room and wine cellar. Outside there is a pool, a detached pool house and a guest cottage. This much room for activities will set you back $950,000 for Memorial Day to Labor Day or why not splurge and book it for the year for $1.2 million? Hedgerow Exclusive Properties has the listing. Up the beach at No. 279 Dune Road, another 11,000-square-foot property with seven bedrooms and 10 bathrooms is on the market. Featuring a contemporary aesthetic, it has a long list of amenities including a large gym, swimming pool and spa, a primary suite with a shower that offers ocean views and plenty of entertaining spaces. The spacious living room leads to two decks, one facing the ocean, the other the bay. A stay from Memorial Day to Labor Day will set you back $1.5 million. Arrive in August and move out Labor Day for just $750,000. Corcoran’s Susan Breitenbach and Cutter Koster have the listing.