An ex-con accused of sadistically beating a woman in a horrific attempted rape on a Harlem street mounted a “calculated attack,” Manhattan prosecutors said Thursday — as a judge ordered the sicko held without bail. Rasheen Davis, 39, was allegedly caught on surveillance video putting on blue surgical gloves and a full ski mask right before he pounced on the 43-year-old woman last Friday night. Cameras captured the “horrific, sustained, sexual assault and beating,” which took place on West 123rd Street between Lenox Avenue and Adam Clayton Powell Boulevard, Assistant District Attorney Marcella Lupski told the court. The prosecutor detailed the stomach-churning March 18 attack, which ended with Davis allegedly leaving the victim “unconscious, naked, beaten and bruised” next to a pile of trash. Davis, who had on camouflage pants, Timberland boots and a puffy black coat, stayed mum during his Manhattan Criminal Court arraignment on charges including attempted murder, robbery and attempted rape. His alleged victim had to be sedated for several days, and remains unconscious after suffering a traumatic head injury, including bleeding in the brain, prosecutors said. Davis is accused of punching and kicking the woman before tearing off her clothes at around 11:30 p.m. on the night of the vicious crime, according to a criminal complaint. “Video surveillance further shows the defendant stomp on said female’s head with a shod foot while she is naked on the ground,” the complaint states. As she lay motionless, the footage showed Davis “over and over again masturbating over the victim,” Lupski alleged. The brute then forced the woman’s limp body onto his lap, before again stomping on her head, prosecutors said. Disturbing footage showed the disgusting perv placing garbage bags on the victim, prior to masturbating again and trying to rape her. He finally left the scene — but not before stealing his victim’s jacket. Following his arrest, Davis identified himself in still images from the surveillance footage and admitted to “brutally beating” the victim, Lupski said. Davis — who has several prior convictions, including three on felony charges — was on parole at the time of the attack, having been released in 2020 on a robbery rap. He faces a minimum of 20 years if convicted in the case, Lupski said. Less than a week before the vile act, Davis and a cousin allegedly attacked and robbed an acquaintance in the vestibule of a building on West 116th Street near Malcolm X Boulevard. Davis allegedly slashed the man in the face with a razorblade before stealing money from him on the evening of March 12, prosecutors said. He faces several counts of robbery and assault in that case.