President Biden said Thursday he would welcome a 2024 rematch against former President Donald Trump while insisting that European leaders have confidence in his leadership. Biden gave the rare commentary on his re-election chances during a press conference that lasted less than 20 minutes in Brussels after a foreign journalist asked about concern among US allies that Trump could return to office. “The next election, I’d be very fortunate if I had that same man running against me,” Biden insisted after attending NATO and G7 meetings to discuss Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. “One of the things that I take some solace from is I don’t think you’ll find any European leader who thinks that I am not up to the job. And I mean that sincerely,” said Biden, who turns 80 on Nov. 20. “But it’s not an illogical question for someone to ask,” the president said about the possibility of a return to the White House by Trump. “I say to people at home, ‘Imagine if we sat and watched the doors of the Bundestag broken down and police officers killed and hundreds of people storming in?’ Or imagine if we saw that happening in the British Parliament or whatever, how would we feel?” Trump is openly teasing a potential 2024 bid and has blamed Biden for mismanaging relations with Russia — pointing out that Russian President Vladimir Putin didn’t invade neighboring nations while he was in charge. As president, Trump ruffled feathers among US allies in Europe by insisting they spend more money on their own defense and by weighing a drawdown of US troops from Germany. Ironically, six NATO members responded to the Russian invasion by increasing their defense budgets. Biden’s answer included references both to last year’s Capitol riot, during which Trump supporters disrupted certification of Biden’s win in the Electoral College, and the 45th president’s controversial response to 2017 clashes in Charlottesville, Va., between anti-racism activists and advocates of keeping a statue honoring Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. “He was asked what he thought. He said they are very good people on both sides. And that’s when I decided I wasn’t going to be quiet any longer,” Biden said of Trump’s response to the violence in Charlottesville. The president, eschewing the historical norm of avoiding domestic political commentary while traveling abroad, proceeded to claim that even US news outlets that oppose him know of his commitment to do “the right thing.” “When I ran this time, and I think the American press, whether they look at me favorably or unfavorably, acknowledge this: I made a determination nothing is worth, no election is worth my not doing exactly what I think is the right thing. Not a joke. I’m too long in the tooth to fool with this any longer,” he said. Biden insisted he could beat not only Trump in 2024, but that Democrats could retain control of the House and Senate in this year’s midterm elections, which Republicans are favored to win due to plunging Biden approval ratings and soaring inflation. “We’re a long way off in elections — a long way off,” Biden said. “My focus of any election is on making sure that we retain the House and the United States Senate so that I have the room to continue to do the things that I’ve been able to do in terms of grow the economy and deal in a rational way with American foreign policy and lead the world.” The president added, “The first G7 meeting I attended, like the one I did today, was in Great Britain. And I sat down and I said, ‘America’s back.’ And one of my counterparts, colleagues, who is a head of state, said, ‘For how long? For how long?’ And so I don’t blame, I don’t criticize anybody for asking that question.” Although Biden won the 2020 election by a broad margin in the national popular vote, he only narrowly defeated Trump in the Electoral College by eking out slim margins in a handful of swing states including Arizona, Georgia, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.