A man who allegedly terrorized his East Harlem neighbors with violent racist screeds for more than a year was finally arrested, sources said. Things got so bad at 158th East 126th Street, residents called the 8th floor the “floor of terror,” sources said. That’s where Marlon Carr, 47, lived and was arrested Friday morning, after barricading himself inside his apartment following a racist assault on his neighbor, a 39-year-old Asian man, according to law enforcement sources. “He was so angry at people because they make huge noise when they closed the door,” one of his victims told The Post. Carr allegedly accosted the victim, a 22-year-old Chinese woman, with vile comments and charged at outside her apartment on Feb. 21, police said. “He started to yell really racist things — Wuhan b–ch, suck my d–k. It was offensive. I’m Chinese, [there are] a lot of people in the building who are Chinese,” she said. “I emailed the building manager and I told the front desk about this. They were trying to figure out what to do. They can’t do anything because of the law. But now that he physically attacked someone, they arrested him.” Friday’s victim — who lives on the 5th floor — was entering the elevator when he heard a large bang, saw Carr and asked if everything was OK, sources said. An incensed Carr allegedly began yelling: “China-man, Wuhan b—h. I’m glad it’s killing you,” according to sources. The building manager attempted to intervene and called the cops — but not before Carr punched him in the chest, police said. By the time cops arrived, Carr had already barricaded himself in his apartment for 20 minutes, sources said. Residents who had stayed silent in the face of Carr’s alleged behavior reported other incidents to cops once he was arrested, police and sources said. Carr faces charges of assault as a hate crime, aggravated harassment as a hate crime and menacing for Friday’s attack, along with charges stemming from three other alleged bigoted incidents in the building. The building manager told cops Carr called him a racial slur Jan. 17, while stepping on his foot so he couldn’t move, according to sources. The 22-year-old woman, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said Carr had always been hostile towards his neighbors, but turned especially vitriolic after one of them called the police, after hearing his dog cry for help from his apartment. The incident have been dragging on for months, she said, adding, “It’s an expensive building.” Carr didn’t fling racial insults until after someone called the police on him, she said. Then, “he got crazy,” she added. Carr also allegedly harassed another Asian neighbor, a 31-year-old gay man, multiple times with slurs and by threatening to beat him, the sources said. “They called it the ‘floor of terror,’ that’s how scared these people were,” said one official. “These people were afraid to come out of their own home.” Studio and one-bedroom apartments in the building, which opened in 2020, go for $3,000 and up, according to the building’s web site. One resident told The Post he had heard of at least three incidents involving Carr — and worried he would soon return to the building. “He’s trouble. He’s harassed people and thrown things at their doors, particularly Asians,” said the resident, who declined to provide his name.  “I’m glad he was arrested. But he’ll be out in the street soon enough. The new DA isn’t trying to enforce anything.” He was due to be arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court on Saturday. Additional reporting by Griffin Kelly and Melissa Klein