Heartbreaking video out of Ukraine appears to show a lone german shepherd hiding in a ditch by a dead Ukrainian’s side. The mournful scene comes from new video footage revealing the apparent aftermath of Russian troops gunning down a Ukrainian man in a minivan — as well as one of two dogs who were with him. An initial clip of the minivan attack officially shared by Ukraine’s armed forces on Monday shows a man inside a Mercedes while the air is pierced by the sound of gunfire — as well as the brief whimpering of a distressed animal. The man filming it then cries out in heartbreaking horror as he spots another man lying prone in the middle of the road next to the still-open car door, with smoke in the distance. The video suggests it was close to the capital, Kyiv. Another clip appears to show the same black minivan covered in bullet holes — and the blood-soaked body of a German shepherd crumpled half on the road and half inside the open rear sliding door. A distressing pool of blood can also be seen in the middle of the road where the body had been in the first clip. Another German shepherd was seen hiding in a nearby ditch, next to what appears to be a dead body. The second clip was shared online from Saturday with a caption saying that it showed “Russian soldiers have killed Ukrainian civilians and nearly all of their dogs.” “It’s very important to document all of Russia’s war crimes in Ukraine,” the online clip said. The footage came amid heartbreaking scenes of Ukrainians hugging their animals as they try to take them with them as they flee the war — but not always successfully. NATO historian Dr. Peter Caddick-Adams on Tuesday noted the “heartbreaking” scenes of “scores of dogs tied up by their leads with notes attached, at train and bus stations throughout Ukraine, as their owners have had to leave without their treasured pets.” He posted photos of one dog, Alyssa, who had to be left with a neighbor after the owner was “mobilized and gone off to war.” Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. It came as more than 874,000 people have fled Ukraine since Russia invaded last week — a number rising so quickly, it could reach 1 million within hours, the UN refugee agency said. More than 2,000 Ukrainian civilians have already been killed in the first seven days of the assault, Ukraine’s emergency service said Wednesday. “Children, women and defense forces are losing their lives every hour,” it said in a statement. With Post wires