An American school has been “downgraded” by officials. The cause? The school is accused of “placing more weight on teaching social justice than on subject-specific knowledge.” So apparently, pupils at the school spent more time being taught about “social justice” than tedious old skills like reading, writing and math. Teachers, meanwhile, were accused of clogging up lessons with “stridently expressed views on social justice” and creating a culture “where alternative opinions are not felt welcome.” All the time, educational standards have slipped. Now which school could that be? It could be any number in Manhattan, especially the more elite ones like the disgraced Grace Church School. But actually it is none of New York’s shakedown woke factories. The school in question is the American School in London. And the downgrading has been issued by the British schools inspectorate, Ofsted. Unhappiness at the American School in London has been brewing for some time. Expat parents have been complaining increasingly bitterly in recent years. The school charges $43,763 a year, per student. For this, parents say that the school is teaching children all the usual American neoracism about “white privilege,” “white fragility” and the like. All part of that brilliant modern headlock whereby someone who is called a racist and objects to it is simply displaying more racism. It is a new twist on the old medieval trick for discovering witches. Dunk the women in a river and if they drown they are not a witch. If they float then they are a witch, so you can burn them. Of course, the classroom is no place for such divisive nonsense. But it is being taught at schools across America and American schools abroad, as well. And as almost any parent can now tell you, and a growing body of work demonstrates, the results are simply camouflaging a collapse in standards. In his new book, “Race to the Bottom: Uncovering the Secret Forces Destroying American Public Education,” Luke Rosiak lays this out in remorseless detail. He shows, for instance, how it isn’t just what is taught in American classrooms that is the problem. It is the whole crumbling structure now looming behind it. The way in which, for instance, even the most well-off school districts try to get around any disparities in racial testing among students. One way to address this would be to improve teaching in the classroom, focus more on students who are struggling and encourage greater discipline in after-school homework assignments. But that is the hard way. Much easier is to call in huckster “advisers” who for a suitable fee will pronounce the testing system itself as racist. What happens next is predictable as the sun rising. Standards go off the cliff. Yet the appeal is obvious. If a school can stop testing, then, hey presto, there is no testing gap. No tests, no testing gap. See how easy it is? And it is not as though it is some fringe movement that is trying this trick. Randi Weingarten is one of the most powerful people in American education. Perhaps one of the most important people in America. She is the president of the 1.7 million-member American Federation of Teachers. And she is just one of those who in recent years has decided to proclaim that standardized testing is — guess what — racist. Weingarten is probably one of the people most responsible for the decline in education standards in this country. Not least as one of those most responsible for the shutting of American schools during the pandemic. Though she has tried to rewrite her history since, Weingarten is one of those who should take most blame for the years of lost learning in America. But for people like Weingarten, there is always an explanation that sidesteps their own blame. Last year, she lammed into Stuyvesant HS for being too Asian. Weingarten didn’t exactly put it like that, but it is the only possible conclusion from her remarks. Of that school’s 750 students admitted in the previous year, only eight were black and 20 were Latino. Whereas 65% of the students that year were Asian. The blame? “Standardized tests.” Because obviously if you abolished tests, then the school would be more equitable, more socially just and have better results. There is absolutely no evidence for any of this, but Weingarten and a whole generation of American educators are wedded to it anyway. For them, it is the easier path, and the best way to cover over their own stupendous failings. Since they have proved unable to raise standards, they have decided instead to change the purpose of education. Such as by creating a generation of young activists and blaming any and all failures on amorphous forces such as “social injustice” or “systemic racism.” In doing this, the bureaucrats imagine that they are saving themselves. And they may well be. But they are wrecking the chances of a generation of American students, including those from underprivileged backgrounds who need excellence the most. For it is relatively easy to rewrite the rules of any game. In tennis, for instance, it is certainly easier to play with the net down. As it is easier to play basketball if you pretend that the aim of the exercise is not to get the ball into the hoop. In making these adjustments, you would undoubtedly solve one problem. You may even have persuaded some people to feel like winners. In reality, you’ve created a game where everybody loses. Who needs a generation of same-thinking automatons who excel in precisely what exactly? In America, parents across the country have had to take these matters into their own hands. It is only because American parents have woken up to the indoctrination of their children that school boards across the country have started to change. It is only because parents and a very few brave teachers have spoken up that America has become aware of the rot at the heart of its education system. But just imagine if the authorities were remotely on the side of parents and pupils, too. And spoke up, and disciplined radically indoctrinated, failing schools, as Ofsted has in Britain. Oh, how Weingarten and Co. would whine then. They will do anyway. But this time, it wouldn’t be in order to cement their jobs, but to save them.