The Knicks moved forward in the standings but it still might not be enough. Beating Kristaps Porzingis and the Wizards, the Knicks moved into 11th place in the Eastern Conference, passing reeling Washington in a 100-97 Garden victory on Friday which they nearly blew at the end despite a rollicking night of rebounding. “Our rebounding has been off the charts,’’ coach Tom Thibodeau said. “That’s a big part of winning.’’ Nevertheless, a comfortable 15-point fourth-quarter lead was whittled to one point with 40 seconds left after back-to-back 3-pointers by Washington’s Kyle Kuzma, including one banker. But with a chance to win it, Kuzma misfired on a 3-point attempt with 4.7 seconds left and RJ Barrett converted his two free throws. Down three, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope shot an airball from 3-point range with Barrett defending and the Knicks hung on. “It shows you no lead is safe,’’ Thibodeau said. “Kumza threw in some deep 3’s. We missed some bunnies and you’re fighting for your life. We got to finish better.’’ Per usual, Porzingis, the Knicks’ former lottery pick, was booed relentlessly at the Garden. But the Knicks were only cheered in winning their fifth game in their past seven to remain on life support in the play-in hunt. Though he didn’t shoot efficiently, Julius Randle scored 18 points on 6-for-22 shooting and had 17 rebounds as the Knicks improved their record to 30-40. They didn’t get any help from the Hawks, who upset Memphis to keep the Knicks five games back of the 10th seed with 12 games to play. “It was a good win,’’ Randle said. “We just got to finish the games better. But we made our free throws. Obviously we don’t want to put ourselves in that position to finish the game.” Porzingis played well, finishing with 18 points and 11 rebounds, but his February addition hasn’t helped the Wizards winning. Washington, which shot 43 percent against the Knicks, has dropped six straight. Mitchell Robinson was overwhelming with 15 points and 12 rebounds — 10 of which were offensive. The win was keyed by battering the Wizards on the glass. After three quarters, the Knicks mustered 17 second-chance points to none for Washington. For the game, the Knicks out-rebounded the Wizards 60-38. Porzingis said he “enjoyed’’ the passion of the Garden crowd, but not Robinson’s dominance inside. “Mitchell Robinson has gotten better, for sure,’’ Porzingis said. “Looks like he has put on some weight and he has really good instincts where the ball is gonna fall. It’s hard on a guy like that, that can jump and has enough strength now to get those positions.’’ High praise from the 7-foot-3 Porzingis, who was supposed to be all-everything when he got drafted. Now Porzingis’ career — and Robinson’s — are at a crossroads. Robinson is an unrestricted free agent. “He’s been huge and doing that all year,’’ Randle said of Robinson. Meanwhile, the Knicks got another productive night from Evan Fournier, who was 5-for-13 from 3-point range and finished with 15 points. He is now 11 3-pointers shy of John Starks’ franchise season record of 217. The Knicks won despite a bad shooting night from Barrett, who was just 6-for-22 for 18 points. Immanuel Quickley added 15 points off the bench. “We have to continue to do the things that are working,’’ Quickley said. On a night that Randle and Barrett each shot 6 of 22, it was impressive to dig out a victory with Utah on tap Sunday. “RJ had an off night but kept competing,’’ Thibodeau said. The Knicks scored on their first four possessions to take an 11-5 lead. But the Wizards flourished, helped by sloppy Knicks’ play. Thibodeau called it “careless turnovers.’’ Randle threw two hideous interceptions and the Wizards grabbed a 22-13 lead after Daniel Gafford’s give-and-go led to his uncontested dunk The Knicks closed the final seven minutes of the first half with great hustle and a 20-6 run. Porzingis was booed tremendously in pregame warmups and when he touched the ball. The fans will never forget his decision to not commit to New York. “It’s the Garden,’’ Randle cracked of the reaction.