A mum has left the internet divided after sharing the Dos and Don’ts her kids have to follow, which include paying rent. In a short clip on TikTok, Fawna (@tru_n8v) revealed the parenting rules implemented in the household, including ”yes” to swearing. Realizing some of these would be controversial, she began the viral video – it’s been viewed close to 666,000 times – by saying: ” I might lose some followers and probably get some hate but you know, it is what it is.” Fawna started the list with addressing the issue of swearing: ”In my house, at the age of 13, you’re allowed to cuss – as long as you use it in the proper context and you do not disrespect adults. ”And yes, you will say ”Ma’am” and you will say ”Sir” – you will be respectful.” She also claimed that her kids aren’t allowed to ”bother me, talk to me, touch me, nothing” until she has finished her first cup of coffee. ”And yes, they follow that rule and yes, they’re fine,” she claimed, before moving onto the rules the offspring will have to bear in mind once they become 16. These, Fawna explained, included getting a job, a driver’s license and paying rent – which the mum would save until whenever the kids would want to move out. ”I’ll return all the rent they paid to me over the months or over the years and they’ll have a nice nest to start.” The list left the viewers divided, with some disagreeing with the rules. ”The only thing I PERSONALLY dont like about the rent thing is that as a parent its our job to provide for them we are supposed to save money for them [sic],” commented one critical user. ”I never liked the idea of parents making kids pay rent, but I like your method of giving it back to them!” a second agreed. But not everyone shared the same opinion and took it to comments to express support, like this mum: ”Actually mostly what my husband and I planned on for our kids before we ever got pregnant.” ”My Daughter is 14 and we let her cuss as long as she doesn’t do it excessively or disrespectfully to us,” another parent said.