Calvin Ridley, who left the Falcons last season to focus on his mental health, has been suspended indefinitely — at least through the 2022 season — for betting on NFL games while away from the Falcons. According to the NFL, the star wide receiver placed bets during a five-day period in November, during which he was not at team facilities. “I bet 1500 total I don’t have a gambling problem,” Ridley wrote on Twitter soon after the news broke. “I couldn’t even watch football at that point. “I know I was wrong But I’m getting 1 year lol.” Ridley, who hasn’t suited up for a game since Oct. 24 in Miami, vowed to return in top shape. “Just gone be more healthy when I come back,” he tweeted. NFL Network reported that Ridley bet on Falcons games, as well as other sports. According to multiple outlets, he placed multiple parlay bets that included picking the Falcons to win, using his cell phone while in Florida. The service Ridley used was monitored by Genius Sports Gourp, which handles the NFL’s data and monitoring and reported the bets to the league. The NFL said no inside information was used to make the wagers. “There is nothing more fundamental to the NFL’s success — and to the reputation of everyone associated with our league – than upholding the integrity of the game,” commissioner Roger Goodell wrote in a letter to Ridley notifying him of the suspension. “This is the responsibility of every player, coach, owner, game official, and anyone else employed in the league. Your actions put the integrity of the game at risk, threatened to damage public confidence in professional football, and potentially undermined the reputations of your fellow players throughout the NFL. “For decades, gambling on NFL games has been considered among the most significant violations of league policy warranting the most substantial sanction. In your case, I acknowledge and commend you for your promptly reporting for an interview, and for admitting your actions.” While NFL locker rooms do not have the same can’t-miss signage banning gambling that is included in MLB clubhouses, all players are made aware of the gambling policy at least once per year — during the league-mandated security presentation in the 32 training camps. All NFL team employees are required to participate in annual online training that includes the gambling policy. That appears to be the minimum threshold, but one team expressed that it issues two additional reminders to players throughout the year via its own security staff. Another team said that it also makes certain players receive multiple exposures per year. Ridley can appeal the ban within three days, otherwise he will be eligible for reinstatement in February 2023. “We were first made aware of the league’s investigation on Feb. 9,” the Falons said in statement. “We have cooperated fully with the investigation since receiving notice and support the league’s findings and actions. We are moving forward in the 2022 season with the decision that was made. With the decision that was made by the NFL, any further questions on the investigation should be directed to the league office.” The 27-year-old had 31 receptions and two touchdowns in five games before stepping away from the team last season. “I need to step away from football at this time and focus on my mental wellbeing,” Ridley said in a statement announcing what he believed would be a short-term issue. “This will help me be the best version of myself now and in the future.” A former first-round pick out of Alabama, Ridley had his fifth-year option worth $11.116 million picked up by the team last spring. He became a hot name on the trade market rumor mill, with the Jets and Patriots among teams connected to him. Per ESPN, the Falcons knew punitive action was coming and declined to enter in serious trade talks. — with Ryan Dunleavy