PHOENIX — Julius Randle said the other night the Knicks’ season is far from over and for almost three quarters Friday night, he made sure of it. Then, the enigmatic side of Randle reared its ugly head and he was ejected with 2:40 left in the third quarter, with the Knicks up by 10 points, after shoving Suns forward Cam Johnson. Without Randle and with Johnson fired up, the Knicks couldn’t hold the lead at a wild Footprint Center. Johnson led the Suns to a miracle finish, capping a brilliant fourth quarter by banking in a 32-foot 3-pointer at the buzzer to hand the Knicks another heartbreaking, easily avoidable loss, 115-114. With Randle in the locker room, Johnson scored 21 of his 38 points in the fourth quarter to lead the comeback win and send the Knicks to their seventh straight loss — and the most crushing. “He was hooping, carrying us tonight, he was on his way to a 40-point night,’’ RJ Barrett said of Randle. “It would’ve helped us with the energy he brought to the game. But we still should’ve won that game. “Even when Julius went down we held our own. We definitely 100 percen should’ve won the game. [Cam] was on fire and made a great shot at the end. It hurts, but we’re still walking away with pride.’’ Randle was not made available for comment afterward. “You can’t cross over that line,’’ Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said. “You got to know where to stop. None of us are perfect. We’re going to make mistakes. But we got to be disciplined.’’ “It’s tough to lose him. He had a great game going. I’m concerned about everything. The shame of it is I thought we came out with a great effort to start the game. We had the game going in a good way, and we fell short in the end. It’s disappointing to come out with a loss.’’ The Suns took the lead with 30 seconds left, but Knicks center Mitchell Robinson (17 points, 15 rebounds, 8-for-8 from the field) scored on a tip-in with 15 seconds left, giving the Knicks the 113-112 lead and appearing to make himself the hero while also bailing Randle out. Alec Burks made one of two foul shots to make it 114-112 before Johnson’s game-winning 3-pointer and the Knicks couldn’t grab the loose-ball rebound. Randle (25 points) had been a firebrand all evening, but then lost his temper. Randle morphed into his supercharged mode — the same frenetic form as when he made his infamous “thumbs-down’’ gesture to fans earlier this season. Johnson tried boxing Randle out and the Knicks veteran elbowed him away as they battled for a rebound. Johnson then shoved Randle in the back before Randle turned to the Suns youngster, started jawing and shoved him as the referee was getting in between them. After the game, Johnson said their battle had started early in the game and kept escalating and had “adrenaline’’ going for him in the fourth quarter because of the scuffle. Barrett, who scored 20 points but shot just 6 of 26, said he didn’t talk to Randle afterward and he and Thibodeau said they had no idea what happened. Thibodeau said he, too, hadn’t conversed with Randle, who finished with 25 points in 28 minutes, going 9-for-18 and hitting all six of his free throws. He also had seven rebounds and four assists. Players from both sides started grabbing each other, and the fracas resulted with two technical fouls levied against Randle, which led to an automatic ejection following a referee review. Johnson got one technical. After the skirmish, Evan Fournier high-fived Randle, not realizing his teammate was about to be tossed. The Knicks were up 86-76 with all the momentum before the incident. They still carried a 93-81 lead into the fourth quarter. Randle’s backup, Obi Toppin, was already out because of a hamstring injury. Cam Reddish came in to play power forward and initially helped keep the lead. It has been an angry season for Randle, who has battled referees, the fans and assistant coaches, and who hasn’t been the leader he needed to be as the Knicks’ returning All-Star. “Losing him was tough but we still got to win the game,’’ Barrett said. “We’re a man down but everyone has to step up.’’