Belt bags, belly bags, fanny packs, waist bags — whatever you call them, they’ve been making a serious fashion statement over the last few years and now lululemon is jumping into the game. While the athleisure brand debuted their oh-so-popular 1L Everywhere Belt Bag in the summer of 2020, the Internet has taken a huge likely as of lately. Whether you’re looking for a sleek, hands-free place to hold your essentials while you run errands in town or want the perfect bag for your next adventurous trip, this bag is great for a variety of occasions. The lululemon Everywhere Belt Bag is made with a 100% polyester and water-repellent material so you don’t have to stress if you get stuck in the rain or want to wear it on your next beach day. It also features easy-to-access, interior and exterior zipper pockets to keep all of your small, daily essentials organized. Plus, it comes in 12 different colors including a classic black, bright pink, green camo and light grey. The best part? According to many lululemon belt bag lovers on TikTok, Reddit, and Instagram, it fits tons of items without it feeling or looking overstuffed. As a personal user, I can also attest that it does indeed fit a ton. “I love it! It fits my phone, keys [and] wallet, with room to spare,” said one reviewer on Reddit. “It’s not bulky at all! As a true 90s child I wear it fanny-pack style, and it doesn’t move around or slip while walking [or] running.” According to one shopper, who has previously been robbed, this lululemon belt bag has helped her feel extra safe and secure. “I have it in black, It’s great for long walks and hands free shopping,” she said. “It’s also a staple during travel for me. I purchased it after being robbed on a previous trip and it helps me feel like my items are safe and secure.” As for the price, the lululemon Everywhere Belt Bag retails for $38 but the good news is the brand regularly discounts select colors in their epic “We Made Too Much” sale section and those who have bought it full price have no regrets. “I usually never purchase anything full price but I use this thing everyday. So for me, it was worth it,” said a reddit reviewer. “You won’t regret getting one!” After seeing this bag blow up on the Internet, I decided to make the splurge a few weeks before embarking on a trip to Italy in September 2021. I opted for the black color and it was perfect for sight seeing! The mesh compartments helped keep my wallet, vaccine card, passport and other essentials organized and it was great to be hands-free while exploring. Once I got back from Europe, I found myself reaching for this fanny pack on the daily. Six months later, and I often choose this belt bag over many other options in my closet (even my designer crossbody bags)! It’s sleek, convenient and great for running errands. While sometimes difficult (and wonky looking) to wear over a thick parka in the winter, I look forward to purchasing another shade for the spring and summer. Check out the New York Post Shopping section, for more recommendations.