Cop handicapWhat very nice uniforms for anti-crime officers, Mr. Mayor (“Anti-crime officers are plainly cops,” March 2).They might just as well be equipped with flashing lights and little built-in sirens.Does the terms “undercover cop” or “element of surprise” mean anything to Mayor Adams? The goal of an anti-crime unit is to be able to get close to the bad guys, some of whom are suspected of carrying unlicensed weapons, without them realizing it. The billboard uniforms the police will be wearing are a joke.As a former police officer, the mayor knows that what I’m saying is true. My guess is Adams is being directed by Gov. Hochul — or maybe he’s just caving to the police-reform fanatics.This new anti-crime unit will never succeed, outfitted as planned. The street gangs will be laughing out loud.Dick MillsBardoniaCriticizing TrumpThank you, at last, for printing a piece like Michael Goodwin’s “Forget the Past, Don,” (Feb. 27).It is important that thinking like that appears in print. There are a lot of conservatives out there who feel alone, and that they are the only ones who believe that you can disagree with one or two of former President Donald Trump’s policies or opinions while still supporting him overall.Many from the hard right try to bully these citizens with an all-or-nothing attitude. I’ve personally lost friendships like that simply because I challenge Trump’s antics and extreme policies.Make no mistake — as a president, I feel that Trump had few, if any peers, in the recent past, and I’ve shouted my support.During his term I attempted to refrain from criticism. But the very end of his run was messy and unproductive, and many of his staunch supporters don’t want to admit it.Goodwin’s article will serve to validate the opinions of maligned conservatives who likely would still offer support for another Trump run.Dennis KerbisStaten IslandRodeo ‘bull’The video Cody Hooks shared of him falling from a bull and his dad aiding him was indeed “harrowing”— but not just for the humans involved (“Raging bull: Video shows dad protecting son from charging beast at rodeo,” Feb. 28).Seeing a terrified bull trying to protect himself from ropes that were cutting into his skin and a man who was clinging to his back —just like a predator would — was also horrible.Rodeos are nothing more than manipulative displays of human domination over animals. Sharp sticks, spurs and pinching bucking straps are commonly used to irritate and enrage the animals. They are also sometimes prodded with an electrical “hotshot.”Bulls being abused and provoked into displaying “wild” behavior in order to make cowboys look courageous isn’t what “courage” really means.Julia Perez-RochaBronxvilleLet Kyrie playWith vaccine passports on their way out, Mayor Adams said private employee mandates will continue (“Free Kyrie!” Editorial, March 2). Rethink the play! The message is both mixed up and messed up.Case in point: Kyrie Irving can shoot baskets outside Brooklyn, but not at home. He can now suit up, to sit down — while he watches unvaccinated players from other teams run circles around his teammates. What sense does this make? Let Kyrie play.And take all other unvaccinated employees off the bench. Many of these people worked through the pandemic, keeping the city in the game when COVID kept us down.Jennifer HogueValley Stream Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.