US Open champion Daniil Medvedev, currently ranked No. 1 in the world, could be banned from Wimbledon, along with fellow Russian and Belarusian athletes, unless they provide “assurance” that they do not support Russian president Vladimir Putin amid the country’s invasion of Ukraine, British Sports Minister Nigel Huddleston said on Tuesday. “Many countries have agreed that they will not allow representatives from Russia to compete. There are also visa issues as well. When it comes to individuals, that is more complex,” Huddleston said at a UK Parliament select committee meeting when asked about Medvedev competing at Wimbledon. “Absolutely nobody flying the flag for Russia should be allowed or enabled. We need some potential assurance that they are not supporters of Putin and we are considering what requirements we may need to try and get some assurances along those lines.” Wimbledon will begin on June 27 and run through July 10 this year. Medvedev, 26, was asked about the war earlier this month and replied, “My message is always the same — I want peace in all of the world.” Huddleston said Tuesday that many athletes have multiple or dual citizenships and would be willing to compete as “non-aligned, non-flag bearing entities.” Russian and Belarusian players currently are allowed to play on the ATP and WTA tours as neutral athletes, meaning they can’t play under the name or flag of their countries. Meanwhile, WTA head Steve Simon said he does not want players to be banned if they don’t publicly criticize the “decisions of an authoritarian leadership.” “You never know what the future may bring,” Simon told the BBC Tuesday. “But I can tell you that we have never banned athletes from participating on our tour as the result of political positions their leadership may take. “So it would take something very significant for that to change, but again we don’t know where this is going. I feel very strongly that these individual athletes should not be the ones that are being penalized by the decisions of an authoritarian leadership that is obviously doing terrible, reprehensible things.” Russia was previously banned from the Davis Cup and Billie Jean King Cup following the start of the country’s attack on Ukraine last month.