An influencer who was left permanently scarred and temporarily blind after getting freckles tattooed on her face says she’s now planning to get her lips inked. Tilly Whitfeld had ended up in the hospital after tattooing freckles across her nose and cheeks, using a sewing needle and ink she bought online. She was permanently scarred with severe redness across her face, and was even temporarily blinded in one eye after attempting the TikTok beauty hack. But the ordeal hasn’t put Australian Big Brother contestant Tilly off, as she’s now revealed that she plans to have a procedure called Lip Blush, where color is inked across the entire lip to give it a permanent rosy tint. The colour tends to last for two to three years, but fans were shocked when Tilly, 22, revealed on TikTok that she has been getting her lips tattooed. One follower wrote: “You’re seriously doing this after the freckles girl no.” “You did not have enough with the freckles?!?”, exclaimed another. And one person commented: “You didn’t learn from the fake freckles?” And one person commented: “You didn’t learn from the fake freckles?” Thanks to social media, many people started giving themselves semi-permanent freckles using tattoo ink and a sewing needle. Tilly copied the trend and bought ink, but unbeknown to her, it contained high levels of lead. Tilly was on Big Brother when fans asked why she was wearing a blue clay facemask on the show, and she took to Instagram to explain. She wrote: “For those asking why I have my blue clay face mask on continuously throughout the show this is what my face looked like a week prior to entering the house, hence why I always have makeup on and my skin is always covered. “This is the result of attempting to remove scarring I inflicted on myself trying to replicate an at home beauty procedure I saw on a TikTok video two months before Big Brother.” Tilly has spent over $11,065 to find a solution but is still left with permanent scarring across her cheeks as she showed in a recent TikTok video. She said: “This is to anyone thinking of getting freckles tattooed on their face. “Don’t.” She added: “I ended up in hospital with temporary loss of vision in my eye due to swelling and was very sick from the infection, not to mention my face was somewhat unrecognizable. Leave it to the professionals.” This time, Tilly has gone to a professional for her Lip Blush procedure, rather than attempting it at home. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.