 “Vladimir Putin was counting on being able to split up the United States. Look, how would you feel if you saw crowds storm and break down the doors of the British Parliament and kill five cops, injure 145 — or the German Bundestag or the Italian Parliament?” — President Biden, March 2 We say: We’ve seen plenty of bad takes on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but this one from the ostensible leader of the free world might be the most preposterous. The Russian strongman, who started grabbing Ukrainian territory in 2014, decided to attack again because of the Jan. 6 Capitol riot? Biden is also lying: Five cops weren’t killed by crowds that day — none was. One officer died of natural causes the next day, and four killed themselves in the weeks and months after. We say: So history isn’t the only field New York Times 1619 Project lead Nikole Hannah-Jones has trouble with. Never mind that Europe is a continent. The Pulitzer Prize-winner actually thinks simply stating that there’s a war on European soil is racist. The self-centered writer can’t imagine a problem critical race theory can’t explain. “President Zelensky said — I’m going to paraphrase him probably poorly — he said this isn’t a war on Ukraine, this is a war on democracy in Ukraine. When we allow democracy to be overtaken by those who want to choose who can be heard, and those choices are not based on anything other than animus or inconvenience, then that is wrong.” — Stacey Abrams, March 2 We say: Talking to “The Daily Show” host Trevor Noah, the Georgia gubernatorial candidate actually equated her progressive activism to Ukrainians fighting for their very survival, along with that of their nation. We wonder how she’d feel about Ukrainian democracy if she knew that the country requires ID to vote. We say: Impeachment star Alexander Vindman’s 15 minutes of fame are up. But he’s trying hard to extend them by making any and every issue about Donald Trump. In the final tweet of a thread blaming the former prez for Putin’s invasion, Vindman suggests Biden could have held off Putin if only Trump hadn’t mentioned Russia in an interview. Trump did make one mistake: not firing this joker from the National Security Council sooner. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board