A New Jersey restaurateur who appeared on the Food Network’s “Chopped” has been charged with sexually assaulting a minor, prosecutors said. Shalom “Sal” Yehudiel, who owns Teaneck’s kosher eatery The Humble Toast and Italian restaurant La Cucina Di Nava, was arrested Wednesday in Newark on charges of sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child, Bergen County prosecutors said. FBI agents contacted Bergen County Prosecutor Mark Mussella’s office in November regarding the alleged assault. A months-long probe revealed Yehudiel, 40, sexually assaulted a child under the age of 16 in Teaneck on more than one occasion, Mussella said. Yehudiel, a married father originally from Israel, remains held without bail Friday at the Bergen County Jail, online records show. The well-known local chef appeared on “Chopped” in 2020, becoming the first contestant to observe kosher dietary laws during the competition, according to NorthJersey.com. Yuhudiel didn’t win, but many Jewish customers and fans considered his appearance a victory for the community. The chef was also known for donating food to needy people and local soup kitchens, but that philanthropic image was shattered when two women accused Yuhudiel in lawsuits last year of sexually assaulting them, NorthJersey.com reported in December. The Rabbinical Council of Bergen County announced earlier that month Yehudiel, of Surfside, Florida, voluntarily stepped away from day-to-day operations at his eateries. Activists for local rabbis also wanted The Humble Toast’s kosher certification revoked as a result of the accusations, NorthJersey.com reported. It’s unclear if the charges filed Wednesday against Yehudiel are connected to one of the women who sued him last year. He has denied wrongdoing and filed counterclaims against the two women, alleging he’s being extorted, according to NorthJersey.com. In late November, roughly 30 protesters urged people not to eat at Yehudiel’s kosher deli, insisting they “support victims” instead of abusers, the outlet reported. “People were shocked,” rally organizer Netanel Zellis-Paley told NorthJersey.com. “Some of them said they wouldn’t eat [at] the restaurant anymore.” In the pair of lawsuits, a former waitress and hostess at The Humble Toast alleged Yehudiel abused her between October 2018 and May 2019 when she was 17 years old. He made lewd comments and forced her to perform oral sex in his office before she later resigned, “emotionally distraught and overwhelmed,” her filing alleged. A second lawsuit was filed by a woman who claimed Yehudiel met her at a synagogue in Fair Lawn when she was 15, NorthJersey.com reported. He later allegedly pushed her up against a wall, kissing and groping her during alleged abuse that lasted about two years. An attorney for Yehudiel’s attorney, meanwhile, has dismissed the lawsuits as “false and frivolous,” claiming the accusations were concocted to extort money from the chef. “He’s a devoted husband and a person of faith, and it’s very upsetting to him to be spoken about like this,” attorney Richard Mazawey told NorthJersey.com in December. “These lies are taking a toll on his life and career that he’s worked so hard for. Where can he go to get his reputation and business vitality back?” A message seeking comment from Mazawey was not immediately returned early Friday.