Sen. Joe Manchin is calling on the Biden administration to ramp up energy production and end crude oil imports from Russia after the invasion of Ukraine. The West Virginia Democrat, chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee,​ said the administration must ensure that the US becomes energy independent. “While Americans decry what is happening in Ukraine, the United States continues to allow the import of more than half a million barrels per day of crude oil and other petroleum products from Russia during this time of war​,” Manchin said on Monday. “​This makes no sense at all and represents a clear and present danger to our nation’s energy security​,” he said, noting that Russian President Vladimir Putin is using energy as a weapon “​​in an attempt to extort and coerce our European allies.​” Manchin said the US has the resources and the technologies to “protect our energy independence and support our allies around the globe.” ”​If there was ever a time to be energy independent, it is now. I am calling on the Administration and industry partners to take action immediately, up to and including banning crude oil imports from Russia​,” he said. “To continue to ask other countries to do what we can do for ourselves in a cleaner way is hypocritical.​” The Biden administration has refused to expand production of US fossil fuels in favor of pushing for an increase in clean energy production. Republicans have criticized the president for canceling the Keystone XL pipeline and said the administration’s green energy policies are encouraging President Vladimir Putin’s actions in Ukraine. White House press secretary Jen Psaki pushed back on those claims, saying the Keystone pipeline was not delivering oil to market. “The Keystone Pipeline was not processing oil through the system,” she said on ABC News’ “This Week.” “That does not solve any problems. That’s a misdiagnosis — or maybe a misdiagnosis of what needs to happen.” “I would also note that on oil leases, what this actually justifies in President Biden’s view is the fact that we need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, on oil in general … and we need to look at other ways of having energy in our country and others,” Psaki said. Russia is the third-largest exporter of petroleum products to the US behind Canada and Mexico. In 2020, Russia sent 540,000 barrels of oil a day to the US, according to the US Energy Information Agency. Without energy independence, critics argue, Putin will be able to hold the US hostage. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. “We need to learn lessons from this, and that is we are too dependent on China for our supply chain, we’re too dependent on Russia and the rest of the world for our energy,” said Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, a member of the Foreign Relations Committee​, according to the Washington Examiner​. “We need to be able to make more things in this country, produce more of our energy, or we could be held hostage the way [Putin’s] going to hold Europe hostage,” he said. The sanctions Western nations have slapped on Russia, although they haven’t targeted the oil trade, have shaken buyers throughout the world and have sent the worldwide price of oil to more than $100 a barrel. Meanwhile, members of the International Energy Agency agreed Tuesday to release 60 million barrels of crude reserves to try to curb the soaring prices. With Post wires