A 73-year-old grandmother was killed during a horrific carjacking in New Orleans when her arm and clothes were ripped off after she got stuck by the seatbelt as the attackers drove off, authorities said. Linda Frickey was carjacked by four teens about 1:30 p.m. Monday as she was leaving a business in New Orleans’ Mid-City neighborhood, WWL-TV reported. She was dragged for almost an entire block on North Scott Street, according to the outlet. “Her arm was severed from her body,” police Superintendent Shaun Ferguson said. An eyewitness told WWL-TV that the victim was trying to put something in her car when a person “jumped in and kicked her out and she got caught in the wheel well. “I heard screaming, like, ‘You’re about to die’ screaming!” the witness said. Nearby resident Todd Eckernc said he saw the speeding car dragging the woman by the seatbelt. “The door had closed on the seatbelt, and she was stuck in it … I got out of my vehicle screaming, ‘Please stop!’ Other neighbors were also screaming,” he told Fox 8. Another neighbor who had been walking in the area described the gruesome scene. “She was screaming, and she was screaming to please let her go and then they slowed down and opened the door to kick her out,” Leanne Mascar told Fox 8. “As soon as I saw her, I screamed. I just started running for her — I thought if I could somehow, I don’t know what I could do, but I thought if I could dislodge her from this car … when I looked down her body was already there, and her arm was … It’s just not something you expect to see,” she said. “She was laying there naked, and I thought the indignity she just suffered, it was already too much,” Mascar added. Her husband, Mark Mascar, told the outlet: “Just to sit beside a woman who’s a mother or grandmother and watch her fade away, as my wife said, we were praying. “I was telling her to hang in there because every time I heard a siren, I was hoping and praying it was the ambulance. I kept telling her to hang in there, breathing, her eyes were moving. I’ve never seen something so horrific,” Mark added. Police recovered the stolen vehicle about 13 blocks away, but the four carjackers escaped and are still being sought. Feguson asked for help from the public. “Someone knew something before it was going to occur and now that it has occurred, you know that someone knows that information as well,” the police superintendent said. Tim Levy of the Greater Mid-City Business Association told WWL-TV that “in six months, we’ve gone from some very positive things in Mid-City to … fear. Citizens I talk to, they’re all buying guns.”