Electric bikes and scooters are the trendiest new way to get around while the weather is warm. The bikes put a spin on traditional bike riding, adding an electric element that puts less pressure on you to pedal, allowing you to carry heavier loads, take farther trips without tiring out and arrive at your destination less sweaty and wiped out than if you had to handle hills all on your own. Similar to electric bikes, electric scooters are a blast to ride and make zipping through the neighborhood a breeze. With scooters, the only thing you’ll need is a bit of balance and that’s it, as there is no pushing or pedaling required. Be it bike or scooter, make sure they have a full charge and you have a helmet and then hit the road. See below for a wide range of options for both, including traditional-looking bikes, mountain bikes, adult scooters and options for the kiddos, too. Take a ride around the block and then some, with this adorable electric bike perfect for warmer weather trips. From sixthreezero, the new model of the EVRYjourney is decked out in spring colors and ready for you to ride. Our favorite is the sage green bike above, but it also comes in brown, blue and yellow. The bike and its accessories can be customized to your liking as well, using the widgets on the site. Welcome to Rad City, population: you. This slick electric bike is from Rad Power Bikes and it sure is rad. The white version, which ships in May, is decked out with a low-step frame and a rear rack on the back, perfect for city riding and errands when you don’t want to take the car. Should you want the black bike instead, it is available to pre-order now, set to ship out in June. Let your electric scooter take you everywhere, and you can take it everywhere in return. The new Yadea KS5 electric scooter is super easy to use and even easier to fold and store away when not in use, that it may just become your go-to mode of transportation this summer. Charge up quickly with 5H Fast Charging and then ride up to 25 miles, going about 18mph at max speed. The scooter also has Bluetooth capabilities, paring to any enabled device, as well as its own LED screen to show battery life, headlight status, a speedometer and more. Sold on Amazon, they are currently running a $40 off coupon, so act fast to catch this deal before it scoots away. Ride safe and smooth this summer with a new e-bike from Trek. The Verve+2 Lowstep is a perfect electric bike for those who want to enjoy riding more, but value a smooth and comfortable ride over all else. The pedal assist will help you ride longer and more confidently, while the suspension seat post and low step will make getting on and off a breeze. The bike comes in the blue color above, as well as in a metallic silver and a bright magenta. Oh boy! Hiboy is a great brand for electric scooters, and we found one on Amazon for a pretty good price. The Hiboy S2 Pro Electric Scooter is listed for $650, but when you apply the $90 coupon on the site, the scooter comes down to under $610 (with tax). It can reach speeds up to 19 mph and can travel up to 25 miles when charged up, one of the longer ranges on the market. Get on your pastel Bluejay Bikes, to kick off the summer in style. There are seven colors to choose from, including mint green, blue, white and black, all of which can be ordered in two different sizes — one for those 5-foot-5-inches and below and one for 5-foot-6-inches and above. Mountain biking is a lot of work, so why not make it a bit easier? Amazon carries this Schwinn brand electric mountain bike, coming in two colors and two sizes to accommodate all riders. The bike has seven speeds and a pedal assist motor as well, can get up to 20mph with the throttle and can last up to 35 miles on a single charge. If you’ve been summoned back to the office, consider trading in your car or metro card for one of these. This electric scooter from TurboAnt is designed with the commuter in mind, with a lightweight design for easy storage once in the office and an 18-mile range on a single charge. Plus, the under $500 price tag is hard to beat. Make sure your little one has their helmet and their passport, as this electric bike will transport them to Europe with its mod style. The Razor brand pink bike is an amazing toy for the summer, giving them the freedom to ride longer distances without tiring out too quickly (and then begging to be carried back home.) The same bike also comes in red, black, white and purple with various prices, but all of which have a range of 10 miles and speeds up to 15 mph. Sold at West Elm, the Detroit Bikes electric bicycle is a streamlined e-bike that will have you pedaling in the sunshine in no time. “With the motto ‘we believe that streets are best explored on two wheels,’ Detroit Bikes creates built-to-last bikes from its own factory in the Motor City. Based on the simple design of the best-selling Sparrow Bike, this electric version is both lightweight and easy-to-use for convenient city riding,” reads the product description. Have a whole bunch of stuff to haul but left the car at home? Bunch is an electric bike company with a little extra room. Well, actually a lot of extra room, as they were designed to carry whatever you may need help hauling, including your little ones to and from school, your pets when they tire of running beside you and as many groceries as you can fit in your fridge. The original model is pictured above, but explore their site to see the other options, including one with seatbelts for kids or one with a harness for the dog. Scoot into summer, and with savings no less. The Hover-1 electric scooter is now on Amazon, sold for just under $250. The scooter is both electric and foldable, making it easy to ride and even easier to store in your garage or home when done. It can go as fast at 12mph and about seven miles on a single charge. If you thought Segway was only for tours and mall cops, think again. This Segway brand electric scooter is a game-changer, winning multiple awards for innovation in 2017 and 2020. The Ninebot KickScooter Air can go as fast at 12.4 mph and about nine miles on a single charge. The whole scooter weighs only 23 pounds and folds up to be 8.7 inches, making it a portable and easy option for both riding and storing when done for the day. To segue back into kid’s scooters for a moment, this is one to watch for your little ones. From Segway and sold on Amazon, this Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E8 is like the adult version above, but make it special for your kiddo. The scooter is perfect for those 110 pounds or less, and can travel at speeds up to 8.7 mph for a distance of just over six miles on one charge. The scooter comes in this purple and blue combo, as well as in a pink and blue version and a dark gray and blue made for taller kids. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.