The grandmother of a 7-year-old girl grazed by a stray bullet in Brooklyn said Tuesday that the youngster and her mom are “traumatized” by the terrifying incident. Little Shauntae Gibbs’ grandmother, who did not provide her name, told The Post over the phone Tuesday that her granddaughter is doing “OK” a day after Monday’s terrifying broad-daylight incident at the corner of West 30th Street and Surf Avenue in Coney Island. “She is doing …,” she trailed off when asked about the girl’s mother. “They are just still traumatized.” “I just thank God that she is OK, that’s the important part,” the woman said. “This is not a good time,” she added. Gibbs was with her mother, Tanaisia Green, outside a deli just after 3 p.m. Monday when a gunman opened fire from a black sedan — inadvertently striking the girl, cops and police sources said. The youngster’s mother didn’t realize she was struck until she complained of pain to her left side more than two hours later, the sources said. The horrified mother called 911 and her daughter was taken by EMS to NYU Langone Hospital Brooklyn, where she was listed in stable condition. Police said the child does not appear to have been the shooter’s intended target. Cops recovered three 9mm shell casings from the scene. Three men were standing at the corner when the shooter opened fire from the deli, according to police sources. One of the men is tentatively identified as a known gang member believed to live at NYCHA’s nearby Coney Island Houses — leading investigators to believe the shooting stemmed from an ongoing feud between crews at that project and the Gravesend Houses, the sources said. A worker at Seabreeze Gourmet Deli, close to the scene, who identified himself as Zak, said he was serving customers when he heard the shots. “I heard about five — pop, pop, pop … one after the other,” Zak said. “Once we heard the shot, we started running. Some ran that way,” he said, pointing east on Surf Avenue. “I ran in the back,” he said. “Everybody [customers and workers] ran in the back. We didn’t stop to close the door.” “We stayed in the back until the cops came. That’s when everybody came out.” He said it was “very sad” that a 7-year-old girl was grazed in the fray. “It’s sad, really sad,” Zak said. “She didn’t deserve that, you know what I’m saying. She was just standing there waiting for the light to change and then this happened.” Another worker told The Post their surveillance video captured a black car with tinted windows slowly roll up to the light before passengers inside started shooting. “You see the smoke coming out from the front window,” he said. Yahya Alsaydi, 38, another deli employee, said he wasn’t there when the shots rang out. “I feel really bad, really bad,” he said. “It’s terrible.” Asked if he is afraid, he said, “A little bit,” laughing nervously. A cop car was parked outside the deli Tuesday morning. The terrifying incident comes after a particularly violent weekend in the Big Apple. In total, 29 people were shot between Friday and Sunday in 24 separate incidents, the NYPD said Monday. The violence also comes a week after the NYPD first began rolling out its new anti-gun unit — a key pillar of Mayor Eric Adams’ crime-fighting plan — which replaced the controversial plainclothes anti-crime teams that were disbanded two years ago. “The mayor is trying to do something,” Zak, the deli worker, said of the mayor’s plan. “He is doing all that stuff to take the guns off the streets.” “I guess, you know, we will see what happens. I hope it works.”