Spring has sprung – and with it comes an abundance of TV selections. This year brings a slew of brand new shows boasting big names (Samuel L. Jackson is starring in a show), and long-awaited returning crowd-pleasers such as  “Atlanta, “Barry” and “Stranger Things.” Here are some essential spring premieres to keep an eye out for. Samuel L. Jackson stars in this AppleTV+ miniseries about a 93 year old man with dementia who is temporarily able to remember his past and probes into the death of his nephew. Premiere date: March 11  on AppleTV+ This new Fox comedy is about a documentary crew exploring the lives of residents of a fictional Midwest town called Flatch, populated by a slew of eccentric personalities. Among them is minister Joseph “Father Joe” Binghoffer (Seann William Scott), his journalist ex girlfriend Cheryl Peterson, and best friends and cousins Kelly Mallet (Chelsea Holmes) and artistic Lloyd “Shrub” Mallet (Sam Straley). Premiere date:  March 17 on Fox (9:30 p.m.) After “The Dropout” and “Inventing Anna,” and “Super Pumped,” add this to the list of rise and fall shows about scammers and tech industry moguls. This AppleTV+ drama series chronicles the rise and fall of the start up “WeWork,” starring Jared Leto as CEO Adam Neumann, Anne Hathaway as his wife, Rebekah. O-T Fagbenle (“The Handmaid’s Tale”) and America Ferrera also co-star. Premiere date: March 18 on AppleTV+ Get your horse and carriage. Netflix’s steamy hit is back, this time following another Bridgerton sibling, Anthony (Jonathan Bailey), as he looks for marriage to a sensible match but ends up falling for her older sister, Kate (Simone Ashley). Season 1 star Rege Jean-Page won’t return, but that doesn’t impact the plot much, since it’s based on a series of novels by Julia Quinn that each focus on a different Bridgerton sibling. Premiere date: March 25 on Netflix Dondald Glover’s groundbreaking FX show returns after a long hiatus, since Season 2 aired in 2018. The season will follow Earn (Donald Glover), Alfred / Paper Boi (Brian Tyree Henry), Darius (LaKeith Stanfield) and Van (Zazie Beetz) on a European tour, adjusting to their new success. Premiere date: March 24 on FX (10 p.m.) Noho Hank is back at last. HBO’s Emmy winning dark comedy returns after a long hiatus (Season 2 aired in 2019). This season follows Barry (Bill Hader) as he tries to leave the world of contract killing and fully enter the world of acting. Premiere date: April 24 on HBO (10 p.m.) Based on a 1963 sci-fi novel, this Showtimes series follows alien Faraday (Chiwetel Ejiofor) who lands on Earth as his own planet fights for survival, and warns scientistJustin Falls (Naomie Harris) that Earth is heading towards the same fate. Premiere date: April 24 on Showtime The latest Disney+ show in the “Star Wars” universe follows Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) watching over young Luke Skywalker on Tatooine, ten years after the events of “Star Wars Episode III – Revenge of the Sith.” Hayden Christensen returns as Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader. Premiere date: May 25 on Disney+ The penultimate season of Netflix’s 1980s sci fi hit sees the central gang scattered to the wind: Everyone thinks Hopper (David Harbour) is dead but Netflix revealed in the trailer that he’s alive in a remote camp in Russia, meanwhile, Eleven (Millie Bobbie Brown) is grieving his death and has moved away from Hawkins with Joyce (Winona Ryder) and her family. Premiere date: May 27 on Netflix