The Browns have emerged as a possible contender in the Deshaun Watson sweepstakes. Cleveland brass is slated to meet with Watson on Tuesday, according to reports, one day after the 26-year-old quarterback met with members of both the Panthers and Saints organizations. Both clubs are said to have made offers to Watson, who, following a grand jury ruling Friday, will not face criminal charges related to nine allegations of sexual misconduct from massage therapists. Watson, who did not play during the 2021 season, is also slated to sit for a deposition on Tuesday. He still faces 22 civil lawsuits in which he is accused of sexual misconduct. He can still face punishment from the NFL after the league’s own investigation. The Browns, who are coming off a disappointing 8-9 season, add an unexpected twist in the race for Watson’s services. Cleveland’s franchise quarterback, former first-overall pick Baker Mayfield, endured a challenging fourth year with the Browns, in which he also played through a shoulder injury. Mayfield, 26, underwent surgery in January, the same month NFL Network reported how the Browns planned to move forward with the quarterback. Watson currently has a no-trade clause in his contract with the Texans, who “would prefer to trade” him to an NFC team, a source told USA Today. The Browns are in the AFC North, whereas the Saints and Panthers are in the NFC South. In addition to the Browns, the Falcons have also joined their NFC South rivals in hopes of acquiring Watson, ESPN reported Tuesday. Elsewhere, the Colts also attempted to toss their hat into the ring but were denied by the Texans. Although Houston is said to be fine with moving on from Watson, ESPN’s Adam Schefter noted Monday that they aren’t keen on trading him within the AFC South, which includes the Colts. The Panthers have long been linked to Watson and cycled through quarterbacks Sam Darnold, P.J. Walker, and Cam Newton last season, finishing with a 5-12 record. The Saints, meanwhile, finished at 9-8, with Jameis Winston, Trevor Siemian, and Taysom Hill all getting the opportunity to play under center. Winston, who tore his ACL this past season, is an impending free agent, possibly opening the door for the Watson era to begin in New Orleans. Watson was originally drafted 12th overall by the Texans in 2017.