Americans face a real candy crush this Easter. Soaring costs of raw materials such as milk, sugar and cocoa, and a shortage of aluminum used to make wrappers, have sparked a surge in the cost of candy, making it more expensive than ever for the Easter Bunny to fill baskets on April 17. “We’re just going to stick with the basics and buy only what we need,” said Monica Matute, a stay-at-home mom from Bensonhurst, who will celebrate Easter with her two daughters and two nieces, ages 3 to 15. “It’s not like before. You can just see the difference in prices anytime you go to the supermarket.” A Post survey of seasonal sweets shows the average cost of an Easter basket has skyrocketed to $61.83, up from $50.46 in the pre-pandemic spring of 2019. That’s an increase of 22.5%, more than double the already historic 9% percent inflation rate in the same period. Mitch Cohen of Economy Candy on the Lower East Side reports rising costs across the board since 2019: ever-popular confections such as Hershey’s bars and Kit Kats have risen from 99 cents each to $1.25 each (26%); the price of jelly beans has grown from $3.99 to $4.99 per pound (25%); and a medium-sized 6-ounce chocolate bunny has risen from $4.99 to $5.99 (20%). Shortages are also plaguing the candy industry, according to experts. “Sadly our order of Peeps did not arrive this year and we received only a limited number of chocolate bunnies,” Cohen said. “We’ll be sold out before Easter.” Transportation, logistics and labor issues are making it tough to get product to market this Easter, said Peeps product manager Caitlin Servian, while noting that Just Born will produce 2 billion of the iconic marshmallow treats this year. “All candy companies are facing similar supply chain issues, labor shortages, driver shortages and long lead times on packaging and ingredients,” she said. Skyrocketing fuel and transportation costs compound the candy crisis. Luxury chocolatier Jacques Torres of Brooklyn spent $23,000 on a recent shipment of packaging from Indonesia. It cost him only $9,000 for the same shipment just two years ago. His giant 6-pound, 2½-feet tall chocolate bunnies, which he sold for around $90 in recent years, are listed at $130 this year. Even at that price, “we’re taking a hit” said Torres. “We can’t pass along the entire added costs to consumers.”