 With a return to festive dressing on the rise, it’s inevitable that our heel heights would also soar. After two years of slippers, sneakers and flats, it’s time to level up in spring’s silhouette du jour. Taller, zanier and, yes, brighter than ever before, Bottega Veneta’s eye-catching platforms are a nod to the retro OG styles from the ‘70s. But they’re full of refreshingly modern details, too, like a striking square toe, futuristic clasp and glossy finish. And much like those of us who’ve been dreaming of a night out on the town, these towering beauties are primed to party. “Bridgerton” fans, rejoice! Just in time for Friday’s hotly anticipated Season 2 debut, The Carousel @ Bloomingdale’s: Bridgerton pop-up is stocking fabulous Regency London-inspired fashion and home items, many created by women and designers of color. Among the finds: Wedgwood x Sheila Bridges china (featuring the interior designer’s Harlem Toile de Jouy patterns), a Hope for Flowers by Tracy Reese capsule collection, Malone Souliers’ bow-bedecked shoes, and Beekman 1802 goat-milk soaps wrapped in Lady Whistledown Society Papers. You’ll also find many of the costumes worn on the hit Netflix series. Swoon! With a starry new creative director, Glenn Martens, and a just-launched Soho flagship, legendary denim brand Diesel is getting a serious upgrade. Martens (who’s also a guest designer for Jean Paul Gaultier Couture and leads the Y/Project label) is infusing Diesel’s offerings with his own irreverent, expert tailoring. He toasted the new two-story boutique at a splashy opening party last month, with a DJ spinning for guests like La La Anthony and Alexandra Richards. The industrial-chic, exposed-brick space also showcases Diesel Library, the label’s new sustainable denim collection. Parisian label Ami is celebrating its 10th anniversary in style. In December, the brand opened its first US outpost: a chic, 2,000-square-foot mirrored emporium in Soho, filled with men’s and women’s fashions and accessories. Imagined by Ami’s creative director Alexandre Mattiussi, the flagship also features limited-edition collabs, including a sophisticated new range of floppy felt hats (in luxe hues of burgundy, green and black) with storied Italian milliner Borsalino.