A Pennsylvania woman was left looking like a “Monsters, Inc.” character after an allegedly botched lip-filler injection caused her kissers to balloon up to “eight times” their normal size, she claimed. A clip detailing her super-sized smackers has topped 3 million views on TikTok. “The pictures don’t even really show how big they were — it was crazy,” Kailee Jones, 23, told Kennedy News and Media of her life raft-evoking lips. The Philadelphia resident said she got fillers for the first time in November because she felt her lips were disproportionately small compared to the rest of her face. “I’ve always had thinner lips, and they disappear when I smile, so I wanted to make them fit my face a little bit more,” Jones explained. In retrospect, the poor gal probably should’ve been careful what she wished for. After reportedly getting 1 milliliter of filler injected across her top and bottom lips, the technology consultant said that her lips began to swell rapidly over the next hour — which she chalked up to an allergic reaction to the filler. Unfortunately, attempts to curb the swelling with ice only seemed to exacerbate the problem, she said. “Once it hit, after an hour or two they were really big, and then it was 48 hours of them being that big,” lamented Jones, whose colossal kissers reportedly left her unable to drink or even speak normally. “I would say they were eight times the size of my normal lips; it was unreal,” the mortified gal exclaimed. “I looked like the ‘Monsters, Inc.’ character,” she said, referring to the plush-lipped cartoon character Fungus. Jones said her family had similar reactions. “My brother didn’t even know I was getting them done, and I walked in like that, and he was just like, ‘What the hell?’ ” the distraught zoomer recalled. “My mom was very worried and was scared my throat was going to close, so she kept checking on me.” Fearing complications from her remarkably puffy pout, Jones checked in with the doctor, Kennedy News reported. “I was scared it was going to go to my throat, which is what doctors said it could do, and my throat could close, basically,” said the alarmed woman. “That was my biggest fear and then also just thinking ‘Are they stuck like this?’ “ Doctors reportedly prescribed Jones a weeklong regimen of oral steroids, which thankfully caused the swelling to fade over three days. They also didn’t need to dissolve the filler — as was the case with other lip-fluffing fiascos. Jones has since posted a compilation of selfies to TikTok in an effort to prevent other gals from being hurt by “inflation.” Unfortunately, many TikTok gawkers thought she had gotten her lips fluffed to that size on purpose, according to Jones. “YOU LOOK LIKE AN ADULT STORE BLOW UP DOLL! STOP IT YOUNG LADY,” said one cruel commenter. “[Oh my God,] I thought she glued sausages on her lips as a joke but I guess [they’re] real,” cracked another. One seconded Jones’ “Monsters, Inc.” analogy that compared her to the character Fungus after he got his lips caught in the “scream extractor.” Despite the harrowing oral ordeal, the young lady hasn’t totally sworn off pout-plumping procedures now that her lips have shrunk. “I definitely am scared of getting them done again, but I do like the way they look now, so I don’t know if I will,” she said. In a more serious filler fiasco last year, an Arkansas nurse reportedly almost lost her face after the chemical was injected into a blood vessel by accident.