My son had to wait five years to get a seat at a charter school. As frustrating and painful as that was, I actually feel lucky. But there are 50,000 families on New York City charter waitlists who aren’t lucky. That’s unfair — and completely avoidable. Albany needs to eliminate the charter cap and stop blocking opportunities for kids like mine. My children Hunter and Hayden started at a Catholic private school. Hunter, my daughter, then went to a district school. I researched charter schools for years and always knew they would be a good option for my children. I wasn’t able to get my daughter into one, but I was determined with my son. I applied for Hayden to get into Success Academy through its lottery every year for five years. I never gave up — from the day he started kindergarten to the day I got the call that he was accepted, right as fourth grade was starting. It was like “Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory,” and we won a golden ticket. I cannot speak for every charter school, but my experience has been that Hayden’s teachers have really been there to help him and us. The school is able to employ such great teachers and advisers that there’s almost no way a child could go there and fail. The teachers call me, we sit down for long discussions, and they actually listen to me. I have never felt so included as a parent in my children’s education. They have fostered an environment where no one is made to feel like he or she is alone. I did not find that at all in the other schools my children attended. My daughter’s school experience left her lost, frustrated and wanting to drop out. We would talk to her teachers, but I could hear in their voices that they didn’t really care; they were doing a job and getting a paycheck. But Hayden has excelled since moving to a charter school. He has an Individualized Education Program, which was enforced at his old school, but Success Academy has gone above and beyond. It was unprecedented to me. During remote learning, I was so thankful my son was at a charter school. When other schools were failing with remote programs, the charters were up and running — and efficient. When he logged into class I would sometimes listen in, and the lessons were so captivating. I could hear his classmates exchanging ideas and the teachers trying activities to keep everyone engaged. Hayden struggled with the return to in-person learning this year; he has chronic asthma and a thyroid condition, so he’s been wary of the virus. Through the transition I was in touch with his principal, talking and texting to alleviate his concerns. That one-on-one support is not something I saw with my daughter’s school or at other schools. Hayden starts high school next year, and there has never been a doubt that he’ll stay at Success Academy. I tell friends to just apply — they might be scared because they have heard that the charter system is strict or rigorous, but we found it to be the best learning environment possible. Given my experiences with the different schooling models and the pandemic struggles of the past two years, the learning loss and the large charter waitlists that exist, I can’t imagine why elected officials would block charter schools. What possible reason is there to do that? Elected officials should be helping families like mine. Every family should have the choice of where and how their children are educated. Nicole Tavernier’s son will graduate from Success Academy Harlem East in the spring.