Award-winning porn star Raven Alexis died last Wednesday from a life-threatening infection amid a battle with Crohn’s disease. She was 35 years old. The adult entertainer’s husband, who has not been named out of privacy concerns, confirmed her death in a video message posted on Instagram and Facebook Thursday, Adult Video News (AVN) reported. “I want all those people out there to know that she loved you all, she cared about you and I’m just so blessed to have her in my life and be a part of my life,” he said. “She was the absolute world to me, the love of my life.” Alexis’ bereaved beau announced that the skin flick star had died at a Las Vegas hospital of “complications” from Crohn’s disease, an inflammatory condition that affects the digestive tract. Specifically, she succumbed to septic shock — when one’s blood pressure drops to a dangerously low level — while her body tried to fight off an infection. Alexis broke onto the porn scene as an “internet model,” helming the adult membership sites RavenAlexis.com and RavensPlayhouse.com. Following her independent adult entertainment ventures, the blossoming porn star was hired by production company Digital Playhouse, where she worked from 2009 to 2010. “At the time, they were the company that I felt was more in line with my goals,” Alexis said in a 2011 interview with Shabooty. After departing DP, the adult film actor starred in a series of hit porno pics. These titillating titles included “The Graduate XXX: A Paul Thomas Parody,” “The Official Revenge of the Nerds Parody” and “This Ain’t Ghostbusters XXX 3D” for Hustler Video. Alexis earned numerous accolades during her storied skin flick career, notably winning the awards for both the Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene and the Fan Award for Wildest Sex Scene in 2011 for her work in “Body Heat.” That same year, the decorated adult entertainer claimed she’d been diagnosed with stage four liver cancer on “The Howard Stern Show,” the Daily Mail reported, and said that the disease had metastasized to her brain. “‘Chemo is hard,” she told the radio show host. “Not eating is really hard.” After the episode aired, however, her boyfriend at the time refuted her claims. Nonetheless, Alexis never denied she had cancer, even claiming that she beat the disease with the aid of high-alkaline mineral water, Ranker reported. The star’s death arrived with the porn community still reeling from the passing of trans porn performer Angelina Please. The adult entertainer — whose real name was Francesca Montalbano — was found dead in her Las Vegas flat earlier this month after being missing for nearly a week.