Mitch Trubisky will get the first chance to fill Ben Roethlisberger’s shoes. Trubisky agreed to a contract Monday with the Pittsburgh Steelers and is expected to be their starting quarterback, according to multiple reports. Terms of the two-year deal, which cannot officially be signed until Wednesday, were not immediately available. After Roethlisberger’s retirement in January, the Steelers were left with Mason Rudolph and Dwayne Haskins as their top in-house quarterback options. They poked around the trade market – Deshaun Watson and Jimmy Garoppolo still are available after the Broncos landed Russell Wilson and the Commanders dealt for Carson Wentz – but went for the much simpler route. Trubisky, 27, is the prime example of how a year without bad film can make NFL teams forget about flaws. One year ago, Trubisky entered free agency as the unwanted draft bust of the Chicago Bears, who made him the No. 2 pick in 2017 ahead of Patrick Mahomes and Watson. Trubisky went 29-21 as a starter with a Pro Bowl selection and two playoff appearances, but the Bears declined his fifth-year option and ultimately moved on to another first-rounder in Justin Fields. Trubisky settled for a one-year, $2.5 million contract with the Bills, where he threw eight passes as a backup to Josh Allen. He returned to free agency with a much-improved market bolstered by concerns about the quarterbacks available in the 2022 NFL Draft class and the needs of teams like the Steelers, Seahawks, Saints and Colts. Reports recently surfaced of mutual interest between Trubisky and the Giants – who hired general manager Joe Schoen and head coach Brian Daboll away from the Bills – but league sources remained steadfast in telling The Post that marriage was unlikely because the Giants couldn’t offer Trubisky the opportunity to start over Daniel Jones nor the low-end starter money (about $10 million per year) that he was expected to command. Jameis Winston and Marcius Mariota – the top two picks in the 2015 NFL Draft – are among the other top free-agent quarterbacks available. The AFC North is now home to the No. 1 overall picks in the 2018 (Browns’ Baker Mayfield) and 2020 (Bengals’ Joe Burrow) drafts, the No. 2 pick in the 2017 draft (Trubisky), as well as to the 2019 NFL MVP (Ravens’ Lamar Jackson).