It was like a blubbery tugboat. Tourists in Mexico had a whale of a time after a gray whale lifted their boat and took them along for a supersized joy ride. Footage of the accidental “whale riders” is currently blowing up online. “I’ve been there many times and this never happens!” Lory Barra told Viral Hog of the magical encounter, which happened March 8 off the coast of Guerrero Negro, Baja California Sur, Mexico. The “extremely rare occurrence” went down while the Manhattan Beach, California native was reportedly playing with the “gray whale in her breeding/mating lagoon in Guerrero Negro Mexico (Baja) for over 2 hours.” “She was having so much fun coming to us all for pets and kisses,” gushed Barra of the sea beast, which reportedly was twice the size of their vessel and weighed 30 tons. However, things took a turn after Moby Dick decided to give them a tow. The ensuing one-minute clip starts off typically enough with the playful cetacean breaching under the party’s boat as guests marvel. Then, all of a sudden, the whale hoists the vessel onto its back and ferries the passengers along like a modern-day Nantucket Sleigh Ride. “She’s taking us for a ride,” exclaims Barra, who can be seen putting her hand in the water as her blubbery tugboat glides along with its bipedal passengers in tow. “I can’t believe this.” The enchanting footage ends with the massive marine mammal descending into the gloom from whence it came. “Twice she lifted our boat gently onto her back and swam away with us,” described Barra. “She went fast enough to make a wake through my fingers.” A free ride apparently wasn’t the only interaction during their interspecies bonding session. The University of Hawaii graduate said that in a separate video, the colossal critter “turned to look at me a few times and we had a soul to soul experience between two mammals.” “She waves at me with her pectoral fin as she lets our boat go,” Barra fawned. “Almost touching my hand.” In a far more terrifying cetacean experience in June, a Massachusetts lobsterman survived after allegedly getting swallowed whole by a humpback a la “Jonah and the Whale.”