A veterinarian is being hailed as a hero after he navigated war-torn Ukraine to save animals caught in the crossfire of the rising conflict. Jakub Kotowicz has rescued over 200 cats and 60 dogs from Lviv, across three convoys. The 32-year-old entered the war zone last week as part of a caravan from Przemyśl on the Polish border. The animals he liberated included Vira, a dog with a bullet caught in her spine; and a pygmy goat with deformed legs, named Sasha. Kotowicz hopes to adopt the goat, who now shares a comfy bed with several Chihuahuas. The vet opened up the animal rescue charity ADA Foundation when he was 17 and he’s using his organization to rescue the animals trapped in the war. He told SWNS that he hopes to purchase another ambulance and transform a pizza store as a hub for more rescued animals and as a warehouse for packing supplies. Despite many animals being hurt so badly, some had to be put down. However, several healthier and recovered animals will be re-homed across Europe. Two cats have been reunited with their Ukrainian parents. “All the cats are very stressed, the journey from Lviv is one day and we crossed the border with a diplomatic pass but the queue from Ukraine was very long,” the animal doc noted. He continued, “We are preparing the animals for an adoption process. Sometimes the animals which are in very poor condition will be with us for two or three months. Some people came here and were asking if we had their cat.” Vira is getting a wheelchair to help with her disability and the clinic has created a “dog village” for lost pups. The clinic will be used for rehoming the dogs, who will get used furniture to lay on. Nick Tadd, a British wildlife photographer, has raised about £60,000 ($79,144) for the clinic, after he left Guildford, Surrey, to help with animal rescue missions. British nationals are encouraged to take in Polish pets, in order to help make room for Ukrainian animals housed in rescue areas. Tadd, 55, also spoke of the situation to the outlet, saying: “The animals have got PTSD.” He has no plans to return to England at the moment, having left the U.K. earlier this month. “I’m just a helping hand really,” he added. “I don’t fear [the war], it isn’t sort of bravado. Volunteers from Ireland, Denmark, Canada and the U.S. have given their time to help out with the issue. If one would like to donate to the cause, they can visit here.