Newly-minted Big Apple Health Commissioner Ashwin Vasan says the city’s COVID vaccine mandates for public and private employees would likely be continued on an “indefinite” basis, keeping unvaccinated Nets superstar Kyrie Irving and Yankees slugger Aaron Judge, who is not believed to have gotten the shots unable to play in home games. The policy has come under fire — particularly from some New York City sports fans — because visiting players aren’t subjected to the Health Department’s regulations as they are not based inside the five boroughs. The Post recently ran a front page editorial calling for Mayor Eric Adams to ditch or revise the policy. Vasan offered the answer Friday when pressed by a reporter during a press conference on what the criteria would be for ending the policy. “I think it’s indefinite at this point,” he said. “People who have tried to predict what’s going to happen in the future for this pandemic have repeatedly found egg on their face and I’m not going to do that here today.” He also defended the policy as an essential protection against the pandemic. “Our mandates have been among the most important life-saving policies that we’ve put into place throughout this pandemic and it’s helped us build up a wall of immunity,” Vasan said at the Health Department’s offices in Long Island City during his first press briefing as the city’s top doctor. Data released by the Health Department earlier this month showed that New York City’s high rate of vaccination helped prevent 48,000 deaths and an estimated 330,000 hospitalizations. But critics of the policies say the city’s plummeting case numbers and relaxation of other coronavirus restrictions — like the vaccine passport program and masking requestions — mean it’s time to put the vaccine mandates back under the spotlight. The chief of the city’s public hospital system, Mitch Katz, dismissed those arguments as he sat next to Vasan at the briefing. “We have many mandates for vaccinations that are for disease that are very low, including polio and measles,” he said. “Nobody has suggested that we should — because polio levels are so low — we should say that school children shouldn’t be vaccinated for polio.”