This skeleton is out of the closet. The “Skeleton Brunch” is the newest TikTok trend that never existed. Despite tweets referencing “Skeleton Brunch” and global outlets attempting to explain the craze, there are no TikToks dedicated to the faux trend. Twitter users have been sharing pictures of skeletons seated around a table set with brunch bites, but a quick search of “Skeleton Brunch” on TikTok only leads to old videos of Halloween-themed brunches. In reality, it seems some on the internet have joined forces to make posers look ridiculous for pretending to be in the loop. An altered photo from @meowmeowmeuw shows an alleged Twitter DM from Rudy Giuliani asking someone to “Skeleton Brunch?” before responding “Wrong person. Ignore.” Another fake screenshot shared by @ProtonInspector appeared to show a People.com headline titled, “Julia Fox says Kanye West ‘wouldn’t let her go to skeleton brunch’ and that ‘just wasn’t going to work for her.” Some people seemed eager to jump on the funny-bone trend and expressed their excitement over hosting or attending their own “Skeleton Brunch.” “We’re totally onboard with this #SkeletonBrunch trend! In fact, we’re gonna bring him to any #MardiGras2022 parties we hit today!” @hauntedafpod shared. “Damn this week sucks, can’t wait for skeleton brunch this weekend,” @beeblebronx tweeted. Several Twitter users have even shared photos of skeletons seeming to enjoy a nice boozy brunch or sipping a cup of coffee. But while some internet users are ready to take part in their own version of the campy trend, others are still questioning the boneheaded nonsense. “I think we need to get #SkeletonBrunch trending until we get an answer,” @CountPatagium insisted. “What the f – – k is skeleton brunch I want it,” @zandsthaman tweeted. “Guys please what is skeleton brunch,” @kaleandcrawfish begged. “Why aren’t I getting the Skeleton Brunch tik toks? I want to attend the Skeleton Brunch? Did my invitation get lost in the mail?” @FriendlyFangs questioned. Some have even hinted at the supposed trend being “dangerous,” which has only added to the confusion. A tweet from @DoctorPenisBoob shared an altered photo showing fabricated article headlines — such as “What is ‘Skeleton Brunch’ and how to know if your teen is at risk” and “TikTok warns teens against dangerous ‘Skeleton Brunch’ craze” — as if they were from stories published in The Post, Insider and the Sun dating back to 2021. Some have attributed the fake trend to Twitter user @bear_wrongdoer who on Sunday tweeted, “*desperately trying to think of a viral meme voice I’m going skeleton brunch.” Their page has since been flooded with tweets and retweets mentioning “Skeleton Brunch,” including one where they commented “Jig is up” on an article titled “‘Skeleton Brunch’ Isn’t Real, But Maybe It Should Be.’ “Only thing better than people screaming ‘wtf is skeleton brunch’ is people who believe they know what skeleton brunch is about,” they tweeted on Tuesday. When someone asked what they were missing, @bear_wrongdoer gave up the bit, explaining, “It’s nothing, it’s not a real trend at all it’s just saying skeleton brunch.” But even if people aren’t actually enjoying brunch with a plastic skeleton, the influx of tweets and curiosity surrounding “Skeleton Brunch” could be considered a trend itself, no bones about it.