It’s a jam-packed Thursday sports slate, but which games on the betting board are attracting the most meaningful betting attention? The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Based on those five signals, two college basketball totals and one NHL side are satisfying a majority of the criterion. So before placing your wagers, here are those three bets to consider. Four signals are triggering the under between the Bulldogs and Razorbacks tonight, with the first being sharp action coming in on the under. Plus, the big money bets are coming in on the under as well. Overall, the under has received 26 percent of bets against 65 percent of the handle. Further, one Action Network PRO system – the “Neutral Court Unders” system, which targets high totals on neutral venues – satisfies tonight’s Gonzaga/Arkansas matchup. That particular system has a historical win rate of 55 percent and a five percent return on investment. Finally, one Action Network college basketball expert is backing the under tonight to round out the four factors hitting this matchup. Interestingly, sharp action has come in on the over for this regional semifinal, but three other factors are hitting the under. The big money bets are supporting the under between Arizona and Houston, with 54 percent of the bets and 99 percent of the money coming in on under 146.5. Plus, there’s an Action Network model projection edge for the under. Our power ratings make the total 143 points, so there’s a good amount of wiggle room based on the current number.  Finally, one of the Action Network’s top college basketball experts is supporting the under in this game, giving that side of the total three factors in its favor. Four factors are going in favor of the Senators tonight in Winnipeg. The Action Network has tracked sharp action coming in on the visiting Senators, who are also receiving the big money bets. In terms of moneyline wagers, the Sens have received 34 percent of bets but 64 percent of the money. Further, one Action Network PRO system – the “Tickets vs. Money NHL dogs,” which has a 46 percent win rate and six percent return on investment – triggers the Senators tonight. Finally, Action Network model projections suggest a discrepancy here as our modeling makes the Senators only a +152 underdog.