Sandra Bullock found “The Lost City” story years ago. Didn’t like it. Now she’s in it, so she likes it. Sandra: “I play a historical writer shut-in who prefers to eat cheese safe at home. No need to go for adventure since she writes about it. And she throws in sex because nobody buys history books. “Channing Tatum is the sexy cover model. Tatum understands physical comedy and is hilarious. I get kidnapped. He goes after me. Stuck in the jungle, you put oil and vinegar together and comes problems. “But next time I do a jungle story it has to come with a Porta-Potty. A onesie jumpsuit wearing heels in the jungle and no bathrooms? You have to not drink water and you have to pray.” Co-stars include Brad Pitt, Daniel Radcliffe, a Fabio stand-in. Find “The Lost City” in something else lost called a movie theater. —————————————————————————————— WILL Smith, maxi nominated for “King Richard,” won’t sit with whoever’s in a movie while they watch themselves watching themselves in the movie. Although the Williams sisters love this film, until they gave thumbs up he stayed away from a screening room. Will: “I made that mistake on ‘Ali.’ I sat right behind Muhammad and saw his every head move. It was torture. I kept thinking ‘Does he like that? Does he hate this?’ It was nerve wracking.” Richard Williams, the man he portrays in “King Richard,” somehow has the same attitude. He still has not seen the film. —————————————————————————— Everyone’s trying to help end the horror in Europe. Randi Weingarten, president of AFL-CIO’s American Federation of Teachers union, doing a Polish Teachers’ Union dinner. Raising $100,000 for refugee children . . . Former New Yorker Regine Traulsen did some Moroccan evening in Florida. Rudy Giuliani showed wearing a red fez. America is not weak. America — when Japan bombed Pearl Harbor — remained inspired. Our patriotism never diminished our optimism. Russia’s horror is a wake-up call. It’s saying: Embrace friends. Be wary of autocratic oppressors like Putin slaughtering innocents. It is not saying this is none of our business because that’s what America Firsters said about Hitler in the ’30s. ————————————————————————————– SCOTT Stringer was NYC comptroller, was Manhattan borough president, was an assemblyman, was 12 other things. So I asked: What’s a comptroller do. He said: Oversees NYC’s $100 billion budget, $200 billion pension fund and retirement security of 700,000 people. I asked what’s Manhattan boro president do. He said: Oversees land use, zoning, what gets built, navigates differences of opinion, expands universities to attract global talent. What’s a State Assembly member do? He said: Votes on criminal justice laws, state budget that impacts NYC, familiarizes the big issues of the day. And why did Scarlett Johansson stump for you for mayor? “When I was a young activist fighting for middle income housing, she was my co-conspirator’s granddaughter. This New York City kid who went to New York City schools never lost her perspective on what it’s like to be a New Yorker.” ———————————————————————————– NEPHEW to an uncle: “Stop already telling me about your bad luck. You’re so henpecked that you’re still taking orders from your first wife.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.