Let’s be real: achieving the perfect winged eyeliner is an on-going battle that even the most experienced makeup professionals struggle with. Whether your main issue is making both eyes symmetrical, accomplishing your desired thickness, dealing with dried up product or all the above, you can streamline the process with a quality eyeliner. For me, it’s the Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez Perfect Strokes Matte Liquid Liner. I’ve gone through my fair share of liquid eyeliners over the years, but after being introduced to this product, I never looked back. I snagged the Rare Beauty liner as soon as possible when Gomez launched her cosmetics brand in September 2020 and have found myself reaching for the sleek liner pen over and over again. If you’re anything like me, the thought of applying eyeliner is enough to make your palms sweat, but Selena Gomez has really given us winged liner lovers a blessing from above. What I enjoy the most about this eyeliner is the control it offers. The pen packaging allows you to hold the liner comfortably, unlike so many smaller competitors, and the smooth application this product provides is unmatched. This baby not only glides effortlessly along the lid, it’s also highly pigmented for the perfect jet-black matte finish — neither too light nor heavy. For best application, shake the pen to activate color pigments and apply light pressure for thin lines, or more pressure for thicker lines. The tip itself, made of more than 1,000 vegan bristles, is also pretty firm, which makes creating the point (or corner) of your wing easier to master. The best part? It lasts for hours on end. This liner is smudge-proof and waterproof, giving you that “just applied” look, all day long. It’s is also vegan and cruelty-free, and gentle enough for sensitive skin as it contains less than one percent of synthetic fragrances. Plus, it’s made without sulfates SLS and SLES, parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, triclosan and triclocarban — in other words, clean beauty. You can purchase the Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez Strokes Matte Liquid Liner for $19 exclusively at Sephora (online or in stores) or the brand’s official website. Whether you have a ton of experience with makeup (or do), this is a great option. This liner makes achieving your ideal winged look (dare I say it) easy, so if you’ve been struggling with this task, consider changing it up with our favorite pick. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.