Here are the key Thursday March Madness 2022 games to watch: The best day of the sports calendar has arrived, and what better way to start than watching whether Juwan Howard can keep his cool and coach Michigan to a win for the first time since Feb. 17 at Iowa? Howard was suspended for the final five regular-season games after being involved in a scuffle at Wisconsin, then blew a 17-point second-half lead to Indiana in the Big Ten Tournament first round. His team will have its hands full trying to stop Colorado State’s David Roddy, the Mountain West Conference Player of the Year. This is one of the trendier upset picks because Big East regular-season champ Providence relied on a number of close victories — resulting in the No. 1 luck rating in the KenPom.com analytics. The Jackrabbits of South Dakota State, meanwhile, haven’t lost in 2022, a perfect 21-0 since Dec. 15. Howard isn’t the only former NBA star now coaching — Penny Hardaway has Memphis in the field for the first time in his fourth season. After falling to 9-8 on Jan. 20, his Tigers went 12-2 the rest of the way. Don’t sleep on Boise State, however: The Broncos won the MWC regular season and tournament in a strong season for the league, which has four teams in the Dance. If you’re looking for a matchup of two teams on a roll, this is the one for you. Both are coming off conference tournament victories — Richmond stole a bid with its Atlantic 10 victory, while Iowa rolled to the Big Ten title. The Hawkeyes feature the nation’s fourth-leading scorer Keegan Murray, who stars for Fran McCaffrey’s scintillating offense. The day’s lone showdown of two major conference foes features Shaka Smart, in his first season coaching Marquette, against Hubert Davis, in his first season coaching North Carolina. Marquette will have its hands full with UNC big man Armando Bacot, who averages a double-double (16.5 ppg, 12.5 rpg). These two schools may be better known for famous alums — San Francisco’s Bill Russell and Murray State’s Ja Morant — but it’s also a matchup of two rising coaching stars. The Dons’ Todd Golden is just 36 years old, while the Racers’ Matt McMahon, 43, has Murray State dancing for the third time in the past four tournaments.