We have good news and “Bad” news. The good news is one of Michael Jackson’s former residences just hit the market. The bad news is it’s not Neverland Ranch. Listed for $9.5 million, 2785 S. Monte Cristo Way is where Jackson lived in Las Vegas for about a year starting in 2006. According to The Wall Street Journal, the King of Pop paid $50,000 a month in rent for the spacious pad. The 17,000-square-foot mansion sits on a one-acre corner lot in the exclusive Lakes neighborhood, just a 15-minute drive from the famous Strip. Less than two miles away there’s plenty of shopping including a Walmart, Petco and Nothing Bundt Cakes – proof Grammy-award-winning artists have to drive by strip malls, too. While the home isn’t in a guard-gated community, the property’s 10-foot walls kept out any smooth criminals, peeping toms and paparazzi. Listing agent Zar Zanganeh of The Agency told The Post the privacy and proximity to everything Vegas has to offer is why MJ picked it. He moved in, sight unseen. At the time he lived there, Jackson’s three kids were all under the age of 10. “Much of the furniture Michael and his children used came with the property when the current owners purchased it from us,” said Zanganeh. “It’s very special because I remember spending holidays and birthdays with Michael and his children at the property. The sellers plan on leaving much of it behind if the next buyer wants it.” The home is two stories with eight bedrooms – including a man-in-the-mirror-approved 2,500-square-foot master suite – and 7.5 bathrooms. The focal point of the grand entryway is an indoor fountain and a curved staircase. There’s also a spiral staircase leading to an orchestra loft overlooking an elegant ballroom that leans more toward Beethoven than “Billie Jean.” (That said, it’s the perfect place to practice one’s moonwalk for TikTok.) Outside, there’s a pool, spa, summer kitchen and tennis court. The current owners, Michael Jackson fans who say the fact he lived there influenced their decision to purchase it, paid $3.1 million for the property in 2010. They’re reportedly moving to California. No, not to Jackson’s former Peter Pan-approved playground in Santa Barbara County. After five years of prospective buyers saying “Beat It” to the controversial property and its $100 million asking price, Neverland Ranch finally sold for $22 million in 2020. Zanganeh says he’s expecting a lot of interest and he hopes someone who is a big fan moves in. “Or somebody who is a celebrity of the caliber Michael was, say someone like Lady Gaga.”