Speak your mind! Mercury. The cosmic messenger planet of communication, intellect and vision will become ignited in the zodiac sign of Aries from March 27 until April 10, 2022. Get ready to feel impulsive, passionate and be able to command attention in the weeks ahead! Read how your zodiac sign will be affected here! For more information on Mercury in Aries, check out the information after the horoscopes. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Prepare for your mind to ignite like fireworks, Aries! The pace of life will quicken to a feverish pace—but that’s just how you like it! As work, school and your personal life fill up your calendar, you’ll have the mental capacity to attack it all. You’re in a very special period where you will be able to brainstorm visionary ideas and plans and then command everyone around you to help make them happen. Use your voice and words to craft your reality. Get ready for your dream world to get extra intense, Taurus, as you’re practically downloading ideas from beyond the veil. Use this time to reflect deeply on what is most important to you and how you’ve communicated in the year before this. As you envision where you’d like to go, bust out a journal or vision board to start mapping it out. Spend some time in solitude meditating or getting creative—you’ll have great ideas pop up when you’re focusing on stillness. Fire up the ground chat, Gemini! You’re going to be everyone’s favorite meme-queen ATM! With so much social activity swarming you, it’s time to shake up the scene. As you step into this surge of popularity, be sure to reach out to all your favorite pals and set up some exhilarating events to attend. Want to use these good vibes to network professionally? You’ll be in luck with everyone eager to open your emails! Oh, and FYI, if you’re single and ready to mingle, online dating will be the cat’s meow now. Sound the alarm because you’re in the spotlight, Cancer! Get ready to see your public and professional status shoot through the roof! With your mind on your ambitions, you may have an excellent moment to launch a big initiative, garner favorable press or even pitch a big idea to an executive. A promotion or new contract may even pop up at this time, so use your voice, words and vision to exert your power now. You’re thinking outside of the box, Leo, and craving a fresh perspective! This fabulous and fiery energy will help you to open up your mind to vast new echelons of wisdom. On one hand, you could be focused on setting up travel or immersing yourself in new cultures, spiritualities or international business. On the other, you could instead be energized to go back to school or learn unique concepts that you can implement in your professional life. Can’t make a big shift just yet? Hit up a library, download a new podcast or watch a TED talk. Ooo, ooo, ooo, Virgo: your mind is bringing a laser focus to where you and a partner stand. While this intense energy could have you thinking about S-E-X or some feisty passion you’d like to act out with your boo, it could also be encouraging you to get something off your chest that you’ve been holding close to your heart. Speaking vulnerably will go well now, but it is crucial to assess where the two of you stand. In another realm, this vibration may focus your attention elsewhere: around your assets, investments or taxes, instead. Them + you = heart eyes, Libra! Partnership is on the top of your mind during this time. In fact, you’ll be able to very easily find agreement in business or love by speaking up now. Teamwork, cooperation and happy negotiations can also be spot lit by this energy. If you’re looking for the right partner, putting yourself out there and being direct about what you’re after will get you very far now. Yowza! You betta get to work, Scorpio! In fact, you’ll likely be so slammed with projects, responsibilities and employment matters that you’ll be juggling a million things at once. However, the best part about this is that you’ll have an excellent opportunity to reassess your work-life balance and streamline your time management. If you’ve been out of work for a while or not in the right job, use this feisty energy to apply everywhere. Your resume will be viewed seriously at this time. Let me hear you roar, Sagittarius! Prepare for your heart and passion to be ignited! Your mind will be deeply focused on romantic or creative matters. On one hand, you could see a surge of luck around dating—whether you’re fielding many new options via an app, chatting with a cutie constantly or gossiping with your friends. However, it’s not a time to sit in the shadows and mope if you haven’t found the one. In fact, you’ll have a winning persuasive touch at this time, so it’s crucial you put yourself out there! Get ready for your mind to be quite focused on home or domestic matters, Capricorn. This could brings news around moving, relocation or even important discussions with a roommate. If you’re involved with real estate, a fresh contract could cross your path. Yet, with this energy also highlighting your family, you could find that you’re deeply focused on catching up with your kindred or instead hashing out details about important upcoming plans. Step up to the microphone, Aquarius, you’re leaving the world with bated breath! It appears you have some mighty and important new ideas that are going to be broadcast into the world. This may mean you’re about to begin working on a big communications-related project, whether in the form of a writing, speaking, social media or branding endeavor. However, you’ll also be able to synthesize new ideas and learn quite well at this time, too, so if you’re in school get ready to astonish people with your work and feedback. Move financial planning up on your to-do list, Pisces. It’s time to check in with your budget and finances. Luckily, if you peer deeply into your income and expenses, you’ll likely find ways that you can be more efficient and cut out unnecessary drainage. Consider ways you can monetize even more. If you’re looking for a raise, now is a time to speak up, or if you’re in search of a new job, you’ll have the stars on your side if you apply now. Use your ideas to set the world on fire! Mercury, the planet of connection, the mind and business, will shimmy into the zodiac sign of the ram: Aries. Get ready for a surge of ideas, activity and speed in your day-to-day life! With Mercury in Aries, our minds move rapidly. People will be more impulsive in how they speak, connect and jump to conclusions. This fiery energy will ignite us and help us to feel more confident, courageous and boastful. Striking out as a leader, beginning new initiatives and commanding the world around us will become second nature. We will feel inspired to think big and look at the overall picture we’d like to create. Feeling like a dreamer? Oh, you will be! As Mercury parades through Aries, being assertive will be the key to success now, but because this is such an ego-driven zodiac sign, we may be more focused on our own ideas rather than listening to others. This can lead people into aggressive confrontations if we only care about ourselves over others. Aries is ruled by Mars, the planet of anger and war, which can overpower us and lead us into fiery confrontations where we use our words as a form of violence. The best ways to harness this energy are to be bold, direct and passionate. Persuading others to rally to your cause can happen more easily, but first it is important to understand how you’d like to launch your plans. Remain centered as you use your mind to initiate a whole new phase for yourself. Note that Aries is a Cardinal sign, which means that this will provide excellent fuel to really get moving on your goals. As long as you continually devote yourself to these newfound plans, you may see them fully come to fruition down the line. Enjoy this festive and fiery energy! Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.