TAMPA — Let the negotiations begin. Aaron Judge and the Yankees couldn’t come to terms on a new deal to avoid arbitration by Tuesday’s deadline, with Judge asking for $21 million and the Yankees offering $17 million, according to a source. The passing of Tuesday’s deadline doesn’t mean the sides will stop talking, with Judge a year away from becoming a first-time free agent. Negotiations on a one-year deal can continue, and as The Post’s Joel Sherman reported on Monday, the team is preparing to speak to Judge about a long-term extension in the next week. Judge made it clear last week that while he’s willing to talk about a contract with the Yankees now, once Opening Day rolls around on April 7, the right fielder won’t have any more discussions with the team until the season is over because he doesn’t want it to become a distraction. If an extension is not agreed to in the next two weeks and the sides go to a hearing, they run the risk of damaging the relationship, as the organization can try to point out flaws in the player to secure a lower salary. Still, if they don’t reach a long-term deal before Opening Day, the Yankees would still have an exclusive window to negotiate with Judge after the World Series before he’d hit the open market as a free agent for the first time. The last players the Yankees extended before free agency were Luis Severino and Aaron Hicks, and both have seen injuries derail their careers since. Judge is a different case. Among the reasons the Yankees avoided making a big splash in free agency this offseason — and watched an excellent class of free agents at shortstop, as well as first baseman Freddie Freeman, sign elsewhere — is because there was thought managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner didn’t want to add another huge contract because he preferred to pay Judge instead. Steinbrenner said last week Judge “is a very special player and a great Yankee. We will be having conversations in the weeks to come,” as the team preferred to deal with more pressing issues regarding the 2022 roster following the MLB lockout. While Judge and the Yankees didn’t settle on a one-year deal on Tuesday, the team did come to agreements with their other arbitration-eligible players. Joey Gallo got $10.275 million, Gleyber Torres $6.25 million, Jordan Montgomery $6 million, Isiah Kiner-Falefa $4.75 million and Wandy Peralta $2.15 million. Chad Green, Clay Holmes, Jonathan Loaisiga and Jameson Taillon also came to terms on one-year deals. Judge turns 30 next month and is coming off his best and healthiest season since his rookie year of 2017. He made $10.175 million in arbitration last season and was projected by some to get north of $17 million this year. By comparison, the Nationals and star outfielder Juan Soto agreed on a $17.1 million deal on Tuesday. “I’ve been vocal that I want to stay here in pinstripes,’’ Judge said earlier this spring. “If that happens, it happens. But if it comes to it that it doesn’t [happen], like I’ve said before, I’ve enjoyed my memories here and time with … my teammates.” Judge and his camp are no doubt looking at the deals signed by other premier outfielders in recent years, from Mookie Betts to Bryce Harper to Mike Trout — as well as teammate Giancarlo Stanton — who all signed free-agent contracts that last at least until they’re 37. But this past free-agent period, coming out of the lockout, was anything but predictable, with Carlos Correa signing a shorter deal — and with a different team than expected — while Trevor Story got six years from Boston. And as Freeman’s case proved, just because a situation seems ideal, two sides can break up, as the Braves did with their homegrown star when they barely touched base with Freeman before he went to the Dodgers.