Tell us you’re the new Commanders quarterback without telling us you’re the new Commanders quarterback. Carson Wentz showed up to his introductory press conference in Washington on Thursday wearing Commanders colors, and the internet had a field day with his “mustard and ketchup” look. One person tweeted, “Carson Wentz goes full HOF with the French’s mustard gold jacket.” Another added, “Everyone giving Carson Wentz a hard time about his wardrobe choice. I think it was a great choice. Every weiner should have mustard and ketchup.” Booger McFarland, a former NFL defensive tackle and current ESPN analyst, laughed at Wentz’s “mustard blazer and crimson shirt” during an appearance on SportsCenter, and called it an “aggressive” look. Wentz also modeled a Washington letterman jacket with the team’s new logo, which debuted last month, in a photo posted by the Commanders’ public relations Twitter account. At the podium, Wentz took responsibility for his “poor” play at the end of his only season in Indianapolis. He said he was “definitely surprised” by how things ended in with the Colts. The Colts lost their last two games of the regular season, to the Raiders and Jaguars, to miss the playoffs. “I think it was a year that had highs and lows, ups and downs,” he said. “But the way we finished, the way I finished, was horrible. It was horrible. It was tough to swallow.” The quarterback threw for 27 touchdowns and tied his career low in interceptions with seven in 2021. Wentz said he is “excited” to be back in the NFC East and wearing No. 11, which he said “feels like home.” The No. 2 overall pick by the Eagles in the 2016 NFL Draft, Wentz spent five seasons in Philadelphia, where he won a Super Bowl four years ago against the Patriots — though it was Nick Foles who filled in for an injured Wentz throughout the playoffs. Wentz was benched in 2020 when current Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts took over, then was traded to the Colts last March. The Colts traded Wentz to Washington last Wednesday, along with second- and seventh round picks in this year’s draft, in exchange for second- and third-round picks this year and a conditional third-round pick in 2023. Wentz touched down in D.C. on Wednesday, via the team’s private plane, and said he was “excited to get to work” and “come in and compete.” Washington was 7-10 last year and finished third in the NFC East.