To love, honor and allow to bang other women? Katy Bampton is opening up about her marriage to a popular porn star, saying it doesn’t bother her that her husband has sex with other women every single week. The 29-year-old Australian tied the knot to adult entertainer Robbie Oz last month following a three-month engagement. “I forget sometimes that this is our life and we live this way every day … and that I’m actually married to a porn star!” the newlywed exclaimed in an Instagram video shared by the account Hashtag Our Stories. However, it hasn’t always been smooth sailing for the kinky couple, with Bampton admitting she judged Oz’s X-rated career before their first date. “The first time I saw Rob was on Instagram. I judged him for being a sex worker. I saw his page and thought, ‘This is not something I’m interested in,'” the brunette revealed. “I was judging, because I thought, ‘Oh, he’s been with a lot of girls,’ and I didn’t want to put myself into that scenario.” However, Bampton says she soon realized that her own ego and “social conditioning” had clouded her initial judgment. “Meeting Rob and getting to know him really changed my perception,” she said. Oz shoots at least two scenes for work per week, but Bampton doesn’t get jealous of the women her husband is having sex with. Oz also spoke with Hashtag Our Stories and declared: “The sex that I have at work and the sex that I have at home are completely different.” The porn star says sex with his wife is “less about the physical and more about the energetic exchange.” The couple also focus on sensuality and intimacy, something that Oz doesn’t prioritize on his saucy sets. Meanwhile, Bampton also explained that she is “picky” about the women Oz has sex with, and makes him wear a condom “90% of the time.” Oz also has an STI check every two weeks to make sure he hasn’t contracted anything nasty from his steamy shoots. And while some might think being married to a porn star means things are constantly kinky, Bampton says they’re just an ordinary couple. The fitness instructor said the two enjoy cooking, working out and filming TikTok videos together. “People on social media think this is our lifestyle and we’re like this 24/7 and he’s constantly having sex with other people and we’re constantly in the swingers environment … but we’re really not,” Bampton declared. She added: “Rob is my rock, and our relationship is the most secure, beautiful thing ever, because we make it that way.”