Sunday night was quite the date night for Russell Wilson and wife Ciara. The longtime couple stepped out in Beverly Hills over the weekend, when they attended the 2022 Vanity Fair Oscar Party following the Academy Awards. Ciara, 36, stunned in a sexy cutout gown while the new Broncos quarterback, 33, opted for a black suit. Once the night came to a close, however, it seems the pair had a cozy after party of their own, as Wilson was seen in an Instagram video wrapping his arms around the “Level Up” singer’s waist while he kissed her cheek. “An after party with you is My Type a Party,” Ciara captioned the sultry clip on Monday night. In addition to Wilson and Ciara — who have been married since 2016 — Rams quarterback Matthew Stafford and wife Kelly also attended the Oscars bash, as well as Panthers running back Christian McCaffrey and girlfriend Olivia Culpo. Wilson and Ciara are wrapping up what’s been a whirlwind month for the Super Bowl-winning quarterback. In early March, Wilson was traded to the Broncos by the Seahawks after 10 seasons in Seattle. Ciara joined Wilson at his introductory press conference in Denver, along with daughter Sienna Princess, 4, and sons Win Harrison, 1, and 7-year-old Future Zahir, whom she shares with ex Future. “I came here for one reason, and that’s to win,” Wilson said in his opening remarks. “That’s what I believe in. So every day, what you’re going to get from me, is that mentality, you’re going to get that juice, going to get that energy, going to get that focus, we’re going to do it together… We’re here for one thing, and that’s to win. It’s to win at the highest level often. I’m excited about it, I’m excited about the journey, and Broncos Country, let’s ride.” Wilson is already getting to know his new teammates and worked out with the Broncos offense last week. The Seahawks, meanwhile, are apparently still on the hunt for a quarterback and have recently been linked to Baker Mayfield of the Browns. The former first-overall pick remains in Cleveland despite the team trading for controversial Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson.