Life is good for Russell Wilson. After Seattle traded the quarterback to Denver last Tuesday, Wilson celebrated by jetting off to St. Barts with his wife Ciara. The couple arrived in the Caribbean on Friday, according to the singer’s Instagram posts. Wilson and Ciara were photographed exploring St. Barts that day in a bright orange Mini Moke that Wilson drove. Ciara, meanwhile, snapped a photo in front of the vehicle and showed off her plunging white mini dress. They were later spotted walking around the celebrity-loved destination, which is known for its high-end restaurants and designer stores. Paulina Gretzky, who’s engaged to pro golfer Dustin Johnson, recently celebrated her bachelorette party in St. Barts. Wilson and Ciara enjoyed a lively dinner on Sunday, that featured flashing colored lights and people dancing on tables. The nine-time Pro Bowl quarterback and Grammy-winner crossed paths with legendary singer, Paul McCartney at the restaurant — and Ciara posted a photo of “the fellas” to her Instagram Story. Wilson and Ciara posed for photos together, and a cute boomerang video, in front of a lavish pool and palm trees before their night out. The couple appears to be without their daughter Sienna, 4, and son, Win, who turns 2 in July, as well as Ciara’s oldest son, Future Jr., 7. Wilson was officially traded to the Broncos, along with a fourth-round pick, last Tuesday, with the Seahawks receiving two first-round picks, two seconds and one fifth-rounder — as well as quarterback Drew Lock, tight end Noah Fant and defensive end Shelby Harris. The blockbuster wasn’t a shock to some Seattle fans after Wilson publicly expressed his frustrations about the Seahawks in early 2021. He explained at the time that he wanted to be more involved in the team’s decision-making. The Athletic reported last Wednesday that some of Wilson’s Seattle teammates felt as though the quarterback had “checked out” last season — which was among the factors that contributed to Wilson’s trade to Denver on Tuesday.