The creep who attempted to rape a pregnant woman in the Bronx over the summer was busted in Cincinnati and charged this week, cops said. The violent encounter happened Aug. 9 when Amara Doumbouya, 27, approached the 37-year-old victim – who was five-months pregnant – on Morris Avenue in Melrose around 2:30 a.m., authorities and prosecutors said. The victim was sitting alone on the front steps of her building when the suspect started making obscene remarks toward her, prosecutors said. When the victim got up to go into her apartment, Doumbouya grabbed her and pulled her shirt over her face – covering her nose and mouth – and wrapped her scarf around her neck until she couldn’t breathe, prosecutors said. Then he allegedly threw her to the ground and dragged her into the vestibule, pulled off her clothes, climbed on top of her and tried to kiss her. He punched and kicked the woman and used his body to cover her nose and mouth, “causing her to experience stupor,” prosecutors said. When a neighbor heard the victim screaming and came to her aid, the attacker — who was wearing an orange T-shirt emblazoned with a dark bunny design and the word “Lucky Charm” — fled, prosecutors and cops said. The neighbor then called 911. The victim was rushed to Lincoln Medical Center for bruising, swelling, soreness to her neck, back and abdomen, and cuts on her mouth, cops and prosecutors said. “The atrocious attack left her with bruises, lacerations and swelling,” Bronx DA Darcel D. Clark said in a statement. “Fortunately, the victim gave birth to a healthy baby months after the horrendous incident.” The suspect — who used to live in the Bronx but was “on the run” and landed in Cincinnati, according to prosecutors — was picked up in the Midwest city on Feb. 19, cops said. He was extradited to the Big Apple and indicted on charges of attempted rape in the first and third degrees, second- and third-degree burglary, first-degree sexual abuse, second-degree strangulation, criminal obstruction of breathing and third-degree assault, prosecutors said. Doumbouya was previously busted on Jan. 13, 2021, for allegedly slapping, choking and sexually assaulting a 53-year-old female acquaintance inside his then-apartment on Boston Road in the Bronx, cops said. He was charged with attempted rape, attempted unlawful imprisonment, attempted criminal obstruction of breathing and attempted assault, police said. The DA’s office said it declined to prosecute that case because the victim did not want to cooperate with a criminal prosecution. Before that, Doumbouya was busted on Nov. 17, 2020, for resisting arrest, obstruction of governmental administration, disorderly conduct and unlawful possession of marijuana, cops said.