A pair of psychics swindled an upstate New York woman out of $160,000 – promising to vanquish an evil “Jezebel” spirit within her and reunite her with an ex-boyfriend, new court papers allege. The lovelorn victim said beginning in October the mother-daughter clairvoyants, Honeybee Green and Megan Green, milked her for money by promising to kill the “unholy sexual spirit” that was living in her pelvic area because she was molested as an infant, according to the Manhattan Supreme court lawsuit filed Wednesday. Over the course of three months, the pair “took advantage” of the woman’s “heartbroken” and “depressed impressionable state” to enrich themselves, the suit alleges. The 27-year-old woman, whose name is being withheld because she is a sexual abuse victim, went to the East Village shop called Readings by Honeybee, on Oct. 28 seeking a tarot card reading after “a recent break-up and a desire to live a more holistic and positive life,” the court papers claim. Megan then convinced the woman to stay at the shop overnight for another $200 – on top of $50 for the tarot card reading – to perform an “overnight meditative reading” on her, the suit alleges. The next day, Megan and Honeybee met with the plaintiff telling her she was cursed with a “Jezebel Spirit” and that she would push away all of her future romances if she didn’t “kill” it, the filing claims. The ominous reading left the woman “fearful for her own mental and physical well-being” — and falling for the pair’s “charismatic graces,” the suit says. The allegedly phony fortune tellers began their healing services to purportedly vanquish the woman’s spirit — first charging her $2,700 on Nov. 9, then another $2,000 on Nov. 12 and $500 more on both Nov. 16 and 20, the filing claims. They then convinced her to fork over another $27,000 — because the woman was 27 — after informing her the “spirit was getting stronger,” the suit claims. For another $120,000, the duo said they would help the woman get back with her ex, the papers say. The money would be used toward spiritual materials, including a “‘gold Buddha of plaintiff’ to act as a ‘spiritual armor,'” the court documents allege. It wasn’t until Honeybee said she was going to melt $4,000-worth of Disney gift cards in a special potion – which she told the woman to buy to help her reclaim her childhood – that the plaintiff finally realized she’d been had, the suit claims. When the jig was up, the woman asked that all her money be returned — but Honeybee and Megan only offered to repay half of the $160,000, the suit claims. The gift cards were returned to the woman, the filings says. The plaintiff is suing for unspecified damages on fraud, deceptive practices and related claims. Honeybee and Megan didn’t immediately return a message left at the business.