A hardcore punk-rock guitarist-turned city councilman is demanding at least three hours of music and art be taught to grade-schoolers per week. Brooklyn punk-turned-pol Justin Brannan, a member of two world-touring bands and a former special assistant to the schools chancellor, introduced a resolution earlier this month calling on DOE to guarantee kindergarten- to fifth-graders are adequately educated in art and music. Brannan, 43, who learned to play guitar at McKinley Junior High School in Bay Ridge, said the “issue is personal” for him. “Music unlocked an endless amount of opportunities for me,” he told The Post Friday. “I traveled to over 60 countries playing music, and it wouldn’t have been possible without the guitar lessons I got in public school. “There is a staggering lack of music education programming in New York City,” he added. “We’ve gotta end the era of public school art and music being viewed as ‘extra’ instead of essential. All New York City kids deserve to have a high-quality art and music education.” The resolution cites studies showing music and art education is crucial in helping children develop better learning habits, communication skills and improves their confidence and self-control. It also notes that only 46% of city public elementary schools have a full-time certified music teacher, and only 43% have a full-time certified arts teacher. During the 2018-2019 school year, 10% of city schools serving grades 1 to 5 failed to provide music instruction, and 3% didn’t offer a visual arts course, says the resolution. Kimberly Olsen, executive director of NYC Arts in Education Roundtable, called Brannan’s legislation “an important step towards transforming our city’s schools by ensuring that equity and excellence in education starts with the arts.” Before Brannan switched to a career in city government more than a decade ago, he was a founding guitarist for two hardcore punk bands, Indecision and Most Precious Blood. He and some friends formed Indecision in 1993 while Brannan was attending Xaverian, a Catholic high school in Bay Ridge. By 2000, he and a few others formed Most Precious Blood, which cut albums through 2007.  The Brooklyn Democrat joined the Council in 2018. City officials could not immediately provide an estimate of what it would cost to deliver Brannan’s plan. However, DOE spokesperson Jenna Lyle said as the city “emerge[s] from the pandemic, the arts remain a critically important outlet of expression for our young people. “A rich foundation in the arts is essential in the education of our students, and we appreciate the Council Member’s focus on this important topic. We will look into this as we continue to prioritize arts instruction.”