After weeks of closed-door negotiations with the billionaire owners of the Buffalo Bills and Erie County officials, Gov. Kathy Hochul is sticking New York taxpayers with a record $850 million in subsidies for a new $1.4 billion football stadium. The scheme creates a new state entity, the Erie County Stadium Corp., that will lease the arena to the Bills while being on the hook for millions in yearly upkeep, maintenance and repairs. It’s a ridiculous giveaway to a wealthy and successful sports franchise that likely wasn’t going to leave the area. Hochul is kicking in $600 million from state coffers, while fiscally anemic Erie County will use $75 million from a current surplus and borrow $175 million to cover the rest of its share. Talk about kicking the football down the proverbial road. Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-LI), who’s challenging Hochul, decried the deal as “the biggest tax giveaway for an NFL team in the history of the League . . . for eight home games a year.” The $850 million deal surpasses the previous record subsidy for an NFL stadium, $750 million in public funding for the Las Vegas Raiders’ nearly $2 billion Allegiant Stadium. The gov’s office protests that the deal works out to about 61% in public financing, “well below other recent NFL stadium deals in comparable markets.” Even if true, that doesn’t make it right. Hochul also claims the project will create 10,000 union jobs and that the projected tax revenue and overall economic impact from the stadium will more than offset the taxpayers’ contribution. If economic development were that easy, New York wouldn’t be littered with the last governor’s AndyLand fiascos. While the open-air “multi-use” venue is being touted as a possible site for soccer matches, it will at most see eight NFL games a year over three decades. That comes to a subsidy of over $3.5 million per game (not counting interest). Hochul may well use her limited leverage over the Legislature to get the gift to her beloved hometown Bills into the state budget now being finalized. If she gets this but no criminal-justice fixes, she’ll go down in history as the temporary governor who saved the Bills but failed New York’s people.