Ukraine vs. Russia. Biden quaking vs. Putin killing. A military officer: “Hundreds of Russian troops, miles of tanks, to conquer a country of patriotic peace-loving Ukrainians? And for no purpose? We were trained that attempting to control a conquered nation is like swallowing a porcupine — particularly when the rest of the world loves the porcupine.” A churchgoing group in Moscow has contacted an equivalent churchgoing group here. They request prayerful thoughts. They beg to address aggression and war. They ask our prayers for peace. What is happening to us? Our world? We’re reporters, shoemakers, dressmakers, techies, stenos, bosses, some rich, some not, old, young, we’re just people. Generations ago, madman Hitler. Now, madman Putin. We’re taught God is in Heaven. Heaven is harmony. Religion preaches God loves us. So, how displeased is He now? There’s war, hate, death, disease. Innocent infants being bombed in Eastern Europe. Fragile seniors dying in nursing homes in America. Rocketing to outer space? How about Earth? Disaster. Is He angry with us? Is our world Sodom? Gomorrah? Armageddon? My longtime friend is leaving for Hungary. Her frail mother reports terrified immigrants crowding the border. Another Ukrainian friend’s parents live in a small town in its western section. E-mail still operates but fears are they’re being encircled. Experiencing Ukrainian pushback and the need to regain face, will this madman get tougher? God bless the United States of America. It got Hitler. It got Bin Laden. The world circles on. Not sure whether “diva” means you’re a bright light or a played out bulb, but Erik Maza, Town & Country’s executive style director, dissects divas in the March issue. He shows me sitting on my bed. The shot taken before I learned you could schmear Vaseline on the lens. Also, the Queen of England who’s wearing a crown, fur, diamond wrist watch over long gloves as if she has to check the time. For what? Be sure she’s not late? Like for her appointment to pay Prince Andrew’s lawyer? Austin Pendleton. In theater 60 years. Was tailor Motel in “Fiddler on the Roof,” in 1967’s “The Little Foxes” with Anne Bancroft, George C. Scott, grabbed a Tony nom 1981 for directing Elizabeth Taylor’s Broadway tryout “The Little Foxes,” wrote Joseph Gordon-Levitt’s theater debut play. Circle Rep director. Steppenwolf member 35 years. Done 50 films. Go see him April in B’way’s “The Minutes.” Athena Film Festival. It’s about female leadership, March 11-20. Like an underground service for abortions, like “Real Women Have Curves,” like about Australia’s former female prime minister, like a documentary premiere on Ida Lupino who was a movie star back when we wore garters, girdles and dirndls. Or, if crazed to dive into high quality, there’s “Sex/Life” Season 2. The thing’s heated with heatees Craig Bierko, Cleo Anthony, Darius Homayoun, Dylan Bruce, Wallis Day, Jonathan Sadowski, Li Jun Li. Guaranteed is it’s “steamier than ever.” It’s a triangle between a woman, her husband, her past, and her slightly used body. We’re talking inspired. We’re talking Netflix which is — oy — also inspired. Do not look for this on Catholic TV. Racetrack. Frantic guy approached a stranger laying cash on the No. 4 horse: Please. Can you lend me a c-note? I’m good for it. I’ll give you my watch to hold. Just that I’ve got no bread left and I haven’t eaten for two days. Stranger: How do I know you won’t take the money and gamble with it? The guy said: No way. Gambling money I’ve got!” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.