The Daily Wire, Ben Shapiro’s conservative-leaning media company, says it will invest $100 million in children’s content as part of a plan to create an alternative to the “woke” Walt Disney Company. “Americans are tired of giving their money to woke corporations who hate them,” said The Daily Wire co-CEO Jeremy Boreing. “They’re tired of giving their money to woke media companies who want to indoctrinate their children with radical race and gender theory.” “But they want to do more than just cancel them. They want alternatives.” Boreing added: “The Daily Wire is giving them those alternatives.” Boreing told Daily Wire staffers that the company will “invest a minimum of $100 million over the next three years into a line of live-action and animated children’s entertainment on its streaming platform.” Daily Wire subscribers will have access to the content beginning in the spring of next year, according to Boreing. Last week, Shapiro said his company intended to take on Disney and other large content distributors that were “being held hostage by the woke because they are cowards.” “If you want entertainment that’s going to cater to your children, we’re going to start making kids’ content over here at Daily Wire specifically,” Shapiro said on his podcast on Tuesday. “So you don’t have to be catered to by companies who hate your guts and cater to the people who despise your values.” Disney was at the center of a political firestorm in recent weeks over its executives’ muted response to the so-called “Don’t Say Gay” bill that was recently signed into law by Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis. The law, which prohibits teachers from discussing LGBTQ topics like sexual orientation or gender identity with students unless they’re in the fourth grade or higher, has been widely lambasted as homophobic and transphobic. Critics of the law say it could isolate young children with LGBTQ parents or the medical condition gender dysphoria, while supporters say it’s designed to protect kids and give parents the right to decide when such topics are appropriate to be discussed. Disney workers staged a walkout last week when the company initially refused to denounce the legislation, prompting the firm to issue a statement Monday saying the bill “should never have been signed into law.” “Our goal as a company is for this law to be repealed by the legislature or struck down in the courts, and we remain committed to supporting the national and state organizations working to achieve that,” read the statement, posted to the company’s corporate Twitter account. “We are dedicated to standing up for the rights and safety of LGBTQ+ members of the Disney family, as well as the LGBTQ+ community in Florida and across the country.” As Disney faced a backlash from activists, its subsidiary, Pixar, restored a same-sex kiss scene from the upcoming feature film “Lightyear.”