INDIANAPOLIS — As the line between offensive positions in football gets blurred, Evan Engram’s future might be getting clearer. Some teams are preparing to make free-agent pitches to the 6-foot-3, 240-pound Engram that include featuring him as a big-bodied slot receiver, sources informed of the tight-end market told The Post at the NFL combine. The hybrid strategy was theorized throughout Engram’s five seasons with the Giants but never truly enacted because he always was the top option at tight end and because he is determined to live up to the blocking aspects of the job. But Engram, 27, is reaching free agency at a time when he is one of nine tight ends in the top 100 players available, according to Pro Football Focus. It also is considered a deep draft class, with potential rookie starters found in the middle rounds. Standing out from the crowd is important. More and more offenses are moving away from position-defined players. If receiver Deebo Samuel can have 10 carries in a game, if tight end Travis Kelce can run or throw as a red-zone quarterback, if running back Alvin Kamara can line up at receiver, and if Cordarrelle Patterson can change positions from receiving to running back at age 30, then why not experiment further? One team with a Pro Bowl tight end under contract is among those strongly considering pursuing Engram in a non-traditional role, a source told The Post. But the Giants also remain in contact with their 2017 first-round pick, the source said, and have not completely given up on re-signing him in case his market does not fully materialize and he becomes available at the right price. Engram lined up in the slot or out wide on 61.4 percent of his snaps last season. Dolphins tight end (in name only) Mike Gesicki lined up in the slot or out wide on 85.1 percent of his snaps and now is projected for a four-year, $53 million contract by PFF. The Cowboys could jump in the mix for Engram if they decide not to franchise tag Dalton Schultz after NFL Network reported that Blake Jarwin will not be ready for the start of the season due to injury. A couple of AFC playoff teams also are expected to be in the bidding. Engram is said not to have closed his mind on returning to the Giants even though the fans turned against him after a history of too many drops in crucial situations.