The Go-Go’s bassist Kathy Valentine’s just-released memoir is packed with bombshells from the rocker’s time in the spotlight. In her book, titled “All I Ever Wanted: A Rock ‘n’ Roll Memoir,” the 63-year-old detailed her experiences as part of the popular all-girl band, her tough Texas childhood and partying with Rod Stewart. She also shockingly revealed that she did LSD and got pregnant as a pre-teen. Valentine wrote that while she and her group were revered by their male peers, music executives gave them the moniker “pop sweethearts” and refused to take them seriously. “If ‘pop sweethearts’ did acid at Graceland, threw up on the floor at fancy restaurants, cheated on their boyfriends, took nasty Polaroids, made out with girls, watched fringe porn, and stayed up all night writing songs and playing guitars, well, maybe their stupid label might fit,” she wrote in one passage. Valentine was born in Austin and was raised by a single mom. Drug dealers would often sleep over at her home, she claimed. “It was LSD named like crazy candy: Orange Sunshine, Windowpane, Clear Light,” she described of the drugs she took in her younger years. “We could pool our lunch money to buy a few hits.” When the musician was just 12 years old, she was found drunk in her neighbor’s garden, according to another anecdote from the book. That same year, she lost her virginity to the 14-year-old older brother of a friend — and subsequently became pregnant and had an abortion. Just two years later, at age 14, she was raped. Valentine also described the epiphanic, life-altering moment when she realized she loved music. In 1973, she went to visit her mom’s family in the UK. It was there she discovered “Top of the Pops” — a British music chart show — playing on television. She recalled watching “Can the Can” singer Suzi Quatro performing, and the “Devil Gate Drive” singer would go on to become Valentine’s inspiration. “I was 14 years old, and there she was: Suzi Quatro, a bass player fronting a rock band of guys,” said the “We Got the Beat” crooner. “Seeing her doing what I had seen only men do changed everything,” she continued. “From that moment, I had one goal: to be in a kickass band with a gang of like-minded girls and claim the life I wanted for myself.” She later moved to Los Angeles in 1978 to pursue music after learning how to play the guitar from one of her mother’s boyfriends. She joined the Go-Go’s in 1980, two years after the group had formed. The original band consisted of Belinda Carlisle, Charlotte Caffey, Jane Wiedlin, Gina Schock and bassist Margot Olavarria. However, after the group reportedly grew annoyed with Olavarria’s “punk” attitude, Valentine was brought in as a replacement. “Light Years” soloist Valentine left the band in 1985, and subsequently dealt with alcoholism as she fell onto hard times. Valentine has been sober for the last 33 years and has since reunited with the group several times, including for their current international tour.