Actor Ernest Borgnine’s wife and QVC beauty icon Rosa Borgnine has died at the age of 80. The shopping network pioneer passed away on Feb. 26 at her Chester County, Pa home. Her cause of death is unknown and her passing was confirmed by Michele Uram, president of her beauty company, Tova Beverly Hills. “With heavy hearts, we announce the peaceful passing of our Founder, Leader and Friend, Tova Borgnine on Saturday, Feb. 26, 2022,” a statement posted on the site March 7 read. “Our hearts and lives will forever be filled with your sparkle that adorns our outfits, your skincare that makes us look flawless and the Halo of scent that is our Signature,” the note continued. “Rest peacefully dearest Tova.” ”A Celebration of Life Memorial Service will be announced at a later date, we will have the service available via Live Stream so all may join,” it added. The statement also expressed that Tova’s family has partnered with two organizations that were close to her heart for fans to send donations. In memory of Tova, fans can send contributions to the United States Navy Memorial Fund and Cancer+Careers. Tova became a part of the QVC family in 1990 where she sold her beauty products and her perfume, Tova Signature, which launched in 1983. In addition to the fragrance, she later sold her jewelry collection and her business began to flourish, taking in close to $20 million a year. She married the “Wild Bunch” star in 1973 and stayed married until his death in 2012. Tova was Borgnine‘s fifth wife. Because both of their careers kept them distant at times, Tova published a memoir about her married life in 1997 entitled, “Being Married Happily Forever: 22 Secrets, 12 Strategies, and 8 Compromises.” Tova is survived by Cristofer Borgnine; a son, David Johnson; two stepdaughters, Sharon and Nancee Borgnine; as well as six grandchildren. She was born in 1941, in Oslo, Norway. Her mother worked for the U.S. Embassy while her father worked in the graphic arts. She moved to the US when she was 8-year-old, landing in NYC to study acting. She then married New Jersey businessman Louis Littleton in 1965. During their marriage, she opened up a makeup shop. They divorced in 1972. Tova told Leaders in 2010 about her passion for cosmetics, “I was more focused on becoming a world-class actress, but part of the coursework at the Actors Studio in New York was learning how to apply your characters through makeup, and I became more fascinated with how to create these different visuals. I was also very fortunate to study with some of the master makeup artists that have gone on to win Academy Awards.”