“We out here,” a Becky G adorned in big hoops and a sparkly lavender outfit told the New York Post about Treslúce Beauty. With less than a year on the market, the Latinx-owned Treslúce Beauty brand (which launched in June 2021) took over the ULTA Beauty scene. In addition to the original Treslúce product lineup, the bold brand is offering a few new shopping options. Shoppers can look forward to the newly launched spring-themed shadow palette, an expansion to the Ilusión Premium lash assortment and ULTA Beauty exclusive lip tint shades. Although, getting Treslúce to this point was anything but easy. “Launching a beauty brand in the middle of a global pandemic was one of the hardest things I’ve probably ever done in my entire career,” Becky said. “I get to do a lot of amazing, cool things but because it’s been so challenging and so rough [to start a business during this time]…it’s bigger than I think I’ve even had time to process.” Though Becky’s perseverance in the beauty space makes it well-deserved. Growing up, she was the little girl rummaging through her mother’s makeup bag. Just a few years later, she was in charge of her own hair, makeup and wardrobe while on the road and became the youngest Cover Girl at just 15-years-old. In response to her passion for beauty, Becky claims “the spark of anything can turn into a wildfire” and that she is “here for a reason.” “I am the founder and creator of my own beauty brand because I believe in myself,” Becky told The Post. “That’s my message to everyone who reads this. Hold space for yourself, be patient with yourself and have faith in yourself.” Due to Becky’s commitment to success, Treslúce Beauty is now available to shop at ulta.com and 351 ULTA Beauty stores starting March 13, 2022. “I feel so lucky to [have] this opportunity to give our exclusive familia an in-store experience,” said Becky. Shop the the new products, ULTA Beauty exclusives and our favorite classics below. If you’re looking for a fierce application of color, the Bold y Atrevida Liquid Lip Tint is for you. Curated with hyaluronic acid and glycerin, you lips will feel hydrated. Best of all, the shade is exclusive to ULTA Beauty. Another ULTA Beauty exclusive lip tint color is this Vino shade. It features the same hyaluronic acid and glycerin formula that made these lip tint babies a hit. You can also look forward to dewy, moisturized lips. This do-it-all palette is new to Treslúce Beauty and features a mix of 18 matte, shimmer and metallic shades. Each shade is infused with Mexican blue agave and is rich in pigment. La Flor de Mexico also comes with a removable mirror perfect for all of your beauty endeavors. There’s nothing worse than ruining your perfect winged liner. Thankfully, you can now use this ultra-fine tipped corrector to gently remove any mistakes in one sweep. Did we mention it also works on waterproof makeup? Never sacrifice your on-the-go makeup looks because of space. Instead, opt for this travel-friendly palette and lash set. You’ll receive six illuminating shades and a pair of 3D glam vegan lashes. Make a scene in this gorgeous, shimmery metallic liquid eye shadow. It’s waterproof, smudge-proof and high in pigment. Simply apply it like a liquid and watch it dry down to a powder. It’s lash o’clock, and you’ll be turning heads with these cruelty-free lashes. Treslúce also intentionally created these bad boys to compliment each eye shape with soft fibers. So go ahead and wear them up to 15 times with confidence. Go all the way with the Like An Artista brush set. Not only is each brush cruelty-free and made with professional quality, but the bristles are oh-so-soft. When we say you can blend like there’s no tomorrow, we mean it. According to Treslúce Beauty, it’s time to bounce. So indulge in this jelly-textured cream blush that can be used on both your cheeks and lips. Simply dab some on using your fingers or a brush for a flushed-from-within look. Like the brand itself, these liners are bold. Choose from 15 various shimmer and matte shades and unlock a smudge-resistant formula. So there’s no need to worry about smudged liner when Treslúce Intenso Liner is on your side. As the brand says, achieving a “novela-inspired bold wing has never been easier.” Simply whip that petite brush out for a quick and easy application. Plus, it’s waterproof, smudge-proof and vegan. If you like compliments, you’re going to love the I Am Shadow Palette. Each of the 18 matte and shimmer shades features an affirmative name. Because yes, you are fuerte, bella and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.