If you pay attention to the news, you know there has been a massive increase in robberies and violent crime across America over the last few years. Whether you live in a big city or small town, it’s always a good idea to protect your home. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to increase your family’s safety. Security cameras give you an extra set of eyes and help protect your home from would-be thieves, but with so many on the market, it can be difficult to decide which one to invest in. If you’re looking for a security camera packed with state-of-the-art technology that will truly keep you safe, look no further than the OLA Smart WiFi Security Camera. This innovative cam is ready to help safeguard your home, and right now you can buy one camera for $189.99 or purchase three for $399.99 for a limited time.  The OLA Smart WiFi Security Camera stands apart from its competitors thanks to its uncanny ability to  understand your surroundings. It’s equipped with body movement analysis that learns all about the people and patterns in your life, helping to protect you when someone or something is near that is unfamiliar. It also includes facial-recognition technology that can recognize familiar faces…. even regardless of facial visibility. Aside from learning the people around you, OLA has a native voice search function that lets you search specific events to get an answer and has a two way talk system that can help in an emergency. A two-way cry for help and talking security system lets you reach out if you need something, and there’s even a built-in child safety system with a cry alert in case your little ones need assistance. Those with elderly family members will appreciate the fall alert, which helps in the event of falls and dangerous activity. Alarm alerts and glass-break alerts are available to get the word out if there is an intruder present, and a package alert is also included to let you know about a drop-off or potential theft. Ensure your family stays safe with the OLA Smart WiFi Security Camera. Purchase one camera for $189.99 or purchase three for $399.99. Prices subject to change. 