A deadly tornado wiped out four members of the same family on Saturday – leaving a young boy without his dad, sister or toddler brother. The wild weather left a path of destruction in Winterset, Iowa, tearing through multiple homes. Father-of-three Mike Bolger, 37, perished in the storm along with his two-year-old son, Owen and his five-year-old daughter. It is not known whether the daughter’s name is spelled as Kenley or Kinlee. Mr Bolger’s oldest son, Brysen, survived but the children’s mom, Kuri, has suffered serious injuries. Kuri’s mom Melissa Bazley, 63, also died when the tornado passed through her home – but Melissa’s husband and adult son survived.Two neighbors also died, according to authorities. The Bolgers were visiting family from Blue Springs, Missouri. A GoFundMe has been set up to help pay for the family’s funeral expenses and hospital bills. “All funds will go directly to Kuri for hospital bills, ongoing expenses and provide proper celebrations of life for the family,” read the post on the GoFundMe. So far, over $134,000 has been raised for a goal of $150,000. Rodney Clark, 64 and Cecilia Lloyd, 72, also died when their homes were hit by the storm. Dramatic footage showed homes being ripped apart as the deadly tornado hit Madison County, southwest of Des Moines on Saturday. The storm was classified as an EF3 tornado with winds of 136-155 miles per hour leaving a 13.7 mile path of destruction, according to WHO-TV. “This is, I think, the worst anyone has seen in quite a long time,” said Diogenes Ayala, Madison County Emergency Management Director. Officials estimated 25-30 homes have been destroyed. In total, seven people have died as a result of the storm. There was significant damage reported south and east of Chariton and damage was also reported in Red Haw State Park. The county conservation building at Pin Oak Marsh was destroyed. The Iowa tornado missed the city of Winterset, with most of the damage occurring in rural areas, reports indicate. “Let people that are living there, let them clean up, give them some space. This is pretty devastating for our community,” Ayala said. “Give people time to heal. Keep our community in your prayers tonight.” Anyone looking to volunteer to assist with clean up in Winterset can call the Madison County Chamber of Commerce at (515) 462-1185. If you are aware of someone who is missing or who has not been accounted for, you can call Madison County officials at (515) 462-3575 extension 8. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.