Just when you thought it couldn’t get any worse, it does. The Biden administration is working on a plan that would make the world a far more dangerous place. It’s a plot with three steps, all terrible and each arguably worse than the previous one. Step One is the determination to make a new sweetheart nuclear deal with Iran. There is no good reason, only the fetish to undo everything Donald Trump did. He wisely scuttled the first bad deal, so President Biden is hellbent on making a new one, and is close to the finish line, meaning Iran could escape sanctions and its oil could hit the world market. Step Two in the budding disaster is that the White House is letting the butcher of Ukraine, Vladimir Putin, broker the talks between America and Iran. As I noted last week, on one hand, Putin is a war criminal raining death and destruction on millions of civilians, and on the other hand, we trust him to make an ironclad deal that blocks the mad mullahs from getting the ultimate weapons of mass destruction. Oh, and in consideration of Putin’s efforts for world peace, any construction work Russia does in Iran related to the nuke deal would be exempt from sanctions imposed over Ukraine. As Biden would say, no joke. If this sounds absolutely insane, get a load of Step Three. The Biden bots are actively considering, as a bonus to the mullahs, removing the terrorist designation of their main military group, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Recall that Trump droned the longtime commander of the Guards’ elite Quds Force, Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani, who was responsible for killing and maiming thousands of American soldiers in Iraq. Soleimani had spread terror in the region for decades, yet Biden said during the 2020 campaign he would not have ordered the hit. His objection is probably relevant to the fact that Iran added the demand about removing the terror label. They figured they were pushing on an open door with the appeaser in chief. For Biden, he’ll likely say yes to the demand for the same reason he wants a whole new deal in the first place: Trump. The former president put the terror designation on the Revolutionary Guards in 2019, a year before he eliminated Soleimani. Reports say all the group must do is pledge to make nice and stop killing Iran’s enemies across the Middle East and a separate agreement will lift the sanctions blocking its financing, travel, etc., as if it’s the Chamber of Commerce. The whole notion is so far off the charts that the Jewish News Syndicate reports that Israeli leaders, already unhappy about the prospect of any deal with Iran, initially refused to believe the White House would even consider giving a free pass to the Revolutionary Guards. Convinced the proposal is real, Prime Minister Naftali Bennett and Foreign Minister Yair Lapid issued a furious statement denouncing the group as “responsible for attacks on American civilians and American forces throughout the Middle East” and said it was “behind plans to assassinate senior American government officials.” Bennett and Lapid continued: “The IRGC were involved in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Syrian civilians; they destroyed Lebanon and they are brutally oppressing Iranian civilians. They kill Jews because they are Jews, Christians because they are Christians, and Muslims because they refuse to surrender to them.” Former American diplomats who have advised both Democrats and Republicans in the region agreed the idea stinks. Dennis Ross tweeted that the concept “makes us look naive” and, citing the group’s recent rocket attacks in Iraq that nearly struck an American consulate, added: “For the IRGC, which admitted this week to firing rockets into Erbil, to promise to de-escalate regionally is about as credible as Putin saying Russia would not invade Ukraine.” Ambassador Martin Indyk tweeted that removing the Guards from the terror list would be seen as a “betrayal” by many US allies who suffered from their brutal terrorism. Nonetheless, it looks as if Biden wants to give the terrorists a pass in exchange for a vague promise. The White House has said no decision has been reached, which probably means it has but officials won’t defend it publicly until the agreement is signed. There is one potential roadblock to all the madness, and that is the Senate. Because the entire package is new, Senate approval is required. Many people believe it should be considered a formal treaty, which would require two-thirds support. Instead, Democrats are likely to try to use an end run similar to the one they used in 2015 to get the first deal through. After a GOP-led filibuster effort failed, 58 to 42, the pact was deemed approved through what one critic called “brilliant political subterfuge.” That critic, Eric R. Mandel, director of the Middle East Political Information Network, writes in The Hill: “So, let’s recap: Forty-two senators were able to bind America to an agreement that should have required the votes of 66 senators for a treaty.” If the Senate lets anything like that happen again, it will prove that Biden’s love of extremely bad ideas is contagious. Crime-wise, New York was a tale of good and bad news last week. Mayor Adams’ first anti-gun units hit the streets and one team made a big bust two hours into its first tour. A Bronx 20-year-old said to be a gang member was charged with carrying an illegal 9mm pistol after being searched. Adams called suspect David Chevarria “the poster child of the failing system” because he previously was arrested three times for gun possession and attempted murder, yet was released on bail. It’s also good news that Gov. Hochul finally joined the fight against Albany’s criminal coddlers, saying she will demand big changes, including in the porous bail laws. One item would give judges more discretion, which is a no-brainer. The bad news came via NYPD statistics showing serious crime through March 13 was up 45% over last year. Remember, too, 2021 saw a dramatic increase over 2020, which saw a big jump over 2019. So in the third year of a crime wave, the cavalry is coming. Let’s hope it’s not too little, too late to save the city. Readers spot various meanings from the Times belatedly calling Hunter Biden’s e-mails authentic. Mark Williams writes, “The news here is that the Times is signaling they don’t want Biden to run in 2024.” Mary Maillis hopes to use the momentum to end the silencing of conservatives, writing: “The only way is to do what liberals do. Hold massive demonstrations outside Twitter and Facebook until they stop discriminating against conservatives.” And Thomas McFadden explains the Gray Lady’s switch this way: “It seems the science has changed!”