Braxton Berrios tried to avoid thinking about his impending free agency over the last few months. But over the past few days, that became impossible. Berrios could breathe a sigh of relief Monday afternoon when he and the Jets reached an agreement on a two-year, $12 million contract with $7 million guaranteed. Berrios officially signed the deal on Tuesday. “Obviously, the last few days it’s kind of been all I could think about,” Berrios said in a Zoom call with reporters on Tuesday. “I’m extremely happy that it’s here. I’m extremely happy that this whole process is over and I can get back to focusing on football, what I should be focusing on right now.” The wide receiver/kick returner had a breakout season in 2021. He was named first-team All-Pro as a returner after leading the league in kick return average. He also found a role on offense, clicking with rookie quarterback Zach Wilson. Berrios finished with 46 catches for 431 yards and four total touchdowns (two rushing) despite starting only one game. Berrios said he heard from Wilson shortly after he reached a deal. “He was one of the first people who reached out,” Berrios said. “He was happy. He was ecstatic. I was the same. We’re really looking forward to picking up where we left off at the end of last year.” Berrios said the plan is for Wilson to come to South Florida, where Berrios and other Jets live, to have some informal workouts in the coming weeks. The team’s official offseason program does not begin until next month. Berrios, 26, became a Jet in 2019 when the team claimed him off waivers from the Patriots. Three years later, he now has a multimillion-dollar contract. Berrios said he always wanted to stay with the Jets and told agent Drew Rosenhaus not to make money the only factor in free agency. “We had a lot of conversations over the last few months, obviously,” Berrios said. “Our last one was just that, I have a great rapport here. I have a great thing here with everybody in the building and on the field, as well. I told him I didn’t want to chase every penny. I wasn’t trying to auction off to the highest bidder at the end of the day. This was comfortable. This was a great destination for me. I was clear about that through this whole process to him and obviously to the media as well. I’m so happy that I’m here.”