A massive tornado ripped through New Orleans Tuesday night —  ravaging a neighborhood torn apart by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and killing at least one person in a neighboring parish. A large black funnel was visible in the Big Easy as a tornado tore across the Mississippi River through the city’s Lower 9th Ward and into its eastern suburbs, knocking down power lines and littering neighborhoods with debris just before 8 p.m. The destructive weather was spawned by the same system that caused a tornado outbreak in Texas on Monday. One person was killed in St. Bernard Parish during Tuesday night’s tornado and multiple others were injured after the twister swept through the area, officials said. A New Orleans man who drove away from the tornado returned to offer help to his neighbors but found the streets eerily quiet, and full of wreckage. “I see downed powerlines. A church is completely destroyed. Three businesses are completely destroyed. There are eight blocks of houses missing their roofs,” Reggie Ford said. In suburban Arabi, houses were destroyed and power poles were knocked down, forcing first responders to work in the dark amid the strong smell of natural gas. Arabi Elementary School was damaged from the storm and will be closed Wednesday, WGNO reported. “All of a sudden the lights started flickering,” town resident Michelle Malasovich said. “It just kept getting louder and louder … Our neighbor’s house is in the middle of the street right now.” Some 13,000 homes and businesses were without electricity in the aftermath of the disaster, New Orleans Mayor LaToya Cantrell tweeted, imploring “New Orleans residents to remain patient and vigilant.” Other tornadoes from the same system ripped through parts of Oklahoma and Texas, where a 73 year-old woman was killed in Grayson County, 60 miles north of Dallas. Approximately two dozen injuries were reported elsewhere in the Lone Star State. Twisters were seen all the way from the Austin suburbs to southern Oklahoma. JD Harkins, 59, saw two tornadoes pass by his Elgin home, outside the Texas capital. “There used to be a barn there,” Harkins said, pointing to an empty plot covered with scattered debris. “It was crystal clear, well defined,” Harkins said. “And then one went up and another one came down.” In Jacksboro, a tornado ripped the roof and wall from a high school gymnasium. “It brought tears to my eyes,” Jacksboro High School principal Starla Sanders told WFAA-TV in Dallas. Wild weather swept across the entire region Tuesday. Wildfires burned in western Texas as the state’s panhandle saw nine inches of snow. In Ridgeland, Mississippi, a possible tornado uprooted trees, but there were no reports of serious damage. The roofs of several homes were damaged in Toxey, Alabama. Earlier in the day high water posed a threat to Louisiana drivers. Deputies near Shreveport rescued three people from cars after the area was drenched by heavy rain. The storms were not unusual in the region for this time of year, and may have been exacerbated by the La Nina effect, an atmospheric and oceanic weather phenomenon that brings colder weather to the eastern Pacific Ocean. “There’s absolutely nothing out of the ordinary in terms of what we saw yesterday and we see today,” said Victor Gensini, a meteorology professor at Northern Illinois University, who studies severe storms. With AP wires