When it comes to quality coolers, YETI is a brand that is probably top of mind. And while the company is known for its premium coolers, they also make a wide variety of drinkware, pet accessories, gear and even luggage. Over the years, I have collected dozens of YETI items and although pretty much anything the brand makes is great, I wanted to share my list of the top 10 YETI products I wouldn’t be able to live without. Whether you’re wondering if the Rambler Tumbler really does keep beverages cold for hours on end or if you’re still on the fence on investing in a $300 cooler for your outdoor bar area — we’ve got covered. Ahead, find out all about our top YETI picks and what we like to use them best for. The Yeti Hopper BackFlip bag, cooler hybrid is ideal for those who are always on-the-go.  It can store up to 20 cans of beer and even has extra space for a sandwich or two. I prefer to use this for beach days, as it’s super easy to throw on your back while riding your bike to the ocean. Plus, it doubles as a great carry-on when vacationing. Once you reach your destination, take out your travel essentials and fill it with your favorite beverages to enjoy on any and all adventures. Whether you love to entertain or needed a cooler for your boat (or in my case, my dad’s) — you can’t go wrong with the YETI Tundra 65 Hard Cooler. It can hold 42 cans of beer and 52 pounds of ice (on it’s own). Thanks to the extra-thick walls, this baby can also hold up to three inches of insulation for unmatched temperature retention. While you may be a little flabbergasted by the price tag of this dog bowl, I can assure you that it’s worth it. Besides, if you consider yourself a dog mom or dad, you’re probably used to spoiling your fur babies, anyway. My family has two of these for our small dogs (inside and outdoors) and it keeps their water ice cold for hours on end. You can also customize it with their name(s). I love using this 20 oz. tumbler when I want to drink my morning coffee or tea on-the-go. It keeps all beverages as warm or cold at all-costs and for hours on end. Plus, it’s dishwasher safe which is always nice. There’s nothing worse than a leaky lunchbox and you can rest assure that YETI’s Daytrip Insulated option, will keep things mess-free. It’s the perfect size to carry on it’s own or even throw in my large work tote. If you’re already investing hundreds of dollars in a cooler, you might as well grab a branded Ice Pack or two, as well. The jumbo size is ideal for the larger coolers and great for beach or boat days when you’re spending hours in the sun. YETI’s can insulators are one of the cheapest items on this list but might be my favorite. Like most, I hate the feeling of holding a frigid can, but don’t like lukewarm beer even more. This can cooler, eliminates both of those issues and comes in multiple sizes and colors. For those who enjoy picnics at the park or beach, opt for Hopper BackFlip bag or something smaller like this Hopper Flip Soft Cooler. Pack up to 20 cans of beer in here and you’re ready for the day. Instead of paying $5 for a Starbucks coffee, I try my best to make my own from home. When I do, I always grab my YETI Rambler Tumbler (30 oz.) for iced coffee, since it holds the perfect amount of coffee and ice without going overboard. While this luxurious cooler, is highly unnecessary, if you like the finer things in life, like me, I can assure you won’t regret this purchase. I have never gotten so many compliments on an item in my life! Not only does it look beautiful but it works amazing, too. The YETI V Series Stainless Steel Hard Cooler fits up to 46 cans of beer and features insane insulation. After forgetting to take out any leftover beverages on a hot day last summer, my family and I was impressed to feel taste how cold our beer was after 48 hours. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.