Team Biden just set another record: 164,973 illegal migrants apprehended at the border last month, the highest February total in the Homeland Security Department’s history, up 63% from February 2021 and triple the February average for the Trump years. The month’s total was a 6.6% increase over January — and a 350% increase over February 2020, when Biden had just taken office. And Biden’s about to end the COVID restrictions that let the Border Patrol send many migrants back; officials expect an even larger surge once that happens. Meanwhile, the prez is slashing US Customs and Border Protection funds by $428 million, to $14.8 billion, in the omnibus bill that’s sending tens of billions in new spending on left-wing priorities. That’s right: Biden knows the surge is about to get even worse, yet he’s providing fewer resources to handle it. This, just weeks after bragging in this year’s State of the Union address about everything he’s done to secure the border. In short, everything he says about getting the crisis under control is just more Biden bulls–t. We’ve now seen 12 straight months of encounters over 150,000, and more than 2 million total on Biden’s watch — not to mention the estimated 500,000 illegal border-crossers who have avoided the Border Patrol and escaped into the country. Add in the migrants caught but covertly released into the interior: 62,573 in January alone (more than a third of those “encountered”), with Team Joe still secretly shuttling migrants across the country. Notably, an increasing share of the migrants (over a third) now aren’t even from the Southern Triangle countries that the Bidenites insist are the “root cause” of the surge. In fact, the exodus began after this president took over and started undoing everything his predecessor had done to discourage illegal migration. Word is spreading worldwide that you’ve got a great chance of making it in, so the surge will only grow. Sadly, say-one-thing, do-the-opposite isn’t just Biden’s approach to the border: It’s how he rolls on everything, from inflation and soaring energy prices to his “tough” foreign policy and handling COVID. His words are meaningless, while his actions range from hopeless to downright destructive.