This is dire news for guys who regularly enjoy adult entertainment. A new study has found frequent porn viewing can have disastrous effects on men’s sex lives — leaving them with low self-esteem, erectile dysfunction and an inability to satisfy their lovers. The study, published last month in the journal Psychological Medicine, surveyed more than 20,000 French-speaking adults over a period of two years to determine the findings. The academics initially distributed a questionnaire to the candidates, asking them about the frequency of their porn consumption, before measuring it against three key categories: sexual self-competence, sexual function and partner-reported sexual satisfaction. The candidates completed a second survey 12 months later, and a third questionnaire another year after that. The research found that the more kinky videos a man watched over time, the more likely he was to report poor levels of sexual function. Frequent porn viewers had more problems maintaining erections and reaching ejaculation. And, while they may love watching an X-rated romp, they reported lower levels of desire when it came time to have actual sex. This in turn affected the other two categories: sexual self-competence and partner-reported sexual satisfaction. The findings aren’t a surprise to Brad Salzman, founder of the New York Sexual Addiction Center, who told The Post he has treated many men whose sex lives have been destroyed by porn. “I’ve seen men who watch porn 8 to 10 hours a day,” Salzman stated. “It’s a second job.” The survey didn’t define what constituted “frequent” porn use, but Salzman says everyone is different. He told The Post that, for some men, even 15 minutes of porn per day could be enough to pose a problem between the sheets. In the past two decades, the therapist has seen a dramatic uptick in the number of patients with porn-induced erectile dysfunction, also known as PIED, including many men in their 20s and 30s. The youngsters have consumed so much kinky content on the internet that they’re unable to get it up while getting down with a real-life lover. Meanwhile, the Psychological Medicine study also surveyed thousands of women — and found the complete opposite when it comes to the fairer sex: The more frequently a woman watched porn, the more likely she was to experience an increase in sexual self-competence, functioning and satisfaction. Researchers were unable to conclusively explain the reasons for this unexpected find but theorized it was due to the fact that women generally prefer softcore porn. The study states that “porn can also be a source of threatening upward sexual comparisons, particularly for men. For instance, the frequency of porn use predicts penis size dissatisfaction among men.” It adds: “Men watch more hardcore/paraphilic porn and less softcore/mainstream porn than women . . . which may be associated with different sexual comparison processes and sexual outcomes.” Salzman told The Post that men often feel “inadequate” after repeated exposure to porn, which frequently features stars with large penises and gym-honed bodies. “They start thinking ‘What’s wrong with me? Why don’t I look like [that]? Who’d want to have sex with me when everyone in the video looks so different?’ ” Salzman said of his clients. And while most men may think porn may be OK in moderation, Salzman says it’s easy to become a frequent viewer and slip into addiction. The new research jibes with previous studies and commentary from experts. In 2020, a separate survey presented at the annual European Association of Urology Congress concluded that men who watch porn are more likely to suffer from erectile dysfunction. And, in 2014, a study found that more than 50 percent of porn-watchers reported losing interest in sex with their partner.