There are more than toys inhabiting this antiques shop. Since 1989, antique dealers Michael Canadas and David Robinson have stocked collectible dolls in their Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, museum. Then, in 2009, Robinson bought an old building in the neighboring city of Pacific Grove and set about restoring it to become the business’ new home, according to the company’s website. The renovation has since been completed. But it seems that at some point during the move-in, or perhaps well before it, some freeloading — and otherworldly — tenants have moved in. “I don’t know in the sense of spirits, but I think it’s a definite energy that doesn’t leave — they can have energy, and it’s the same energy that attracts you to an item or repels you,” Canadas said recently on an episode of the Discovery+ show “Ghost Adventures,” in which a four-man team of investigators travel to different haunted locations and attempt to “piece together the haunted history of each site.” In the most recent episode of the show’s new season, the team visits the Carmel Doll Shop only to find that it is, indeed, extremely haunted. For years, the doll-shop owners have been receiving complaints about construction sounds coming from a third-floor apartment in the building. In reality, the unit is vacant, Canadas explained to the team. Neighbors have also reported hearing noises from the shop late at night — after it’s closed. Upon entering the empty unit, the team reported they sensed an energy they were “unprepared for.” Then, during a nighttime exploration of the space, their ghost-finding equipment allegedly picked up multiple stick figure-like life forms. Eventually, the men claimed they were able to get a spirit with a female voice to speak with them, asking her, “Who are you?” but her answer was too muddled to understand. She kept speaking, however, and they were able to discern that she was saying, “Tell him to help.” “Who are you?” they asked again, to which she eerily responded, “I don’t know.” In the end, they determined the doll shop to be “very haunted” and full of “unexplained poltergeist activity.” However, “who and why [there] is such a dark energy that is affecting so many” in the upstairs apartment — and why the spirits appear to be asking for help — remains a mystery.