Over the past couple years, home gyms have taken over the health space. Perhaps your girlfriend opted for the new Echelon exercise bike. Maybe your uncle chose a classic treadmill or your friend went for the trendy rower. Either way, they brought the gym to themselves. If you rather an exercise bike, treadmill or rower, check out our various linked guides. But considering that you landed on this article, we have a feeling you’re looking for an elliptical machine. It’s easy to see why you’d be interested in buying your own. After all, they provide a great full-body, cardio workout and can be as elaborate or simple as you (and your wallet) decide. To help you find your ideal elliptical machine for your 2022 home gym, we rounded up our Amazon favorites below. Happy striding! You can’t go wrong with the highly rated Niceday elliptical machine. Being that it’s already 90% assembled, you can get riding in just 30 minutes of product arrival. Best of all, it’s hyper quiet, so you don’t have to worry about loud, disturbing noise. We love that this Schwinn Fitness elliptical features 22 preset workouts. You can even set a total of nine various profiles on the machine, so everyone in your home can take advantage of this next level elliptical. If you have a smaller space or are looking for a compact option, this is the elliptical for you. Even though it’s slim, it still brings incredible offerings such as full-motion arm exercisers, transportation wheels, non-slip foot pedals and more. Maybe you can’t leave your desk on a busy day. If that’s the case, opt for the Cubii seated elliptical. It makes incorporating fitness into your daily life a breeze and is easily portable. With bluetooth connectivity, users can set, track and monitor progress with the help of  app-based tracking tools like Explore the World, MyFitnessPal and more. Not to mention, the app-based scenes transport fitness gurus into a whole new realm. Another great under-the-desk option is the Sunny Health & Fitness elliptical. Featuring a portable design, it’s fully assembled, includes a floor stabilizer and was made with a space saving design in mind. Much smaller than most ellipticals is this Schwinn Fitness compact machine. Beyond the compact size, you can also look forward to a built-in media rack and water bottle holder. Break a sweat with this high-impact elliptical trainer. Featuring 24 unique workout modes, no workout will ever be quite the same. If you love a good studio class, you’ll be obsessed with the Exerputic 6000. With bluetooth tracking and on-demand studio classes, you get to tailor your workouts specifically to you and your preferences. An elliptical that also works your abs? Yes, please! The 30 inch stride also maintains a continuous motion without interruption. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.