The It girls are better off red. Tress trendsetters like catwalk queen Kendall Jenner, 26, and screen gems Zendaya, 25, and Sophie Turner, 26, are turning heads with crimson-colored locks. “Red hair is bold, different, and a redhead is typically the only redhead in the room,” Manhattan-based hair colorist Jenna Perry, 35, told The Post of the sizzling swing toward scarlet. “The red hair movement is pushing people to be adventurous,” added the mane mastermind, who’s responsible for red haute highlights rocked by Bella Hadid, 25; Dua Lipa, 26, and Jennifer Lawrence, 31. Perry is also a proud redhead herself. “Everyone has ‘gone blond,'” she continued. “But it takes someone bold and confident to ‘spice it up’ and try something different.” Perry and LA colorist Matt Rez collaborated to create Jenner’s new shade, which the supermodel debuted on the runway at Prada’s Milan fashion week show Thursday. The 5-foot-10, natural brunette of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” fame continued flaunting her fiery locks in Paris Tuesday, while palling around with sister Kourtney Kardashian’s exes Luka Sabbat, 24, and Younes Bendjima, 28, as well as “Euphoria” star Jacob Elordi, 24. Elordi’s “Euphoria” co-star, Zendaya, has also been living in the red zone. The Emmy Award winner elevated her auburn waves — a warm tint the actress adopted in December after deciding it was “time for a change” — with a glossy dab of honey to illuminate her look this week. Online fans have been gushing over the strawberry twist. “Zendaya’s red hair is just SO good,” said an admirer on Twitter. “I just need more red hair Zendaya, and I swear my problems will go away,” tweeted another. “Game of Thrones” star Turner got similar online praise when she ditched her icy-blonde strands late last year and went back to the cherry hue she rocked on the hit TV series. “Sophie Turner with her dark red hair is just something so personal to me,” praised a fan on Twitter. Perry says the maroon mane mania is here to stay. “A lot of people in my chair went red last year, but it is now becoming more popular in the mainstream,” she said. And the crimson craze isn’t just taking over the 20-somethings. Cynthia Nixon’s Miranda sent “Sex and the City” enthusiasts in a tizzy when the 55-year-old actress resurrected her signature red ringlets for the season finale of “And Just Like That” in February. “Red Miranda is back, nature is healing,” tweeted a show buff. It was a defining moment for the character who started out the season a natural gray (much to Charlotte’s disdain) and had a controversial story arc that had her leaving her husband for a divisive non-binary character. Such bold moves go hand in hand with the bold hair color, according to Perry. “[Redheads] are confident,” she said. “They aren’t afraid to be different and they know they’re sexy.”