Actress Louisa Jacobson is an up-and-comer in her own right, but that doesn’t stop her famous mama, Meryl Streep, from acting like a full-blown drama queen. “The Gilded Age” star — who plays the penniless blue-blood Marian Brook — discussed some of the three-time Oscar winner’s most annoying habits during a recent late-night appearance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!“ Host Jimmy Kimmel asked the 30-year-old if Streep, 72, irks the young starlet from time to time. “Of course,” Jacobson replied. She also divulged the cute nickname the “Don’t Look Up” star has for her youngest child: “Pickle!” Jacobson recalled a moment when her mom was worried about her. “Even today, she was like, ‘All right, Pickle, is the car coming for you?’ She’s like, ‘Do you have everything you need? Is someone coming to pick you up from the theater?’” Once she assured her mother that everything was fine, Jacobson explained, “She’s like, ‘OK, yeah, enough from me. Enough from me.’” After noting that Streep is “really sweet,” the Vassar College graduate revealed what really bugs her about the “Sophie’s Choice” icon. “This is a really embarrassing thing that she does,” Jacobson said. “If she starts to speak to someone who has an accent, she’ll just start doing the accent.” With a laugh, Kimmel responded, “And she’ll get an Oscar for it usually, right?” Streep scored the Oscar in 2012 for her accented role as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Jacobson, who uses her middle name to distinguish herself from her famous family, is also the daughter of sculptor Don Gummer, and sister of actresses Grace and Mamie Gummer and musician Henry Wolfe [Gummer]. Grace, 35, married singer Mark Ronson last summer. Mamie, who was previously hitched to actor Benjamin Walker, wed writer Mehar Sethi in 2019. Jacobson is just starting to dabble in the acting world, but she initially wasn’t interested in pursuing a career in the performing arts. She spoke to “Today” last month about her foray into Hollywood. “When I got to college, I was like, ‘I want to try something different.’ And I graduated and worked in advertising for two years in an office,” she said. Jacobson majored in psychology and minored in art history. “The Gilded Age” currently airs on HBO and was just renewed for a Season 2. The series is helmed by “Downton Abbey” creator Julian Fellowes and takes viewers back to the old money/new money social class warfare of 1880s New York.