It hasn’t been an easy few weeks for Trevor Noah. The comedian has been dealing with some beef lately from a certain A-list rap artist, and now he can add selling his Bel-Air home, which he bought less than a year ago, at major loss to the list. “The Daily Show” host dropped $27.5 million for the swanky 11,300-square-foot estate in December 2020. A year later, he put the Mark Rio-designed home up for sale, hoping to score $29.75 million. But two months on the market without any offers, Noah, 38, re-listed the home for the same price he got it for. It eventually sold on March 22 for $26.39 million — more than $1 million less than he paid. The buyer’s identity is unclear at this point — but whoever they are, they snagged a bit of a deal. Made up of six bedrooms, nine full bathrooms and a powder room — the home has been labeled a “masterpiece.” Pegged as a home with “museum-level design,” features include a gated motor court, a separate staff entrance and living areas flooded with natural light with easy outdoor-indoor flow, the previous listing stated. Outdoor amenities include a pavilion with an outdoor kitchen and an infinity pool. Indoor amenities include a security booth, a gym, a sauna, a screening room and a primary suite with dual baths and dressing rooms. There is also a separate guest apartment. Jonah Wilson with Hilton & Hyland repped the listing. Noah’s primary residence, meanwhile, is a $10 million penthouse in Manhattan’s Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood that he bought in 2017. The loss from the sale comes after Kanye West slammed Noah with a racial slur following remarks Noah made about West’s social media behavior against estranged wife Kim Kardashian. Specifically, Noah addressed the ongoing drama between West and Kardashian and her new boyfriend Pete Davidson on his Comedy Central show last Tuesday. At one point, he called West “belligerent.” “What [Kardashian is] going through is terrifying to watch, and it shines a spotlight on what so many women go through when they choose to leave,” Noah said on air. West, 44, mocked Noah with an Instagram post by using the offensive “k–n” slur to replace the original lyrics in “Kumbaya.” West was subsequently suspended from Instagram for 24 hours following the debacle and was banned from performing at the Grammys. Earlier this week, despite their rifts, Noah defended West, arguing that the rapper should not be plainly written off without some dialogue because of his recent online activity. “I said counsel Kanye not cancel Kanye,” Noah tweeted on Sunday.