A mom and standup comedian has gone viral for doing an impromptu set inside a Los Angeles movie theater when the projector broke down — after her daughter dared her to. Tiffany King, 42, a self-proclaimed “momic” and professional psychic medium, took center age and delivered the standup performance Wednesday at the AMC in Burbank during a screening of “The Lost City.” Twitter user @sorry_charley shared video of King’s set, quipping: “All hell broke loose.” The clip, which was edited into small soundbites, includes tidbits such as “all the moms in NorCal thought I was a stripper” and “I joined the all-Black gospel choir” (King is white). She also breaks out into song at one point. King told Buzzfeed News she wanted to make her 8-year-old daughter proud with her performance, which she said was a “victory against misogyny.” “Honestly, my kid dared me to go down there. I’m a single mom. I can’t get up there every night like a lot of comedians,” she said. “But my kid dared me, and I’m not gonna say no to my kid.” King also told the outlet in a text that she was “delivering info [to] the audience, almost like a Host. I have no shame.” However, not everyone enjoyed her show. The comedian admitted one woman loudly complained about her performance, saying “put us out of our misery.” But a couple of people in the front row encouraged her to ignore the hecklers — and when she received a round of applause, she decided to continue her set for about 15 minutes. She joked that theatres should hire her as a “warm-up comic” before movies. “I just need a little microphone and a speaker, and I would just go do it because I love comedy so much,” she told BuzzFeed News. “Listen, I didn’t kill it, but I’ve bombed harder than that before. Comedy is a muscle, you have to work at it, and that was a good workout for me,” she added. “I’m sure people were judging me, but that’s what the world does now, right? But I get it. People were there to see Channing Tatum. They weren’t there to see some chick in a tight dress tell jokes.” A few days earlier, King performed at the Laugh Factory in Long Beach, where she addressed her personal experiences with alleged abuse and misogyny, according to BuzzFeed.