This fur baby is a pure sugar baby with her ultra-expensive wardrobe. Coco is a 7-year-old Peekapoo (a Pekingese and poodle hybrid) and has a walk-in closet far more luxurious than most humans. The spoiled designer pooch has four wardrobes worth about $75,000 that consist of top luxury brands from Louis Vuitton to Valentino and Tiffany & Co. Her owner, Alina Michaels, 32, loves to shower her pampered doggo with much love and lavish goods — even throwing her a yearly birthday party topping $5,200 per bash. Coco’s fêtes have ranged from a mermaid-themed event to a carnival celebration. Her monthly treats, toys, clothes and other expenses cost about $520, which she shows off on Instagram for her 51,000 fans. Michaels works as an insurance adjuster, as well as a dog fairy godmother, and hails from Sydney, Australia. She lives with her pooch and husband Sarmen, 39. “Coco is my fur baby; she deserves the world. I’ve spent thousands at this point, but I just love dressing her in clothing items that I love,” Michaels told Caters News. Many of her family and friends are often bewildered by how much the two spend on Coco and think they’re “crazy.” However, the backlash doesn’t bother Michaels. She explained that Coco has more than 500 items in her closet, with articles such as dresses, jumpers, harnesses, necklaces and flower crowns. But of course, Coco needs her own car to get around. The dog has her own pink miniature Lamborghini worth over $300. Some of the pieces that Coco owns include a $410 Tiffany & Co. collar, a Versace bathrobe costing about $180 and a Gucci bowtie ($147!). Other items include Tiffany dog bowls ($215) and tutus ranging from $30 to $65 each. Michaels added, “Although I go overboard with my dog, from her parties to her wardrobe, I feel as though I spend no more than a parent would. I’d love to have kids down the road, but right now, I’ve got a bossy little fur baby that’s got me wrapped around her paw.” The Aussie native also loves to show off her pampered pooch on the ‘Gram, and Coco has become quite the social media sensation. “As she’s a bit of an Instagram star, she’s well known for her ‘Tutu Tuesday’ posts. She has about 100 or so of those in a range of colors like pink, blue, purple and oranges,” Michaels noted. “She looks fabulous in bright colors, but I love dressing her in pink things.” Michaels is also fond of matching her pupper and will order custom-made dresses for Coco, so they can sport coordinating outfits at events. As for Coco’s birthday parties, they take “a lot of planning,” and Michaels tries to “start saving from the year before with a theme in mind.” For her seventh birthday, Coco was celebrated with a girly pink ballerina-themed par-tay! The social event of the canine calendar had a professional ballerina dancing, a balloon twister who made poodle balloons for all of the dogs and a photo booth. Michaels went on, “I had personalized coconut water and a grazing table for the humans, as well as plenty of treats and dessert platters for the dogs.” The guests (both dogs and humans) came dressed in tutus and dresses that adhered to the theme and went home with pricey goodie bags. The party favors consisted of treats, protein powders, vouchers and toys from a company that sponsors Coco. “In my next lifetime, I’d love to come back as Coco,” Michaels said. “She lives the good life.”