After nine years, exes Tarek El Moussa and Christina Haack, vaguely announced they were ending their popular HGTV series “Flip or Flop” without giving viewers a real reason why. Now, there seems to be one. Haack, 38, initially said she was “filled with gratitude” to have filmed 10 seasons of the show, but didn’t mention her ex by name in a social media post. “Bittersweet news to announce, it’s the end of an era. Next week’s episode of Flip or Flop will be the SERIES finale,” Haack captioned an Instagram post on Thursday. Meanwhile, El Moussa, 40 — who shares 11-year-old Taylor and 6-year-old Braydon with Haack — announced his appreciation for the viewers who supported him over the years and teased a new project. “You watched me beat cancer, you’ve watched the babies grow up into the most amazing little humans, and everything in between,” he wrote in an Instagram post on Thursday. “But I’m not going anywhere and I can promise that you are going to love what comes next.” A source told The Post that following El Moussa’s marriage to “Selling Sunset” star, Heather El Moussa, staying on the show “complicated things.” “It’s not ideal to have two exes who share children working together so closely while thier significant others are just standing by,” the insider explained. El Moussa proposed to Heather in August 2020. The two tied the knot in October. They have been documenting their fertility journey on social media. Meanwhile, a separate source told People Magazine that the environment became “too intimate” between the two. “Tarek and Christina are generally cordial,” the insider claimed. “They’re co-parenting and nothing gets in the way of that. The show was just too intimate of a setting at this point and it was time to close that chapter.” Reps for Haack and El Moussa did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. The news comes less than one year after the former couple got into a blowout fight on the set of their house-flipping renovation show. Despite the end of the long-running show, the pair both have their own solo programs on the network: “Christina on the Coast” premiered in 2019 and “Flipping 101 with Tarek El Moussa” began airing in 2021. The former couple who wed in 2009, finalized their divorce in January 2018. It came one year after officially calling it quits in December 2016 after police were called to their home over an incident involving a gun and a 911 call. Haack welcomed a third child in 2019 with her second husband, Ant Anstead. That pair divorced in June 2021 after three years of marriage.