The “slap heard around the world” at Sunday’s Oscars ceremony involving Will Smith and Chris Rock onstage at the Dolby Theater has become meme-ified in a matter of mere hours. The 94th Academy Awards had a particularly viral moment where Smith — who won later that evening the Oscar for Best Actor — went up onstage and smacked the soul out of Rock after the latter made an ill-advised hair joke about the winner’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Just as Rock’s joke was being carried out to a shocked audience, Smith shouted at the presenter, “Keep my wife’s name out of your f–king mouth!” But alas, despite that act of savagery being played out for millions of viewers to watch on Sunday evening, the Twitter world had its fill of memes about the trending moment. Here are the best tweets and memes about the smackdown. A shot of Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman made headlines, showing her shocked face during a separate segment on the show. While the Aussie actress wasn’t exactly showing her “surprised Pikachu face” to Smith and Rock’s altercation during the live telecast, Twitter decided to use the photo to describe the fight despite her expression happening well before the showdown. Others were amused by the expression Lupita Nyong’o, who was sitting behind Smith, made during the fracas. “We are all Lupita,” one quipped. One user tweeted a cartoon pic of Batman shanking Robin across his face alongside a photo of the two embattled actors. “We can now replace the Batman meme with Will Smiths,” he wrote. Someone else added, “The Pursuit of Slappyness #Oscars.” The joke referenced the “Miami” singer’s 2008 film, “The Pursuit of Happiness.” “Will just Kanye’d the Oscars omg,” another simply stated. Kanye West infamously crashed Taylor Swift’s 2009 VMA speech and ran up onstage just like Smith did to Rock yesterday. Many memes in the Twitterverse shared a collage of the astounded Oscars audience members and stars from the 2017 Oscars — right when the drama “Greenbook” was announced for Best Picture instead of the real winner, “Moonlight.” One viewer posted the image and quipped, “All of us watching what just went down between Will, Chris and Jada: #Oscars.” Alongside the same image, a fan penned, “Everyone at the Oscars when Will Smith assaulted Chris Rock on national television #Oscars.” One person scribed, “I will pay up to $1 million in Kohl’s Cash for a leaked recording of the audio from the stage management team’s walkie-talkies.” Another viewer posted a photo of Smith’s character from “Men In Black” in his dark suit and memory eraser, quipping that following the Oscars drama, he would erase the minds of everyone who watched his snafu. One meme that was shared on social media showed a screenshot of the slap and in big green letters “Everybody Hates Chris,” directly referencing Rock’s old sitcom of the same name. Another screenshot from the show showed “Spider-Man: No Way Home” stars Andrew Garfield and Zendaya looking down at their phones, looking bored during the fight. “Andrew garfield and zendaya scrolling on twitter after will smith punch chris rock #Oscars,” the tweet read.