When hockey fans think of UMass, the name that usually comes to mind is Avalanche defenseman Cale Makar. And rightfully so. After becoming the first UMass player to win the Hobey Baker, the most prestigious award in college hockey, Makar memorably jumped right into Colorado’s lineup during the first round of the 2019 playoffs before going on to win the Calder Trophy in his first full NHL season. Makar is now up for the Norris Trophy, and leading all defensemen in scoring this season, in which the 23-year-old has already amassed 71 points. Anybody who has watched UMass’ transformation to one of college hockey’s powerhouses, however, will tell you that Bobby Trivigno has been at the center of it. The New York Rangers know it, too. “Everybody can talk about Cale Makar,” UMass head coach Greg Carvel told The Post in a recent phone interview. “But the guy who will, for me, go down in history for changing this program, is Bobby Trivigno. “He’s not the hockey player Cale Makar is, but what he did for four years here – two Hockey East Championships, a regular-season championship and a national championship – he is more responsible for the success of this program than any other player.” Trivigno, an undrafted forward hailing from Setauket, New York, has been on the Rangers’ radar for quite some time. He would’ve participated in the Rangers’ development camp this year if not for the NCAA’s rules that prohibit players from missing school for NHL events, but a source says the 5-foot-8 pesky competitor has already met with members of the front office on Broadway. If the stars align for Trivigno, there could be a contract with the team he grew up rooting for waiting for him at the end of his senior season early next month. Because he went undrafted, he is eligible to sign with any team when the season concludes. Madison Square Garden is already familiar territory for Trivigno, whose family had season tickets when he was younger. Trivigno said he even remembers watching current president and general manager Chris Drury during his playing days with the Blueshirts. Trivigno’s style of play checks all the boxes that Drury set out to add more of to the Rangers this past offseason, but his resume speaks for itself. A top-10 finalist for the Hobey Baker this year, Trivigno just led UMass to back-to-back Hockey East championships and was a two-time MVP of the tournament in the process. He was also recently named UMass’ student athlete of the winter season. Last year, UMass captured its first national championship in program history. It wouldn’t have been possible without Trivigno’s game-winning assist 14 ½ minutes into overtime of the semifinal game against Minnesota Duluth, which earned him the title of Most Outstanding Player of the Frozen Four and a spot on the All-Tournament team. “I think the success I’ve had here with our teams has definitely prepared me in some sort of way for the next level,” said Trivigno, who is UMass’ captain. “Whether that’s in playoffs or important games, big games. I think the only difference would probably be more fans in attendance.” Carvel, who has served as an NHL assistant coach for the Ducks and Senators, has watched a few of his UMass players become professionals. Aside from Makar, there’s the Sharks’ Mario Ferraro and John Leonard, and the Rangers’ Zac Jones. Carvel said he knows Trivigno is going to find a way to impact games at the next level. Despite his size, Trivigno is always the most conditioned, disciplined and hardest working player on the ice, according to Carvel. Not only will Trivigno’s consistency earn the trust of an NHL coach, Carvel said, but his speed and skating abilities should separate him from the pack as well. “His will really kind of makes up for that difference in size,” Carvel said. “Throw a puck in the corner with him and anybody at this level, I don’t care how big the other person is, he’ll come out with it more times than not. “We used to start almost every video session with him knocking somebody over twice his size.” When UMass reached the Frozen Four for the first time during Trivigno’s freshman season and Makar’s final year in 2018-19, the former was suspended for the championship game for an illegal check to the head in the semifinal matchup. UMass lost 3-0, but Carvel maintains that Trivigno may have made a significant difference. That proved to be likely when UMass cruised to a 5-0 victory in their second crack at the title. “Without him on this team this year, we’re an extremely different team,” Carvel said. “His single impact on this team is greater than any player that I’ve coached at this level.” Makar is known for his elite skills and having a hockey IQ beyond his years. Trivigno is known for his heart and game-changing impact that comes from within. The Avalanche have one UMass star. The Rangers could get the other.