Although there are limited betting options on Tuesday, some games are attracting meaningful attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified two NIT contests and one NBA matchup as receiving the most meaningful attention from bettors. Which matchups have hit a majority of those factors? Without further delay, here are the three contests triggering the above factors. St. Bonaventure arrives at this NIT quarterfinal contest as the underdog, but it satisfies four of the aforementioned factors. The Action Network has tracked sharp action coming in on the Bonnies in addition to some big money bets. The visitors have received only 20 percent of spread bets, but 86 percent of the overall handle.  Additionally, Action Network model projections make St. Bonaventure +1 against Virginia, giving a touch of value. Finally, one Action Network college basketball analyst is riding with St. Bonaventure tonight, the fourth and final signal informing the Bonnies tonight in Charlottesville. Vanderbilt opened as three-and-a-half point underdogs against Xavier, but The Action Network has tracked sharp action that has since seen the Commodores move to +2.5. Additionally, the visitors have seen a high percentage of big money bets. It has only seen 17 percent of spread bets tonight, but 90 percent of the money, the highest such money percentage among tonight’s NIT contests. Finally, one Action Network college basketball expert is backing the SEC representative in tonight’s matchup, triggering three signals overall for the underdogs. The Clippers are receiving three signals on tonight’s PRO report and are the only NBA side receiving more than one. The Action Network has tracked sharp action coming in on the Clippers, which is in the midst of a fight for playoff positioning in the West. Big money bets have also come in on the visitors, who have only received 43 percent of spread bets but 78 percent of the money. Finally, one Action Network PRO system has identified the Clippers as having good value tonight. The system — “Rested Road Teams,” which targets teams with a rest advantage over its hosts, has a 57 percent win rate and 10 percent return on investment.