It may have been an eerily familiar early-game collapse, but the Rangers rewrote the ending. The Rangers came out on the right side of a 5-4 overtime win against the lowly Sabres on Sunday night at the Garden, after K’Andre Miller’s goal just over two minutes into the extra period made up for their second blown early lead in the last three games. “They tried to obviously get one up quick and I got a stick on it luckily,” Miller said of what he saw on the game-winning play. “[Andrew Copp] was right there, kind of started the play, handed it over to [Alexis Lafreniere] and Laffy found me high for walking down Main Street.” Rangers coach Gerard Gallant highlighted how his team found a way to win, as it has time and again this season. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Plus, they managed to do it while playing with 11 forwards from the second period on after second-line center Ryan Strome sustained an undisclosed lower-body injury in the opening 20 minutes. After the game, Gallant said he didn’t think Strome’s injury was serious. The Rangers did watch another two-goal lead evaporate as quickly as it formed, which was reminiscent of their breakdown against the Devils on Tuesday. Sabres winger Rasmus Asplund buried one at the far post to cap off the first-period scoring before defenseman Will Butcher cut across the top of the circles to wire the puck past Rangers goalie Alexandar Georgiev, knotting the game 2-2 just over two minutes into the middle frame. The Bulgarian netminder, who finished with 13 saves, grew increasingly unsteady after that. And it led to Buffalo grabbing its first lead of the night at 6:48 of the second, when Sabres winger Kyle Okposo cut hard to the Rangers net and slid one past Georgiev. “It’s a mental thing,” Gallant said. “The same thing as in New Jersey. Everybody was ready to play, they felt good and then for whatever reason it [fell off]. It’s hard to turn it off and on and that’s what it looked like happened to us tonight.” Lafreniere finally responded for the Rangers at 11:46 of the second period. Extending his point streak to six games, Lafreniere took a feed from Filip Chytil while cutting to the net and pulled the puck around Sabres goalie Craig Andersson for his 15th goal of the season. The Rangers then regained the lead just under four minutes into the final frame, when Artemi Panarin put back a rebound on a Jacob Trouba shot to make it a 4-3 game. This was nothing new for the Sabres, who saw their previous four games go to overtime and/or a shootout. So when Rangers defenseman Patrik Nemeth took an ill-timed high-sticking penalty to send the visitors on their first power play of the game, Buffalo stayed in it behind Jeff Skinner’s score on the Sabres’ second shot of the third period to force overtime. The Rangers’ newcomers put forth another encouraging performance, particularly Frank Vatrano, who has fit in nicely on the top line with Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider. Scoring twice in the span of 18 seconds in the first period, Vatrano recorded the fastest two goals by a Ranger since Jaromir Jagr did it in the span of 15 seconds in 2005. “Got off to a great start tonight,” said Vatrano, who has six points in his first six games with the Rangers. “Good bounces going offensively for us. I think for us, it’s just using our speed and keeping the plays simple. “I think we’ve been doing that since we’ve been in a line. It’s only been a few games now, but I think every game we’re getting better and just build off this and keep going forward.”