Like supermodel Bella Hadid, Queens native Nicole Manziak has some rhinoplasty regret. In 1987 at age 15, the New Yorker decided to get her “man nose” fixed. She convinced her father to shell out $5,000 for the procedure. “I was made fun of in school. I was bullied,” Manziak, now 50, told The Post. “I wanted to be pretty like my friends, but my nose had a huge bump on it. It was wide – it just didn’t go with my face.” Her teenage goal was to achieve the nose-shape perfection of silver screen siren Demi Moore. But her post-surgery results weren’t quite on the nose. “My first procedure initially gave me a renewed sense of confidence, but that eventually faded five years later when my nose became crooked and started leaning to the left,” Manziak said. In 1992, at age 20, she went back to her doctor for a revision, but it resulted in an outgrowth of cartilage that left her nose looking “twisted” and slightly deformed. “It came out even worse,” she said. “Who knows what he did?” She finally achieved nose nirvana after her third and final procedure in 2015, but the once aspiring movie star wishes she never went under the knife. “As an adult, when I look back at the pictures of my nose [before getting my nose jobs], I do think it was big, but it wasn’t bad. It was interesting,” said Manziak, who works as an executive assistant in the banking industry but had aspirations to be an actor. “Ironically, I wonder if I kept [my original nose], could I have been cast in roles?” she said. “Maybe my career could have taken off. Maybe I could have been a character actress.” Her remorse echoes that of Hadid, 25, who, as the most recent cover girl of Vogue, openly bemoaned getting her nose done at 14. “I wish I had kept the nose of my ancestors,” the supermodel and daughter of Palestinian real estate tycoon Mohamed Hadid, 73, and Dutch-born model and ex-“Real Housewives of Beverley Hills” star Yolanda Hadid, 58, told the publication. “I think I would have grown into it.” The 5-foot-9 centerfold went on to shame critics who’ve accused her of undergoing full facial-reconstruction surgery over the years. “People think I fully f–ked with my face because of one picture of me as a teenager looking puffy,” spat Hadid. “I’m pretty sure you don’t look the same now as you did at 13, right?” Jennifer Grey, star of beloved film “Dirty Dancing,” also opted for an operation that permanently altered her once-distinctive nose — and left her filled filled with regret. “I went into the ­operating room a ­celebrity and came out anonymous,” Grey, now 61, has said of the procedure she had at age 27. “It was the nose job from hell. I’ll always be this once-famous actress nobody ­recognizes because of a nose job.” Buyer’s remorse is common for people who go under the knife in their formative years, according to Upper East Side plastic surgeon Maurice Khosh. “The biggest issue with cosmetic surgery at a young age is emotional [immaturity]. I don’t think a lot of people at that age are ready to undergo such a big change,” Khosh told The Post. Before he takes on a rhinoplasty patient under 21, he carefully consults with the young person and their parents to ensure they’re 100 percent certain they want to make the lasting physical change. “As a teen, you have so much self-doubt that, to you, everything looks awful. And [based on beauty standards] that you have in your head, you think you should look like [that ideal],” added Khosh, who performed Manziak’s final nose job. “But if a patient has this idealized sense of what their nose could look like, and it doesn’t fit their face, they’re going to be disappointed, even if the surgery went well,” he added. “For teens, it’s a matter of being emotionally ready.” Fashion blogger Lauryn Franschman thought she was mentally, emotionally and financially ready to get the nose of her dreams at age 19 in July 2020. The Torontonian worked for years to save up $8,000 for the procedure that she hoped would eliminate the small bump on the bridge of her beak. She longed for the button nose of pop star Madison Beer, 23. But, alas, Franschman’s rhino results didn’t hit the right note. “The biggest problem I had [post-op] was that I didn’t look like Madison Beer,” the now-21-year-old said. Franschman was so incensed by her seemingly subpar results that she blasted her doctor – a physician in Ontario, whom she chose not to name for privacy purposes – in a scathing TikTok video last May, virtually barking “I hate you” at the surgeon. Her anger aside, Franschman went back to that same specialist for an $800 revision to remove excess cartilage in September, and has since been thrilled with her new nose. “I think it’s a common issue for people to think that they’re going to get off of the surgery table and immediately be recruited as a Victoria’s Secret model. That’s so not the case,” she said. “It’s important to be realistic about the results,” she added. “And to make sure that you already love yourself, and that you’re just getting the nose job in order to boost your confidence, not to change who you are.”