MacKenzie Scott revealed Wednesday that she has donated nearly $3.9 billion to 465 nonprofits over the last nine months – a tally that included a record $275 million donation to Planned Parenthood. Scott, a 51-year-old author-turned-philanthropist and the ex-wife of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, detailed the reasoning behind her donations and provided a full list of recipients in a lengthy Medium post. The donations were divided among organizations active across numerous causes, including climate action, reproductive rights, youth outreach, support for military veterans and refugees. “Our team’s focus over these last nine months has included some new areas, but as always our aim has been to support the needs of underrepresented people from groups of all kinds. The cause of equity has no sides,” Scott wrote in the blog post. “Nor can it have a single solution. Equity can only be realized when all people involved have an opportunity to help shape it,” she added. Scott has a personal fortune estimated at $49.4 billion and received a 25% portion of Bezos’ stake in Amazon following their divorce in 2019. She has donated more than $8 billion in the last two years alone. Scott has also signed The Giving Pledge, joining other billionaires who have committed to giving away more than half of their personal fortunes during their lifetimes. Planned Parenthood Federation of America confirmed Scott’s donation in a separate press release, noting the $275 million sum was the largest contribution from a single donor in the organization’s history and was spread across its national office and 21 affiliates. “This funding will support our efforts to advance health equity by eliminating racial and structural barriers for our patients in the communities where Planned Parenthood works,” the organization’s CFO and President Alexis McGill Johnson said in a statement. One day earlier, Habitat for Humanity disclosed it had received a $436 million donation from Scott and her husband, Dan Jewett, with $25 million earmarked for its national office and the remaining money to be spread among affiliates. Other recipients of Scott’s donations over the last nine months include the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and its affiliates, FoodCorps, the National Council on Aging and the Climate Justice Resilience Fund. “When our giving team focuses on any system in which people are struggling, we don’t assume that we, or any other single group, can know how to fix it. We don’t advocate for particular policies or reforms,” Scott added. “Instead, we seek a portfolio of organizations that supports the ability of all people to participate in solutions.”