INDIANAPOLIS — They promised they would play with no fear. They didn’t. They said they’d pay no attention to the name on the front of their storied opponent’s jerseys. They didn’t. Saint Peter’s coach Shaheen Holloway spoke on the eve of Thursday night’s NCAA Tournament game against No. 2 seeded Kentucky about the importance of his players “surviving the first five to seven minutes’’ against the high-flying Wildcats, who entered the game as 18-point favorites. They did. Who knew that, in the end, it was Kentucky — not No. 15 seed Saint Peter’s — that had to survive, not the other way around? Saint Peter’s, which hadn’t been to the NCAA Tournament since 2011 and hadn’t won a tournament game in the school’s three previous appearances, boldly declared Jersey City in the house for March Madness 2022 with a scintillating 85-79 overtime win over Kentucky in an East Regional game at a Gainbridge Fieldhouse that was packed with a sea of blue-clad Wildcats fans. The performance by the Peacocks — who advanced to a Saturday Round of 32 game against Murray State, which beat San Francisco 92-87 in overtime — was as stirring as it was stunning. It was stunning, however, to everyone other than Saint Peter’s. “No disrespect to anyone — but we wasn’t coming down here to lose,’’ Holloway said. “We came to fight.’’ So they did: Saint Peter’s by TKO. Saint Peter’s became only the 10th No. 15 seed since 1985 to upset a No. 2 seed. Before Thursday night, No. 2 seeds were 135-9 against No. 15 seeds. Madness. When Holloway was asked afterward what March Madness means to him, he paused and said, “Tonight, right?’’ “You just have to be good on this night,’’ Holloway said. “It’s not about your record. It’s not about what school you at. It’s whoever is good on that night, and tonight, it was our night.’’ It was Daryl Banks III’s night. He was remarkable from the opening tip, scoring a career-high 27 points, but setting the pace with 16 in the first half. It was Doug Edert’s night. The Nutley, N.J., native came off the bench and scored 20 points for the Peacocks on 5 of 7 shooting, including a couple of daggers from the 3-point arc. Edert tied the game at 75-75 in OT with a 3-pointer. At the end of regulation, his runner in the paint tied the game at 71-71. Saint Peter’s trailed, 68-62, with 4:08 remaining in regulation — Kentucky’s largest lead of the game — and outscored the Wildcats 9-3 the rest of regulation. There were 25 lead changes and 15 ties, including 37-37 at the half. “We got good players,’’ Holloway said. “We have guys that really have a chip on their shoulder, guys that really believe they belong at big-time schools.’’ Before the game, Holloway joked that the collective chip on his players’ shoulders is so big they believe they should have been recruited by Kentucky. Kentucky coach John Calipari could have used a few good men off the Saint Peter’s roster. Other than the monster performance by big man Oscar Tshiebwe, who scored 30 points and had 16 rebounds, Kentucky was done in by poor shooting (Kellan Grady was 1-for-9 and TyTy Washington Jr. was 2-for-10). There’s nothing cooler in the NCAA Tournament than a small-time school playing big-time basketball. It’s the definition of March Madness. Until further notice, St. Peter’s is the star of March, wearing Cinderella’s slipper. “Every basketball player’s dream is to play in the NCAA Tournament and make a run in it,’’ Edert said. “Job is not finished,’’ Saint Peter’s big man KC Ndefo said. “With hard work and defense and the way we compete every night, the sky is the limit for us.’’ Before the game began, Calipari knew what he was up against. “I watched the tapes,’’ Calipari said. “Let me tell you, I was worried going into the game. I wasn’t showing anybody. I was whistling and skipping and dancing and we can’t wait. But I’m like, ‘Ooohh, they rebound.’ I mean, they rebounded with us (35 rebounds to Kentucky’s 36). “Let’s give them credit. They back-doored us to death and beat us on the bounce and made threes coming off screens. Shaheen has done a great job. I told him that prior to the game.’’ Survive the first five to seven minutes? At the five-minute mark, Saint Peter’s led Kentucky 8-7. At the seven-minute mark, Saint Peter’s led, 15-10. Intimidated? If anyone was intimidated it was the Kentucky players, who were undoubtedly wondering, “Who the hell are these guys?’’ “It was cool putting Jersey City on the map,’’ Banks said. Kentucky surely figured Saint Peter’s, with its tough Jersey City roots and Holloway as its coach, would show some fight to start the game. And Saint Peter’s did exactly that. It felt like the Wildcats were waiting for the Peacocks to eventually come off that early adrenaline high, wear down, realize who they were playing, notice the name on the front the Kentucky jerseys and go away. But they didn’t.