Sixteen teams have punched their tickets to the second round of the NCAA Tournament, with another 16 set to join today. Only one number one seed – Arizona – will feature across Friday’s slate, but three two-seeds (Duke, Villanova, and Auburn) will help round out a 16-game slate. But before the second day of action tips off, allow me to share my best bets across the whole day. Odds and lines are subject to movement but are reflective at the time of writing. The Ramblers, a tournament darling only a few years back, arrive with one of the most impressive mid-major resumes in the Big Dance. Entering the tournament, it owns a top-25 adjusted efficiency margin and the 18th-best adjusted defensive efficiency among tournament teams, per kenpom.com. While it can be reliant on the deep ball from time to time – Loyola attempts the seventh-most three-pointers among the field of 68 – it simultaneously owns the fifth-best effective field-goal percentage, per sports-reference.com. Furthermore, these two squads are heading in opposite directions entering Friday’s contest. The Ramblers have won three straight and four of their last five – an overtime loss in the only blemish in the last five – while Ohio State has dropped four of its last five games, including three losses against non-tournament teams. Defense has plagued this Buckeye side all season long as it owns the ninth-worst adjusted defensive efficiency among tournament teams and has allowed 70 or more points in six of its last seven games. The one positive with this Ohio State team? It’s capable of generating some offense. It ranks 10th in true shooting percentage among tournament teams and 13th in three-point field-goal percentage, so there’s a chance Ohio State gets hot and shoots its way to victory. But, I think Loyola is the more complete team and should advance in a close contest Friday. In Wednesday’s play-in game against Bryant, the Wright State defense looked downright awful. Even in victory, it allowed Bryant to score 82 points. Now it has to travel and face Arizona and its fourth-best adjusted offensive efficiency nationally on short rest. On the flip-side, Wright State owns the worst adjusted defensive efficiency in the tournament and didn’t play well in its one marquee game this season. In a non-conference matchup against then-number six Purdue, the Raiders allowed 96 points, including 51 in the opening frame.  Given Arizona likes to play a quick tempo – the Wildcats are fourth in pace rating entering the tournament – expect a number of easy shots for the South region top seed. Further, Arizona has shown itself to be capable of knocking down shots from deep. Even though it ranks 80th nationally in three-point field goal percentage, it’s only two percent worse than the 25th-ranked team. While there’s a worry here Arizona produces an insurmountable lead, I think this matchup is the most lopsided of the tournament and that head coach Tommy Lloyd’s offense should dominate.