A 24-year-old Wisconsin woman allegedly killed and dismembered her lover during a drug-fueled sex session — dumping his head and penis in a bucket and his legs in a crockpot. The brunette seductress, Taylor Schabusiness, then allegedly told police they were “going to have fun trying to find all of the organs,” WBAY reported. The mutilated victim in the ghastly crime Thursday was a 25-year-old Green Bay man whom investigators have not identified. On Tuesday, Schabusiness made her first appearance in Brown County Court via video conference on charges of first-degree intentional homicide, mutilating a corpse and third-degree sexual assault. Prosecutors said the sexual assault charge is for acts that took place after the man was dead, WBAY reported. Police were called to a home on Stony Brook Lane about 3:30 a.m. Feb. 23 by a resident who reported finding her son’s head in a bucket, according to the news outlet. She said she made the shocking discovery after being awakened by a door being slammed. Schabusiness, who investigators learned may have been the last person to be seen with the victim, was found at a home on Eastman Avenue with dried blood on her clothes, WBAY reported. During a search of her van, police found a crockpot with human remains, including legs, according to a criminal complaint cited by the outlet. At the mother’s house of horrors, they later found the head and “male organ” in the bucket, an upper torso in a storage tote, “body fluid” and knives. When asked about what happened, the suspect reportedly said, “That’s a good question.” She told police she and the man had been smoking meth before going to his mother’s house, where they had sex using chains, according to WBAY. Schabusiness said she had blacked out at one point, then went “crazy” and began choking her partner — insisting she did not mean to kill him but enjoyed choking him. She said “police were going to have fun trying to find all of the organs as she dismembered the body. Schabusiness stated all of the body parts should be in the basement,” according to the complaint. “Schabusiness stated she used knives that she obtained from the kitchen of the residence and that a bread knife worked the best because of the serrated blade,” the complaint continues. The woman said she “did get paranoid and lazy and that she thought it was the ‘dope’ that was making her paranoid,” the document adds. She also said she planned on taking all the body parts with her but “got lazy and only ended up putting the leg/foot in the van and she forgot the head,” according to the complaint. Schabusiness appeared calm and said very little during her court appearance Tuesday, only acknowledging she has the right to legal counsel, the outlet reported. The woman had recently been put on probation and was supposed to be wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet but apparently managed to remove it, WBAY reported. The reason for her probation was unclear. Assistant District Attorney Caleb Saunders called last week’s harrowing crime “one of the most serious offenses we’ve had in this county in some time.” “I think the facts alleged are extremely concerning and disturbing and go to the violent nature and grave nature of the offense,” he said. A court commissioner set a $2 million cash bond during the hearing, where she was ordered to make her next appearance in three weeks. With Post wires