Who run the world? Girls. Today, March 8, is International Women’s Day, and in our opinion, it’s one of the most exciting days of the calendar year. The global holiday celebrates the cultural, political and socioeconomic achievements of women around the world. This year, the IWD campaign theme is #BreakTheBias. “Whether deliberate or unconscious, bias makes it difficult for women to move ahead,” says the IWD official website and theme curator. “Knowing that bias exists isn’t enough. Action is needed to level the playing field.” Therefore, IWD isn’t just another day to post photos and tweets. Instead, it’s a call to action to raise awareness about women’s equality, accelerate gender parity, fundraise for female-focused charities and support women-owned businesses. Being the shopping experts that we are, we rounded up our favorite women-owned business to shop and support for International Women’s Day 2022 below. Click an option below to shop this piece by category, or continue scrolling to shop all brands. Happy International Women’s Day! Enjoy the sweet bliss of an effective and relaxing skincare routine. These top women-owned skincare brands are sure to make your spa time all the better. According to Coco Chanel, “A girl should be two things: Who and what she wants.” So make that a reality by painting your face your way. Girl, body care is self care, so enjoy these women-owned brands to lather, wash and clean the stress away. Fix your crown (and your hair) with the help of these highly rated haircare brands. Best of all, you’ll be supporting the strong women behind them. Taking care of your health and wellness is essential to becoming the best version of yourself. So don’t cut yourself short. Instead, provide yourself with all you need to succeed. Dress to impress but also feel confident in your own style choices. After all, fashion is a way to express your beautiful self. Iris Apfel said her mother “worshiped at the alter of accessory,” and we think she got it right. Discover your go-to details from the women-owned brands below. Whether you’re into bright pops of color or muted tones, make your home feel like a personal oasis. Bring on the cookies, cake and wine! Whether you’re preparing for a girls’ night or a date night, you’ll love the below queen-owned brands. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.