TAMPA — If the Yankees want to keep Aaron Judge in pinstripes for the rest of his career before he hits free agency, time is running out. While the two sides failed to come to terms Tuesday to avoid arbitration, Judge said Wednesday the idea of an extension did come up with the Yankees — although no numbers were discussed. Asked if he was optimistic a deal could be struck before Judge’s own deadline of Opening Day — when he said he doesn’t want to negotiate beyond — Judge said, “I’m optimistic, but it’s a short window. We’ll see what happens.’’ And if they wind up battling in arbitration, there’s no telling what might happen, as Judge learned when Dellin Betances went through a particularly ugly battle with the team in 2016. “I think both sides want to avoid getting into that situation, having to go into that room and have to fight each other a little bit and bring out the boxing gloves,’’ Judge said at Steinbrenner Field. “I’m prepared for it. I kind of learned back then when Dellin went through it, I talked to him about that process and got a heads up about how that works. And I think our team is prepared for it and ready for it.” The two sides filed numbers for 2022 on Tuesday, with Judge filing for $21 million and the Yankees countering with $17 million. And due to the length of the MLB lockout this offseason, arbitration hearings will be heard during the regular season. “I’m not too happy about an arbitration hearing being on a date… [when] we’re playing in a game at 7 [p.m.] and having to be in a courtroom at 10 a.m.’’ Before that happens, Judge remains open to the idea of keeping the lines of communication open. And both managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner and general manager Brian Cashman have praised Judge leading up to the negotiations, with Steinbrenner indicating the team would discuss an offer with Judge before Opening Day. “I was happy that when we talked [Tuesday] a little on the phone, they brought up the idea of talking about extension here soon,’’ Judge said. “I’m focused on doing my work here. Let’s get this arbitration stuff done and then move on to an extension.” Judge also made it clear he’s involved in the discussions, getting information throughout the day on Tuesday from his agent, Page Odle. If they don’t match up before Opening Day, the odds of Judge hitting the open market for the first time become significantly greater. Asked if he would look forward to that opportunity, Judge said: “If it comes to it, maybe. Like I’ve said before, I want to play here. I want to finish my career here. There’s no better place to play. I’m hoping we don’t get to that, but if we do I think I’ll be ready for it.”