Mayor Eric Adams issued a full-throated defense of a pair of NYPD officers Thursday, saying they shouldn’t be “demonized” — days after one of the cops’ statements about a teen rapper’s arrest were “wholly discredited” by a Bronx judge. Speaking at an unrelated press conference, Adams weighed in on the gun bust of Camrin Williams, whose scuffle with cops in January led to the shooting of Officer Kaseem Pennant. “I don’t believe those officers broke the law,” said Adams, who claimed cops searched Williams, a rapper known as “C Blu,” after recognizing him from a prior gun arrest. “We will never say breaking the law is a way of enforcing the law, but those officers that put their lives on the line to remove illegal guns off the street should not be demonized,” the mayor added. Hizzoner’s comments follow a ruling Tuesday by Bronx Supreme Court Justice Naita Semaj, who found cops’ narrative that Williams refused to take his hands out of his pockets during the Jan. 18 encounter — spurring the physical altercation in which the firearm went off — didn’t line up with evidence. Semaj said Pennant’s backup, Officer Taulant Gjonbalaj, had no reason to search the teen, who is seen on body-camera footage with his hands up during the encounter. “The court credits the testimony of Police Officer Pennant but finds Police Officer Gionbalaj to be largely incredible and unreliable,” the judge wrote in a Tuesday ruling. “Gjonbalaj testified that he thoroughly patted down [Williams] and did not feel any hard objects at any time, yet he still unzipped his coat and lifted his sweatshirt. “The video from Police Officer Pennant’s body camera clearly shows that the [Williams] was relatively calm and cooperative throughout the encounter. He did not attempt to reach for a weapon at any time, [Williams] hands were observed to be up and visible prior to the shooting.” The officers did not say they searched Williams because they recognized him from an earlier incident. The judge added in her scathing opinion that it wasn’t even clear Williams had caused the firearm to go off and ruled the case should be handled in family court. Still, Adams blamed the teen for packing heat in the first place. “That young man was shot because he had an illegal gun,” he said. “That’s why he was shot. That police officer was shot because that young man had an illegal gun for the second time.” Adams has used Williams’ case in his push for Albany lawmakers to revisit recent criminal justice reforms — after a Bronx judge set bond for the teen instead of keeping him in custody. After Williams was freed on bond, days after two NYPD cops were gunned down in Harlem, the mayor said “the current system is failing us.” Adams believes the law, aimed at reducing pre-trial detention, should include a dangerousness clause, allowing judges to detain people based on their perceived threat to the public. Police said at the time that Williams’ gun went off while he was wrestling with Pennant inside the Belmont building around 9:30 p.m. on Jan. 18. Cops charged the teen with attempted murder, which was reduced by prosecutors to assault and gun charges. The bullet pierced Williams’ groin before hitting Pennant in the right leg, cops said.