It might be awkward when their kids have a parent career day at school. A UK mom and dad cemented their spot in the amateur porn pantheon for documenting their realistic “sex sessions” — a salacious side hustle that reportedly nets them nearly $50,000 (£35,000) a month. The candid couple detailed their lusty lifestyle in an interview with UK television show “Real Fix,” South West News Service reported. “It never gets boring for us,” said Jess Miller, 33, who started making skin flicks with her husband, Mike, 34, four years ago. Now, the Southend-on-Sea residents rake in about $46,200 a month across Pornhub, Fansly and their OnlyFans page, which boasts a whopping 900,000 subscribers. The sexhibitionist soulmates chalk up their appeal in part to the fact that they’re actually married, which makes their sex tapes appear less produced and more natural. “We put a camera in the room and people can see what it’s really like when we have sex,” explained Jess, who is a part-time makeup artist, of their tactics. “I don’t really feel like we’re porn stars — as we’re just doing what we normally would but filming it.” The mother of two added that a lot of fans “say it’s nice to see real love,” while some gawkers even claim their vids have “saved their relationship.” Mike, a former personal trainer, summed it up like this: “I get to have sex with my wife every day and love life and get paid for it.” The Millers’ path to porn stardom began in 2012 after Jess met her future co-star at the gym where he worked at the time, SWNS reported. After hitting it off, the lovebirds tied the knot in 2017 and had a son, now 8. The pair are also raising Jess’ 12-year-old daughter from a previous relationship. Mike said they decided to go into porn since they “were struggling to have quality time together because we were stressed with our businesses. “I thought this might be a great side hustle for us,” added Mike, and the two posted their first video to the online pleasure purveyor in 2018. Along with their aforementioned porn platforms, the couple has a website where gawkers can access all their sites, and even send special requests. “We’ve made £150 [$197] just for a video of us tickling each other,” said Jess, who frequently posts steamy snaps for the couple’s 131,000 followers on Instagram. “I’ve had someone ask me to dress up as Elsa and play the ‘Frozen’ song in the background,” she recalled. “I said no to that one.” The porn paramours recently upped their game and introduced a third member to their candid carnal congregations — a move they teased on various platforms. “FIRST EVER THREESOME VID COMING THIS WEEK!!” the Millers wrote on OnlyFans. “Come and get naughty with us you won’t regret it!!!” Jess admitted that the change “was nerve-wracking, but we see it as work and we’re all professional.” While the Millers initially kept their side gig a secret, it reportedly only took about a month for some friends to find out; they decided to come clean to their family in 2020. Jess said their coming-out party went surprisingly well. “So, I told my mum from there and she was really chilled about it,” she claimed. “All our families care about is that we are happily married and that we love each other.” Surprisingly, the Millers received a similar reaction when spilling the beans to their kids. “Our eldest knows pretty much everything,” explained Jess. “I ask him what he thinks and he just says: ‘It’s none of my business.’ “One is too young to fully know what we do, our eldest was very mature and said as long as we are happy and love them, then it’s not a problem at all,” she added. The adult entertainers say that they do “receive nasty comments online” but it doesn’t faze them. Ultimately, the skin merchants assert that their porn career has made them closer. “Our bond is stronger than it’s ever been,” Jess said. “We’re happy and our kids are happy so that’s all that matters.” The Millers aren’t the first lovebirds to enter the adult entertainment industry. In June, a disgraced Australian police officer who was infamously busted snorting coke off a Playboy model’s nude body embarked on a porn career with the same woman.