The search for Madonna is on. A biopic based on the Queen of Pop’s life is currently in pre-pre-production, with a slew of young stars reportedly gunning for the coveted role. The women at the top of the shortlist include “Inventing Anna” star Julia Garner, “Black Widow” star Florence Pugh, “Euphoria” breakout Alexa Demie, indie queen Odessa Young, singers Bebe Rexha and Sky Ferreira and “Mayor of Kingstown” actress  Emma Laird, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Sources told the publication that contenders must endure a “grueling” audition process with casting director Carmen Cuba as well as a “Madonna boot camp,” intense choreography training sessions lasting up to 11 hours a day with Madonna’s choreographer and the pop icon herself. For the callback portion of the process, the actresses must do readings with Madonna, 63, as well as singing auditions. “You have to be able to do everything,” another insider divulged. According to sources, the flick will feature the “Material Girl” singer’s 1990 Blonde Ambition tour but could be cut since the script is still being written. Madonna appeared on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” last October and explained why she has decided to create a feature about her illustrious career. “The reason I’m doing it is because a bunch of people have tried to write movies about me, but they’re always men,” she noted. A rumored film about the superstar was reportedly titled “Blonde Ambition” with Brett Ratner’s RatPac and Michael De Luca attached to produce it for Universal in 2016. Madonna announced in 2020 that she would be directing the biopic and cowriting it with “Juno” screenwriter Diablo Cody. However, the Oscar winner has left the penning the project and Erin Cressida Wilson has now come on board. She described the movie on her Instagram Live at the time, saying “It is my struggle as an artist … Trying to survive in a man’s world as a woman. And really just the journey, which has been happy, sad, mad, crazy, good, bad and ugly.” The mother of six previously directed and co-wrote the 2011 drama “W.E” which chronicled the life of Wallis Simpson and her marriage to King Edward VIII.