A young model forced to have both her legs amputated due to COVID-19 complications has been released from the hospital just in time for her 21st birthday. Claire Bridges finally returned to her family home last Wednesday after spending two months at a medical facility in Tampa, Florida. Bridges, who was born with a congenital heart condition, tested positive for COVID-19 in early January. Despite being fully vaccinated, the brunette suffered serious symptoms from the virus and was admitted to the hospital on January 16. On admission, the youngster was diagnosed with COVID-19 myocarditis, cyanotic, acidosis, rhabdomyolysis and mild pneumonia. Blood flow was restricted to her legs and the damage was serious enough that doctors decided they had no choice but to amputate. Bridges subsequently spent weeks recovering from both COVID and the double amputation. The brunette has documented her progress on her popular Instagram page, sharing a photo last week just before she was released from the hospital showing herself sitting up in a bed surrounded by her carers. “I sat up by myself today!! So stoked!” she captioned the post. Followers have been floored by her resilience, with one admirer writing beneath the snap: “I don’t know you but I have been rooting for you and checking in on your socials for weeks!! You are freaking amazing!! And SO stunning even while in the hospital. Your smile is radiant. Keep going.” Meanwhile, Bridges’ father, Wayne, told Newsweek he was thrilled that his daughter was able to be home in time for her 21st birthday last weekend. “She is very happy to be home around family and friends. We had a cookout for her on Saturday, which was her birthday,” he stated. “It’s been mentally, emotionally taxing but we’re hopeful now. She is still facing more challenges but we are focused on today having her home,” he added. “She’s having ongoing rehab with physical and occupational therapy, and healing of her legs to start getting ready for prosthetics.” It’s unclear whether Bridges plans to pursue modeling once she learns to walk with her prosthetic legs. Her Instagram account is full of both test shoots and professional photos, with the beauty seemingly on the brink of a big career prior to her COVID diagnosis. However, Bridges’ father says the fighting spirit his daughter has displayed in the past two months means anything is possible. “I am so proud of you and inspired by you,” he wrote in a recent Facebook post. “You have overcome more in two months than any of us could imagine in a lifetime. You will be climbing again before you know it.” A GoFundMe campaign to help with Bridges’ medical care has so far reached nearly $40,000 of its $100,000 target