Preview in new tab “The Batman” cometh! As one of the most anticipated films to release in 2022, the DC Comics movie will be soaring into theaters on Friday, March 4. With decades of previous adaptations in film and television, many actors have donned the cape and cowl — most recently portrayed by Ben Affleck, Michael Keaton and Christian Bale. In the latest installment, set against a red-tinted Gotham, Robert Pattinson, 35, steps into the iconic role, while Zoë Kravitz, 33, plays his mirror as the sexy and mysterious Catwoman. Branded as a neo-noir thriller, the film follows Batman as he struggles with the trauma of his parents’ deaths and the decision to embark upon a path to become the world’s greatest detective. Inspired by Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale’s legendary comic, “The Long Halloween,” the film brings fan-favorites to the screen including Paul Dano as the Riddler, John Turturro as Carmine Falcone and Colin Farrell as Penguin. Paul Florez-Taylor — also known as the Comic King — spoke exclusively with The Post to help create the definitive list of Batman heroes and villains that align with astrology and the zodiac. Follow the Comic King for everything that’s hot in geekdom! Batman is iconic and one of the most complex characters to be created in the modern era. What has always made Batman special to people worldwide has not only been our empathy for Bruce Wayne’s trauma but his expanded cast of characters that includes both the Bat Family and his Rogues Gallery. Simply put, there is no villain more iconic than the Joker and no one more courageous than Barbara Gordon’s Batgirl. (We cannot wait to see Leslie Grace as the latter on HBO Max later this year.) At the core of every Batman story, it’s about a family coming together to rise above the horrors of the world — that’s why we’re excited to see Pattinson’s interpretation of Bruce Wayne and the door “The Batman” could possibly open to bringing other fan-favorites to the silver screen (cough Damian Wayne cough). Now, let’s dive into the astrological world of Batman! Brave, bold and familial. Batman’s quest to avenge his parent’s death has led him to create his own Bat Family. Bruce’s unwavering devotion to his kin — be it the family he was born into or the one he created — embodies Aries’ fiercely loyal nature to those they deem part of the tribe. Batwoman epitomizes Taurus’ tenacity. Whether she’s coming face-to-face with a defiant relative or weathering relationship woes (we stan her with Renee Montoya), Kate Kane rises to every occasion with both courage and strength like a true earth sign! Be it Jim Carrey’s “Batman Forever” version of the character or Frank Gorshin’s legendary performance in the 1960s “Batman” series, the Riddler’s coy and enigmatic behavior is both seductive and mesmerizing — like Geminis themselves. We heart Uma Thurman’s Poison Ivy in Joel Schumacher’s 1997 universally panned film “Batman and Robin” (don’t cancel us). But, quite frankly, much like Cancers, when Dr. Pamela Isley walks into a room, we’re all immediately drawn to her feisty and captivating persona that leaves us breathless. Stunning and elegant, no one moves through the rooftops of Bludhaven quite like Dick Grayson. A rare gem in the Bat Family, he is the heart and soul of Bruce’s crusade for a better tomorrow. It also doesn’t hurt that (much like all fire signs) he’s easy on the eyes. No one is more of a Virgo in the Bat Family than Alfred — humble, empathetic and resourceful. He took Bruce under his wing at an early age and gave the future Dark Knight a solid foundation to flourish. Is it any wonder this earth sign is Bruce’s only confidant? Whether it’s Tim Drake, Damian Wayne or Carrie Kelly, all incarnations of Robin embody Libra’s extroverted and spontaneous nature. They are easy-flowing and ready for whatever adventures lie ahead of them — just be sure to avoid the Joker and crowbars (we love you, Jason Todd). Julie Newmar. Eartha Kitt. Michelle Pfeiffer. Anne Hathaway. Zoë Kravitz. All of these interpretations of Catwoman embody Scorprio’s illusory energy that draws the curiosity and desire of those around them. Not even the Joker could snuff out Barbara Gordon’s fiery spark! Everyone who has donned the Batgirl cowl — from Cassandra Cain to Stephanie Brown — shares a defining Sagittarius trait: an indomitable soul who will always pick themselves back up again. Legendary, enduring and wise. The only one in Bruce’s Rogues Gallery who’s capable of matching his wit and might is Ra’s al Ghul. Much like a Capricorn that is ruled by Saturn, he is constantly reborn after death stronger and better than before. What truly makes Joker an unstoppable force in Gotham is his perceptive and quick-witted nature. He, much like an Aquarius, possesses a certain je ne sais quoi that holds the affections of Harley Quinn and even Batman himself. They may be trying to crack the code of his madness, but he’s always one step ahead. An endless dreamer who sees the world for what it could be — not what it is — the Scarecrow swirls in the world of fantasy. He, like all Pisces, digs deep into the minds, souls and motivations of everyone he meets. Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the “Power of X-Men,” a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movies and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the HuffPost, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits and Wizard Magazine. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.