Between the news of Aaron Rodgers’ decision to stay in Green Bay and a blockbuster trade sending Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson to the Broncos, NFL Twitter went off the rails on tuesday. ESPN analyst Mina Kimes, who is a staunch Seahawks supporter, joined the conversation about Wilson leaving Seattle, completely owning the Arizona Cardinals in the process. When the Cardinals tweeted, “You good?” to Kimes amid the news of Wilson’s move, the ESPN star fired back with the same message – along with a photo of Arizona quarterback Kyler Murray playing baseball in an Oakland Athletics uniform. NFL fans had a field day with Kimes’ “savage” reply in the wake of recent reports alleging Murray’s relationship with the Cardinals is on the rocks. The former first-overall pick seemed amused with Kimes’ tweet, and joined the Twitter buzz himself. “Stop it…,” he replied, adding three crying-laughing emojis. Before Murray was drafted by Arizona in 2019, he was selected ninth overall by the Athletics in the 2018 MLB Draft. He played for the Sooners’ baseball and football teams during his time at Oklahoma, and later signed a contract with the Athletics when they drafted him. Murray, however, decided to forgo his senior year at Oklahoma and enter the NFL Draft following his Heisman Trophy-winning season in 2018. The Athletics retained his rights, should the quarterback decide to return to baseball. Despite a hot start to the season, Murray and the Cardinals cratered as the year went on to finish with an 11-6 record. The disappointment continued after Arizona was pummeled by division rival Los Angeles in the wild-card round of the playoffs. The Rams went on to win Super Bowl 2022. Murray has fueled headlines this offseason with cryptic social media moves, in which he scrubbed traces of the team from his pages. Last week, Murray’s agent Erik Burkhardt called for the Cardinals to “commit” to the quarterback in a lengthy contract proposal. Murray reportedly has a close watch on the timeline of any potential dealings. According to Sports Illustrated, the quarterback wants a new contract with the Cardinals before the 2022 NFL Draft on April 30, which — as of Wednesday — is 50 days away.