New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, as the NHL season continues this week. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. Despite no New York teams in action Monday night, there are still plenty of games to get stuck into, as the NHL season continues this week. The Carolina Hurricanes will be going for their second consecutive win when they face the Washington Capitals on Monday night. The Hurricanes are coming off a 7-2 win over St. Louis, but the Capitals are in similar form, having won their previous game 4-3 over New Jersey. Also in action Monday night, the Buffalo Sabres face the Chicago Blackhawks with both teams finishing up rough seasons. The Sabres have only won 23 of their 66 games and have lost back-to-back games in overtime while the Blackhawks have only won 24 of their 66 games this season. The Rangers play on Tuesday night, facing the Penguins for the second time in five days. New York won the first matchup on Friday night 5-1, with Chris Kreider nabbing two goals and an assist. Sitting third in the Metropolitan Division, the Rangers are on point behind the Penguins with one game in hand. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+, T&Cs apply An easy way to grab yourself $100 in free bets, simply refer your friend with our unique referral link, and after they’ve deposited $50, you will receive $100 in free bets. One of the best referral schemes of any sportsbook out there, with a limit of ten friends you can refer.