For a few moments Monday night, Rostyslav Novitskyi could smile. He could exhale. He could enjoy the moment and briefly forget about the atrocities happening in Kyiv, Ukraine, where he grew up. The Fordham forward had the Ukrainian flag on his jersey as he scored a career-high 10 points, adding two rebounds and two steals, in a commanding victory over UMass in The Bronx, the best performance of his injury-impacted season. “It felt great. It’s hard right now, but I just tried to play and focus on the game,” the 6-foot-10 sophomore told The Post. “I did what I could do, just play hard. It’s really hard right now to focus on something else, but basketball is helping.” It’s been a difficult stretch for Novitskyi. He was born in Kyiv and spent much of his adolescence there before his family moved to the Czech Republic in 2017. He last visited the city in 2019. On Monday, a rocket hit the gym where he learned the game of basketball. He is deeply concerned for his friends and coaches in Kyiv. His face is frequently buried in his phone, Novitskyi closely monitoring the events in the country and speaking to friends back home, as Russia attempts to take over Ukraine’s capital city. Asked how he is doing, Novitskyi frequently responds: “Not good.” The friends he talks to back in Ukraine say they are scared, although everyone is safe for now. “It’s painful. It’s very hard,” he said. “I’m stressed. It’s really hard to see what’s going on with my country.” Fordham’s team has done its best to comfort him. Talk to him. Be there for him. “Just spending time with him, taking him out to eat, talking to him, just asking him things are,” said first-year coach Kyle Neptune, who has Fordham (14-14, 7-9 A-10) within range of its first non-losing league season in 15 years. “The reality is it’s not good, it’s not OK. He’s not going to be good. To try to act like he’s going to be OK is kind of a slap in his face. Our job is just to support him as much as we possibly can. I don’t think there’s much else you can do.” Basketball has provided somewhat of a distraction. On Monday, Fordham held a moment of silence for the people of Ukraine. Fordham’s entire team wore the flag of Novitskyi’s country on its jerseys and a large Ukrainian flag was hung above the Rams’ bench. The ideas came from Fordham athletic director Ed Kull. “I’m very glad my team and my school supports me,” Novistskyi said. “I feel their support and I’m very appreciative of that. … It really feels like they love me and they are trying to help me and make me feel better. It feels like we’re a family.” Novitskyi’s journey to this point, even before Russia’s attack on Ukraine, hasn’t been easy. He attended Seward County (Kan.) Community College two years ago and averaged 9.1 points. Last year, he transferred to Monroe College (N.Y.), but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there wasn’t a season. Early this year, Novitskyi broke his foot. He’s only just now hitting his stride on the court, while the city he grew up in is under siege. “You can tell it’s always on his mind,” Neptune said. “He always has videos on his phone, and it’s not pictures he’s seeing on Instagram. It’s pictures his friends have sent him. He showed me a picture of a lot of people sleeping in a train station, because it’s underground. It was 30 people huddled together. He showed me a video of a missile hitting a building. The building couldn’t be more than 100 yards from where the person was taking the video.”