“Harry Potter.” “Twilight.” “Batman.” Iconic franchises have dominated pop culture for decades. And who is the man connecting them all? Robert Pattinson, 35 — the man, the myth, the legend. Some celebrities in Hollywood get lucky — and they nail a big break. But then there are others who are so lucky, it’s clear that there is something else going on. While I certainly know astrology can determine whether someone is destined to rise or fall, there are other factors, too, that weave one’s fate. Robert Pattinson didn’t just get lucky. He is a man who made his luck. I remember when he first blew up on the scene and I was a teenager. I envied his dashing good looks, talent and star power. But now that I have risen in a way all my own — and can see into his very life — I now understand him. With the upcoming release of “The Batman,” Pattinson’s flame is sure to burn ever brighter. Join me as we take a deep dive into his cosmos because I’m a pop culture astrologer — and that’s just what I do! Robert Pattinson was born on May 13, 1986. This makes him a hardworking Taurus sun with an empathic Cancer moon. His birth time online is not accurate, so until he reaches out personally to me for a reading, we will ignore that and his Ascendant. We can see right off the bat (pun intended) that Pattinson is composed significantly of earth and water elemental energy. When this occurs, an individual is able to be comfortable using their emotions as a fuel to turn their motivations into practical, tangible, real-world results. One of the things that makes him so engaging to watch on screen is that he can empathically relate to the struggles and humanity his characters possess and are experiencing in a way that is evocative and striking. He then harnesses the tremendous depth of feeling he senses within those moments and redirects it through his body and expressions with subtlety and strength. His body is the artistic vehicle that lets him channel these characters. All actors inherently do this, but there is something even more unique about his natal chart that gives him even more potency. In his birth chart, his Mars is extremely prominent — as is his moon. Mars is the planet of passion, drive, action and strength and it links perfectly with his sun. This brings him confidence and tremendous physical stamina. He has excellent natural abilities in combat and athletics. Beyond that, though, he also has the decisive personality and focus to harness his innate passion toward anything he sets his mind toward. His Mars also dances with his Jupiter, which brings him innate luck and charm, as well as a nearly endless supply of energy. However, the key to this particular aspect is that if he doesn’t do anything, it would go to waste. Yet, because he does — and has, and will continue to — he has unlocked a never-ending supply of cosmic personal power. He wants something? He will get it. Not because he expects it. Because he will work the hardest he possibly can. His moon syncs with Mercury, bringing him logic and excellent communication skills, as well as Pluto, which once again shows that once he sets his mind or heart upon a goal, nothing will stop him until he achieves it. His intuitive abilities are strong, which is what allows him to rather fluidly understand human nature and people’s innate motivations. That is what makes him so profoundly energized to hit new heights and move strategically in his career. Next up: let’s dive into Mr. Pattinson’s romantic life and relationships, shall we? While it is notoriously hard to keep a down-low profile when it comes to dating in the spotlight, Pattinson has made a great effort in recent years to do so. This again ties to the private nature of both his Taurus sun and Cancer moon. Also, with such a focus on his ambitions, he understands that he needs to keep his attention upon that first and foremost. That may not always be the case forever, but it has been and will continue to be for quite some time. Pattinson’s most notorious relationship was with “Twilight” co-star Kristen Stewart, 31. She was born on April 9, 1990. He’s a bit older than her — so when they started the “Twilight” saga, she was still underage. She is a feisty Aries sun with a charming Libra moon. Even though the two were “young and stupid” when they were together, I do see the spark between them by viewing their combined natal charts. There’s plenty of dazzle, spice and attraction between them — but very little possibility for a long-term connection. It was probably fun while it lasted, but hey — it was never gonna last. (Sorry, I don’t make the rules; I just speak the truth.) Pattinson’s newest flame, supermodel Suki Waterhouse, 30, was born on Jan. 5, 1992. That makes her a tenacious Capricorn sun with a grounded Capricorn moon. She has a high predominance of earth elemental energy in her chart — but also with a spice of fire. This connection is much more aligned across the board, with a much higher level of romantic affinity, shared values, similar goals and strong indications of long-term commitment. Plus, it’s clear that earth sign Pattinson, a Taurus, loves his fellow earth sign Capricorn women — as his other ex, FKA Twigs is also a Capricorn, too. Can Pattinson’s stars align even more? You betcha! Let’s start off with some big news: Jupiter, the planet of miracles and blessings, is returning in 2022 to the exact same place it was when he was born. This foretells major new beginnings, breakthroughs and new cycles of joy and happiness — guaranteed. Also, beginning in the summer of 2023 for a year, Jupiter will be dancing in Taurus — his sun sign. This guarantees even more glory raining down on him. Often, that is when one meets a soulmate, gets engaged or married, or even has a child. Speaking of relationships: he’s coming into a major cycle in 2022 and 2023 that focuses on his commitments moving to the next level — or shattering apart if they’re not meant to be. If he feels that things are moving forward in a truly beautiful way with Waterhouse, it is not unbelievable to think that they may tie the knot during this time. However, Pattinson’s stars are especially focused on him fully embracing this new “version” of himself before the public and that may make or break his relationship — especially if he’s feeling that the union is tying him down from exploring his innate sense of freedom and what the world has to offer. While things are overall very favorable for him, he will have to make some tough decisions around all of these matters — which could lead to some things being sacrificed in order to continue his ascent. Let’s see which path he chooses. After all, he wouldn’t have gotten here if he hadn’t been strategic all along in the first place. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.