President Biden claimed Monday that his latest annual budget request dramatically reduces the federal deficit — despite the fact that Biden’s ask doesn’t include much of his social spending plans or acknowledge record-high outlays during the COVID-19 pandemic. “My Administration is on track to reduce the federal deficit by more than $1.3 trillion this year, cutting in half the deficit from the last year of the previous Administration and  delivering the largest one-year reduction in the deficit in U.S. history,” Biden said in a statement. The federal budget deficit was about $2.8 trillion in fiscal 2021, when Democrats passed Biden’s $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act without Republican support. The previous year, the deficit topped $3 trillion as a result of relief spending during the first months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Biden’s $5.8 trillion budget proposal is unlikely to pass Congress as proposed and many of its ideas — such as new proposed taxes on billionaires — could face opposition from centrist Democrats in the 50-50 Senate as well as in the narrowly Democrat-held House. “The spending is not slowing down,” Russ Vought, White House budget director under President Donald Trump, told Fox News on Monday. “And so they’ve got to show the American people that’s experiencing inflation that they’re actually doing something about the problem.” The budget includes a so-called “billionaire tax” that would apply a minimum tax rate of 20 percent to both the income and unrealized capital gains of households with a net worth over $100 million. The tax is projected to raise $360 billion over 10 years — more than half of it from billionaires. But Vought said the proposed new tax on the super-wealthy “could be unconstitutional” and warned that it would not raise the projected sum because the targets would likely relocate their assets. “This is being done as a head fake at the American people to suggest that they’re actually concerned about the deficit,” Vought added. In fiscal year 2019, the deficit was under $1 trillion, meaning unfunded spending would remain elevated above pre-pandemic levels despite four-decade-high inflation. On a White House briefing call Monday morning, a Washington Post reporter questioned how Biden could credibly claim credit for reducing deficit spending. “A lot of the budget experts are saying, look, the reason the deficit is falling is because of the expiration of inherently temporary economic programs, and it’s kind of absurd for the administration to be taking credit for the decline from inherently temporary economic programs,” the reporter said. “Three letters: ARP,” replied White House budget director Shalanda Young, referring to the American Rescue Plan. “This was not by accident. Had the president not had the wisdom and fortitude — as some people were saying it was time to retract and stop doing pandemic spending — I don’t believe, and many experts don’t believe, we’d be here.” The new budget proposal appears to not fully account for some items in Biden’s dormant Build Back Better Act, while including some of that legislation’s original theoretical revenue streams — including a boost in the corporate tax rate from 21 percent to 28 percent. Centrist Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) effectively blocked from consideration last year a smaller bump to 25 percent. The budget also outlines smaller expenditures on projects than are actually contained in the Build Back Better Act. For example, the bill pitches $555 billion in environmental spending, including $320 billion in tax credits for buying electric vehicles, installing solar panels and improving energy efficiency. A press release describing the new budget proposal describes a much more modest $3.3 billion expense “to support clean energy projects.” The proposal also includes more than $32 billion in funding to put “more police officers on the beat” as well as supporting law enforcement, crime prevention and community violence intervention. Between fiscal years 2015 and 2021, the Obama and Trump administrations proposed $27.4 billion to $31.7 billion in funds for the Department of Justice to “support federal law enforcement and criminal justice priorities of our state, local, and tribal law enforcement partners,” making Biden’s proposal one of the highest in the last seven years. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), another centrist, pulled the plug on the Build Back Better Act in December, citing high inflation, but the White House has continued to act as if the package remains under consideration — even as inflation soared in February to a fresh 40-year annual high of 7.9%. The White House budget forecast an inflation rate of just 2.3%, but Biden economist Cecilia Rouse argued on the White House call that higher inflation doesn’t significantly change the deficit projections because new income and revenue would be similar.