When I led prospective students and their families on a college tours during my undergraduate days, one of my biggest pieces of advice was to buy a mini fridge. And be sure the mini fridge meets your dormitory’s specifications. In my case, I wasn’t allowed to go over a compact 3.5 cubic feet. For the incoming freshmen, seniors and years in between, let me share with you my 30-second elevator pitch for why mini fridges are worth it. First, there’s nothing worse than wanting ice cold water or tea while you’re studying or hanging out in your dorm room. Plus, you’ll have a spot to store your leftovers and any prescribed medications that may require refrigeration. Not to mention, if your mini fridge comes with a freezer, you’ll have a dedicated spot for much-needed midnight ice cream and emergency ice packs, just in case. There’s no surprise college dorms are cramped. That said, space is everything, and you’ll soon learn to store your phone and beside essentials on a space-saving caddy, while also selling your soul to under-the-bed storage. I’ve been there, and you’ll be there, too. In my case, my college provided the option to rent a mini-fridge, but I simply wanted to purchase my own. Here’s a life hack: if you upgrade to a campus apartment or off-campus house with friends, that mini-fridge will always be by your side. I’ve had my go-to mini fridge with me for years and I fully attest they’re reliable and make a great spot to rest your microwave above it. So, be sure to add one to your cart from the 10 best Amazon options listed below. With each model, you’ll find specifications like dimensions (arguably, the most important), capacity and more. If you’re looking for a simple, compact mini fridge that will keep your drinks and snacks cold, you can’t go wrong with Crownful. Plus, it comes in four fun colors to add some spice to your dorm room. For a limited time, you can snag AstroAI’s Mini Fridge for less than $40. With five retro-like colors to choose from, you’ll also appreciate the top handle to make the micro appliance move-in ready. Midea’s mini fridge is great if you’re looking for one that’s wider instead of taller. Plus, it’s great for storing drinks on the interior door. I had a similar version of Midea’s Compact Refrigerator when I was in college and it was the perfect size to place in the corner of mine and my roommate’s desks. The freezer makes the nearly $250 model 100% worth it. If you’re keen on playing records and adore all things vintage, this Frigidaire Blue Retro Fridge will complement your dorm or space nicely. With plenty of storage inside, there’s even a bottle opener to crack open an iced tea or kombucha. Sleek, portable and compact, Cooluli is an elite mini fridge that boasts a front temperature-control view. Notably, it’s great for its spacious three interior shelves and ability to be used for skincare and beauty products. Ivation’s mini fridge is a solid option if storing beverages is a priority. Plus, it looks dynamite in your bonus room or basement. Beauty lovers will find joy in this little option. It’s effortlessly chic with its white and rose gold design while being the perfect compact size. Whether you’re looking to store sodas or skincare, this mini fridge should do the trick. It’s small but incredibly efficient. Spruce up your space by choosing your desired color. In no time, you’ll be enjoying cool drinks, food, skincare and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.