The Issue: President Biden’s ban on oil and gas from Russia and blaming price hikes on Vladimir Putin. When I first started driving, my father told me that to save on gas you should always check your tires, drive at a moderate speed, avoid lots of starts and stops and go easy on the pedal (“Biden’s Energy Idiocy,” Editorial, March 9). Well, after this past year of unprecedented increases in gas prices, I would have to add to this list: “Don’t vote for Democrats.” The fact that President Biden is now trying to blame the gas price increases on Vladimir Putin and not on his own policies, which have restricted the use of our own petroleum resources in stubborn adherence to green restrictions and in spite of the catastrophic effect on the economy, adds more insult to the intelligence of the American people. Charles Michael Sitero Ormond Beach, Fla. America was energy independent before Biden took office. I am waiting for the first reporter to ask this loser administration or any green Democrat why this advantage was squandered. The price of any good or service dependent on fuel is about to skyrocket, and Biden alone is to blame, not Putin. Paul O’Keefe Union City, NJ The Biden White House continues to lead from the rear. His embargo was the result not of a researched foreign-policy measure as much as it was Capitol Hill pushing him into banning Russian oil imports. This ban only shrinks the available fuel supply and raises pump prices, He told us that we would pay at the pump, but suggested that’s the price we must pay for defending democracy. Without increasing our domestic sources of oil, and with Russia most likely selling fossil fuel to China, the only ones who get hurt are the American people. Our current energy policy is not based in reality. We have the energy right here, and we need to get our energy independence back and move away from the idiocy of purchasing oil from our enemies. Sal Giarratani Boston, Mass. Biden has been placed in an untenable position vis a vis the matter of our imports of Russian oil. He has made a decision based on honor, conscience and decency on behalf of the beleaguered people of Ukraine: to prohibit the importation of the product indefinitely. After doing so, he accurately warned us of the increases in the price of gasoline, which has reached dizzying heights for a number of reasons, including Putin’s war. We can expect no help from the bloodsuckers of OPEC and must wonder whether increased domestic oil production will be sufficient to minimize gasoline price hikes. It will be interesting to see whether American support for the people of Ukraine endures, given the financial hardship it will inflict. Oren Spiegler Peters Township, Pa. It’s beyond infuriating to watch this clueless excuse for a president lay the blame for skyrocketing energy prices on Putin’s horrible, bloody invasion of Ukraine. One of Biden’s first actions was to close the Keystone Pipeline, and it’s been a relentless attack on the entire energy sector ever since. Yes, the horror Putin has unleashed has of course exacerbated the problem, but the administration is now going hat-in-hand to Venezuela and Iran. As the man himself once spat at a reporter — what a stupid SOB. David Perez Brooklyn Regarding the daily soaring fuel prices in this country, I do not believe there has been a US president in history that is documented in saying he “can’t do much right now.” Isn’t that one of his primary duties to the America people? As war rages in Ukraine, it is very convenient for our president to solely blame this terrible situation on our ever increasing fuel prices. Since his administration has taken office, our fuel prices have increased by about 50%. This begin before the crisis in Eastern Europe. How about implementing what you can do to make fuel prices stabilize and decline, such as domestic drilling and completing the Keystone Pipeline? Sean Kelly Farmingdale Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.