An 83-year-old serial killer charged with dumping her gal pal’s dismembered body on a Brooklyn street was indicted on murder charges Thursday, prosecutors said. Harvey Marcelin, a transgender woman, was already jailed on a charge of concealing a human corpse after cops nabbed her getting rid of the remains on surveillance video — and later found the victim’s head in her apartment. Now, she’s facing a murder charge. “Last week my office charged Harvey Marcelin with allegedly concealing the severed head of a woman in her home and discarding the victim’s torso in a bag on the street,” Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez said in a statement. “Today, the grand jury indicted Harvey Marcelin for murder, and my office is committed to vigorously seeking justice,” Gonzalez said. “The facts of this horrific case are gruesome and unsettling and my heart is with the victim’s family and friends.” The victim, identified by sources as Susan Leyden, 68, had been reported missing by a friend on March 2. Cops found her leg down the street — and her torso in a shopping cart last week, authorities said. Marcelin has twice been convicted of killing ex-girlfriends, spending more than 50 years in state prison for the slayings, records show. She was sentenced to 20-years-to-life for the shooting death of a live-in girlfriend in 1963 and remained behind bars until being paroled in 1984. In 1986, she was convicted of manslaughter for killing another ex-girlfriend, stuffing her body in a bag and dumping the remains on the sidewalk near Central Park. Marcelin was hit with a sentence of six-to-12 years in that case and released in 2019. In the new case, Leyden, who lived in an LGBTQ senior center in Fort Greene, was spotted on the surveillance footage wheeling a bag into Marcelin’s apartment on Feb. 27 — and was never seen again. According to a missing person report filed by a friend, she was last seen at her St. Edwards Street apartment that day, sources said. “It took us by surprise,” said a neighbor who asked not to be identified. “We ask ourselves, ‘What was Susan doing down there?’ “She had this good feeling about who she was,” he said. “Very beautiful soul.” Residents of Leyden’s building, called Stonewall House, were notified of her death by a letter from the property manager. “We understand that this is an extremely difficult time for the Stonewall House community — we support you and stand with you,” the letter said. “The SAGE Center will be providing grief counseling services as well as additional resources to give everyone a chance to process this loss.” Meanwhile, Marcelin, who lived in a relatively new building in Cypress Hills, did not have many close friends in the neighborhood, locals said Thursday. “He’s coming here every two days. He takes cigarettes, cola, Newport 100s,” said Sark Kaseen, who works at the Mr. Shisha Smoke Shop down the block. “He’s always good talking a little bit. ‘Sir, how are you?’ He is a man but he has a wig and nails. I didn’t know why.” Additional reporting by Khristina Narizhnaya and Catalina Gonella