Got your bathing suit packed and ready to scratch your travel itch this summer? If you’d like to order lunch in fluent Spanish while watching the waves in Mexico or rattle off Italian while on an Italian getaway, Speakly makes learning a language easier than ever. And right now with coupon code DOWNLOADNOW, you can snag a lifetime subscription to learn all of their eight languages (yes, eight!) for just $48.99 — less than $7 a language. Whether you’d like to master French before your big trip to Paris or are hoping to cross “learn to speak German” off your 2022 resolutions, Speakly makes learning a language convenient and simple. This app combines science and computational algorithms to teach the 4,000 most statistically-relevant words of your target language, helping you learn the language faster than you would on competing apps on the market.  Learn words you’ll really use, like ones pertaining to directions, socializing, food and drink, or shopping… everything you’ll need on vacation. Speakly lets you practice your new language in real-life situations right on your smartphone or computer, helping you attain confident skills in just 100 hours of studying. Already know a bit of a language but want to be more fluent? There are also a variety of skill levels to pick from, starting at beginner and ranging to advanced. With 4.8 stars on the Apple Store, users are loving using Speakly to pick up a new tongue. Happy customer, Martina, found it better than competitors, noting, “Very different to the other language learning apps in a really good way. Speakly is superior in getting you the basics to forming sentences with the correct grammar and structure.” Roberto shared that it’s popular with everyone in his family, writing, “Easy to use and intuitive, the whole family is using it and enjoying learning new languages.” Learn new languages at your leisure with Speakly! Use coupon code DOWNLOADNOW to get a lifetime subscription to learn all eight languages for just $48.99 today. Prices subject to change. 