Shaheen Holloway couldn’t have scripted a better March: MAAC title. Elite Eight. New job in a high-profile conference. One of the big stars of March Madness is going home, returning to his roots at Seton Hall as its next head coach. As expected after weeks of rumors, the Big East school made it official Wednesday, announcing it had hired Holloway to replace Kevin Willard as its head coach. The 45-year-old Holloway returns to South Orange, N.J. — where he was a star player and successful assistant coach — after leading Saint Peter’s to a magical run to the Elite Eight and guiding the MAAC school to the first three NCAA Tournament wins in program history. Holloway broke the news to the Saint Peter’s players Wednesday afternoon, hours before the news became official. A press conference that will be open to the public will be held at 1:30 p.m. Thursday on campus at Walsh Gymnasium. Once word spread that Willard was headed to Maryland, it became clear Holloway was the obvious successor. Willard campaigned for Holloway — moments after the Pirates’ NCAA Tournament loss to TCU — and former Seton Hall star Isaiah Whitehead did as well. “Life has a way of coming full circle,” Holloway said in a statement. “This is certainly a full circle moment for my family and I. Seton Hall is near and dear to my heart; it’s where I became a man, where I met the love of my life, where I spent countless hours honing my crafts as a basketball player and a basketball coach.” Holloway is getting a significant raise, believed to be in the ballpark of what Willard earned last year, a base salary of $2.4 million per year, over six years. According to sources, he recently took a pay cut at Saint Peter’s, due to financial constraints brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, and that came after he was making roughly $300,000 per season. The school didn’t talk to any other candidates in the nine days between Willard taking the Maryland job and hiring Holloway, a popular figure in New York City and New Jersey recruiting circles. “I think it would’ve been a good hire four weeks ago,” said former Seton Hall coach P.J. Carlesimo, who has known Holloway dating back to his days as a top high school prospect. “The whole country the last few weeks saw how special he is.” The makeup of Holloway’s coaching staff is uncertain at the moment. He could keep Seton Hall assistant Grant Billmeier, if Billmeier doesn’t follow Willard to Maryland. Billmeier is also expected to be a candidate at Saint Peter’s, as will Holloway’s top assistant there, Ryan Whalen. Rutgers assistant coach Brandin Knight, who also will be in the mix at Saint Peter’s, is Holloway’s cousin and could join him at Seton Hall. Another Saint Peter’s assistant, Rasheen Davis, will also be in the mix to join Holloway’s staff. Holloway will have to work fast to formulate a team capable of returning to the NCAA Tournament. Key contributors Myles Cale, Ike Obiagu, and Bryce Aiken are out of eligibility. Star senior Jared Rhoden has one more year left, if he can be convinced to return. Holloway was his lead recruiter coming out of high school. Needing to be around to take care of his daughter, Shatanik, Holloway got into coaching after a seven-year professional career mostly spent overseas. He started at the high school level, serving as an assistant coach at Bloomfield Tech and then took a job as an administrative assistant at Seton Hall under Bobby Gonzalez. “It’s important to learn from the bottom up,” Holloway said recently. “You appreciate it more. You learn every aspect of the job.” His break came after one season in his first go-round at Seton Hall. Willard, then the new Iona College coach, was looking for an assistant coach with local connections. He spent the day with Holloway and was convinced he was the right fit because of how often he talked about working hard, first as a player and now as a coach. “That’s what sold me more about ‘Sha’ than anything,” Willard said. Together, they rebuilt Iona and three years later went to Seton Hall. Holloway was by Willard’s side for eight years at his alma mater, and helped make the Pirates matter again. Holloway played a significant role in the development of several under-the-radar recruits into Big East stars, players like Khadeen Carrington, Desi Rodriguez, Myles Powell and Sandro Mamukelashvili. He brought that ability to do more with less to Saint Peter’s, molding a team of unheralded and unrecruited prospects into an Elite Eight team. He led the Peacocks to three straight winning seasons, the first time the school was able to say that since 2004-06. Now he’s headed back home to Seton Hall, where he won as a player and an assistant coach. Willard made the Pirates nationally relevant, reaching five of the last six NCAA Tournaments. Holloway’s job is to continue Seton Hall on that path — and take the program deeper into March. “They’re about as fortunate as fortunate can be,” Carlesimo said.