Testing, testing, one, two, three. If you’re on the hunt for the best USB microphones on the internet, it’s your lucky day. We headed over to Amazon and scoured through their offerings to deliver only the best. When searching for the best 2022 USB microphones, we searched for a few key categories. First, we looked at reviewer ratings to gauge a general sense of the mic’s quality. Then, we investigated which devices a mic was compatible with followed by whether or not a mic came with a desk stand. Lastly, we searched for color options, mic type and, of course, price. We broke it all down below because everyone’s mic needs are different. So while one mic may be perfect for recording music, another may be better for gaming. Keep reading to find your ideal USB microphone. We love the Blue Snowball iCE mic, not only because of it’s 26,800 positive reviews, but it also feature an adjustable desktop stand. Therefore, you can easily position the mic anywhere on your desktop. You can also choose between black and white to match your aesthetic. The TONOR USB mic made our list thanks to its smooth, crisp and clear sound pickup. Installation is also beyond simple with the help of a three-legged stand. Not in the mood for a stand? Then simple unscrew the shock mount and attach it to a boom stand. With 4.7 out of five stars, you know the audio-technica mic is good. With a high quality converter, a headphone jack with volume controls, mix controls, high output and an internal headphone amplifier, this is one of the best USB mics out there. With a cardioid pickup pattern, you can look forward to natural sound and suppressed background noise. Set up is also made simple with a pop filter and tripod. Simply plug in and play. While the MANO Plug & Play doesn’t include a desk stand, it does come with a pop filter and sturdy boom stand. You can also utilize your phone with this option, though you’ll need to purchase an OTG adapter separately. Available in white, black, blue and more, this mic offers powerful sound. You can also gain access to enhanced effects, audio samples and four various pickup patterns. Further features include headphone volume, pattern selection, instant mute and mic gain controls. Featuring a stable tripod stand, the FIFINE microphone delivers clear recordings perfect for music, podcasts, video calls and gaming. Choose from various bright colors such as pink, green, blue and more. Recording has never been more personal than it is with HyperX’s four selectable polar patterns. This mic also offers a sensor with LED indicator and a mount adapter. With a boom stand, condenser microphone, metal shock mount, desk mount clamp, pop filter, foam mic cover and easy volume control, this kit is beyond user friendly. Not to mention, the body is also sleek and clean. Featuring two custom mic capsules, this Blue Yeti Nano mic elevates your recordings. You can also enjoy multiple pickup patterns and simple-to-use onboard controls. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.