William P. Barr’s new memoir is titled “One Damn Thing After Another,” and candidly — sometimes very candidly — recounts his time serving as attorney general under Presidents George H.W. Bush and Donald Trump. The Post talked to Barr about progressive politics, combating crime, and the future of the Republican Party. THE POST: You write that today’s political conflicts don’t feel like a fight within the family, because they are not: “Progressive ideology has left the family and is a form of Jacobinism.” How do you see this applying to the 2024 election cycle? Will the infighting between the progressives and mainstream Democrats ultimately come to a head? BARR: I don’t think the tide is turning against progressives within the Democratic Party. Progressives will still be the center of gravity in the Democratic Party in 2024, and I believe the Democrats will field a nominee who leans progressive or who, like Biden, can be controlled by them. Whether infighting among Democrats flares into a destructive civil war depends on whether Trump is running. If Trump is the Republican nominee, the Democrats will quickly find unity. If the Republicans pick someone else, Democrat infighting will likely be fiercer. In the country as a whole, however, the tide is turning against the progressives. Americans are coming to see the totalitarian essence of their program and temperament. An increasing number of traditional liberals are repelled. The progressives’ excesses are giving the Republicans an historic opportunity to achieve the kind of decisive and durable victory in 2024 that Ronald Reagan did in 1980 — and it is that kind of victory that is necessary to “make America great again.” Sadly, with the exception of judicial appointments, almost all the accomplishments of the Trump administration are being erased. If we are to restore America’s greatness, it will take more than one term in office. Trump briefly disrupted the left’s momentum, but he did not set America on a new course. I see some parallels to the ’60s and ’70s, a period of increased radicalism in the Democratic Party. The Democrats tried to hold things together in 1976 by running Jimmy Carter, who was an empty vessel in whom both progressives and mainstream Democrats could see what they wanted to see. Ronald Reagan crushed Carter, winning 40 states. He won reelection by winning 49 states. His vice president, George H.W. Bush, kept the streak going, winning 40 states. This dominance even constrained President Clinton’s agenda, requiring him to pursue moderate policies. I do not think Trump is capable of delivering the kind of broad and durable electoral victory that is needed to restore America. The GOP would be wasting a golden opportunity by nominating him again. The numbers are clear — Trump lost the last election because he could not control his obnoxious and petty behavior that needlessly alienated a large segment of suburban voters who otherwise voted Republican. The stark reality is that Trump ran behind the general Republican ticket in the key battleground states. The recent elections in Virginia and New Jersey show how powerful the GOP can be going forward when it runs candidates who can bring suburban Republicans and independents back into the fold. And even if Trump were to squeeze out a narrow victory in 2024, he would enter office as a 78-year-old lame duck. THE POST: What advice would you give New York City’s new mayor, Eric Adams, for how to tackle violent crime? BARR: The single most important step to address the upsurge in violent crime is to roll back the “reforms” adopted by the New York legislature in 2019 which makes it impossible to keep violent criminals off the streets. Before these reforms, the NYPD had one of the most effective community policing and precision policing programs in the country. Members of the communities were able to help the police pinpoint the individuals responsible for shootings and violence. But now people are reluctant to provide information to the police because they know the offender will be right back on the streets the same day. Mayor Adams must be aggressive in calling out the current failings of the criminal justice system and pushing hard for measures that will keep repeat offenders off the streets. As I explain in my book, most violent crime is committed by repeat offenders who are released back onto the streets by the state’s revolving-door justice system. The only solution to the violent crime problem is for states and local governments to fix their dysfunctional criminal justice so that repeat offenders who pose a danger to the community can be kept off the streets before trial and, upon being found guilty, are required to serve substantial prison sentences. This was the approach that reduced crime nationwide for 22 consecutive years — from 1992 (when violent crime was at its peak) to 2014 — ultimately cutting violent crime by half. New York and many other states have now backslid into the same revolving-door policies that prevailed in the 1960s and ’70s, and these policies will once again lead to record levels of carnage unless they are reversed. THE POST: What needs to happen on a federal level to address crime? BARR: As I explain in my book, the federal government can do a lot to help states fight violent crime, but cannot help much if a state is not willing to fix its own criminal justice system. During the Reagan-Bush years, the federal government put in place the strongest criminal-justice system in the country, with tough laws against those who commit violence involving guns, gangs and drug trafficking. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, federal law enforcement started leaning forward, using joint federal-local task forces to identify the worst violent offenders and prosecuting them under these tough federal statutes to obtain long federal sentences. These joint efforts played a significant role in helping local jurisdictions reduce crime between 1992 and 2014. Generally, Republican administrations have been more aggressive using federal law enforcement to help local authorities deal with violent offenders. During the Obama administration, for example, the number of federal gun charges hovered between 6,300 and 8,100 each year. In FY 2020, despite the serious constraints imposed by COVID, the Trump Justice Department charged over 14,200 individuals with federal firearms offenses. While sustained efforts like this will have an impact, at the end of the day we cannot totally federalize local violent crime. The states must take the lead. Barr’s book “One Damn Thing After Another: Memoirs of an Attorney General” (William Morrow) is out now.