Whether you’re the savviest with tech or can hardly understand what software updates entail (we’ve been there), picking up a new streaming device is always a convenient blessing. Not to mention, the latest and greatest devices are backed by thousands of rave reviews, a swarming clientele that can’t imagine what life was before Alexa stepped into it and incredible features that grant them their acclaim. If you’re looking to sharpen up your smart home — or, are simply looking for an electronics guide of sorts — we have a host of streaming devices to consider adding to your cart. With plenty of zeal, we rounded up the best devices responsible for streaming onto your smart TV in the easiest way possible. We also listed some top-tier USB microphones that are equipped to help you stream, podcast and work from home with improved audio. Whatever your objective is, there’s a streaming device for you. Take a look at our 10 favorites and add them to your cart. Most of them you can snag on Amazon (along with 90 of the retailer’s best-selling products we love). Without voice control, we’re virtually all lost souls. If there’s any streaming device we love above all else, it’s the reliable Amazon Fire TV Stick. We have it in virtually every room in our home and it makes our lives so much easier with its voice-command function and its ability to deliver your favorites on Disney+, Hulu, YouTube and more instantaneously. Not to mention, even without the sale, it’s a bargain for the quality. Similar to the Fire Stick, Roku Express’ HD Streaming Media Player has a bounty of rave reviews (nearly 150,000, to be exact) and is brilliant for including a high-speed HDMI cable right in-box. Much like the Fire Stick, Roku has easy-access streaming buttons to press on Netflix — and other favorites —in a jiffy. What’s more, the Roku device, when paired with the Amazon Echo Dot ($50) allows it to work with our BFF, Alexa. Introducing the Mother of Streaming, convenience unmatched. Amazon’s Fire TV Cube is the only hands-free option of its kind, where a simple, “Hey Alexa!” will suffice to load your reality TV binge or infatuating documentary. Plus, it can even check the weather or turn lights off, making it a universal smart device worth buying (especially at a discount!) For HD video quality, it’s imperative to have a quality webcam at your disposal. Luckily, Logitech’s Pro Stream Webcam is one of the best on the market, clad with a full HD glass lens, two built-in mics to capture your voice in rich audio and automatic light correction should you have a poorly backlit setting. Overall, we 100% vet this product. As someone who’s tested many USB microphones for a past project, I can attest Blue Yeti’s USB Streaming Mic is not only one of the best heavy-duty ones out there, but it’s exceptional for podcasting. If you’re looking for a model that won’t let you down — and, one that will sit nicely on your desk — consider the tried-and-true Yeti. Truth be told, the Elgato Wave3 USB Microphone is the best USB microphone I’ve tested, and the perfect size for your desk. Not only does it deliver crisp sound like no other, but the individual on the receiving end of a video call heard zero background noise (a feat, as I was playing low music not too far away). Another offering from Elgato, its stream deck is crucial for content creators. With its live content creation controller to switch scenes, launch media, adjust audio and more, it’s also well-suited for presentations and to add a bit of oomph to your streaming. Speaking of content creation, this guide would be incomplete without a mention of Neewer’s LED Video Light. It’s a great value, coming with two high-quality lights for just $45, and you can adjust the USB-powered LED light for Zoom calls, filming, photoshoots and more. What’s better than your average computer? Samsung’s 32″ M5 Smart Streaming Monitor, of course, which has the ability to stream your favorite binge-worthy shows and video-game like a professional. Not to mention, it’s Bluetooth-compatible and has incredible picture quality. How about live-streaming? For in-the-moment shots, there’s no other like GoPro. Its less-than-$350 camera is pocket-sized, incredible for documenting video in a wide lens and shoots in stunning 5K resolution. Plus, if you’re going on a trip soon (perhaps with the best luggage brands we rounded up), then this will be your go-to carry-on. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.