Question: What do former presidents do on weekends? Lincoln maybe schlepped to his barber for an emergency trim. Donald? Golf. Lunch. Chat. Friends. At his Trump International course in Palm Beach, Fla. With his ex press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders in a peasant dress. He’s mum about running in 2024 due to campaign finance laws. Candidacy clamps immediate restrictions on the use of campaign funds he’d raise. But he told the Conservative Political Action Conference: “We did it twice, we’ll do it a third time.” Believing he runs again fuels his fund-raising. Trump’s Save America PAC has over $115 mil — twice what the Republican National Committee has. Depends how the GOP does in November. If Republicans sweep the Congress, Trump takes credit and temptation to run’s irresistible. If Republicans control Congress, and raising funds is enhanced, could they decide successors might be: Ron DeSantis, Nikki Haley, Mike Pence, Kristi Noem, Mike Pompeo, Ted Cruz, Candace Owens, Josh Hawley, Tom Cotton, Tim Scott (who??), Donald Jr., who they said: “has less chance than Prince Harry of becoming king.” Meanwhile, Andy Cohen was at Zazzy’s Pizza in the Village. Not inside. Outside. In an oversized orange, dad-bod sweatshirt and shorts. Aviator glasses. Wolfing pizza with his son. Designer Cynthia Rowley’s daughter ran over to gossip. She was dressed better. Colonel Sanders a movie star? A half-baked series idea is cooking with Amazon, which hasn’t enough problems with unionizing but now has bakers making dessert versions of Dr. Seuss characters — the Grinch, Cat in the Hat. Great idea. Food as entertainment now takes the cake. Also, daughter Margaret’s book about chicken-loving Sanders — “The Colonel’s Secret: Eleven Herbs and a Spicy Daughter” — is becoming a film: “A Finger Lickin’ Good Story: The Life of Colonel Sanders.” May these ideas not lay an egg. More cooking. Lesley Nicol, the “Downton Abbey” cook Mrs. Patmore, is cooking up a one-woman show, “How the Hell Did I Get Here?” Opens April 20, McKittrick Hotel. Passover’s coming. New York. Best bagels, best steak, best cheesecake, best egg creams. If you don’t know what’s an egg cream, there’s a bus leaving for Idaho — get on it. It’s a mix of chocolate syrup, milk and seltzer — not club soda. The order ingredients are added plus how mixed is precise. And ancient. Probably created by a thirsty Abraham, Isaac or Jacob in those 40 years hunting the Promised Land. Only served in a small, curvy Coke glass — and where they had that schlepping through the desert, who knows. Created in a neighborhood candy store in lower Manhattan, the egg cream contains no eggs. A theory is in the old country the word “echt” means “true.” Anyhow, they’re part of New York life. The late singer Lou Reed even wrote a song about them calling it — well — “Egg Cream.” Somebody told Nikolaj Coster-Waldau to chill — so he went to Greenland to do 1909’s true story of a polar expedition. Cool title. “Against the Ice.” Nikolaj: “My wife is from Greenland. I’m going there 25 years. Everything you see today is CGI. We filmed on location because their landscape is spectacular. But tricky. No roads connect cities. We shot on the ice beside frozen icebergs. Every morning 22 snowmobiles drove the crew two hours, had to be evacuated one day from a glacier and we had a fight scene involving a polar bear.” Watch it on Netflix. Wear a parka. Think you’re unlucky? This guy opened a fortune cookie and found a summons. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.