Marlee Matlin on Best Picture “CODA”: “Apple bought it at Sundance for $25 million, more than they paid for any other film. I was onboard right when it first came out of the gate. I pursued the script heavily. Wouldn’t let it out of my grip. I didn’t want to let it get away with anyone else.” She told Creative Coalition’s Robin Bronk: “Because I got my Oscar for ‘Children of a Lesser God’ in 1987, I had more Hollywood experience or my attitude now would have been different. More stressed out, nervous, afraid. You experience pressure in the running as a nominee. I couldn’t get any more naive than I was then. I didn’t know stuff that’s part of being in the Oscars: the p.r., what you’re to be seen in, what you’re to wear, the competition amongst the nominees. “This time I knew.” Trumpers are boosting Hochul. Giuliani’s nice but never held an actual job. Zeldin, into killing the gas tax which nobody likes but repairs roads, bridges and the MTA keeping down train and subway fares, is a fine man — but so what? Alright already with another Marvel marvel. This beauty’s “Moon Knight.” Oscar Isaac plays moon man who has dissociative identity disorder which maybe its creators also have. Isaac: “I had freedom because he’s an obscure character largely unknown. [May he stay that way.] He has a loyal fan base but I never heard of him so it was exciting to build him from the ground up.” Yeah. Disney’s six episodes filmed in Budapest, Jordan and Atlanta. Co-star Ethan Hawke, playing a cult leader, says: “Fun to see people excited about movies. That’s what living is about and who you make it for. I’m blown away by it.” Right. New York’s highest seven-member Court of Appeals sits monthly in Albany. For a long while Cuomo’s appointee Associate Judge Jenny Rivera, 61, attended only by remote video. She and three other state judges — from NYC, Hudson Valley and western New York — face potential removal. Judiciary watchdog, the state Commission on Judicial Conduct, could remove them. Unless the quartet’s vaccinated, the Office of Court Administration may prevent them reentering their courtrooms. Passover might be the only time we taste real Coca-Cola. A spokesman said most sold here gets made with corn sweeteners. Not the original concoction’s cane sugar. Some religious people at Passover avoid corn so the company bottles a special kosher version sweetened with cane sugar. Connoisseurs say you can’t tell the difference. Coca-Cola has connoisseurs? The Oscars. An actor cracking another actor’s face? Their smack is usually in the back. 1974, a nude dude ran across David Niven. Another time, Jack Palance did push-ups. 2017’s dead people reel showed someone alive. 2013, Seth MacFarlane and a men’s chorus sang “We Saw Your Boobs.” 1971, Best Actor George C. Scott stayed in bed with his non-statue wife. In 2000, Angelina Jolie, saying she’s in love with her brother, kissed him on camera. Marlon Brando had Native American Sacheen Littlefeather accept his award. 2003, Adrien Brody’s tongue ended down Halle Berry’s throat. Forget what teams played, everyone remembers 2004’s Super Bowl. Justin Timberlake plus a closeup of Janet Jackson’s right boob to 150 million watchers. So Sunday’s Oscar slap was great TV. Viewers will watch again next year … maybe the Best Actor’s zipper jams. Sign belonging to a psychiatrist with theatrical patients: Two couches — no waiting.” Only in Hollywood and New York, kids, only in Hollywood and New York.