WASHINGTON — The Islanders lost in an eight-round shootout to the Capitals on Tuesday, but that’s not what will be remembered from the night. Alex Ovechkin scored his 767th goal to pass Jaromir Jagr for third on the NHL career list, and he was surrounded by his Capitals teammates while fans roared in approval. Chants of “Ovi! Ovi!” filled what has been his home arena for almost two decades, and they returned after a 4-3 victory against the Islanders that saw Anthony Mantha score the winner in the eighth round of the shootout after Anders Lee tied the game with less than two minutes to play to force overtime. Ovechkin’s goal to move behind only legends Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howie capped a turbulent stretch for the longtime Russia-born captain and the face of the Stanley Cup-winning hockey franchise in the U.S. capital. Amid his home country’s invasion of Ukraine ordered by Vladimir Putin, whom he has long supported, and with his wife and children stuck back home in Russia, Ovechkin got a brief chance on the ice to soak in the biggest individual accomplishment of his career. “It’s been tough, but we’re athletes and we just have to do our job and focus in on the thing what we’re doing best,” Ovechkin said. “We just play hockey and enjoy our moment.” Ovechkin’s moment came with 4:58 left in the third period when countryman Evgeny Kuznetsov won a faceoff to put the puck on his good friend’s stick. Ovechkin beat another good friend in Islanders goaltender Semyon Varlamov to finally break a tie with Jagr, whose unproductive Capitals tenure from 2001-04 made him unpopular among Washington fans. The 36-year-old from Moscow has had no such issues at home, even since Putin invaded Ukraine last month. Booed at times during a trip across western Canada, Ovechkin got a standing ovation from Capitals fans who have cheered for him and chanted his name throughout his 17-year career in North America. The next important milestone for Ovechkin is No. 800 —a plateau only Gretzky and Howe have reached in hockey history. Ovechkin needs 35 goals to pass Howe and 128 to break Gretzky’s record of 894 that was long thought to be unapproachable. Ovechkin scored in the shadow of the Capitals’ 2018 Stanley Cup banner with Barry Trotz standing on the visiting bench. Trotz coached Washington to their first title in franchise history, and Ovechkin was playoff MVP. “The one thing that I’ve learned about Ovi over my time is that when you doubt Ovi or you say he can’t do it, he digs in,” Trotz said.