An Australian man left paralyzed by a freak skiing accident has suddenly become one of the world’s most eligible bachelors — and it’s all thanks to TikTok. Jimmy Jan, 21, took to the social media site last week to share a “boyfriend application video,” which has racked up nearly 12 million views — and more than 2 million responses — as of Monday afternoon. The college student — who is currently attending an unnamed med school — broke his back last August while attempting to perform a ski jump, and doctors have told him that he will never walk again. However, Jan hasn’t lost his wit in the wake of the devastating news — wooing thousands of women with his self-deprecating sense of humor on social media. “I’m Jimmy, I’ll never walk away from you,” the playful single guy joked in the caption to his viral TikTok video, which shows him confidently spinning around in his new wheelchair. Jan is then seen whipping out a tape measure, telling prospective love interests about his new height. “I’m 4’7″ (was 6’4″ when standing),” he cheekily wrote. The Sydney-based bachelor subsequently listed a series of perks for dating someone in a wheelchair, including access to handicapped parking. More than 20,000 people left comments beneath Jan’s video, with women all around the world saying they were attracted to his resilience. “Were can I submit my application?” one viewer swooned. “How long would it take you to wheel yourself to New Zealand?” one curious Kiwi quizzed. Several moms also left comments saying Jan would be perfect for their daughters and that they were ready to play matchmaker. In separate videos, Jan spoke about his horrifying accident, in which he landed on his head and lost consciousness. He spent weeks in the hospital, with doctors eventually delivering the devastating news that he would be permanently paralyzed from the waist down. But the determined young man didn’t even take any time off from med school, and said there was no point in dwelling on the negative. “The accident I had that day was pretty severe and the course of my life changed in an instant, and it will literally never be the same,” he stated in one video. “But there’s nothing I can do to change what happened, all I can do is look back and say ‘oopsie.'” He optimistically added: “My point is sometimes bad things happen in life, and there’s nothing you can do to change them.”