PORT ST. LUCIE — Francisco Lindor still isn’t sure what hit him last year, but he’s out to ensure the narrative changes. “I still have got 10 more years,” the Mets shortstop said Tuesday, offering a reminder that the contract extension he signed last March, worth $341 million, doesn’t even start until this season. The Mets had reason to feel cheated last season, when Lindor, after arriving in a trade with Cleveland, produced an ordinary .230/.322/.412 slash line with 20 homers and 63 RBIs. It’s a season that started poorly and ended with Lindor more resembling the player the Mets thought they were receiving. Upon further review, the 28-year-old former All-Star suspects a change in offseason routine might have affected his performance. That included everything from relocating to another city to the birth of a daughter. Maybe Lindor wasn’t focused enough on preparation for his new job. “Last year everything kind of blended together,” Lindor said. Lindor was jeered last season at Citi Field — leading to his decision to “boo” the fans (along with teammates Javier Baez and Kevin Pillar) by flashing a thumbs-down to the crowd after reaching base. Lindor and Baez later apologized to the fans. It’s clear Lindor took the booing too personally, a topic that was broached when he recently spoke to manager Buck Showalter. “The fans, they want something to embrace you,” Lindor said. “The fans want to cheer for you. If you don’t give them that you are going to hear it.” Baez, who arrived last year at the trade deadline, signed a six-year contract with the Tigers worth $140 million. Lindor had hoped his friend would return to the Mets. “Steve [Cohen] had a different vision, along with Sandy [Alderson] and Billy [Eppler], they had a different vision,” Lindor said, referring to the team owner, president and general manager. “You respect it. I am a New York Met. I am all in for the New York Mets. I wanted [Baez] to be here, but he’s not so now I wish him nothing but the best. I will continue to talk to him and hopefully we see him in the World Series against us.” Lindor’s “Mr. Smile” persona took a hit last May, when he fought with teammate Jeff McNeil. At the time, the two laughed off the incident as an argument over whether it was a rat or raccoon that had invaded the tunnel leading between the dugout and clubhouse. The Post reported in November that Lindor, angry about McNeil’s repeated positioning mistakes in shifting — and the second baseman’s dismissive attitude about it — grabbed McNeil by the throat and pinned him against a wall in the tunnel. The altercation was broken up by teammates. “This is something that is in the past,” Lindor said. “Me and McNeil, we have been good ever since then. We continue to play the game as hard as we can and ultimately we’re two competitors that want to win. We want to do whatever it takes to win.” Lindor appeared on the right track in July before a strained oblique removed him from the lineup for five weeks. In September he produced a .933 OPS, which included a three-homer game against the Yankees. But Lindor’s brutal April and May numbers, in particular — he owned a .589 OPS over the first two months — were difficult to overlook. “To be honest, if we talk about last year I didn’t feel as if I was slumping,” Lindor said. “I wasn’t hitting, obviously, the numbers weren’t there, but I felt like I was having good days. I was just inconsistent. I wasn’t consistent every day so it led to a [.182], I think I hit in the first month. I just wasn’t consistent. “I wasn’t putting bricks every single day and to have a wall you have to put the bricks every single day. I was just putting the bricks every two days. It wasn’t what I wanted.”