A brave man let a girl he met on Tinder tattoo his leg on their third date – and people can’t believe how it turned out. The TikTok video shows the gloved-up woman holding a tattoo gun at a studio and getting creative as she inks her daring date. The video, which has racked up more than 11,000 views, said: “Met this girl on Tinder and I let her tattoo me on our third date.” It’s not clear whether the woman was a professional tattoo artist – or whether it was her first shot at it. But the end result was a very neat potted smiling sunflower – wearing sunglasses – just above the man’s ankle. People were pleasantly surprised by the outcome of the unusual date. The couple, from Quebec, Canada, have stayed together after he put a lot of faith in her not to give him a dodgy tattoo. The video clip said: “We’re dating now so I guess it went well.” One TikTok user admitted the tattoo was “actually nice”. Another simply wrote: “OH MY GOD.” And a third said: “You both are so cute, so happy I saw this.” In other tattoo news, a woman tricked her boyfriend into getting a tattoo knowing she’d dump him after looking at his phone. The TikToker is seen traveling to a tattoo parlor with her ex who gets artwork she chose inked on his hand. “Went through my boyfriend’s phone, didn’t like what I saw,” a caption on the recording read. “So I booked him an appointment to get my artwork tattooed. He picked the placement, I’m going to break up with him now.” The cheeky move divided opinion. “This is chaotically evil and I love it,” one user wrote, while another called it “Queen behavior”. Others weren’t so sure. “Nah, what did he do? Very few things warrant something like this,” asked a third. “Super weird” said a fourth. Meanwhile, a Redditor got a tattoo of corn dogs – but it was compared to a lesion and bacteria online. The words strength, beautiful, courage, and calm were inked around the deep-fried treats. Redditors said they thought the sausages looked like bacteria. Others thought the artist botched the tattoo, with one saying that they were intended to ink the word courageous but “beefed the landing.” The tattoo was also compared to the spongy plant cattails. Cattails look dense like corn dogs but thousands of seeds explode and shoot into the air when the plant is pinched. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.