Major League Baseball’s “disastrous” offseason continued Wednesday, when commissioner Rob Manfred announced the lockout would continue and two more series had been “removed from the schedule” after the league and the MLB Players Association again failed to reach a deal for a new collective bargaining agreement. The latest roadblock to an agreement surfaced Wednesday, when the union declined to accept an international draft in exchange for the elimination of the qualifying offer. Mets right-hander Max Scherzer, a member of the MLBPA executive board, came down hard on the inclusion of the draft in the proposal Wednesday night. “I was in [Florida],’’ Scherzer wrote on Twitter of the negotiations held in Jupiter last month. “We never offered the [international] draft. We did discuss it, but MLB told us they were NOT going to offer anything for it. At that point, we informed all players [and] agreed to no draft. This is MLB muddying the waters [and] deflecting blame. Fans [please] hang in there with us.” But an MLB official said the sides continued to talk about that issue into Wednesday night and the league made the announcement about the schedule because its self-imposed 6 p.m. deadline had passed. “In a last-ditch effort to preserve a 162-game season, this week we have made good-faith proposals that address the specific concerns voiced by the MLBPA and would have allowed the players to return to the field immediately,’’ Manfred said in a statement. “The Clubs went to extraordinary lengths to meet the substantial demands of the MLBPA. On the key economic issues that have posed stumbling blocks, the Clubs proposed ways to bridge gaps to preserve a full schedule. Regrettably, after our second late-night bargaining session in a week, we remain without a deal.” That means Opening Day has been pushed back to April 14 at the earliest, but a league official did not rule out the possibility of a 162-game schedule. Oddly, Manfred did not use the word “cancel” in Wednesday’s statement, as he did last week when he announced the first change to the schedule, though teams did use that term, and so did the union. “The owners’ decision to cancel additional games is completely unnecessary,’’ the MLBPA said in a statement released shortly after Manfred’s. “After making a set of comprehensive proposals to the league earlier this afternoon, and being told substantive responses were forthcoming, players have yet to hear back. … Players want to play, and we cannot wait to get back on the field for the best fans in the world. Our top priority remains the finalization of a fair contract for all players, and we will continue negotiations toward that end.” Before further discussions regarding the rest of the CBA could continue, MLB gave the MLBPA three options regarding the international draft: a draft starting in 2024, with the league relenting on the union’s request that the draft-pick compensation system be eliminated; keeping the status quo, with the league not introducing an international draft and draft-pick compensation remaining; and a third option in which draft-pick compensation is eliminated and the sides continue to negotiate an international draft. If no deal is struck on a draft by Nov. 15, the league could opt out of the new CBA in 2024. A source confirmed the MLBPA had expected a response from the league on the entirety of its most recent proposal and was dismayed when MLB instead used the international draft as a bargaining chip. The union rejected all three options and countered with its own, first reported by ESPN: remove the qualifying offer for the 2022 season, and if the parties failed to agree on the draft by the Nov. 15 deadline, the qualifying offer would return and the league would go back to the previous international system. There had been guarded optimism after another marathon bargaining session stretched from Tuesday night into Wednesday morning. But after tensions had decreased in recent days, there was more anger from both sides Wednesday, with the owners upset the union hadn’t accepted a deal after what they felt were several moves in their direction and the MLBPA insisting the international draft was not considered to be a bargaining chip, as Scherzer indicated. MLB has presented the union with a series of deadlines that have turned out not to be deadlines, so it remains to be seen whether the games that have been removed from the schedule are at some point put back on. As it stands, Opening Day would be the day before Jackie Robinson Day, which this year is celebrating the 75th anniversary of Robinson’s MLB debut with the Brooklyn Dodgers. Progress had been made both Tuesday and Wednesday, with the players going from $238 million to $232 million for the first threshold on the competitive balance tax in the first year and taking their request of an $80 million pre-arbitration pool down to $65 million.  But while the differences on the financials are narrowing, the concept of an international draft — long sought by the league — has also been considered a nonstarter by the MLBPA. The league’s perspective is that a draft would clean up the international market in which top players often agree to deals with teams long before they are eligible. And MLB said the pool of money that would exist for an annual 600-player draft among eligible 16-year-old international players would likely begin in 2024 and would provide more money to players than the current system. The draft would involve a rotation among teams during a four-year period, but the union doesn’t want international players to lose the right to pick what team they sign with.