New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can bet $5 on any March Madness game, and you’ll receive $150 in free bets regardless of the outcome. The NCAA Tournament 2022 is finally underway, and FanDuel is giving new customers an unbelievable offer to get involved in the tournament. To claim FanDuel’s March Madness offer, new users need to register, make a first-time deposit, and then simply place your first real-money wager on any March Madness game during the tournament. Place a $5 wager on any team’s moneyline during March Madness, and whether or not they win or lose, you’ll receive $150 in free bets. The 2018 tournament’s upset kings take to the court on Friday, as Loyola Chicago face Ohio State. These No. 7 vs. No. 10 games are often one of the most difficult matchups to pick every year, and this game is no exception. The Buckeyes are a massive sports school, but have seen their form dip in recent weeks. Loyola has plenty of tournament experience, and the Ramblers will be ready to cause another March Madness upset. Only nine 15-seeds have toppled a No. 2 in March Madness history, but the South Carolina Gamecocks might be the model Cinderella story as they face No. 2 seed Auburn. Auburn has the overwhelming talent, size and speed advantages, but they can’t get complacent as Jacksonville State’s style matches up against them well. A potential banana skin for the tigers? The Delaware Blue Hens pulled off a couple of big upsets to secure their place in the tournament, but it will be a big ask if they want to keep dancing as they meet the No.2 seed Villanova Wildcats. A mismatch in seedings, and a mismatch in quality. Don’t be surprised if this game is over at half-time. Cal State Fullerton knocked off its rival on the way to the NCAA tournament. Now the Titans get a chance to end Mike Krzyzewski’s coaching career. Fresh off a Big West tournament championship, the Titans No. 2 seed Duke on Friday. The Blue Devils, who lost to Virginia Tech in the ACC tournament final, are playing to extend Kryzyzewski’s career as the longtime coach inches toward retirement. Everyone loves a parlay, and with 16 games on day one of March Madness, there’s no better time to place one. Simply place a 3+ leg parlay on the 2022 NCAA Basketball tournament, and you’ll receive a refund in free bets if one leg lets you down. Maximum stake of $25, parlay odds must be a minimum of -200. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.