With 1.3M Instagram followers, another 1.8M YouTube subscribers and a flocked fanbase of ballroom dancing extraordinaires after her time on “Dancing with the Stars,” Olivia Jade, 22, is a social media influencer the media is glossing over. The L.A.-based content creator is known not only as Lori Loughlin’s daughter (calling all “Full House” fans), but she has also picked up steam as an Internet sensation, curating natural glam beauty looks and trendy ensembles that render thousands of comments, likes and heart eyes. “[For] my main brand, I want it to just be about kindness, and that’s something I’m super passionate about — leading with kindness and doing things with that in mind,” Jade told the New York Post over an exclusive video interview, after adjusting her lamp’s light and saying “I should get the hang of lighting by now as a content creator” — virtual Zoom calls get the best of everyone, truthfully. While in her sleek white top and gold hoop earrings — her hair curled and tapping into the curtain bangs trend — she shared highlights from her ballroom-blitzed appearance on ABC’s “Dancing with the Stars.” Jade partnered with fan-favorite Val Chmerkovskiy for weeks of salsa, jive and pasodoble. “My favorite dance — and the biggest rush I had — was probably the quickstep, which was to ‘Fat Bottomed Girls’ by Queen,” she mentioned after we said hello to her German Shepherd mix, Milo, via video chat. “It was really challenging and the fact that we did it and we didn’t mess up…that was like the night we got our first 10s, and also the costume was really cute.” If almost on cue, Jade’s first dance, an upbeat pop number to Lizzo’s “Juice,” emerged from one of her TikTok videos, captioning her footage with “can u tell I really love this song.” Truthfully, we have it on repeat, too. Offstage, Jade can be found on social media frequently, posting routine YouTube videos. Her curated vlogs showcase her daily life — workouts, shopping, photo shoots, hanging with friends and often showing her viewers what products and clothing she’s loving recently. Speaking of, Jade shared her exclusive list of much-adored beauty products, including some popular picks from Charlotte Tilbury, Dr. Barbara Sturm and more. She even shared some beauty favorites on her podcast, “Conversations with Olivia Jade,” highlighting her mother as an inspiration source. “She’s the most beautiful woman on the planet, not just because she’s my mother [but because] I know how amazing her heart is, too,” she continues. “I genuinely [go to her] for any skincare [or] beauty tip. The main thing she always told my sister and I growing up was to wear sunscreen for sure, hands down.” Ahead, find Jade’s 20 favorite beauty products she exclusively listed for The Post. If it’s good for her glowy, dewy skin, it’s definitely good enough to shop. “I love this because it has a little tint, so it kind of evens out your skin tone and it gives a beautiful glow,” Jade explains. “But if you don’t like looking glowy, you are not going to like this; your face looks shiny after.” She also recommends a different product if you have oily skin, specifically, a stark contrast from her dry skin type. “I would maybe try and find a tinted powder sunscreen,” she advises. “I think it’s just [about] finding a sunscreen that works in your routine.” “This is like my OG product,” Jade shares. “I just love this concealer because it doesn’t dry up under my eyes — that’s something I always look for in a concealer.” She also enjoys Tarte’s formula because it doesn’t feel or look super heavy but gives a lot of coverage. After revealing that she was wearing this very product during our interview, Jade said she’s been using Laura Mercier’s tinted moisturizer for years. “I love it because it’s really, really minimal coverage,” she said. “I like it to even out my skin.” After sharing that, luckily, she doesn’t struggle much with acne, she resorts to this because it’s not a full-proof foundation. “I was just recently introduced to the lit butter bomb by Summer Fridays, and I love it so much just because it’s really hydrating and thick,” she notes. “It’s more something like I would wear if I’m just chilling around my house if I’m really trying to cure some dry lips because it’s tacky.” She shares that she always applies it before her makeup, much like a lip liner. “At the end, it does wonders,” she adds. “This is a really good mascara because it doesn’t give too much of one side; typically when you get a mascara, it’s either going to make your lashes super thick and clumpy or it’s going to do crazy length,” she notes. “This has the perfect blend.” She also mentioned there’s another version of Tarte’s Light, Cameras, Lashes that’s waterproof, should that pique your interest more. Not to mention, it’s the most affordable on Amazon. As recommended by her friend, Dr. Barbara Sturm’s Glow Drops is her tried-and-true favorite serum to apply before her makeup to give her, like its name suggests, a natural glow. “I have been using it under my makeup a lot and it just gives like an extra level of hydration,” she said, adding that applying a few skincare products before your makeup, completely changes the game. In tandem with Dr. Barbara Sturm’s Glow Drops, its Hyaluronic Serum is a splurge-worthy skincare essential she swears by before applying her face and eye makeup. “One of my best friends who’s really into skincare as well, saw my Barbara Sturm package, like, ‘Oh my God, they sent you this? This is the best product,'” Jade explained. “And I was like, OK, so then I just started using it every day.” After sharing that Charlotte Tilbury is one of her favorite beauty brands (“they never miss,” she said), Jade put its Contour Wand on a pedestal. “It blends so beautifully,” she highlights. “It gives that dewy glow and it’s subtle, but you can build it because it’s cream; it gives you an effortless contour.” Because it doesn’t look too “powdery” or “cakey,” Jade is a devout user of CT’s Airbrush Finish Setting Powder. “It’s really good, especially if you get a shade lighter just because it has like this really beautiful brightening effect,” she said. “Let’s say you did your whole glam, you did your eyes, — maybe after your face — and then you’re trying to wipe away fallout, it’s gone with this product.” “Another one of my favorite powders is the translucent powder by Laura Mercier,” Jade shares. “I like it because I feel like it literally airbrushes your face.” And — you guessed it — it doesn’t give her that dry and cakey feel her dry skin detests. “I think the reason I love this Too Faced primer so much is because it feels like a moisturizer,” Jade shares. “It doesn’t feel like silicone, and the most important thing for the base of your skin before foundation, concealer and powder is having really hydrated skin; I love this one just because it hydrates really well.” If you’re looking to spend a bit less, this primer is available in a mini size on Amazon ($20). “I could go on about this eyeliner forever,” Jade said, animatedly. “The reason I like the Fenty so much more than the rest of them is because the actual point, the applicator, is so precise.” What’s more, it glides right on, so it’s easy to use — even for beginners. “I’ve been using the Bobbi Brown one since I was super young,” she shares. “I like doing it with the brush that I feel like a lot of people use — like an angled brush.” Plus, she told us it’s the “easiest way to create a wing,” so that counts for a whole lot. “I actually went through the entire bottle during quarantine and then I ordered another one,” Jade recounted, after revealing she discovered this product when watching a video of Alicia Keys’ skincare routine. Naturally, she ordered it immediately and said her skin “had never looked better.” Not to mention, her chat with us reminded her that she should hop back into using it again, too. “These masks are honestly just really hydrating and they feel really nice under your eyes,” she shared, explaining her love of 111skin’s patches. “Since I’m so passionate about skincare, it makes me feel alive and happy — so I think that’s really why I just like them.” What’s more, 111skin has a wealth of other masks, some for just $35 (which, personally, we love). After Jade’s “moment” — she explains — of wanting to purchase only clean beauty products (which, though she loves them, told us it “didn’t last long”), she stumbled upon Honest Beauty’s Creme Blush. “It gives off a really, really bright peachy blush — but it’s, again, cream, which we know I love,” she shared. “My favorite way to wear it is with a really light tinted moisturizer, like just the blush and maybe a little highlight, and it’s so fun and pretty.” With Rahua’s Leave-In Treatment, Jade said her hair feels “semi-decent,” especially because her hair can feel super soft one day and a bit frizzy the next. “Also, it has heat protection in it, so if you’re going to style your hair, it’s also good,” she adds. “Pillow Talk’ matches my lips so well,” Jade shared. She described it as a “really good standard” — if you don’t know what to order, she suggests this shade (and we agree). “It has a matching lipstick ($34), which I like to because it’s nice for overlying your lips with.” “I really love being tan — in the summer, I can get a really great natural tan,” she explains. “But obviously my mom gets super mad if I lay in the sun because she’s like, ‘It’s so bad for your skin, don’t do that.'” With Loving Tan, she likes that it’s not “orange” and because you can “see the color right away,” giving you the ability to point out spots you missed. “I’m a sucker for anything that smells good, especially if it’s in my shower,” she said. “It has to smell really nice, and I just remember opening this for the first time being like, ‘Oh my god, this smells amazing.'” When she realized it was a great exfoliant, too (and, after it left her legs super soft) she “became obsessed with it” and “went through it in a week.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.