A pregnant woman was left ‘disgusted’ after she necked a whole Coke Zero only to discover ‘maggots’ at the bottom of her drink. Natalia Reynolds, 27, said she found the creatures hours after finishing her McDonald’s meal on February 24. Natalia, from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, claims the maggots were skulking inside the ice cubes of her drink. She said: “It wasn’t until later on in the evening until I noticed the maggots. “I was collecting stuff to put in the bin and I picked up the empty cups, looked inside and I was like ‘oh my god, there’s maggots.'” “It was terrifying. It was disgusting and it was awful.” Despite the disgusting discovery, the content creator did not feel any of the critters in her mouth or notice any difference in the flavor of the drink. She also reckons the pests were dead. Natalia said she later took the cup back to the Rawcliffe Road branch of McDonald’s in Goole, East Riding of Yorkshire. But she said staff were left scratching their heads at what the brown worm-like shapes were. To add insult to injury she claimed that while staff were disgusted, they didn’t even apologize. She recalled: “All the members of staff came to have a look at the drink and basically looked at me in disgust as if to say ‘urgh, you drank that?’ “I was thinking ‘you should be apologizing to me’. There was no remorse or apology.” Staff offered Natalia another drink but she flat out refused and now says she has been “put off” eating at McDonald’s. She left the cup in question with staff to be sent of for examination, but she claimed she is yet to receive an apology or explanation. While the mom-to-be said McDonald’s have neither responded to her demands over social media and email for an apology or explanation. Despite this, McDonald’s said the issue had been investigated and they ‘did not find any evidence of pest activity’. They said they were continuing to liaise with the customer so she could return the ‘foreign object’ for further investigation. Above all, the experience has left poor Natalia worried. She said: “I was 24 weeks pregnant at the time [now 25 weeks pregnant] and it just made me extra concerned knowing I’d drunk this.” Natalia says she will stick to KFC in future. A McDonald’s spokesperson said: “Food safety is of the utmost importance to us and we place great emphasis on quality control, following rigorous standards to avoid any imperfections. When the matter was brought to the attention of our restaurant and Customer Services team we investigated immediately. “Our approved pest company visited the restaurant and did not find any evidence of pest activity. “We therefore asked the customer to return the foreign object to us for further investigation. Our Customer Services Team will continue to liaise with the customer to help find a resolution.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.