So, you’ve bought a luxury gift for the women and men in your life, but what about the little ones? If you’re looking to spoil your child in 2022 but they already seem to have everything under the sun, consider one of the following options. No matter what age and budget you’re working with, our list includes a wealth of ideas any kid (or adult!) would love. Whether they love to play video games, create imaginary worlds with dolls or want a fancy new backpack to show off at school, we’ve got you covered. Ahead, find kid-friendly, luxury gifts from brands like Nintendo, Stoney Clover Lane, Baublebar, YETI, Barbie and more. Shopping for the perfect birthday or holiday gift? Here are our top picks! In addition to Baublebar’s adult blanket collection, they also sell mini options for kiddos, too! Choose from a variety of styles and designs, plus customize your blanket of choice with their name. Note: these ship within 3 weeks of ordering, unless otherwise specified. Your child will appreciate an ice-cold beverage, just like you. Consider buying them the YETI rambler, specially made for kids. If you’re reading this article in hopes of finding a great gift for an upcoming baby shower or even a one-year-old birthday gift, you can’t go wrong with the Honest Diaper “Cake.” LOVEVERY offers a wide range of brain developing kits for many ages including 0-12 months, 1-years-old, 2-years-old and 3-years-old. Do you love your Away luggage? So do we! And your little one, just might too. Get them started on travel organization early by gifting them this fun storage bag that looks like a mini version of the brand’s signature luggage line. Not only will this musical llama look great in their playroom or bedroom, but it works great, too! This playful wood activity toy is great for introducing little ones to music and for fostering motor development and auditory stimulation. For those shopping for older kids, consider gifting them the Nintendo Switch Lite so they can play all your favorite OG video games. Make sure they feel stylish everywhere they go with a Stoney Clover Lane backpack that can be fully customizable with the patches of their choice. We love these adorable shearling slingback slippers for slumber parties and beyond. They’re available in a plethora of colors, while supplies last. Make your child’s Barbie dreams come true with this epic Dreamhouse Dollhouse that comes with 8 rooms, a slide and more than 70 accessories for the ultimate imaginary play. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.