Sen. Joe Manchin indicated he was open to returning to the negotiating table to revise the Build Back Better measure months after the Democrat torpedoed his party’s sweeping $2 trillion spending bill in the deadlocked Senate. Manchin, 74, of West Virginia, told climate activists and energy executives Monday at a private dinner he would support a bill narrowed down to address only climate change, prescription drug prices, deficit reduction and an updated tax code, according to Axios. The centrist chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee had similarly told fellow senators and cabinet members he wanted to reach a compromise — saying that a vote must be held before August, ahead of the midterm elections, The Washington Post reported. Early last month, he jettisoned the bill after it passed the House, claiming it was too expensive and ambitious in its social spending, which included child care assistance and universal pre-K. He also said the bill would worsen soaring inflation rates. The spending package had already been drastically scaled down from President Joe Biden’s $3.5 trillion proposal. It further stalled after negotiations between the White House and Manchin became contentious in December. Biden was ready to reengage with Manchin on tax credits that promoted clean energy and electric cars, the newspaper said, citing White House national climate adviser Gina McCarthy. “I am optimistic, but I am not naïve. I think we’ll have an ability to move this forward,”  McCarthy said Thursday, according to the newspaper. “Sen. Manchin is always willing to engage in discussions about the best way to move our country forward,” Sam Runyon, the senator’s communications director, told the outlets. “He remains seriously concerned about the financial status of our country, and believes fighting inflation by restoring fairness to our tax system and paying down our national debt must be our first priority,” she reportedly said “He has made clear that we can protect energy independence and respond to climate change at the same time. He continues to believe we can and must lower the cost of prescription drugs for working Americans.” Manchin’s support is critical to the bill’s fate, as Democrats hold 50 of the Senate’s 100 seats with Vice President Kamala Harris’ vote serving as a tie-breaker.