Chris Rock is also at fault and should be banned from the Academy Awards (“Oscar Wild,” March 29). So he’s a comedian. I watched the program, and I didn’t think anything in it was funny at all. I don’t know who wrote the script for this show and how much they got paid for this, but it was horrendous. Both parties are at fault: Rock for saying something that was not in the script, and Will Smith for his responses. He should have included everyone in his apology, including Rock. The world had to wait 24 hours later to see the apology to Rock. Too late. Christine Blasucci Manhattan What’s happening on the streets — no consequences for serious crimes — is now happening on the stage. A celebrity offended by a harmless joke can a slap a comedian in full view of millions and swagger back to his seat without fear of reprisals. Be careful, Academy (and America): It’s a slippery slope to utter anarchy. S. Silver Manhattan I want to take the time to applaud Smith for defending his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, as the butt of the joke in Rock’s recent monologue at the Oscars show. Rock was wrong to make fun of the health condition of anyone. With the world being PC about everything, a health condition should be at the top of the list. Although violence is wrong, as a spectator, I got angry myself. I can only imagine the anger that Will felt. His action does not take away from his work. Therefore, his Oscar should not be taken away. Maggie Roemmele Greenville, NC One thing no one has mentioned: Smith would never have slapped a man who was younger and bigger than him. If Jason Mamoa or Channing Tatum made the GI Jane joke, Will would have remained seated. That is the classic example of a bully and a coward. As we used to hear all the time: “Pick on someone your own size!” His award should be revoked and he should have been taken out of the ceremony immediately. Patricia Keane Westhampton Beach After Smith’s psycho attack on Rock over his somewhat insensitive but mostly harmless joke, can we expect cancel culture to rear its ugly head and ruin Smith’s career? It certainly should if we’re to believe everyone is held to the same standard. For that matter, Smith should have been escorted off the floor immediately after slapping Rock and arrested for assault, whether Rock chose to press charges or not. Finally, the Academy needs to show some semblance of integrity and take back Smith’s award. The Academy’s inaction, other than stating it does not condone violence, is tantamount to excusing Smith’s inexcusable behavior. It just goes to show there’s a double standard in Hollywood. Bert Wedemeyer Bensonhurst The Academy should conduct a formal review of Rock as well as Smith. Rock started the problem with his hurtful, crude and thoughtless ridiculing remarks about Smith’s wife’s medical issue. Rock should not get a free pass, and he should not represent the Academy again. That was not comedy. Reena Fettner Little Neck During the Oscars spectacle and beyond, Rock carried on and remained composed, as hard as that must have been. Rock is the better man and the lone professional here. Smith is an unexpected name added to my personal “never watch” list. Frank Mazzella Aliso Viejo, Calif. First, I believe that whole slap situation was a publicity stunt because nobody is watching the Oscars anymore — but after the slap, a lot of people are talking about the show. Second, one thing has nothing to do with another. If Smith received the award because of his performance, then he deserves it. Period. John Oglio Hernando, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.