Capitalizing on scheduling advantages is one of the best ways to gain an advantage betting on the NBA, and Friday night’s matchup between the Milwaukee Bucks and Chicago Bulls is a game with an edge. After a Thursday night road game against the Atlanta Hawks, the Bulls will host Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Bucks, who are well-rested after their comeback win against the Miami Heat on Wednesday night. Although the Bulls are 8-5 SU (7-5-1 ATS) when playing on zero days rest this season, their wins have all come over teams with losing records (Oklahoma City Thunder twice, Indiana Pacers, Washington Wizards, Hawks, Houston Rockets, Los Angeles Lakers and Detroit Pistons). In these situations, the Bulls are 0-4 against teams with winning records (Phoenix Suns, Boston Celtics, Brooklyn Nets and Heat). Nonetheless, the Bulls find themselves in another situation facing a team over .500, this time against the Bucks — who have dominated them recently. The Bucks have defeated the Bulls in 13 out their last 14 matchups with the only loss coming on the last day of the 2020-21 season, a game where the Bucks rested their starters. Upon further analysis, it’s clear the Bucks have the edge here. The Bulls have seen their defense fall off a cliff since the injuries to Lonzo Ball and Alex Caruso, ranking just 18th in Defensive Rating, allowing 112.3 points per 100 possessions. They’re just 20th in half-court points per possession (96.6), and they’ll be facing a Bucks team which is seventh in half-court points per possession (98.3) and first in Offensive Rating, scoring 124.5 points per 100 possessions over the past two weeks. When facing teams with a top-10 offense, the Bulls are 17th in Point Differential (-0.2) for the season and 16th (-7.6) over the past two weeks. Expect this Bucks offense to get whatever it wants in this matchup. Although the Bucks defense has dropped off a bit in the absence of Brook Lopez, this is still a better defense than what the Bulls have put on the floor as they’re 11th in Defensive Rating (110.0). With the Bucks being the better overall team and holding a rest advantage, I’ll lay the two points with the Bucks as they look to continue their dominance over their Central Division rival. The play: Bucks, -2