The Issue: The Biden administration’s caution in dealing with Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. It is clear democratic countries will have to face some stark realities (“Putin’s way of war is utter depravity,” Editorial, March 19). At Russia’s current rate of progress, it will be at least a year before it wins in Ukraine. Can we just sit back and watch Putin systematically kill people and destroy each of the cities in the country? The nuclear bomb has been seen as a deterrent for over 60 years. Now that Putin has used it as a threat and gotten away with it, he will never give up the advantage it has given him. If Ukraine falls to Russia, the United States will never again be seen as a superpower that stands for moral standards and democracy. Russian and Chinese authoritarianism will rule the world. Ray Warren Mandurah, W. Australia Since President Biden seems unable to understand the art of war, perhaps he’ll learn the art of politics before it’s too late. I, and hundreds of thousands like me, voted for him in 2020 not because I liked his policies, but because the Trump circus needed to end. If he does not grow a spine and end the war in Ukraine, he and the Democrats will lose in 2022 and probably 2024. Wake up, Joe. Daniel Kuncio Tribeca Like many Americans, I was deeply concerned by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. However, given that we are risking WWIII with Russia — which no one will win — and we have a war ongoing on our streets that is worsening, we should focus our efforts on our domestic problems and not give Ukrainians false hope that we will intervene on their behalf. We should encourage the Ukrainians to accept the Russian peace proposal to end the war by creating a neutral, non-aligned Ukraine and cantonize the country to protect its constituent ethnic groups, just as we did in Bosnia. The longer this war goes on, the worse it will be for the entire world. Michael Pravica Henderson, Nev. It is amazing that the United States has not approved jets to the Ukrainians so they can protect their country from Russian aircraft. This would not be a no-fly zone, just a stronger air defense. I do not understand this caution. Russia continues to use more deadly bombs. Isn’t this what a careful, softer approach from Biden was supposed to avoid? It is terrible to watch Ukranians suffer like this and know we could be doing more to help these brave warriors. Biden and his handlers appear weak and feeble. They do not have the heart or intelligence to use the strength we have in this nation. We keep hearing that they don’t want to start World War III, but with our weak, selfish leaders calling the shots, God forbid, that could be where we are headed. Catherine Adago Manhattan So far, Biden has been ineffective with Russia and Ukraine. Yes, there were sanctions imposed, but he didn’t go far enough. He has to cut off Russia completely. As for military aid to Ukraine, he hasn’t done enough at all. We are in WWIII. Only he’s not willing to face it. He can stop it now by helping Ukraine defeat Putin. He must give them the jets. He needs to stop talking and start acting. Words are cheap. Americans want more for Ukraine. Putin is bombing civilians and we’re standing by. What’s wrong with France and the United Kingdom? Did they forget how they let Adolf Hitler grow strong? Theresa Rohr Hamburg, NJ Putin must be defeated. He cannot be allowed to destroy Ukraine. By employing hypersonic missiles and recruiting mercenaries, his strategy is not to allow his enemy time to deplete his resources. NATO must also increase support for Ukraine’s military and employ NATO special forces to counter Russian forces and mercenaries. Putin must be defeated — or we should be prepared for his ambitions to extend across the other countries of Eastern Europe. Ed Houlihan Ridgewood, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.