The Nets’ rookies have done their jobs and generally played better than expected considering their draft value, if they were drafted at all. Now, however, their assignments seem to be winding down. Cam Thomas has shown a true ability to score, Kessler Edwards has shown a true ability to defend, big man Day’Ron Sharpe has an NBA body and guard David Duke Jr. has a slashing and athletic NBA game. All four have contributed, probably far more than the often-undermanned team would have liked, but after adding reinforcements and with a stretch run ahead, the Nets likely will lean on their veterans during the playoff push. Thomas, the 27th-overall pick in the draft last year, has been the best of the bunch. At times he even has been the go-to option on offense. But the Nets are going to find time for recent additions Goran Dragic and Seth Curry in their backcourt. Patty Mills has become the first shooter off the bench, and at some point the Nets hope Ben Simmons finds his way to the court. It’s a crowded group. Thomas was not listed on the injury report ahead of the Nets’ win Thursday in Philadelphia (he suffered a back contusion Sunday, but had rebounded from it), yet he did not enter until the fourth quarter. Edwards, selected 44th overall, logged five and a half minutes in the blowout, his longest run in a week and a half. The 21-year-old forward with good length has started 20 games this season, but he has barely played since Kevin Durant returned, while Bruce Brown has emerged as the top small forward. Edwards is on a two-way contract that would have to be upgraded before April 11 for him to qualify for the postseason. To convert the pact, the Nets would have to clear a roster spot, a path that does not seem likely. The undrafted Duke also has a two-way contract, and both he and Sharpe have been relegated to the G-League recently. When Simmons makes his Nets debut (if he does), there will be no spot for Duke, who is a good defender, but not a shooter. And Sharpe has been replaced by Andre Drummond. There are elements of each of the four players’ games that can leave the Nets encouraged, and Thomas, Edwards and Duke starting together on Dec. 18 represented the first time three Nets first-year players began a game together since 2009. The Nets’ return to health and trading James Harden for multiple players, however, may have erased the rookies’ roles.