Jorge Masvidal and Colby Covington are still going at it after their fight at UFC 272 earlier this month that saw Covington win by unanimous decision. On Monday night, Masvidal allegedly tracked down Covington in Miami, where he was having dinner with the Nelk Boys — who host a popular podcast — at Papi Steak and tried to fight him outside the restaurant. In video footage obtained by TMZ, Covington can be seen surrounded by police about 30 minutes after the alleged incident. The clip was reportedly filmed around 11:30 p.m. ET. Covington was leaving the restaurant after dinner, when Masvidal allegedly attacked him outside. Police took a report at the scene, according to TMZ. According to TMZ, Covington can be heard in the video saying, “He’s over here swinging, trying to come at me, and I ran out the back.” Covington then turned to social media star Bob Menery, who was with him at the restaurant, and asked, “How would [Masvidal] even know I’m here?” Menery replied, “I don’t know. You’re all over the internet.” Earlier that night, Menery shared a video to his Instagram story that showed Covington and the group’s location, Papi Steak. Menery called Covington “the king of motherf—king Miami,” and wrote, “@papisteak is that spotttttttt.” Menery also wrote, “tonight was bulls–t” in a note on his Instagram story. Masvidal shared a video to Twitter after the reported scuffle, calling the clip the “show your face challenge.” Masvidal tagged Covington in the post, saying, “If you talk that s–t, you’ve got to back it up.” Menery later tweeted, “Never had a problem with @GamebredFighter. Extremely disappointed in the way he decided to handle his ongoing ‘beef’ that has already been decided in a regulated platform. @ufc.” Malik Kawa, founder and CEO of Masvidal’s First Round Management, responded to Menery’s tweet, writing, “Colby talked about the man’s kids. I guess that’s ok in your world, no disappointment there. You sound like a grade a hoe.” In a separate tweet, Kawa added, “I’m hearing that a someone not from Miami who says he’s the king of it is missing a tooth. Can someone confirm this? I need the video asap.” Covington and Masvidal — who are former friends and teammates turned enemies — fought on March 5 at UFC 272. Covington won by unanimous decision, marking Masvidal’s third straight defeat.