Russian President Vladimir Putin made chilling remarks Wednesday, calling for the “self-purification” of the country and likening the West to Nazi Germany. “The Russian people will always be able to distinguish true patriots from scum and traitors and simply spit them out like a fly that accidentally flew into their mouths,” Putin said in a transcript published in English by the Kremlin. “I am convinced that such a natural and necessary self-purification of society will only strengthen our country, our solidarity, cohesion and readiness to respond to any challenges.” Putin continued by saying Ukraine is “acting like the Nazis did,” claiming with no evidence that it is bombing its own people. He also said the West is trying to “cancel” Russia. “The West tore off its mask of decency and began to act crudely showing its true colors,” the despot said. “One cannot help but remember the anti-Semitic Nazi pogroms in Germany in the 1930s, and then pogroms perpetrated by their henchmen in many European countries that joined the Nazi aggression against our country during the Great Patriotic War,” he continued. Putin has consistently said his invasion of Ukraine is a “denazification” mission and he is liberating the people of the Donbas region who he claims are victims of genocide. The totalitarian leader has continued to crack down on internal dissent, ensuring that citizens that refuse to toe the Kremlin line go to jail. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. Ukraine-born Nika Belotserkovskaya, 51, a popular food blogger, has become one of the first charged under the new “fake news” law for telling “lies” about the war. Meanwhile, Putin’s relentless attacks on Ukraine have only continued. The bodies of a family of five — including 3-year-old twins — were found Thursday in the rubble of a bombed hostel in Chernihiv, local emergency services said, and at least 130 people have been pulled from the rubble of the blown-up theater sheltering more than 1,000 Ukrainians in the “apocalyptic” city of Mariupol.