If you’re a little tied up and can’t seem to find the ideal necktie, bowtie or tie clip for you, then you’re in luck. Because we know how important a good tie can be, and obtaining the perfect one shouldn’t be difficult. Below, you’ll find our go-to retailers for the best men’s ties in 2022. The list of brands span from Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus to The Tie Bar and Amazon. Best of all, there’s something for everyone. This goes for style, design and budget. So whether you’re on the hunt for a silk tie, a novelty option or a luxe tie clip, we have your back (er, neck). Keep reading to discover where to buy the best men’s ties in 2022. Trust us — you’re going to look tie-riffic. If you’re on the hunt for a little bit of everything, shop Saks Fifth Avenue. You can discover ties, bowties and tie clips from both classic and designer brands. Best of all, Saks Fifth Avenue is known for their elegant and sophisticated styles, so you know you’re going to find some impeccable designs. Made with sustainable materials and featuring over 1,000 different designs, OTTA is a clothing company to be reckoned with. But perhaps their most stellar offering is their bow tie collection. Choose from spunky polka dot prints to glamours velvet styles. It’s no surprise that Ties.com is included in this roundup. We are obsessed with their tie clips, as they come in a plethora of designs and ring in it at $15 to $30. Enjoy a classic silver bar, a mustache shape and more. With over 100 various floral tie patterns, The Tie Bar is a stellar shopping option. The brand houses both feminine and masculine floral designs pulling from bold, pastel and muted color tones. Reiss prides themselves on using premium silks, textured, woven and patterned materials to craft their beloved ties. It’s those materials that make the brand’s ties perfect for formal occasions. Choose from classic prints and luxe styles. One major reason why we love Neiman Marcus is because it’s a one-stop-shop for many exquisite designers. Here, shop ties from Tom Ford, Zegna, Alexander McQueen, Salvatore Ferragomo and more. The appeal of a classic and elegant attire is not always the lavish and loud designs. Sometimes, it’s all in the details of the material. That’s why we turn to Drake’s for the best silk ties. Each tie is made in London with 100% silk and features unique prints. Not only are Amazon ties moderately priced (after all, a tie can cost you just $3), but there are also a variety of choices. Choose from the perfect plaid print, a solid colored essential or even a six pack of ties. Need a good laugh or have a funny personality you need to match? Then Zazzle is the perfect spot to shop novelty ties. From delicious cheeseburgers to the world’s most boring necktie, you’re sure to find something that’ll make you chuckle. While many of the retailers suggested in this article house great skinny tie options, we love the classic and simple allure of the ASOS finds. They’re cost effective (retailing at $7 to $27) and come in a variety of staple colors. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.