Rain, rain go away — or not. Once you’ve seen our list of the best rain boots you may not mind the rain too much. They’re cute, chic and most importantly will keep your feet nice and dry. While you may just opt to wear an old pair of sneakers when it pours (or, an on-trend pair of white sneakers or running shoes), here’s our 30-second elevator pitch for why you should invest in a pair of rain boots: See our top picks below, along with sizing information and notes on other colors and styles available. Meet the top pair on the rain boots totem pole. Coming in several great colors, the Hunter Original Short Adjustable Rain Boots are a tried-and-true classic you’ll be grateful you purchased. Plus, the buckle detail is a nice touch. How adorable are these rain boots? With a red, white and navy trifecta, they are a girly pair to sport all year round — especially with one of your favorite shackets. Elevate your rainy day look with Coach’s Rain Bootie. They look like they’re ticketed at hundreds of dollars, add a sleek shine to your outfit and have the signature logo as a subtle addition. For less than $35 on Amazon, these low rain boots are in a dreamy blush mauve color and are a practical pair to shop ahead of colder weather. Oh, we’re talking fashion over here. The Burberry House Check Rubber Rain Boots are an awe-stricken pair to add to your shoe collection. And, that buckle — hellooo style. Hunter rain boots became even cuter with the Short Wellies design. Chunky but still water-resistant, you’ll appreciate how these are effective but not bulky. Add some chunky edge to your outfit with the Zip-Up Lugsole Rain Boot. In a sought-after cream color with intricate sole detailing, it’ll turn heads when it’s time to reach for your umbrella. UGG, otherwise known as the definition of comfort, has an on-trend mini boot to snag for rainy weather. Stay cozy and dry in the brand’s Clear Boot, clad with modernity and a sleek look to give your feet a waterproof protector. Chooka is an up-and-coming rain boot brand, and for a good reason. The Downtown Mid Rain Boot is polished without frills. Just one equestrian-like buckle accessorizes the side. Meet the most eclectic rain boots in this roundup. Joules’ shoes are one of Amazon’s bestsellers and we can’t get enough of the unique prints. From polka dots to bumblebees (and cute pups, too), they’re a great gift idea for women. A splurge, but a mighty fashion-forward one. These rain boots are the poster-shoe of the chunky trend, and we’re all about them for making a statement. How dreamy are these rain boots? In a sleek natural color with fun, fall-colored laces and embellishments, you can’t help but love them. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.