An anonymous group of Disney employees is urging the Mouse House to keep its business “politically neutral” – despite mounting pressure from activists who have blasted the company’s muted initial response to a Florida bill that would ban teaching on matters of sexual orientation and gender identity until after the third grade. The employees penned an unsigned open letter arguing Disney has embraced what they described as a “progressive orthodoxy” that has created an “environment of fear” for employees who do not back left-leaning causes. “The Walt Disney Company has come to be an increasingly uncomfortable place to work for those of us whose political and religious views are not explicitly progressive,” the letter said. “We watch quietly as our beliefs come under attack from our own employer, and we frequently see those who share our opinions condemned as villains by our own leadership.” The letter emerged as Disney’s top brass scramble to appease employees who staged walkouts earlier this week – asserting the company hasn’t done enough to stop a GOP-backed state law barring teachers from discussing LGBTQ topics like sexual orientation or gender identity with students in third grade or below. Ahead of the walkouts, Disney and its major brands, such as ESPN and National Geographic, released statements condemning legislation that “infringes on basic human rights” and expressing solidarity with “LGBTQIA+ cast, crew and Imagineers and fans who make their voices heard.” “Employees who want TWDC to make left-wing political statements are encouraged, while those of us who want the company to remain neutral can say so only in a whisper out of fear of professional retaliation,” the conservative employees said of the Walt Disney Co. “The company we love seems to think we don’t exist or don’t belong here.” “This politicization of our corporate culture is damaging morale and causing many of us to feel our days with TWDC might be numbered,” they added. The Post could not independently verify the letter’s author. Disney representatives did not immediately return a request for comment. Disney CEO Bob Chapek and other top brass took further action on speaking against the bill after employees blasted their initial silence, as well as a subsequent companywide memo in which Chapek argued the company would have its “biggest impact” in driving change by creating a “more inclusive world is through the inspiring content we produce.” Chapek’s memo infuriated a group identifying itself as “LGBTQIA+ employees of Pixar and their allies,” who said his comments rang “hollow.” Chapek later apologized for the memo, adding the company would donate $5 million to organizations such as the Human Rights Campaign and cease political donations within the state of Florida. Disney also restored a same-sex kiss scene to Pixar’s upcoming feature film “Lightyear” – a reversal that came after the Pixar employees accused company executives of censoring moments of “overtly gay affection” in their movies. But the conservative Disney employees said Chapek had the “right idea” in his original memo, when he declared that “corporate statements do very little to change outcomes or minds” and are often used to “further divide and inflame.” “Disney is far more important and impactful to the world by avoiding politics than it will ever be by embracing a political agenda. By focusing on entertainment that inspires us with stories of universal appeal, we are doing good in the world,” the employees added. The open letter includes a petition urging other employees, as well as Disney customers and shareholders, to support their push for what they said was a politically neutral company.