The Issue: Ketanji Brown Jackson’s refusal to define the word “woman” during her confirmation hearing. It’s beyond troubling that Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson refused to define “woman” at her confirmation hearing (“ ‘Woman’ trouble,” March 24). As an excuse for her refusal to answer, she stated “I am not a biologist.” Well, I’m not a podiatrist either, but I know what a foot is. If confirmed, how can she decide cases of sex discrimination against women when she can’t define what a woman is? Also troubling is her record of lenient sentences for those in possession of child pornography. Thousands of young children have been sexually exploited to provide viewing materials for these deranged individuals, yet Jackson repeatedly handed down sentences below both federal guidelines and the recommendations of prosecutors. Judge Jackson has no business being on the Supreme Court. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville President Biden’s nominee to the Supreme Court can’t define a woman on the grounds that she is not a biologist. That makes her politically correct, woke and deceitful — like many other Biden appointees who find it convenient to simply deny reality when they believe it is to their advantage. How can someone who refuses to distinguish between a man and a woman be entrusted with making far subtler distinctions in legal issues that will affect the lives of Americans for decades to come? David Rabinovitz Brooklyn Sen. Marsha Blackburn asked Jackson, “Can you provide a definition for the word ‘woman’?” “Can I provide a definition? I can’t,” Jackson said. She tried to justify her non-answer by saying she wasn’t a biologist. She knows what a woman is, but this tells you how she will rule on things like men competing in women’s sports. She will not stand up for women until the woke left tells her it’s OK. Democrat senators running for re-election this year in close races will have to defend their vote for her nomination after she avoided answering the simplest of questions. Ed Buttimore Cedar Grove, NJ At a hearing on Jackson’s nomination to the Supreme Court as a replacement for Justice Stephen Breyer, she was asked by Sen. Blackburn to “define woman.” Jackson never did know how to answer that question — or she just did not want to answer it. I am nowhere near as intelligent and as accomplished as Jackson. However, I could have answered that question very easily, since I have been a male for 73 years now. The Honorable Ketanji Brown Jackson does not have the maturity and legal intellect at this time in her life to become a Supreme Court justice. She definitely should be looked at again, but only after a minimum of 10 more years as a judge. Jackson is just not ready, in my opinion. She’s much too young. She needs more legal experience. Peter Gryzmolowicz Orleans, Mass. Americans are entitled to feel that Supreme Court Justices should be exceptional legal scholars and well-informed in other matters. In Wednesday’s confirmation hearing, Jackson was asked to define a “woman.” Remarkably, she demurred, saying she could not define what a woman was because she is not a biologist. Perhaps she can’t recognize the weather outside her window because she is not a meteorologist? The answer was insipid. It was frightened, exhibiting her fear of imperfection, and it was infantile. It exposed Jackson as shallow and not worthy of the nomination. Biden ought to find another prospect, rather than push someone who’s not ready for the big stage. Rich Klitzberg Boca Raton, Fla. I believe The Post got it wrong when it said that Jackson declined to define “woman.” She said she couldn’t because she’s “not a biologist.” Therefore, she believes that it’s a matter of biology. And what does biology say? XX and XY. Andrew Rodriguez Jackson, Calif. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.