Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky begged members of Congress for help Wednesday in fending off the brutal Russian invasion of his nation that nears its three-week anniversary, saying at one point that “I call on you to do more.” The 44-year-old was greeted with a standing ovation by members who gathered in the 450-seat auditorium of the US Capitol’s visitor center to listen to Zelensky’s speech via video link. The address was also aired live across the country, allowing the Ukrainian president to directly appeal to the American people as well. In his 18-minute remarks, Zelensky reiterated his call for the US and NATO to enforce a no-fly zone over Ukraine — a step the West has declined to take out of fear that it would escalate the conflict with Moscow. “Russian troops have already fired nearly 1,000 missiles at Ukraine, countless bombs,” Zelensky said. “They use drones to kill us with precision. This is a terror that Europe has not seen for 80 years … to create a no-fly zone over Ukraine to save people, is this too much to ask?” Later in his remarks, Zelensky played a video interspersing images of Ukraine’s cities in peaceful times with graphic footage of Russian airstrikes and harrowing evacuations. The video closed with the message, “Close the sky over Ukraine.” The Ukrainian president added that if a no-fly zone was not possible, it was necessary for the US to send S-300 missile systems to aid Kyiv’s air defense forces. Later Wednesday, President Biden is expected to announce an additional $800 million in security assistance for the Kyiv government – adding to billions of dollars in security assistance sent to Ukraine by the US since the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014. While the US and other Western allies have hit Russia with sweeping economic sanctions targeting Russian banks, oligarchs, Putin, and energy imports over the last three weeks, Zelensky has repeatedly called on them to do more. Since the invasion began Feb. 24, Zelensky has become one of the most famous world leaders and has been greeted with standing ovations when giving addresses to the parliaments of the European Union as well as the United Kingdom and Canada earlier this month.