Mayor Eric Adams called on Gov. Kathy Hochul Tuesday to follow through on her promise to extend mayor control, set to expire at the end of June, for four more years. “We applaud Gov. [Kathy} Hochul for sending a loud and clear message that we need to have mayoral accountability for four years, and it should be included in the budget,” he said at Bayside High School, the mayor’s alma mater. “Every agency in our city, the mayor is responsible, you want to point to your mayor. So if the mayor’s responsible for every agency that handles adults’ problems, why shouldn’t the mayor be responsible for the agency that handles the problems of our children?” Adams added. “We should be in control of the public school system, so if we fail, vote us out.” The request comes after Hochul in January recommended a four-year extension of mayoral control of the schools. Adams had asked the governor for a three-year renewal of mayoral control in her $216.3 billion budget proposal, but she said she’d go for four to show she’s “more collaborative” than disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo, she said during a January meeting with The Post Editorial Board. Adams’ predecessor, former Mayor Bill de Blasio, repeatedly lobbied to extend mayoral control of the schools. In 2017, de Blasio was granted mayoral control for two years, and in 2019, he received a three-year extension through June 30, 2022 — a decision Michael Mulgrew, head of the powerful city teachers’ union, opposed. Mayoral school control was initially championed by former Mayor Michael Bloomberg and approved by state lawmakers in 2002, then renewed several times since then. The law abolished the old Board of Education and gave the mayor authority to choose the schools chancellor. The move also turned the Department of Education into a city agency, eliminating the locally elected community school boards. Under the previous system, the seven members of the Board of Education — five appointed by the borough presidents and two by the mayor — picked the chancellor and were in charge of policy. During a meeting on Monday with The Post’s Editorial Board, Adams praised Bloomberg for championing mayoral control of Big Apple public schools. “I have to take my hat off to him for having the vision of understanding that the responsibility of educating our children in a failing school board system that really pitted families against other — types of schools against each other — needs to come under the control of one person that voters can point to,” he said. Schools Chancellor David Banks labeled the arrangement prior to mayoral control a “broken system.” “It was a system filled with corruption,” he said during the meeting. “I think mayoral accountability, this new system has been far superior to what we have seen in the past.” “It’s critically important that [mayor control is] in the budget because we cannot have  a level of uncertainty with all the big plans that we have for dramatic change to take place. It can’t be an open question,” Banks explained.  “That throws the whole system into uncertainty. which will fuel even more people deciding to leave the system. We can’t have that. We need to have clarity.”