She didn’t like their one-belt-fits-all policy. A plus-size model is going viral after shaming Delta for allegedly having “scrawny” seatbelts that apparently don’t fit around her waist. A video of Remi Bader failing to buckle the airline’s safety harness currently boasts nearly 1 million views on TikTok. “Delta, figure it out!” wrote Bader in the subtitle to the clip, which she posted Sunday for her 2.1 million followers. In her latest clip, the fashionista can be seen failing to fasten the airline’s seatbelt around her lap. She captioned it: “And no I shouldn’t need to ask for an extender. It should just be easy! @delta.” The peanut gallery agreed seemed to second her assessment with one fan writing: “Eeek. Everyone praises delta too. Being a size 14 should not warrant an extension.” “YES WHY IS ASKING FOR AN EXTENDER EVEN A THING JUST MAKE THE BELTS MORE ACCOMMODATING,” added one defender. Others offered theories on why the accessory was so constricting. “When the seatbelts get damaged, they trim them instead of replacing the whole thing,” postulated one armchair traveler. “This is why the length is so inconsistent.” According to travel review site the Points Guy, Delta’s seatbelts range in size from 40 to 45 inches. That’s shorter than American Airlines’ and JetBlue’s belts, which measure from 45 to 47 inches and 45 inches, respectively, but still longer than Southwest’s belt, which clocks in at just 39 inches. Nonetheless, Bader claimed in an October video that Delta’s new planes have “way shorter seatbelts than they did before.” In the clip, the TikToker recounted “freaking out” after not being able to fasten her belt during takeoff. The flustered flyer said that when she confronted the flight attendant about the problem, she was told to ask for an extender, a device that adds around 35 inches to a seatbelt. This suggestion reportedly made Bader feel “embarrassed” and like there is “clearly something wrong with me.” “Just make longer seatbelts, why is this an issue?” she fumed in the clip, which also garnered loads of sympathy online. Bader is perhaps best known for filming herself doing try-on hauls of popular brands from Zara to Abercrombie & Fitch. The model recently collaborated with Revolve on a size-inclusive clothing line slated to launch this fall, Yahoo reported. However, viewers sympathized far less with the plight of another plus-size flyer and travel blogger, Kirsty Leanne who filmed herself struggling to fit in a plane seat. Many critics even suggested that she buy two tickets or forgo flying altogether.