Jeffrey Epstein’s two private islands — commonly referred to as “Pedophile Island” due to allegations he sexually abused girls as young as age 11 there — is set to list for a whopping $125 million, The Post can confirm. Located in the US Virgin Islands, and known as Great St. James and Little St. James, the islands have been fairly untouched since Epstein’s death in 2019, according to the Wall Street Journal, which first reported this listing. Sources previously told The Post the island was expected to go for sale earlier this year. According to Epstein’s estate lawyer, Daniel Weiner, proceeds from the sale are expected to go toward resolving any outstanding lawsuits, regular costs of the island’s operations — and other fees including taxes, creditors, and liens placed on the properties by US Virgin Islands Attorney General Denise George. Weiner did not return a request for comment for this story. Past victims have described in detail trying to swim off the shore in the shark-infested waters, almost drowning to escape the abuse they faced at the hands of Epstein and his associates. Epstein purchased Little St. James, which spans over 70 acres, in 1998 for only $7.95 million at the time. Over the years, Epstein built Little St. James, which he referred to as “Little St. Jeff’s,” to include a villa with a library, a Japanese bathhouse and a movie theater. Initially the island had the main house, three guest cottages, a caretaker’s cottage, a private desalination system for potable water, a helipad and a dock. By 2008, Epstein’s estate on Little St. James had about 70 staff. In 2016, shortly before his arrest, he bought the larger Great St. James islands for $17.5 million. It spans nearly 90 acres. In 2020, prosecutors claimed that the disgraced financier had brought underage girls to these secluded islands by yacht or his private plane. Despite the already-hefty price tag, the two islands are estimated to be worth a combined $240 million today. A few days after his Aug. 10, 2019 death, FBI agents and NYPD officials raided Little St. James, which locals told authorities they had nicknamed “Pedophile Island.” New York-based brokerages Modlin Group and Bespoke Real Estate hold the listing in partnership with Christie’s International Real Estate The Saints. Modlin did not return a request for comment on the listing. Meanwhile, Epstein’s other properties in New York and Florida have found new buyers. His New Mexico ranch and Paris estate remain up for sale. Epstein was found dead of an apparent suicide at a New York detention center while awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges.