This is the Jameis Winston content the internet has been missing. The impending free agent QB brought back his bizarre workouts after undergoing surgery on the left ACL he tore Oct. 31 against the Buccaneers. On Wednesday, a new clip emerged on Twitter, that showed the Saints QB shaking like a leaf while trying to balance on an exercise ball. He held a football in throwing position while a trainer attempted to knock him off balance. Twitter had a field day with the visual, which showed a laser-focused Winston wobbling all over the place. But, he did manage to keep himself balanced. On Feb. 28, Winston ran for the first time since his ACL surgery. Since then, he’s been ramping up his cardio with a variety of drills, as seen in videos on social media. He hits free agency on March 16, and it’s unclear whether he’ll return to New Orleans. According to NFL Network, the Saints are going to “explore every option as it relates to that position, meaning the draft, trades and free agency.” Winston’s workouts have become fan favorites through the years. Last June, the quarterback had Twitter buzzing about a workout video that showed him dodging  dummy targets through fake pockets. While his footwork proved to be impressive in the video, it was the way he maneuvered through the targets that had fans questioning the drill. “What in the hell is he doing in this drill?!?” one fan tweeted. Another added, “What that actual f–k is this.” Winston defended himself in April 2020, after former Giants quarterback-turned-NFL analyst David Carr criticized his technique in another video. “Stop paying your friends to train you,” Carr said in response to the clip that showed Winston dodging an oversized speed bag controlled by his trainer. “Get some help. I’ve been in a lot of collapsing pockets and never once did I have defenders just flying at my head.” Carr continued, adding a crying-laughing emoji. Winston replied, “Hey bro I have nothing but love for you! Reach out to help or mind your business though. I’ve been working with my personal trainer since I was 14! We built this from the bottom and we’re still building. Treat others how you want to be treated bro! #Lahater #SocialDistancing.” Here are a couple more of Winston’s, um, interesting workout videos from over the years: