Over the last decade or two, leggings have become a staple in the modern-day closet. Wherever you look, women (and men) are strutting the streets in leggings — dressing them down with a pair of trendy sneakers while running errands or throwing on a faux leather pair with a chiffon tunic and their favorite tote bag. Whether you resisted the urge to fall in love the comfy pants over the years or you own way too many count, you clicked on this article for a reason. Ahead get the lowdown on all the best women’s leggings on Amazon.com, according to reviews. From butt lifting picks (like the TikTok loved scrunch butt leggings) to faux leather picks that won’t break the bank to even fleece-lined leggings to wear on early morning runs, we’ve got you covered with 10 awesome options for a variety of budgets. This list wouldn’t be complete without the famous scrunch butt leggings, made popular by TikTok — the SEASUM Leggings. According to the many users, these babies offer a natural butt lift like they’ve never experienced before. Plus, they come in a variety of colors and patterns, for less than $20. These buttery soft leggings feature four-way stretch, plus lightweight, moisture-wicking material that makes you feel like you’re wearing next to nothing. If you don’t already own a pair of faux leather leggings (and don’t want to shell out almost $100 for the Spanx pair) consider this option from Leggings Depot. They have more than 5,000 positive Amazon reviews and will spruce up any look in your closet. The Yeoreo leggings offer contours to flatter your body, stretchy and seamless knitted material, plus dozens of colors to choose from. This two-pack is as budget-friendly as it gets! For just $12 you’ll receive two ultra-soft, high-waisted, tummy control leggings. If you’re looking for a butt lift, consider the Mooslover V-Cross Leggings that offer a natural  elevation to your buttocks. Snag them in black or 20 different colors for your preference. For the gals that love the look of denim but despise the lack of comfort, consider going for this pair of jeggings. They come in white, black and blue “denim” and cost less than $20. What’s not to love? For an option that features pockets, go for the THE GYM PEOPLE High Waisted Leggings. They have thousands of reviews, come in dozens of colors and include a wide-waist elastic waistband to provide amazing tummy control and ensure they wont fall down even during the most intense workouts. Get four pairs of leggings for the price of one! The Campsnail pack comes in a variety of different color options and is made with durable material that’s created for high intensity exercise. Looking for leggings that will keep you warm? Consider a fleece-lined pair. The 90 Degree By Reflex fleece-lined leggings will keep you warm for hours when you’re outside but won’t overheat you when you’re indoors, either. The style comes in over 10 different colors, they have a pocket option and the interlock stitch design gives you maximum mobility. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.