A majority of American voters say President Joe Biden has made the economy worse, blaming him for skyrocketing gas prices and soaring inflation, according to a new poll released Thursday. Some 53 percent of registered voters polled said Biden has made the economy worse and a whopping 67 percent blamed him for current gas prices, the poll by Fox News said. On the question of the economy, 22 percent in the poll said Biden had made it better, while 24 percent said the administration hasn’t made much of a difference either way. The poll is the latest blow to Biden, who is seeing low approval ratings across the board and was viewed by more than half the country as weak in his response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in a separate survey released Thursday by the Associated Press/NORC. The Fox News poll showed Biden getting low marks on the economy and inflation, as Democrats face an uphill battle to hold onto control of Congress in this year’s midterm elections. Sixty-six percent disapprove of Biden’s handling of inflation, while 31 percent approve, the poll showed. The economy was ranked “poor” by 42 percent of those polled, while only 6 percent ranked it as “excellent,” the poll showed. The economy was ranked “good” and “only fair” by 20 percent and 32 percent of those polled, respectively. Some 67 percent of those polled said they have had to cut back on spending to afford necessities, while 56 percent viewed inflation as “not at all under control,” according to the poll. Despite Biden shouldering much of the blame for the prices, 68 percent also said Russian leader Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine was responsible for the prices, according to the poll. Overall, only 45 percent of those polled approved of Biden’s job performance while 54 percent disapproved, according to Fox. The poll was conducted March 18-21 and included 1,004 registered voters. The research was conducted under the joint direction of Beacon Research and Shaw & Company Research. It has a plus and minus sampling error of 3 percent.