Mayor Eric Adams will ease the city’s private-sector vaccination mandate so Nets star Kyrie Irving — and some possibly unvaccinated Mets and Yankees — can compete at home, a source familiar with the matter said Wednesday. Adams is expected to announce the reversal of his earlier stance on Thursday, the source told The Post. The move will cover Brooklyn’s Barclays Center, home to the Nets, as well as Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, the Mets’ Citi Field in Queens and Manhattan’s famed Madison Square Garden, home to both the Knicks and the Rangers, the source said. Yankees slugger Aaron Judge is widely suspected to be unvaccinated, and the Bombers are scheduled to face off against the rival Boston Red Sox at home on April 7, the opening day of Major League Baseball’s 2022 season. The Mets have their home opener against the Arizona Diamondbacks on April 15. In addition to pro athletes, Adams will also lift vaccination requirements for performers appearing at MSG and theaters on Broadway and elsewhere, the source said. Under the mandate that into effect on Dec. 27, Big Apple businesses have to require that their employees get vaccinated against COVID-19. As a result, Irving — who hasn’t been jabbed — has been barred from playing in home games. But a loophole allows visiting players to compete because their employers aren’t based in the city. Adams’s plan to close it was first reported by Politico. Just last week, Adams downplayed concerns by local sports fans — and The Post — that the mandate could cripple New York’s pro teams, saying, “Everyone that’s focusing on a sports area, they’re focusing on one person.” “I’m focused on 9 million people,” he insisted. “And so, I am not looking at one person, I’m looking at my city not closing down again, not having to deal with this crisis again.” Earlier Wednesday, Adams said that “the name of the game is that we were not going to be heavy-handed with the private-sector mandate.” “We want people to get back into office spaces, and we’re asking those who are the head of their companies to make sure that they create a safe environment for their employees,” he said during an unrelated news conference in Brooklyn, “That’s the goal, though, so we’re not going to run around the buildings and check vaccine cards.” But Adams said he needed to consult with the city’s lawyer about whether the mandate would prevent Irving, who is unvaccinated, from practicing with the Nets at the Hospital for Special Surgery Training Center in Brooklyn. “If Kyrie Irving is practicing — I’m not at the sports facility,” the mayor said. “The attorneys can tell us if he can practice or not, if it’s a violation of that or not.” He added: “I will speak with my attorney to find out if it is, or isn’t.” City Hall later said Irving was allowed to practice because the training center was never subject to vaccination requirements under the former “Key to NYC” program.“Gyms in private facilities were treated the same as gyms in private residences and were not subjected to the vaccination requirements,” an Adams spokesperson said. “That same provision remains in effect today and that’s what allows him to play at that facility.” Adams ended the Key to NYC program on March 7.