Their makeovers are almost too good to be true. Self-taught makeup artists are taking their looks from dowdy and drab to fierce and fab with bold maquillage maneuvers. Their transformations are so dramatic, they’ve earned the name “catfish” makeovers on TikTok because they almost seem like fake-outs. But they’re the real deal, relying on nothing more than skills, savvy and some great cosmetics. “Makeup is a one-size-fits-all accessory that can make anyone feel more confident and beautiful, no matter what they look like,” said Jordyn Lyne, 22, a plus-size and transgender beauty influencer based in England whose looks went viral last week. Here, she and two other catfish makeup artists share tips and tricks, whether you’re looking to make it big on social media or just want to look a bit fresher now that you’re back in the office. Plainfield, New Jersey, native Krystelle Lee, 40, kicks off her daily face-decoration by cleansing her skin with a $25 Paula’s Choice BHA Exfoliant. Proper exfoliation is key to successful makeup application, said Lee, who became a licensed cosmetologist in 2013 (but is not currently working as a professional makeup artist). Another go-to is ColourPop Pretty Fresh Hyaluronic Hydrating Foundation ($16). “It’s a smooth and affordable foundation that really gives off a natural look,” said Lee, who regularly shocks her 52,000 cyber fans with her eye-popping overhauls. But her most valued product is one that’s often overlooked by amateurs: eye primer. “It’s a must,” Lee told The Post of her cherished P.Louise Rumour Eye Base ($14). “It’s a cream that makes the eye shadow stay in place, and it will make the colors pop and look really vibrant.” It’s all about a great base with full, even coverage for Lyne, so she reaches for MAC Studio Fix Fluid foundation ($36), a favorite of industry professionals. “It’s a staple in my makeup,” Lyne, who has more than 695,000 TikTok followers, told The Post. She then paints her face with Bobbi Brown’s Cool Walnut Foundation Stick ($50), MAC Pro Longwear Concealer ($28) and Huda Beauty Easy Bake Loose Baking and Setting Powder ($19-$34). And her secret to keeping it all together: setting spray. “It keeps your makeup lasting all day and makes everything stay in place,” Lyne, from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, told The Post. She’s partial to the Morphe Continuous Setting Mist ($10) or Urban Decay’s All Nighter Setting Spray ($33). Either product is worth the price, she said. “It’s the best thing to invest in.” It’s takes over an hour and a half for mom of 2-year-old twins Sarah Andres to turn her scruffy mug into a gorgeous kisser. After popping in her clip-on veneers — prosthetics she’s worn since losing her front teeth during an ATV accident in 2017  — the digital-content creator from Alberta, Canada, layers her skin with the Nars Soft Matte Complete Foundation, which she says is “literally the best makeup” she has ever used. But when it comes to her top revamping trick, she says it’s all about her KVD Beauty Shade + Light Contour Palette ($50). “The key to my transformation is contour,” Andres, 35, told The Post. “It slims out your face and your nose, and it makes the biggest difference in your look.”