A celebrity jeweler says his ex-girlfriend has threatened to hurt him and made false police reports against him following their break-up and a prior lawsuit, new court papers allege. Jeweler Leon Glore – whose clients include 50 Cent and “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” personality Scott Disick – says he and Paige Restivo broke up last August after dating for roughly a year in a glamorous relationship replete with “expensive gifts, expensive vacations and expensive jewelry,” according to a Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit from Tuesday. After the split, Glore ended up bringing a since-settled lawsuit against Restivo claiming she owed him $100,000 in jewelry that he provided to her on consignment for her own business “Shop Paige NYC,” the filing says. But Glore claims that since the break up and his lawsuit, Restivo has used her current boyfriend to threaten him and she has made false reports against him with the police, the suit alleges. “Defendant has no regard or respect for the law and only sees the justice system as a tool to perpetuate her vindictive agenda,” the suit charges. Glore, “has continuously been harassed, extorted and had his life threatened since his relationship has ended with [Restivo]” the suit claims. For instance, during a Sept. 7 video call between Restivo and Glore, Restivo’s new boyfriend Victor Paterno told Glore that “he is a dangerous guy and that [Glore] would suffer consequences if he would proceed to sue [Restivo],” before flashing a gun, the suit claims. Glore reported the incident to the police and Paterno is still wanted in the incident, the lawsuit claims. Soon after on Sept. 19, Glore discovered that Restivo made a false complaint against him with the police which Glore was able to disprove. Restivo also took out an order of protection against Glore, the suit claims. On Oct. 21, when Glore was outside his Manhattan apartment building “two men who appear to have firearms attacked him,” with one punching him in the face while saying “this is for Victor Paterno and Paige Restivo,” the suit alleges. One of the men was arrested and pleaded guilty for that attack, the suit says. After finally settling the lawsuit with Restivo Nov. 1 and believing “this horror story was behind him,” Glore found out the next day that Restivo made another false claim with the police and that there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest in that case, the suit alleges. The detective was brought up to date with Restivo’s alleged “attempts to have [Glore] arrested under false pretenses,” and the cop decided not to arrest Glore, the filing claims. But there is still an investigation card that shows up on Glore’s record in connection with that open case, the suit says. Glore told The Post that he moved to Miami Beach, Florida and hired a security guard following the threats from Restivo and her alleged cronies. “The past six to eight months have been the worst I have endured in my life,” Glore said. “I have had multiple weeks of sleepless nights. When I first got the phone call when [Paterno] threatened me – I didn’t leave my house,  I didn’t eat, I lost so much weight.” “I don’t know what [Restivo] is capable of,” Glore said. “I’m so scared that I live in Florida now.” “I’m scared to go back there. I have a business but I don’t want to go back because I don’t know what she is capable of,” he said.  “Everywhere I go I have a security guard with me.” “I just want to be left alone,” Glore said. “No one should be able to use the criminal justice system as a tool for their own personal agenda especially when it’s false,” Glore’s lawyer Nicholas Dayan told The Post. Restivo didn’t respond to a message sent to her company. Her lawyer in the first lawsuit didn’t immediately return a request for comment. Paterno’s criminal lawyer didn’t immediately return a request for comment.