A day after adding to their offense, the Jets began addressing their defense on Tuesday … and anyone who watched the team last season knows there is plenty to address. General manager Joe Douglas began remaking his secondary, agreeing to deals with a cornerback and safety. First, the Jets reached an agreement with former Seahawks cornerback D.J. Reed on a three-year, $33 million deal, according to a source. A short time later, they struck a deal with former Buccaneers safety Jordan Whitehead on a two-year, $14.5 million deal, according to a source. The two moves bolster a secondary that was part of an atrocious pass defense last season. The Jets were the worst defense overall in terms of points and yards allowed. They were 30th in the NFL in passing yards allowed and intercepted just seven passes, and two of those were by defensive linemen. The additions of Reed and Whitehead provides two proven starters in the back end after going with a youth movement in 2021. Reed figures to start at one outside cornerback spot while last year’s starters, Bryce Hall and Brandin Echols, compete for the other starting spot. Whitehead should start alongside Lamarcus Joyner at safety. The 25-year-old Reed knows the Jets’ system. He was a fifth-round pick of the 49ers in 2018 when Jets coach Robert Saleh was the San Francisco defensive coordinator. Reed played under Saleh for two years before spending the past two years with the Seahawks. He started 14 games for Seattle last year and had two interceptions, one fumble recovery and 78 tackles. He has started 24 games and played in 55 in his career. He has four career interceptions. Pro Football Focus ranked Reed the eighth best cornerback out of the 116 it graded. The Jets started second-year player Hall and rookie Echols on the outside at corner last year, with rookie Michael Carter II at nickel. They liked what they got out of their young players but knew they needed to add someone at the position. They also could still draft a cornerback to strengthen the position even further. Whitehead was a fourth-round pick of the Buccaneers in 2018. He started 55 regular-season games in four years for Tampa Bay and has five career interceptions. PFF graded him as its 27th best safety out of 92. Whitehead, 24, also knows what winning looks like after winning Super Bowl LV with the Bucs in 2020. The Jets are expected to let Marcus Maye leave in free agency, leaving a starting spot open at safety. The team re-signed Joyner, and he could be the starter alongside Whitehead. The Jets also have been connected to Notre Dame safety Kyle Hamilton in many mock drafts as a potential prospect with the No. 4 pick in next month’s draft. The chances of Hamilton being drafted by the Jets decreased after the Whitehead move, though. Whitehead is the cousin of Jets legend Darrelle Revis and hails from Aliquippa, Pa., like Revis, and also attended the same college, Pittsburgh. Douglas has had a productive two days in the NFL free-agency negotiating window. He added guard Laken Tomlinson and tight end C.J. Uzomah to the offense on Monday, as well as bringing back wide receiver/kick returner Braxton Berrios and running back Tevin Coleman. That should bolster the offense around second-year quarterback Zach Wilson. The additions of Whitehead and Reed help fix what was an abysmal defense last year. The Jets still need to add an interior defensive lineman after losing Folorunso Fatukasi to the Jaguars in free agency. They also could be in the market for another wide receiver, especially with prices starting to drop. Bears free agent Allen Robinson is still available. You have to wonder if the Jets would go after Robinson if the price falls into an area they would be comfortable paying. All deals with free agents from other teams are unofficial until 4 p.m. Wednesday, when the new league year begins and contracts can be signed.