Apologies to Miss Kardashian — the soon-to-be ex Mme. West or former Mrs. Ye, or whatever she’s called. To me, her current adored temp, Pete Davidson, has the sex appeal of a frog in heat. And I don’t care what she ends up calling me. He’s now buying into the Pebble Bar which used to be Hurley’s which is at 30 Rock. And he’s not the first NBC guy looking to own the joint. Tom Snyder’s longtime producer Michael Horowicz remembers when “Tomorrow” show host Snyder and weatherman Frank Field agreed to buy Hurley’s for $50,000. Late 1970, the night before the deal closed, Snyder tracked Field in the hallway with, “What the hell are we doing? We know nothing about running a bar!” So they backed out. Then it was only $50,000 for the whole joint. Its price now, who knows — for sure it cost more than Kim’s butt filler. The G7 countries — US, UK, France, Italy, Germany, Canada, Japan — meet annually and alternate hosting. Last year, England. June 2022, it’s Schloss Elmau in Bavaria. In 2015, Obama, Merkel, Cameron & Co. met there. This time’s a first time for a second time. The Alps location affords complete security. Opened 1916, Schloss Elmau became a WW2 rest home for wounded officers, later a refuge for Holocaust survivors. Dietmar Mueller-Elmau, grandson of the founder, has since added a concert hall, two-star Michelin restaurant, eight spas, enough suites to bed even a sleepy Martian and seven outdoor 95-degree pools. One’s exclusively for naked bathing. If Biden splashes in it, who would know — because who would look? Of-B’way’s new redesigned Playhouse 46 at St. Luke’s opens in April with Brit musical “Islander.” Being near Joe Allen’s it’s ideal for a snack, a drink or intermission tinkle . . . To help elect him president, Florida’s Gov. Ron DeSantis would sign the new “Don’t Say Gay” bill. Teachers now can’t talk about anything “gay.” He claims that influences kids. So drag queens — clutching their pearls — may invite him to NYC’s Pride Parade. Even pay for this honorary queen’s hair, makeup and dress. His drag name will be his grandma’s first name combined with the last sweet thing that he ate. Are we a great country or what?! Putin. Marxist or Communist? Neither. Fascist. A murdering dictator feeding his ambition. A dictator’s hunger is never satisfied. Hitler’s justification — Bolshevik Jews a threat to Christian Aryans — made as much sense as Putin invading Ukraine. In the ’40s, Hitler fought Leningrad. Same way Putin destroys Ukraine cities. Shell it, surround it, starve it. Hungry people consumed pigeons, household rats. There was cannibalism. Furniture, clothes, books were burned for warmth. Ration cards brought theft and murder. 1932, when Ukraine did not fulfill Stalin’s need for grain, he shipped 50,000 Ukrainians to Siberia. The estimate was 4 million deaths. Jan. 27, 1944, after nearly 900 days, Leningrad — where Putin’s brother was killed — saw freedom. The Nazis had killed 800,000 civilians. Putin has claimed Ukraine should be grateful to Russia for liberating them from the Nazis. He’s forgotten history. Our New York archbishop just lost his mother. Much loved and well taken care of, she was in her 90s. A very devoted son, he always talked about her, to her and phoned her constantly. Every three months Timothy Cardinal Dolan would fly home to see his mom. His Eminence is there as we speak.