“One Tree Hill” alum Hilarie Burton has many fond memories from starring on the hit WB/CW teen show in the 2000s. But there is one thing in particular that the 39-year-old remembers quite vividly. She revealed on Monday’s episode of the “Drama Queens” podcast that she was “uncomfortable” when filming sex scenes that showed off her feet. Why? Because the former MTV VJ would often receive prison mail from jailers who were obsessed with her toes. Burton referenced the 2005 Season 2 episode, “Somewhere a Clock Is Ticking,” which features her character Peyton Sawyer having relations with her beau Jake Jagielski (Bryan Greenberg). “There was a couple dudes in particular that were like, ‘I’m gonna cut your feet off and put them in my refrigerator,'” the “Walking Dead” actress told hosts and “OTH” co-stars, Sophia Bush and Bethany Joy Lenz. She added that the letters she got were “very specific” in nature and she also began obtaining these so-called love notes when started working for MTV in the early 2000s. She continued, “And I had a thing about my feet on TV. I would always try to, like, hide my feet because I was just like, ‘I don’t want them to think I’m baiting them,’ you know?” During filming for the episode, Burton said the director, Billy Dickson, desired to shoot the intimate scene from an angle that showed “our feet and like our legs rubbing together” with the camera “coming up our bodies.” However, Burton thought the direction was “way too adult” for a teen show about high schoolers. She decided to listen to Dickson and positioned herself for the shot because “it’s so much harder to say ‘no’ to someone who you like and respect than it is to say it to a total stranger who’s just coming in to direct for 10 days.” “Back then, it was on film and you just had to trust what was going on on the monitor was what you asked for,” Burton said. She also noted that she begged the crew not to start the scene with the shot of her feet. While she was notified that it would be blurred during the editing process, her feet wound up being fully seen in the shot. “One Tree Hill” aired from 2003 until 2012. Burton left the show after the sixth season alongside star Chad Michael Murray. Burton revealed in a 2009 interview with Entertainment Weekly following her exit, that her decision to leave the drama was not a “rash” one, describing her friendship with Murray, 40. “Chad and I are good friends,” she told EW. “I won’t speak for him, but it was not a rash decision on either of our parts. He’s very compassionate toward the show and the fans. It’s not an easy decision, but we’ve got to be grown-ups sometimes.” For Murray’s part, the Los Angeles Times reported that same year that he departed due to contract negotiations.