Rebel Wilson shocked and wowed the BAFTAs audience at the annual British awards show back in 2016 and 2020. But when she returned to host the 2022 BAFTAs on March 13, the love for her humor wasn’t brought back with her. The Twitterverse noted throughout the night that Wilson, 42, wasn’t a very good host and took to the social media platform to share their thoughts. The Australian actress joked about her dramatic weight loss, quipped about dating Robert Pattinson, James Bond and took shots at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s bombshell 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. But fans weren’t having it. “Rebel Wilson is the worst host for this omg,” one fan tweeted on Sunday. “Whenever Rebel Wilson makes a joke,” another added alongside a gif of a rolling tumbleweed. One person asked, “Can we all agree that Rebel Wilson is just not funny?” Piers Morgan chimed in with his two cents, writing: “I’m cringing so violently watching Rebel Wilson attempt to host the #BAFTAs that I fear my eye sockets may explode.” “As an Aussie I’m not really interested in #BAFTA2022 but on behalf of Australia I would like to apologise for Rebel Wilson’s hosting,” someone lamented. “@BAFTA 5 minutes in I’ve turned off!” another viewer complained. “Rebel Wilson, crass, embarrassingly unfunny. Surely there was someone better than a 2nd rate actress to front this award show.” Someone else wondered aloud: “#BAFTA2022 I wish Rebel Wilson would literally just walk on, introduce the next award and walk off. The audience are having to constantly be polite and clap and laugh at her poor jokes. She is so not funny.” In response to the “Bridesmaids” star’s monologue, they added, “With the amount of terribly offensive things she passed off as jokes- the audience should have refused to clap, or fake laugh. Just let her fall flat.” During her opening monologue, she acknowledged her “transformation” since hosting in 2020 and said that people have been asking her why she wanted to decrease her size. “Clearly it was to get the attention of Robert Pattinson,” she quipped. “I didn’t lose weight just to get a guy, I did it to get more acting roles. Now I can play the non-funny love interest in an Adam Sandler film.” 