President Biden is considering giving Ukraine so-called “kamikaze drones” that can demolish tanks from up to 25 miles away as part of more than $1 billion in military aid, according to a report. Two congressional officials told NBC News that the commander-in-chief is mulling sending the war-torn nation lethal US-made Switchblade drones — which the US has so far only used in secret. It could be part of the latest offer of $800 million in aid that Biden is expected to make at 11:45 a.m. today, soon after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s scheduled landmark virtual address to Congress. There are two Switchblades available — with the larger, 50-pound 600 model carrying an anti-armor warhead capable of destroying tanks and other armored vehicles while controlled from a tablet. The Switchblade 600 can “loiter” in the air for more than 40 minutes, allowing it to stealthily travel 25 miles — then dart at its target at up to 115 mph, according to its maker, AeroVironment. A smaller Switchblade 300 weighs only 5.5 pounds — and is able to home in and kill troops from more than 6 miles away, the company said. The US has used the Switchblade in combat in Afghanistan, but has never publicized it, sources familiar with the matter told NBC News. AeroVironment did not comment to NBC News about its report, but tweeted a promotional video hailing its devices on the same day. The Washington, DC-based company also posted a statement on its website saying that it “stands with the people of Ukraine.” “Ukraine and our eastern European allies need these solutions now to win against the Russian military and strategically deter future aggression,” said the company, calling itself “the world leader in small unmanned aircraft systems.” “We stand ready to support you today,” its statement to Ukraine stated. A White House official said Biden will unveil another $800 million worth of military aid, expected to include more of the anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles that have helped slow Russia’s three-week-old invasion to a crawl. The package will bring “the total (aid) announced in the last week alone to $1 billion,” said the official, with the total this year at least $1.2 billion. In his address to Congress, Zelensky is expected to yet again implore the US to send more weapons, having repeatedly also denounced the West’s refusal to close the airspace over his war-torn nation. While offering money and sanctions, Biden has been hesitant to offer any military assistance that could inflame tensions with Russia and spark direct conflict with the US. The administration is also wary of sending pioneering weaponry where it could fall into enemy hands and be used against Ukraine and ultimately even NATO, sources told NBC. The Biden administration declined to comment, the broadcaster said. With Post wires