Dramatic bodycam video captured the moment a New York state trooper fatally shot a Pennsylvania motorist in downtown Buffalo after a lengthy chase at speeds of more than 100 mph, according to a report. Trooper Anthony Nigro IV shot and killed James Huber, 38, of North East, Pa., in the area of East Eagle and Washington streets on Feb. 12, the Buffalo News reported. The deadly incident occurred after troopers tried to stop Huber, who was driving erratically on I-90 and then on I-190. On Wednesday, state Attorney General Letitia James released three videos of the encounter, two of which show the inside of the troopers’ vehicles during the pursuit. The third shows the ensuing deadly shooting. Nigro is seen holding his gun in front of him as he walks toward Huber’s car, yelling at the driver to get out as he uses expletives. Huber, who remained seated in the vehicle, was seen turning his face away from Nigro, who yells, “Get out! Get out!” The driver replies, “Go away,” and refuses to get out as he reaches for something inside the vehicle. The trooper then reaches inside with his left hand to grab the hood on Huber’s sweatshirt while holding his weapon in the other hand near the man’s head.“Get the…,” Nigro says before he fires twice and appears to fall to the ground as the car lurches backward. “7415. Shots fired!” he is heard saying on his radio before running on Eagle toward Washington Street. The other videos captured the pursuit, which began on the Thruway in Brant at about 10:38 a.m., and reached speeds over 100 mph.At Exit 53, Huber allegedly struck a state police vehicle and continued north on I-190 toward downtown. After the shooting, Nigro called for an ambulance and said the “driver’s been hit. I’m fine.” When he peers inside the car, which is turned over on its passenger side, the trooper says, “You dumb-ass.” The state Attorney General’s Office said the videos were released to the public “in order to increase transparency and strengthen public trust in these matters.” The statement added: “The release of this footage is not an expression of any opinion as to the guilt or innocence of any party in a criminal matter or any opinion as to how or whether any individual may be charged with a crime.” Cary Arnold, a Pennsylvania woman who had a daughter with Huber 18 years ago, has told the Buffalo News she believes he may have been heading for the Peace Bridge rally in support of truckers protesting Canada’s COVID-19 vaccine mandates when the chase began. A GoFundMe drive for Huber’s burial says that Huber “has kids who now have to bury their dad and live life without a father.” A New York State Police rep told The Post that Nigro remains on active duty.