Amid tanking poll numbers, President Biden​ will deliver his first State of the Union speech Tuesday night, marking a first year in office that has been punctuated by a 40-year-high rate of inflation, a sluggish economy, deep divisions over coronavirus restrictions and the largest military crisis in Europe since the Cold War with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Here’s what to know about the address: Biden will deliver his remarks at 9 p.m. in the House chamber. The speech is scheduled to be broadcast by all networks, ABC, NBC and CBS, as well as cable news channels, CNN, Fox News and MSNBC. The White House will stream the speech at https://www.whitehouse.gov/state-of-the-union-2022/​. It will also air on Hulu, Roku, YouTube TV, Amazon Fire tablets and TV stick, Xumo, Sling TV, Facebook​ and Twitter​. No. Biden spoke to a joint session of Congress on April 28, the eve of his 100th day in the White House, but it is not considered a State of the Union address because he had not been in office for a year. The focus of Biden’s speech last year was on the coronavirus, but ​Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has overtaken other events. White House press secretary Jen Psaki said the president will talk about how the world has united in support of Ukraine, rapidly imposing sanctions against Russia for its military assault. “I think there’s no question that, in the State of the Union, the American people and anybody watching around the world will hear the president talk about the efforts he has led over the past several months to build a global coalition to fight — fight against the autocracy and the efforts of [Russian] President [Vladimir] Putin to invade a foreign country. That is certainly something that is present in all of our lives and certainly in the president’s life in this moment,” she said on ABC News’ “This Week.” She also said Biden will address inflation, “about prices and cutting costs in a way to help working families.” A White House official told The Post that the president will also talk about the $2 trillion Build Back Better Act that was killed last year in Congress by moderate Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV). “On Build Back Better, I think what you can expect the president to lay out tomorrow is how his plan — the ideas he’s put forward — lowers costs for families, can reduce the deficit and say that it’s time for Congress to act, it’s time for Congress to get him a piece of legislation that addresses those core challenges for families right now,” the official said. There will be two. Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds is expected to deliver the traditional Republican response. And in a first, Rep. Rashida Talib (D-Mich.) will speak on behalf of the progressive Working Families Party — a decision that has angered centrist Democrats. Biden’s approval ratings have hovered near or below 40 percent, and a CNN poll on Monday found that 58 percent of Americans have little trust in his ability to make the correct decision about Ukraine. All members of the House and Senate have been invited to the address this year, compared to last year, when seating was limited because of the pandemic. And lawmakers won’t have to don a mask after the US Capitol’s physician lifted the mandate Sunday.