The Issue: The Biden administration’s decision not to deliver Polish MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine. The Biden administration’s excuse for refusing to transfer fighter jets to Ukraine rings hollow (“Zel’s Air Rage At Biden,” March 10). During Vietnam, Russia supplied North Vietnam with planes and pilots. We all know this, but Democrats seem to have short memories. It seems this conflict is going to escalate no matter what we do or don’t do. This administration has no credibility at all. Shame on all of them. James SantucciWatertown, Conn. President Biden, stop listening to your senior advisers and pay attention to the pleas of President Volodymyr Zelensky. He needs the Polish jets to stop the insane Vladimir Putin from murdering all of Ukraine. Think back to when President Franklin Roosevelt gave Winston Chur­chill 50 warships under the Lend-Lease program in 1940 to fight Nazi Germany. That program helped Britain to survive and defeat Adolf Hitler. Just remember: After Ukraine, Putin could go after Poland, Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and all the Baltic nations. Edward RankinFloral Park The Western world stands by while a mad dictator murders thousands of Ukrainians, creating a humanitarian refugee crisis with 2 million people, including children, fleeing in terror without food, water, medicine and clothing during the winter. The world appeased Hitler in 1939. Don’t any of our so-called leaders remember the consequences? Does the possession of nuclear weapons by a nation, and the implied possibility of their use, entitle it to invade and destroy a neighbor? Biden and the other NATO leaders should hang their heads in shame. Thomas MurphyManorville Biden claims that allowing Ukrainian pilots to fly MiGs from Poland would be a provocation. Russia bombing 18 hospitals and killing newborns isn’t provocative? M. KleinNew Hyde Park Poland is part of NATO and it should be able to utilize its jets as it wishes. The more you show fear to Putin, the more empowered he feels. Isn’t he the aggressor? If the White House reacted immediately with sanctions while Putin was readying his invasion, maybe he would have thought twice before this atrocity began. Is Biden going to wait until all Ukrainians are massacred? Robert LeavyMiddle Village Why is Biden refusing to deliver surplus Polish jet planes to the Ukrainians? How is delivering the jets to Ukrainian pilots at Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany any different from delivering armaments to Ukraine’s air force at Amari Air Base in Estonia — or delivering armaments to the Ukrainians at the Polish and Romanian borders? Biden refuses to deliver essential armaments to Ukraine and capitulates to Putin, again. William FidurskiClark, NJ The possibility that Putin could order the use of chemical or biological weapons against Ukraine will definitely be a game-changer in how NATO will be involved. NATO must transfer those Polish jets to Ukraine now, and stop hemming and hawing about it. John AmatoQueens It’s time for our president to stop making mistakes at every turn. From shutting down the Keystone Pipeline, which would probably have been operational by now, to abject failure in the botched evacuation of Afghanistan, to the horrifying mess at our southern border, he has been wrong at every turn. Three more years of his “leadership” terrifies me. His latest decision to withhold jets Poland wants to give the Ukrainians seems utterly cowardly and, yet again, wrong. When will his mistakes end? Rick MeyerPinehurst, NC Mr. President, grow a pair. Ukrainians are dying. Let them have the Polish jets. Give them a chance. John NoltyWest Kill Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.