Tom Brady ended his 40-day retirement this month to rejoin the Buccaneers — but that hasn’t stopped rumors from floating around that the quarterback will jump ship and swim south to the Dolphins. On Thursday, Dale Arnold of NESN tweeted that he “would not be surprised” if Brady “didn’t play for @Buccaneers next season,” adding, “try a little further South.” He then followed up with a note about one of Brady’s beloved targets – free agent Rob Gronkowski, and how the tight end “hasn’t resigned” with Tampa Bay yet. Later in the day Thursday, Arnold – who was first to report the Brady-Buccaneers union in 2020 — apparently elaborated on his original tweet to WEEI’s “Merloni & Fauria,” reporting how the parties involved are “working on it.” Despite the Dolphins buzz, it seems like Brady is staying put, according to The Athletic’s Jeff Howe, who said Thursday evening that “there’s nothing happening” between Miami and Brady. Howe added how the 44-year-old has also “been recruiting free agents to the Bucs.” Brady announced in February he planned to step away from the game after 22 seasons, the final two of which he played for Tampa Bay. He then changed course this month, with Buccaneers brass expressing how excited they are to have the quarterback back in the fold. “It’s been an awesome two years,” Buccaneers GM Jason Licht said this week on “Mad Dog Sports Radio,” per the Tampa Bay Times. “And now hopefully three-plus years — if not more than three — with him.” This isn’t the first time Brady has been linked to the Dolphins, as Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk reported in February how Miami wanted to pursue the seven-time Super Bowl champ, along with former Saints coach Sean Payton, for 2022. The plan, per PFT, was scrapped, however, following Brian Flores’ lawsuit against the NFL, which included the Dolphins, Broncos, and Giants. The Dolphins hired Mike McDaniel, the 49ers’ former offensive coordinator, as their head coach in February, with quarterback Tua Tagovailoa entering his third NFL season. As for Gronkowski, who joined Brady in Tampa Bay after spending the first nine years of his career in New England, it remains to be seen if he’ll suit up for 2022. Last week, he said “it’s a very good chance” he’ll be back, but quipped about making Brady sweat it out.