New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of an epic lineup of NCAA Basketball.  Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The peak of the College Basketball calendar is almost here, and teams across the country are fighting for their place at the NCAA tournament. The SEC tournament continues today, as No.1 seeds Auburn take on Texas A&M. The Aggies needed overtime to beat Florida in their second-round game, and the Tigers will pose a much bigger threat. Vanderbilt upset Alabama on the other side of the draw, and now face Kentucky. The semifinals of the ACC are set, and Virginia Tech is flying. The No.7 seeds upset Notre Dame, but face a tough North Carolina side in the semi-finals. It’s as it should be for Duke, who comfortably prevailed over Syracuse, and take on Miami in their semifinal. Colorado booked their place in the Pac-12 semifinals, but now take on the No. 2 in the nation Arizona Wildcats in the semifinals. If the Buffaloes could win here, the result would shock the country. Arizona is looking for their first Pac-12 tournament title in three years, and an upset would be mind-blowing. Caesars is combining two fantastic sports this weekend and is giving all customers an easy way to claim a free bet. Simply Place a $50+ wager with -150 or longer odds on The Players Championship, and receive a $25 free bet to use on college basketball. 21+, T&Cs apply An easy way to grab yourself $100 in free bets, simply refer your friend with our unique referral link, and after they’ve deposited $50, you will receive $100 in free bets. One of the best referral schemes of any sportsbooks out there, with a limit of ten friends you can refer.