Be it a beach bag, a hiking pack or a crossbody for a cross-country adventure, every traveler needs a tote to match their luggage. Or, more specifically, a travel bag that fits the needs of the traveler and the type of trip. There is nothing worse that not having the right things when on vacation, and that includes a bag that is too bulky to lug around the resort, or too small to hold the necessities. The only thing worse is getting your bag stolen or being pick-pocketed. That’s why our list below has theft-proof bags as well as a variety of other vacation-ready packs, helping to keep your belongings safe so you can enjoy your time off. Read on for an assortment of TSA-approved, travel-ready purses and bags that will have you ready to stamp your passport or hit the road for Spring and Summer 2022. Travel with peace of mind, and this bag from Amazon. The Travelon brand bag is made with slash-resistant fabric to prevent thieves from cutting the straps, as well as an RFID-blocking compartment for credit cards and passports. The bag can also be converted from a crossbody to a backpack-style bag, letting you change how you wear it depending on the situation. Stay secure but also fashion-forward with a bag from Baggallini. This set includes a larger crossbody and a mini wallet to go inside, each with awesome security features. They both have locking zipper closures as well as a slash-proof front panel. The wallet is made with RFID-blocking fabric to protect credit cards and other scannable valuables. This versatile bag is a great option for anyone on the go. The Calpak belt bag can be worn across the chest or around your waist, looping through your belt-loops for added security if needed. The bag also has a hidden exterior pocked for easy access and comes in an array of fun colors for the season. Everyone loves the Everywhere Belt Bag. We even wrote a whole story on this one, making it a great travel purse for this list. The bag can be worn around your waist or chest, and comes with a zipper closure for added security. This baby backpack is as cute as it is useful. The mini Herschel Nova Crossbody is a great travel option, as you can wear it on your front to always have eyes on your belongings. It’s also small enough to give you a full range of motion, while still being able to hold a phone, small wallet, a pair of sunglasses and other small necessities. When your adventure calls for more items, pack up this Carryall Bag from Dagne Dover and get going. The Landon style is perfect for a short weekend getaway or even a day trip, packing whatever you need in the water-resistant bag with a safe zipper closure. Pack safe and sound with Pacsafe. This travel-friendly brand is sold on Amazon, with a variety of bags and backpacks to choose from. We love this purse, as it can be converted from a shoulder bag to a crossbody with an included strap and comes with RFID-blocking pockets, lockable zippers and more safety features. When you pack light, everyone wins. This Lite Tote from Bellroy helps you pack all the essentials without the added weight of the bag itself. It’s made of 100% recycled PET plastic bottles and has a zipper closure for safety, plus an inner zipper pocket and reinforced zippers. For a stylish purse that just so happens to be travel-safe, head to Hammitt. This bag comes with both an outer zipper and an inside zipper, keeping your belongings safe. There is also an easy-to-access back pocket, keeping it’s contents close to you at all times. Don’t be afraid to take your nice camera on vacation with this bag. Sold at Madewell, the camera bag can hold your camera as well as other valuable items, inside either the snap-closure front pocket or the safer zippered inside pocket. For the voyage of the season, pack up and into this TUMI bag. Sold at Saks OFF Fifth, the tote bag is on sale for more than $100 off. Get it while you still can, noting the safe zipper closure on top and the amount of space you’ll have to pack into. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.