Behind every bad boy is a good woman. Enter Will and Jada Pinkett Smith, one of Hollywood’s longest-lasting married couples. Marriage in Hollywood is very rarely easy. Many celebrity couples in the spotlight deal with a whirlwind of factors that end up tearing them apart. Yet, finding a way to navigate this storm is something that can be done. Will, 53, has been one of the biggest stars in the world for decades — catapulted to iconic status from “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.” His relationship with his wife, Jada, 50, has also been open to public scrutiny for quite some time — having gone through a separation, affair “entanglements” and, finally, the choice to reunite once again. Living unapologetically and authentically has become increasingly important to them as they realized the media will pry into every area of their lives whether or not they want it to. Speaking publicly about battling addiction and exploring recreational drug use, as well as delving into their sex life and polyamory, the Smiths have taken ownership of their eccentric lifestyle without fear of what others have to say. Happily now within an open marriage, the two have found a way to remain at the top of their game, living the life they wish to on the red carpet as well as privately. Shepherding their children — Jaden and Willow Smith — to be entirely free to explore life and sexuality, the pair are no longer bound by the fear of polarizing the media. In fact, they appear to be the ones now pulling the strings! So what cosmic factors in their astrology have brought this fascinating relationship together and what lies ahead? Take a deep dive into their love story with me because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Will Smith was born on Sept. 25, 1968. This makes him a social Libra Sun with a tremendously passionate Scorpio Moon. His birth time listed online shows that he’s a Gemini Ascendant, but since he hasn’t given that to me directly (get at me!), let’s instead sidestep a potentially erroneous birth time to instead focus on what we do, in fact, know. The first thing that I’ve noticed right off the bat is that his chart is incredibly huddled between Virgo, Libra and Scorpio — clustered in one area of the sky significantly. He is dominated by Earth and Air elemental placements, which shows us that he is a very deep thinker who thrives in communication and mental perception but also simultaneously knows how to make things happen. He loves to connect with others — and obviously entertain — but he also has a very deep level of being fascinated by the nuances of life and likes to analyze everything in detail. His emotions run extremely deep and he certainly has a dramatic side to him that he displays in his personal relationships, but it takes him a great deal to unleash this as he ultimately likes to be poised, reserved and balanced. He has great judgment and has a tremendous amount of humility. One thing caught my eye right away: how his Sun is in a close union with Uranus, the planet of freedom and eccentricity. This means that at the base of who he is, he needs freedom and has no problem breaking from convention. This rebellious nature likely led him to feel controlled and somewhat unpredictable when he was younger, but as he’s aged, it has helped him to become an independent thinker who is futuristic in outlook. His Moon links with Pluto, the planet of transformation, showing that he becomes very intense in his relationships and has a desire to break through the limitations his upbringing and the world has imposed upon him. His individuality, which may have, at one time earlier in his life, made him feel insecure, has become a source of his greatest personal happiness and victory. Oh, and his natural charm? Yes, that’s all over his birth chart too. With his Moon in a gorgeous dance with Jupiter, the planet of optimism, and his Mercury, ruling his sense of communication, in the exact same place as Venus, the planet of attraction, this is why he leaves people spellbound. He’s friendly and he’s kind, which is why he is ultimately so relatable (even if people can’t relate to his personal lifestyle choices). Jada Pinkett Smith was born on Sept. 18, 1971. This makes her an analytical Virgo Sun with a focused Virgo Moon. Since she was born on a new moon, we know that she is prone to self-re-creation over and over in this lifetime. Her birth time listed online denotes that she is a fiery Sagittarius Ascendant (TBH, I see it so believe this time). Just like her husband, her predominant elements are Earth and Air. She, too, has many planets huddled between Virgo and Libra, bringing her a calculating mind but one that ultimately desires fairness and balance, no matter what. The first thing I notice in her chart is how many powerful outer planetary alignments speak of great transformation that she demands, both in her personal life throughout her lifetime, but how she can also enact it on a world stage. She is magnetic and feminine, yet powerful and bold. She is immensely strong-willed and a nonconformist at the deepest of levels, always eager to pursue, expand and create her own code of ethics and morality. To say she is a visionary free spirit is an understatement, as it is her mission in life to be courageous and pioneer new ideas into being. Yet, while sometimes this energy can be seen by others as just rocking the boat, the fact that so many of her planetary aspects speak of luck, charm, beauty and elegance reveals the fact that this is why she gets away with it. She is fascinating and disarming. Her levels of ambition and innate hunger for power are great, with her self-confidence propelling her to overcome her fears and inspire others around her in the process. She cannot be kept in a box, and if she is, she will tear down those walls and set that house on fire. Come to me, Will and Jada. Let us peer beyond the veil into the spirit that lives within you. Are these two compatible? Hell yes, they are. My compatibility rating for them is nine out of 10. Why? Because there’s just so, so, so much about them that complements the other while also helping them grow. Stagnant? Never. As soon as things got frigid, drama hit the fan! First off, their Ascendants match perfectly upon one another’s sector of marriage. In many ways, they’re pure yin-yang energy. Also, with so many planets huddled together in Virgo and Libra, they share a tremendous amount of conjunctions that fuse their energy together seamlessly. This is a couple that craves tremendous levels of transformation and rebirth, and the fact that they both understand that about each other on such a deep level reveals that they recognize that they can use that power for the betterment of one another — and the world. Passion? Sex? Romance? Love. Yes, this is a kinky and exhilarating rapport that they share with all of the makings of a forever connection. However, the thing that I think is the most fascinating about the pair is the way their charts overlay to show that, in a sense, it’s as if they were both meant to be a power couple. They inspire one another and work together as a team when it comes to their plans, businesses and initiatives in a way that true power couples always do. I just love when two people’s charts align so beautifully because when you’re mirror images of one another, you have patterns that echo one another, too — particularly around eclipses and important planetary energy. In 2022, Will shall have a tremendously wonderful time, with a celebratory energy even dancing into the first half of 2023. Personal and professional victories will arise for him, almost in a regard where he’s feeling like some lifelong dreams are coming true. Shifts around income and assets are likely to take place, bringing him a sense of security and joy that he can share with those he loves. As for Jada, she will also enjoy 2022 quite a great deal, as Jupiter, the planet of blessings, dances across the sky from her Sun multiple times, bringing her breakthroughs of joy — especially around personal and professional partnerships. There’s also a magnificent trend for her that focuses on healing past insecurities, growing closer with her family and even finding more inspiration than any recent memory. Milestone media projects will bring greater triumphs to her, but she will likely find that she’s untangling from some that aren’t ultimately fulfilling her by the end of 2022 as well. No matter what, though, I do think that they will grow together, find the strength to work through any difficulty and learn more about what life has to offer. You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.