A 20-year-old Bloods member — dubbed by Eric Adams as the “the poster child of the failing system” — was busted by one of the NYPD’s new Neighborhood Safety Teams just two hours into their first night patrolling the Bronx, officials said. David Echevarria — who has been nabbed before on attempted murder charges, as well as two gun possession charges over the past year — was arrested at 6:37 p.m. Monday at the corner of Pugsley and Haviland avenues in Soundview, police said. “That individual has a total disregard for any of us,” Hizzoner told reporters during a Wednesday press conference about the new NYPD unit. “And we continuously put him back on our streets and say, ‘We’re gonna wait until you kill not one individual, but several, several.’” “This is the poster child of the failing system of a small number of people who have made up their minds: We are going to be dangerous in this city and we could care less of what you do,” the mayor added. “And we arrest them, they go out, they arrest them, and we put them right back on the street — over and over again.” Members of the Neighborhood Safety Teams – which started rolling out Monday as a key part of Adams’ plan to get guns off the street – stopped Echevarria only about two hours into their tour, NYPD Chief of Department Kenneth Corey told reporters. “That stop was based on various factors that led [officers] to reasonable suspicion to stop and investigate,” Corey said. “The individual is ultimately found to be carrying a 9 mm pistol — a ghost gun — and that ghost gun was equipped with a laser sight and was loaded with eight rounds of ammunition.” Echevarria was toting the gun in his right coat pocket, according to a criminal complaint. It held seven rounds of ammunition in the magazine and one in the chamber, the court document said. He was charged with criminal possession of a weapon in the second, third and fourth degrees, as well as criminal possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition, according to the complaint. He was ordered held on $100,000 bail, according to the Bronx District Attorney’s office. The arrest marks his third gun-related bust in the past year. He was arrested March 15, 2021 and charged with attempted murder, assault and weapons possession in connection to the shooting of a 21-year-old man on Hutchinson River Parkway East on Nov. 15, 2020, according to police and his criminal complaint. The man was discovered with several gunshot wounds to the hand, calf, torso, thigh and groin, according to the complaint. Four or five other people were allegedly involved in the crime, the complaint said. In that case, Echevarria made bail, which was set at $2,500 cash or $100,000 bond, prosecutors said. This past Halloween, Echevarria was busted for gun possession while fleeing the scene of a non-fatal shooting, according to cops and the criminal complaint. He was behind the wheel of a white 2021 Honda Civic — with two other passengers — when police found a Smith and Wesson pistol on the floor near the rear left passenger seat, the complaint said. He was ordered held on $5,000 bail, cash or bond, and posted it, prosecutors said. Echevarria was also arrested in May of 2019 for allegedly stabbing a victim during a robbery, and in February of 2018 for a carjacking at gunpoint, Corey said. “This is what we talk about when we talk about drivers of violence in our community,” Corey said. “[There is a] very small number of people who are responsible for the overwhelming majority of the violence and this is the mission. These are the individuals that these brave men and women have volunteered to go after on a daily basis.” Adams called Echevarria’s violent criminal history “horrific.” “This is what we are fighting against,” the mayor added. “This is what these officers are fighting against. How could you not be jaded when you go out and take the gun off the street and then when you walk down the block, you see the person back on the street again the next day? “That’s what this battle is about. We’re going to continue to take the guns off the street, but we need help.” The NYPD’s new anti-gun teams, which replaced the controversial plainclothes anti-crime teams that were disbanded two years ago, hit the streets in its initial phase Monday after a slight delay.