It’s no secret that building LEGO kits is a great way to kill time. So many of us have fond memories of sprawling out on the floor of our childhood home, mesmerized while constructing a multi-colored masterpiece. The Post has rounded up options for all budgets, from architectural skylines to “Harry Potter” and “Star Wars”-themed kits. Whether you’re an architect, love to build in your free time, have a thing for collectible LEGOs or just need some distraction, there’s bound to be a kit on our list that you’ll love. Ahead, we found the 20 best LEGO kits of 2022, from a recreation of the famous “Friends” Central Perk cafe to your very own Statue of Liberty replica. This LEGO flower bouquet delivers a vibrant display of colors and interesting shapes, inspired by real flowers such as roses, snapdragons, poppies, asters, daisies and grasses. If you consider yourself a Marvel fan, then you know how important the Infinity gauntlet is to the fictional universe. Create your very own to display at home with this epic LEGO set. Pretend you’re zipping around Italy while building this pastel-colored Vespa LEGO set. Calling all race car fans! This LEGO set is a Hot Rod replica model of the Technic Chevrolet Corvette ZR1. For those who love cherry blossom trees and dream of visiting Japan to one day experience them — get the next best thing. This set includes interchangeable pieces, so you can style the bonsai tree model with classic green leaves or vibrant, pink cherry blossom blooms. Bring yourself right to the city of love with this detailed Paris skyline building kit. It’s currently on sale for $10 less than normal. If you’re a big fan of Nintendo products, then you’ll totally appreciate creating your very own Nintendo Entertainment System, completely made of LEGOs. Calling all “Star Wars” fans! While this LEGO building kit of the Star Destroyer is certainly worth a pretty penny,  you won’t have any regrets once you combine all 4,700 LEGO elements. If you’re itching for the fourth season of “Stranger Things” to be released this year, pass some time by building LEGO’s “The Upside Down” set. If you’re not interested in creating your own aerial Manhattan LEGO replica by scratch — like that one teenager who went viral in 2020, consider buying this fun architecture NYC building kit instead. LEGO’s Statue of Liberty architecture building kit is another great option for New York lovers. It’s made up of 1,685 pieces and is bound to keep you busy. Better yet, go all out and build the Hogwarts Castle from the ground up with over 6,000 LEGO pieces.  Not to mention, it’s a great gift to pair with the complete series from J.K. Rowling. The LEGO “Harry Potter” Hogwarts crests building kit is another fun but a little bit less time-consuming option. Plus, it’s super fun to enjoy building each tile of the background (especially on a rainy day). That’s right, princess castles aren’t just for kids. With this set, you can build the famous Disney Castle of your dreams. For a little more adventure, consider buying yourself the LEGO “Jurassic World” building kit that features many elements from the first film, including dinosaurs, a gyrosphere deployment station, characters from the movie and more. It’s the “One With the LEGO Set.” Back in August 2019, LEGO celebrated 25 years of “Friends” by debuting this awesome collectible LEGO building kit of the show’s Central Perk set. For outer space buffs, consider this LEGO NASA Apollo 11 Lunar Lander building kit. It’s currently on sale now, too, and is great for both adults and kids alike. For those who just can’t get enough of Mickey and Minnie Mouse, consider building your favorite characters with this LEGO building set that has more than 1,700 pieces. Make your Marilyn Monroe art even more unique by re-creating your very own Andy Warhol replica with LEGOs. This building kit comes with canvas and a frame to capture your work wherever you want. While this article is primarily for adults looking for epic LEGO building kits, parents who love to create with their children might enjoy these Ikea and LEGO collaborated storage bins. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.