Sam Elliott is in the “Dog”-house. Oscar-nominated “Power Of The Dog” director Jane Campion didn’t mince her words while addressing the 77-year-old Western icon’s “sexist” criticism of her 12-time Oscar-nominated flick last week. The 2022 best director Oscar nominee gave her rebuttal during an interview with Variety at the Directors Guild of America Awards on Saturday night. “I’m sorry, he was being a little bit of a B-I-T-C-H,” Campion, 67, told the magazine before the ceremony. “He’s not a cowboy; he’s an actor.” The “Bright Star” director, who won best director BAFTA Sunday for “Dog,” added, “The West is a mythic space and there’s a lot of room on the range. I think it’s a little bit sexist.” Campion was referring to Elliott’s controversial appearance on Marc Maron’s “WTF Podcast” two weeks ago, in which he’d called her opus a “piece of s–t.” The “Roadhouse” actor also analogized the characters to Chippendales dancers “who wear bowties and not much else.” During his bizarre tirade, the “Tombstone” star had singled out Campion, claiming that despite being a “brilliant director,” the New Zealand-born auteur was unfit to direct a Western set in Montana in the early 20th century. “I love her previous work, but what the f – – k does this woman from down there, New Zealand, know about the American West?” Elliott ranted, further slamming her decision to film the Western in her motherland. Campion wasn’t the only member of the “Dog” posse to respond to Sam Elliott’s comments. In a much gentler clap-back last week, Benedict Cumberbatch called the “Ghost Rider” actor’s remarks “very odd.” “Someone really took offense to the West being portrayed in this way,” said Cumberbatch, 45, who has been nominated for the 2022 best actor award for his role as the sadistic, closeted gay rancher Phil Burbank. “The Imitation Game” star added that his character was important as “these people still exist in our world, explaining: “If we are to understand what poisons the well in men, what creates toxic masculinity, we need to look [under] the hood of characters like Phil Burbank to see what their struggle is and why that’s there in the first place.” “Whether it’s on our doorstep or whether it’s down the road or whether it’s someone we meet in a bar or pub or on the sports field, there is aggression and anger and frustration and an inability to control or know who you are in that moment that causes damage to that person and, as we know, damage to those around them,” he added.