Attempts at deterrence by sanctions have failed. The question now is: Does the West expect sanctions to change Russian President Vladimir Putin’s actions? We think not — and the world should have given up years ago on expecting them to dissuade him. This is not merely a Ukraine crisis. Russia is bombing Europe. This is a larger, profound and long-term Russia crisis. And the West must act before it gets worse. First, let’s brush away the confusion that NATO and the United States are in any way responsible for war in Eastern Europe. The sole responsibility lies at the foot of the Kremlin and goes back three decades. It started with so-called frozen conflicts in Georgia and Moldova in the early 1990s. Russia invaded Georgia in 2008 because Georgians wanted to be free of Russian control. In 2014, Russia invaded Ukraine because Ukrainians wished to be free of Russian domination. In 2016, Moscow effectively closed the Azov Sea in an attempt to strangle the Ukrainian economy. Putin’s recent erratic speeches reflect Russia’s long-term strategy for Eastern Europe and beyond. Russian troops in Belarus are most likely there to stay. The Kremlin is on a quest to rewrite the security architecture for Eastern Europe. Putin’s vision for Europe is clear and simple: a continent with more Russia and less America. He will not stop invading independent and free Eastern European countries.Ukraine is central now because of the steadfastness of Ukrainians: They want less East and more West. They want freedom. But Russian warfare against Europe doesn’t rely on land grabs alone. Eastern, Central and Western Europeans (in that order) have had to deal with political, economic, technological and social warfare for many years. The Kremlin’s tentacles will continue to sink themselves into Europe with espionage, influence operations, cyberattacks, disinformation, commercial ties, the export of kleptocracy and energy dependence. Where the Kremlin does not grab land, it takes control over people and infrastructure. The West under US leadership needs to reassess Russian deterrence. So far, we have exercised passive deterrence. We need to upgrade to active deterrence — and we need to do so immediately. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. A superpower is invading a sovereign nation with the intent to subjugate it, even destroy it. We should not stand by and watch a civilian slaughter. Ukrainians are defending Western values and freedom against a revisionist and highly aggressive nuclear power. We are eternally thankful for their bravery. But we have done too little, too late to help them. Washington’s years-long delay in shipping Javelin missiles comes to mind. If we had properly armed Ukraine with modern defensive systems over the last eight years, we would not have the problem we face today. We can have peace through strength, if we acknowledge that passive deterrence has not worked. The West has made it very clear it will not fight for, or in, Ukraine. Rather Western nations seek to equip and resupply the Ukrainian forces who fight alone. Ukrainians are holding their own on the ground; it’s air assistance they need most. Their army has much improved since 2014, but the navy and air force still have challenges. America is finally providing Stinger surface-to-air missiles; NATO has been for some time, but they’re made for low-altitude air defense. Get them systems giving them medium- and high-altitude defense capabilities: Washington is about to mothball A-10 ground-attack aircraft. Send them to Ukraine, which has some pilots trained to fly them. Ukrainians also know how to fly the Soviet-made MiG-29s that Eastern European nations have offered for transfer. This would be a concrete and much-needed addition to their capabilities. Not only have they lost planes in the battle; Russian forces are stepping up their bombing campaign. Ukraine’s air defenses are stretched thin. Kyiv lost its main television tower this week, with Russia knocking out a prime communication medium and killing civilians in the process. Every day we see the growing human disaster of Russia’s criminal attack. NATO should establish a humanitarian no-fly zone immediately to protect corridors to provide food, medical supplies and other humanitarian relief to Ukraine’s beleaguered civilians. If constructed carefully, this does not have to be an act of war: Cover western Ukraine, stopping at Kyiv, and go no farther east to avoid conflicts with Russian forces. Finally, to help Ukraine defend itself, give it real-time, at threat speed, access to US intelligence about Russian forces and positions. It’s clear now that Putin will continue to use military power to flout international norms. The West with its unmatched hard and soft power is standing by and watching a great European nation be attacked by one of the world’s leading military powers. Western leadership is required to turn the tide. The United States must be a central part of that leadership.The longtime goal of a Europe whole and free will not happen without new strategic approaches by the West and American leadership. Sanctions have and certainly will hurt the Kremlin and the Russian people, but they have not changed Putin’s behavior. The West needs to move to active deterrence to change Putin’s calculus. Former NATO Supreme Allied Commander Philip Breedlove is distinguished chair at the Middle East Institute’s Frontier Europe Initiative, which Iulia Sabina-Joja directs.