Regardless of whether we own a million-dollar estate or rent a less-than-2,000 ft. condo, the mental image of us drifting away in a hot tub while sipping on drinks out of coconuts is just what we need. For this, an inflatable hot tub will work those wonders just fine. Most of these options are available on Amazon and are the front-and-center outdoor additions to make your space into a backyard bliss (along with some of the best patio furniture to accompany them). Not to mention, unlike the upkeep that comes with owning a pool or built-in hot tub, inflatable hot tubs are simple to clean and easy to maintain; simply ordering a hot tub cover will suffice on off-seasons when it won’t be in use. So, as we approach the warmer months, say hello to evening hangouts with your loved ones and some much-deserved R&R after work hours with one of the best inflatable hot tubs we rounded up below. With an eye on price, quality and style, there’s an option for everyone who has these on their wishlists. An Amazon’s Choice product, Bestway’s SaluSpa Miami Inflatable Hot Tub is just shy of $500 and an easy-to-set-up option. There’s a digital control panel inside the hot tub so you can operate the water’s temperature, which goes up to 104 degrees Fahrenheit. Plus, the power-saving timer can even automate the temperature of the spa up to 72 hours in advance. The durable puncture-resistant tri-tech material holds its shape, too. For $280 off, there’s no better time to snag Intex’s PureSpa Portable Inflatable Hot Tub. It can fit up to six people (so prepare yourself for a whole lot of backyard hangouts with this model). With 170 soothing, high-powered jets, you’ll instantly feel at ease, especially with the tub’s built-in hard water treatment system that makes the bubbles gentler on your skin. Intex includes an insulated cover, heated water system, multi-colored LED lights, two filter cartridges, two headrests, a thermal ground cloth and a filtration hose, too. Akin to the look of an outdoor pool, Bestway’s SaluSpa Helsinki AirJet Inflatable Hot Tub is a mouthful and less than $1,000. Like Intex’s model, its hard water system is gentle on your skin and it’s made of the same puncture-resistant material Bestway is known for. With lift handles adorning each side, it’s easy to lift and carry. With Edostory’s Inflatable Hot Tub, you’ll want to dive right in. Its elongated oval design gives it a uniquely spacious feel, plus it’s easy to set up with quick inflation and rapid heating. It’s made of durable, three-ply PVC material, with its vertical “I-beam” construction offering the rigidity of a wall for a more shapely design. Give your outdoor space a pop of color with Co-Z’s Inflatable Hot Tub, which is fit for four people and is reasonably priced at $400. With 120 high-powered jets, it comes with an accessible control panel to adjust temperature settings, along with a detachable locking cover to keep the insider clean when it’s not in use. We’re just about to throw the backyard party of the century with DiDuGo’s Inflatable Hot Tub. Notably, you can choose from six adjustable lights to make the rim of your less-than-$600 glimmer in the night. The neutral brownish white color is sure to match any space, too. Like most of our top picks, it has a digital control pad to adjust temperature settings, is made of durable PVC and heats up to 104 degrees Fahrenheit with 100 jets. Roomy and deep, this massaging spa from Hammacher Schlemer is a hidden gem in the inflatable hot tubs market (a market we’re heavily invested in for R&R). For $1,000, you truly get what you pay for: 140 high-powered jets, a 2,040-watt heater, a built-in filtration system and an included locking insulated cover, a floor protector and two filters. Coleman’s Bahamas AirJet is one of Walmart’s bestselling inflatable hot tubs. It’s a no-frills option that doesn’t compromise on features; puncture-resistant DuraPlus material helps it last for years, while 120 jets create that bubbling hot tub environment we all know and crave. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.