Chris Rock broke his silence about Sunday’s Oscar smackdown in front of an energized crowd of passionate supporters at a comedy show in Boston Wednesday night. “You got me all misty and s—” Rock, 57, said after basking in a rousing nearly two-minute standing ovation as he took the stage at the Wilbur Theater to start a run of shows. “How was your weekend?” Rock, wearing a white outfit, asked the cheering crowd. “I don’t have a bunch of s— about what happened,” he said about the elephant in the room, explaining that he had already prepared an entire set. “I had like a whole show I wrote before this weekend. I’m still kinda processing what happened. So at some point, I’ll talk about that s–.” “Sue him Chris, sue him,” an audience member yelled out. “So I’m gonna tell some jokes. It’s nice to be out,” Rock said as he dove into his set, which was scheduled before the comic was attacked by Will Smith on Hollywood’s biggest stage. In the middle of Rock’s act, there was an altercation in the back of the orchestra that resulted in a man getting maced and kicked out of the theater by multiple security guards, police confirmed. The perpetrator was hitting the door and whining, according to a Post photographer that witnessed the tail end of the incident. “Shut the f–k up!,” a woman in the audience yelled. “Is the entire tour going to be like this?,” Rock asked the crowd. The kerfuffle came three days after Smith, 53, had charged the stage and slapped Rock on national television after the presenter poked fun at his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s bald head, saying “can’t wait for GI Jane II.” Will initially burst into laughter but ran on stage after Jada, who suffers from alopecia, rolled her eyes at the quip. He returned to his seat and shouted profanities at Rock, who coolly kept the show moving. Smith then refused to leave the Oscars when asked by the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, it was revealed Wednesday. Moments later he accepted a best actor trophy for his performance in “King Richard” to a standing ovation. The actor, who is currently under investigation for violating the academy’s code of conduct and subject to arrest, apologized to Rock the next day. The comic had remained tight-lipped about the viral incident until taking the stage in Beantown. After the show, most fans said they understood why Rock didn’t delve into the subject at length and were not disappointed. “After all that is said and done, no. Maybe in the beginning going in, I hoped he said something, but I gotta say it couldn’t have been handled in a better way,” said Angela Long, 59. “He’s humble. He handled it as a class act just like he did at the Academy Awards,” the Quincy woman added. Andrew Nodell, 34, who works in the public relations industry and was also at the Oscars, told The Post, “Chris’s silence speaks louder than Will Smith’s actions.” “Do I wish he talked more about Will Smith? No, because I feel like everything he’s done so far speaks for itself,” said Nodell. When asked about the scene at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood Sunday, Nodell said the star-studded crowd did not know how to react. “Well I mean the whole room went silent. Everyone thought it was a gag … Once Will Smith started mouthing off, it was like ‘ohh this is actually real.’ “There was a lot of confusion because we didn’t know what [happened]. It was so atypical of Will Smith to behave like that. It wasn’t what we expected from Will Smith.”