You’ll want to run to your computer now and snag a pair of these tights — puns very much not intended. We said “not intended” specifically for these Sheertex tights, as they went viral on all social media platforms as being some of the strongest and run-proof tights on the market. Most tights-lovers know that runs and snags are one of the main reasons tights end up balled up in the trash, sometimes mere minutes after struggling to pull them on in the first place. Similarly, those with long nails, a stray hangnail or a pet with claws of their own may give up on hosiery altogether, as runs look worse than bare legs at the end of the day. After seeing countless reviews on TikTok and targeted ads all over Instagram and Facebook with glowing reviews, The Post decided to try these on for size — and shape and durability to see if they really do measure up to their ever-growing hype. After seeing them everywhere, we couldn’t help but wonder what magic powers the team at Sheertex have to be able to produce such durable tights. Turns out it is a sprinkling of magic for sure, combined with a proprietary knit blend of lycra and a surprising tactical ingredient, too. “Our tights are made of a miniaturized version of the same polymer used in bulletproof vests and mountaineering equipment,” reads the FAQ section. “It’s something we had to spend years and years developing, and we’re very proud of it. Other than our special super-strong fibre, our items also contain a lycra that allows them to stretch and to be dyed.” While we did not try bullets, we did try finger nails, pet claws and a variety of other factors to test this fabric, and while you’ll have to keep reading for the full scoop, we were pretty pleased. Since these are not your typical drugstore or department store sheer tights for $15 a pop and a few wears at best, they are a bit more expensive to compensate. However, they now start at $29 for their Essential Sheer Tights, which still boast the same durable Sheertex Knit Technology, just manufactured in an automated process instead of hand-sewed, a 30-day guarantee instead of a 90-day and comes with less packaging, too. We tried the Classic Sheer Tights, which normally retail for $69, as well as the Shaping Sheer Tights ($79) and the Fine Rib Sheer Tights ($89) that are now finally back in stock. Even better, New York Post readers (i.e. you!) can get these tights as well as the rest of the collection for an exclusive discount. Enter code NYPOST20 at checkout for 20% off all regular-priced orders of $60 or more. As a person who knows all too well the struggle of pulling on a pair of tights only to rip them half-way up my leg, I knew I had to try these. As you’ll see in the video above, I really went crazy with this, having my feline friend Motek help out, as well as my roommate Nathan, to see how much stretch and durability the tights had woven into the Sheertex formula. I also wanted to see how comfortable they were to wear, as someone with curves and a new hatred of anything tight after two years of exclusively wearing joggers and leggings. For this test, I wore each pair for a full eight-hour work day to see if they were constricting or comfortably snatching me in. I also wanted to see how each pair looked styled, as even if they are super durable and won’t snag, they also had to be cute enough to want to wear over and over again. As seen in the image above, I love to wear tights with skirts and dresses, so I styled them accordingly, and think I looked pretty darn cute, if I say so myself! Bottom line: I say if you have the cash on hand, these are worth the investment. My favorite just so happen to be the most expensive — Fine Rib Sheer Tights ($89) — but for the amount of wear I will get out of them, I think it’s far worth the price tag. Plus, the cute ribbing gives them a bit of extra style and will disguise any small imperfections these tights may get over time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.