When it comes to the ideal bedding set up, often the first thing we think of is a quality duvet, soft sheets, the perfect pillows and maybe even a chic throw blanket for the end of the bed. While we often forget about important the bedding base layer (a mattress protector) is, we’re here to remind you. Mattress protectors are key to keeping your mattress in pristine condition and protecting against spills, stains, germs, allergens, normal use and dare we say it, bed bugs. While we surely don’t wish any of these things on anyone, accidents happen, so why not be prepared? There are tons of great options on the market but since you can buy just about everything under the sun on Amazon.com, we decided to stick to our go-to retailer. No matter what type of mattress protector you’re looking for: plush, waterproof, cooling, noiseless — or all the above — we’ve got you covered. Ahead, get the lowdown on the top five best mattress protectors of 2022, according to Amazon reviews. With a whopping 200,000+ reviews (with more than 75% of those reviews being five-star ratings), you probably can’t go wrong with SafeRest. It features a cotton terry surface with a membrane back coating that’s waterproof, noiseless and extra breathable. The PlushDeluxe Bamboo Mattress Protector is another great option as it’s made from great quality, natural bamboo fabric. Its ultra-soft and breathable membrane wicks away moisture and regulates heat, plus the brand offers a 10-year warranty. From personal experience, we can assure you that this Utopia quilted mattress pad cover is durable, long-lasting and ideal for keeping your mattress free of stains and normal signs. of wear and tear. If you run hot at night, go for this Meritlife pick that’s specifically made with a cooling material. Since it’s made of eco-friendly and natural bamboo, the combination with polyester provides a cooling effect to distribute heat evenly and regulate body temperature. For the shoppers that need a down alternative option, this one is for you. This pick is 100% cotton, machine washable and includes sweat-proof material. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.