It was a marriage à trois. A Congolese man proved that good things come in threes when he married triplets all on the same day — after they all reportedly proposed to him simultaneously. Photos of the marital quartet are currently blowing up online. “It seems like I was dreaming!” the man, identified only as Luwizo, told Afrimax English of the unconventional wedding, which went down in South Kivu, located in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The marital hat trick was set in motion after the husband-to-be met one of the triplets, Natalie, and quickly fell head over heels with her. However, things took a turn after he visited his budding soulmate and she introduced him to her twin sisters, Nadege and Natasha, who became equally smitten with their sibling’s new squeeze. They then popped the big question, which reportedly surprised Luwizo so much he said he almost “fainted.” “When we told him he had to marry all of us, he was shocked,” one of his unidentified wives was quoted as saying of the lifetime three-for-one deal. “But because he had already fallen in love with all of us, nothing could stop our plans since we were also in love with him.” Despite being taken aback at the unorthodox proposal, Luwizo told Newsflash he was “obliged to marry all of them because they are triplets.” Needless to say, not everyone was on board with his tri-nuptials. “My parents don’t understand what I’m doing,” lamented the polygamist, who went ahead with the bridal triple-header without their blessing. He added that they didn’t even attend the ceremony. On the flipside of the coin, marrying the same man didn’t seem odd to the wifecta, who had been used to sharing everything since childhood. In fact, the then-brides-to-be reportedly couldn’t contain their jubilation over the arrangement, with one gushing: “Today we are very happy, as you can see, because our dreams came true without being separated by husbands, but God heard our prayers.” Luwizo said he’s ultimately glad he abandoned his family to wed triplets in tandem. “You have to lose something in order to gain another,” he gushed. “In addition, one has their preferences and their own way of doing things. “So, I’m happy to marry the triplets no matter what others think,” the happily-married man added. “But all I can say is that love has no limits.” In a similarly polyamorous story earlier this week, a UK woman formed a throuple with a couple after matching with the pair separately on a dating app.