At first, the CDC’s new mask guidance seemed a major, if belated, recognition that mask mandates made no sense, especially in schools. Guess again: The agency is still holding on to its most insane form of COVID alarmism. Despite recommending that more than 70% of people in the US can go mask-free indoors under the new “community levels” metric, and that schools be treated as other indoor spaces, the CDC still hasn’t, per its Web site, updated its guidance around early childhood education (or ECE) programs. There, “universal indoor masking” for “those ages 2 years and older, regardless of vaccination status” is still recommended — and New York is still following this absurd advice. Utter lunacy: Out of roughly 20 million US kids aged 1 to 4, just 99 have died with COVID since the pandemic began. That’s out of around 934,000 deaths. This is the group least at risk, by far, from bad COVID outcomes. It is also the group most at risk from the bad side effects of constant mask-wearing on learning — especially among those with special needs. The CDC admits this, recommending that ECE programs “consider having staff wear a clear mask or cloth mask with a clear panel when interacting with young children” or “children learning to read” to “facilitate learning and social and emotional development.” Yet it has left this cruel rule in place, freeing everyone except the group with almost nothing to fear from COVID. And this federal insanity carries to the state level. Gov. Kathy Hochul lifted the state’s school mask mandate as of Wednesday — except she didn’t. Her office confirmed to The Post that individual schools in New York can still require masking. Which means the mandate is only over for those schools where COVID alarmists aren’t in charge. The mayor’s office is still finalizing plans for an end to school masking, but tells us it will stick with the CDC’s recommendations since under-5s can’t get vaxxed. The CDC refusal to update this guideline further harms the most vulnerable young learners. The Hochul policy effectively gives the most COVID-anxious a veto that could harm thousands more. Years of restrictionist madness have already done damage that will long outlast the actual pandemic, and it’s still going on. Let this be a warning the next time overzealous public health officials try to regulate their way out of a crisis.