Your iPhone is chockablock with handy tricks and features many of which you probably aren’t aware of. A TikTok tech nut recently revealed a raft of lesser-known iPhone tips that make using your device that little bit easier. User @katamogz highlighted them in a video shared with her 2.4million followers earlier this month. If an app is sending you too many notifications you can quickly mute it from the Lock Screen. The Lock Screen shows the current time and date and your most recent notifications and appears when you turn on or wake your iPhone. To stop an app from sending you alerts for a while, swipe left on a notification and tap options. You can then select to mute notifications for that service for an hour or the rest of the day. There’s an easy way to take a screenshot of an entire webpage instead of just the section that’s visible on your display. First, you’ll need to take a screenshot by pressing two buttons simultaneously. On iPhones without a Home Button, hit the power and volume up buttons at the same time. On older devices, press the power button and Home Button to take one. From there, tap Full page at the top of your display and tap Done to save the entire page as a PDF. If you’re feeling particularly lazy, you can ask the iPhone’s voice assistant Siri to send web links to your pals. It’s far less fiddly than copying and pasting a link into iMessage or other chat services. While looking at a web page on your iPhone, simply say “Hey Siri, share this with [name]” (or something similar like “send this to [name]”. Siri will share the content on the screen to that person using iMessage. You probably already know about the colorful animations you can add to your iPhone texts using special codewords. All you need to do is send someone a special trigger word over iMessage to activate each effect. Typing “pew pew” activates a laser effect, for instance, while “happy birthday” causes balloons to float around the screen. But did you know you can create a custom screen effect using a combination of whatever emoji you like? To try it out for yourself, type out three or fewer emojis and then hold the send button (that’s the green arrow to the right of the textbox). Tap Screen at the top of your display to send them with a full-screen effect. Tap Send. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.