It takes a special sort of political cynicism to publicly thank the Ukrainian ambassador for her nation’s bravery — and stress in the next moment that we will do nothing to defend her country with our military. But then President Biden’s State of the Union speech was nothing but bumbling hypocrisy. Start with the fact that the mask mandate Nancy Pelosi lorded over her members for years was suddenly lifted the day before the speech, showing that “Follow the science” was a bald-faced lie. Next up, Biden begging for unity, then accusing Republicans of only helping the rich. It was quite the performance. After years of bashing Donald Trump, Biden stole his stump speech. He rebranded Build Back Better as Build a Better America, and got cheap applause for claiming he was going to get businesses to stay in the US. This after Democratic administrations have signed trade deal after trade deal that have taken industries to China and Mexico. But you think companies will be happy to stay after Biden blamed them for inflation, claiming that rising costs in stores were because of gouging, not supply issues and his own reckless government spending? Or that he’s instituting a “crackdown” on prices? Corporations will long for the friendlier shores of, we don’t know, Venezuela. Turns out “Buy American” was just a stalking horse for Biden’s real agenda — trying to get the massive social spending of Build Back Better passed. He’s nothing if not consistent in his futility. Even though Joe Manchin has shot him down again and again and again. So the State of Biden’s Union is delusional because he’s not going to be able to lower prices, he’s not going to be able to pass BBB, he’s not going to be able to keep companies in America. Won’t get an immigration deal, certainly not when he’s thrown open the border to millions. No amount of lecturing will change that. Meanwhile, nothing on energy independence, which would help our economy and strengthen our foreign relations. Meanwhile, old, doddering Joe said he stood with the “Iranian,” not “Ukrainian” people, and assured everyone we wouldn’t be fighting Ukraine, not Russia. All while Pelosi rubbed her hands together behind him like she was Cruella de Ville eyeing a puppy. Then just because he hadn’t gaslit America enough, he insisted we should “fund the police” after Democrats used “Defund the police” as a rallying cry for more than a year. Does he really think anyone will believe that the party that caused crime nationwide to skyrocket is the party of law and order? Joe’s plans boiled down to nothing more than “Just get it done,” a phrase he said about 153 times. Pass my bills, just get it done. Cure cancer, just get it done. None of it will get done. It was an unserious speech for deadly serious times. Lord help us.