It’s been a decade since Tebowmania invaded New York, and looking back on his time with the Jets, there are some things Tim Tebow wishes he could change. During an appearance Tuesday on CBS Sports Radio’s “Maggie and Perloff,” the quarterback-turned-broadcaster, now 34, likened his introductory press conference in early 2012 to a “disaster.” “I had no idea what I was walking into,” Tebow said, laughing. Drafted by the Broncos in 2010, Tebow was traded to the Jets in March 2012. The quarterback’s arrival was nothing short of a circus, with more than 100 media members gathering in Florham Park, New Jersey, for his opening remarks. Although the Jets wanted the press conference for Mark Sanchez’s backup, according to Tebow, he said Tuesday how he wished events unfolded differently. “It was a lot like that’s something I just wish I would have I think just handled differently or just not had a press conference or just avoided that a little bit more,” he said. Tebow’s time in New York was short-lived. After a hyped training camp battle against Sanchez, Tebow was a non-factor at quarterback during the season. Even when Sanchez was hurt later in the year, it was Greg McElroy who replaced him as the starter. Tebow was released after the season and has not played an NFL snap since. He went on to sign with New England, where Patriots coach Bill Belichick spoke to him about the media spectacle that often followed. “That was something my agent would always say, is he would talk to other teams, and talk to their GMs, talk to their owners, and say we’d love it but we can’t have a backup quarterback with that much attention,” Tebow said. “I mean, it’s something that honestly me and Belichick talked a lot when I was there. When we signed, he said so excited but we need you to stay under the radar.” Tebow was ultimately cut by the Patriots in August 2013 and then headed west for a year to train quietly. “I literally spent one whole year — you can look it up — almost one whole year training out on the West Coast, where I stayed away from literally everything, and it was right after I got cut from the Patriots and I tried to stay under the radar to avoid that so it wouldn’t be as big of a deal,” he said. About two years after his Patriots exit, Tebow signed with the Eagles in 2015 and was released later that year. Though he’s shifted focus to broadcasting, he’s pursued other professional sporting opportunities, even signing a minor league contract with the Mets in 2016. He returned to football last year when he signed as a tight end for the Jaguars, and reunited with his old college coach, Urban Meyer. Tebow was released in August, while Meyer was fired by Jacksonville in late 2021 during a disastrous first season at the helm.