Since the bathroom is the place where you rejuvenate yourself, it only makes sense that you keep it as consolidated and clean as possible. That means no makeup all over your counter, no dirty towels on the floor and no toothpaste-splattered mirrors. Whether you have a double-sink oasis in the suburbs or a tiny bathroom in Manhattan, there’s always room for improvement and organization. This is especially true now that spring cleaning is upon us. If there was ever a time to clean up your space, it’s now, and that means everything you use in the bathroom should have a home. But if you have no idea where to start, don’t fret, because we’ve got you covered. From hair tool holders, towel storage and over-the-toilet stands, we’ve found smart storage ideas that will make getting ready in the morning and unwinding in the evening that much more enjoyable. Use these two acrylic organizer drawers to stash away loose items. Not only will it make it easier to find what you’re looking for in the long run, but it will also provide instant organization. Instead of throwing random items in disarray underneath your skin, add these mesh organizer bins to keep everything consolidated. We don’t know about you, but this free standing cabinet makes us feel like we are at a spa, and we love it. With six total compartments, you can store everything and more. We swear by this makeup and jewelry storage case. It doesn’t only allow you to successfully put away your belongings, but it also allows you to display your favorite goodies. Looking for makeup storage ideas? Check out our favorite makeup organizers here. Too many hair brushes, flatirons, curlers and blowdryers to count? Consider purging a few and organizing your favorites in this over-the-cabinet hair tool holder. If you haven’t invested in an over-the-toilet bathroom organizer yet, this is your chance. It doesn’t take up any additional space but will completely transform your storage game — trust us. This storage cart is great for stashing toilet paper and skincare products alike. Each level can be customized to your liking, while its frame is slim enough to fit virtually anywhere. If you’re working with decent counter space, consider this acrylic tower to display your most used and aesthetically pleasing items. To keep everything cohesive, buy these affordable bathroom accessories for your soaps and tooth brush. If you have a smaller bathroom, it’s important to utilize all the wall space you can. This wall mount towel holder can handle up to four towels at a time. Instead of using every nook and cranny your shower or tub has to offer, we suggest getting a pole shower caddy like this one to organize all your shower necessities. This practical, free-standing bathroom cabinet is great for storing a variety of items if your bathroom space lacks storage. These Everything Drawer Organizers from The Container Store can be used for many different things (hence the name), but they’re particularly great when consolidating products in your bathroom vanity mirror since they’re thin and clear. Give your bathroom cleaning supplies a designated spot with this two tier organizer. Better yet, it’s open frame makes grabbing what you need when you need it easy and convenient. No room for towel storage? Hang one or two on these 11-hook organizer racks and utilize the basket storage section for hand towels and wash cloths. Don’t store your cotton balls and Qtips in hard to reach spaces, such as the back of your bathroom cabinet. Instead, beautifully display them with the help of this four-piece bathroom vanity organizer. With a fold over lid and stackable capabilities, this four-pack of acrylic boxes organizes and saves space. They’re great for storing makeup, medicines, nail polish and more. Perfect for organizing your bathroom cabinets, this three-tier storage shelf can fit hair tools, hand towels, skincare, body care and more. Utilize this six-piece drawer organizer to file away your smallest bathroom gadgets. Best of all, you can sort and customize the layout to fit your needs. If you have the space, adding an additional bathroom cabinet may be what you need. With three drawers, one large cabinet and built-in shelving, you can take organization to new heights. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.