I love Anne Hathaway, so I don’t care if they just photograph her sleepwalking. Now she’s in your typical multibillion-dollar love story. It’s about WeWork. Which it didn’t. It’s called “WeCrashed” and it’s on Apple TV+. Hathaway: “This is about the two founders Rebekah and Adam Neumann. Jared Leto and I wanted to examine their experience through the lens of a love story and to see why people make decisions. Without their love story there’d never have been WeWork.” Leto: “Neumann was a compelling, colorful character. A recent and relevant immigrant who built a company out of nothing into a $47 billion empire. It’s about success and failure.” Don’t cry for Argentina — or Neumann. He’s still worth about $1.4 billion. ANOTHER film. Everyone’s kvetching about minimum groceries and maximum prices. “The Soul of a Farmer” is a 35-minute shortie about ex-chef Patty Gentry who now grows for celebrity chefs. Problems like moths eat the arugula, what we eat’s not always what it says it is, there’s much non-organic out there and other things no need to know. Director Roger Sherman: “Patty farms 3 acres in Long Island’s Brookhaven, next to Bellport. She rents from Isabella Rossellini who saves animals and whose 18 acres she saved from development.” Rossellini: “Patty, the Picasso of vegetables, reminds me of my mother, Ingrid Bergman. Same energy.” They’re now looking to grow a longer film about veggies. Like maybe a “To Beet Is Not To Beet”? ZARAH Maillard performed with rockers Goo Goo Dolls. Years ago, husband Gene Maillard, once a Grammy exec, invited Roger Moore to Hotel du Cap in Antibes. Asking a high-class French Riviera hotel waiter to bus a table is a non-non. They asked. Le waiter sputtered: “Have you no legs and feet? Are you paraplegics?” Moore laughed. He is remembered in Zarah’s novel “Diamonds Are for Cocktails.” It’s also 73 years since his first TV appearance. “BERNIE & Sid,” radio’s biggest and hottest, have dominated WABC’s 6-to-10 a.m. since Lincoln was clean-shaven. All civilization listens to them. Sid Rosenberg: “Started when I was a young guy on WNEW-FM. Then came an opening to work with Don Imus. I said, ‘You’re crazy. He’s miserable. He’ll hate me.’ They said, ‘True.’ So I said, ‘OK.’ 2005 I got fired and his producer Bernard McGuirk and I joined forces on WABC. Maybe not everyone loves me, because I don’t lie or beat around the bush. Some people get scared when I tell it like it is. Our show, like some freewheeling others, has a delay. Others’, seven to 10 seconds. Mine’s a minute. It’s not a careful program. There’s sexual innuendo. Brooklyn tough guy words you usually don’t hear on other shows, but I’m allowed. I rarely get into trouble. And I don’t prewrite questions. There is no script. Everything’s off the cuff. Makes me seem more brilliant.” I’m taking his word for that. Then, assuming he has sex — which, knowing him, I probably doubt — what’s his bedtime? “Go to sleep around 9. The alarm is set at 3:45. At the office 4:45, start prepping by 5, hit the air 6:05 sharp. I make my own coffee at home, my driver is the same cabby outside every morning, 4:30. He drives me 15 minutes to the office as we talk and I have my coffee.” DC, now judging a judge, brings up the story of a DA saying: “Your honor, this prisoner committed robbery, forgery, grand larceny and arson. What is your opinion?” Judge: “Listen, nobody’s perfect.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.