Caitlyn Jenner, the reality television star and former Republican candidate for governor of California, will make her debut on Thursday as a paid contributor for the Fox News Channel, the cable network announced. “Caitlyn’s story is an inspiration to us all,” Fox News CEO Suzanne Scott said. “She is a trailblazer in the LGBTQ+ community and her illustrious career spans a variety of fields that will be a tremendous asset for our audience.” Jenner, formerly known as Olympic medalist Bruce Jenner before transitioning to become a woman in 2015, “will offer commentary and analysis across Fox News Channel programming and various Fox News Media platforms,” Scott said. She will make her debut during Sean Hannity’s Fox News primetime talk show on Thursday, according to the network. “I am humbled by this unique opportunity to speak directly to Fox News Media’s millions of viewers about a range of issues that are important to the American people,” Jenner said in a statement. After an illustrious athletic career, Jenner starred on the E! cable network’s long-running reality television series “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” alongside his then-wife, Kris Jenner. Caitlyn and Kris are the parents of Kylie and Kendall Jenner. Caitlyn is also parent to four other children from previous marriages. In 2015, she starred in the documentary series “I Am Cait,” which detailed her transition. Last year, Jenner mounted an unsuccessful run for California governor — coming in 13th place among candidates seeking to oust Gavin Newsom in a special recall election. Newsom, a Democrat, was re-elected, defeating top GOP contender Larry Elder, a conservative radio talk show host. While Jenner has become an activist on behalf of transgender Americans, she’s been criticized by liberals for embracing GOP positions on hot-button identity issues. Last week, Jenner publicly supported Florida’s Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis for his stance on controversial transgender swimmer Lia Thomas. DeSantis declared Emma Weyant, the University of Virginia freshman who finished second to Thomas in the 500-yard NCAA women’s championships earlier this month, the rightful winner. Weyant, who finished 1.75 seconds behind Thomas, grew up in Sarasota, Fla. “By allowing men to compete in women’s sports, the NCAA is destroying opportunities for women, making a mockery of its championships, and perpetuating a fraud,” DeSantis wrote on Twitter. “In Florida, we reject these lies and recognize Sarasota’s Emma Weyant as the best women’s swimmer in the 500y freestyle.” Jenner concurred. “@GovRonDeSantis agreed! She is the rightful winner!” Jenner tweeted. “It’s not transphobic or anti-trans, it’s COMMON SENSE!”