Get out the nail polish and put away socks for the season — it’s time for spring sandals. Feel the wind in your toes now that spring has sprung, and expand your summer sandal collection with new styles from this year’s lineup. If you need a new pair of flip flops for the beach that won’t break or a hiking shoe that’s both functional and fashionable, we’ll help walk you through it all from slides to strappy styles. Scroll down for the best sandals for spring and summer that are comfortable, cute and a perfect fit for any budget. We sorted them by type, too, so check out a few from each category to round out your collection before hitting the beach, boardwalk or wherever else in 2022. Hari Mari means super cute sandals for spring and summer. These flip flops are an elevated version of the classic beach shoe, made of premium nubuck leather and a memory foam toe bed for ultimate comfort. They currently come in the above brown color, as well as in black, sand and navy and range from size 6 to 11. Havaianas, ooo nah nah. That’s how that song goes, right? Well, you’ll be singing this version now, after stepping into these stylish and comfortable flip-flops from Havaianas. The bestselling sandals also come in 10 other colors, including gold, white, navy, rose and even neon green. For just $26, grab one in every color to match your favorite swimsuit and shorts. If you have things to do and places to be this spring, Skechers will be there for you every step of the way. The On the GO flip flops are great for just that, with memory retention in the footbed as well as a cushy “Goga Mat” contour that shapes to your feet and relieves tension every step of your way. They currently come in black, taupe, navy and gray and range in size from a women’s 5 to 12. You’ll flip over these flops. The Gucci Kika GG flip flops are now at Nordstrom, sold for $570 while supplies last. The classic look is elevated with the brown, red and green Gucci colors and logo, complete with a golden GG in the middle of the straps. These sandals are sure to put some spring into your step, and summer, too. Crocs line of sandals also includes flats and flip flops, but our favorite style is the Brooklyn Low Wedge. The on-trend wedges offer a bit of hight to elevate any outfit (and yourself, quite literally) and they come in an array of basics and bright colors to choose from. They range in size from a women’s 4 to an 11, and also offer afterpay installments should you want to collect every color and pay later. Did you know wedges can be super comfortable too? Naot sandals combine comfort and style, especially with this vacation-ready wedge shoe. The Pier is made of soft leather upper and has a cork and latex footbed with a suede covering to mold and shape to your foot, available in white, rose gold and black. Bernardo may have been founded in 1946, but these Ciara sandals are as on-trend as ever. Complete with a platform base which is all the rage this year, they also come in a rosy color that matches everything. They also come in an all-black style as well, and both shoes are made with a leather lining and upper for a high-class look and feel for your feet. They currently range in size from 6 to 11 on the site, with half-sizes included. This is a platform we support. Get some height this spring and summer with these platform shoes from Franco Sarto. We love white for summer, but they also come in black and brown leather, each with a slight wedge and a velcro straps to keep your feet feeling secure. These shoes are here to take your feet to a more comfortable time, without compromising style. The slides have two straps across the toes and then the pattern is up to you. Choose from solid colors like baby blue, white, pink and more, or opt for a trending pattern like the above snake, tie-dye, floral or camo, to name a few. Nike slides, but make ’em pink. These slides aren’t just any pink but a super trendy light rose color that you’ll fall in love with. Not only are they cute, but comfortable too, made of lightweight and cushiony material, complete with a contoured footbed. Of course, they also have the iconic swoosh on both the sole and the top of the strap with the full Nike logo as well. Go nude this spring. The trendy nude-colored slides were actually one of Oprah’s Favorite Things in 2021, meaning we need them even more now. They are sold at ROAM and are made of vegan leather, which is soft on your feet and better for the planet. Slides really are for everyone, and should be in every color, too. Los Angeles Apparel agrees, which is why they have introduced even more new colors this year in their unisex slides, spanning the rainbow from bright red to neon green. Live the good live this spring and summer with these trendy flat sandals from Dolce Vita. The strappy shoes come in a wide range of colors from neutrals like brown and black to fun spring shades like lavender and rose. Excuse me ma’am, where did you get those amazing shoes? You’ll be asked that wherever you go while wearing these flat sandals from Ma’am Shoes. The three-strap sandals come in a variety of eye-catching colors like the pictured cherry red, green, blue and basic black and brown. Every style but the brown ones are made of Italian suede and leather and the brown option is made with vintage-inspired crocodile-embossed leather for an added layer of style. Did you really think Birkenstocks wouldn’t make the list? These sandals are classic and seem to be everywhere the second the sun starts to come out in the springtime. The dark brown color is a bestseller, but this Arizona style also comes in black should you want something new this year. They do fit in unisex sizing but are listed in both on the Zappos site, so don’t panic. These clementine cuties are perfect for spring and summer, and are sold at Target for your connivence. The shoes also come in black, each with fully adjustable stretchy elastic that holds your foot in without the need for buckles or velcro. Hit the trail with these hiking sandals from Teva. The outdoor shoe brand can be found at DSW in a number of styles and colors, but we like the original the best. They have fully adjustable velcro closures with three straps across the foot for stability and awesome tan lines too. Another pair known well on the trails is Chaco, selling strappy hiking and outdoor sandals for all. The Women’s Z/1 style comes in a huge array of colors and patterns to match any mood, made with their LUVSEAT PU midsole designed for a women’s foot. For a closed-toe style of sandal perfect for more intense hiking, turn to KEEN. The outdoor brand is sold on Amazon and in an array of styles, but we wanted to add a closed-toe option to our growing list. While the toe is covered, the rest of your foot can breathe, with openings along the sides and top and a drawstring bungee closure. Break hearts, not feet in these comfy and stylish gladiator sandals. These are from Kenneth Cole’s Gentle Souls line of shoes, made with a multi-layered cushioning system in the sole and breathable leather lining to keep you cool and comfortable all summer long. For strappy sandals in every color, head to Amazon and their fashion label, The Drop. These styles are super easy to wear, coming in white, black, brown, gold and even a snake pattern for some extra pizzazz. Comfort meets style with these strappy sandals. Sold at Clarks, the black leather shoes can be dressed up for date night or down for a walk on the beach. They also come in brown and a taupe and snake combo perfect for spring and summer. For a more punk take on a strappy shoe, try these bestsellers from Dr. Martens. The combat style sandal is made of leather, coming in black or white to match any outfit. The strap around the ankle is adjustable, as well, while the footbed will mold to your foot over time once broken in. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.