Is it a skirt? Is it a short? No, it’s a romper and a must-have closet staple for all your spring and summer plans in 2022. The versatile one-piece can be worn to events like warm-weather weddings or dressed down for the beach over a swimsuit. Plus, since the outfit has pants instead of a skirt, wear it to play outside without fear of a Marilyn Monroe moment. Be sure to pair it with comfy heels or strappy sandals, as shoes are the only thing a romper doesn’t have built-in. Then add a bag and hit the streets. There are a ton of rompers to choose from, too, ranging from fancy to casual, longs-sleeve to sleeveless and everything in between. We rounded up all of the above and more, making sure to offer up a range of prices and sizes, too. Read on for our 2022 picks and then get ready to romp all summer long. Wear this romper daily, we won’t tell. This style from Daily Ritual is a number one bestseller on Amazon, with over 1,000 ratings and seven colors to choose from. It is made of a soft and stretchy terry cloth fabric, ranging in size from an extra small to an XXL. Combine a casual work shirt with the freedom of shorts and you have this romper from Pistola. The denim brand is a great place to stock your wardrobe for spring and summer, as the transition piece is great for cool nights and warm days ahead. This is another top pick from Amazon, with plenty of sizes and colors to choose from. We like this basic beige, as it matches anything, but be sure to take a look at other styles on the site, ranging in size from an extra small to an XXL. Stay comfy and cute this season with this half-hoodie and half-romper combo. Sold in a buttery soft yellow color, the Halara Hooded Half-Zip is a great option for after the beach or for a night bonfire to stay warm. We know this could also be called a jumpsuit, but we had to include this stunning piece from Smash + Tess. They call it The Tuesday Wide Leg Romper, but we think you can wear it any day of the week, in the above orange or in black. This Amazon Choice romper is another must, and over 13,000 people agree. The romper was reviewed more than 13,000 times and now has a 4.4-star rating. It comes in a wide array of colors, too, including floral patterns, solids and more. For a great faux leather look, turn to Saylor. This light pink color is trending for spring and summer, and the added flare on the shoulders and the belt around the waist elevates the romper even more. White a great blank slate for styling, and we love this one from BlankNYC. The denim romper also resembles a boiler suit, which is another hot trend for the season. The romper is made of 100% cotton and comes with pockets on either side, with an elastic waistband for comfort. Dance the night away at a summer wedding or just in your room with this flowy, floral romper from Lulu’s. The mint green color is perfect for the season, decorated with pink flowers and tied together with the belted waist — literally. This romper will become the sweetheart of your closet this spring, sold at Francesca’s right now. The outfit has a sweetheart neckline, as the name suggests, and comes in navy blue, black, white and red for a fun pop of color. Go strapless this spring and summer with this pick from Venus. The strapless romper comes in a fun and floral pattern and ranges in size from an extra small to a 3XL to fit most. Float like a butterfly, and look as pretty as one, too. This flowing romper has bell sleeves that look ready to take off and fly away, making it a lightweight and fun option. The white and navy romper also comes with a white rope belt, adding some nautical flare. For the women on the go, this romper from All In Motion is a great one. The Target brand has a great variety for plus sizes and comes in a brown and a black shade, ranging in size from a 1XL to a 4XL. Juniors and petite ladies take note. This romper from Macy’s is a beautiful look for any outdoor weddings, graduations or just a day on the town. It comes in the above blush pink color and ranges in size from a small to an extra large. For out of town events or those just in your own backyard, this all black number is easy to dress up or down. Sold at Windsor, the romper has the coverage of full sleeves but a peek-a-boo of skin at the waist for a flirty and flattering look. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.