A good wallet is essential in a woman’s day-to-day life. After all, we women have already been denied the basic necessity of pockets in most garments. But scoring a practical wallet shouldn’t negate finding a stylish wallet. Both practicality and style should be able to go hand-in-hand. That’s why we headed to one of our favorite online retailers: Amazon. On Amazon, you can find wallet brands ranging from Michael Kors to Fossil, the Sak and Kate Spade. Best of all, we rounded up wallets across various price points and styles, because we believe there should be something for everyone. To find your ideal wallet (that fit’s more than just one debit and one credit card), keep reading below. If you’re looking for a wallet for the men in your life, check out our men’s options here. Cute and practical? Count us in! We are obsessed with the bright florals this moody wallet delivers. The snap closure also provides the perfect amount of structure and detailing. If you’re looking for a classic and sophisticated wallet, check out this Buxton one. You can’t go wrong with its warm color and gold hardware. Kate Spade is always a yes. You can spot the brand’s iconic colorblocking from a mile away and fall in love with this spacious wallet time and time and again. Sometimes less is more. This bifold pocket wallet is small enough for everyday essentials and comes in over 35 different colors. Add a little sass with this three-toned wallet. It features a hanging tassel as well as the cutest leaf charm. We here at The Post are obsessed with the Sak. Not only is the leather oh-so-soft, but this mini wallet is detailed with gorgeous florals and a keyring. This eggshell and cognac brown trifold wallet exudes sophistication. It will never go out of style, and will become a staple in your wallet collection. It’s not too big, it’s not too small, but it’s just right. Choose from an array of color to find your perfect style match. Oh Michael, you never let us down. We are suckers for the classic Michael Kors logo deign, yet this wallet is made all the better thanks to the pretty pink color. Available in over 25 colors, this trifold wallet will hold everything you need and more Best of all, it’s not bulky. Another one of our Fossil favorites is this leopard print clutch. Carry it alone or toss it in a bag. Whatever you decide, it’s sure to make a statement. Sometimes a wristlet is exactly what you need. This style comes in an array of color and designs, while each one offers countless card slots and pockets. Jump on the croc embossed trend with this bifold zip wallet. The silver hardware against the spiced brown makes it elegant, while the small frame makes it perfect for everyday use. Nautica brings us their Money Manager wallet. We love the snap closure for added security and can’t get enough of their color lineup ranging from pink, red, blue and more. You won’t have to worry about running out of card space with this zip wallet. Instead, you may find yourself with a few extra slots, ideal for storing some upcoming rewards cards. This Timberland leather wallet is just as durable as their shoes. Offered in various color options, you can find the perfect wallet for you. If you loved the SENDEFN biofold wallet from above but need something a bit bigger, you’re in luck. This one features the same great capabilities but comes in a large size for additional storage. You can’t go wrong with Coach. Featuring the brand’s iconic design print and a mocha color, you’ll receive compliments left and right. Ensure each one of your cards has a designated space with this 16 card slot wallet. Choose from over 30 color options. This large wallet is perfect for work and play alike. The color goes with nearly everything, while the body is ideal for top-tier money storage. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.