We don’t know about you, but we are in need of some serious TLC. While we wish getting regular full-body massages and fresh mani pedis was on the weekly agenda, sometimes it’s just not feasible. That’s where essential oil diffusers come in. While many look to essential oil diffusers for the fragrances they provide, aromatherapy can also promote relaxation. Individuals have even claimed that aromatherapy has helped alleviate symptoms of nausea, pain, anxiety and stress. Aromatherapy can also be an incredible addition to your bath-time ritual or nightly routine. We listed our top Amazon essential oil diffusers below to ensure you find the best option for your needs. If you’re also searching for some essential oils to compliment your new diffuser, check out some options here. Note: make sure to read through the fine print, as oils are not created equal. Also, we do want to flag that the essential oil diffusers or oils listed here are not intended to diagnose, cure, treat or prevent any medical needs. If you’re looking to kickstart your essential oil diffuser journey, this is the set for you. Not only does this complete bundle include 10 various essential oils, but the diffuser features seven ambient light modes, 14 color combinations and four timer settings. The product’s auto shutoff feature will also come in handy when your water levels fall low. This ASAKUKI essential oil diffuser looks great, works great and is priced great. You look forward to a large and easy-to-clean 300ml water tank, seven different light color options, mist timer modes and a safety auto shut off function. Best of all, this essential oil diffuser will help purify and humidify the space around you, making your dry skin and lips feel hydrated and supple. There’s nothing worse than hearing “drip, drip, drip” while you sleep. That’s why this Jack and Rose diffuser is one of our favorites. Not only does it look incredibly retro, but it is made with noise reduction technology to help you sleep peacefully. This diffuser is also ideal for large rooms, as it features a 500ml water tank. So go ahead and set the timer to either one, three or six hours to enjoy up to 20 hours of aromatherapy bliss. Small apartment inhabitants, this is the essential oil diffuser for you! It’s compact in size and is perfect for your desk, counter-top and taking on the go. You can look forward to two misting modes that fill a small to medium space and eight soothing light colors. A favorite for a reason, the Vitruvi Stone Diffuser is as beautiful as it is effective. It holds 90ml of water but covers up to 500 square feet. You can set the diffuser to a seven hour interval or a continuous three hour stream.  But what really stands out about this diffuser is that it eliminates the use of heat but relies on ultrasonic technology. Smart home users, delight! This intelligent essential oil diffuser can be used as a manual diffuser or operated by using the companion app. Through the app, you have full control over light colors, mist intensity, timers, scheduling and more. It’s also compatible with Alexa and Google Home, so feel free to control it with your voice. We get it, finding the perfect diffuser for you isn’t just about capability but also about the aesthetic. That’s why we just had to share this adorable pineapple find with you. It features seven soothing light options, an auto shut off function and provides a fine stream. Say hello to a large 500ml tank, seven various light options and different mist modes. In no time, you will experience improved air quality and soothing aromas. A gorgeous take on a classic body, this small diffuser features four timer settings, a steady stream and a quiet experience. Place it upon your nightstand or in your living room for the perfect decorative touch. Not only does this essential oil diffuser look great, but it also comes fully equipped with quiet ultrasonic technology, an auto shut off function and seven soothing light colors. It’s great for spas and homes alike. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.