Sarah Bloom Raskin withdrew her name from consideration for the seven-member Federal Reserve board on Tuesday, citing “relentless attacks by special interests.” Raskin’s decision to withdraw her candidacy comes one day after moderate Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) said he opposed the nomination, effectively killing Raskin’s chances at confirmation. Raskin, the wife of Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-Md.), informed President Biden of her decision in a letter, blaming Republicans who she said had “held hostage” her nomination and those of four others to the Fed board. The letter was first reported by the New Yorker. Republicans, led by Senate Banking Committee ranking member Pat Toomey (R-Pa.), had argued that Raskin would use the Fed’s regulatory authority to discourage banks from lending to oil and gas companies. Raskin, backed by most Democrats, countered that her views aren’t out of the mainstream and said she simply wants the Fed to consider the risks that climate change poses to banks, insurance companies and other financial firms. “It was — and is — my considered view that the perils of climate change must be added to the list of serious risks that the Federal Reserve considers as it works to ensure the stability and resiliency of our economy and financial system,” the former Treasury Department deputy secretary wrote. “[Fed] Chairman [Jerome] Powell has recognized climate change as a significant risk that needs to be incorporated into the supervisory process,” she added. “Any vice chair for supervision who ignored these realities — which are manifesting every day across this country — would be guilty of gross dereliction of duty.” Raskin added that if the opposing senators had pushed against her “belief in the need to integrate climate-based risks and costs into the financial regulatory apparatus, I would have welcomed the opportunity for this important discussion.” She further accused Republicans of attacking her ethics and character without basis in law or fact. Toomey had claimed last month that Raskin had improperly lobbied the Kansas City Fed on behalf of financial tech firm Reserve Trust in 2017 in order to secure the company access to the central bank’s payment system. Raskin said during her confirmation hearing that she did not recall doing so, but added that if she had, “I would have abided by all applicable ethics rules in such communications.” “I have had a long career in which my integrity and character are matters of public record, and therefore I am not concerned with attacks on my character,” Raskin wrote. “I am deeply concerned, however, with the danger that this practice poses to the common good and the willingness of competent and devoted people to serve in government.” She noted that even as she steps away from the nomination, there is “hard and urgent work” for the Federal Reserve to do. “If I step away from this confirmation process, there can be no excuse left for a continued boycott of the Constitution’s ‘advice and consent’ process and the Senate’s corresponding refusal to attend to our nation’s real economic needs.” Republicans on the banking committee had declined to show up for scheduled votes on Raskin’s nomination, denying the panel a quorum and the ability to report the nomination to the full Senate. In a statement following Raskin’s withdrawal, Biden accused Republicans of “baseless attacks” on his nominee. “Unfortunately, Senate Republicans are more focused on amplifying these false claims and protecting special interests than taking important steps toward addressing inflation and lowering costs for the American people,” the president said. “I am grateful for Sarah’s service to our country and for her willingness to serve again, and I look forward to her future contributions to our country.” In order to win confirmation, Raskin needed to attain at least 51 votes in the evenly divided Senate – an impossible task with zero known Republican support as well as Manchin’s opposition. On Monday, the moderate Democrat claimed Raskin’s “previous public statements have failed to satisfactorily address my concerns about the critical importance of financing an all-of-the-above energy policy to meet our nation’s critical energy needs.” The White House has repeatedly defended Raskin in recent weeks, with press secretary Jen Psaki calling her “one of the most qualified individuals” to be nominated for the position. A triumphant Toomey tweeted Tuesday: “The Senate’s bipartisan rejection of Sarah Bloom Raskin’s nomination sends a powerful message to the Fed, and to all financial regulators, that it is not their job to allocate capital or stray from their mission to pursue extraneous or politically charged campaigns.” “The Biden administration should nominate in her place an individual who will focus exclusively on implementing the Fed’s statutory mandates of stable prices, full employment, and supervision of bank holding companies,” he added.