Who’s bad? Paris Jackson, 23, is following in her father’s footsteps, but possibly not in the ways her family had hoped. Michael Jackson’s only daughter recently announced her debut tour which is being promoted by AEG, the production company which ran her father’s last and final tour, TMZ first reported. However, the company was later sued by the Jackson family for wrongful death after the King of Pop’s 2009 fatal drug overdose at the age of 50. The international pop star’s mother, Katherine Jackson, 91, filed the lawsuit in 2010, according to ABC News, for hiring Dr. Conrad Murray, who was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter and served less than two years of a four-year sentence in connection to the musician’s early death, according to the BBC. Murray gave Michael Jackson lethal doses of an anesthetic, propofol, he used as sleep medication. Jackson died on June 25, 2009 in his rented LA mansion. He had been rehearsing for a string of 50 AEG-backed shows scheduled for London. Paris Jackson was 11 years old when she lost her father. The Jackson family lost their lawsuit against AEG several years later when the jury sided with the defense, deciding that Jackson’s death was ultimately due to his drug abuse and that the production company could not be held responsible for his health and habits. Now, nearly a decade since the Jackson family attempted to blame the pop legend’s death on AEG, Paris is set to begin touring with the company this month. Paris released her debut album “Wilted” in November 2020 and recently followed up with her EP titled “The Lost.” She recently announced that she would be going on tour for the first time with her first stop appropriately being in Paris, France, at the La Maroquinerie on Saturday, March 5. Advertising for the tour shows that it is being presented by AEG. Following her solo shows, the musician is scheduled to go on tour along the West Coast with singer-songwriter Patrick Droney later this month. A rep for Paris could not immediately be reached by The Post for comment. When Paris first began her musical career, she acknowledged her legendary father’s influence on Naomi Campbell’s YouTube series “No Filter.” She credits her father’s music and his wide range of musical interests with guiding her own taste and sound. “He loved classical music and jazz, and hip-hop and R&B, and obviously the Motown stuff,” she said. “But also like radio’s Top 40, and he loved rock music, soft rock, The Beatles. So we grew up around all of that, and I feel like all of that somehow influences my stuff, and if you listen to my album, even there’s some movie soundtrack-like influences as well, like Hans Zimmer and Danny Elfman, as well as like rock bands like Radiohead and Manchester Orchestra.” The rising star also noted how her father instilled a strong work ethic in all of his children. “Growing up, it was about earning stuff. If we wanted five toys from FAO Schwarz or Toys R Us, we had to read five books,” she said. “It’s earning it, not just being entitled to certain things or thinking, ‘Oh, I got this.’ It’s like working for it, working hard for it — it’s, it’s something else entirely. It’s an accomplishment.” When Campbell suggested that Paris was too famous to show up for model castings, she insisted that she is “a full believer that I should earn everything.” “I need to . . . I go to auditions, I work hard, I study scripts, I do my thing,” she added. The middle Jackson child has certainly been working hard in recent years, releasing new music, starring in major fashion campaigns and working with charities. But while Paris might be trying to do her own thing, her father’s death is sure to loom over her first tour as she works with AEG.