The family of Bruce Willis announced Wednesday that a diagnosis with the brain disorder aphasia is effectively ending his career — so it would seem inappropriate to make him the butt of bad movie jokes. However, the Golden Raspberry Awards (aka the Razzies) has announced that they are “still discussing” awarding the 67-year-old with the snarky “Worst Performance by Bruce Willis in a 2021 movie” despite his illness. The Razzies are known for being the antithesis of the Oscars — giving out statuettes for the worst performances of the year. The “Die Hard” legend is nominated eight times — for eight separate movies released in 2021 — in his own category. Following the reveal of the “Pulp Fiction” actor’s devastating diagnosis, the anti-awards body tweeted out, “The Razzies are truly sorry for #BruceWillis diagnosed condition. Perhaps this explains why he wanted to go out with a bang in 2021. Our best wishes to Bruce and family.” The organization’s apparent choice to not immediately cancel the award category garnered a great deal of backlash on social media, with one commenter writing: “Maybe instead you should delete your account and while you’re at it, cancel your smug and artless awards program.” Another Twitter critic added, “Ya’ll really should’ve just not said anything,” while another social media watchdog chimed in with a simple, “f——–k you.” Meanwhile, Razzies co-founders John J. B. Wilson and Mo Murphy told IndieWire, “We are truly sorry to hear about Willis’ diagnosis, of which we were unaware until the story broke earlier today.” They continued in their statement, “In Willis’ defense, perhaps his reps should not have let him do such a high volume of work in so short a time. We offer our best wishes to Bruce and his family.” However, just a short while later, Wilson released another statement to the outlet: “We are still discussing how to handle the news about Willis’ diagnosis and will get back to you.” He also explained that the Razzies didn’t know of Willis’ condition at the time of the nominations and they became aware of his diagnosis for the first time on March 30 along with the rest of the world. The Post has reached out to the Razzies for comment. Aphasia is a medical condition that can affect someone’s ability to speak, write and understand language, both verbal and written. The “Moonlighting” actor’s family posted the same statement to each of their Instagram accounts regarding Willis’ condition. “To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities,” their captions read, adding that he will be “stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.” “This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support,” continued the statement. “We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him.”