There is only one — and there can only ever be one — first “American Idol”: Kelly Clarkson. Catapulted to fame by winning the first season of the hit series, the living legend has stayed at the top of pop culture since the first day she crossed the world’s television screens. The multitalented, multiaward-winning powerhouse has touched the entire globe with her voice, personality and heart — becoming one of the most successful artists in history. Clarkson, 39, was never meant to settle — taking over the most popular daytime television talk show slot and carefully crafting a legacy all her own. The best part about it, though, is that it is clear that she’s having fun while doing it! As a lead judge on “The Voice,” hosting and performing at award shows, and set to become one of the most memorable performers of Christmas music, Clarkson’s light is effervescent, expansive and empowering. In a major period of transformation as she steps into a new persona as Kelly Brianne, as well as finding her way again after a painful divorce and juggling motherhood, Clarkson is on a mission to live life to the fullest. So was she always destined for greatness or did she truly just get a “big break?” Will she find love again? Join me as I take a deep dive into her stars because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Kelly Clarkson was born on April 24, 1982. This makes her a strong Taurus sun with a sensual Taurus moon. While her birth time is not listed online (but she can certainly reach out to me directly for an even more specific reading. Hi, yes, hello, you’ll love me.), I can still tell a lot about who she is as a human being. When it comes to elements, she is dominated by earth and water energy predominantly. In this regard, she’s like a garden: She knows how to plant seeds and give them the right emotion, sensitivity and nourishment so that she can flourish abundantly in any way that she chooses. Clarkson is a true embodiment of the archetype of Aphrodite or Venus: the goddess of love, beauty, art and elegance. Upon reviewing her birth chart there is one theme that stands out repeatedly: Clarkson is an artist to the core of her being. Her love for the arts is more pronounced than nearly anyone I’ve ever done a reading upon before — she’s breathtaking, visionary and poetic. The fact that her chart also calls out her imaginative and provocative use of music over and over is also very telling — it’s as if the stars above chose her to be the voice of a generation. Her Mercury, the planet of communication, dances perfectly with Venus, the planet of creativity, in an exact alignment. Her moon, ruling her emotional inner life, also links with her Venus, too, bringing her captivating popularity for her work and an intrinsic appreciation of beauty. Her sun, ruling her life force, also sings hymns with Neptune, the planet of fantasy, bringing her an unworldly, mystical and even transcendent quality to her personality and artistry. Pure and simple: Her art is a form of magic. I’m getting goosebumps just writing this (and listening to her songs because, uh, she’s brilliant). Clarkson’s legacy, however, will not just be built upon her artistic career alone, though —and this is because of many other astrological aspects that can be seen in her natal chart. Her immense popularity, charm and magnetism are written repeatedly in her birth chart, and her planets link and weave a story of a woman who is compassionate, empathic and genuine. Her sun — linked to her natural radiance — and moon — tied to her soul — are amplified a billion times as they ballet with Jupiter — the planet of fortune, luck and optimism. She is generous, courageous and was meant to bring light into the world. She ultimately leaves everyone she meets or connects with feeling more hopeful and inspired. Of course this also means that favor has often smiled upon her, as she’s had a natural tendency to take the lead, put herself out there and then impress others who then reward and praise her. Her moon is also united with Mercury, bringing her an honest, logical, intelligent and direct approach in communication, but also a sense of humor and wit that is subtle and humble, too. Clarkson is certainly ambitious, with her sun staring Pluto in the face, bringing her a strong personality and focus to be recognized and admired. She certainly knows how to get her way, but with her Pluto holding hands with Neptune, it shows that she always operates out of her highest good and likes to make everyone happy. The last thing I’ll note here is that many aspects also reveal that she is truly authentic—independent in her way of living her life and proud of who she is. As her Mars smiles upon Uranus, she’s passionate about being a free spirit. Because of all of these factors, I do believe that Clarkson could become one of the greatest pop culture personalities and icons of our time. When you’re already at the top of your game, how can you go even higher? When it comes to Clarkson’s stars, she’s still on the rise. Fresh off a separation from ex-husband, Brandon Blackstock, and embarking on a name change to Kelly Brianne, she’s ready to embrace a whole new chapter. So first off, what’s been going on in her life cosmically to lead her to this point? A lot of factors, actually. Uranus, the planet of revolution, change and freedom entered her sun sign of Taurus in May 2018, creating chaos and immense evolution within her internally as well as upon her path. Uranus will continue to shake her out of stale patterns, projects and relationships that do not ultimately fulfill her until 2026. The best part about this is that even if it’s difficult, it’s waking her up to live as unapologetically and authentically as possible. She’s breaking ground everywhere she sets foot and living vibrantly. No longer can she be kept in a box. She craves more freedom and independence. When it comes to her professional life, Saturn, the planet of perseverance and strength, is at the crown of her solar chart from 2021 to the spring of 2023 — helping her to establish a legacy of success, fame and glory that has the potential to echo on for decades ahead. But what about Clarkson’s personal life? Well, as I mentioned before, ever since Uranus entered Taurus, she’s been eager to break free of anyone that has kept her down. Blackstock was born on Dec. 16, 1976. This makes him a Sagittarius sun with a Libra moon. Interestingly enough, since 2020, Blackstock was experiencing powerful eclipses that were focused upon revelations in partnerships and the inevitable separation from anyone where they weren’t on the same page. Tie this with Clarkson’s desire to break free, and the two were destined to shatter apart. Clarkson in 2022 and 2023 will be experiencing mighty eclipses — representing destiny— around partnerships, too, which are causing her to leave unhealthy ones behind her once and for all. However, because there are multiple eclipses highlighting her relationships, in 2023 and 2024, Jupiter, the planet of miracles and healing, will enter her sun sign, too, I actually see that Clarkson will end up starting a new chapter and could quite possibly fall in love again in the near future. Even though she has mentioned she thinks she’ll “be single forever,” my wisdom says that the best is still ahead. You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. Visit KyleThomasAstrology.com for more information.