Here at the New York Post, we believe you should be as bold as your lipstick. But there’s one problem, lipstick can sometimes be drying, stiff and uncomfortable. That’s why we dove into the world of lip tints, which often provide the lips with a natural flush of color and lip balm-like hydration. To ensure we are all on the same page about lip tints, we reached out to four beauty professionals to get their expertise. First up, we have Kate Synnott, ROEN’s beauty creative director, followed by Lori Taylor Davis, global lead pro artist for Smashbox Cosmetics, then Nick Lujan, global director of artistry and education for Kevyn Aucoin and finally Emma Willis from Mane Addicts. Each expert shares their take on what lip tints are, how they are used, their favorite products and more. If you rather skip ahead to our expert-recommended lip tints, simply click here. Want to check out our picks? Click here. According to Lujan, lip tints “stand out from the entire lip category because they don’t quite feel like a lipstick or a gloss.” This is because lip tints are typically made with lightweight formulas, shared Synnott. Due to the thin formula, it’s important to note that you will not receive the same color payoff as you would a lipstick or thick gloss. Though, Lujan loves the single layer approach, as he says it looks like your “lips were stained after eating cherries, berries or apopsicle.” Lip tints stick best when the lips are free of any additional product, explained Davis. To ensure you’re on the right track, Lujan suggests opting for a lip scrub first, such as the Sugar Lip Polish from fresh ($18). Then, you can reach for a small lip brush, per Synnott’s recommendation, or use your finger to dab on the product. Lujan suggests applying the product in sheer layers and allowing it to fully dry in between each layer, as this will deliver the best color payoff. Our experts outline exactly what you should look for. “It’s important to have hydration and nourishment — lip tints can look dry if they don’t have skincare benefits for your lips,” shared Synnott, and Lujan echoes that same sentiment. Willis and Davis also evaluate a good lip tint based on its color pigment and application, ensuring the formula applies evenly, is buildable and long-wearing. The last thing to evaluate before shopping for your ideal lip tint is knowing which shades are best for you. With the help of our experts, we curated an easy-to-follow guide below: While that is a streamlined list, you shouldn’t be afraid to play with color — go with whatever you like! Makeup is supposed to be fun. This is because “the color will always be slightly defused once absorbed into the skin and lips,” explained Willis. It only makes sense for the original cheek and lip tint to be first on this expert recommended list. Simply draw three small strokes on the apples of your cheeks and blend quickly. For lips, apply evenly and build color if desired. Using the tip of the brush, outline your cupid’s bow. With a small amount of product, start at the center and blend out. All you need is one coat for a “just-bitten” look. Full of vibrant color and intense hydration, this lip stain is simply gorgeous. Best of all, you can look forward to high shine gloss. According to the website, this Honest Tinted Lip Balm is made with antioxidant-rich acai extracts and avocado oil. You can also snag your ideal color from seven various options. Packed with intense color, this lip stain is long wearing and lightweight. For bold color payoff, apply the product directly to the lips. For a more diffused look, tap your finger onto the tip of the product and then dap it onto the lips. Prepare for 12 hours of wear and zero chances of transfer. It’s perfect for those no-makeup makeup days. Who doesn’t want a lip balm that delivers moisture and sheer color? It’s great for on-the-go application and is free of sulfates, parabens and phthalates. Available in three gorgeous shades, this twist-up lip tint is packed with nutrients. Trust us, you won’t be able to get enough of its soft color and amazing formula. Yes, it’s long wearing. Yes, it’s matte. Yes, you’ll love it. But you know what it’s not? Drying. So enjoy eight hours of comfortable, smudge-proof wear. How could we have a roundup of the best lip tints without mentioning the cult-classic Clinique Almost Lipstick? We once thought it was overrated too, but it’s 100% worth the hype. Give your lips a little lift with this plumping lip serum. With a slight tingle and a high-shine formula, you’ll be hooked. If Hailey Bieber likes it, we must too, right? But in all seriousness, this bareMinerals lip gloss-balm deliver beautiful color and ultimate hydration. For just $4, you can’t say no. Not only is the formula 100% natural, but the minty smell and intense color payoff makes it well worth it. Not sure which lip tint shade is right for you? Luckily, this Buxom lip balm creates the perfect shade of pink according to you very own lips. We know, it’s some crazy magic. Create a sultry pout with this rose gold ointment. Opt for a monochromatic look by applying it to the apples of your cheeks too. Because getting ready doesn’t have to be hard. It smells good, tastes good and looks even better. Plus, you’ll be on your way to plump, soft lips in no time. Another one of our favorites is ITEM Beauty’s Lip Quip. While it’s technically a gloss, it feels more like an oil, as it instantly melts into your lips providing a comfortable, dewy finish. Glossier never lets us down, and that goes for their Balm Dotcom product as well. Simply swipe it onto your lip using your finger, and you’re done. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.