New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, as the NCAA Tournament is upon us. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer, and bet on March Madness risk free. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Other sportsbooks make you play a free-bet award on one, all-or-nothing proposition. Not at BetMGM. Let’s say you bet $1,000 on a team to win in March Madness, but the team loses. Hey, it happens. But with the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you would quickly receive $1,000 in free bets to use at your will.  Caesars new customer offer provides bettors with a fantastic start to life at Caesars, and with an epic lineup of sports, you are spoiled for choices of where to place your first sports bet. Caesars new customer offer provides bettors with a fantastic start to life at Caesars, and with an epic lineup of sports, you are spoiled for choice of where to place your first sports bet. March Madness is well underway, and the Sweet 16 begins on March 24. No. 1 seeds Gonzaga, Kansas, and Arizona are all still in the hunt, with fellow top-seed Baylor knocked out by North Carolina. Attention turns to international soccer, as the USMNT continues their world cup qualifying campaign, with a trio of games against Mexico, Panama, and Costa Rica. The USA has not yet sealed their place at Qatar in November, with a lot at stake needing four points from three games to qualify. Spring training is underway as we are just two weeks away from Baseball season. The Yankees take on the Orioles, after city rivals New York Mets defeated Houston Astros 2-0 yesterday. The Nets and Knicks are both in action tonight, with both teams on the road. Brooklyn travels to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies, whilst the Knicks take on the Hornets. BetMGM are giving new customers an alternative new customer offer, specific to March Madness. All you have to do is place a $10 wager on any March Madness moneyline, and if a three-pointer is scored in the game, you’ll win $200 in free bets. The three-point ball is the ultimate weapon in basketball and college teams have been moving towards attempting more shots from beyond the arc over the past few years. A sure-fire way of earning yourself $200 in free bets, so be sure to cash in on an excellent promotion. Please note: New customers can only claim either the risk-free bet or March Madness promo, meaning the choice is yours. Is there a better month for basketball fans than March? Whilst bettors are focused on the NCAA Tournament, let’s not forget the exciting NBA season we have unfolding in front of our eyes.  BetMGM are combining the two competitions, giving all customers a $10 free bet for the Sweet 16 if you bet at least $50 on any NBA game. Simply place a $50 pre-game or live wager on any NBA game this week, and you’ll receive a $10 free bet, regardless of the outcome of your wager. 