They’re legends of the fall. These celebrities fell from grace — and we’re not talking about their careers. While A-listers might seem like paragons of poise and elegance, that doesn’t mean they don’t fall on their faces from time to time. In fact, we’re surprised these stars don’t eat it more often given how cameras are seemingly on them 24/7. In perhaps the most viral recent celeb spill, “The View” host Joy Behar did a “Jackass”-worthy faceplant while walking out onstage at the start of the live show. Thankfully, she was not hurt in the tumble. Now, with the 2022 Academy Awards on the horizon, we decided to wrangle a dozen Oscar-worthy wipeouts that make Behar’s look like a mere stutter-step. She kissed a floor and she liked it? Katy Perry proved being a pop star is no cake-walk after eating it multiple times during a cake-laden appearance at Los Premios (essentially the Latin American VMAs) in 2008. The moment came at the end of the Grammy winner’s performance of “I Kissed A Girl,” in which Perry, 37, dove into a colossal pink cake as a grand finale. Unfortunately, she apparently didn’t calculate the frosting’s slipperiness, and subsequently slipped and fell several times like Bambi on ice. You perform enough times on stage, you’re statistically guaranteed to take at least one dive. Among the most unique pratfalls was Justin Bieber’s epic trapdoor plunge during a 2016 show in Saskatoon, Canada. In the clip, the “Baby” singer can be seen strolling across the stage, when all of a sudden, he vanishes into the floor a la “The Prestige” while the crowd cries out in shock. Thankfully, the Biebs popped his head out afterward and flashed the “I’m ok” hand gesture, setting fan minds at ease. “Good thing I’m like a cat and I landed on my feet,” said a relieved Bieber, 28, reflecting on his impromptu Houdini-ing. “Oh my lord. That scared the f–k outta me.” Everyone dreads embarrassing themselves in front of their celebrity idol. This nightmare became a reality for one Lady Gaga fan, who accidentally dropped the 35-year-old singer during a 2019 concert in Las Vegas. The unnamed Gaga supporter had picked the “Born This Way” singer up while dancing as an apparent audience participation stunt. Things went south after he lost his balance, sending the pair toppling off the stage into the aghast crowd. Thankfully, the “House Of Gucci” actress was reportedly fine following the fall, presumably preventing the poor fellow from having to go into witness protection to escape vengeful fans. Gaga subsequently got back on stage and belted out a rendition of “Bad Romance” as if nothing had happened. Talk about a “Poker Face.” In a similar gaffe from 2018, one of Taylor Swift’s backup dancers swept the singer off her feet — and not in the romantic “Love Story” way. The trippy incident occurred on the Grammy winner’s Reputation Stadium Tour in New Jersey while the star was singing “Call It What You Want.” During the number, the oblivious groover dropped to the ground and performed a roundhouse capoeira sweep, inadvertently upending Swift, 32, a la a “Street Fighter” game. Fortunately, Tay Tay took the takedown like a champ: She immediately sprang back to her feet and playfully pushed the offender before resuming her performance. The wipeout made a splash on social media with Redditors invoking Martin Kove’s immortal “sweep the leg” line from “Karate Kid.” Others joked that incidents like this are why Swift insures her stems for $40 million. “No Way Home” star Zendaya nearly broke the online multiverse after she tripped while trying to enter a building in Rome in February. The spill wasn’t especially spectacular — the 25-year-old Emmy winner was caught by security guards mid-stumble — but it did spawn a tsunami of hilarious memes. One fan even posted screenshot of the iconic “No Way Home” scene in which Andrew Garfield’s Spiderman reacts to MJ (Zendaya) plummeting from a building. The singer even shared an Instagram story of herself laughing uncontrollably at some of the outrageous posts. When it comes to legends of the fall, few compare to Kelsey Grammer toppling off the dais while speaking at Disney’s 50th Anniversary show. Footage of the accidental stage dive at Disneyland in 2005 has circulated the internet many times over while Grammer’s mid-fall exclamation of “oh good lord” has been memed into oblivion. The 67-year-old “Frasier” star opened up about the incident in a 2019 appearance on “Jim & Sam,” in which he attributed his plunge to a lighting issue. “I rehearsed it with the lights on and then when I did the show there was just the spotlight,” the comedian recalled. “It was dark so I lost track of where the edge of the stage was.” And, contrary to the prevailing reports, the actor reportedly did sustain injuries in the fall. “It was not pretty,” lamented Grammer, who said he hit one of the stage’s star designs and scraped himself from knee to “buttocks.” He added, “I finished the show and went to the hospital.” She’s the Queen Of Flop. Madonna stopped fans’ hearts after biting it while performing at the Brit Music Awards in 2015. In the video, Madonna’s huge cape appeared to get snagged by one of her dancers, yanking the 63-year-old icon backward and sending her head over heels down a mini staircase. The sound of her hitting sent gasps throughout the 20,000-seat 02 Arena. The 63-year-old music icon recounted the incident on “The Jonathan Ross Show,” describing “I didn’t hurt my butt, but I hurt my head.” “I had a little bit of whiplash, I smacked the back of my head,” the Rock and Roll Hall Of Famer added. “I had a man standing over me with a flashlight until about 3 a.m. to make sure I was compos mentis.” Madonna chalked up the incident to her cape being tied too tight, which forced her to choose between getting strangled or falling down. Fans got a closer celebrity encounter than intended after Miguel accidentally kicked two women while stage diving at the 2013 Billboard Music Awards. Two years later, one of the victims sued the 36-year-old singer and Las Vegas MGM Grand Hotel (where the awards show took place). She alleged that she’d been injured during Miguel’s botched crowd surfing attempt, and wanted the star and venue to help cover both her medical bills and lost wages. Celebrity spills are generally judged on the fame of the victim, the severity of the fallmand the size of the event during which it occurred. Rami Malek ticked all three boxes after he plummeted dramatically off-stage after winning the best actor Oscar at the 2019 Academy Awards. The tumble occurred while the 40-year-old “Bohemian Rhapsody” star was departing the stage after the live broadcast had panned way from him. Malek was subsequently attended to by medics in the front row. Fortunately, he appeared to be uninjured in the fall. And the Oscar for most epic celebrity pratfall goes to? Jennifer Lawrence. The “Silver Linings Playbook” star lived out every actress’s worst nightmare after faceplanting while walking up the steps to accept her Best Actress Oscar in 2013. After receiving a standing ovation, Lawrence, 31, acknowledged the wipeout during her acceptance speech, saying, “You’re only standing up because you feel bad that I fell and that’s really embarrassing.” Perhaps even worse than eating it on Hollywood’s biggest stage was the “fallout:” Lawrence recalled seeing a CNN report where host Anderson Cooper wondered if her spill was a stunt. A “fired up” J. Law reportedly confronted the TV journalist at a Christmas party, whereupon he reportedly apologized for his fake news allegations. The “American Hustle” actress doubled down on going down at the 2014 Oscars when she ate it on the red carpet after appearing to trip over her own dress. Then, in true J. Law style, Lawrence threw her head back and laughed. Ahead of every major award show, the Tinseltown Twitterati will circulate this pic of R&B artist Jason Derulo supposedly going butt-over-elbow down the stairs Met Gala in 2015. It’s one of the most iconic falling shots in entertainment history. Unfortunately, it’s not a celebrity fall because it’s a complete hoax. The falling figure isn’t J.D. but rather a random male attendee at the Cannes Film Festival in 2011; in fact, Derulo has reportedly never been to the Met Gala. So don’t fall for it at this year’s Oscars.