The Rangers have needed all the help they can get recently on offense, but on Friday, it was two of their stars coming through once again. Mika Zibanejad opened the scoring and Chris Kreider finished it off on another productive night for the top line in the win over the Devils. Zibanejad now has 14 points (six goals, eight assists) over his last 12 games and 26 points (10 goals, 16 assists) over his last 21 games. Kreider, meanwhile, kept pace in the hunt for the Maurice “Rocket” Richard Trophy, as his 36 goals trailed only Leon Draisaitl (38) and Auston Matthews (37) entering Saturday. “It’s huge,” coach Gerard Gallant said. “Our top players, they score big goals for us at the right time. Sometimes you get frustrated a little bit, the game’s not going your way, and they make a big play. That’s what they do for us.” Barclay Goodrow’s presence as a Swiss army knife continues to be valuable for Gallant as he puts together his lineup each game. The veteran forward, who has played in the Rangers’ top six this season, spent the past few games moving around the bottom six. After forming an effective fourth line with Ryan Reaves and Kevin Rooney, Goodrow bumped up to left wing on the third line Friday to play with Filip Chytil and Julien Gauthier. Gallant made the move after Kevin Rooney went on injured reserve with an upper-body injury, but lauded Goodrow for his willingness to play any position on any line. “I don’t see any difference no matter if he plays right wing, center or left wing, I really don’t,” Gallant said. “He likes all three positions. I think he prefers center a little bit, but he’s never said a word and he plays the same way no matter where he plays.” Goodrow said he doesn’t prefer one spot in particular. “Not really,” Goodrow said. “I just want to win hockey games. Whatever position the coaches think is going to help out the most, that’s what I”m willing to do.” Rooney and Kaapo Kakko, both on IR, did not join the team for their four-game road trip that begins Sunday.