Gonzaga was invited to the party. Goliath was not. Unlike one year ago when Gonzaga was chasing a historic undefeated season until the very end, this NCAA Tournament isn’t expected to be about the heavyweights moving on while madness happens around them. In the spirit of any good party that ends near Bourbon Street, it’s anyone’s guess who will be the last in the crowd standing when the Final Four reaches New Orleans. Sure, there are familiar names at the top of the brackets, led by Gonzaga, the No. 1-overall seed and atop one of the four regions (West) for the fourth time in the last five tournaments. That’s not to overshadow defending-champion Baylor, which is a No. 1 seed (East) for the second consecutive year and looking to repeat after ruining Gonzaga’s bid to finish 32-0 by winning last year’s final. Most of the blue-blood programs are at the top, too. Kansas (Midwest) and Arizona (South) hold No. 1 seeds for the 15th and seventh times, respectively, since 1985. Three of the four No. 2 seeds — Kentucky, Duke and Villanova — are regulars this decade in the Elite Eight and beyond, and even party-crasher Auburn was a questionable late whistle away from playing for the title as recently as 2019. Since the NCAA Tournament expanded to 64 teams (and later to 68) in 1985, there have been eight championship games between two No. 1 seeds, like last year’s. But there also has been eight championship games played without a No. 1 seed, and the top-eight teams in this field all are vulnerable enough to have at least three losses. Actually, four of the top eight — Arizona, Duke, Auburn and Kentucky — weren’t even part of March Madness last year. Tom Burnett, chairman of the selection committee, said during CBS’ bracket reveal that 10 slightly different brackets were in play throughout Sunday, when Richmond (Atlantic 10) burst bubbles by winning their conference’s automatic bid and Texas A&M (SEC) nearly did the same a day after Virginia Tech won the ACC in stunning fashion. In the 32 conference tournaments, 17 top seeds were upset, so buyers beware when picking an all-chalk bracket. The tournament starts with the First Four matchups, highlighted by Wyoming and Indiana battling for the No. 12 seed in the East on Tuesday and Rutgers and Notre Dame fighting for No. 11 in the West on Wednesday. Those were the last four teams in, while the first four teams out were Dayton, Oklahoma, SMU and Texas A&M. They become the COVID-19 contingency teams (in that order) if a replacement is needed by Monday. For the believers in a Hollywood ending, retiring Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski didn’t win his final home game at Cameron Indoor Stadium nor his final ACC Tournament. Those two upset losses become a footnote to history if a team led by two presumptive NBA lottery picks, Paolo Banchero and AJ Griffin, emerges from a South gauntlet and leads Krzyzewski to his sixth national title.  The opposite of the seasoned Krzyzewski is Kevin Nickelberry, who will make his LSU coaching debut in the first round, after the school fired Will Wade on Saturday in response to an NCAA Notice of Allegations for recruiting violations. The South’s No. 5 Houston, the American Athletic Conference champion, is a metrics darling — ranked No. 3 in the all-important NET after taking a historically easy path to the 2021 Final Four. Looking for a scorching-hot Cinderella? The South’s No. 3 Tennessee — a potential under-seed — and the Midwest’s No. 5 Iowa looked dominant winning their respective SEC and Big Ten tournaments Sunday, though history has shown that can be fool’s gold because the four- or five-day layoff acts as a cooling mechanism. If guards are the key to success, there might be none better than two Big Ten rivals — Purdue’s Jaden Ivey and Wisconsin’s Johnny Davis — who are in the mix to be the top pick in the NBA draft, along with Auburn’s Jabari Smith, Gonzaga’s Chet Holmgren and the Duke duo. Villanova is the best free-throw shooting team of all time, an advantage late in close games. The Big Ten led with nine bids, followed by the Big East, Big 12 and SEC with six each, and an uncharacteristically low five from the ACC. Rutgers made history with the lowest NET ranking (78) of any at-large team since the metric was introduced in 2018.