When style-conscious millennial mom Tiffany Herr realized that she and her three kids had outgrown her swanky Mercedes-Benz GL550 in 2021, she did something that surprised those who know her: She got a minivan. But not just any old family car. Herr, whose kids range in age from 2 to 8,  was one of the first moms in her Avon, Ind., community to snag the ultramodern 2022 Kia Carnival SX Prestige last spring. The pimped out minivan, which set the online style influencer back about $48,000, offers power-reclining, heated seats with foot rests and came complete with plush leather interior, two built-in televisions, self-driving features, Wi-Fi, phone charging ports and interior and exterior cameras. “I wanted something sleek and cool, but that was also comfortable and roomy for my kids,” Herr, 31, told The Post. “My Kia is so badass and so practical at the same time. I don’t even miss my Benz.” Long maligned and cast aside for huge SUVs, the minivan is having a stylish comeback. Carmakers, such as Kia, Toyota and Chrysler are offering new versions with luxe details, state-of-the-art technologies and cool style, drawing comparisons to hipper cars like the Land Cruiser. Volkswagen has been teasing a modern, electric version of its classic minibus called the ID Buzz, which will finally hit the US market in 2024 after years of breathless anticipation. Meanwhile, popular auto YouTuber Freddy Hernandez, better known as Tavarish, is currently rebuilding and supercharging a Chrysler Pacifica at the Classic Car Club in Manhattan. And, in no surer sign of the minivan’s comeback, Kim Kardashian just opted for one for her latest wheels. No mere tot-transporter and Cheerio-collector, it’s a Maybach with a $400,000 price tag. “It took us around six months to build that minivan for her,” luxury car dealer RD Whittington, 38, told The Post of Kardashian’s new ride, the only one of its kind in the US. Whittington and his team at Wires Only in Beverly Hills, Calif., collaborated with Kardashian to create a black-interior ride furnished with a specialized partition, a built-in flat screen TV that rolls up and down, hidden seats that unfold with the press of a button, two Maybach-style reclining seats with massage capabilities, a mini fridge, wireless phone charging stations and Wi-Fi. And her voguish vehicle made its world premiere on the Discovery+ series “Million Dollar Wheels” Monday. “Kim is an amazing mother who loves driving her kids where they need to go,” said Whittington of the tots the reality star shares with estranged husband Kanye West. “She wanted a cool car — not a Sprinter or a run-of-the-mill minivan — that’s customized for her busy family’s specific needs.” The auto embellisher — who’s also decked out vehicles for celebs such as musician J Balvin, 36, and Oscar winner Jamie Foxx, 54 — says parents of all tax brackets are now in the market for posh, yet practical minivans. “Moms and dads want to drive their kids to school, games and events in something that’s cool and comfortable,” he said. “And they want that same car to showcase their personal styles after they drop their kids off.”