President Biden will personally attend a meeting of NATO heads of state next week to discuss the military alliance’s response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine — after dispatching Vice President Kamala Harris on two prior missions to Europe to handle the crisis. Biden will participate in the March 24 summit in Brussels, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Tuesday. The leaders will “discuss ongoing deterrence and defense efforts in response to Russia’s unprovoked and unjustified attack on Ukraine” and “reaffirm our ironclad commitment to our NATO allies,” Psaki said at her regular briefing. Biden also will attend a European Council summit to discuss “efforts to impose economic costs on Russia, provide humanitarian support to those affected by the violence and address other challenges related to the conflict,” she said. The press secretary declined to say whether Biden was likely to visit NATO member nations along Ukraine’s border — or if he would meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. The prime ministers of the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovenia traveled to Ukraine’s capital city, Kyiv, on Tuesday in a show of support for Zelensky as Russian troops close in on the country’s major urban areas. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. It will be Biden’s third trip abroad as president. His first trip abroad in June last year featured a NATO summit in Brussels followed by a Geneva summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Biden previously dispatched Harris to deal with the crisis — first to meet with US allies at the Munich Security Conference in Germany in February to rally deterrence to Putin (who invaded Ukraine days later) and then to Poland and Romania, where Harris was left to awkwardly defend Biden’s decision to reject Warsaw’s offer to donate fighter jets to the US for the purposes of conveying them to Ukraine. “I want to be very clear: The United States and Poland are united in what we have done and are prepared to do to help Ukraine and the people of Ukraine, full stop,”  Harris said at a Thursday press conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda. However, the Biden administration stance is at odds with Poland’s actions. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the US would give Poland a “green light” for the transfer days before the president himself nixed the idea, later saying the transfer could trigger World War III. Biden faces bipartisan political pressure from Congress to reconsider the fighter jet idea. In addition to the president’s trip, the White House reportedly is considering sending first lady Jill Biden to Eastern Europe, possibly to Poland, to survey the status of refugees fleeing Ukraine.