Sew you think you need a new machine? Pardon our pun, but for crafty folks at home, this article is for you. Sewing machines are really a modern luxury to have, as they not only provide endless ideas for crafting and fun projects, but can also take going to the tailor out of your routine, saving you money on basic hemming, repairs and alterations. We know all too well from shopping online that sometimes pants come too long and tops may come with snags or tears, so investing in a sewing machine is a great idea for those that also want to learn a new, handy skill. To make it even easier, we rounded up a few bestselling picks from retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Michaels and more, spanning top brands like Singer, Brother and so on. Or should we say, sew on? Singer is the name of the game when it comes to sewing, and we found this beaut on Amazon for an easy shop. The Singer Heavy Duty machine is perfect for all types of projects and comes with 23 built-in stitches, an automatic needle threading feature and a 25-year warranty. Oh, brother. Is it time for a new machine? Check out this one from Brother, also sold on Amazon. The machine can be purchased as is, or with a hard case for easy storage and transport. It also comes with 37 built-in stitches, an automatic needle threader and free tech support via the Brother site, live chat or phone. For a machine and all the goodies you need, check out this bundle deal from Baby Lock. The machine is sold on Sewing Machines Plus, and is not only on sale but also comes with a free accessories bundle with 18 spools of thread, needles and feet for every type of project. This is another top pick from Amazon, landing itself on the Amazon Choice list with some pretty great ratings. This Bernette machine comes with 23 stitches and seven presser feet for all projects, plus bobbins and needles. This one is a mechanical sewing machine, so you won’t find any programmed stitches or computerized controls here. For a great machine that is designed to be easy to use, check out this pick from Janome. The computerized machine is sold on Walmart and is currently on sale for just under $200, saving you $100 that you can spend on thread and fabrics. When in doubt of your next stitch, why not choose one of the 100 in this Juki machine? The computerized sewing machine is sold on Amazon and comes with 100 programmed stitches, making learning new sewing skills a breeze. It currently has a 4.5-star rating out of five, making it a great bet to check out. Another coveted brand is Husqvarna, and lucky for you, Amazon sells one of their models. The Viking Emerald 116 has a matching stripe of that color on top, coming with a built-in needle threader, one-step buttonhole and a sewing guide reference chart to make sure you are using the right settings for your project. Teach your little ones the skill of sewing or just have this stored away for when you need a quick stitch on the go. This mini sewing machine from Amazon is a great starter machine for those learning, or for those with minimal space. It comes with an extension table for ease of use and also comes with a 42 piece sewing accessory kit with needles, thread, bobbins and more. Another great pick for beginners or kids is this white and lilac machine, sold at Walmart. The machine is also now on sale for $55, coming with 12 built-in stitches, both an electric and pedal control system and an LED light function. After choosing a sewing machine from above, add on this embroidery machine from Brother to complete all your crafting. The Brother machine is sold on Amazon and comes with 80 built-in embroidery designs spanning kids’ characters, holiday designs and more. It also has a USB port to upload your own designs and English and Japanese fonts to add text to your creations. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.