One client shelled out $43,416. Another transferred $26,909. And one forked over $23,199. Federal prosecutors in Manhattan released a redacted document that shows the cash flow from wealthy johns to Claudia Drury, who was allegedly forced into prostitution by accused sex cult leader Larry Ray. The documents filed Tuesday night show transfers from 35 clients to Drury that totaled $225,339 over a number of years she was meeting clients, allegedly at the behest of Ray. One slide in the document, which was described to jurors at Ray’s sex-trafficking trial Wednesday by FBI investigator Mark Lubin, lists three unredacted names of clients and shows the amounts of money they wired to Drury. One client named Barry Pool wired Drury more than $14,500. Another client named Kenneth Mumma paid $4,855, according to the document. Randy Levinson, an alleged john who testified at the trial last week, paid $43,416. Another slide shows the flow of money in and out of a TD Bank account controlled by Drury from 2015 to 2019. Among the sources of money into the account is “transfers from clients,” which accounted for $179,900 from 29 transactions between 2016 and 2018, according to the documents. The johns included a Frank Washington, who paid $44,000 through seven transfers over those years, according to the documents. Another client, Stuart Piltch, wired Drury $89,400 in 16 transfers, the document shows. Theodore O’Neal transferred money six times, shelling out a total of $46,500, according to the evidence. The johns listed on the publicly filed document match names on a “client list” that was drawn up by Drury in 2018 and sent to Ray’s alleged cohort, Isabella Pollok. The full, unredacted list was inadvertently published by the US Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York last week. The financial documents also include details about bank accounts in the names of Pollok and another alleged victim, Felicia Rosario. The documents include breakdowns of money Rosario and Pollok donated to the North Carolina Democratic Party in 2018. Rosario made nine transfers from her account to the Tar Heel State Dems that totaled $15,500, according to the documents. Pollok made a total of 14 transfers to the party that totaled $10,647, the documents show. The donations were made through Act Blue, a liberal nonprofit organization that allows individual donors to make contributions to left-leaning candidates and groups. On Tuesday, Rosario testified that she and Pollok donated to the campaign for State House candidate Lowell Simon that year because Ray’s daughter, Talia, worked as his campaign manager. Ray is charged in a 17-count indictment with sex trafficking, racketeering, tax evasion, money laundering and a host of other charges. Prosecutors allege Ray forced Drury into prostitution for five years, forcing her to turn over about $2.5 million she made while working as an escort. Ray allegedly used violence to assert his control over Drury — and once tortured her for about seven hours in a hotel room with his alleged top lieutenant, Pollok. During the 2018 torture session, Ray allegedly forced Drury to strip naked, handcuffed her to a chair and suffocated her repeatedly with a plastic bag, she testified. “I was suffocating. I was terrified. I was trembling. You can’t breathe. You want to breathe a lot. That just makes it much worse. It was terrifying,” she told jurors last week. Pollok, who is charged alongside Ray, will face a separate trial in Manhattan federal court. She has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors are expected to rest their case against Ray this week. If convicted, he faces a maximum of life in prison.