A condo at 150 W. 26th St. has been affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Buyk, a Russian-funded grocery app that promises to deliver groceries in 15 minutes, was scheduled to move into a commercial space in the residential building until their funding source, Sberbank, was sanctioned by the US government, and they furloughed  650 staff in New York and Chicago — including Buyk’s CEO, James Walker. The building was once home to actors Tim Allen and BD Wong. Current residents, including retired publicists Sy Presten and Joanne Binder, say they are happy the deal stalled. Buyk had already hired an architect and engineer for renovation plans. Since then, we hear, the company dropped fresh groceries on the Upper East Side on March 3, which were picked up by some moms to either keep or deliver to those in need, who heard about it on the site, “Buy Nothing Upper East Side.” That’s where someone posted for people to please come and save the food from being thrown out — tied to a bag on a tree and filled with plant-based sausages, paninis, wheat flour, bread, coffee, baby spinach and more. “It was a one-night thing,” a source said. Speaking of the former SSR, a former Russian politician, Vadim Gataullin, and his wife, Gulnara Gataullina, sold an Oceana Bal Harbour condo for $11.5 million, the Real Deal reported. It first asked $12.5 million in December 2020. The 4,185-square-foot, three-bedroom unit is at 10203 Collins Ave. Gataullin once made Forbes list of wealthiest Russians in 2013. He also heads the American real estate firm VVG Real Estate Investments. The listing broker was Douglas Elliman’s Dina Goldentayer. Back in NYC, DIFFA by Design will be held March 24 to 26 at Center 415 (415 Fifth Ave.). Money raised will help combat AIDS, homelessness, food scarcity and mental health issues across the country. The GALA Chef’s Tasting Extravaganza (March 24) will be co-hosted by award-winning architect and designer David Rockwell and Tony Award-winning Jane Krakowski, with performances by some of Broadway’s biggest stars while DIFFA NIGHTS (March 25) will be an evening of cocktails, dancing and design.