From gas-powered and battery-operated to electric and ride-on options, lawn mowers come in as many varieties as a Starbucks menu. The golden question: what’s the best lawn mower? Well, that’s certainly dependent on preference, but we geared up and delivered the 15 best lawn mowers for every yard this year, keeping budget, size and key characteristics in mind. Even if you have a small backyard that you enjoy gardening in (it’s the ripe season for juicy tomatoes and fresh basil, after all), a lawn mower still holds much power to tend to your grass and manicure your lawn to perfection. Ahead, shop our list of the best lawn mowers you can buy online, most of which are available on Amazon, Lowe’s and Ace Hardware. It’s just about time to put away your snow blowers and get to work. Click to jump to a specific lawn mower: An Amazon’s Choice product, Craftsman’s 3-in-1 Gas-Powered Push Lawn Mower fits the bill as a quality 21″ model in a dashing liberty red color. It has both rear and side discharge along with an ample-sized cutting deck that’s clad in all the mulching capabilities you can think of. This alloy-steel crafted lawn mower from PowerSmart is a less-than-$300 option with a powerful single-cylinder gas engine for clearing even the toughest, tallest grass. Speaking of, there are five adjustment settings to trim your lawn exactly how you like. If this Bolens Gas-Push Lawn Mower doesn’t look like your traditional shed-housed model, we don’t know what does. Notably, it has a compact and lightweight design that’s perfect for smaller lawns, especially, and has a state-of-the-art engine to create a clean cutting path. This battery-powered lawn mower by Greenworks boasts 60 minutes of runtime made possible by its included, fully charged 5Ah battery. Plus, it has a vertical storage feature to save space in your garage or shed. It’s also known to be one of the quietest. Including two 40V Max Lithium batteries, Black+Decker’s Cordless Lawn Mower is a slim yet durable model for your backyard. With six cutting settings and folding handles for convenient storage, it’s a mower to be reckoned with. This fully equipped Push Cordless Electric Lawn Mower from Ego Power+ includes a battery and charger with up to 45 minutes of grass-cutting runtime. Like other models, it has six cutting settings and is a three-in-one outdoor staple for bagging, mulching and side-discharging. Another model coveted by Amazon, Greenworks’ Electric Corded Mower is one of the most affordable in this edit with a durable 16″ cutting deck for efficient lawn-manicuring. Not to mention, its extension cord spans 150 feet. LawnMaster’s Electric Corded Lawn Mower is a no-frills option that’s easy to use and coming in hot at just $120. With six cutting settings — which is simple to maneuver with the mower’s one-touch height adjustment level — it’s a steal. Similar to Black+Decker’s cordless mower, the electric one comes with a collection bag, designed to power through tall grass and has six height adjustments. With a push-button start and a winged blade for more precise cuts, it’s an easy-to-use essential for your yard. Riding mowers are more of an investment but undeniably worth it with the convenience factor, heavy-duty makeup and longevity tied into your purchase. That said, Husqvarna’s Hydrostatic Riding Mower is just shy of $2,700 but totally worth it. This option has a foot pedal-operated transmission, allowing you to keep your hands on the steering wheel while mowing in tighter spaces. It also has a reinforced cutting deck and dual anti-scalp wheels that can mow forward or in reverse. If you want a front-row seat on your lawn, Ariens’ Ikon XD 52 Kohler is your best bet. With larger-than-life tires, a high-back plush seat with armrests and impressive mowing speed, it’s one of our favorites and well-received by a team of Amazon reviewers. The John Deere Hydrostatic Riding Lawn Mower is one of the more affordable riding options, giving you a high view of your grass for $2,000. It has side-by-side foot pedals, a single-cylinder makeup. and the power to even tackle tough mulching. Just like robot vacuums, lawn mowers have a hands-free capability. Husqvarna’s Automower Robotic Lawn Mower is easy to install, pairs with the Automower Connect app, has a noise-reducing motor design and cuts grass to a carpet-like appearance. Similarly, Worx’ Landroid Robotic Lawn Mower has the power to mow all on its own. It has a 9″ cutting disc to cut up to half an acre at a time. Plus, if this handy outdoor mower runs into any obstacles, it will bump them and back away. You can also exclude lawn areas you don’t want it to touch. For just $630, we’re impressed with the quality of the Gardenia Sileno Minemo as a robot lawn mower. Best for smaller yards and spaces, the device navigates quietly and precisely while connecting to a Bluetooth app to control when it runs. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.