Kevin Durant did not want the title, even if it fits. “I don’t look at myself as that — as a savior,” Durant said before playing like one. But even a savior needs able disciples. In his first game in more than six weeks, Durant often looked like the superstar the Nets remembered, but Brooklyn still watched a 16-point, first-half lead disappear against a more cohesive bunch in a 113-107 loss to the first-place (but depleted) Heat at Barclays Center on Thursday night. Durant may be back, but he did not immediately slow the free fall. Brooklyn went 5-16 without the face of the franchise, plummeting all the way to eighth in the Eastern Conference and likely destined for a spot in the play-in tournament. The Nets (32-32) are five games back of the sixth seed — as well as just 2 ¹/₂ games clear of the Wizards, the first team outside the play-in picture — and .500 for the first time since they were 3-3. Durant cannot be blamed after going off for 31 points on 10 of 21 shooting while grinding through 35 minutes in his first game in a month and a half. But with a new-look Nets roster, the Heat looked more composed and shot better in the second half, when their zone defense slowed Brooklyn. “You gotta give Miami credit for throwing some junk in the game. That’s what they’ve been practicing and building those habits all year,” Durant said after his first game with Seth Curry, Andre Drummond and Goran Dragic. “So they were able to rely on some different schemes, trapping and pressing and playing zone the whole second half to cool us off.” Bam Adebayo (30 points) far outplayed Drummond, while Max Strus and Caleb Martin (a combined 9 of 17 from 3) were more potent than Curry and Patty Mills, and one superstar wasn’t enough for the Nets. Though the Heat (42-22) were missing three-fifths of their starting lineup — Jimmy Butler, Kyle Lowry and P.J. Tucker were dealing with various issues on the second night of a back-to-back — they had familiarity and they had Erik Spoelstra. “Spo tricked us with that zone,” Dragic said about his former coach. The Nets had cruised during a 67-60 first half in which they shot 9 of 18 from 3. But Miami’s second-half zone limited them to 40 points. The Nets shot just 6 of 21 in the decisive third quarter, during which the Heat ran off 14 straight points to take control of the game. “This is a game we should win,” acting head coach Jacque Vaughn said. “We told our guys that after the game. We should feel disappointed. We should have won this game.” Still, Brooklyn had a chance in the fourth and rested Durant for the first five minutes of the period, during which Miami built an eight-point lead that featured a spectacular lob from Tyler Herro, who was at the arc, to a streaking Adebayo, throwing it down in Drummond’s face. Durant subbed back in with 6:58 left and led an inspired run to get within two, but Curry and Durant missing 3s in the final two minutes proved fatal. “We just struggled with their zone,” said Bruce Brown, who finished with 21 points. And struggled getting stops in a game Miami shot 51.9 percent from the floor. The second-half collapse wiped away so much of the first-half good feeling around Durant. Durant launched a deep jumper for his points in 47 days. He followed it up with a turnaround before connecting on a fadeaway. He could overpower or he could finesse. “I felt great. I’m only going to get better, more comfortable out there,” said Durant, whose presence might have made Mills (4 for 5 from beyond the arc) more comfortable. The Nets lost Joe Harris for the year before losing their third straight game, which will put more pressure on Mills and Curry. Durant warned there are no “moral victories,” before finding the bright sides of the team’s play. The reality is they can’t afford many more of these good-but-not-good-enough efforts. “I know what the standings are. Everybody is telling us every day how far we have dropped and where we may end up — constantly telling us the situation we are in,” Durant said in his first public comments since Feb. 12. “We understand that, and we know that each day is important.” As is each loss.