A woman placed an order through DoorDash but a cop arrived at her home instead of a delivery driver – and he had a shocking reason. The unusual occurrence took place in Hillsborough County, Florida, over the weekend and the incident was captured on camera. Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office shared three photos of the Florida cop’s kind gesture on Facebook. The sheriff’s office’s Facebook post read: “District I deputies went above and beyond after arresting a DoorDash driver who was was in the process of delivering food. “The driver had two outstanding warrants at the time of the arrest, BUT, their work didn’t stop there. “HCSO deputies completed the delivery for the customer!” HCSO also shared a 13-second video compilation of the photos to its TikTok page, which has since received more than 9,000 views. One photo shows the police officer standing outside the DoorDash recipient’s door with a to-go drink and a plastic bag filled with food. Another photo captures the cop knocking on the door with one hand while holding the food and drink in the other. His efforts proved to be successful as the third image shows the officer standing next to the DoorDash recipient – both with smiles on their faces. The young woman standing alongside the officer was seen holding her order as she was partially covered in a blanket. Hundreds of people took to comment on the officer’s delivery, with one writing: “How cool is that! Kudos to the officer.” “Did the deputy’s get the drivers tip? They should for making the delivery….. fair is fair!” wrote another. A third said: “Great job HCSO, and thank you for your service and sacrifices protecting our families and our communities.” “There was a similar video out of Sioux Falls, SD PD last month,” a fourth commented. “So funny! If only we had an option to have a handsome man in uniform deliver the food…we’d pay extra!” The incident comes just weeks after a police officer in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, delivered a soda and two bags of food to a woman after arresting a DoorDasher, according to NewsWeek. When the officer completed the delivery, he told the customer: “I know I’m not who you were expecting, but your driver got arrested for some things he didn’t take care of. “So I figured I’d complete the DoorDash for you.” Just last year, social media users were in shock after a video surfaced online of a DoorDash delivery worker relieving herself outside of a customer’s apartment after delivering their food. The worker was seen walking out of the elevator after delivering the order, then placing her rear end on the top of a trash bin to empy her bowels. And earlier this year, an Uber Eats delivery driver was under investigation investigated after around $1,000 worth of artwork was stolen from the walls of an apartment building. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.