They gotta get a paycheck somehow. Actors and actresses across genres of films have turned to comic book movies to bring in the big bucks — despite Hollywood heavy hitters bashing the genre as lowbrow. The appeal of the comic book blockbuster in the last two decades has become bigger and better, with growing production budgets and an increasingly impressive roster of A-listers in the coveted hero roles. Marvel and DC Comics have been two warring companies for decades with both of their unique, action-packed superhero stories and crime-fighting characters. As of February, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has produced 27 films while the DC Extended Universe has only created 11 movies. DC’s projects have grossed over $5.8 billion and the MCU scored bigger bucks with $25 billion. At the same time, acclaimed directors such as Ridley Scott and Martin Scorsese have bashed the genre. Scorsese, “The Irishman” filmmaker, told Empire magazine in 2019 that he sees Marvel movies as “theme parks” and “not cinema.” “I don’t see them. I tried, you know? But that’s not cinema,” Scorsese said, “Honestly, the closest I can think of them, as well made as they are, with actors doing the best they can under the circumstances, is theme parks. It isn’t the cinema of human beings trying to convey emotional, psychological experiences to another human being.” When asked why he dislikes super hero movies, Scott didn’t hold back. “Their scripts are not any f–king good,” the “Exodus: Gods and Kings” director told Deadline last year in an expletive-filled statement. “I narrowed it down to this. Almost always, the best films are driven by the characters, and we’ll come to superheroes after this if you want, because I’ll crush it. I’ll f–king crush it. They’re f–king boring as s–t.” And sure, while stars like Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Henry Cavill have seen their careers defined by the shiny armor and tight spandexes they don for their superhero roles, many Oscar-winning actors have shown they can also rock action roles. Bale scored the gold for Best Actor for his work in “The Fighter” and is fairly new to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He will be portraying the villain Gorr the God Butcher in the upcoming flick “Thor: Love and Thunder.” However, his roots lie within the DC Comics world. Bale played Bruce Wayne/Batman himself in the Christopher Nolan trilogy “Batman” from 2005 until 2012. Larson made headlines when she earned the gold statuette for “Room” in 2016. Three years later, she portrayed Marvel hero Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel in her standalone film and in “Avengers: Endgame.” Although Damon’s appearance in a superhero flick was a short cameo, it was still a pretty memorable one. The “Good Will Hunting” star and screenwriter scored an Oscar for the latter in 1998 alongside pal and frequent collaborator Ben Affleck. Damon made an appearance in the MCU’s “Thor: Ragnarok” as an actor playing the god Loki in a theater play aboard Asgard. He appeared in the humorous scene alongside Sam Neill and star Chris Hemsworth’s brother Luke. The “Gandhi” star scored the role of actor Trevor Slattery in MCU’s “Iron Man 3” and the recent film “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” The British actor earned the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1982 for playing the antiviolent Indian leader. The MCU’s “Ant-Man” films wouldn’t be the same without Douglas playing the scientist Hank Pym. Paul Rudd played his protégé and Ant-Man himself, Scott Lang, in both the 2015 movie and its 2018 sequel, “Ant-Man and the Wasp.” The “Basic Instinct” actor has two Oscars to his name — one for his acting in the 1987 drama “Wall Street” and one in 1976 for producing “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest.” Hurt made several appearances in the MCU films — starting with the “Incredible Hulk” in 2008 — as US General Thaddeus Ross. He later appeared in the Universe’s “Captain America: Civil War,” “Avengers: Infinity War” and “Avengers: Endgame.” Hurt, who died March 13 at age 71, has four Oscars to his name — including three consecutive Best Actor wins in 1986 (“Kiss of the Spider Woman”), 1987 (“Children of a Lesser God”) and 1988 (“Broadcast News”). He also nabbed a Supporting Actor statue in 2006 for his role in “A History of Violence.” Leto transformed into the shockingly scary Joker in 2016’s “Suicide Squad.” He won the Oscar just two years prior for his work in the LGBTQ drama “Dallas Buyers Club.” The multihyphenate star recently portrayed the superhero Thena in the Marvel film “The Eternals.” Jolie won the Oscar for the drama “Girl, Interrupted” in 2000. Hackman tapped into his dark side as the DC madman and Superman’s archenemy Lex Luthor in 1978’s “Superman.” He won two Oscars for the films “The French Connection” and “Unforgiven.” The three-time winner dabbled into the superhero film genre with his portrayal of the DC villain the Joker in Tim Burton’s 1989 flick “Batman.” Hopkins has been a part of the Marvel family since 2011 when he starred in the Chris Hemsworth-centered film “Thor.” “The Father” star actually played Thor’s pop and the Norse god Odin. He reprised the role in two of the franchise’s sequels: “Thor: The Dark World” and “Thor: Ragnarok.” Out of six Oscar nominations, the Welsh-born actor has won two Best Actor statuettes: one for “Silence of the Lambs” and one for “The Father.” Whitaker starred alongside the late Chadwick Boseman, Angela Bassett and Lupita Nyong’o in Marvel’s groundbreaking action film “Black Panther.” Whitaker achieved Oscar status with his win in 2007 for his role as the Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in the drama, “The Last King of Scotland.” Nyong’o was part of the ensemble cast of 2018’s “Black Panther,” playing undercover spy Nakia. She shined at the 2014 Oscars, sporting a memorable baby-blue gown when she won the award for Best Supporting Actress for her work in “12 Years a Slave.” J-Law played the younger version of the X-Men shape-shifting character Mystique in the 2011 Marvel prequel film series “X-Men: First Class.” She took over the role from original “X-Men” star Rebecca Romijn for three more prequel pictures, ending with “Dark Phoenix” in 2019. Lawrence became the second-youngest Best Actress winner at 22 when she won the award for 2012’s “Silver Linings Playbook.” Berry made history in 2002 on the Academy Award stage when she became the first black woman to have won Best Actress. Her role in “Monster’s Ball” alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Sean Combs garnered her much acclaim. The Revlon spokesmodel achieved worldwide recognition for her portrayal of the mutant Ororo Munroe/Storm in the “X-Men” series. Her character rocked icy white hair and the ability to control the weather. Paquin was only 11 years old when she received the Oscar for Best supporting Actress in 1994 for her role in “The Piano.” In 2000, she made her Marvel debut as the mutant Rogue in the original “X-Men” film trilogy. Rogue was a character staple in the franchise from 2000 until “Days of Future Past” dropped in 2014. This two-time Academy Award winner took over the role of Bruce Wayne and Batman in Zack Snyder’s DC trilogy. The “Argo” star played the hero in 2016’s “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” and its sequel, “Justice League.” 