The Georgia home of late Broncos receiver Demaryius Thomas was broken into earlier this month, according to the Roswell police department, with several items allegedly stolen. According to a police report filed by Thomas’ mother and obtained by WGXA-TV, several items were stolen from the home, including an ESPY award, football memorabilia, multiple football jerseys — one signed by Tom Brady — seven to eight guns, a hyperbaric chamber and thousands of dollars in cash. Police reportedly found a gun magazine, marijuana and cocaine inside the pool room. Thomas’ mother reported the trespassing, according to the incident report, telling authorities her son’s home should have been empty and that the locks were changed shortly after Thomas’ death in December. His mother is said to have learned of the alleged break-in through social media posts, per police documents, which appeared to feature her son’s friends partying inside the house. Upon arrival at the home on March 13, police watched an Uber driver drop off a food delivery. A man who answered the door reportedly refused to say why he was at the home. Police arrested three men, Perfect Robinson, 27, Malcolm Daniels, 30, and Vashone Jones, 29, after questioning, and they were charged with criminal trespass. Police reportedly found Jones, a former Georgia deputy, sleeping in the master bedroom. He told police how “he used to live at the residence and came back on the weekends to check on the house,” per WGXA News,” and that he used to “helped take care of Thomas due to medical issues.” Meanwhile, Daniels and Robinson told police that Jones invited them to the house, per the police report. Jones resigned from the sheriff’s office in 2019 after being charged with theft and card fraud, according to WGXA News. Thomas’ family members and reps met with police last week about the incident, cops told TMZ. Roswell police said the theft investigation is still active and ongoing. Thomas, who won a Super Bowl ring with the Broncos in 2016, was found dead at his Roswell, Georgia, home on Dec. 9, 2021 after he suffered a seizure in the shower, according to his cousin, LaTonya Bonseigneur. He was 33 years old. The Georgia Tech product spent nine seasons with the Broncos and went on to have short stints with the Texans, Patriots, and Jets. Thomas announced his retirement in June 2021. He would have turned 34 on Christmas.