Right now it may seem that your only coworkers are your furry friends and your children attending Zoom school from the next room over. However, your real coworkers and employees deserve some appreciation too, despite the distance if you’re working from home. Employee Appreciation Day 2022 lands on March 4 this year, a Friday, in case your first thank you gift is letting the staff take off a bit early to enjoy the weekend. To honor the holiday and show some appreciation for your staff and coworker’s dedication to the job through some of the most challenging years on record, consider sending a small token of that appreciation — perhaps in addition to some time off and a raise, of course. See below for some of the best employee gifts, from funny desk essentials to heartwarming cards and messages, that make working a 9-to-5 in the office or at home much more fun. If you wish your employees knew how much you appreciate them, here is a sweet treat that will do the trick. Sugarwish is a personalized gifting service that sends popcorn, candies, snacks and other goodies to your team, letting them pick out their own favorite flavors and treats. They also have a tab for corporate gifting to get the whole staff taken care of, as well as individual packages. Thank all your employees, including Harry, David and the rest of the crew. Send your hardworking staff a carefully curated gift basket that has far more than just some fruits, with the vast selection at Harry & David. Choose from baskets with wine, those with sweets or browse the bestselling baskets to pick the very best for your employees. For the employee that may be experiencing burn out, reignite their smile with a funny candle from Here For The Burn. These three options pictured above are perfect for the occasion, but they also offer custom candles for an individual message as well as other funny sayings to choose from. They all cost $36 and come in five seasonal scents, making them easily giftable for whomever deserves a spark of joy in their work lives. A card is a classic gift that goes a long way, so long as the message is from the heart and the card is from Rifle Paper Co. The stationary and accessories company sells a variety of cards, card packages and stationary in unique and fun designs sure to put a smile on any employees face when they get this (and their paycheck) in the mail. Give them a tasteful gift, literally. Eveyone loves food, especially when it’s sent with love directly to their door. Goldbelly has all that and more, with a selection of care packages from some of the best restaurants and bakeries across the US. Choose a local place that reminds your employees of their favorite lunch spot, or pick a fun treat like personalized message donuts or a pizza subscription. They may be sick of home, but many of us are homesick for the office after being away this year. Send them a reminder of office past, with a scented candle from Homesick. Choose the Home Office candle for a funny gift, or pick the city or state your office is in and send that to your remote workers around the globe as a reminder that HQ is missing them, too. Have a sense of humor with your morning coffee and poke fun at Zoom office culture all in one, with this funny mug from Society6. The viral internet meme is now a mug, and a perfect desk accessory for any work-from-home employee you want to show some love to. As an added bonus, proudly display this gift in your video background, doubling as a subtle hint that emails are sometimes more appreciated, but gifts are always the best option. While gift cards are easy to send, they are a little boring to receive. Spice up your gift card game with a box from Greetabl. The company does corporate gifting options as well, making it easy to design your card, pick a gift or two, and send them to your whole staff without having to make a trip to the post office. Raise a toast to your hardworking employees this year, and send them a gift set they’ll be able to really enjoy. Wine Insiders makes gifting easy, with a wide variety of gifts and sets pre-picked and paired. Browse the reds, whites and rosés or go for a mix of them all with a mixed case for them and their families to enjoy. Flowers are a classic and classy way to send your thanks and brighten up their home office instantly. Bouqs not only has a wide variety of blooms to choose from, but even has a special thank you section of bouquets your employees will love. They also carry plants and succulents for a longer-lasting gift for your green-thumbed workers, and offer subscriptions in case you want to keep the gift giving going. We won’t tell if you send these gifts to everyone on the staff, we promise. Redbubble’s artists have been hard at work making adorable and funny designs for shirts, stickers, face masks and more that you can order for the whole staff at the press of a button. Many items start as low as a dollar and change, so consider putting together an array of smaller tokens like stickers and pens, or a larger gift like a funny mug or shirt. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.