The first thing you spot in this optical illusion can reveal your biggest strength. Have a good look at the image and take a note of the first thing you see – but don’t panic if you notice something sinister. The black and white image shared by Your Tango looks like a page from a children’s book. And whatever you saw first reveals a lot about your personality and your best qualities. There are three alternatives you may have spotted first, depending on your special personality traits. Those who first noticed the little girl have a unique gift. They tend to move past life’s difficulties and are able to overcome obstacles with comfort. Their youthful spirit makes them determined to face challenges other people might have struggled to. Their special perspective in life means they do not bow under pressure even under difficult circumstances. Don’t panic if the first thing you saw was the skull, it doesn’t mean you’re a serial killer! Even though skulls are generally considered a symbol of death, poison or something sinister, in this case, they indicate a positive trait in your personality. The skull means your greatest strength is your intellectual power – in other words you’re smart! Skulls have been used in art and literature to represent the power of mind and in this case is true as well. Your biggest strength lies in your deep thoughts. Some others may have looked at the bigger picture and noticed the mysterious scenery first. If your eyes focused on the dark woods first it means your biggest strength is your ability to trust your instinct. In situations when others would panic you can always rely on your gut feeling because you know it will eventually be right. Remember that even in difficult situations your instict will always help you to make the right decision. Meanwhile, there are seven traits that apparently make a person difficult to be around. And according to researchers, it will take only 35 questions to figure out whether you have any of them. A symbol that stands out the most in this personality test can reveal your best trait. If you spot the book, it may be a sign of intuition, but if you notice the roses it means that you can find something beautiful in any situation. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.