New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, as March Madness continues with the Elite Eight. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. With a huge bonus, there’s no better place to start than at Caesars Sportsbook. We are now down to just six teams in the 2022 NCAA tournament, meaning there is more at stake than ever in March Madness.Duke survived a slugfest against Texas Tech on Thursday, trading blows back and forth until the Blue Devils came out victorious, before beating Arkansas Saturday to advance to the Final Four. They await the winner of Sunday’s Saint Peter’s-North Carolina East Region final. Villanova got back into the Final Four by outlasting a tough Houston team on Saturday. Jermaine Samuels led the way with 16 points and 10 rebounds. The Wildcats will face the winner of Sunday’s Midwest Region final between Kansas and Miami. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+, T&Cs apply An easy way to grab yourself $100 in free bets, simply refer your friend with our unique referral link, and after they’ve deposited $50, you will receive $100 in free bets. One of the best referral schemes of any sportsbooks out there, with a limit of ten friends you can refer.