Venus Williams had a nip slip in the midst of Sunday’s chaotic 2022 Oscars show. The tennis star, who wore a custom white, plunging Elie Saab gown, suffered the wardrobe malfunction while sitting in her seat alongside her sister Serena Williams. ABC cameras caught the fashion mishap, and fans on Twitter shared screen grabs that showed Williams holding her right arm over her chest. “Oh my god and a Venus Williams nip slip. This Oscars has become an episode of ‘The Jersey Shore,'” one person tweeted. While a such a fashion faux pas would dominate headlines on Oscars night, it was Venus’ friend, Will Smith, who stole the show. During the live broadcast, Smith approached Chris Rock on stage and slapped the comedian after he cracked a “G.I. Jane” joke about Smith’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith — who is bald and has alopecia, an auto immune condition that causes hair loss. When Smith returned to his seat after the slap heard around the Dolby Theatre in L.A., he yelled to Rock to “keep my wife’s name out of your f–king mouth.” Later in the night, Smith won the Oscar for “Best Actor” for his role as Richard Williams in “King Richard” — the biographical sports drama that tells the story of Richard Williams as the father and coach of Venus and Serena. The film was also nominated for Best Picture. Smith apologized to the Academy in a tearful speech on stage after he won his first Oscar. Venus Williams, who wore Stuart Weitzman shoes and Tiffany & Co. jewels, shared a photo of her look to Instagram before her wardrobe malfunction at the awards show. “I’ve tried my best to prepare for every moment in life,” she wrote in her caption. “I’ve trained my mind, body soul and spirit to be prepared and ready for anything that comes my way. Until now…. Until now…I could have never dreamed or prepared to be at the @theacademy awards for a film that tells my FAMILY’S story. “This is beyond my dream. What can I tell you. Keep dreaming. Keep working. Keep fighting. You don’t know where life might take you. I’m from Compton, California. And now I’m allow the way here. Its so good to BE ALIVE!” Serena, meanwhile, looked stunning in a plunging pleated Gucci gown.