Apparently the drinks are not on this “house.” Gov. Kathy Hochul’s ‘alcohol-to-go’ proposal could be in jeopardy after Democratic leaders in the state Legislature intentionally omitted making the program permanent in their newly released state budget plans. Both the state Senate and Assembly axed the measure from their “one house budget” proposals – separate blueprints outlining each chamber’s preferred plan to spend state and federal dollars ahead of the state budget’s April 1 deadline. To-go drinks provided a lifeline to bars and other eating establishments during the most severe of New York’s coronavirus-related businesses shutdowns that drastically cut into sales and triggered mass layoffs in the service industry. Hochul’s proposal would permanently install the program and require the State Liquor Authority to craft and implement regulations allowing delivery and takeout of beer, wine and cocktails. “That’s a policy item so we took that out – we’ll have that discussion,” Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-The Bronx) told reporters in Albany on Monday when asked why the idea was excluded. State Sen. Diane Savino (D-Staten Island) also said lawmakers determined that the plan didn’t have a financial impact and wouldn’t be taken up as part of the state budget. She said it will likely be discussed with Hochul after the state budget is approved by April 1. But New York State Restaurant Association President Melissa Fleischut told The Post she disagrees with the legislature’s determination, as selling takeout drinks does raise state revenue via sales and excise taxes. “It’s important that this be included in the budget process because, honestly, we really needed this to be back in place weeks ago,” she said. “We needed to have this last summer and any delay in making that happen is a problem for the industry. The industry flattened out in December and January. It would have provided a boost when we needed it during that flat period.” She noted one of the biggest obstacles comes from the lobbying efforts of powerful liquor store trade groups that argue alcohol-to-go took away from liquor store revenue during the pandemic. “What we’re trying to do is look at the things that consumers really embraced like ‘alcohol-to-go’ and outdoor dining. The demand for both of those is there and if we can continue to do both it’ll gain traction sooner — but even then it’ll take years between staffing and supply chains to recover fully.” “There are myriad issues that have to be addressed with the state Liquor Authority. We shouldn’t just deal with this one proposal,” said Savino, acknowledging opposition from the liquor store lobby. Meanwhile, both chambers also removed Hochul’s proposed four-year extension of mayoral control over city schools that’s supported and heavily sought by New York City Mayor Eric Adams. It’s slated to expire by the end of the legislative session in June. “It’s always been the assembly’s position to advance mayoral control. I wouldn’t get nervous that it’s not in the resolution. It doesn’t expire until the end of June,” said Heastie, doubling down on the desire to cut out policy items in the budget. The legislature has typically withheld mayoral control as a source of political leverage over city mayors, requiring the Big Apple’s chief executive to travel to Albany, appealing to lawmakers for the legislation. But the move also comes at a time when Heastie vigorously opposes Adams’ request to change New York’s controversial criminal justice reforms such as bail reform and ‘Raise the Age’ law. More lawmakers are warming to the notion of making tweaks to the law following a series of cases where individuals were released without bail after committing crimes, only to reoffend shortly after. Both Assembly and Senate proposals diverged from Hochul’s proposal, including a $1.25 billion increase in funding for New York’s Emergency Rental Assistance Program. The program has provided money to landlords and tenants struggling make rent payments due to a COVID-19 related hardship. Assistance dates back to the pandemic’s start, but funds dried up late last year despite an outstanding number of qualified applicants. Both chambers also included new spending on universal child care, as well as additional funds of the state and city university systems.