Marcelo Bboy, 38, has over 1,500 tattoos covering 98% of his body including his eyeballs and gums. The model and tattoo artist got his first ink when he was just 15 but waited a few years until he began covering his body in eccentric and colorful designs. “I was 22 when I realized I wanted more tattoos, and since then I have covered myself in them,” he told Media Drum. “I only have a few spaces left without tattoos like intimate areas and some small spaces on my leg, but I plan to get them tattooed soon too.” Since his first “HIP HOP” tattoo, Bboy has spent nearly $40,000 on tattoos and body modifications. Among his many shocking alterations and adornments, the grandparent has tattooed his eyes and gums tattooed to appear black, split his tongue to resemble a snake, had his teeth entirely replaced with nickel and modified his ears. Most recently, Bboy had implants in his left arm for decorative purposes. He admitted the most painful procedure was splitting his tongue but said that his black eyes have caused the biggest stir “because many people are curious about how to get their eyes tattooed and have questions about the risk of going blind.” “I wasn’t worried about going blind because I understand the process — the eye pigmentation is only done in the white part of the eye,” he said. Bboy has two sons and one grandchild and lives in Bocaiuva, Brazil, where he has turned his passion for tattoos into a career. Thanks to all his procedures and bewildering appearance, he works as an artistic model and actor, as well as attending tattoo events as a public figure. He said he rarely receives negative comments about his extraordinary appearance. “People look at me with curiosity and interest. Women are very enchanted by my tattoos and modifications,” he boasted. He currently has all the body modifications that he wants but still has some tattoos to come. Bboy likes everything that he has done to turn his body into a canvas and can’t choose a favorite tattoo or modification. “The advice I would give to those who want a lot of tattoos is to know exactly what they want and to work in the tattoo industry,” Bboy shared.