The Memphis men’s basketball program is accused of committing seven major NCAA violations, including at least one involving head coach Penny Hardaway that is categorized as Level I for the most “severe” breach of conduct, as first reported by the Daily Memphian. The NCAA served a Notice of Allegations to Memphis, which stems from an investigation that covered May 2019 through February 2021. Hardaway, the former NBA star, was hired as head coach at his alma mater in March 2018. At least four of the seven violations are Level I and two are Level II, which is for “significant” breach of conduct. Memphis is accused of lack of institutional control, failure to cooperate with the NCAA’s investigation, obstruction of the investigation, failure to report acts of noncompliance in a timely fashion and a failure to disclose or provide access to information, according to the report. The allegations align with when former Memphis star James Wiseman was on campus.Wiseman’s family received $11,500 in moving expenses from Hardaway when he was a high school coach and Memphis booster, according to reports. The prized recruit followed Hardaway to Memphis as the centerpiece of a heralded class. Wiseman played in three games during the 2019-20 season, was suspended by the NCAA and later entered the NBA draft. As an example of failure to comply with the NCAA, the notice cites that former basketball assistant coach Mike Miller’s computer hard drive had its data deleted and Memphis could not supply a satisfactory reason as to why that happened, according to the report. Other requests for information were not met within the mandatory 30-day window. Hardaway is alleged to have “failed to demonstrate that he promoted an atmosphere of compliance within the men’s basketball program.” Parts of the NOA and Memphis’ response are heavily redacted. Memphis responded to the allegations by denying wrongdoing, claiming that actions do not rise to the Level I standard, asking for leniency for self-reporting violations and blaming the NCAA for mixing in violations from other sports in the athletic department.”