A man who drives the world’s smallest car says people make fun of him for his tiny vehicle — but he has the last laugh with his £7 ($9.17) gas bill. Alex Orchin, 31, is seen buzzing around his village in Wivelsfield, Sussex, on his daily chores in his quirky blue Peel P50. The 5-foot-11 car enthusiast drives around in the tiny motor — posting letters and filling up with fuel. The car is just 134cm long, 98cm wide and 100cm high and has a 5-liter petrol tank. He says it costs “around £7 or so” to fill up. Eccentric Alex is an avid motoring collector who loves driving around in the tiny three-wheeler. The one-seater car is unable to fit a rucksack or a suitcase inside and forces Alex’s knees to go on either side of the steering wheel. He says he became obsessed with the cars since watching Jeremy Clarkson drive one on “Top Gear.” Last year, he drove the length of the UK in the car — which has a top speed of just 23 mph. The latest pictures show him running errands in the tiny motor. Alex said: “I have always had an interest in old, vintage and unusual cars since I was a kid. ”No one in my family was into it — it was a bit of a random obsession! “I used to be a chauffeur for vintage cars and have had a 1914 Model T and a 1968 Morris Minor, too. “I got fixated on this idea of having a P50 just because it was so tiny but when I saw an original was £100,000 it kind of killed it off.” About four years ago, he bought one of the newer ones, which was previously owned by one person from the Isle of Man. He said: “The car always gets attention — it is quite staggering because to me it’s just a tiny car. “It’s much smaller than you think it is — everyone says that when they see the car in person. “I can fit a shopping bag down the left of the car by the handbrake, but nothing else.” His car, a P50, was first made on the Isle of Man in the 1960s and in 2010 was named the smallest production car ever built in the book of Guinness World Records. The vehicle was built in 2017 but is based on the original design from the first production models in the 1960s. The mini-motor allows Alex comfortable journeys to and from his home. Alex started his 1,488 mile journey from John O’Groats on Nov. 13 and arrived in Land’s End on Dec. 4. He was just in time for his three-week goal — and raised over £11,000 for Children in Need. Alex said: “I’ve owned a lot of cars and none of them get as much attention as this one. “Normally if I pull up in a Morris Minor, it is car people and enthusiasts that want to come and talk with me.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.