Accused Sarah Lawrence College sex cult leader Larry Ray was rushed out of Manhattan federal court on a stretcher Tuesday — hours after his attorney said he had suffered a seizure in the morning. Ray, breathing through an oxygen mask, was wheeled out of the courthouse at about 1:40 p.m. by two FDNY medics, who were accompanied by US Marshals. The alleged fiend was strapped down to the stretcher and had what appeared to be a blood pressure cuff velcroed to his left arm as he was loaded into the ambulance, which drove off with lights and sirens on minutes later. Ray was taken out of the courthouse after his attorney, Marne Lenox, requested a break in the trial just before 1 p.m. Judge Lewis Liman ordered the courtroom closed because of a “medical issue” after Lenox requested the recess. Earlier Tuesday, Lenox told Liman in court that Ray had a seizure Tuesday morning at the Brooklyn jail where he is being held during his trial. Lenox said he was not hospitalized because of the seizure, but was still suffering from the after-effects of the fit. The trial was delayed for nearly two hours Tuesday until Ray was well enough to be brought into court. “He is well enough he can proceed,” Lenox told Liman, but requested the trial be paused if he falls ill during the proceedings. Ray, wearing a white mask and a beige sweater, sat next to his lawyers at a table after he was brought into the courtroom. He did not appear physically ill as the trial resumed and forensic psychologist Dawn Hughes took the stand on cross-examination by Neil Kelly, another attorney for Ray. Ray is accused of luring a group of college students into a cult-like criminal enterprise that he once described as the “Ray Family,” prosecutors allege. For 10 years beginning in 2010, the 62-year-old allegedly extorted money from his victims and subjected them to horrific verbal, physical and sexual abuse. His crimes included forcing a former student, Claudia Drury, into prostitution for more than a year, according to prosecutors. Ray collected some $2 million in profits from the sex trafficking, the feds allege. The first victim to testify at the trial, Santos Rosario, told jurors Monday that Ray once forced him and his sisters to wear diapers after he accused them of “acting like children.” Ray also forced Rosario to engage in sex acts with Drury in front of him, according to testimony. “He told Claudia to give me a b–wjob and for me to take off my pants,” Rosario said Monday, adding that Ray was “right next to me” when it happened. Ray is charged in a 17-count indictment on counts including sex trafficking and racketeering. He faces a maximum of life in prison, if convicted.