Cops are looking for a violent duo who allegedly robbed eight men in a five-month Bushwick spree — as they released frightening footage of one of the stealth muggings. The suspects first struck around 11:20 p.m. Nov. 26, approaching a 22-year-old man from behind on Hart Street near Irving Avenue, cops said. Video released Thursday night shows one of the men creeping up behind the unwitting victim and pushing him to the ground, before the other man approached and started pickpocketing him. The robbers got away with the victim’s cellphone, headphones, and wallet holding credit and debit cards as well as $50, cops said. The stolen property was worth $1,360 in total. The pair struck again around 12:30 a.m. Dec. 19, approaching a 30-year-old man from behind at St. Nicholas Avenue and Harman Street, police said. There, they allegedly demanded the victim’s property and threatened that they had a knife. They swiped the victim’s headphones, cellphone and wallet, holding his credit and debit cards, as well as identification documents. Then around 12:40 a.m. on Christmas Eve, they approached a 36-year-old man at the same corner, displayed a knife and demanded his belongings, police said. They grabbed the victim’s backpack, holding about $1,000, a cellphone, headphones and other items, cops said. The same day, around 1:20 a.m., the muggers targeted a 35-year-old man on Stanhope Street near Cypress Avenue — again sneaking up behind him, cops said. One of the suspects pulled his winter hat down over his eyes, while the other placed him in a chokehold, cops said. They snatched his wallet, holding about $700, credit and debit cards and multiple forms of identification. The duo fled west on Stanhope Street toward St. Nicholas Avenue, riding bikes, cops said. About a month later, one of the suspects grabbed a 32-year-old man by the throat while the other grabbed his cellphone and wallet on Irving Avenue near Harman Street minutes before midnight Jan. 23, cops said. The wallet held $200 and a debit card, police said. Then around 9:40 p.m. Feb. 27 on Harman Street near Wyckoff Avenue, the duo came up behind a 56-year-old man — one of them putting him in a chokehold, while the other grabbed his cellphone and wallet, police said. The wallet held $40 and IDs. The muggers again fled on bikes. A day later, around 7:50 p.m., the pair approached a 36-year-old man from behind on Linden Street near Wyckoff Avenue, police said. One of the muggers put the victim in a chokehold and the other snatched his wallet, holding $300, credit and debit cards and IDs, cops said. One of the men then fled on a bike while the other took off on foot. The most recent mugging came around 12:40 a.m. March 7, when one of the suspects pushed a 35-year-old man to the ground on Bleecker Street near Wyckoff Avenue, police said. The other man stole the victim’s phone and wallet, holding credit and debit cards. Again, one suspect took off on foot and the other on a bike. None of the victims required medical attention.