It seems like everyone has a security camera of sorts these days. Well, except for you, that is. Consider this right now your sign to invest in a security camera to add extra measures of security to your life. You never know what can happen whether it’s on the road, outside your home, or even inside your home. Luckily for you, this deal offers two security cameras, plus a dashcam, so you can record what happens in and outside 24/7 and have proof of any such event if something ever should go wrong. The Safety Cam (2-Pack) + Dashcam Bundle is a smart item to have on your person. The two safety cameras have clips on the back of them so you can secure them to your clothing, your car, garage, house, bike, motorcycle, or even the outside of your tent if you go camping. They record audio, video, and capture images to protect you in any harmful situation. The dashboard camera has 1080p HD quality and also captures and records images in great detail. If anything moves on the screen, its auto-motion detection feature begins recording immediately. Aside from high-quality video and image capturing, the cameras are equipped with a six-glass lens, 140° wide angle view, loop recording, and eight-core voice reduction. Its IR night vision ensures clear and accurate recording in the dark for extra safety and its two-way audio can receive and transmit audio through the camera. Plus, they have a long battery life, thanks to their powerful 560mAh battery that offers seven hours of voice recording and three hours of video recording. Not to mention, the cameras are weather-proof and shockproof so you won’t have to worry about storms and other nasty weather conditions hindering your security. The dashcam is a great bonus because it’s absolutely free! You’ll get an extra layer of security when you’re on the road and should ever get into an accident or confrontation with another driver. All the evidence will be captured on film so your rights will be protected. Originally $139, this security bundle is on sale today for $99.99 for a limited time. Don’t miss out! Prices subject to change.