What a perfect ending to The Post’s editorial: “What an unserious speech for such deadly serious times. Lord help us” (“Bumbling hypocrisy,” March 2). I pray every day for our country. The asylum is run by the lunatics. In a little over a year, President Biden and his cohorts have ruined this country. I’m afraid it is only going to get worse here and abroad. Yes, Lord, please help us. Kathy Masterson Newark, Del. On Vice President Kamala Harris’ reaction to Biden’s Iranian/Ukrainian gaffe during the SOTU: Her face seems to say “I could do that job better.” The reason she does nothing as vice president is that she’s just waiting. With the distinct possibility that Biden will not finish his full term, I can’t help but think how far back a Harris presidency would set the women’s movement. As far as how the country would fare, let us pray. Frank Mazzella Aliso Viejo, Calif. The Post’s excellent editorial pointed out many things that Biden said in his State of the Union speech that made me conclude that he is living in another world and not reality. I reached that conclusion when he started his speech with the denunciation of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and talked about the sanctions applied, but made no mention of stopping the purchase of oil from Russia and increasing drilling in the United States. Another instance was when he mentioned securing the border, but did not say he was going to finish building the wall. I agree with your editorial that Biden and the Democrats will not succeed on anything this coming year that would help alleviate the disaster that they created. Richard Ketay Newark, NJ Biden was his usual buffoonish self in his State of the Union speech. No surprise there. But what should scare the hell out of Americans is looking at the two women who were sitting behind our ineffective president. Harris was useless, and Speaker Nancy Pelosi needed cue cards because she seemed confused on when to sit, stand or clap. November needs to be the time we send Pelosi into retirement and the Democrats into deep minority status in both the House and Senate. Joe Nugent Staten Island Biden expects ovations for his plans announced in the State of the Union. From sanctions on Russia to funding the police, he should be aware that cleaning up a mess you yourself have made is not praiseworthy, just the bare obligatory minimum. As wars are continuing both in Ukraine and on American streets, he’s not even actually cleaning up the mess — just lazily pushing the pile together a little and then shuffling away with a shrug and a “sorry.” Robert Frazer Lancashire, UK The most pressing question Biden failed to address is when will the United States stop trading with the enemy. I cannot begin to imagine the United States buying oil from Iraq when it was invading Kuwait. Putin is guilty of war crimes, using banned weapons against civilians and invading a sovereign nation. Why are we helping him by buying oil daily? While the free world cheers the courage of the Ukrainian people, we finance their slaughter. Insane. Bob Porch Marlton, NJ I felt bad for Biden when he delivered his State of the Union address to the nation. To be frank, it was embarrassing, knowing that the world was watching his performance. He can be forgiven for his malapropisms such as mixing up “Iranian” and “Ukrainian” in his denunciation of Putin. But his delivery was awful. Perhaps he should learn from Winston Churchill. Martin Garfinkle Staten Island Biden’s speech should have been renamed “The State of Delusion Address” and delayed a month from March 1. It would have been a much better fit for April Fools’ Day. Jim Soviero East Setauket Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.