Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urged Russia’s Vladimir Putin to get out of his “bubble” and “start the dialogue” about ending the invasion that entered its thirteenth day Tuesday local time. Zelensky made the plea in a one-on-one interview with “ABC World News Tonight” anchor David Muir that aired Monday night. Putin needs to “start the dialogue, instead of living in [an] informational bubble without oxygen…He is in this bubble,” Zelensky said. “I think he’s capable of stopping the war that he started…,” Zelensky continued, “he should know one important thing that he cannot deny, that stopping the war is what he’s capable of.” Earlier Monday, Russia continued to bomb Ukrainian cities and civilians – despite the Kremlin’s claim that it would begin several cease-fires to allow refugees to flee along a “human corridor.” Russian troops made advances in southern Ukraine, but have been met with resistance in other parts of the country. Fierce battles continued in the Kyiv region, notably around Bucha, Hostomel, Vorzel and Irpin, Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko had said Monday. Zelensky, in his interview with Muir, praised the Ukrainian soldiers and the “ordinary people” who stayed behind to fight the Russian invaders, despite being heavily outnumbered. “I’m sure the Ukrainians are prepared to stand against Russia for their entire lives,” Zelensky said. “This courage is something that is unprecedented and Russian soldiers don’t even have that courage,” the president added. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. NATO allies have reportedly supplied Ukraine with thousands of anti-tank weapons to help with the conflict. But Zelensky’s main request –  a call on US and NATO to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine – has gone unanswered as the Western allies fear doing so would escalate the conflict. Zelensky reiterated that appeal in his Muir interview and said he spoke to President Biden about it. “I told him that for us the most important thing is the security in the sky.” “We cannot allow Russia to be out there because they are they bombing us, they are shelling us. They are sending missiles, helicopters, jet fighters,” Zelensky said. Zelensky said in recent days he felt the US has been “closer” to his country, but said he believes Biden can do more to help. “I’m sure that President [Biden] can do more, I’m sure he can and I would like to believe that he’s capable of doing that,” Zelensky told Muir. The Ukrainian president also confirmed that the US and the West had offered to rescue him from his country amid threats to him and his family. But he declined. “I said no, because how can I do this? I’m a citizen of my country and I’m the elected president of these people.” Zelensky, who has vowed to remain in the capital Kyiv even as Russian forces draw closer, told Muir that he is hoping for a happy ending to the conflict. “I would like the end to be like in the Hollywood movies. The happy end for our country.” With Post wires