Any body has a beach body — if you have the right swimsuit, that is. Shopping for swimwear can be a fun yet stressful time, as there are so many options to choose from but not many that are fashionable, comfortable and affordable all in one. Plus, getting down to your skivvies to try on a suit can be awkward for some, especially if you are trying to avoid in-person shopping. We rounded up some of the best brands for hitting the beach. Whether you prefer a full-coverage one-piece with a sarong on top for good measure, or like to bare it all in a sexy bikini, there are options for you and then some. Dive right in and shop some of the best women’s swim brands of the 2022 season, listed below. Retailers include Target, Amazon, Abercrombie & Fitch, Aerie, J. Crew and more. When shopping for a cute swimsuit, you don’t have to travel much further than Target. The brand Kona Sol is sold there, expanding Target’s swim selection to include trendy and youthful swimwear spanning bikinis, one-pieces and more. They are also both affordable and inclusive, with options for extended sizing and most pieces priced between $25 and $30. Did you know Abercrombie was great for more than just jeans? Pair your favorite pair with a cute bikini top or rock the full suit in an array of colors and patterns, made to flatter your figure and get you poolside ready. Many separates start at around $29, making this an affordable option, too. If you don’t already have a suit from this cult-favorite brand, you need one right now. “Euphoria” fans will recognize the hot pink suit Sydney Sweeney wore, which now has a 500-person waitlist. However, if you don’t want to wait, we recommend browsing their site for even more cute and flirty options. If you already love the super soft undies and bras from Aerie, you’ll love their swimwear, too. The intimates brand has a full range of suits, ranging from bikinis to one-pieces and cover-ups, with free shipping and free returns to boot. Adore how you look in a swimsuit with an adorable one from Adore Me. The intimates brand is amazing at being size inclusive, offering sizes XS through 4XL and cup sizes between an A and I with 30 to 46 band sizes. Shop for your full vacation wardrobe at J. Crew by stopping by their Swim Shop before you checkout. The brand now offers a full range of swimwear, ranging in size from XXS to 3X and made of fully sustainable materials. Not only do they sell the traditional bikinis and one-pieces, but they even have options for long torsos, helping those who need a better fit that what they normally find in other suits. Feel confident and sexy in new swimwear from Cupshe this spring and summer. The swim brand is known for fun patterns and colors, spanning bikinis, tankinis and one-pieces in addition to cover-ups and accessories for the beach or pool. They even have a fun mix and match option on site, letting you design your own set for summer. Call all your girlfriends and plan a beach day once your suit arrives in the mail. Girlfriend Collective is a great option for those who love sustainability and basics, as the brand makes their suits with recycled fishing nets. Choose from a few styles of one-pieces or a bikini mix and match set, on sale now from just $15. You’ll want to book a vacation ASAP after seeing all the swimwear at Lulu’s. The cute and trendy brand has a whole swim shop on their site, spanning all sorts of styles and cuts. You can even shop for printed suits for added style, or opt for more basics that you can mix and match. Swim with the dolphins, not plastic bottles. That’s Wolven’s mission, as they use sustainable materials for their swimsuits, including plastic bottles recycled into super soft and stretchy fabric perfect for a swim. They also remove one pound of trash from oceans and shorelines with each purchase, so load your cart and then hit the cleaner beach. For many, the beach is a sanctuary, and now shopping for swimsuits can be a peaceful process, too. The women’s clothing line launched its first-ever swimsuit collection last year, and we are so glad they did. Combining basics and easy-to-wear color palettes with fun styles and pops of print, the suits turn any poolside into your own personal runway, and at a decent price as well. Most items range from $50 to $100, and for a well-made suit that makes you feel sexy, that’s not bad at all. Make off like a bandit when shopping for cute swim essentials at Grey Bandit. The Gen Z fashion company has the lowdown on what’s trending on the beach this summer, from neon pattered bikini tops to high rise cheeky bottoms. We think Venus must have been in talks with Neptune on this one because this swimsuit collection is other-worldly. The women’s clothing site has a huge selection of swimsuits, with subsections for style, fit, coverups and more. They also sell one-pieces and cover-ups in a plethora of patterns, perfect for mixing and matching. You’ll be doing somersaults, cartwheels and backflips when you find out this brand has got it all. The clothing company’s swimwear line is one to watch, not only for fun styles in both bikinis and one-pieces but for size inclusivity. Many items range from a 0 to a 22, with some going up to a 24. Paint with all the colors of the wind and the water, with a new collection from Kenny Flowers. The Watercolors collection is a new swim line from the resort wear brand, featuring matching swimmies for you, your girl crew, your bridal party, your man and even your dog. For the everyday swimming essentials, you can also shop by pattern, with a variety of fun and trending styles to browse for any upcoming boat parties. Most suits hover around the $30 to $130 range and accessories like kimonos, cover-ups and other beach must-haves are also in that ballpark. If you’re in the market for a show-stopping bikini, look no further. Nasty Gal is a great one-stop-shop before your trip to the beach or pool, as they carry all your swim essentials as well as cover-ups and other must-have accessories. Just search for swim and you’ll find over 400 bikinis and suits to browse, many of which start at just $19. Not that lounging by the pool isn’t a sport, but for the swimmers out there who need a refresh, Nike has got you covered. For the athlete or those that just want that athletic look and feel of a well-made performance swimsuit, Nike has a range of options for everyone. They also offer full-coverage options for those that need it head-to-toe with the new Victory suit and swim tunic as well. Get back to basics and back to the beach this spring with some swim must-haves at & Other Stories. The women’s fashion brand is a global one, with ateliers in Paris, Stockholm and Los Angeles to name a few. Because of this, all of their styles are classic and can be worn on the beaches of LA and in the oceans of Europe, too. Even better; the collection is all very affordable, with separates starting at $25 and one-piece suits at $59. Swim into summer in a cute set from Free People. The boho brand sure knows how to have a good time at the beach, with new styles dropping all the time. If you’re after a bikini, they not only carry their own collection of tops and bottoms, but they also carry brands like Frankie’s Bikinis, Beach Riot and Stone Fox Swim to name a few. If the Kardashians are in on it, you know it’s a fashion forward move. Swim with Khloé Kardashian and her line of swimwear from Good American. The brand is great for size inclusivity, as you can even select the model’s size when shopping to see what the items will look like on a similar body type to yours and not have to guess from sample-sized models. The prices were also a great surprise, as many suits don’t go above $120, with some tops and bottoms going for just $39. Bring the reef to you, or at least to your backyard pool. Coco Reef Swimwear is a perfect option for those who want to look sexy in swimsuits but also has the option for a little bit more coverage and some tummy shaping as an added bonus. Sold at Macy’s, the collection also has its fair share of bikini tops and bottoms should you want to show some skin. Enjoy great style and even better prices poolside, with swimwear options from BCA. Sold at Walmart, BCA is the sister-line of BECCA, packing all the same style for a lot less of the price. The collection starts at just $17and peaks at $25 for stunning bikinis, one-pieces and coverups. For elevated swimwear looks, check out Bondi Born. This brand is based in Australia and their page is super aesthetically pleasing, sorted by color to help you mix and match. Create your favorite bikini combo or choose a few one-pieces and get ready for summer. These bikinis and suits are perfect to hang poolside or at the beach, showing off the adorable patterns for 2022. The site has it all, and you can also shop by coverage level, type of suit and of course, by size, ranging from XS to 3XL. Of course this beachy company has awesome swimsuits to try. Shop at PacSun for basic bikinis cute trending cuts and more, all at pretty affordable — prices starting at just $8. Then be sure to pick up some other warm weather clothes and get out into the sun. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.