Not everyone is tickled by the alleged behavior of ex-Elmo puppeteer Kevin Clash. Workplace allegations against the former “Sesame Street” fixture have surfaced via a bombshell report in the Hollywood Reporter. A puppet wrangler who worked on the set of the Disney+ series “Earth to Ned” told the publication that on his first day of employment in November 2019, he was advised by another wrangler to avoid Clash, 61. The seasoned professional allegedly warned the other worker to never address Clash directly. “Amongst other puppeteers, he’s known to be very bubbly and kind,” the wrangler claimed to THR. “But when it came to wranglers, I was told he tends to be condescending and nasty.” The wrangler later reportedly encountered Clash’s hot-button mood, saying the latter shouted at him on set. “He yelled at me because he was leaving a voicemail as Elmo for someone’s kid,” he told the Reporter. “I think I was standing too close to him. He told me to ‘shut the f–k up.'” Clash and the Jim Henson Company, which produced the show, have not yet responded to the Reporter regarding the accusations. The Post has also reached out to Clash and the company for comment. “Sesame Street” puppeteer, writer and director Joey Mazzarino discussed his own moments with Clash, which did not align with rumors about his temper. “My experience with Kevin is he is super generous, always showing newer performers how to puppeteer, happy to give you a laugh in the scene, and just super helpful,” he said. He worked his hand through Elmo and voiced the creature on “Sesame Street” from 1984 to 2012. He departed from the show in 2012 after four men filed lawsuits against him alleging sexual abuse. While he has denied the claims, Clash was accused of having sexual relations with the individuals when they were minors. However, due to the statute of limitations, the cases were dropped. Clash has worked as a puppeteer for the Jim Henson Company on multiple projects, including the 2018 film “The Happytime Murders,” the Netflix series “The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance,” Apple TV’s “Fraggle Rock: Back to the Rock” and “Earth to Ned.”