And the first round of celebrity presenters for the 2022 Oscars goes to … The Academy confirmed that Lady Gaga, Kevin Costner, Zoë Kravitz, Rosie Perez, Chris Rock and Yuh-Jung Youn will be presenting their fellow actors with awards at this year’s show. Gaga, 35, may be the most notable name on the list after the singer-turned-actress, who already has an Oscar, was snubbed by the awards show this year for her starring role in “House of Gucci.” Two-time Oscar-winner Costner (“Dances With Wolves”), 67, recently announced his new gig hosting and narrating a four-part series to ring in the 150th anniversary of Yellowstone National Park. “Yellowstone: One-Fifty” is scheduled to be released later this year. Kravitz, 33, has been making waves in the press as she promotes her new movie “The Batman,” in which she stars as the latest iteration of Catwoman alongside Robert Pattinson’s title character. “Fearless” Oscar nominee Perez, 57, will also be presenting alongside former Oscars host Rock, 578. And reigning Best Supporting Actress winner Yuh-Jung Youn (“Minari”), 75, will grace the stage again to pass on the honor of winning the iconic trophy. “Movies inspire us, entertain us and unite us across the globe,” Oscars producer Will Packer said. “That’s the precise goal of the show this year, and we’re thrilled to welcome the first of a stellar lineup joining the Oscars stage to help us celebrate the power of film and honor the year’s best in filmmaking.” The Academy previously confirmed their history-making decision allowing three women to host the ceremony. Amy Schumer, 40; Wanda Sykes, 57, and Regina Hall, 51, are slated to serve as 2022’s ceremony leaders, alongside the show’s usual lineup of celebrity award readers. The Academy told The Post in a statement that “all three hosts will be together — not each hosting a separate hour.” It’s been three years since The Academy Awards had any semblance of a host, last performed by Jimmy Kimmel in 2018. The beleaguered gig has since been cursed by controversy and coronavirus pandemic-related struggles. The in-person event airs on ABC from Los Angeles’ Dolby Theatre on Sunday, March 27, at 8 p.m. ET — and will not require guests to show proof of vaccination, falling out of line with the recent SAG Awards and Critics Choice Awards.