Bow down cause Queen B is in the house! Beyoncé, 40, wowed viewers with her highly anticipated performance at the Oscars on Sunday, opening the show with a bang with her 10-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy Carter. The Beyhive has been buzzing since it was reported that Queen Bey was scheduled to perform at the film awards show. Rumors were quickly confirmed that the star would be seen belting out her Best Original Song entry “Be Alive,” which brought her first Oscar nomination. The song was co-written with artist Dixson and featured on the soundtrack for “King Richard,” about tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams and their controversial coach and father, Richard. Bey performed via satellite from a Compton tennis court where the Williams family practiced and set a stunning tennis dynasty in motion. The movie was also nominated for Best Picture starring Best Actor nominee Will Smith as the patriarch of the legendary tennis sister act. Beyoncé fans shared their excitement, with “BEYONCÉ IS COMING” trending on Twitter in the hours leading up to the show. Follow the 2022 Oscars with our up-to-the-minute coverage:  The performances of the songs in the Best Original Song lineup are a staple of the Oscars. The 2022 nominees also include Billie Eilish and Finneas with “No Time to Die,” Reba McEntire with “Somehow You Do” from “Four Good Days” and Sebastian Yatra with “Dos Oruguitas” from “Encanto,” all of whom will also perform their hits throughout the night. Van Morrison was also nominated for his song “Down to Joy” from “Belfast,” but was unable to perform due to his conflicting tour dates. Sunday’s dazzling performance was not the first time Beyoncé has graced Oscars viewers with a performance. She performed numerous tracks from the Best Song category on the 2005 live broadcast, including “Learn to Be Lonely” from the feature remake of “The Phantom of the Opera.” Beyoncé also sang alongside Jennifer Hudson and Anika Noni Rose in 2007 with a medley from “Dreamgirls” and with Hugh Jackman in 2009 in a montage honoring movie musicals. While “Be Alive” is Yoncé’s first Oscar nomination, she was shortlisted in 2021 with her husband Jay-Z for their collaboration on “Guns Go Bang” from “The Harder They Fall” soundtrack and again for “Spirit” for “The Lion King.”