Gov. Kathy Hochul announced Wednesday she is setting in motion a process to “permanently” allow bars and restaurants to serve to-go booze — a silver lining for New Yorkers recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic. “We are proposing to permanently allow bars and restaurants to sell to-go drinks,” Hochul said at Therapy Wine Bar 2.0 in Brooklyn, adding that the New York State Liquor Authority will iron out details and implement “very specific regulations” for the measure. “We saw that this is a critical revenue stream,” she added. “This is what kept people afloat during those dark, dark months and years of the pandemic.” She predicted the to-go drink legislation allowing delivery and takeout of beer, wine and cocktails will be in effect “very soon” after residents weigh in on the proposal. “We are actually in the process. What you do is you first propose the change and then you have a regulation process. So we’ll be hearing from the public. You’ll be seeing very specific regulations that come out from the State Liquor Authority on how these issues will be dealt with,” she said in response to a question from The Post about specifics of the law. “And yes, we want to make sure the age for drinking, consuming alcohol is adhered to.” Asked if food will be required to go alongside the alcohol, Hochul replied, “I don’t believe it’ll be necessary to have food associated with it.” “But it’s all about making it easier for these businesses,” the governor went on. “They have been through so much.” The announcement comes after Hochul in December signed a bill that allows for restaurants and bars to obtain temporary liquor licenses. In January, the State Liquor Authority ruled that movie theaters are allowed to serve booze. Takeout and delivery of alcoholic beverages were first allowed in March 2020 via an executive order signed by disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo to help eateries amid a COVID-19-induced shutdown in indoor service. But the rule must be extended every 30 days. When the allowance was set to expire in March 2021, it was quietly extended through April 6. In June, the COVID-19 state of emergency order that allowed the drinks to flow came to an end, meaning restaurants and bars serving to-go booze did as well. Hochul, during her first state of the state address in January, announced she planned to reinstate the state’s popular “Drinks-to-Go” initiative. Hochul, who included the measure in her state budget proposal, said the move is necessary to help struggling businesses during the Omicron surge in coronavirus cases. The ability of restaurants and bars to sell to-go drinks is popular in the Empire State. Nearly 80 percent of New Yorkers want to maintain the rule that permits booze takeout and delivery at bars and restaurants, according to a survey released in May by the New York State Restaurant Association. But a group representing liquor stores has opposed codifying legislation that permits to-go and delivery cocktails, arguing it will harm the 3,500 small businesses that employ over 35,000 workers in the state. Michael Correra — executive director of the Metropolitan Package Store Association, which represents liquor stores — labeled Hochul’s permanent alcohol-to-go proposal for restaurants and bars “an attack” on the industry and vowed to vigorously “fight” it. “We are just trying to survive. We are among the last businesses on Main Street. The governor has decided drinks to go will help the restaurant industry without hurting us. We disagree,” he told The Post Wednesday afternoon. “We weren’t invited to the press conference. No one has heard our side. We’re getting shoplifted. We can’t find workers. We have a lot of problems. “I hope only the best for restaurants. But don’t take my revenue. This is a revenue grab,” he fumed. “We will fight this tooth and nail. The governor has an opinion. The legislature might have a different opinion.” State Sen. Diane Savino also has concerns. “I’m opposed to the plan to make to-go drinks permanent, as currently drafted. We need to take a broad look at changes to the alcohol beverage law. You can’t just look at one segment of the industry,” said Savino (D-Southern Brooklyn/Staten Island) on Wednesday. “What changes are you making for the liquor stores?” the retiring lawmaker added. “They can’t sell beer. They can’t even sell wine glasses.” Savino also referenced complaints of rowdy customers buying drinks and hanging in the streets while drinking them, and claimed that some bars and eateries have attempted “to create their own liquor industry” by “making their own cocktail drinks and putting them in a bottle with their own label.” Despite blowback from the liquor store trade groups and some lawmakers, Scott Wexler, executive director of the Empire State Restaurant and Tavern Association, said Hochul’s proposal is likely to be passed by the legislature and signed into law. “It has a better chance because it’s in the governor’s budget. I think we’re in a better position than we were in the past, like last year it was in a standalone bill,” he told The Post. “The liquor stores claim it’s wrong to give us the ability to sell wine and liquor to go because they’re the only ones who can — but they’re wrong because since Prohibition, bars and restaurants can sell beer to go,” he added. “The direct shipment of wine to your house has been legal since 2005. Also for 20, 25 years now, we’ve had the law that says if you order a bottle of wine with your meal at a restaurant, you can take it home. They say woe is me, nothing has been done to help them. They’re wrong about that. We expanded the hours and days of sale they can have.” Of the potential for New Yorkers to roam the streets with alcohol, Wexler said the State Liquor Authority can enforce the rules and limitations can be put in place. Hochul’s proposal does not get rid of the state’s prevailing open container laws that prohibit New Yorkers from consuming alcohol in public spaces.