TAMPA — The Yankees suffered their first loss of the year Monday, when a federal judge ruled a letter from MLB commissioner Rob Manfred to general manager Brian Cashman in 2017 regarding the team’s alleged involvement in sign-stealing should be made public. But multiple sources continue to insist the letter describes only minor transgressions and the Yankees’ attempt at keeping the letter — which stemmed from the investigation into the Red Sox “AppleWatchGate” scandal — private is that the team doesn’t believe its reputation should be harmed due to a lawsuit that didn’t involve the Yankees. The Yankees and MLB have two weeks to decide whether to appeal the latest ruling. The U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals disagreed with the Yankees’ argument that the release of the letter “would be distorted to falsely and unfairly generate the confusing scenario that the Yankees had somehow violated MLB’s sign stealing rules, when in fact the Yankees did not.” The court wrote in response, “That argument, however, carries little weight. Disclosure of the document will allow the public to independently assess MLB’s conclusion regarding the internal investigation (as articulated to the Yankees), and the Yankees are fully capable of disseminating their own views regarding the actual content of the Yankees Letter.” The letter is said to deal with a pair of sign-stealing-related transgressions committed by the Yankees, including improperly using a dugout phone in a season before 2017, as well as referencing the fact some Yankees players stationed themselves in the team’s replay room in an attempt to steal opponents’ signs, then relayed that information to runners on second base so they could try to tell the hitter what was coming. MLB previously released information about the use of the dugout phone and absolved the Yankees of any penalty for these actions, saying in a statement “we clarified the rules going forward to expressly prohibit such conduct.” The court also agreed with a previous ruling that “a substantial portion” of the letter has already been made public by MLB in a press release about the investigation, chief judge Debra Ann Livingston wrote in her ruling. Also at issue from the Yankees’ perspective is that it will tie the organization into the sign-stealing scandals committed by the Astros and Red Sox, since the letter was part of discovery into a lawsuit that was filed by DraftKings bettors, who sued MLB, the Red Sox and the Astros for $5 million. The Yankees also argued the letter from Manfred to Cashman was confidential, which is why it should remain sealed.