The Long Island native accused of randomly shoving an 87-year-old woman to her death surrendered to cops Tuesday — as her A-list attorney complained that she was being targeted for her “socioeconomic status.” Lauren Pazienza, 26, kept mum as she was led into Manhattan Criminal Court — her flowing, red hair covering her face — to face manslaughter and assault charges in the March 10 attack that critically injured beloved former Broadway voice coach Barbara Maier Gustern. Gustern, who suffered traumatic brain injuries, died five days later. Prosecutors said Pazienza crossed West 28th Street and Eighth Avenue at around 8:30 p.m. the night of the shove and called the elderly woman a “bitch” — before pushing her to the pavement “without provocation.” Defense attorney Arthur Aidala claimed to the judge that “pushing someone who’s on the sidewalk” isn’t the same as “pushing someone in front of a cliff” or “pushing someone in front of a moving train” — as he accused Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg’s office of “overcharging” his client. “The DA goes out of their way to undercharge a case, and in this particular case they’re overcharging,” Aidala said in court, referring to Bragg’s progressive policies. He questioned whether the manslaughter charge, which carries a sentence of up to 25 years, was due to Pazienza’s “socioeconomic status,” “race” or the media interest in the case. Gursten’s grandson AJ, however, slammed the attorney’s argument, telling The Post: “Sounds like a smart guy. How about pushing [someone] into a curb?” Judge Michael Gaffey ordered Pazienza to undergo a medical exam and mental-health evaluation after seeing her in “pain” and “crying,” Aidala told reporters. The judge set Paziena’s bail at $500,000, which she is expected to post, according to her lawyer. Aidala, whose past clients include disgraced producer Harvey Weinstein and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani, said after the hearing that his client and her family were traumatized by the ordeal. Gustern — whose students included Blondie singer Debbie Harry — was left “bleeding profusely from the head” after hitting the cement that night, Assistant District Attorney Justin McNabney said in court. Pazienza “briskly” walked off, the prosecutor said, adding that the two women were strangers. The accused killer then stayed in the neighborhood for nearly 30 minutes — even watching as ambulances and police cars rushed to Gustern’s aid 13 minutes after the attack, McNabney said. Seven minutes after allegedly pushing Gustern, cameras caught Pazienza having a “physical altercation” with a man believed to be her fiancé, the ADA said. The two then took a train from Penn Station back to their home in Astoria. Pazienza subsequently took “every effort to avoid apprehension” — including deleting her wedding Web site and taking down all her social media, McNabney said, noting the nuptials were set for June. She fled to her parents’ house in Port Jefferson, and the next day “completely stopped using her cellphone,” stashing it at the home of her aunt, the prosecutor said. The victim’s grandson, meanwhile, said he felt a sense of “closure” that Pazienza was charged but stressed that she was “innocent until proven guilty.” Additional reporting by Tina Moore and Catalina Gonella