This could be game, set, match for Beyoncé. The Beyhive is already buzzing that the first-time Oscar nominee may perform at the 2022 Oscars ceremony on Sunday, March 27, according to a Variety report. The “Single Ladies” singer is allegedly in advanced talks to perform “Be Alive,” her Best Original Song entry from the soundtrack of the film “King Richard,” about tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams and their controversial coach dad, Richard. According to show sources in the report, Beyoncé could open the broadcast with a live performance from the Compton, California, tennis courts where the Williams family practiced and set a stunning tennis dynasty in motion. The movie — nominated for Best Picture — stars Best Actor nominee Will Smith as the patriarch. The Post has reached out for comment from representatives for both Beyoncé and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. In addition to Beyoncé and “Be Alive” collaborator DIXON, the other Best Original Song nominees include Billie Eilish and Finneas (“No Time to Die” from “No Time to Die”), Lin-Manuel Miranda (“Dos Oruguitas” from “Encanto”), Van Morrison (“Down to Joy” from “Belfast”) and Diane Warren (“Somehow You Do” from “Four Good Days,” by Reba McEntire). The 40-year-old Beyoncé — a 28-time Grammy winner — would join an already packed lineup of performers that includes the show’s music director Adam Blackstone, Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker, singer Sheila E., pianist Robert Glasper and the Samples, and DJ D-Nice. The ceremony also will include an ever-growing list of A-list presenters, including Stephanie Beatriz, Jennifer Garner, H.E.R., Tiffany Haddish, Tony Hawk, DJ Khaled, Bill Murray, Elliot Page, Kelly Slater, Shaun White, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Samuel L. Jackson, Jamie Lee Curtis, Woody Harrelson, Shawn Mendes, Tyler Perry and Tracee Ellis Ross, Daniel Kaluuya, Mila Kunis, Lupita Nyong’o, Naomi Scott, Wesley Snipes, John Travolta,  Lady Gaga, Kevin Costner, Zoë Kravitz, Rosie Perez, Chris Rock, Yuh-Jung Youn, Ruth E. Carter, Anthony Hopkins, Lily James, John Leguizamo, Simu Liu, Rami Malek and Uma Thurman. The 2022 Academy Awards — hosted by comedians and actresses Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes — will be broadcast from the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles starting at 8 p.m. Sunday on ABC.