Lou Lamoriello made clear on Monday that he still believes the Islanders can win with their team as currently constructed. But he did put his forward group on notice. “That’s where we’ve certainly underproduced this year, to this point, in fact, I would say disappointed with what has transpired there,” the Islanders GM said on a conference call following the trade deadline. “And we’ll see where our forwards are at from now until the end of the year.” Though the Islanders have produced more of late — in particular, Kyle Palmieri, who struggled massively until mid-February — the team is 24th in per-game scoring, a fact largely behind their middling record in a year where they were supposed to contend for the Stanley Cup. Lamoriello said the team’s goaltending would be “very difficult to improve on” with Ilya Sorokin and Semyon Varlamov in net, the team having decided against moving the latter — whose contract expires after next season — at the deadline. Defensively, he said the organization feels good about its younger players, but could add “a certain type of player.” Zdeno Chara and Andy Greene, who are 45 and 39, respectively, have expiring contracts after the season, and it would make sense for the Islanders to go after a left-handed defenseman over the summer if their salary cap situation allows for it. Retaining Varlamov, Lamoriello said, had to do with both his own play and Sorokin’s growth. Both natives of Russia, Varlamov and Sorokin get along well. “Everybody is always looking for goaltenders,” Lamoriello said. “And you don’t give up a goaltender to make another position better and make a bigger hole. You can make all the splashes in the world but you have to look at the big picture and not today but tomorrow which comes very quickly.” After the team signed Cal Clutterbuck and Zach Parise to extensions on Monday, it’s unlikely the Islanders will go into the summer with much cap room, but that won’t stop Lamoriello from trying to improve the team. “We will make whatever room we have to make,” he said. “And I think what you’re hearing is that we have to see where our players are at and that no player is solidified in anything.” Chara and Greene were both logical candidates to move on Monday, but Lamoriello said the two asked to remain with the Islanders if possible. Since Lamoriello couldn’t get a high-end asset in return for either, he honored their wishes. “Both have been extremely important in the development of Noah Dobson,” Lamoriello said. “And will certainly be an asset going forward helping right now with the maturity of where we are as a group.” Asked about a potential new contract for head coach Barry Trotz, whose deal expires at the end of the 2022-23 season, Lamoriello declined to comment, calling it “a question for the future.”