The Issue: A man who allegedly attacked a woman in the subway by smearing his feces on her face. How is it possible that a judge, Wanda Licitra, would not follow prosecutors’ request that the accused, Frank Abrokwa, who has 44 prior arrests, be held on $5,000 cash or $15,000 bond (“Court s -  - t show,” March 3)? Especially considering that he cursed at her and had to be removed from the courtroom. The seriousness of the crime — smearing his feces all over the victim — should, I think, have required his being held on bail. This poor woman may never be able to live this down, and it will haunt her forever. He should be locked up. What is wrong with our judges? Shouldn’t they be fighting to correct this injustice to the victims? John F. Rossano Oceanside Let’s see what happens when one of our elected Democratic state senators or Assembly members experiences the same vile, disgusting and degrading assault this poor woman did. Our elected officials have assaulted her again. The criminal who committed this crime was let out of jail, for the second time in only two days, with no bail. Mayor Adams tried to get Speaker Carl Heastie and Senate leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins to reconsider bail reforms to give judges more latitude in requiring some form of bail in certain cases. Apparently, his request fell on deaf ears. Shame on them. Kim Cody Whitestone The recent crime spree underscores the fact that the New York bail-reform law needs to be repealed, not merely tweaked. The miscreant in The Bronx who smeared feces on a woman who was simply waiting for her train was released without bail. These horrors fall squarely on the shoulders of the Democrats in the Legislature and the governor. Would they like it if feces were smeared on their heads? I think not. This mayhem will continue as long as we continue to send Democrats to Albany. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville A criminal attacks a person with feces, yet he is released without bail. The New York judicial system needs to be overhauled, and those in Albany must be made to understand right now that the court system favors the lawbreakers. The NYPD arrests those committing serious crimes, yet the judges are extremely lenient, letting them go without bail. The fault lies at the top — the district attorneys who give them a free pass or judges who give them a slap on the wrist or let them go. It’s about time to replace district attorneys or judges who fail to deal seriously with serious lawbreakers. The honest citizens of New York need to be protected from those who have no respect for the law. Joseph Comperchio Brooklyn A man smears feces in the face of a woman and has dozens of prior arrests, but is still released, yet the mayor chooses to blame it on mental health. Wake up, Mr. Mayor. This is a career criminal, who after what he did doesn’t deserve to be on the street. If what he did isn’t the worst form of human degrading, I don’t know what is. The mayor and all these other politicians need to stop excusing criminal behavior and using mental health issues as an out. A criminal is a criminal. Rob Cerone Manhattan It is beyond ridiculous and ludicrous that the “animal” who pushed a bag of feces into someone’s face was released from custody almost as quickly as he was arrested. The progressive bail law is a disgrace to every person who lives in New York.. The lawlessness, the murders, the robberies and the attacks on society are making it untenable to live or raise a family anywhere within the five boroughs. It is unquestionably time for a change in leadership, starting with our governor. Gov. Hochul has the power and authority to remove the moronic Manhattan district attorney, Alvin Bragg — and yet she does nothing. Alan Brooks Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.