A Missouri teenager who fell to his death from a ride at an Orlando amusement park was not properly strapped in, according to a recording of a 911 call from the scene. Tyre Sampson was just 14 years old, and had been visiting ICON Park with his family when the fatal incident occurred. “Um, I’m not sure. They’re saying he’s breathing, but he’s not responsive. Looks like his arms are broken and his legs,” the caller claimed, according to an audio recording reviewed by The Post. “I don’t know from where he fell. They [ICON park staff] didn’t secure the seatbelt on him.” The Orange County Sheriff’s Office declined to offer any new information Saturday, and said the ride was now being investigated by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. Sampson’s family has retained nationally known personal injury attorney Ben Crump, who has also repped the families of Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, and Jacob Blake. “This young man was the kind of son every parent hopes for – an honor roll student, an aspiring athlete, and a kind-hearted person who cared about others. Needless to say, his family is absolutely devastated. A fun theme park visit with his football team should not have ended in tragedy,” Crump said. Another 911 caller said the teenager was unresponsive after the plunge, was not breathing and had no pulse. “During the middle of the ride, the guy just came off,” the caller said. “He’s dead. He’s dead. He’s dead. He’s gone.” Sampson, who was 340 pounds and stood 6 feet 5 inches tall, was denied entry to other rides at the park, his father, Yarnell Sampson said, adding that his son knew something was wrong the second the ride started. “When the ride took off, that’s when he was feeling uncomfortable. He was like, ‘What’s going on?’ That’s when he started freaking out, and he was explaining to his friend next to him, ‘I don’t know man. If I don’t make it down, please tell my Mom and Daddy I love them.’ For him to say something like that, he must have felt something,” he told Fox35 Sampson was treated at Arnold Palmer Hospital before later dying of his injuries, according to the Orange County Sheriff’s Office.