This tea is piping hot. Heidi Klum has dropped the racy music video for her new single with Snoop Dogg, titled “Chai Tea with Heidi.” The supermodel, 48, can be seen writhing up against the rapper, 50, in the dance track, which marks her first musical venture in 16 years. The black-and-white clip was filmed on location in Los Angeles and Greece and sees Klum flaunting her flawless figure in a range of risqué outfits. “It was truly an honor to collaborate with so many amazing people to create this fun and upbeat music video,” Klum said in a statement sent to The Post via her PR team. “I am still pinching myself to make sure this really happened.” In the clip, the mom-of-four proves she’s still got the moves, performing a choreographed routine alongside a troupe of professional dancers. And it seems fans approve of both Klum’s dancing and singing abilities, leaving a range of fawning comments beneath the clip after it dropped on YouTube on Thursday. “Heidi is hot as hell … she steals every show,” one admirer remarked. Klum’s last single was the holiday tune “Wonderland,” released way back in 2006. The fashionista first teased her new single in October last year by sharing an Instagram photo in the recording studio to commemorate Snoop Dogg’s 50th birthday. Klum explained that the idea of the single was sparked following the finale of “Germany’s Next Top Model,” when someone suggested she perform the theme song for the reality show’s next season, the Daily Mail reported. “I love stepping outside of my comfort zone and challenging myself, so it was something I was definitely considering,” explained the Emmy-winner of the collaboration with the hip-hop icon — whose real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. “But I knew there was only one person I wanted to sing with,” she said, adding, “I am a huge Snoop Dogg fan and I figured I needed to go big or go home.” Klum said her dream came true after she contacted the “Gin and Juice” rapper about the idea and, to “my surprise and delight, he invited me to come to his studio.” The model said she and Snoop aimed to make a “song that makes people want to dance and have fun.” Given the reactions to the new track, they’ve achieved exactly that.