Ask any Oscar nominee how badly they want to win, and you’ll likely get the diplomatic response that “it’s an honor just to be nominated.” Sure, sure. But in truth, only a handful of Hollywood talents can claim to have received a nomination from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences more than once — and won. The Post looks at past winners and those to keep an eye on this year — a few high-profile nominees have the potential for record-breaking wins. And no matter what happens, this year’s ceremony is already a record-setter in one respect: It’s the first time three women — Wanda Sykes, Regina Hall and Amy Schumer — have hosted the ceremony. The records for most Oscars ever for a single person are actually held not by actors but behind-the-scenes talents of various stripes. Animator and producer Walt Disney holds the all-time record with 22 Oscars. Alfred Newman is the most-winning film composer, with nine Oscars (including, yes, “All About Eve”) and 45 nominations. But for the most nominations, no one holds a candle to “Star Wars” composer John Williams, with 52 nominations yielding five wins — and the most memorable film scores in the galaxy. Three Best Picture winners have taken home a record 11 Academy Awards each. Of those — all of which won Best Picture — 2003’s “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King” won every single category in which it was nominated. 1997’s “Titanic” took home 11 out of 14 nominations, and 1959’s “Ben-Hur,” 11 out of 15. This year, Netflix’s Benedict Cumberbatch-starring Western “The Power of the Dog” is nominated in 12 categories. If it sweeps all of them, it will become the most-winning movie in history. Legendary costume designer Edith Head, who died in 1981, won eight Oscars, including one for her work on “All About Eve,” which snared a record 14 nominations in 1950 (a record it shares with “Titanic” and 2016’s “La La Land”). Though a handful of actors and actresses have been nominated countless times (ahem, Meryl Streep), the record for wins is four, held by Katharine Hepburn, for 1934’s “Morning Glory,” 1968’s “Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner,” 1969’s “The Lion in Winter,” and 1982’s “On Golden Pond.” The actress never showed up for the awards on the years she won, though. She only attended the ceremony once, in 1974 — and that was to present an honorary award to her friend, producer Lawrence Weingarten. Three-time winner Streep — for 1980’s “Kramer vs. Kramer,” 1983’s “Sophie’s Choice,” and 2012’s “The Iron Lady” — does hold the record for most nominations of any actor, at a staggering 21 times. Viola Davis is the most-nominated African American actress ever, with four nominations and one win for 2016’s “Fences.” Hattie McDaniel was the first black actress (and the first black performer of either gender) to win an award, for Best Supporting Actress in 1939’s “Gone with the Wind.” Sidney Poitier was the first African American actor to win one, for 1963’s “Lilies of the Field.” He was also awarded an Honorary Award from the Academy in 2001. This year is the first to feature two openly queer nominees, in Best Actress nominee Kristen Stewart, as Princess Diana in “Spencer,” and Ariana DeBose, for Best Supporting Actress as Anita in “West Side Story.” If DeBose wins, she’ll be the first woman to win an Oscar for playing a role by a previously Oscar-winning actress (Rita Moreno won for the same role in the original 1961 film). John Ford holds the record for most directing Oscars, with four. A handful of auteurs have won three times for writing, including Woody Allen, Francis Ford Coppola and Billy Wilder. Jane Campion, the “Power of the Dog” director, is the only woman to have been nominated twice for Best Director, her first for 1993’s “The Piano” (she didn’t win, but did take home the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay). According to predictions on Gold Derby, she’s heavily favored — and if she picks up the gold for Best Adapted Screenplay too, she’ll be the first woman ever to win in both screenplay categories. Denzel Washington, who’s up for Best Actor this year with “The Tragedy of Macbeth,” is the most nominated African American actor in history, with this year bringing him to 10 nominations and two wins. If he wins a third, he’ll tie three other three-Oscar-winning male actors. Jack Nicholson is one of three actors to have won three times — for 1975’s “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest,” 1983’s “Terms of Endearment” and 1997’s “As Good as It Gets.” Daniel Day-Lewis won for “My Left Foot” (1990), “There Will Be Blood” (2008) and “Lincoln” (2013). Earlier, Walter Brennan was the first to hit the trifecta, with three Best Supporting Actor wins for “Come and Get It” (1936), “Kentucky” (1938), and “The Westerner” (1940). Art director Cedric Gibbons was nominated 39 times for Best Production Design, and won 11 Oscars — making him the runner-up to record holder Walt Disney. He also made an indelible mark on the Academy, as he’s the man who designed the statuette!