The Issue: The Post editorial criticizing intel experts who called Hunter Biden’s laptop “disinformation.” I certainly appreciated The Post’s recent editorial, which took on the elephant in the room when it comes to so-called experts (“ ‘Experts’ Without a Clue,” March 23). You’re so correct. Never have we had so many experts be so wrong. I wonder where major cable news stations find all these “experts” who regularly show up on MSNBC and CNN pretending to know so much about actually nothing? Those 51 experts who pushed misinformation about Hunter’s laptop were all spreading, perhaps even knowingly, a totally farcical narrative. Kudos once again to The Post Editorial Board for reminding folks that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper still stands by his disinformation today. Salvator GiarrataniBoston Finally, someone is holding those 51 pairs of feet to the fire. These top intelligence people — most or all Democrats — put their party’s interests ahead of those of the American people. Shame on them all. Nice going, New York Post. You’ve done the United States a big favor. William D. EifertSterling, Va. All of a sudden, we find out that Hunter’s laptop was real because The New York Times now says it was. The White House still refuses to answer any questions about it, saying that Hunter doesn’t work for the government. And CNN and a bunch of other news organizations continue to employ people who signed a letter saying that the laptop was Russian disinformation, when we now know it wasn’t. Furthermore, Trump was criticized for not trusting American intelligence officials, and they call him a Putin-lover because of that. Now the question comes up — why should he have trusted them? And why do we trust them now? The intelligence community is supposed to be apolitical and not decide the fate of American elections. Mindy RaderNew City The 51 experts who signed the letter that said Hunter’s laptop was Russian disinformation are all left-leaning liars. Half of them are analysts on mainstream media, and the other half are teachers at liberal universities or on the boards of left-leaning companies. These people are way too arrogant to admit they lied, and they know they lied. When you feel like you are untouchable and there’s no accountability, this is what you get. At least their incompetence is being exposed. Joe MicareMalta “ ‘Experts’ Without a Clue” is dead on: The New York Times, The Washington Post and the rest of the mainstream media avert their gaze or actively play along as the Democrats corrupt and defile everything they get their hands on: the FBI, the CIA, the IRS, the State Department — and our foreign policy, which is increasingly surreal. We need oil, but Biden doesn’t want us to pump our own, so he looks for help from Saudi Arabia and from criminal states Iran and Venezuela. We’re giving Ukraine modest help but blocking the jets it needs and refusing a no-fly zone. Meanwhile, the Russians bomb hospitals and schools. Biden is so desperate for a nuclear deal with Iran that he’s letting the Russians negotiate it. November can’t come soon enough for me. Bill MarsanoManhattan Of all the 51 intelligence “experts” who attached their names to the infamous letter claiming the Hunter laptop story was Russian disinformation, Clapper and John Brennan are the most despicable. These two pathological liars used their power and status to undermine an election for partisan purposes. Clapper is especially disgusting, because he had the nerve to try to justify his participation in this sham. Robert DiNardoFarmingdale The 51 intelligence frauds should all be on “wanted posters” in every post office. Because of them and the corrupt media, we have Biden as president. He’s so incompetent that it is tragic on a worldwide scale. Thank God for the New York Post. Raymond FontanaWestbrook, Conn. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.