President Biden will release 180 million barrels of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve over the next six months in the latest attempt to ease runaway inflation and soaring gas prices, the White House announced Thursday. Biden was scheduled to give remarks at 1:30 p.m. announcing the release, which will take place in increments of up to 1 million barrels per day — though critics were skeptical that it would do anything to help ease pain at the pump. As of Thursday, the average price of a gallon of gas nationwide stood at $4.23. However, prices were above $5 per gallon in Western states like California and Nevada. At this time last year, the average price of a gallon of gas was $2.87 across America. The Biden administration has largely put the blame on Russian President Vladimir Putin and domestic oil companies refusing to increase their production. Earlier this month, Biden imposed a ban on all Russian energy imports in retaliation for Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. “Since Putin accelerated his military build-up around Ukraine, gas prices have increased by nearly a dollar per gallon,” the White House said in a statement. “Because of Putin’s war of choice, less oil is getting to market, and the reduction in supply is raising prices at the pump for Americans. President Biden is committed to doing everything in his power to help American families who are paying more out of pocket as a result.” The White House has repeatedly highlighted 9,000 unused approved permits for oil and gas production, accusing companies of not “doing their part” and “choosing to make extraordinary profits.” To combat the lack of production, the administration is calling on Congress to implement fees on companies that are not using the wells in their leases. The fees come in coordination with the tapping of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which the administration has called “the largest release” in history. However, with Americans consuming 20 million barrels of oil per day, the release only amounts to nine days’ worth of consumption. Thursday’s announcement is the third time the Biden administration has tapped the reserves in five months, after previously agreeing to release 50 million barrels from the reserve in November. It then announced the release of another 30 million barrels at the beginning of this month in coordination with the release of another 30 million barrels by 30 countries around the world. “Over the past 120 days, 110 million barrels of oil reserves have been committed for release. About a million barrels a day,” tweeted Brian Brenberg, a business and economics professor at The King’s College in New York, in response to the plan. “If you’re wondering what Biden’s latest 1 million-barrels-day release plan is going to do, well, look around. You’ve seen it.” “Again, strategic oil reserves are for an emergency, not for stupid governance decisions,”  author and former investment banker Carol Roth posted. “And even if it is all for the US, this is 9 days of consumption.” Also Thursday, Biden is also expected to invoke the Defense Production Act to ramp up production of minerals for electric car batteries.