The Manhattan US Attorney’s Office accidentally released a list of alleged johns who frequented a hooker under the thumb of accused Sarah Lawrence sex-trafficker Larry Ray — and the names may include a retired state judge, architect and financial whizes. The list was admitted under seal at Ray’s ongoing federal trial — and  inadvertently briefly uploaded to a public file share system Monday night before prosecutors took it down. “Please do not reproduce, share, or use this exhibit in any way. If you have downloaded this file, please delete it,” a rep for the office said in a statement sent to media outlets asking about the mistake. The list is of alleged “main clients’’ of Claudia Drury, who has been testifying that Ray made several million dollars by prostituting her. Drury sent the list in a 2018 e-mail to Ray’s alleged cohort, Isabella Pollok. Some of the names on the list, which was reviewed by The Post, were unusual monikers shared with several prominent people. The development came before Ray apparently fell ill in court and had to be wheeled out for the second time since his trial started. Ray, wearing an oxygen mask, was taken from Manhattan federal court on a stretcher after he apparently became sick just before 12:30 p.m. The accused sex-trafficker, 62, also had been rushed out of court March 15 after his lawyer said he suffered an earlier seizure at the Brooklyn jail where he’s being held during his trial. Before the trial was put on hold Tuesday, Drury, 31, continued to testify about the four years she spent working as a prostitute allegedly under Ray’s direction. In the years leading up to her becoming a prostitute, Drury testified that Ray and Pollok groomed her sexually and encouraged her to engage in random sexual encounters. Pollok has denied any wrongdoing. On one occasion, Ray told Drury to take a taxi and have sex with the driver instead of paying a fare, she said. In another instance, Ray allegedly instructed her to pick up a stranger in Manhattan and have sex with him in Central Park. The accused fiend also spoke with her about group sex, telling her that Pollok once went to a “low-income” housing project and convinced a group of men there to have a “gang-bang” with her, Drury testified. “He showed me a video of it,” Drury testified about Ray. In 2014, Drury began working at a sex club in New York, where a manager engaged in violent BDSM sexual encounters with her, once hitting her with a 2-by-4 during a session, she testified. When she told Ray about her experiences at the club, she said, he became “very engaged” and “seemed proud of me.” In 2015, she began working as a prostitute after Ray suggested it as means for her to earn money to pay him for damages he had convinced her she made to his property, Drury testified. One of her first clients, Drury said, was a “creepy” man she recognized from the sex club she worked at who insisted she tell him that she loved him as they had sex, she said. “It was extremely unpleasant and creepy and weird,” Drury testified. Over the next four years, Drury made about $2.5 million, all of which she passed to Ray, while meeting clients and living in high-class Manhattan hotels, the witness testified. She traveled to Philadelphia, Washington, DC, and Connecticut to meet clients, she said. On one occasion, Drury said, Pollok and Ray showed up to her room at the Time Hotel in Midtown and told her that they “really wanted to have sex. “Isabella was wearing a shirt that was sheer,” she said. Ray then asked Drury if there was anyone around who would have sex with Pollok, she testified. Drury spoke to the night manager, who came to the room, she said. “Isabella was masturbating on my bed. He came in, and Isabella gave him oral sex. I think I participated, but I don’t remember exactly how,” Drury testified. Throughout her time as a prostitute, Drury said, she made false confessions about her poisoning Ray and damaging his property, which he recorded and used as collateral over her. Ray is charged in a 17-count indictment on charges including racketeering and sex trafficking. Prosecutors allege he exerted control over a group of young people after moving into his daughter’s Sarah Lawrence dorm building in 2010. Ray allegedly brainwashed a number of his victims into believing they were part of a plot to poison him on behalf of his former foes, including disgraced ex-NYPD Commissioner Bernie Kerik. If convicted, Ray faces a maximum of life in prison.