Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, who died Friday in Colombia, had a heart that weighed double the average for men his age, according to a new report. Forensic experts during an examination found Hawkins heart weighed “at least 600 grams,” double the average of 300 to 350 grams, the Daily Mail reported Sunday. Hawkins, 50, was found dead Friday in a hotel room at the Four Seasons Casa Medina in Bogota. In his room, there were multiple drugs found, according to a report that cited Colombia authorities. “Colombian authorities found: marijuana, antidepressants, opioids, heroine [sic]. At least 10 different substances found,” journalist Luis Carlos Velez tweeted Saturday afternoon, citing Fiscalia Colombia, the national attorney general’s office. Velez initially reported that Hawkins, a California native, had overdosed, but later backtracked in a follow up tweet. “Colombian authorities press release confirming 10 substances found #TaylorHawkins – Official release does not say overdose. Investigation continues,” he wrote. Hawkins died of a cardiovascular collapse, the Daily Mail reported Sunday morning, citing Colombian news magazine Semana. A police officer said a “cocaine looking powder” was seen in the hotel room, Velez claims, while national newspaper El Tiempo reported that authorities “found hallucinogenic drugs” but “no signs of violence in the luxury hotel room.” “Colombian authorities found: an empty beer can, an opened bottle of vodka, a Coca-Cola bottle, and some ‘other articles’ being analyzed by authorities,” Velez reported. After his death, tributes poured in for Hawkins — the drummer behind international Foo Fighters hits such as “My Hero,” “Learn to Fly” and “Best of You.” Heartbroken fans gathered Friday night outside the hotel to mourn the acclaimed drummer. “It was a band I grew up with. This leaves me empty,” Juan Sebastian Anchique, 23, told The Associated Press as he mourned Hawkins outside the hotel. Before his death Foo Fighter guitarist Dave Grohl told The Post how important being in a band was. In his 2021 memoir “The Storyteller,” Grohl called Hawkins his “brother from another mother, my best friend, a man for whom I would take a bullet,” and recounts the instant connection when Hawkins joined the Foo Fighters in 1997. “Upon first meeting, our bond was immediate, and we grew closer with every day, every song, every note that we ever played together,” he wrote. “We are absolutely meant to be, and I am grateful that we found each other in this lifetime.” Days before Hawkins died, he was lured out of his Paraguay hotel room to meet a 9-year-old street drummer with whom he shared a heartwarming moment. Emma Sofía and her father Julius Peralta bought tickets to see the band at the Asunciónico music festival on March 22, but the event was canceled amid heavy flooding, according to Nexstar. The fans then got word that the Foo Fighters were staying at the Sheraton hotel in Asuncion. “We took her drum kit and went,” Peralta reportedly said. As the smiling late drummer posed for a now-viral picture, dozens of fans were in the background cheering for the beaming duo. “Dreams come true,” Peralta captioned the photo on Twitter.