President Biden lambasted a Texas directive ordering child welfare investigations into parents of transgender kids who approve certain treatments for their offspring, describing it as “government overreach at its worst.” “In recent days, elected leaders in Texas have launched a cynical and dangerous campaign targeting transgender children and their parents,” Biden said in a statement late Wednesday. “The Governor of Texas has directed state officials to open child abuse investigations into families simply because they have provided access to affirming care for their children. This is government overreach at its worst,” the president continued, accusing Republican Gov. Greg Abbott of attempting to “score political points” with the order. “These actions are terrifying many families in Texas and beyond. And they must stop,” Biden said. On Wednesday, the US Department of Health and Human Services urged anyone targeted by a child welfare investigation spurred by Abbott’s order to contact the agency’s civil rights office, with HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra calling the directive “discriminatory and unconscionable.” HHS also released guidance Wednesday informing health care providers they are not required to disclose private patient information regarding treatments like puberty blockers and hormone therapy — while adding that states “should use their child welfare systems to advance safety and support for LGBTQI+ youth” which can include “gender-affirming care.” The department also reiterated to providers that denials of care based on gender identity are illegal. “These announcements make clear that rather than weaponizing child protective services against loving families, child welfare agencies should instead expand access to gender-affirming care for transgender children,” Biden said in his statement. “Children, their parents, and their doctors should have the freedom to make the medical decisions that are best for each young person — without politicians getting the way.” Last month, Abbott ordered the state Department of Family and Protective Services to enforce an opinion by state Attorney General Ken Paxton that read, in part: “Certain procedures done on minors such as castration, fabrication of a ‘penis’ using tissue from other body parts, fabrication of a ‘vagina’ involving the removal of male sex organs, prescription of puberty-suppressors and infertility-inducers, and the like are all ‘abuse’ under section 261.001 of the Texas Family Code.” The parents of a transgender 16-year-old became the first known family to be investigated under the order. A Travis County district judge temporarily blocked the investigation Wednesday ahead of a March 11 hearing on whether to issue a broader temporary order blocking enforcement of Abbott’s directive. Many Texas district attorneys have already said they would decline to take parents subjected to state investigations to court on alleged abuse charges. “As I told transgender Americans in my State of the Union Address [Tuesday] evening, ‘I’ll always have your back as your President so you can be yourself and reach your God-given potential,’” Biden said in his statement Wednesday. “[First lady] Jill and I are standing with the incredibly brave transgender children, their parents, and families throughout Texas and around the country, and we will continue to fight for a future where all children can thrive.” With Post wires