Hip, hip, hooray! Well, that’s what we say when we’re marking the start of Saks Fifth Avenue’s 2022 Friends & Family Sale, anyway. Designed for department store diehards and beauty bravados alike, Saks Fifth Avenue has all of your favorite brands on sale, en masse. From La Mer and Briogeo to Dr. Barbara Sturm and 111skin (the latter two being some of Olivia Jade’s favorite brands), Saks has an exorbitant list of beauty deals that don’t disappoint. Aside from plump lip glosses and honeyed serums, the 10% off beauty items (using code BEAUTY10 — with some exclusions), also applies to fragrance. We listed some of our much-adored favorite spritzes below, too. To get the most out of Saks’ Friends & Family Sale — which officially starts Monday and ends on March 29 — shop our 12 best picks from the event below, along with the best designer fashion steals from the sale. You won’t want to miss it (and neither do we, as our carts are nearly filled to the brim). Click these customized quick-shop links to jump to a specific type of product: Dare we say it? This is truly the crème de la crème of skincare products, much ado to La Mer’s Moisturizing Cream being ultra-rich, leading your skin to a more rejuvenated feel and helping reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Not only is it one of RHONJ Melissa Gorga’s favorite beauty products, but it also pairs especially well with the brand’s Cleansing Foam (now $23) and Renewal Oil (now $126). Truthfully, we love Briogeo and all of its glory. If you’re much in love with the brand’s deep conditioning mask as much as we are, you’ll reap the benefits of the jumbo size — coming in big at 32 ounces — during Saks’ sale. It’s sulfate-free, helps strengthen damaged hair and is formulated with rosehip oil, B vitamins and algae extract to help reverse the effects of dry, brittle and even color-treated hair. There’s an 8oz tub (now $34) and a 2oz size (now $13) should you not want a large size. For all things anti-aging, we have much to owe to Estee Lauder’s humble Advanced Night Repair Serum. Now, exclusively for Saks’ sale, you can snag a two-pack of the rich, award-winning formula for less than $165 — proven to last you for months on end. As one of the most elegant fragrances on the market, Byredo’s Mixed Emotions Eau De Parfum deserves more acclaim than it already has. With scent notes of black tea and violet leaf extracts, it’s just perfect for everyday wear. The fragrance also comes in a 1.6-ounce size (now $176) for you to spritz, should you want a more travel-friendly option. We nearly squealed when we noticed NARS is on sale at Saks. Though some products don’t have dozens of dollars swiped off, every bit counts — and this rockstar beauty brand is worth the 10% off. Specifically, its Powermatte Lip Pigment comes several two glossy colors that are long-lasting. Paired with the brand’s bestselling “Orgasm” blush (now $27) and crowd-favorite Radiant Creamy Concealer (also $27), your makeup routine will be on point. Perfect for traveling (or, gifting to the travel lover in your life), snag 111skin’s The Jetsetter 3-Piece Set. Coming with the brand’s Sub-Zero De-Puffing Eye Mask, Rose Gold Illuminating Eye Mask and Celestial Black Diamond Eye Mask, it’s a trio you won’t want to skip. Undeniably one of the most sought-after brands in the luxury beauty community, Augustinus Bader takes the cake as the Pro of Hydration. The Rich Cream is also available in a 1oz size (available for pre-order) and is unmatched for creating smoother, supple skin. Much acclaim has been given to MFK’s Baccarat Rouge 540 perfume — and for a good reason. It simply looks regal, combines jasmine with the fresh scent of saffron and amber and transcends the aesthetics of France to your home. This fragrance also comes in a 2.4-ounce size (now $293) should you want a smaller option. Perfect for gifting or treating yourself to a much-deserved R&R spa day, Esker Beauty has a wonderful three-piece set for less than $100. Coming with a firming oil, firming body wash and dry brush, you’ll never want to leave your bathroom’s sweet abyss. Dr. Barbara Sturm is one of our tried and true OGs — a definite splurge but definitely worth every penny. The brand has one of our favorite vitamin C serums we reviewed — The Good C; now $131) — and its new niacinamide serum is just as exceptional. The Better B helps fight against hyperpigmentation and premature skin aging while also being a skin-soother. And, if you want a natural glow before applying makeup, pick up the brand’s Glow Drops (now $131). As one of our best foundations for mature skin, it’s no surprise Armani Beauty’s massively followed Oil-Free Foundation is our favorite for that silky perfect glow, as its name suggests. While you’re at it, pick up the brand’s matching Luminous Silk Glow Setting Powder (now $59) to finish your look. T3’s SinglePass Curl 1″ Professional Curling Iron is a product we use nearly every time we want to curl our hair (not to mention, it’s one of the best curling irons we rounded up). It leaves your hair bouncy and voluminous every time. If you’re on the market for more hairstyling tools — especially if you want to take full advantage of Saks’ sale — the brand’s Compact Hair Dryer (now $135), Volumizing Hot Rollers (now $116) and Holiday Lucea ID 1″ Smart Flat Iron (now $225) are worth the add-to-cart move. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.