A woman has made it her mission to expose the “stupidity” of men by setting up a fake profile to reverse catfish men on Hinge. Tasha Yiann has been documenting the process on her TikTok page, explaining that she’d been prompted to set up a fake profile after having so much disappointment on her own dates. “I am reverse cat fishing men on Hinge,” she explained. “The pictures on my profile are of me however the personality is not mine. “I am a nihilistic existentialist but the girl in the profile is a super cool, super chill, doesn’t take herself too seriously kind of girl.” While the profile she set up is “massively ironic,” Tasha added that “most men are stupid and are unable to detect the irony that is quite obvious”. In fact, the fake profile has attracted so much attention from men on the app that every day she wakes up to “hundreds of matches.” “I’ve been on dating apps for eight years as myself — nobody has ever responded to me like this,” she sighed. “No-one gives a s**t about what I have to say. This dumb dumb character that I’ve created — they want to go out with her. “I know we all joke when we say men just want a stupid girl who will follow them around but apparently so. “They want a girl with literally nothing going on in her head. I have the proof — these aren’t my opinions.” “There’s no way that anybody would ever make a profile like mine and it would be real. “There’s no woman on earth that is this stupid or dumb or vulnerable. Honestly, I’m lost for words.” She then showed some of the messages she’s been receiving from men — most of which she responded to asking if anything had stood out to them as strange about her profile. Now, she’s planning to take her experiment to the next level. “I’m going to create two different characters — one of them is going to be the kind of girl who needs a lot of help, is quite vulnerable, needs a big strong man,” she explained. “And the other character is going to be quite a ballsy, strong woman who doesn’t need any help and considers herself as strong as a man. “And I’m going to document all of the interactions and conversations and we are going to look at how quickly each characters is asked out on a date, how men treat her, how men talk to her, their use of language. “To the extent that if this actually picks up any traction, and I get followers and likes and people watch it, I will go on dates, I will mic myself up and I will record how I am treated on dates, where men take me and see — I’m going to see, I want to know. “I want to know what the f**k is going on and why everyone is having such a terrible time dating and why men are treating women so badly.” She was quickly praised by other women for setting up the experiment. “This will be fascinating!” one wrote. “Dating is a nightmare. Some men really are vile.” “Ahahah just came across your profile! You’re awesome,” another added. However, one man hit back as he wrote: “are you serious your profile is like 90% of the others women make lol.” To which Tasha replied: “I’ve previously asked male friends, flatmates, and family to look at what I’m doing wrong and all have said my dating profiles were fine. “No interest.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.