The Issue: Vaccine mandates that keep professional athletes from playing in New York City. It was positively hilarious to see unvaccinated, unmasked Kyrie Irving sitting amongst the masses in the front row at Barclays on Sunday, yet due to the genius of our new mayor, he’s not allowed to play on the court a few feet away (“Let ’Em Play Ball, Eric,” Editorial, March 16). Clearly Mayor Adams is “following the science,” whatever that even means. What the Nets should do is start Kyrie in the next game at Barclays and dare our newest stooge to do something about it. It’s time for a little public civil disobedience to at last put an end to this stupidity. Marc Horowitz Floral Park Between the arbitrary and capricious mandates, ridiculous threats of termination from employers and other bizarre acts of theater, the vaccinated have been pitted against the unvaccinated in a battle for moral superiority. You can attend a sporting event if not vaccinated, but if you play while unvaccinated, you are persona non grata. You have cooties and are not worthy to be on the team — or at work or at family functions. When is this madness going to stop? Theresa O’Brien Melville This New York City mandate that does not allow baseball and basketball players to play in home games is ridiculous. Kyrie Irving can’t play in Brooklyn, but can enjoy the game at courtside without a mask. Can New York just stop with all this nonsense? The wacky thing is, unvaxxed players can participate on the road. New York has absolutely no leadership quality. Are you listening, Mayor Adams? COVID, for the most part, has disintegrated, whether it was the virus running out of steam or vaccinations putting it into bed. The data are clear, but the common sense is lacking. Wake up, City Hall. Ron Zajicek Cortlandt Wake up, Adams. You have more pressing issues at hand than being mirror-image of the past buffoon in office. Worry about crime, filth and homelessness, and you’ll be a shining star. Let sports teams do their thing as they deem fit and take care of the business at hand. Quality of life is horrendous at best, as the city is mired in that septic tank Mayor Bill de Blasio created. Step up. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. The Issue: Amnesty head Paul O’Brien’s claim that US Jews believe Israel should not exist as a Jewish state. Kudos to The Post for telling readers the truth about Amnesty International and the new meaning of the “progressive” label (“Amnesty: Another ‘Colony’ of the Left,” Editorial, March 15). US Executive Director Paul O’Brien tells us that Israel has no right to exist as the nation-state of the Jews if it is oppressing another people. Yet Israel is a light unto the nations — the Jewish state in which non-Jews have full civil rights. In signing the Oslo Accords, Israel did what no Arab state had ever done — afforded the Arabs of Palestine the opportunity to live under the administration of leaders of their own choosing. Sadly, the chosen leaders have betrayed their people’s trust. The heads of both the Palestinian Authority and Hamas have long overstayed their elected terms. Toby Block Atlanta, Ga. It’s hardly news that lofty names often hide nefarious agendas. Amnesty has long obsessively slandered Israel. With its recent “apartheid” report, the US chief’s comments on “Jewish core values” and the opposition even to Israel’s right to exist, it’s clear that its smiley face has long concealed a snarl. Richard Wilkins Syracuse Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.