New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can claim a Risk-Free Bet of up to $1,000 to use on a fantastic sporting schedule. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet, or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. With a massive risk-free bet at your fingertips, there’s no shortage of choice over what to use your risk-free bet on this week. NCAA basketball teams are going head to head in conference tournaments, seeking a bid into March Madness. FanDuel offers markets on many conference tournaments, more so than their competitors, so why not check them out? Players who once graced the college courts are also continuing their basketball careers in the NBA this week, with the regular season hotting up. The No. 1 team in the NBA, Phoenix Suns, lost their last outing against the Bucks, and look to return to winning ways against the Orlando Magic. The New York Knicks continue their five-game road trip this week, with three more tough tests including tonight against the Sacramento Kings. Brooklyn Nets travel south to Charlotte to take on the Hornets, off the back of a tough loss against the Celtics. The unofficial “fifth major” in the golf world kicks off on Thursday, with players testing their skills at one of the toughest courses in America, TPC Sawgrass. Justin Thomas will look to defend his title, with Jon Rahm and Collin Morikawa in close attendance. Four ties in the UEFA Champions League will be decided this week, as Liverpool and Manchester City look to confirm their places in the quarter finals. Soccer fans all around the world will tune in as PSG take on Real Madrid in the second leg of their tie. Madrid holds a 1-0 lead over the French side, but PSG has plenty of threats capable of overturning the deficit. Alongside an impressive new customer offer, FanDuel Sportsbook also looks after its existing customers with some exciting promotions. Ahead of one of the toughest tour events of the year, FanDuel is giving new customers a great way to get involved in the ‘fifth major.’ Simply bet $5 on either Justin Thomas, Collin Morikawa or Xander Schaufelle to make the cut at the Players Championship this weekend, and if they do, you’ll receive $150 in CASH. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.