 “If you think migration has been a problem in Europe in the Syrian war or even from what we see now [in Ukraine], wait until you see 100 million people for whom the entire food-production capacity has collapsed.” – Biden climate czar John Kerry, March 7 We say: You thought Al Gore was an alarmist? Ha! Truth is, climate (and other events) have shaped migration patterns since the dawn of time; people adapt. Yet there’s no plausible scenario where “food-production capacity” collapses and “100 million people” suddenly become refugees overnight, as 2 million have in Ukraine. Ironically, such a disgusting attempt to exploit the Ukraine war to scaremonger suggests Kerry & Co. have no legitimate case for panic over climate change. We say: The Atlantic’s Franklin Foer says he’s “grateful” President Joe Biden’s in the White House answering that “3 a.m. call” (Hillary Clinton’s 2008 metaphor for an international crisis) as Vladimir Putin obliterates Ukraine. Never mind that Biden’s weakness and incompetence, most notably in Afghanistan, likely contributed to Putin’s decision to invade. That Biden could’ve provided more aid and weapons to Ukraine earlier and pushed tougher sanctions sooner, including opposing the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, to deter an attack. And that he needn’t have blocked US oil production as war neared. Yes, Putin’s the main villain, but it’s fair to “imagine” that if someone else was in the White House, maybe there wouldn’t have been a 3 a.m. call in the first place. “It’s simply not true that my . . . policies are holding back domestic energy production. . .  Even amid the pandemic, companies in the United States pumped more oil during my first year in office than they did during my predecessor’s first year.” – President Joe Biden, March 8 We say: Never buy a used car from this guy. He openly declared war on fossil fuels, killing the Keystone XL pipeline, freezing drilling permits and pushing taxes and regulations on the industry. Yet now he claims he hasn’t held up energy production? As for his comparison of oil pumped in his first year vs. President Donald Trump’s, it’s technically true but horribly misleading: The US produced 9.4 million barrels a day of crude oil in 2017, vs. 11.2 million in 2021. Yet by 2019, under Trump, production hit 12.3 million barrels and likely would’ve climbed more absent COVID. Even at the height of the pandemic in 2020, production under Trump, at 11.3 million barrels, topped Biden’s first year. “As Covid Surges in Florida, DeSantis Refuses to Change Course” – The New York Times, Aug. 6, 2021 “Democratic voters [have] been avoiding restaurants and wearing masks [and are] much more likely to be vaccinated and boosted . . . These factors seem as if they should have caused large differences in case rates. They have not.” – The New York Times, March 9, 2022 We say: The Gray Lady once slammed pols like Fla. Gov. Ron DeSantis, who questioned such COVID measures as mask and distancing mandates. Yet now it admits such steps didn’t make much of a difference in case rates after all. – Compiled by The Post Editorial Board