PHILADELPHIA — It quickly became apparent this wasn’t Kentucky or Murray State or Purdue. The shots weren’t falling, layups were frustratingly rolling off the rim. The defensive coverage wasn’t there, the opponent was getting open looks on the perimeter and just outside of the paint. But it was more than that. It was that shell-shocked look on the Saint Peter’s players’ faces as the deficit grew, as the North Carolina fans roared, as this dream began to fade deeper and deeper into fantasy. The clock had struck midnight on Shaheen Holloway’s Peacocks. A bigger, stronger and more talented team was playing like it at both ends of the floor. Its stars didn’t come up short like Saint Peter’s first three victims. The inevitable arrived Sunday at Wells Fargo Center, as the eighth-seeded Tar Heels emphatically ended the Jersey City school’s magic carpet ride through March, pummeling the first 15th seed to reach the Elite Eight, 69-49. The one-sided win sets up the first-ever encounter between forever-rivals North Carolina and Duke in the NCAA Tournament, and on the biggest stage, too, Saturday night’s Final Four in New Orleans. Winners of 16 of its last 19 games, the Tar Heels were too long and too athletic, too talented and ready for the moment, mentally and physically prepared for Saint Peter’s — unlike its first three opponents. It was 9-0 out of the gate, the Peacocks’ largest deficit of the tournament, and 38-19 at the break. Saint Peter’s missed 19 of its first 22 shots and had no answer for star forwards Armando Bacot and Brady Manek or standout guard Caleb Love. The three combined for 53 points on 21-for-43 shooting. Saint Peter’s shot 30 from the field, and hit only 4 of 16 from deep. Senior star KC Ndefo was the lone player in double figures, with 10 points. The Peacocks were down by as many as 27 points early in the second half. To their credit, they didn’t lie down. Saint Peter’s kept defending and attacking, Holloway kept coaching. They forced Hubert Davis to use a timeout after getting within 20, though the MAAC school never got closer than 19. The ACC school overwhelmed these unrecruited and unranked overachievers from New York and New Jersey, making it feel like Saint Peter’s tournament opener — a 2-15 matchup against Kentucky — was expected to go. Of course, that didn’t happen. The Peacocks pulled three straight stunners, the first three NCAA Tournament wins in program history, the first tournament victory for a MAAC team in 13 years. They became the stars of this tournament for 10 days, putting their unheralded and little-known program on the national map, the first team from the New York City area to get this far since St. John’s in 1999. When the game started, only five teams were left in the tournament, and Saint Peter’s was miraculously one of them. But at some point, it was going to come to a screeching halt. Saint Peter’s was going to wake up from this remarkable dream eventually. It ran into a buzz saw Sunday, a blue-blood program with blue-blood talent that has not resembled an eight-seed for quite some time. From the opening tip, it was clear the Peacocks’ fourth NCAA Tournament game would be vastly different from the first three. Reality arrived on the final Sunday of March. It was inevitable. With 1:21 left, Holloway emptied his bench. The six core members of the team — Ndefo, Doug Edert, Foussenyi and Hassam Drame, Matthew Lee and Daryl Banks III — then huddled with Holloway. “S-P-U” chants rang out, a final salute for Saint Peter’s thrilling and unpredictable run.