MEMPHIS, Tenn. — As fate would have it, University of Memphis assistant coach Larry Brown wasn’t at FedEx Forum on Friday night to watch Ja Morant drop 37 points on the Knicks to speed the Grizzlies to a rousing fourth-quarter comeback victory. Brown — the former Knicks head coach, Long Beach native, East Hampton summer resident and Hall of Famer — is a part of Memphis’ renaissance as a basketball mecca. Brown, 81, joined Penny Hardaway’s staff as an assistant coach of the Memphis Tigers before the season. Brown likely will be dancing again, with Memphis favored to make the NCAA Tournament, for the first time since he coached SMU in 2015. It’s his first assistant job since he served under North Carolina’s Dean Smith from 1966-68. As Morant lifted the Grizzlies over the Knicks, Brown’s Tigers were routing Central Florida in the AAC quarterfinals in Fort Worth, Texas. But Brown has seen enough of Morant as a new Memphis resident. Brown’s players attend a slew of Grizzlies’ games at their shared arena. “I watched him [in college] but I couldn’t predict this,’’ Brown told The Post. “He reminds me so much of Allen [Iverson] athletically the way he pays. Fearless. That whole [Grizzlies] team they have a great camaraderie. They all seem to love each other. He’s so special. “The things Ja does, I remember sitting on the bench in Philly, looking at staff and seeing Allen do something and we all laughed because we never seen anyone doing anything like that. I get the same feeling watching Ja play. And a lot of our kids go to their games.’’ Brown met Hardaway when he coached him with the Knicks in 2005-06 and started a relationship. Brown still has plenty of ties with the Knicks — he’s tight with senior advisor William Wesley and assistant coach Kenny Payne, who could be leaving for Louisville. Brown was also Mike Woodson’s mentor, and “Woody’’ left Tom Thibodeau’s staff to run Indiana, which likely will join Brown in the NCAAs. Brown felt bad about the timing Friday — not being able to see Knicks-Grizzlies in person. In trying to explain the Knicks’ downfall from last season’s 41-31 record, Brown said Derrick Rose, a former Memphis point guard, missing the past 38 games has been the difference. “Last year was such a dream,’’ Brown said. “They lost some people, but you can’t explain how important Derrick Rose was to that team. He was such a big part. They lose their best defensive guard [Reggie Bullock] and Thibs is such a stickler for having a defensive presence. But the last few games [3-1] have been amazing. I still think there’s still time left.’’ The Knicks are running out of time after blowing a 15-point, late-third-quarter lead in Memphis to cap a six-game road trip at 3-3. The Knicks play their seventh straight road game in Brooklyn on Sunday, but that will feel like a home game. Brown still sees a big future. “I love Jericho Sims, I love what [Quentin] Grimes is doing,” he said. “I was at KU a lot when [Grimes] was there, visiting my former assistant [Bill Self]. It didn’t go great, but he goes to Houston, turned his career around — pretty neat story. “I like the kid from West Virginia [Miles McBride]. I love their young kids. RJ Barrett is getting better and better. When [Julius] Randle plays, he’s sensational. They got a shot-blocker and I hope they keep [Mitchell] Robinson. That kid affects the game. He doesn’t command the ball, guards and protects the rim. He’s so athletic. They got a lot of great pieces. I still believe players want to play in New York.’’ Brown’s relationship with Hardaway picked up steam when Hardaway became an AAU/high school coach when Brown coached at SMU from 2012-2016. Hardaway tried to get Brown as an assistant his first year but “there was pushback.’’ The timing became right this offseason. Brown is even doing recruiting and going to AAU and high school gyms. He’s still the only head coach to win an NBA and NCAA title. Now Hardaway may finally take Memphis back to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since the Memphis native took over four years ago. “He’s got an unbelievable passion and loves the kids,’’ Brown said. “It’s been fun for me being part of this program, a neat way to smell the gym again. Penny shows them how to act. By the way he carries himself and what he accomplished as a player.’’ Brown’s Memphis team had won 11 of its past 12 games entering Saturday’s AAC semifinal against SMU and likely will get the NCAA bid because of two victories over powerhouse Houston. “Memphis is an unbelievable basketball city,’’ Brown said. “They love Memphis University basketball, and now with the Grizzlies, gosh, there’s so much excitement going on with Ja. What they’ve done with that team and the future looks so bright. There’s a real buzz.’’ If the Knicks are in the 2022 lottery as expected, Wesley knows he can call Brown about Memphis’ projected mid-lottery pick, 6-foot-10 freshman center Jalen Duren. Their high-school phenom, Emoni Bates, who reclassified, is not allowed in this year’s draft because of his age (18) and he’ll be eligible for the 2023 lottery. Bates is missing the postseason with a back injury. “Emoni should be a junior in high school,’’ Brown said. “I think he’s going to be terrific. He’s gotten so much better since he’s come to school in the last two months, gotten stronger. And Jalen, those two kids, their potential is unlimited.’’