The twisted sweepstakes are set to begin. A day after a Texas jury decided Deshaun Watson will not face criminal charges related to nine allegations of sexual misconduct from massage therapists, reports are emerging of potential landing spots for the electric quarterback — who still is facing civil lawsuits from 22 massage therapists who accuse him of sexual misconduct. A league source told ESPN Saturday that the Panthers will make an “aggressive” offer for the 26-year-old Texans quarterback. Carolina, which traded for Sam Darnold last offseason before the former Jet had an up-and-down — mostly down — season with the Panthers, had made a run at Watson early last offseason before the allegations surfaced. Plenty of teams appear to be in the market for the three-time Pro Bowler, who did not play at all last season amid the legal battles. According to the Cleveland Plain Dealer,  the Browns — who struggled through an 8-9 season behind an inconsistent Baker Mayfield — “have done their homework” on Watson, though whether they will pursue him is unclear. Other teams reportedly and possibly linked with the star include the Seahawks (who just traded Russell Wilson to the Broncos), the Saints, Vikings, Bucanneers, Cardinals, Steelers, Eagles and Colts. The levels of interest are not yet known. In January, Giants co-owner John Mara said, “We’re not trading for Deshaun Watson.” Also not yet known is Watson’s level of interest in playing for a suitor. He has a no-trade clause and is under a contract that fully guarantees him $35 million this season. Whether Watson would be able to play immediately for his new team after a trade (which cannot be completed until the new league year starts Wednesday) is not yet known, either. Though Watson sat out all of last season, it was not from the league’s doing. The NFL can suspend him if it deems he has violated the league’s personal code of conduct. Watson was accused of sexually assaulting or harassing various massage therapists, from exposing himself without consent to forcing women into sexual acts. He has denied all of the claims. “When you stand on the TRUTH, the LORD will FREE you!” Watson tweeted Friday with the praying hands emoji.