PALM BEACH, Fla. – Even though the Jets struck out, coach Robert Saleh is happy they swung for the fences. That was Saleh’s message on Monday about the team’s attempt to land wide receiver Tyreek Hill in a trade with the Chiefs last week at the NFL’s annual meeting. Hill chose the Dolphins over the Jets, but Saleh has no regrets. “Obviously Tyreek is a special player and he’s got a special skillset,” Saleh said. “He’s got dynamic speed. It’s very easy to get him the football. We thought it would be a really good opportunity when it was presented to us to add an elite player to our offense along with the really good players that we have now. Obviously, Joe was aggressive, took a big swing. It didn’t work out. You win some, lose some, but happy we tried.” The Jets will now see Hill twice a year in the division after Miami landed the speedster and handed him a four-year, $120 million contract. “It’s football,” Saleh said. “You win some, you lose some. The young man wanted to go to Miami. We knew that. We knew we had to be aggressive, which I felt like we were. I’m really excited for him that he gets the opportunity to go back home and really excited to have the opportunity to compete against him.” Saleh said the team’s pursuit of Hill does not necessarily mean that landing a wide receiver is the team’s top focus. “I don’t know if it’s a priority,” Saleh said. “You want to add as many good players as we can. We’ve got a lot of draft capital to do some of that. We have a lot of needs on our football team in terms of just trying to fill some roster voids. I thought we did a great job in free agency. To call it a priority one over the other I don’t know if I see it that way. We’re in a good position to take the best available players at every single spot and that’s something we’ll do.” And if another wide receiver becomes available in a trade? “If an opportunity presents itself, I know Joe (Douglas) will pull out his baseball bat and take a swing,” Saleh said. “But at the same time, it’s not something that we’re looking for constantly, but if something pops up because of another team’s need we’ll be ready to have a conversation on it.”