A young widow has admitted that she was enraged at her husband when he failed to reply to her text messages — only to later learn that he had died in a tragic accident. Bonnie Caldwell, 26, took to TikTok to share her dark story earlier this month, with her now-viral videos garnering millions of views as of Thursday afternoon. The New Zealander showcased her morbid sense of humor in the clip, which featured the caption: “Me getting s–tty my husband was on a boys’ trip and wasn’t replying to me.” Caldwell was seen sporting an annoyed expression in the video before it suddenly cut to a photo of her husband with the words: “He was dead.” In a follow-up video, the widow explained how her husband, Matt Caldwell, 25, tragically passed away on Aug. 8, 2021, while on an overnight trip with friends in a nearby city, according to his obituary. Matt and his pals had traveled to the city to watch a rugby game, with Caldwell deciding to stay home on her own. She last spoke to Matt over the phone on the night he went away, before sending him several texts the following morning saying “I love you” and “I can’t wait to see you.” “He didn’t reply, which I thought was a bit weird of him,” the widow told her TikTok followers. “But I was also like, ‘He’s probably just hungover.'” However, several hours went by and Caldwell started to worry, saying she knew her husband should be on his way home as he had to check out of his hotel at 10 a.m. “I started to realize something was really wrong,” she explained. “A couple more hours went past and I got a text from Matt’s brother to come over to their house right now, and I flew out the door.” When she arrived at her brother-in-law’s home, there were police at the residence, who informed her that Matt had passed away. Caldwell explained that her young husband had died after tragically falling down an embankment located near his hotel. “He didn’t realize at the edge of the bank [embankment] it just dropped straight down and he misjudged it,” she somberly stated. She went on to say that Matt had “died on impact” and that investigators believed he was distracted by his phone, as it was found upward near his body with a video still playing. “It was a really horrific freak accident that none of us could have really prevented,” Caldwell explained. She added that she and her late husband shared a dark sense of humor, which has been “a coping mechanism” for her in the eight months since his death. Viewers flooded the comments section of the clip, sending their condolences to Caldwell. One female follower even added some dark humor of her own, hoping to make the widow chuckle. “Sorry for your loss,” the follower wrote. “But I still can’t forgive him for ghosting you!”