New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can claim a Risk-Free Bet of up to $1,000, as the NBA season continues this week.  The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet, or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets.  If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets.  The Brooklyn Nets hit the road to face the Toronto Raptors for the second time this week. The Nets are facing a terrible run that’s seen 14 losses in their last 17 games. They’ll be looking to make amends for a massive 133-97 defeat on Monday to their opponents tonight. The Raptors came into Monday’s matchup against Brooklyn in the midst of their own slide, but rookie Scottie Barnes’ double-double helped the Canadian side prevail. The Raptors can tie the season series between the two teams, as the Nets currently own a 2-1 series lead. The Washington Wizards play host to the Detroit Pistons this evening. This marks the first game of a three-game home stand for the Wizards, as they look to snap a two-game slide and add to their 15-16 home record. Meanwhile, this marks the second game of a three-game road trip for the Pistons, after they pulled off an impressive win over the Hornets on Sunday. They will look to keep it rolling and build on their awful 6-25 road record. The Minnesota Timberwolves will host the Golden State Warriors. The Timberwolves are coming off a win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday. A win tonight will bolster the Timberwolves playoff hopes, sitting three wins behind the sixth-seed Nuggets as things stand. The Warriors are playing catchup in the West chasing the leading Phoenix Suns. A loss against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday won’t help the Warriors case for the top spot, but Steph Curry is in fine form after 27 points, four rebounds and 10 assists in 38 minutes.   Alongside an impressive new customer offer, FanDuel sportsbook also looks after its existing customers with some exciting promotions.  21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Place a 4+ leg parlay wager on any NHL or College Basketball game and if one leg loses, you get a refund in site credit. There’s plenty of NCAAB action this week, so be sure to make the most of this promotion. Maximum stake $25.  21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.