New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can bet $5 on any March Madness game, and you’ll receive $150 in free bets regardless of the outcome. To claim FanDuel’s March Madness offer, new users need to register, make a first-time deposit, and then simply place your first real-money wager on any March Madness game during the tournament. Place a $5 wager on any team’s moneyline during March Madness, and whether or not they win or lose, you’ll receive $150 in free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. After a crazy first week of the NCAA tournament, 16 teams remain. No. 1 seed Baylor was taken down by North Carolina, and Saint Peter’s defied the moneyline to beat No. 2 seed Kentucky. St. Peters is the lowest-seeded team still dancing, and takes on No. 3 seed Purdue in the Sweet 16. The Peacocks beat Murray State in round two, but it’s a big ask if they want to take down another top seed. Arizona survived a scare against TCU in the second round, and the Wildcats will face fifth-seed Houston. North Carolina took down Baylor in overtime, after an incredible display from Armando Bacot. The Tar Heels face UCLA in their Sweet 16 affair, as two titans of College Basketball go head to head. Gonzaga frustrated bettors in their second-round matchup, winning by just a four-point margin. The Zags take on Arkansas, who only needed to score 53 points in their win over New Mexico State. Texas Tech plays Duke, and Kansas takes on Providence, with four teams all performing as expected pre-tournament. Miami (FL) took down No. 2 seed Auburn and were rewarded with a clash against Iowa State, with two double-digit seeds going head-to-head for a place in the elite eight. Alongside an impressive new customer offer, FanDuel sportsbook also looks after its existing customers with some exciting promotions for March Madness. FanDuel is giving new and existing customers a risk-free bet on March Madness. Simply head over to FanDuel Sportsbook, opt in to the promotion, and Place a wager on College Basketball.The bet may be on any game/market but must have odds of -200 or longer to qualify. Parlays are eligible so long as all legs are on College Basketball Games. If your bet loses, you will receive your stake back in free bets. Please note: the maximum risk-free bet varies for each customer. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply.Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.