Amy Schumer may be hair-raisingly funny, but the comedienne has copped to some serious hair issues. Schumer, 40, revealed that she suffers from the genetic disorder trichotillomania. The illness causes the victim to constantly want to pull out their hair from their scalp, eyebrows or other areas of their body. “I think everybody has a big secret and that’s mine,” she told the Hollywood Reporter in a profile published on Friday. “And I’m proud that my big secret only hurts me, but it’s been what I’ve carried so much shame about for so long.” The “Trainwreck” actress — and soon-to-be Oscars 2022 co-host — discussed that she has dealt with the disorder for several years and even wrote it into her semi-autobiographical Hulu series “Life & Beth.” Schumer, a mom of one son, has had the hair-pulling disorder since she was a child and it still affects her adult life. “It’s not that I used to have this problem and now I don’t,” she continued. “It’s still something that I struggle with.” She noted that her trichotillomania emerged when her dad declared bankruptcy on his successful furniture company, he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and her parents then divorced. Schumer said that trauma led to her plucking out too much of her blond mane and she had to wear a bad wig to school — something documented in her Hulu show. She added that “everybody knew” she was wearing one. “I really don’t want to have a big secret anymore,” the “I Feel Pretty” actress stated. “And I thought putting it in there would be good for me to alleviate some of my shame and maybe, hopefully, help others alleviate some of theirs too.” Schumer also fears that her 2-year-old son Gene will have the disorder, as it is genetic. “Every time he touches his head, I’m having a heart attack,” Schumer admitted. The TLC Foundation, which gives attention to body-focused repetitive behaviors, has praised Schumer’s portrayal of the disease. “Our community is breathing a collective sigh of relief after having our behaviors mischaracterized and misinterpreted for so many years,” the organization’s executive director told THR. Other stars who deal with the disorder include Victoria’s Secret model Sara Sampaio, Charlize Theron and Megan Fox. Sampaio revealed that she had the issue in a candid Instagram post in 2018, writing that it causes her to pull her eyebrows and noting, “this is my experience! I’m not ashame[d] of it.” In 2010, Fox admitted to Allure magazine that she suffers from both OCD and trichotillomania.