And the winner will not be Bruce Willis. The Razzie Awards have come to the conclusion to not give Bruce Willis the “worst performance by Bruce Willis in 2021” award after much backlash. In a statement to The Post, the award show’s co-founders, John Wilson and Mo Murphy, said, “After much thought and consideration, the Razzies have made the decision to rescind the Razzie Award given to Bruce Willis, due to his recently disclosed diagnosis.” On Wednesday, it was revealed that Willis, 67, was diagnosed with the brain disorder aphasia and had decided to give up acting. The statement continued, “If someone’s medical condition is a factor in their decision making and/or their performance, we acknowledge that it is not appropriate to give them a Razzie.” The organizers also told The Post that they will be taking back “The Shining” star Shelley Duvall’s Razzie as well. “As we recently mentioned in a Vulture interview, extenuating circumstances also apply to Shelley Duvall in ‘The Shining,'” they added. “We have since discovered that Duvall’s performance was impacted by Stanley Kubrick’s treatment of her throughout the production. We would like to take this opportunity to rescind that nomination as well,” the note concluded. Murphy told Vulture in February that she would like to repeal Duvall’s nomination if she could. “Knowing the backstory and the way that Stanley Kubrick kind of pulverized her, I would take that back,” she told the outlet. The “Glass” actor is nominated for eight separate performances in movies released in 2021 in his own category at this year’s Razzies. Following Willis’ family’s disclosure of his illness, the awards show tweeted, “The Razzies are truly sorry for #BruceWillis diagnosed condition. Perhaps this explains why he wanted to go out with a bang in 2021. Our best wishes to Bruce and family.” Wilson and Murphy further told IndieWire, “We are truly sorry to hear about Willis’ diagnosis, of which we were unaware until the story broke earlier today.” They continued, “In Willis’ defense, perhaps his reps should not have let him do such a high volume of work in so short a time. We offer our best wishes to Bruce and his family.” Soon after that letter, Wilson released another statement to the outlet: “We are still discussing how to handle the news about Willis’ diagnosis and will get back to you.”