The Issue: President Biden allowing Russia to negotiate with Iran on the United States’ behalf. As Michael Goodwin observes, it is bad enough that the United States is seeking to resuscitate the deeply flawed 2015 Iran nuclear deal, but that it is doing so with the assistance of Russia as a supposedly trusted intermediary is stupefyingly unthinkable (“Joe lets Vlad run Iran nuke talks?!” March 13). Russia’s war crimes in Ukraine — invading and laying to waste a sovereign country, targeting and murdering innocent civilians — make it an unthinkably unfit partner for any American initiative, political or commercial. The Biden administration’s reliance on Russia as a supposedly honest broker of a nuclear deal with Iran, the most dangerous state sponsor of terrorism in the world, is truly unimaginable, and smacks of even more desperation and hypocrisy than the initial 2015 deal by former President Barack Obama. Marc E. Kasowitz Manhattan This is absolute madness. Ukraine was threatened by Russia for months, and Biden refused to do anything except to say that sanctions will be imposed once an invasion took place. Poland agreed to supply MiGs to Ukraine but Biden refused the plane transfer, claiming it would anger the Russians, while at the same time Putin’s troops bomb hospitals, destroy Ukrainian cities and kill innocent civilians. And yet we allow Russia to be our middleman in the renewed Iran nuclear-arms negotiations. Are Biden and his foreign-policy team crazy? America’s weakness and lack of leadership are now front and center on the world stage, and the damage being done will further embolden Putin as well as China and Iran. Harold Fishman Manhattan After reading Goodwin’s eye-opening piece on Joe letting Vlad run Iranian nuke talks, I lost my breath. Thank you to Goodwin for writing the article, otherwise we would have never known the truth, as none of this is mentioned by our other local media. I am proud to say I did not vote for Biden. What can be said for those who did? As former president Obama reportedly stated “Do not understate Joe’s ability to f -  - k things up.” How true, and yet Biden was voted in. Donna Goddard Ronkonkoma Iran attacked our embassy consulate in Iraq, and Biden continues negotiation of an Iran nuclear agreement, which is being negotiated via intermediaries in China and Russia. It’s possible Congress won’t have opportunity to ratify any resulting deal because Biden will sign by executive order. Is that consistent with his sworn oath to uphold the Constitution? A commander-in-chief who “aids” the enemy by negotiating with a country that attacked us deserves to be removed. Carl Merz West Hartford, Conn. So the Russians are involved in our negotiations with Iran on a nuclear deal. Who came up with this idea? The empty suit in the White House simply has no clue what is going on in this country and should be removed. The problem is the one who’s next in line is worse. We are in serious trouble. Jerry Ciofalo Massapequa Park Kudos for Goodwin’s column on Biden’s employment of Putin as an agent in “dealing” with the Iranian theo-fascists for their oil. Some would hold that the friend of my enemy is my enemy, so this choice is rather curious. We also scratch our heads trying to fathom the economic benefits of transporting inferior crude halfway across the world when there are already vast reserves of crude under our own North American soil. James Evans Worcester, Mass. After everything that has plagued the world this past month, why would our government go soft on a deal with Iran regarding its nuclear ambitions? Why does it seem like Democrats make sweetheart deals with our adversaries, while shunning our friends? I fear history will not view our actions in a favorable light. Steve Preziosa Deptford, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.