A police officer in Georgia has resigned from the force after he was caught on video engaging in a sexual act near a cemetery while on the job, authorities said. The lawman, identified as Millen Police Officer Larry “Ben” Thompson, was seen engaged in sexual activity with a woman as his police car was parked in an open field near a cemetery, news station WRDW reported. The footage, which was posted by TikTok user Dillon Cole, was captured from a nearby tower in Millen, a small town of about 2,800 people about an hour south of Augusta. “Police caught on cam!!!” the user wrote along with the hashtags #towerclimbers #dirtydeeds and #police. The bird’s-eye-view clip, which was posted on March 20, has racked up more than 16 million views. Police Chief Dwayne Herrington told the news outlet that he had planned to meet with Thompson about a video on Monday afternoon, but that the cop quit before the meeting. The former cop had several other prior cases of misconduct as a member of the small department. In 2017, Thompson shot another officer in the arm in what an incident report called an “accidental discharge,” WRDW reported. He reportedly claimed he was cleaning his gun when it got jammed and fired. But the report said there were no malfunctions and described the incident essentially as a “negligent discharge,” according to the outlet. In 2019, the officer was traveling at 86 mph while responding to a home invasion call when he crashed into a car driven by a 76-year-old man who later died of his injuries, WRDW said. And last year, a woman who had previously been in a relationship with Thompson told police he had been harassing her. The officer later admitted to running her car tags to get her new address and was suspended for two days without pay. He also had to complete the Georgia Bureau of Investigation’s Security Awareness Training. “Some agencies have a very low tolerance for some types of arrests, and some might have a much higher punishment,” Chris Harvey, deputy director of the Georgia Peace Officers Standards and Training Council, told WRDW. Thompson didn’t face severe punishments in the previous incidents so they don’t appear on the council’s records, the outlet said. The only information reportedly listed on POST is his work experience, a promotion a year after the fatal accident and his resignation on March 21. Herrington told The Post he had no further comment about the incident.