You’re gonna need plenty of dough to buy this Zabar’s bagel — and it’s not even edible. The latest delicacy involving the famed Manhattan brand is a mohair and wool-blend sweater, sporting an image of an everything bagel with a bite taken out of it. And, at $495, the price will surely take a bite out of your wallet. The sweater is a collaboration with Coach, for the fashion company’s “Spring 2022 NYC Institutions” collection. The other offerings are just as pricey: an organic T-shirt for $150, and a classic Coach “Cashin Carry” leather tote for $550, both of which are emblazoned with Zabar’s orange logo and the bitten-bagel with cream cheese pic. “Our creative director, Stuart [Vevers], lives on the Upper West Side, so he was inspired by people walking around with the Zabar’s tote bag,” Coach spokeswoman Caitlyn McKiernan said. The merch is proving popular. “I’m getting a lot of requests, emails and texts,” said Zabar’s general manager Scott Goldshine, a 44-year veteran at the eatery. “I got a text at 6 o’clock this morning, congratulating us.” The prices caught him by surprise, Goldshine admitted. “I thought it was gonna be less, but I’m not unhappy,” he said. “We know food and Coach knows their business. They know what they can reasonably sell something for.” He bought his niece the tote and sweater — and paid full freight. Last week, the store posted a photo of the sweater on its Instagram page, where the astronomical cost sparked a schmear campaign. “Why does it cost more than cross country shipping of lox to L.A.?” one commenter quipped. McKiernan noted the bagel shop’s fans are the ones reaching out, “not necessarily Coach people.” “I think it’s a fun idea and I think Zabar’s is an iconic brand, so any other iconic brand that partners with them is smart,” said shopper Lynne Lambert, founder of NYC Subway Line apparel and accessories. The sweater is a “fun time capsule piece,” said customer Jason Rothman, a content curator at Snapchat, who thought making the bag “bagel-shaped” would have been a better idea.