The idea is to have days like this as infrequently as possible, no matter how exciting they may be in real time. Even old Walsh Gym, which just celebrated its 81st birthday, looks damn near state of the art on days like this, a nice crowd of fans in the seats, VIPs scattered throughout, the ominous pirate logo looming large behind the podium. The idea, at a school like Seton Hall, in a conference like the Big East, is to find the coach who is also a cornerstone. This is too good a job to be a stepping stone. But also too difficult a gig to be entrusted to just anyone. “Dreams,” Shaheen Holloway said Thursday afternoon, “really do come true. God is good.” Few marriages feel as perfect as this one. Holloway was a terrific player at Seton Hall, a four-year starter, a 1,600-point scorer and 700-assist man who fueled the Pirates last burst of NCAA Tournament thunder, a run to the 2000 Sweet 16 under Tommy Amaker. He helped Kevin Willard build the Hall back to being a regular NCAA participant as an assistant coach before shifting his base of operations 12 miles east, South Orange to Jersey City, where he took over Saint Peter’s, became a comer, and then became a star, the brightest star in the sport’s firmament thanks to the Peacocks’ dash to the Elite Eight. He is a son of Seton. He is family. And he is now home. Now, if you are a fan of the Seton Hall Pirates, you hope you have your basketball coach for a good, long time. Honey Russell had the job for 18 years. P.J. Carlesimo had it for 12. So did Willard. We’ll call that a nice starting point for what you would like to see from Shaheen Holloway and Seton Hall. The gold standard, for everyone, is Jay Wright, who this week celebrated his 21st year on the job and looks, for all intents in purposes at age 60, to be willing to ride out the rest of his career at Villanova. In the modern context of college basketball what Villanova has had in Wright since March 27, 2001, is doubly remarkable, because two things have to happen. First, and foremost, is that the coach has to kill it. And Wright has killed it with the Wildcats. Saturday he’ll bring his fourth team to the Final Four. He’s hung two national championship banners at Finneran Pavilion, won 72.6 percent of his games, and is already enshrined in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. But the trickiest part is this: keeping the coach who kills it. In recent years both the Knicks and the 76ers made overtures toward Wright that never went anywhere. Whatever the best college jobs are — Kentucky? North Carolina? Duke? UCLA? — the ADs there have long since realized they won’t pry Wright away from the Main Line. Maybe an NBA team will eventually. Hasn’t happened yet. Willard’s name was attached to openings for years but he stuck around. Finally Maryland made him an offer he couldn’t refuse, and he didn’t. Now is College Park, Md., really that much of a bounce up from Seton Hall? It’s the Big Ten. The job pays better. But are the ceilings between the programs really that much different? Wright has proved what you can still do as a member of the Big East. And Holloway just proved what can happen when you recruit the right players, when you give them the right system, and when they jell at exactly the right time. It’s different for schools like Saint Peter’s; at mid-majors, you pray for success stories like Holloway because then you can identify and hire the next Holloway, and hope you can replicate the kind of roll Manhattan went on a few years ago when they hired, in rapid order, Steve Lappas and Fran Fraschilla and Bobby Gonzalez and the first few years of Steve Masiello, success building on success building on success. At a place like Seton Hall, it is fair to hope for more. It is fair to hope that they don’t have to doll up Walsh Gym again before it celebrates its centennial, because that means Shaheen Holloway will have killed it in South Orange, and decided to make a career out of keeping it that way. That’s the idea, anyway.