New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can claim a Risk-Free Bet of up to $1,000, to use on a fantastic sporting schedule. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. The countdown to March Madness has begun and there is a full pack of college basketball this week, as conference tournaments across the country are underway. One of the fiercest conferences in America, the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament kicks off this week. Duke is the No. 1 seed, while Notre Dame, North Carolina, and Miami will be the other three teams getting double byes into the quarterfinals. Auburn will look to build on their SEC regular-season title with a tournament win. Kentucky had controlled the SEC for many years, but the Tigers managed to stand above them all, holding off fierce competition from the likes of Tennessee, Kentucky, and Arkansas to win the regular-season title. College Hoops heads out west to California where the Pac-12 tournament takes place. Arizona and UCLA have already confirmed their places in the NCAA tournament, but the Pac-12 title is still up for grabs. Oregon won the championship in 2021, but the Ducks will do well to repeat that feat. Alongside an impressive new customer offer, FanDuel sportsbook also looks after its existing customers with some exciting promotions. FanDuel is offering all customers a great promotion for betting on Soccer. Simply place a $1+, 3+ Leg Same Game Parlay or Same Game Parlay+ wager on any Soccer Game taking place between 3/8 and 3/9 and get a refund in site credit if the bet loses. Max refund $10. Refer a friend, get a bonus 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.