Jussie Smollett’s lawyers want the disgraced actor immediately sprung from jail, claiming he and his family are the target of “vicious threats,” including a phone call that alluded to the notorious case of a sodomized New York City man. Smollett’s legal team filed the emergency motion Monday asking the court to postpone his five-month sentence at Chicago’s Cook County Jail while they work to appeal his conviction on five counts of felony disorderly conduct for lying to police. The filing argues Smollett’s life is at risk because he’s been the target of “vicious threats” on social media and the online hate “no doubt reflects the hatred and wish for physical harm toward Smollett, which he may experience during incarceration.” One of Smollett’s siblings has also been “bombarded” with disturbing phone calls after providing their phone number as the convicted felon’s emergency contact when he entered the jail system, a rep told The Post. “I hope what they do to that guy in jail — here’s what they’re going to do, right. They’re going to take a broom handle, and take that little [expletive], shove it in there, and he’s gonna go, ‘[shrieking sound],’” a man was heard saying in the call, per a recording shared by the actor’s team. The chilling threat apparently referred to the 1997 case of Abner Louima, who was brutally assaulted by an NYPD cop who used a broomstick to sodomize the Haitian immigrant, whose rectum and bladder were perforated. Justin Volpe, the disgraced former cop, was sentenced to more than 21 years in prison in 1999 for the shocking attack inside the 70th Precinct station house in Brooklyn. A spokesperson for the Cook County Sheriff’s Office said Smollett’s “safety and security” is their primary concern and urged the actor’s family to report the threatening phone calls to law enforcement. Smollett’s attorneys further argued the fallen star’s life is at risk because he has a “compromised immune system” and could die if he catches COVID-19 behind bars. They included an affidavit signed by a doctor to bolster the claim, but it didn’t specify which health conditions Smollett suffers from. The Cook County Sheriff’s Office said the jail currently has just 15 positive COVID-19 cases in a population of about 6,100 inmates. “The Jail, which has been recognized in studies by the CDC, Yale, and Stanford Universities as a leader among carceral facilities in the fight against COVID-19, continues to employ the strategies that have proven successful in combatting the spread of this disease, including widespread testing, vaccination of both staff and detained individuals, and quarantine and isolation protocols,” the agency said. Smollett’s attorneys also griped that he’s in protective custody, which they said previously is a condition they requested but could have “extraordinary damage on his mental health.” “As a result, any custodial setting poses a safety and health danger to the life of Mr. Smollett,” his attorneys wrote, adding protective custody is a “euphemism” for solitary confinement. Smollett, 39, was found guilty on five counts of felony disorderly conduct for lying to police after an eight-day trial late last year stemming from the staged 2019 hate crime. During a dramatic sentencing hearing Friday, Smollett was ordered to spend five months at the Chicago jail as a condition of his 30-month probation. His family claimed Smollett is being held in the jail’s psych ward, which his brother Jocqui Smollett attributed to a paperwork snafu. The Cook County Sheriff’s Office countered that a judge ordered Smollett to be housed in protective custody and is currently in a location “frequently utilized for individuals requiring a high level of supervision and care for mental health needs.” “This housing may also be utilized solely for security reasons due to the enhanced monitoring that can occur in this setting, and it would be inaccurate and irresponsible to make any assumption about his mental or medical condition based on where he is currently housed,” the agency said. “To clarify, Mr. Smollett is not currently on suicide watch.” When Smollett learned he’d be spending five months behind bars at his sentencing hearing last week, he went on a bizarre rant that he was “not suicidal” and insisted if anything happened to him in jail, it wasn’t his own doing. “I did not do this and I am not suicidal and if anything happens to me when I go there, I did not do it to myself and you must all know that,” Smollett bellowed to the court as he was led away by sheriff’s deputies. “Your honor, I respect you and I respect your decision, but I did not do this and I am not suicidal. If anything happens to me when I go in there, I did not do it to myself, and you must all know that.”