Call it “The one where everyone moves to Texas.” This home — which is currently asking $330,000 — may be in Houston, Texas, but it’s decorated in homage to a rather famous fictional New York apartment. “F·R·I·E·N·D·S – If you loved the TV show, then you’ll love this house!” begins the listing description for a two-bedroom house physically located at 1706 Bevis St., but mentally stuck in the ‘90s. “There are wall murals reminiscent of scenes from the show along with decor and furnishings to make you feel like you’re there.” Indeed, the 2,000-square-foot unit features plenty of Instagram-ready wallpaper of iconic sets from the TV show, from its opening sequence to the Central Perk coffee shop. There’s a big orange couch, a grass-like floor cover in front of the fountain mural, and the kitchen is modeled after Monica’s — down to the blue cabinets. “The current owners didn’t ‘monkey’ around when paying attention to details,” the listing explains of the house. “After a day of foosball or hanging out with friends at Central Perk, it might be time to check the local entertainment,” the listing continues, noting that there are in fact a number of commercial establishments within walking distance of the home, once the owner grows tired of their bountiful in-house opportunities for “Friends”-related self-entertainment and reenactment. In addition to the show-inspired elements, other amenities include a 220-volt Tesla charger, garage and a balcony. Haters may be surprised to learn that there has been “a lot of interest” in the property since it hit the market on March 18, broker Diana Hu told a local Houston culture site. “Someone please tell [Jennifer Aniston, Matt LeBlanc, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow and David Schwimmer],” the account Zillow Gone Wild commented on a post about the home, tagging the actors’ Instagram handles. “If you like the show FRIENDS today is your lucky day because we’ve got the perfect Houston townhome for you.” Not everyone, however, is a fan. “I had no idea I could loathe something this much,” commented one person. “​​But…why?” questioned another.