With music greats such as Dolly Parton, Taylor Swift, Carole Smith and more, it’s not a surprise that women have helped pave the way for influential music. Yet according to a study conducted in 2020, only 2% of music producers are women. While there is a great disparity between the 98% of men and 2% of women producers, that doesn’t weaken the mark women have left on the music industry. If anything, it’s a wakeup call to support women in music all the more. TIDAL, the global music streaming platform that delivers the highest sound quality, understands this call to action. In honor of Women’s History Month, the music brand has curated a collection of content to celebrate the different ways women have impacted and continue to impact the music industry. The campaign is named “Made By Women” and includes playlists featuring “pioneers who paved the way for female artists and made history in genres including Pop, K-Pop, Electronic, R&B, Country and much more,” according to the brand. Award-winning actress Tracee Ellis Ross, known for her roles in “black-ish” and “The High Note,” even contributed an exclusive playlist to remind women of the strength they possess. To support women in the music industry through an enhanced listening experience, pop on your headphones or turn up your bluetooth speaker and check out TIDAL’s “Made By Women” playlists below. You can sign up for a 30 day free trial to TIDAL to access all the playlists as well as enjoy more than 80 million songs in hi-fidelity sound, over 350,000 HD videos, exclusive content and more. Sign up for the 30 day free trial here. TIDAL celebrates Women’s History Month with these women who have “created the soundtrack to [women’s] struggle, hustle and joy.” Listen here. Full of power anthems, this playlist celebrates women’s voices and puts forth the messages of strength, independence and pride. Listen here. Reminding women to take time for themselves, this playlist delivers soothing soundtracks good for your soul and mind alike. Listen here. When it seems like the odds are against you, feel encouraged and empowered with this lineup of songs. Listen here. As TIDAL says, “Bars have no gender.” Complete with strong lyrics and unbeatable beats, this playlist brings the best of hip-hop. Listen here. Featuring women from past, present and future, this playlist highlights the hardworking women of the country music industry. Listen here. Dive into astonishing vocalists and instrumentalists with this lineup of iconic women in jazz history. Listen here. TIDAL says, “No boys allowed,” and we agree! This playlist is home to pop queens from today and the past. Listen here. Groove to the beat of women in the R&B scene. Trust us, you won’t regret it. Listen here. This curated playlist from none other than Tracee provides healing and promotes hope for all women. Listen here. For more TIDAL offerings and even better sound quality, check out the various listening options below. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.