A massive pileup on a snowy stretch of Pennsylvania highway Monday left at least three people dead and almost resembled something out of a war — with explosions, flames and drivers standing on the road fleeing more skidding cars, according to reports. Black clouds of smoke and the sound of explosions filled the sky after the massive, deadly crash involving at least two dozen vehicles, including more than five trucks, on the rural section of Interstate 81 in Schuylkill County around 11 a.m. At least three people died in the pile-up, according to local WKOK radio. The horrific scene unfolded amid a dangerous mix of snow and fog that left drivers with virtually no visibility, and the crash closed down all lanes between three exits of the highway, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation said on Twitter. Video showed people getting out of their vehicles after crashing and having to run away from cars barreling toward them. “This is ridiculous. … It’s snow and fog mixed together, and it made the visibility down to zero,” said Mike Moye, who was driving on the highway and went live on Facebook at the scene after he was involved in a crash. “S–t’s on fire. … I need to get the f–king off the road. Damn, this is crazy.” His car is seen rolling away as he takes in the damage from the crash. Oncoming traffic doesn’t stop amid the mayhem, and a driver was almost hit by another car after getting out of his own damaged vehicle, according to the video. Moye’s footage also shows an elderly person with a cane standing on the side of the road in the blizzard. The footage included at least one truck that appeared to be carrying oil or fuel on fire, too. It is unclear how the crash began. Images of first responders at the scene were posted on social media. Fire crews were still working to put out the blaze caused by the pile-up as of 2:30 p.m. Monday, according to local news outlet Skook News, which also said the county coroner had been called to the scene. This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.