Republican members of Congress from New York are calling on Gov. Kathy Hochul to eliminate vaccine mandates for essential workers to prevent staff shortages and avoid unnecessary firings with the coronavirus pandemic in the rearview mirror. The GOP congress members said they were concerned about staffing woes for utility workers as well as the health care sector. “New York should not be enacting any more COVID-19 vaccine mandates and should take steps to roll back existing ones. The state also needs to find ways to help those who lost their jobs due to vaccine mandates get new employment or get their previous job back,”  said upstate Rep. Claudia Tenney, who drafted a letter co-signed by Congress members Elise Stefanik, Lee Zeldin, the presumptive GOP nominee for governor, Andrew Garbarino and Chris Jacobs as well as 16 state Assembly members. “No person should lose employment, income, or access to services and facilities because of this personal medical decision.” The lawmakers said they’re concerned about inadequate staffing for power utility companies as well as medical facilities and nursing homes. The U.S. Supreme Court blocked federal vaccine mandates for private sector workers, but the congress members expressed concern they could be revived at a later date. “Power and services disruptions are not just an inconvenience but a life and death matter…it is important that New York state act immediately to protect all our essential workers and ensure there is no disruption to utilities and services in our communities,” theletter said. In August 2021, then-Governor Andrew Cuomo announced that all healthcare workers would be required to receive a vaccine against COVID-19 or get terminated. Hochul continued and enforced the edict when she took over as governor. Thousands of New York healthcare workers have been fired for failing to get vaccinated and Hochul called in the National Guard in December to help address staffing shortages in hospitals. But one nursing home industry leader said the congress members are barking up the wrong tree. The Biden administration also imposed its own vaccine mandate for health care workers last September that state government and health care industry must comply with. “It’s a moot point,” said James Clyne, head of the Leading Age Coalition representing nursing homes. “They’re writing to the wrong person. The state has to comply with the federal mandate or lose funding reimbursement.” Clyne also noted that Hochul recently rescinded the mandate that health care workers get COVID booster shots after industry officials complained of staffing problems.