A Salt Lake City mom who claims her ex-husband cheated on her with a close friend has become a sex coach to help others avoid the “sexless relationship” that she had. Talitha Hill — better known as Dr. Stormy — has racked up a huge following on TikTok, where she insists that couples of all ages can inject sexual spice into their relationships. “Eighty-five percent of monogamous partnerships report difficulties in sex and intimacy,” Hill, 45, told South West News Service. “For some couples, they’re roommates, or business partners or co-parents, instead of lovers. It’s about how you stay in that lover phase and energy.” Despite having a high sex drive, Hill said she and her husband rarely got hot and heavy between the sheets, and she was left stunned when she found out her spouse was cheating on her with a pal. “I was really blindsided by it. She [the mistress] was my confidante — she was the person who knew how much we were struggling sexually and she was my go-to person,” Hill said. “It felt like a massive betrayal.” The Utah mama subsequently decided to train as a sex and intimacy coach in order to help others avoid the trauma that she went through. “It sent me on a path of reconnecting with my own sexuality, my own sex drive and my sexual power,” she said. Hill counsels couples of all ages, and is determined to “debunk the fact that couples need to settle for a mediocre sex life, or no sex life, and that passion fades.” The sex coach said most of her patients are in love with their partners and are simply “struggling in the realm of intimacy and sexuality.” “It’s so shrouded with shame, judgement, cultural messaging and trauma,” she said. The mom of one is sharing several tips to help couples who may be struggling to have hot sex. “My top tips to boost intimacy would be — No. 1, communication. You’ve got to know and consider ‘timing, tone and turf.’ When do you communicate, how and in what way?” Hill said. “Can you bring curiosity about your partner’s experience and are their needs being met in the realm of intimacy?” she continued. “When I work with couples, we don’t even talk about sex for multiple sessions because we’ve got to look at communication, resentment and what their relationship is like with their body and more.” Hill further claimed that couples need to “look at ways to mitigate stress,” which she describes as “a pleasure buster.” The sex coach said stress may not only be caused by work, but also “medical stuff like hormones or a thyroid issue.” Hill’s final tip is “prioritization and intention.” She told SWNS: “Are you willing to both prioritize your intimacy? Are you willing to self-confront?” Hill told SWNS that she is often trolled by men on her TikTok account, which boasts more than 13,800 followers. The male trolls attack the coach, claiming she must have been bad in bed for her husband to seek sex elsewhere. “There was this assumption that I wasn’t wanting to have sex and my ex went outside the relationship for it because of that,” she said. “That was exactly the opposite in my experience.”