DAYTON, Ohio — Wednesday night will be emotional for Caleb McConnell, but not just because it could be his last game as a Rutgers basketball player. It will also be a homecoming for the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year. The senior wing grew up in Dayton, attended local high school Dunbar and once cut down the nets at UD Arena. “This place is very close to my heart,” McConnell said on Tuesday in that very building, as Rutgers prepared to face Notre Dame on Wednesday in the NCAA Tournament’s First Four. “Never ever would I have thought that I would have got a chance to play in Dayton in my collegiate career, and here it is. So this whole time I was just thinking it’s really crazy just how life takes you in a full circle.” As a freshman, McConnell was on a team that won four straight games at UD Arena and got to cut down the nets. His junior year he led Dunbar to a district title there, before completing his high school career at Spire Institute in Geneva, Ohio. “It’s definitely an emotional feeling,” he said. “I’m glad to be back home.” McConnell isn’t the only Scarlet Knight with Dayton roots. Ron Harper Jr. spent a good portion of his childhood in the city where his famous father, five-time NBA champion Ron Harper Sr., grew up. Harper Jr. and McConnell always joked about visiting Dayton together one day. They found the perfect way to do it.  “I think this is the best way me and Caleb could have ever come back to visit,” Harper said. Two key Scarlet Knights, coach Steve Pikiell and guard Paul Mulcahy, are very familiar with their opponent on Wednesday. They both grew up following Notre Dame football, and Mulcahy was recruited by Irish coach Mike Brey. Pikiell faced Notre Dame three times when he was the coach at Stony Brook, losing all three games by lopsided scores. “Those were big games for my dad when we played Notre Dame back in those days,” Pikiell said. “But [coming from an] Irish Catholic family, obviously, Notre Dame is a school that is talked about a lot around the house when you get together with families and all that. Saturdays were Notre Dame football. My dad, front and center.” The Notre Dame-Rutgers winner meets sixth-seeded Alabama on Friday in San Diego in a West Region first-round game. Jared Grasso, the Bryant coach in the NCAA Tournament for the first time running his own program, reflected on his late’s father Fred’s memory, and his impact on his life. Fred Grasso, a longtime high school and college coach who once worked under Rick Pitino with the Knicks, passed away in November 2017 at the age of 72. “He’s always a part of this,” said Grasso, a Long Island native who was Tim Cluess’ assistant at Iona for nine years. “I have a picture of him in my pocket every game I coach. And I’ve dedicated all of this to him. It wouldn’t be possible without him.” Grasso and Northeast Conference-champion Bryant meet fellow No. 16 seed Wright State on Wednesday night in a First Four game.