With mask mandates around the country dropping, it’s time to get outside and breathe fresh air again! If keeping yourself muzzled has kept you from taking your pup on extended walks or to the dog park lately, now is the time to get back out there and let Fido have some fun. But before you go, you might want to think about making sure your pandemic pup is well-trained and ready to behave in public… which is where The Essential 2022 Dog Training Bundle comes in. Make sure you don’t have any embarrassing dog encounters with courses that you can complete from the comfort of your couch. This bundle includes eight courses filled with 21 hours of instruction ranging from leash training to honing your skills as a dog trainer. And right now it’s all on sale for just $19.99 — making it less than $3 a course! Learn the ins and outs of ensuring your pup is well behaved from Sharon Bolt, a dog and puppy expert who has worked with celebrities and has been answering doggy dilemmas on BBC Radio since back in 2008. The top dog trainer will teach you the ropes with fundamentals like Puppies: A-Z Guide to Puppy and Dog Training. This 4.2-star-rated course ensures you get your dog training correct from the second you bring your puppy home, focusing on behavioral issues rather than just commands. If you have an older dog with bad habits, don’t worry. Stop Dog Barking: Easy Dog Training Methods teaches you how to get a dog to stop barking by using a simple command, and Dog Training: Leash Training: Simple Dog Training Methods makes leash training a breeze with helpful guidance. Real-life user, Patrick, raved about this bundle, giving it five stars and noting, “Numerous tips for the correct response from your dog. Even though I have had many puppies over the years, I have forgotten more and then was reintroduced back to the common sense method of obtaining the desired results.” Ready to have a perfectly behaved pup at the local dog park this spring? Get The Essential 2022 Dog Training Bundle for just $19.99 today. Prices subject to change.