The 2022 Oscars are set to be “more thrilling” than ever before for those planning to watch at home. The 94th Academy Awards telecast won’t be airing eight of the 23 categories in an attempt to make the ceremony “more thrilling” — and in hopes to repair abysmal ratings from last year that hit an all-time low. Academy President David Rubin sent out a letter to members in February explaining the change — which has celebs like Jessica Chastain, who feels every category is worth televising, up in arms. “I will absolutely be present when the makeup category is being called, and if that means I’m not doing press on the red carpet or ABC or whatever it is, then so be it,” the “Eyes of Tammy Faye” star said on the “Next Best Picture” podcast. The road to this year’s show has had many hurdles beyond the slimmed-down show. The ceremony’s organizers also received backlash after they announced that they will not require guests to show proof of vaccination. Attendees will only need to show a negative PCR test or a negative rapid antigen test on the day of the show. A slew of A-listers will be presenting during the telecast, including Sean “Diddy” Combs, Samuel L. Jackson, Jamie Lee Curtis, Lady Gaga, Kevin Costner, Zoë Kravitz, Mila Kunis, Lupita Nyong’o and many more. Nominations for the prestigious awards show were announced last month and feature some of the best performances of 2021 to close awards season with a bang. “The Power of the Dog” and “Dune” scored 12 and 10 nominations, respectively. “West Side Story” scored seven nods and there were several couples in the mix who won nominations. Jesse Plemons and Kirsten Dunst both received nominations for their roles in “The Power of the Dog” while Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz each separately earned nods for “Being the Ricardos” and “Parallel Mothers.” “Think Like a Man” and “Girls Trip” filmmaker Will Packer will be producing the telecast. Whether you’re rooting for your favorite film to win or just tuning in for the laughs, here’s all you need to know about the 2022 Oscars ceremony. The show will air live on Sunday, March 27, at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET. Stars will gather at Los Angeles, California’s Dolby Theatre on Sunday to host, present, win or lose a coveted golden Oscar. Viewers can watch the Oscars from the comfort of their couch on ABC or on ABC.com with their TV provider login. For those fans who would prefer to watch the show on their computers or without cable, they can stream it on Hulu Live TV, YouTube TV, AT&T TV and FuboTV. Comedians Wanda Sykes, Regina Hall and Amy Schumer will be gracing the Dolby Theatre stage to emcee the show. Their hosting duties were announced on “Good Morning America” on Feb. 15. “We want people to get ready to have a good time. It’s been a while,” said Hall, Schumer and Sykes in a press statement. “I’m not sure who thought this was a good idea,” Schumer added, “but I am hosting the Oscars, along with my good friends Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall. I better go watch some movies.” The show hasn’t had a host since 2018 when Jimmy Kimmel was the one who took over the hosting gig.