The Issue: The killing of civilians during Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. It’s so sad to read about the Russian invasion of Ukraine (“Murder of innocents,” March 7). I find it amazing that world leaders have to decide if they should charge President Vladimir Putin with war crimes. That should’ve happened the minute the first Russian soldier and tank reached the country. The Ukrainians are true heroes for fighting back, even though they may not win. The world is watching, and we are all Ukrainians now. May freedom ring again for them in the near future. May the blue and gold flags fly forever. Nelson Jimenez Stamford, Conn. What will the world do when Putin attacks the next non-NATO country? Appeasement? Those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it. Geraldine Proferes Mount Sinai Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett visited Russian President Vladimir Putin in an effort to mediate an end to Russia’s Ukrainian invasion. But Putin’s increase in attacks on populated areas means any negotiations for a peaceful conclusion to this senseless war have fallen on deaf ears in Moscow. While I applaud Bennett’s efforts, it seems that Putin (acting true to his dictatorial ways) couldn’t care less about the cost in human lives and destruction. We’ve seen what dictator Putin’s intentions are, so waiting is a waste of time. The Free World must respond to Putin’s evil agenda with whatever it takes to bring about a return to adherence to international law — and that includes prosecuting Putin as a war criminal. Herb Stark Mooresville, SC Putin is living in retrospect. The days of Communist Russia are over. Young Russians want to live in peace with the global community. This evil war will have an effect on other nations. We need a regime change in Russia. America is not a perfect nation. We have flaws in our political system. But it is still a nation of laws and democratic principles. Let’s pray for the Ukrainian people’s victory and restoration. Anthony Bove Manhattan I’m a liberal Democrat who never agrees with David Marcus, but his March 7 opinion is spot on (“Stand Up to Vlad,” PostOpinion). Mutually assured destruction does not work if one side uses it to intimidate the other side. Americans have to accept that we live with the risk of nuclear devastation and not let that dictate policy. Because right now we are letting a criminal sociopath intimidate us and kill our friends when we could easily beat the guy. If we don’t take on Putin now, he and China will do things that are 10 times worse. And, yes, China is involved. President Xi Jinping could stop this war with one phone call, but he’d rather see Putin weaken US power in the world. World War III has already started. China and Russia are fighting it, but we’re not, and that’s a recipe for defeat. Ed Gogek Prescott, Ariz. It has become flagrantly obvious that Putin is heavily engaged in provoking World War III, as he continues to break international laws and intentionally targets innocent men, women and children. In the meantime, the United States is looking weaker by the minute for not stopping this provocateur and global threat. Being the greatest and strongest country in the world, we cannot allow Putin to continue on his course. If Putin is allowed to continue, other countries in Europe will no doubt be in danger. The world is watching the United States shrink back because of the intimidation of a mad tyrant. JoAnn Lee Frank Clearwater, Fla. The world needs to be reminded that the only thing evil needs to succeed is for good men to do nothing. How do you sleep at night, President Biden? Harry Yasso East Moriches Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.