INDIANAPOLIS — Safety first? That is one of the questions facing the Jets in this year’s NFL draft. Notre Dame safety Kyle Hamilton is the consensus No. 1 safety in this draft and has been consistently rated as one of the top players overall in the draft by draft gurus. The Jets need help at safety. Taking Hamilton at No. 4 makes sense … unless you believe you should never draft a safety that high. Certain positions are considered premium ones that are worth using top-10 picks on — like quarterback, cornerback, left tackle and edge rusher. Safety does not have the same positional value. The Jets drafted Jamal Adams with the No. 6 overall pick in 2017. That is the last time a safety went in the top 10. Jets coach Robert Saleh said he is open to taking a safety early, if he’s the right safety. “Depends on how good he is,” Saleh said in a Zoom call with reporters Wednesday. “I call them unicorns. I would never want to take a linebacker in the first round, but Tremaine Edmunds was sitting there and I wore his jersey to the draft. He’s a unicorn in the linebacker world. Same thing with a safety. I remember there was a hard discussion on Derwin James and the guy is phenomenal. “You never want to say no to any position group. Obviously, there’s premium positions when you look at quarterback and edge rusher and corner and O-line. Those are the easy ones to check off, but you can never say no to a unicorn and someone who has a tremendous talent and clearly the best possible player you can take at that time. You never want to be stubborn to your thought process. To answer your question about taking a safety, if he’s worthy of it, it will definitely be a discussion.” Jets fans still have the scars of how things worked out with Adams, who became a Pro Bowl player with the Jets but then wanted to be the highest-paid player on the team. The Jets balked at handing him a mammoth contract, in part because he did not play a premium position. They ended up trading him to the Seahawks for a package that included two first-round picks. One of those picks is the No. 10 overall pick this year. The Adams story should make the Jets think because you do have to question whether you are going to be willing to pay a safety big money when his rookie contract is up. It seems counterproductive if you are drafting someone at a position where you would later hold that position against them in negotiations. The buzz at the Senior Bowl and the combine has been that the Jets really like Hamilton. The 6-foot-4, 220-pounder had eight interceptions at Notre Dame and is a physical player who can play both close to the line of scrimmage and deep. Jets general manager Joe Douglas echoed Saleh’s comments that he would not rule out taking a safety in the top 10. Douglas saw one of the greatest safeties ever in Ed Reed when he was a Ravens scout and knows what kind of impact a safety can have. “Where I’ve come from it’s you take the best player available,” Douglas said. “I’ve had a lot of success being around that mindset and that philosophy. If there is a player, regardless of position, that we feel can come in here and be that type of difference maker, yeah we need to talk about it and have that discussion. At the end of the day, we’re going to bring in the player that we feel is the best fit for the Jets not only as a player but as a person, competitor and character fit.”