They’re spreading cheer the only way they can. Fans of heartthrob boy band BTS were gifted a creative loophole to show their love for the pop sensations, despite harsh COVID restrictions at Thursday’s Seoul, South Korea, performance. “Cheering loudly, yelling, chanting and standing up during ‘BTS Permission To Dance On Stage — Seoul’ is strictly prohibited according to government guidelines,” the band’s management released in a statement ahead of showtime, according to the Mirror. The outlet also noted the homecoming show — their first for the South Korean capital in over two years — had only 15,000 seated fans of an originally anticipated 70,000 allowed in the Seoul Olympic Stadium. However, those lucky enough to nab a spot inside were still able to share their love for the “Boy With Luv” singers — with good old-fashioned clapping. Light up clappers were handed out to fans ahead of showtime and the band’s on-screen graphics choreographed when they should be used — BTS even showed little hearts above song lyrics as an indicator of when to clap. Instead of fans being bummed out because they weren’t allowed to shout their hearts out, they’ve seem to come to terms with the clappers and embraced them as a hilarious new BTS tradition. “The sound of the clappers, the unity, the wave, everything was just perfect.” wrote @btsqtsarchive. “I was worried because you all couldn’t scream but I saw you guys *aggressively hitting your clappers* and those worries instantly disappeared,” superfan @haruharu_w_bts tweeted. Even those initially lukewarm to the clappers — which sounded awkward in silent moments — came around to their quirkiness as the concert rolled on. “I mean clappers aren’t that bad now I’m getting used to it and it’s sounding pretty cool now,” @WinterLobezBts posted. Though, when they synchronized with the upbeat tunes, things came together quite well, fans raved. ” ‘Clappers Only’ made this concert more of a history-making event. Please, after the 4 performances, submit it to Guinness.” @myMaineGurl wrote. Other fans loved the idea so much that they want to keep it going for other BTS shows. “Guys we should get clappers for Las Vegas and clown @BTS_twt a little lol,” Tweeted @AudrieOT7. BTS is slated for two more clapper-friendly performances in Seoul this weekend.