The jailbird is singing. Incarcerated “I Believe I Can Fly” crooner R. Kelly, 55, is sparking social media controversy from prison after a young woman posted a now-viral video of him reportedly serenading her over the phone while behind bars on Friday. “R. Kelly did me the favor and [sang] for me because he and my dad are serving time together,” TikTok user @Jizzlezoldykk, from New York City, told The Post. Her identity was confirmed, but she asked not to reveal her full name or age for privacy purposes. “[It wasn’t] for any other weird reason,” she continued of her alleged private concert from Kelly — who, in September, was found guilty on federal racketeering and sex trafficking charges. He’s currently being held, without bail, at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn until his sentencing in May. “And it wasn’t for money,” she added. Representatives for Kelly did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Per the now-infamous footage, which has amassed over 895,000 views on TikTok alone, the woman asks a voice she claims is the incarcerated Grammy winner to regale her with an impromptu performance of his lesser-known ditty “Love Letter.” She titled the post “When your dad goes to the same prison as R. Kelly,” and wrote “#RKelly free him tho” as the caption. “Did you get my card? Did you read my love letter,” sings Kelly in his signature baritone. “Did it touch your heart? When you read my love letter?” Despite the sweet nature of the serenade, digital keyboard critics ferociously condemned the deed. “Letting R. Kelly sing to your daughter from his prison cell is actually crazy,” asserted an incensed Twitter user. “People don’t hate R. Kelly enough for a child rapist,” barked another, citing the countless allegations of sexual abuse against minors that have plagued the “Snake” vocalist for more than three decades. Other internet jesters shared scathing tweets and memes aimed at Kelly — who once boasted a bountiful net worth of over $100 million — for presumably having to sing in exchange for money to make in-prison purchases, despite the TikToker denying it was for cash. “Kelly allegedly singing for commissary is the best thing I didn’t know I needed. Child predators have no need in this world,” tweeted a detractor. “Nah the weirdest part about R. Kelly on the prison phone singing for commissary is the girl recording the video of him singing even sounds underage. Am I the only one to notice this?” another tweeted. The fallen-from-grace jokes notwithstanding, @Jizzlezoldykk published a follow-up TikTok explaining how she scored the solo from Kelly, and insisting that the convict is “just a really nice dude.” “On Friday, I went to go visit my dad … And I saw R. Kelly too, because he was getting visited, I think by his daughter,” she said. “When I got home, my dad, he called me just to make sure I came home safe.” During their call, the woman claims her father offered to put her on the phone with Kelly. “I got him on the phone, and I just asked him if he could sing for me,” she said. “He did sing for me. It wasn’t for commissary, it wasn’t for money. He’s just a really nice dude [and a] genuine guy.” And as for why she opted to share the controversial visuals, the woman said, “I just wanted to make a video with positive vibes. Something that everybody could laugh at.” She ended her public address revealing that she may remove the original video from her TikTok profile in order to avoid any “legal trouble” for sharing the clip. However, she did note that Kelly had fellow inmates “laughing” at his impromptu performance. “My dad had mentioned that he was there and he had just started singing before his daughter left, and everybody was laughing,” she said. “It was kind of like a funny moment.”