Feeling a little worse for wear is part and parcel of being a student. So when Zara Barton developed a cough and started to get itchy skin, she thought she was just suffering from a bout of “freshers flu.” The 19-year-old had just gone through an upsetting break-up and said she had been boozing a bit too much. Zara, from Solihull, West Midlands, England was initially prescribed creams and antihistamines by doctors to combat her itchy skin. But her symptoms continued to get worse and Zara developed a 2 cm lump on her collarbone. Soon the hives on her body became “unbearable” and the fashion marketing and branding student pressed for answers. But she was stunned to eventually be diagnosed with stage three Hodgkin lymphoma — a cancer of the lymphatic system — last November. One in three people with the disease have itchy skin. Unexplained weight loss, swollen lymph nodes and night sweats are also common signs. She is now urging people to understand the signs of Hodgkin lymphoma and says people should push for answers from their GP if they don’t feel right. She said: “I think if people recognize the symptoms, don’t hesitate to go to the doctors, even if you feel like it is nothing because I just assumed ‘it was nothing to worry about’. “Something like itching, I didn’t have a clue that that was a sign of blood cancer. “It’s best to double-check and you can tell when something’s not right, even at the very start when I was getting the itching I just thought ‘this isn’t me, this doesn’t feel right’. “So it’s important to be persistent if you still feel like something is wrong.” She said many people have been in touch with her about their experiences, with some saying they have been shrugged off because doctors see them as ‘young, fit and healthy’. Zara said that her itching started last February and she visited the doctor in May. She was prescribed medication, which she hoped would solve the issue. But it got progressively worse to the point where she’d scratch her skin so much it would bruise. She also experienced weight loss and lost around a stone (about 14 pounds) — but put it down to eating less. Zara said: “I’d itch, which would then come up in hives almost anywhere on my body — so my arms, legs, feet, anywhere really. “It would literally drive me mad. It would be hot and was really getting unbearable. “It was really persistent and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I had creams that I would put on but I remember sometimes I’d lie there with cold flannels and a fan just to try and make it more bearable.” Zara said she had put her symptoms down to multiple things. “I did go through a pretty upsetting breakup in May [2021] and during that time had a bad stress rash, so I thought maybe that had continued. “I thought being at university with constant late nights, drinking regularly, probably not eating as well as I should. “These were just lifestyle things that made me think at the time ‘ok if I was eating more healthily, getting more sleep, not going out as much then maybe this wouldn’t be happening’.” Zara also had a reactive gland on the right side of her neck which would come and go. She didn’t think it was a cause for concern and previously had tonsillitis at uni, where she had pickled up many colds. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission. 