Take a hike. No, really! Now that the weather is slowly starting to get warmer, the perfect way to get your blood pumping and enjoy some fresh air is by finding a trail and taking a stroll. While some hike for a leisurely walk in the woods, others use hiking as a way to train their bodies and get some much-needed exercise. While some love to hike along a beach or lake, others get down and dirty in the woods, not letting mud, bristles and branches get in their way. Because of this, there are a few ways you could go when getting dressed to take your hike. For the more low-key, all you need is a great pair of athletic shoes, shorts and a top to be on your way. Hardcore hikers will need more hardcore gear, like long pants, hiking boots and a water bottle that can go the distance. In a sort of choose-your-own-adventure outfit style, see below for how to create your ideal outdoor ensemble, starting with tops and jackets, then pants, shoes and accessories. From athletic brands like lululemon to camping and outdoor stores like L.L. Bean, we have you covered — no matter how far your hike takes you. Hike up a sweat but don’t feel a drop in this moisture-wicking top that’s perfect for a day in nature. Some trails need more coverage than a tee or a tank to protect your arms but, in the hot summer months, no one wants to layer up. The Wunder Train Cropped Long Sleeve makes this decision so much easier, as you’ll stay protected from bugs and branches but remain cool as can be, with the Everlux fabric regulating your temperature and keeping you feeling fit to hike on. If your hike takes you up to the mountains, you’ll want this jacket at the peak. The L.L. Bean layering piece is perfect for a colder climb or to protect you from the wind and rain, as it is wind-and water-resistant, too. It comes in a super-inclusive range of sizes as well, starting with a regular, petite or plus size and then ranging from an XXS to a 3XL. If your hike takes you to the beach or just gets heated, ditch your bulky tee or top and rock this long-line sports bra instead. The Energy Bra is great for layering as well: It’s perfect to pair with leggings and a long sleeve when starting the hike in the colder mornings and then having the option to show some skin while getting all the support you need when the weather gets warm enough for just a bra. The long-line length gives this more of a cropped look anyway, adding some fashion and functionality to your hiking outfit. Even though it’s not summer, that doesn’t mean you can stop protecting yourself from the harsh rays of the sun. This UPF50+ long-sleeve tee from Amazon is a great way to add some layers to your hiking outfit when the weather gets cooler, while also providing protection from the UV rays. The top comes in an array of colors and sizes from a small to an XXL. You can never go wrong with flannel. Worn buttoned up in the colder mornings and evenings and then tied around your waist when your hike heats up, a flannel shirt is as much a necessity as it is a fashion staple, hiking or not. This one is from Columbia, and it comes in a wide range of colors and patterns for everyone’s tastes. Sizes also range from an XS to an XXL, which is also perfect for layering if you size up. When you’re out on the trails, the last thing you want to worry about is sweat. With these Wunder Train High-Rise Tights, you won’t, as the brand’s Everlux fabric is some of their quickest-drying fabric yet and wicks away sweat — no matter how hard you train, hike, jog or anything else. Perfect for becoming one with nature, they come in a Smoked Spruce green, pictured above, as well as other springtime hues such as a Water Drop blue and a light Rhino Gray, to name just a few. Designed for hikers, hence the name, these pants need to be in the wardrobe of anyone who is serious about hitting the trails. Sold at Mountain Warehouse, the long pants offer protection from all the elements. First off, they have UV protection for those sunny days outside. They are also quick-dry, working well for a sweaty day or a rainy one, whichever comes first. The pants come in the pictured green color as well as in black, dark gray and beige, and they range in size from a 2 to a 24. Start the hike with pants and end with a pair of shorts — no changing required. Columbia is the expert when it comes to quick changes during your hike, as when the weather changes, so should you. The hiking pants are great for colder times or for when you need to protect your legs from branches or bugs. Then simply zip off the legs and transform your outfit, revealing a pair of longer shorts that are comfortable enough for hot weather while avoiding chafing. Bike shorts aren’t just for cycling trails anymore. These shorts from lululemon are all the rage, both for fashion and function, whether going for a hike, a bike or training in some other way. We got to try the Invigorate shorts last month, but now we need these, too. The shorts have a high-rise fit to hold you in, whether hard-core hiking or just out for a walk. They also have three options for length: 4-inch, 6-inch and 8-inch. “Hikers” have less of a ring to it, but trust us that these joggers are great for walking the trails as well as taking a jog. Sold on Amazon, these joggers are bestsellers for a reason. Not only are they super cute and come in eight color options, but they are functional for fall, keeping you protected from the elements with water-resistant fabric and UV protection built-in. You’ll look and feel like you’re walking on the clouds with these beautiful, pale blue shoes, even when on the hardest of trails. Designed with trail runners in mind, the newest iteration of the North Peak shoe from L.L. Bean features a VertiGrip rubber outsole for traction on the trail, as well as a cushiony soft Comfort Ride EVA foam midsole and insole to soften any impact from running. The shoes also come in gray and range in size from a women’s 6 to an 11. A little rain never stopped anybody from a hike, especially with these boots. The Adventurer boots from Mountain Warehouse are both durable for the trails and waterproof for any puddles or streams you may find along your path. They also have deep lugs on the bottom for even better traction, as things can get slippery when wet in the great outdoors. The boots come in four neutral colors including black, gray and beige, but the blue pictured above is our favorite. When the terrain gets tough, your boot needs to get tougher. These Columbia brand boots are perfect for any hard hike or when the weather starts getting wetter, as they have an advanced traction rubber sole for a non-slip grip when on the go. Sold on Amazon, the hiking boots come in an array of colors and range from a size five to a 12 in select styles. Before, after or even during rain, hike with ease wearing these all-weather hiking sandals. The unisex shoe is designed to be the only one you’ll need for the trails, with a gusseted neoprene to reduce any friction on your foot when wet and an outsole that grips slippery terrain. The shoe comes in a clean, crisp white color, getting a nice wash every time it rains. Go on: Keep chasing waterfalls and rainbows, too. From Keen, this style is a bestseller — and for good reason. Not only do they come in a variety of fun colors and patterns to add some pep to your step, but they are also built to last, through hiking, biking and more. They are made of recycled PET plastic and a higher-traction rubber outsole for a great grip and less impact on our planet that you love to explore. They currently range in size from 5 to 11, with half-sizing available, too Grab a granola bar and let’s go. This Everywhere Belt Bag 1L from Lululemon can hold up to 1 liter of your hiking essentials, not limited to a protein bar, hair ties, sunscreen, sunglasses and more. The bag comes in a combination of gorgeous greens perfect for a hike, as well as in seven other colors from a neon Honey Lemon or Neo Mint to a versatile all-black bag. Perfect for day trips and overnights on the trail, this backpack is cute as well as functional. Listed as a perfect holiday gift for those who like to hike or travel, this Amazon bestseller is now only $23, making it an affordable option as a gift and to grab one for yourself while you’re at it. Plus, since it comes in 11 colors, you can match or get your own style to match the rest of your gear. The possibilities of how to wear this are endless, but every style is just as cute as the next. The Eddie Bauer Multiclava covering can be worn as a face covering when chilly, rolled up as a headband when the wind blows your hair in your face, rolled down as a neck sweatband when things get heated and so many more styles. The new Orchid color is perfect for spring, but they also come in a wide range of other colors and patterns, all on sale now for just $15. This one is for the long-haul hikers, turning a day trip into a backpacking adventure. The North Face Terra 55 is designed for a woman’s body, making sure it hits in all the right places to take the pressure off your back and joints while on the move. The bag can hold 55 liters and comes with a compartment for everything, including a water bottle, floating lid storage for a tent and a front stash pocket for easy access to snacks, lip balm, a camera and anything else you need in a snap. Keep your mind on the trail and your hair out of your face with these hair accessories. Bellefixe has a new sports line just in time for spring and summer hikes, appropriately called BelleSport. The line is super affordable, ranging from $14 to $15 on the site, and spanning scrunchies, smaller hair ties and a variety of headbands to keep your hair securely in your ponytail — and not in your eyes. Now you don’t have to choose between a high ponytail or protecting your head from the sun. This cap from Shein is a perfect solution, as it has two places to put your pony. If you have a lower tail, put it through the normal back closure. If you went with a higher ‘do, feed your hair through the extra hole on the top of the hat. It comes in this mustard color above, as well as green, gray and black. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.