A teen was stabbed in the head inside Washington Square Park early Friday after he refused to hand over his marijuana, cops said. The 19-year-old victim, of New Rochelle, was in the park’s fountain area around 2:30 a.m. — smoking pot with two women — when two men approached him, police said. One of them asked for some of his weed, but the victim declined, cops said. The other man took offense, and cut him on the left side of the head, police said. The suspects, who appeared to be in their 20s, fled east on Washington Square North. The victim went to Bellevue Hospital in stable condition. No arrests were immediately made. Later Friday, some local residents and workers said they are concerned about the recent crime in the area and the city. “We’re back in the 70s,” said a designer who has lived in the area for over 30 years and did not want to be identified. “It’s not safe. There are a lot of mentally unstable people and drugs [in the park and in the city]. It’s unpleasant.” “There could be more cops,” the designer added. “The [southwest] side of the park is totally unusable. There was a bit of a hands off policy for a while. Activities went on pretty freely.” Luke Feldman, 52, who works in HR and was at the park with his children, Henry, 13, and Vivian, 11, said he feels safe there during the day. “I wouldn’t be here at 2 a.m. with my children,” Feldman said. “For the daytime, I think it’s safe. We walk through the park every morning. I grew up here. I remember the ’70s and ’80s, and it’s not that [right now]. New York City is safe and dangerous, but I feel safe when I’m smart and I take care of my family.” Meanwhile, Jeff Larsen, 62, a writer from West New York, NJ, was sitting on the ground, nearly on top of the blood spatter from the early-morning assault – unaware that it was blood. He said he considers Washington Square Park “very repressive” these days, and now there are more Parks Department workers around. A Post photographer was about to take Larsen’s photo when another man sat down behind him. The photographer said the man could be in the shot – prompting him to flip out, jumping over a bench, karate kicking toward the reporter and photographer and screaming. He had a remote control car with him that fell to the ground. “There are a lot of psychos here,” Larsen said after the man walked off cursing.