Colin Farrell fully transforms into the supervillain Oswald Cobblepot-Penguin for Matt Reeves’ upcoming DC Comics thriller “The Batman.” The Irish actor, 45, recounted a moment on set when he decided to get his caffeine fix at Starbucks — while still wearing his shocking, full-on prosthetics and costume. “The first day we tried the whole thing out, we took it for a drive, a spin metaphorically speaking,” Farrell recently told Collider of deciding to head out into the real world — specifically, Burbank, California — to see if the makeup was convincing enough. “It took about six or eight hours. It was a team of 10 or 15 people. And it was really fun.” Apparently, the film’s designers succeeded. “I went into Starbucks and ordered myself a very un-Oswald drink, an oat-milk latte with two stevia sweeteners,” the “Total Recall” star continued. “I got a couple of stares but only because it’s such an imposing look,” he concluded. Farrell’s son Henry, 12, is apparently put off by the getup, too. In an interview with Extra, the “Winter’s Tale” thespian revealed that his son freaked out when he first saw his dad rock “The Batman” makeup and prosthetics. “The first time we did it . . . we took six to eight hours just putting in the teeth for the first time, the wig, the bodysuit, the whole thing, and it was really powerful,” he told the entertainment program. “I just sparked my imagination and continued to every day that I went to work. I just felt like I had such license to inhabit a character in a way I had never been given,” Farrell jokingly recalled. “When my kid saw me for the first time, he was utterly horrified.” Henry is also no fan of his dad’s real-life fashion choices, either. Farrell, a father of two, appeared on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” Monday and spoke about his affinity for running through Los Angeles while sporting short shorts. “Short shorts are in now,” DeGeneres, 64, declared in a nod to his attire, to which Farrell responded, “My youngest son would disagree vehemently with you. “He’s mortified. He says, ‘Please dad, do not wear the short shorts,’ ” Farrell continued. The upcoming superhero flick features Robert Pattinson putting on the Batsuit and stepping into the role of the Caped Crusader. The film also has a punishingly extended runtime — clocking in at almost three hours long. It’s the longest running time of any Batman movie, as well as one of the lengthiest for any comic book movie. Zoë Kravitz joins Farrell and the “Twilight” star in “The Batman” as Selina Kyle-Catwoman. Other members of the ensemble cast include Paul Dano as Edward Nashton-Riddler, Jeffrey Wright as James Gordon, John Turturro as Carmine Falcone, Peter Sarsgaard as District Attorney Gil Colson and Andy Serkis as Alfred Pennyworth. “The Batman” flies into theaters Friday, March 4.