Fans of Tim Burton films can now own a piece of “reel” estate. In Florida’s Tampa Bay area, a home that appeared in “Edward Scissorhands” — and which now serves as a museum to the 1990 movie — has listed for $699,900. But more than just property, a new owner stands to own some pieces of cinematic history. The Tampa Bay Times reports that the home, at 1774 Tinsmith Circle in Lutz, comes with a yard landscaped to replicate how it appeared in the movie — and memorabilia connected to the flick that’s included in the asking price. “Don’t miss the chance to own such a fun and interesting, one of a kind home that comes with ALL the priceless collection of memorabilia from the movie!” said listing representative, Megan Hartnell of Century 21 Affiliated, in the property’s description. Collectibles include authentic and reproduced props, as well as documents. Last year, the publication notes, the movie’s prop master donated an original script, an autographed photo of its director Tim Burton, a schedule for the crew, a photograph of the crew and even a prototype of the paper dolls that Edward Scissorhands (Johnny Depp) makes in a scene. Inside, the listing notes there’s replica wallpaper in the kitchen, which comes with its original cabinets and counters. Listing images also show a number of Edward Scissorhands portraits, commemorative dolls of his likeness, and some posters. In the film, this listing is the home of the Boggs family, with whom Edward stays. The set wasn’t just limited to this spread. The movie was shot on this Tinsmith Circle cul-de-sac — and other houses with starring roles still stand nearby. This home’s current owners, Joey and Sharon Licalzi, bought it for $230,000 in September 2020. They called it their home, but still used it as a museum that offered free admission. “My daughter is having twins,” Joey Licalzi told the publication. “We need more space. I wish we didn’t have to sell.” Even Joey himself has a connection to the film. At the time of its production, he worked at a local Denny’s restaurant — and the film’s craft services department needed a kitchen for washing dishes. He let them use the space, and it’s thanks to that history that he bought the house in 2020. Joey hopes a film fanatic ultimately sweeps in to buy the pad and keep its use as a museum intact. Worst comes to worst, and the new owner would rather not live surrounded by memorabilia, the collection can head to a movie museum and restore the interior as it appeared on film — an effort for which Joey is willing to fundraise. “I will not sell it to anyone who would destroy the house,” he told the publication. Apart from the cinematic history, the 1,432-square-foot house has three bedrooms and two bathrooms — and stands on a 7,405-square-foot corner lot. The kitchen appliances are new, as is the water heater. Outside, there’s a large backyard big enough to entertain guests. The home stands in the Carpenter’s Run neighborhood — which comes with a clubhouse, a pool, a playground, and tennis and basketball courts.