Want one piece of advice for Spring and Summer 2022? Add some one-piece swimsuits to your collection before hitting the beach or pool. What was once a requirement for summer camps or school gym classes is now a super trendy style that many are choosing over bikinis when warm weather rolls around. We actually already rounded up the best swimsuit brands for the season, and many of them do indeed carry one-pieces. However, we wanted to narrow our scope and provide you with a list of our favorite suits, sorted by cut and style rather than by brand. Read on for a few selects in each category, spanning cut-out suits, plus-size options, strapless and sexy suits and more. Use the links below to jump to a specific section or scroll through to get a suit in every style. Just add water and this suit and you have a winning beach combination. We love this cut-out suit with some tasteful peeks of skin at the sides, as well as one exposed shoulder in this white, black or lime green look. Go for a dip in this super cute and low-cut one-piece from Dippin’ Daisy’s. The suit comes in an array of fun spring colors as well as an inclusive range of sizes from an XS to a 3XL while supplies last in each shade. Take a scoop out of summer, and the price of this suit. The Aerie swimsuit is now on sale for $38, and comes in three fun colors and patterns for spring, including this green floral design. It has a completely cut-out back as well as scooped in sides that make for a fun and flirty one-piece. If your vibe is a one-piece but also showing a bit of skin, this suit is for you. Kitty and Vibe has a few options for one-piece swimwear, but we love this cut-out suit, coming in black as well as two floral patterns. Plus, they also come in a pretty size-inclusive range from a small to a 5XL in select styles. This is still technically a one-piece, with a lot of skin in between. The Amazon Choice pick is a great option when you want the comfort of a one-piece with the style of a bikini. It comes in over a dozen colors and patterns, too, so you’ll never have a boring suit day. If your vacation plans take you to Cali, Maui or even just the backyard pool, you need this suit. This underwire swimsuit has both support and style, sold as part of Kenny Flower’s Watercolors collection. Other features include a cute belt with gold clasp and fabric with SPF 30+ protection. Perfect for the tropics, or even your neighborhood pool, this suit is a great choice. The CUPSHE brand swimsuit can be found on Amazon, coming with built in underwire supported cups to keep you feeling boosted and secure in the pool or lounge chair. For underwire support you can feel but not see, check out this stealthy suit from Coco Reef. This one-piece combines the streamlined look of a basic black or blue suit with the supportive feature of underwire, built in underneath the thick fabric. It is also based on your bra size, ranging from a 32 to a 40 band. Target may hold the key to cute and supportive swimwear. This suit from Shade & Shore features a flattering cut and underwire support under the bust, coming in black, red and a fun tiger printed pattern too. No matter how you swim, this suit is for you. The Sidestroke comes in extended sizing from a 16 to a 24, in addition to straight sizes. It is also a bestselling style, so we advise you to get on in each of the nine colors on site ASAP. You’ll adore the way you look in this one-piece from Adore Me. The suit is super sexy, with a low-cut top and a fun criss-cross across the chest. It comes in a few colors and patterns while supplies last, and ranges in size from a 0X to a 4X. Affordable and sexy? Count us in. This one-piece from Shein’s Curve collection is a great staple suit to have in your closet for summer. It is only $18 and comes in five colors, ranging in size from a 0XL to a 4XL, or a 12 to a 20. Swimsuits really are for all, no matter your size or shape. Swimsuits For All is a brand sold on Amazon and can be found in all different styles. We love this fringe one-piece, as it combines size-inclusivity — ranging from a 14 to 34 — with style. Straps on or straps off, this suit is a must-have. Sold at Venus, the Slenderizing One-Piece has completely removable straps, transforming from a strapless suit to one with a bit more support in a snap. It also uses a fun black and white pattern to shape the body in a slimming way and comes in an inclusive range of sizes from a four to a 26. Soak up some sun in this strapless Kona Sol suit. The brand is sold at Target and comes in three floral patterns perfect for spring and summer. It is also super size-inclusive, ranging from an XS to a 26W. For a fun twist, check out this swimsuit. The Amazon brand suit combines a twisted top and the classic look of a strapless one-piece, coming in numerous colors and patterns to pick from. This is the collaboration of the spring and summer. Rifle Paper Co. is sharing their stunning floral designs with swim brand Summersalt to create beautiful suits for all. We love the Lea pattern for beach and pool parties, with a wrap tie to accentuate the waist. The collab can be found on both Rifle Paper Co.’s and Summersalt’s site, so take your pick below. Take a plunge this year with this cute suit from Calzedonia. The plunge neckline is flirty and the pattern is dainty, giving it all the right features for a fun day in the sun. It also has a tie waist, wrapping around the back for yet another sexy detail. For a strappy look you can wear in a multitude of ways, check out this option. Sold at Londre Bodywear, this suit can be worn in six ways, using the straps to wrap and tie any way you like. It comes in black or white, ranging in size from an XS to a 4XL and has been worn on the “Bachelorette,” Michelle Young, and spotted on celebs like Camila Mendes and Shanina Shaik. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.