A suspect in the serial killing and shooting of homeless people in the Big Apple and Washington, DC, was arrested early Tuesday in the capital, police announced. The gunman – identified by a high-ranking police official as Gerald Brevard III, 30 – was busted when investigators tracked him down at a DC gas station, officials said. “ARRESTED: Early this AM, law enforcement arrested the suspect in Washington, DC,” the DC Police Department announced at 5:40 a.m. “He is currently being interviewed at our Homicide Branch. Additional information will be forthcoming. Thanks to the community for all your tips.” The arrest came just hours after the force released clear facial photos of the prime suspect who has been tied to two murders and three attempted homicides targeting homeless men in both cities. The same man was linked to both cities after chilling video footage caught the cold-blooded slaying of one of two homeless people shot in Soho on Saturday. A Metropolitan Police Department homicide captain — who used to live in the Big Apple — saw surveillance photos and realized they looked like the man his department was also chasing. Police believe the same handgun was used in all the shootings, with ballistics linking at least one shooting in each city. Mayor Eric Adams applauded the bust on Twitter, a day after he, along with Washington, DC, Mayor Muriel Bowser joined police officials in vowing to make the arrest. “We promised that we’d bring this killer to justice. We kept that promise,” he wrote. “Thank you to all of our partners in law enforcement for their good work. Public safety is the prerequisite to prosperity. Keeping our streets safe means bringing our country back.” Bowser on Monday described the suspect as “a person who’s clearly depraved and targeting people who are vulnerable.” The bust also came a day after Mayor Eric Adams and Washington, DC, Mayor Muriel Bowser joined police officials in vowing to make the bust. The first linked attack was on March 3 in DC, which was followed by two more shootings there, including the first fatality, who was found dead in a burning tent in the early hours of March 9. He was initially thought to have suffered fatal burns, but a subsequent autopsy revealed that the man had died of multiple stab and gunshot wounds. By Saturday, Brevard was in the Big Apple, where a security camera in Soho caught the chilling images of someone shooting a homeless man on King Street around 4:30 a.m., wounding the victim. The victim screamed and the gunman fled, police said. An hour later, cameras on Lafayette Street captured him kicking a homeless man wrapped in a sleeping bag, before drawing his gun and firing — an execution at point-blank range. “He looked around. He made sure no one was there. And he intentionally took the life of an innocent person,” Adams said. DC Police Chief Robert Contee III said Monday that “a ton of video and camera footage” had helped point to the same man. “Turn yourself in. We’re coming for you. That’s the bottom line,” he had said. “Our reach is far and wide and we’re coming for you.” The arrest carried $70,000 in rewards — $25,000 apiece from each city and another $20,000 from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. It was not immediately clear if that was being claimed, but DC police had thanked the community “for all your tips.” Brevard was previously found guilty in connection to a burglary and abduction pattern in Fairfax, Va. and was on supervised probation, police sources said. Additional reporting by Amanda Woods