More than once on Monday, Filip Chytil stressed that he is not choosing the lineup and has no say over who he’s playing with every night. Whether he would rather have some consistency than a rotating cast of players alongside him, then, is left open to interpretation. But Rangers coach Gerard Gallant has been making use of the forward’s versatility lately. In the past three games, Chytil has played with Barclay Goodrow and Julien Gauthier, Jonny Brodzinski and Goodrow, then Tim Gettinger and Gauthier with strong results. “I’m happy with my minutes I’ve played the last couple games,” said Chytil on Monday. “Try to play my game and also play a little more physical than the last game. That was a big game for all of us and we have to keep playing like this.” The 7-4 bounce-back win over Dallas on Saturday, minus the first five minutes, had all the makings of the kind of game the Rangers want to play every night. Contributions from Chytil, and the rest of the bottom six, being very much a part of that list. Greg McKegg, for example, scored his second goal of the year. “His experience is real good for our team,” Gallant said. “I’ve had him before in Florida. I know the player and I know the character of him. I know the guys in the locker room love this guy, so he’s a real key guy for us.” Without Kevin Rooney and Kaapo Kakko, the Rangers have needed their depth and Saturday’s win in particular showcased how the supporting cast can step up. Now it’s about keeping things rolling with the team back at home, starting with Tuesday’s game against the Ducks. “Jonny Brodzinski went in there and played some real good hockey for us and killed some penalties,” Gallant said. “That gives the other guys some opportunities, and the closer we are to getting back some people, it’s good for our club.” Rooney and Kakko are still week-to-week, with no plans to begin skating this week, according to Gallant. Adam Fox said he is good friends with Anaheim forward Sonny Milano, a Massapequa native. Goodrow took a maintenance day on Monday and did not skate.