A Russia TV employee stormed her network’s studio during its live evening broadcast Monday to warn citizens that they have been lied to about the invasion into Ukraine. The woman burst into frame holding a sign that read “Stop the war. Don’t believe propaganda. They’re lying to you,” in a mix of English and Russian while Channel One news anchor Ekaterina Andreeva was reading the news, according to The Express. She chanted, “Stop the war! No to war!” as Andreeva tried to get through her segment before scrambling producers switched away from the studio to a video clip, footage of the interruption showed. The woman was identified by the Russian OVD-Info human-rights group as Marina Ovsyannikova, an employee with the network who was fed up with feeding misinformation to her fellow Russian citizens. She recorded a video before her protest in which she said she was “deeply ashamed” to have been a part of “Kremlin propaganda,” the rights group said. Ovsyannikova called on Russians to protest the war, saying, “Only we have the power to stop all this craziness,” OVD-Info said. After appearing on the live broadcast, Ovsyannikova was detained by authorities, the agency said. The group said its lawyers would represent her. Channel One is located at the  Ostankino Technical Center in Moscow and is Russia’s largest media outlet with an estimated 250 million viewers worldwide, the Express reported. It was not clear who the woman was or if there were any consequences for her protest. The incident came during a massive Russian crackdown on media outlets that publish stories deviating from President Vladimir Putin’s narrative of the war in Ukraine. Under a law passed by Russia’s parliament earlier this month, journalists who categorize the invasion of Ukraine as a “war,” or report on Kremlin military setbacks and civilian deaths would face three years in prison. The punishment could rise to 15 years behind bars for cases that lead to “severe consequences,” Russian officials said. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. The censorship bill “will force those who lied and made statements discrediting our armed forces to bear very grave punishment,” said Vyacheslav Volodin, the speaker of the lower house of parliament, at the time. Journalists also must verify their reports on the war with official Russian government sources. In response to the “fake news” law, networks such as CBS News, ABC News, CNN, Bloomberg, the BBC and the CBC announced they were pulling their reporters from Russia. Russia has also instituted severe repression on dissent and protests in the street against the war, and thousands have been detained.