“If you’re feeling up high and unbalanced, think of groundhogs.” Students at West Side Elementary School in Healdsburg, California started a free telephone hotline, leaving uplifting and inspiring messages for callers from around the world, CBS News reported. “Hi, welcome to Peptoc, a public art project by West Side school. If you’re feeling mad, frustrated or nervous, press 1,” the hotline’s opening message announces. Callers can also choose to hear words of encouragement and life advice, a pep talk from kindergarteners, kids laughing with delight or encouragement in Spanish, the instructions continue. The young students leave unscripted positive messages on the hotline in hopes to cheer up those who call 707-873-7862 (707-8PEPTOC). The school recently added a second number, 707-998-8410, after the original crashed from being flooded with calls. “If you feel mad or frustrated you can do what you want to do best or you can do flips on the trampoline.” “If you’re sad or angry go get a cookie or smoothie or ice cream!” “Dude, live it up!” “If you’re nervous, go get your wallet and spend it on ice cream and shoes.” Peptoc is currently receiving up to 11,000 calls per hour, CBS reported, sometimes leaving callers with a busy signal as they’re overwhelmed. Since the project began in February, the hotline has received nearly half a million calls. The community art project was started by art teacher Jessica Martin and visiting artist Asherah Weiss. The two believed that their friends and family would appreciate the cute words of encouragement during these turbulent times. Depression rates tripled from 2020 to 2021, according to a study from Boston University, and continued to worsen, eventually affecting 1 in every 3 Americans. Experts have agreed that the continuation of the pandemic, the war in Ukraine and other events continue to add to peoples’ anxieties and depression. The hotline is hosted by the company Telzio, which provides business phone systems. The phone company typically charges calls by the minute but has sponsored the project providing 1 million minutes for free. However, with the popularity of the hotline, the free minutes will likely soon be depleted, so the school has begun fund-raising donations in hopes to sustain the project until the end of the school year. In the words of the West Side Elementary students, “You can do it! Keep trying! Don’t give up!”