New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, ahead of an exciting week of sports. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. On the brink of March Madness, many conference tournaments have begun, with others soon to be underway. The Big South, Missouri Valley and Sun Belt titles will all be decided this weekend, with teams going in search of their place at the NCAA Tournament. There’s still time for a few hotly contested regular season matchups, with a few mouthwatering games. Mike Krzyzeeski takes charge of his Duke side for the last time at Cameron against fierce rivals UNC. Coach K joined the Blue Devils in 1980, and has since racked up 1,122 career wins. The Tar Heels make the short trip to Durham still fighting for their place at the NCAA Tournament. Duke won the previous matchup in Chapel Hill earlier this year, and Carolina will be out for revenge. No. 13 meets No. 14 as Tennessee hosts Arkansas in a hotly contested SEC matchup. If the Volunteers are going to win a share of the SEC’s regular-season championship, they have to beat Arkansas and hope the Gamecocks win at No. 5 Auburn.   A fantastic way to earn yourself some excellent prizes, BetMGM Rewards is a world-class loyalty rewards program, which all users can get involved in. With every wager placed, BetMGM customers can now earn Rewards Points and MGM Rewards Tier Credits that unlock VIP benefits. From trips to MGM Resorts’ 20+ premier destinations, free bets, dining experiences and many more. Free to enter, and the more you wager, the more points you’ll earn. 21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.