Awards season is upon us, as the world waits with bated breath to find out who will take home the acclaimed Oscar trophies from the 94th Academy Awards. Taking place at the Dolby Theater in the heart of Hollywood, California and breaking ground with three female hosts for the first time in history—Amy Schumer, Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall—the ceremony will take place in-person on March 27, 2022. As the most luxurious and exclusive event in global entertainment, the Academy Awards boasts an exciting list of presenters and a shorter runtime for this year’s big night. The Academy announced that Daniel Kaluuya, Mila Kunis, Lupita Nyong’o, Naomi Scott, Wesley Snipes, John Travolta, Lady Gaga, Kevin Costner, Zoë Kravitz, Rosie Perez, Chris Rock, Yuh-Jung Youn, Ruth E. Carter, Anthony Hopkins, Lily James, John Leguizamo, Simu Liu, Rami Malek and Uma Thurman will all step center stage. But that’s not all! The Oscars’ glamorous Vanity Fair party will also be making a comeback in an open-air space! So what does astrology predict for what’s to come? Who will win—or who has their cosmic odds stacked against them? Join me as we dive into the hottest night in Hollywood because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. The 94th Academy Awards will be taking place on March 27, 2022 at 8 P.M. (Eastern). Some important things to note about this date—in particular—is that the sun will be in Aries. Mercury, the planet of communication, enters Aries earlier that day, while Venus, the planet of beauty, will be in Aquarius. The moon will also be in Aquarius all day, as well. This means that the energy of the day will be especially social and vibrant, with a greater focus on parties and celebration than in any recent years. People will be celebrating and using this as a time to gather on a global scale and will likely bring a large viewership because of it. As for fashion: the new, the eccentric, the unusual and the avante garde will be the way people are presenting themselves—and those that follow this more daring approach will end up garnering more press and attention. As for projects that will see the greatest triumphs, it will be the ones that are more experimental and draw attention to unconventionality, unique relationships and those that go boldly in the direction of freedom of expression. Spirituality, fantasy and mystical themes will also do quite well because of Jupiter in Pisces. Kenneth Branagh, “Belfast:” Kenneth Branagh was born on December 10, 1960. This makes him a Sagittarius Sun with a Virgo Moon. Ryusuke Hamaguchi, “Drive My Car:” Ryusuke Hamaguchi was born on December 16, 1978. This makes him a Sagittarius Sun with a Cancer Moon. Jane Campion, “The Power of the Dog:” Jane Campion was born on April 30, 1954. This makes her a Taurus Sun with a Pisces Moon. Paul Thomas Anderson, “Licorice Pizza:” Paul Thomas Anderson was born on June 26, 1970. This makes him a Cancer Sun with an Aries Moon. Steven Spielberg, “West Side Story:” Steven Spielberg was born on December 18, 1946. This makes him a Sagittarius Sun with a Scorpio Moon. Assessment: First off, I can absolutely see why each of their charts are being lit up with exhilarating energy of victory and success at this time. All of them have significant interactions of triumph, glamour and expansion happening at this time—specifically with Venus, Jupiter or the Sun impacting their lives. Jane Campion is going through a more transformative stage at this time (and I don’t have her exact time of birth), where many new beginnings are set before her—especially because she will have a solar eclipse on her birthday this year. Regardless if she wins or not, she’s going to embark on a whole new chapter of her life in radical and breathtaking ways. Ryusuke Hamaguchi and Paul Thomas Anderson are experiencing a period of major expansion and growth, as can be seen from their natal charts—but I believe this particular nomination will skyrocket them into demand toward further projects and opportunities. However, when looking at their overall charts, Kenneth Branagh and Steven Spielberg both have extremely exhilarating energy highlighting awards, recognition, fame and glory on this exact date in time. They are both immensely favored, so the stars will shine quite benevolently upon them now. You heard it here first. Denzel Washington, “The Tragedy of Macbeth:” Denzel Washington was born on December 28, 1954. This makes him a Capricorn Sun with an Aquarius Moon. Benedict Cumberbatch, “The Power of the Dog:” Benedict Cumberbatch was born on July 19, 1976. This makes him a Cancer Sun with an Aries Moon. Will Smith, “King Richard:” Will Smith was born on September 25, 1968. This makes him a Libra Sun with a Scorpio Moon. Andrew Garfield, “Tick, Tick… Boom!:” Andrew Garfield was born on August 20, 1983. This makes him a Leo Sun with an Aquarius Moon. Javier Bardem, “Being the Ricardos:” Javier Bardem was born on March 1, 1969. This makes him a Pisces Sun with a Leo Moon. Assessment: While all of these celebrities are seeing powerful new beginnings, there are two I want to highlight around these themes first. Javier Bardem is currently in one of the luckiest periods of his life, as Jupiter is in his Sun sign. He is going through mighty new beginnings, and the moon on this exact day will be shining in his Midheaven—energizing his career. Andrew Garfield, however, is on the cusp of something so massive and major because in mere days after the Academy Awards, Jupiter, ruling good fortune and miracles will cross into his Ascendant, propelling him upon a whole new era of his life. The eclipses that are igniting Garfield’s solar chart also show big wins in the spotlight—destined moments—that began in November 2021 and will continue to echo out for the coming two years. While Jupiter entering his Ascendant gives me a strong feeling that he could be the one primed to win, I also want to mention his competitors. Benedict Cumberbatch and Denzel Washington both have a host of planets dancing in their natal charts specifically around creative endeavors and having them recognized—so there is no doubt that acclaim for their performances will make this a tough call—but Will Smith also comes in with immense cosmic firepower on his side. Smith will have the moon, Mars, Venus and Saturn all in his Midheaven—revealing he’s reaching a lifelong career milestone and praise at this time. It’s a tough call, but Smith and Garfield have a tremendous amount going in their favor. You heard it here first. Kristen Stewart, “Spencer.” Kristen Stewart was born on April 9, 1990. This makes her an Aries Sun with a Libra Moon. Olivia Colman, “The Lost Daughter:” Olivia Colman was born on January 30, 1974. This makes her an Aquarius Sun with an Aries Moon. Penelope Cruz, “Parallel Mothers:” Penelope Cruz was born on April 28, 1974. This makes her a Taurus Sun with a Cancer Moon. Jessica Chastain, “The Eyes of Tammy Faye:” Jessica Chastain was born on March 24, 1977. This makes her an Aries Sun with a Gemini Moon. Nicole Kidman, “Being the Ricardos:” Nicole Kidman was born on June 20, 1967. This makes her a Gemini Sun with a Sagittarius Moon. Assessment: Diving forward into the nominees for “Best Actress,” once again the cosmic spotlight is shining upon this group majestically—and this contest is even closer than the other ones! They’re all radiating, to be fair, but for slightly different reasons. Jessica Chastain has tremendous firepower amplifying her momentum around her media projects—but this doesn’t often explicitly state a big win. Olivia Colman has Venus and Saturn uniting with her natal Jupiter upon this exact day, which absolutely speaks of a milestone that will echo out for the coming three decades. Penelope Cruz’s fan base is guaranteed to explode after this, but I actually feel she is one of the least astrologically favored at this time, despite major opportunities that will come her way from the upcoming eclipses. Kidman is going through a radical eclipse cycle in her destiny, too—catapulting her ever higher in her fate. Her natal chart also has a large host of planets all circling in her sector of creative expression and recognition. This could be a sign that yet another major accolade is ready to be hers. Last to mention is Kristen Stewart—and the reason I think that she is one of the absolute top choices is because Jupiter, ruling miracles and glory, is in her Midheaven, and Saturn, ruling karma, is now entering her Midheaven right at this time—representing that her whole career has led up to this exact point. She also has a lot of praise, celebration and support in her network as Neptune, Mercury and the Sun now orbit there. It’s a tough call: but I think it’s nearly tied between Kidman and Stewart. You heard it here first. Hollywood continues to break ground with historic content and true stories that feature alternative lifestyle and women-focused narratives. These films have created a great impact and are working for societal enlightenment, which is what audiences are craving, in addition to the tent pole blockbuster franchises, i.e., MARVEL. Regarding magical realism/ sci-fi, we are seeing interesting new character studies and takes on heroes and anti-heroes, as well as fresh and original stories. This is also a great market for biopics and “based on true stories” as we see in well received features and series. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.