Real estate agent Lauren Matera has shared the most shocking experience she had while on the job. She said her client was renovating a home and discovered an entire graveyard in its backyard – but she claimed that’s not the worst part of the story. “A couple of years ago my husband and I were listing a house and working with an investor that was flipping a house and we helped them pick all the finishes inside the house and everything was looking great,” Lauren said at the start of the video she posted online. She added that the house was bought on site unseen, and she got to witness when the countertops were installed in the kitchen and when the yard work commenced. Then, she recalled the moment she saw the landscapers make the shocking discovery. “When we were pulling out of the driveway, I looked over my shoulder as they were mowing the lawn and weed whacking and clearing everything down that was about waist height only to reveal 30 historic headstones. “The property use to be a church property so part of my job then became researching the zoning requirements for the preservation of a cemetery in a rural area,” she noted. She concluded her story by revealing what she considered the “worst” part of the entire situation: The newest grave was added in 2011. In the caption of the video, Lauren said she later learned that the home and surrounding land “was once a large congregation and the graveyard was situated behind the church building.” She noted that the oldest headstones dated back to the early 1900s. She also wrote in the comment section of the video that all the gravestones are “protected and stay in place.” She added that she and her husband made sure all respects were carried out for each gravestone and did their best to identify the headstones that were unnamed. Some may be shocked to learn that Lauren is far from the first person to make such a discovery about a home they were involved with. For instance, a Massachusetts couple knowingly bought a funeral home to renovate and live in, but what they didn’t know is that it was previously a hospital dating back to 1904. However, they said they love the spooky history of their home and agree that it adds to its unique charm. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.