It’s hard to believe but this April brings the third Easter that we will be celebrating during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. And while people have certainly adapted (choosing whether or not to stay socially distant with their friends and family during the holidays) – there are still plenty of ways that you can celebrate, no matter which way you prefer. Whether you’d prefer a festive Zoom call, want to participate in a quick Easter egg hunt in the yard or like the idea of sending a thoughtful premade Easter gift basket, there’s an Easter itinerary to meet everyone’s comfort levels. We’ve rounded up over two dozen different picks that include Easter cookies, candy, breakfast baskets and even wine (for adults, of course). Whether you’re looking for something sweet to send to your grandchildren, sister, best friend, son or beyond – we’ve got you covered with tons of options they’re bound to love. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Everyone in the family would love this basket as it’s jam-packed with fruit, chocolate, tasty popcorn and more. For a bite-size option, consider this Easter Baked by Melissa cupcake box that comes with an assortment of festive flavors like Funfetti cookie dough, chocolate fluff, double chocolate cookie dough and triple chocolate fudge. This Easter basket is filled with fun treats like pears, cheese, crackers and other snack mixes, plus dried apricots, caramel-filled chocolate eggs, cookies and so much more. If your giftee has a soft spot for OREO cookies, you can’t go wrong with these festive, chocolate-covered versions of their favorite cookies. If you’re looking for a personalized basket but don’t have the time (or energy) to create your own this year, you can’t go wrong with this option from Harry & David which can be customized with your loved one’s name. Make breakfast that much easier on Easter morning with this blueberry-inspired set from Stonewall Kitchen. It comes with farmhouse pancake and waffle mix, blueberry scone mix, syrup and blueberry jam. For another breakfast option, you can’t go wrong with this basket filled with delicious pastries like English muffins, Belgian waffles, shortbread cookies and more. Hickory Farms’ Premium Charcuterie and Sweets gift box features the perfect assortment to create the ultimate cheese board this holiday — cheese, sausage, chocolate, crackers — what more could you ask for? Any family with kids or babies would love to receive this basket that features a plush bunny, peeps, popcorn, chocolate, gummies and more. To keep things classic, go with this Williams Sonoma basket that comes with elegant, chocolate-covered bunnies, carrots and other sweet treats plus a cuddly plush. For the loved one who just gave birth to a little girl, consider sending over this “Her Majesty” baby gift basket that comes with a mini crown, bath time essentials, a blanket and more. The Dylan’s Candy Bar Chocolate Bunny Basket is the perfect gift to wake up to on Easter morning, no matter how old you are. For a kid-friendly gift basket that features more than just candy, consider this option that comes with sweet treats, plus an activity book, crayons, a jump rope and so much more. These fun egg cookies are a great way to add some personality to Easter morning. The brand also offers an option for the family to decorate their own cookies themselves. The Hickory Farms Little Bunny Gift Basket is another great option that comes with chocolate, jelly beans, a plush and more. For an ultra-epic (and cost-effective) Easter delivery, go for the Cravebox care package from Amazon that comes jam-packed with tasty snacks and candy. If you want to gift a personalized basket to your kids but also want to go the premade route, consider this option from Amazon. This Cheryl’s Cookies Easter Gift Basket is another great pick for little ones since the buttercream frosting cookies are super soft and easy to eat. Any teen would love this gift basket tower that comes with Reese’s, cotton candy, caramel popcorn, peeps and more. A personalized gift basket filled with goodies adults, teens and kids will love? We’re in! Who doesn’t love popcorn? This Popcorn Factory basket features three different flavors including butter, cheese and caramel popcorn, plus chocolate-covered pretzels and chocolate eggs. The Milk Bar Sampler is the ideal gift for a teenager as it comes with cookies, cake balls, pie and more. Easter is all about the adorable sweets and these chocolate-covered strawberries with little bunnies and ducks do not disappoint. If they love Dylan’s Candy Bar, consider getting them this festive chocolate trip tin. Save the good stuff for the adults! Godiva’s Spring Assorted Chocolate Gift Box is just as tasty as it looks — featuring dark, milk and white chocolate. You can’t go wrong with this Hickory Farms Gourmet Wine Gift Basket that comes with rosé, churros, cheese, crackers, sausage and more. We love this pick from Mouth that comes with a wide variety of Easter treats. For an ultra-elegant Easter basket to send over, go for this Williams Sonoma option that comes with pastel-colored almonds, gummy bunnies, malt ball eggs, jelly beans and a ceramic bunny bowl. This charcuterie-inspired gift basket features a handful of tasty cookies, pretzels and candy to create the perfect dessert board. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.