The South Region is the Region of Death. There are minefields everywhere. A two-seed in Villanova coming off a Big East Tournament crown. A three-seed in Tennessee which should’ve been a No. 2. Four- and five-seeds in Illinois and Houston, respectively, that can knock off No. 1 Arizona in the Sweet 16. A sixth seed in Colorado State that manhandled at-large teams Creighton and St. Mary’s, and a No. 7 in Ohio State that limped to the finish line, but has all the ability to make major noise. That’s, of course, only if the Buckeyes can get past Loyola Chicago, the 10th-seed known for making March runs. Despite the departure of coach Porter Moser to Oklahoma, the Ramblers remained an elite defensive team under his replacement, Drew Valentine — they are ranked 22nd in efficiency — and will give Villanova trouble in the second round. The Illini are not playing their best basketball entering the tournament, 4-3 in their last seven games, and the wins have all been narrow victories. Chattanooga may be feeling like a team of destiny, after David Jean-Baptiste’s prayer was answered in the Southern Conference title game, and former Kansas forward Silvio De Sousa may be able to at least slow down Kofi Cockburn inside.  The Cougars were done a disservice by the committee, not only with the seed, but their opponent. UAB, led by electric Port Washington, N.Y., guard Jordan Walker, is dangerous. The Blazers probably don’t have enough to win, but they’ll make Houston sweat, especially if they can speed up the game. The Cougars didn’t take a step back despite crushing injuries to leading-scorer Marcus Sasser and key role player Tramon Mack, in part because this bruising 6-foot-8 senior improved across the board, developing his 3-point shot while remaining a physical presence in the paint. The Big East Player of the Year and Most Outstanding Player of the conference’s tournament will beat you with his jumper, he’ll beat you with his vision, he’ll beat you in the post. The fifth-year senior will beat you in so many different ways, but the bottom line is he will find a way to beat you. Nobody embodies Villanova better. Arizona is a trendy national championship pick. Villanova has championship muscle memory. But Tennessee, which has knocked off Final Four contenders Auburn, Arkansas and Kentucky in recent weeks, will be the last team standing. It exacts revenge from its November loss to Villanova in the Sweet 16 and, after Houston stuns Arizona in the other regional semifinal, the balanced and deep Volunteers outlast the Cougars.