The Issue: Former Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s ads calling harassment allegations against him “political attacks.” Former Gov. Andrew Cuomo has begun using part of his left-over $18 million re-election fund to pay for commercials (“Cuo Won’t Go,” Seth Barron — March 6). The message implies that he has been exonerated from charges that he sexually harassed a number of women. Both Andrew and his brother Chris Cuomo might be better off by listening to Kenny Rodgers’ song “The Gambler”: “You’ve got to know when to hold ’em, know when to fold ’em, know when to walk away.” It is wishful thinking on Cuomo’s part that he can resume his political career with a simple media blitz. Both Andrew and Chris should look for honest work. Larry Penner Great Neck In the eyes of Andrew Cuomo, everyone is to blame for his troubles other than him. There are 11 women who said he sexually harassed them — not one, 11. There are the families of seniors who perished in nursing homes due to his moronic decisions. His brother was fired from CNN. How embarrassing is that? The only way the Cuo­mo name will be remembered is the Mario Cuo­mo Bridge. I feel bad for their mother, Matilda, who had two sons who are an embarrassment to the human race. Cuomo will probably have the chutzpah to write another book. JR Cummings Manhattan Cuomo’s appearance at a Brooklyn church in which he claimed that he was smeared and a victim of cancel culture was beyond disgusting. Even if he never touched any of the women who brought complaints against him — which, of course, is virtually impossible — are we supposed to forget about the many elderly nursing-home patients his policies helped kill? Not only did his callous decision to send COVID patients into nursing homes result in their deaths, he then — like the despicable creep he is — tried to cover it up. Cuomo’s legacy will always be a disgrace, and no amount of revisionist whining on his part will ever change that. Robert DiNardo Farmingdale Barron’s column on Cuo­mo’s puerile attempt to resurrect his political career was truly unpalatable. It was like taking a bite out of The Big Apple only to find half of a maggot. James Evans Worcester, Mass. The Issue: Karol Markowicz’s call for political leaders to apologize for harm caused by COVID lockdowns. Karol Markowicz’s column “Apologize!” (PostOpinion, March 7) once again stated clearly and concisely how badly our so-called “leaders” mishandled COVID information — all in the name of politics instead of science. The damage that was done to our children cannot be undone. It will take so much work to right this wrong. The damage that was done to the average citizen by the media and all of their convenient misinformation cannot be condoned. Where are all the so-called experts now? Anthony Fauci and CDC Director Rochelle Walensky are nowhere to be found. Yes, I want apologies from all of the experts, but sadly that day will never come. Alice Daly Mahopac These people abused small-business owners, school kids and anyone else who didn’t have the power to fight them off. These people ruined a lot of lives, and many people committed suicide or didn’t get to see a relative before they passed. Apologies are not enough. That’s not how it works. Joe Micare Malta Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.