Warmer weather is just around the corner! As the flowers start to bloom and the city feels like it’s finally beginning to defrost, it might be time to finally give your home the TLC it needs. But before you start thinking about how to refresh your space for the spring, it’s time to tackle the most dreaded part of the new season: spring cleaning. If you’re in need of a new vacuum or mop, check out these fabulous picks that are all currently on sale. Though mopping doesn’t sound like a blast, Nellie’s® WOW Mop makes it as enjoyable as possible, thanks to its cordless, lightweight, and rechargeable status. It has high-frequency pads that oscillate 1000 times per minute so you can clean quickly and easily. Want to prepare for your annual spring allergies? The Sirena is a bagless vacuum cleaner that has been Asthma and Allergy Recommended by Go Green, due to its water-based filtration technology that removes dust, dirt, allergens, and bad odors simultaneously. Let the Quantum X Water Filtration Vacuum battle dirt, debris, germs, and bacteria without the pesky addition of filters. It uses a water filtration system in lieu of HEPA filters that clog to clean up, and its 18 telescoping head makes sure to get to spots where dirt loves to hide. The Costway 110W Cordless Vacuum may be tiny, but it’s mighty! This cordless and electric vacuum has a high suction power up to 30000r/min and four different heads so you can get to even the most hard-to-reach spots. And it has a 500ml large storage dustbin that’s detachable and washable for easy maintenance. Wired vacuum cleaners really hold you back during a deep spring cleaning. The Costway 16KPa Cordless Vacuum ditches the cords and provides a cordless experience with a 200W brushless motor to get to pet hair, dust, and debris in an easier fashion and ensure your living space is tidy. Let the Orfeld Cordless Vacuum tend to all of your cleaning needs at a budget-friendly price. It’s a cost-effective cordless vacuum that has two different speed modes, a dual brushless motor and a 2,200mAh battery that works for up to 50 minutes on a single charge. Clean up your surfaces with help from the Orfeld V20, a 6-in-1 cordless vacuum cleaner that works on surfaces ranging from hard wood to carpets, tile, and rugs. You’ll get 30 minutes of fade-free strong suction on a single charge and the choice between two suction modes to cater to the cleaning task. Ever considered a certified refurbished vacuum in the past? You can save nearly half off the usual sticker price and enjoy the top-rated, beloved Shark DuoClean vacuum and its remarkable DuoClean technology at home in action, complete with swivel steering and a range of accessories that Tech Advisor says “can do it all”. Sometimes you just want to know you’re picking a winner, which is exactly what the Shark Navigator provides. This vacuum is an Amazon’s Choice with 4.6 stars and more than 16,000 ratings, thanks to its anti-allergen complete seal and 11 feet of reach. A certified refurbished model can be yours for 31% off the usual price. Tired of breaking a sweat while mopping your floors? The Electric Floor Mop makes that a thing of the past, thanks to its cordless status and dual-spin motors that clean at 110rpm and remove even stubborn dirt from your floors. You can use it both dry and wet, depending on your cleaning needs. If you’re in need of more than a mop, the Ultra Quiet Stainless Home Wireless Electric Sweeper pulls double duty with two brush heads. Choose between sweeping or mopping, or do both! The fiber rag cleans efficiently without scratching floors and a 2,500mAh rechargeable battery gives you over an hour of cleaning on one single charge. Prices subject to change.