Love the flexibility of working from home, but hate the lack of flexibility of being tied to your desk or chair all day? Many who work from home on the regular have made the switch from a traditional desk setup to a standing one, or even a walking one for those that like to get their steps in. However, since a standing desk contraption can be a bulky investment, you’re probably wondering — where is the best place to buy one? Like the answer to most questions, it can be found on Amazon. The online retailer not only sells standing desks of all heights and makes, but in a variety of price ranges, too, from simple desk risers to full builds that include upgrades like storage and motorized features. The best part is that they are delivered right to your door, many coming with the option to add on expert assembly, too. To see them all without standing up — for now, that is — take a look below and then do a big stretch and get ready for a productive rest of the week standing and working from home. For an easy transition from a regular desk to a standing one, consider this riser, which can be placed on your current desk for an upgrade. The TechOrbits Standing Desk Converter comes with a place for your monitor as well as a keyboard and mouse shelf, which can also be used for other desk needs should you be a laptop user. Make your desk as flexible as your new work from home schedule. This FLEXISPOT brand desk is an Amazon Choice product, with over 1,500 positive reviews and counting. The desk comes in a variety of colors and sizes, adjusting to your needs for color and space. Keep it simple. This standing desk is fully automated, with a digital control panel that can memorize your four top settings and shift to a new height at the touch of a button. It comes in gray or a wood and black combination, as well, with an option to add expert assembly. Bring this into your home office or the actual office to upgrade your space, big or small. The Ergoton WorkFit-Z Mini is a great space-saver, as all you need to do is place it on your current desk and raise or lower it to fit your needs. It also comes with a keyboard shelf in the middle and a handy nook for your phone and other electronics. Sit or stand, this desk can accommodate it all. The fully electric desk can be adjusted to four different memorized height settings and has a super quiet motor, as to not disturb others working from home. It comes with the option for expert assembly and in a variety of five colors and two desk sizes. This desk is great for those that only want one piece of equipment that can do it all. The standing desk has three memory presets and can adjust at the tap of a button. It also comes in a wide variety of colors, three sizes and with the option for assembly. If the previous options are too big for your small space, consider this one. Not only is it more compact, but it is one of the most affordable options — under $100 on Amazon. This desk comes on wheels, letting you move around the room with ease and features an extra shelf in the back for other office necessities. To contrast the option above, if you have a larger space or a bunch of tech to keep track of, this L-shaped desk is the best fit for you. It’s large enough to store computers, printers, laptops and more, and can fit into the corner of your room for a great office layout. It comes in black, light brown and darker brown and can be purchased with expert assembly if needed. This desk comes with all the storage you could want, but in a more compact layout. The FEZIBO desk has enough surface area to hold a dual monitor work set up, plus a laptop and other desk items like a lamp, coffee cups and even headphones with a place to hang them. It comes with or without assembly in four colors and three sizes. Have your coffee on the go, while working from your standing desk. This option is slim enough to be placed anywhere in your home office, but comes with a lot of fun accessories, like a hook for your headphones, a keyboard shelf and even a cup holder. It also happens to be the most affordable, at $70 without expert assembly added on. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.