A former Russian spy who says she was trained in the same grueling military program as Vladimir Putin is speaking against her country’s president, claiming he will stop at nothing to win the war in Ukraine. Aliia Roza, 37, hit headlines last year after it was revealed she had fallen in love with a target she had been trained to honeytrap. The brunette beauty — who fled Russia after barely escaping with her life — says Putin is used to getting exactly what he wants and won’t take kindly to any kind of loss. “I was trained in the same military program as Putin and we learned how to stay calm and cold-blooded in a very stressful situation,” Roza told Jam Press. “Mr. Putin always wins; he can’t lose this war and back up, because it will damage his reputation. She ominously added: “He will go till the end.” Roza was born in the USSR and became a Russian spy when she was just a teenager. However, the brunette had an affair with a man she was meant to gather intelligence on and later fled Moscow. She now lives in Los Angeles and has not returned to Russia in over a decade. “Sometimes when I watch these movies like ‘Red Sparrow’ I am like ‘Oh my God, how do they know all these things?'” Roza told Jam Press. “In my educational center, they would teach us how to seduce men, how to psychologically manipulate them, how to get them to talk so we could hand over information to the Russian police.” Roza believes Putin’s goal is to “have full control of Ukraine” and position a new leader to replace Volodymyr Zelensky. She has family and friends in both Ukraine and Russia who tell her they are “scared” of Putin’s regime. “Putin’s strategy is obvious – don’t let NATO place any rockets or weapons in Ukraine and he will do everything to achieve his goal,” Roza declared. “But he didn’t expect that Ukrainians would fight back and have support from the whole world.” The ex-spy said older Russians are reluctantly supporting Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, but claimed many young soldiers feel demoralized. “I speak with them [family and friends]  every day and they tell me that Russians over 45 are following Putin’s regime because they are scared,” she stated.  “Russian soldiers are usually not the ones who can choose to go to the war or not, there is the order – they have to follow it.” Back in 2004, during her first official mission as a spy, Roza said she fell in love with her target — a man who was, ironically, also named Vladimir. She previously told Jam Press: “For my first task, I had to pretend I was a prostitute so I could go to a club and seduce the leader of a criminal gang which was supplying drugs into the country. It was just crazy, I was hanging out with these baddies who would fight each other and kill each other.” According to Roza, Vladimir’s associates soon discovered she was a spy. “They put me into the car, they dropped me into the forest, it was so dark, and 10 men started beating me,” she shockingly revealed. “But Vladimir saved me from being killed.” Vladimir later died, and Roza subsequently met and fell in love with a Russian oligarch, whom she married in 2006. However, her incredible life took another wild turn when her husband was jailed and later died in prison. Roza fled Moscow with her young son, Platon, and has not returned. She now works in PR and is frequently seen partying with the rich and famous. The beauty has met Prince Charles, and last year made Page Six after it was revealed Ivana Trump fondled her breasts in front of stunned patrons at the posh Limani restaurant in Midtown Manhattan.