You just know when someone walks out of a salon: bouncy curls, little to no frizz and a captivating scent you want to replicate time and again. With so many shampoos available — not to mention the smorgasbord of styling formulas — it can be difficult knowing what’s the “best of the best” for your hair type. Luckily, Sally Beauty is a quick shop of satisfyingly good products, from its at-home hair dying kits (as seen on TikTok) to curling irons and blow-drying brushes. “As beauty enthusiasts look for ways to express themselves, Sally Beauty continues its mission to be the go-to destination for all things DIY,” the brand told the New York Post in a statement. “Sally Beauty first solidified its spot as the leading omnichannel hair color retailer by offering consumers the widest assortment, with over 1,200 shades in professional, vibrant brights, and root touch-up hair color.” Aside from hair, the retailer offers a wide variety of buttery glosses, shimmery eyeshadows and length-boosting mascaras for you to shop (after all, its name is Sally Beauty). Another bestselling item? Nail care — the Sally Beauty gel sets and pretty polishes have us all skipping the salon these days. But for now, find the top 12 hair and nail products we can’t stop swooning over. It’s the perfect time to get your online shopping cart primed and ready. Prices are subject to change With 18 mixable shades and a color that lasts up to eight weeks, this exclusive NouriPlex bonding technology helps repair and rejuvenate the condition of your hair — aside from giving you phenomenal color, of course. What’s more, this semi-permanent hair color is infused with provitamin B5 and mango oil for hydration, vegan protein and amino acid for strengthening and shea butter for moisture. For $8, you truly can’t beat the Color Brilliance by ion’s Permanent Creme Hair Color. The formula is available in a whopping 86 shades and gives your hair an intense shine. Not to mention, it’s one of Sally Beauty’s bestsellers. Tea tree oil is a lovely ingredient to embed in shampoo to cleanse your hair’s scalp of impurities, and this sudsy formula is a perfect pea-sized amount to use on wash days. It leaves your hair soft, too. We’re big fans of Eva NYC, mainly for its dry shampoo, and its Kweeen Glitter Spray is no exception. Designed to give your hair a healthy sparkle, it also gives your strands a nice rejuvenation, many thanks to its argan oil and plant protein ingredients. Give your hair a much-needed detox with this ooey-gooey sugar scrub that helps unclog your scalp for a hydrated, clean feel. It’s easy and non-messy to apply, is great for all hair textures, plus it’s vegan and cruelty-free. Looking to add moisture to your locks? Look no further than Texture ID’s Triple Moisture Cream Conditioner that’s nutrient-rich to help nourish your hair follicles, detangle your hair and reduce breakage. Also, it’s formulated with Argan nut oil to help reduce frizz and enhance shine. A hair strengthener for just $2? Yes, please! Color Brilliance by ion’s Absolute Perfection Booster is the first step — literally — to help generate new bonds for stronger hair. Not to mention, it helps reduce dryness for color-treated hair. Another top pick, the Ion Magnesium Flat Iron is your go-to for styling your hair into smooth and sleek strands. Magnesium, which has incredible heat conductivity, helps produce salon-like results with less damage. What’s more, this hair tool comes in 1″ and 1.25″ sizes, too, should you want to experiment with your hair’s result. If you’re looking to create gorgeous, salon-worthy waves from the comfort of your home, ion’s Titanium Pro Triple Barrel Waver is worth buying ASAP. Because it’s made with titanium, you’ll have a smoother, bouncier wave or curl each time. What’s more, its heat settings span from 180 degrees to 450. This hot tool also helps to prevent damage, many thanks to its titanium makeup (which also helps give your hair a smoother finish). Similarly, Dashing Diva also offers a fun pink pop with its Colorful Cheetah design strips. Not to mention, gel offerings are typically more longer-lasting than traditional polish (another bonus). If you’ve ever wanted to bleach, tip, highlight and frost your hair, the Strawberry Leopard Light Me Up Lightening Kit is your best bet. It included a lightening powder, a developer, a brush, gloves, a frosting cap and a needle. No, you don’t have to resort to nail salons to achieve that on-trend dipped-powder look. With Beauty Secrets’ customized formulas, you’re able to be your own nail technician from the comfort of your home. Plus, the shades last for more than a week and a half. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.