ORLANDO, Fla. — In a career of great offensive nights, this was Kyrie Irving’s greatest. The Nets star’s mesmerizing 60 points were a career-high and a franchise record, while matching an NBA season-best. “When you’re a kid scoring a bunch of points it means something. But when you’re in the best league in the world, doing it against the greatest athletes … it means a little more and that competition level just comes out of me,” Irving said after his record night keyed a 150-108 rout of the Magic. “The team I have in that locker room, they just really give me that energy. And the only time I get a chance to play on the road I better come out and give everything I have.” Irving’s master class led the Nets to their fourth-straight win — and got him showered with cheers and serenaded with chants of “Kyrie! Kyrie!” by the Amway Center crowd of 15,282. Irving can only play on the road because he’s unvaccinated and barred from playing home games in Brooklyn. He may be a part-time player, but he’s an all-time great — and he reminded everyone of that Tuesday night. “He’s just incredible. It felt like he had my career highlight reel in the first 12 minutes,” Nets coach Steve Nash said. “It’s special to watch him on nights like this where he’s in total control, total command. … It’s a pleasure to see it up close.” Irving led the eighth-place Nets (36-33) to their highest-scoring game of the season, and helped them keep pace 2 ½ games behind the Raptors for seventh in the Eastern Conference. If Irving and Kevin Durant (19 points, seven assists, five rebounds) are having some kind of scoring challenge, it’s a historic one. After Irving poured in 50 points exactly a week earlier at Charlotte, Durant topped it with 53 on Sunday against the Knicks. Irving’s answer was Tuesday’s deep-in-his-bag performance that made Irving and Durant the first teammates in NBA history to score at least 50 in consecutive games. “Making history and doing it with that guy is very special,” Irving said. “But credit goes to our group. It’s just how close we are. Our guys in our locker room, they really believe in us, they really rock with us. There’s no doubt in our mind that we can do something special. And not just this year but for years to come.” Irving got his franchise record on a 3-pointer with 8:32 left, tapping his heart and pointing skyward. The Magic took a timeout as their fans chanted his name and Irving came off the court to a hug from Nash and a standing ovation — spurred on by Durant waving his long arms to the crowd. “I was just really grateful. There’s nothing but gratitude in my heart when I get a chance to perform and do what I do,” Irving said. “If anything, missing time this season has taught me just to put things in perspective and not take anything in life for granted. “Things that I love have been taken away from me and I’ve had to deal with it, just like everyone else. … So as you walk with faith then you know that there are going to be uncomfortable times and you just can’t have fear; and just be led by that, the energy of God and just let everything else fall into place.” Part of that discomfort is the Nets now will return to Barclays Center to play three straight games without Irving, starting Wednesday against the Mavericks. He finally was allowed into Barclays Center as a courtside spectator on Sunday versus the Knicks, though the league fined the Nets $50,000 for letting him in the halftime locker room. “It’s not the best feeling in the world. There’s a little awkwardness,” said Irving, who thanked the fans for their support. He added he’s just as confident of the mandates being lifted as he ever was. “Yeah, absolutely,” he said. “I mean, my faith in things turning around hasn’t changed. It hasn’t wavered. “I know it got tiresome for my teammates, tiresome for people in the organization. I just commend all of us for just really making a choice to come closer together and just deal with this, man; we’re dealing with it face-on. So whatever is going on outside of what we can control that’s what happens; but what we can is just showing up every day and knowing that we’re all sacrificing something to be here.”