A Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the New York Times was caught on video bashing his colleagues as “f–king bitches” while ripping “the left’s overreaction” to the Jan. 6 Capitol riot. Project Veritas released footage Tuesday showing Matthew Rosenberg, who covers national security for the Gray Lady, mocking coworkers who said they were “traumatized” over the insurrection last year. “But like all these colleagues who were in the building, and they’re young and are like, ‘Oh my God, it was so scary.’ I’m like, ‘F— off,'” Rosenberg, 47, who didn’t know he was being filmed at the time, tells an undercover journalist. “It’s not the kind of place I can tell somebody to man up, but I kind of want to be like, ‘Dude, come on. Like, you were not in any danger.’” In the heavily edited footage, he then lambasted colleagues who “keep going on about their trauma.” Rosenberg also seems to call two colleagues, Emily Cochrane and Nicholas Fandos, “f—ing bitches” and refers to other co-workers as “f—ing little dweebs,” the footage shows. He also described “a tug of war” at the Times “between the reasonable people and some of the craziest leftist s–t,” according to the video. Rosenberg added that he was “so over” Jan. 6 coverage. “The left’s overreaction — the left’s reaction to it in some places was so over the top,” he said. “They were making it too big a deal … that gave the opening for lunatics in the right to be like, ‘Oh, well, nothing happened here. It was just a peaceful bunch of tourists,’ you know, and it’s like, but nobody wants to hear that.” The Times, Rosenberg and Cochrane did not respond to requests for comment. Fandos declined to comment. In another video posted on Wednesday, James O’Keefe, who runs Project Veritas, confronts Rosenberg at a restaurant and asks for comment on his statement. “This is me talking s—t at a bar. If you think that’s news, it is what it is,” Rosenberg tells him. “I’m not gonna give you a comment,” Rosenberg adds, telling O’Keefe he’s “worse than a hit job.” The Gray Lady journalist then says, “And yeah. Do I, will I stand by those comments? Absolutely,” though he also acknowledges he isn’t completely sure which comments O’Keefe is referencing. In the comments captured by the conservative outlet known for its media sting operations, Rosenberg also talked about the rumored “pee tape” of former President Donald Trump, calling it “ridiculous” and saying it “of course doesn’t exist.”