As the saying goes, history doesn’t repeat, but it rhymes. As President Joe Biden prepares to give his first State of the Union address Tuesday, the challenges facing America in 2022 look a lot like those of 1982: Soaring inflation. Runaway spending. Rampant crime. Aggressive enemies invading sovereign countries. A rising national self-loathing. The list goes on. Based on his first year, unfortunately, Biden will surely call for policies that will make things worse. That’s why Americans should look to Ronald Reagan’s first State of the Union for inspiration. Forty years ago, our 40th president set out the principles that could clean up the mess Biden has created. Reagan’s central message was the need to put power back in the hands of the American people. Biden’s vision is the opposite: Make government dependency the default and put DC in charge of huge swaths of daily life. Biden assumes central planners are smarter than 330 million Americans. The results have been as predictable as they are disheartening. Biden’s spending binge is driving the worst inflation in 40 years. Costs are rising so fast, paychecks can’t keep up, and the typical American makes less than before Biden took office. He tried to pass the largest tax hike in US history, hitting workers and job creators. And while the out-of-control spending is taking the country nowhere, it is coming from somewhere — namely, family’s pockets. With $30 trillion in debt and trillions more on the way, it’s painfully clear that spending trillions more won’t solve our problems — it is the problem. That’s a truth Biden won’t admit Tuesday, but Reagan did. He spoke of taming inflation by breaking, not boosting, DC’s spending addiction. He talked of bringing down gas prices by increasing, not limiting, our ability to achieve energy independence. He called for cutting taxes, not raising them, and slashing red tape instead of strangling families and businesses with mandates and rules. Reagan did exactly that, and the economy boomed. By contrast, Biden is overseeing an economy that month after month fails to meet even low expectations. Reagan advocated protecting entitlements for the least fortunate, cutting corporate welfare and dismantling big parts of the federal bureaucracy — the opposite of what Biden has proposed and will likely call for in his speech. Reagan also emphasized the need for returning power to the states. As a former governor who empowered more than 20,000 people to move from welfare to work, I can attest that states can meet their citizens’ needs better than DC ever could. On the world stage, Reagan called for “regaining the respect of America’s allies and adversaries alike.” That’s needed, too: Biden’s disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan has our allies thinking they can’t trust us and our enemies thinking they can defeat us. Iran, North Korea, Communist China — they’ve all become more aggressive since Biden surrendered Afghanistan to the Taliban terrorists. Russia has invaded Ukraine, and no wonder: Putin doesn’t think America will do anything to stop him. Biden will probably talk a big game Tuesday, but his actions over the past year speak louder than any words. Restoring respect in the eyes of the world is no easy task, but it starts at home. We must regain our faith in America’s inherent goodness — something Biden and the majority of the Democratic Party reject. Under the “woke” ideas they embrace, liberty, free speech, equality and the rule of law are on the outs, while government control, censorship, discrimination and the raw exercise of power are in. Nothing will be more disastrous for America’s future, and nothing could be more wrong than saying America’s principles are tools of oppression. Biden won’t say it, but America deserves our love and demands our hard work. We have to believe in our country to make it freer, fairer and better for all. And take it from me, the first female governor of South Carolina and the first minority female governor in the United States: America is not a racist country. The national malaise that surrounds Biden’s speech is nothing new. We experienced something similar during Jimmy Carter’s presidency. Sure enough, we have a Carter in the Oval Office again when we need a Reagan. Reagan would be the first to say we shouldn’t do as he did because every era requires creativity and imagination suited to the moment. But we must absolutely believe as he did, especially in America’s principles and place in the world. We need the unshakable conviction that America is worth defending and the unwavering optimism that we can and will come through these trials. Biden can’t credibly make that case in his first State of the Union address; America needs a new president who will. Nikki Haley served as governor of South Carolina (2011-17) and US ambassador to the United Nations (2017-19). Adapted from a longer essay for the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library.