For three years, Bryan Antoine has waited for this moment. There have been injuries. There have been struggles. There have been more experienced players in front of him. Saturday night in New Orleans, that can all change. The Final Four could be the Tinton Falls, N.J., native’s long-awaited chance to prove himself on the biggest stage of all following the season-ending torn right Achilles injury to star guard Justin Moore in Saturday’s South Regional final. “I’d say I’m pretty confident,” Antoine told The Post. “I’ve had the same mindset from Day 1. It hasn’t really changed for me. … Obviously with the injuries I have been set back, but I’m still the same player from high school.” The 6-foot-5 junior wing arrived at Villanova with sky-high expectations. He was a five-star, top-20 recruit at The Ranney School, a player some thought had one-and-done, lottery-pick potential. He was a McDonald’s All-American who, along with teammate Scottie Lewis, led Ranney to the New Jersey Tournament of Champions in 2019. Antoine had his pick of schools, and chose Villanova over Duke, Kansas, Kentucky and Florida, among other elite programs. But he has appeared in only 45 games for Villanova over three years. He underwent right shoulder surgery to repair a torn labrum the May before his freshman season, a major setback. That same shoulder sidelined him for November and December of his sophomore year, and a knee injury cost him the start of this season; Antoine didn’t make his debut until Dec. 17. “They’ve all been incredibly debilitating,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said. He has logged only 19 minutes in four NCAA Tournament games, and didn’t get off the bench in the Elite Eight against Houston. Antoine is averaging just 1.4 points and 1.2 rebounds in 9.5 minutes this season. But Moore’s injury means that will likely change. The Wildcats weren’t deep to begin with, and Wright thinks an opportunity will be there for Antoine. Nobody expects Antoine to perform like Moore, an All-Big East first-team selection who averaged 14.8 points and 4.8 rebounds per game. The 6-4 Moore is a terrific defender and high-level shotmaker in his third season as a significant contributor. The Wildcats will have to tweak their offensive game plan without him, according to Wright. They will have had a week to make adjustments by the time they face Kansas on Saturday, and there is a talented replacement in Antoine who has been patiently waiting for his time.  “He has learned a great deal and I think he’s ready to step in,” Wright said. Antoine used that verb — learned — several times when discussing his time at Villanova. He learned about patience and dealing with adversity, he learned what it takes to win by watching his teammates do the little things so often over the last three years. He matured, on the court and off of it. He credited his teammates, coaches and parents with keeping his spirits up. He talked with Wright frequently through the tough times, the legendary coach raving about his attitude and mental toughness. “He’s been huge in the past three years for me,” Antoine said. Now he’s eager to apply all the lessons he’s learned and perform on the big stage. Antoine won’t treat this game any differently. He doesn’t feel like he has anything to prove. “It’s not a thing that needs to be talked about,” he said. “We all know what happened. Now we need to step up. “I love playing basketball. So no matter if it’s for a minute, two minutes, I’m just happy to do it.” Odds are, Antoine will get a legitimate shot Saturday night to help Villanova reach the national championship game. To play meaningful minutes and contribute. After all the injuries, the frustration of watching instead of playing, this could be his opportunity to shine.