Josh Duggar is marking his first birthday behind bars after being convicted of child porn possession last December. The former “19 Kids and Counting” star — who is housed at the Washington County Detention Center in Arkansas — turned 34 on Thursday. “Josh’s birthday will be a sad day,” a family friend told Fox News. “He has children, a wife, he has a family, and he doesn’t get to see them, so his birthday is going to be tough.” It is likely to be his first of many birthdays spent in prison, with the father-of-seven scheduled for sentencing next month. He now faces up to two decades in jail after a jury found him guilty on one count each of receiving and possessing child pornography. However, the anonymous pal said the jailbird will have a harder time missing out on the birthdays of his kids. Duggar and wife Anna are parents to Mackynzie, 12, Michael, 10, Marcus, 8, Meredith, 6, Mason, 4, Maryella, 2, and Madyson, four months. “I wouldn’t say he’d be centered upon himself. He’s going to miss the opportunities to spend with them,'” the friend said. “Every day has got to be tough. That’s going to be part of what he has to go through as he goes through this.” Anna is standing by her man, and her strong Christian faith is a balm for both her and her incarcerated hubby. “I know the family and their faith is what will get them through anything, period. Even if they don’t like what he did or what he was accused and charged with and found guilty of, they’ll always stay by him,” the friend continued. Duggar was arrested in April of last year on charges of receiving and possessing explicit images of children found on his work computer at a car dealership. During his December trial, Duggar’s defense argued that someone else had downloaded the child porn that was discovered on his device. His attorney, Justin Gilfand, went as far as calling the case “a classic, old fashioned whodunit.” However, during the trial, jurors also heard from a DOJ agent who alleged Duggar downloaded a horrific video showing a “3-month-old baby being tortured and sexually abused.” The reality star was ultimately convicted on both counts with which he was charged.