“This is why I get emotional . . . You’re a person that is so much more than your race and gender . . . You are worthy. You are a great American.” – Sen. Cory Booker, tearing up at Ketanji Brown Jackson’s hearing, Mar 21We say: Booker must think Supreme Court confirmation hearings are auditions for an Academy Award. He actually teared up Monday on camera, triggering Judge Jackson to weep, too, as he praised her accomplishments. A pattern? At Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing in 2018, Booker played martyr, announcing, “This is probably the closest I’ll get to an ‘I am Spartacus’ moment,” for supposedly releasing classified documents. (Never mind that the docs were largely irrelevant — and had already been declassified in any case.) We say: Sorry, but the WaPo’s excuses for burying the New York Post’s 2020 stories off Hunter Biden’s laptop don’t fly. Writer Philip Bump claims circumstances, particularly Russian hackers’ theft of Democratic National Committee documents in 2016 to hurt Hillary Clinton, made the media cautious about their sources (and never mind that the docs were totally legit). Sure, the media regretted any harm they may have done to Hillary, but they spent the next four years throwing caution to the wind, basing countless false stories on anonymous sources to tar Donald Trump and spread the Russia hoax. Then, when The Post’s story seemed potentially harmful to Joe Biden, “caution” made a sudden comeback. (Our story, by the way, was also 100% true — as even The New York Times finally admitted.) We say: The far-left Nation magazine wants you to think that it’s court costs and cash bail that fuel crime. Can anything be more backward? It’s crimes that lead to court costs, not the other way around: Don’t do the crime, and you won’t find yourself in court having to pay a fee (often waived, in any case) or looking to scrounge up bail money (which is returned if you show up for court). We say: Many on the left, like MSNBC’s Lawrence O’Donnell, are outraged that Sen. Lindsey Graham asked Supreme Court nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson about her religion, noting (as she did herself) that the Constitution bans religious tests for government office. Yet the left focused intensely on Amy Coney Barrett’s religious background when she was nominated to the high court. (Which, in fact, was Graham’s point.) – Compiled by The Post Editorial Board