At Saks Fifth Avenue, we’re all family. The Post agrees with this sentiment, too, which is why we are sharing this news with you all. Starting today and running through March 29, Saks Fifth Avenue is hosting their highly anticipated Friends & Family Sale, offering 25% off amazing designer finds you won’t get elsewhere. The sale does span clothing for men and women, as well as offer customers additional savings of 20% on jewelry and 10% on beauty. For more details, check out the full scoop here, but just know that code BEAUTY10 is needed at checkout for the latter. Back to the fashion news, hold on to your hat — or better yet, buy a new one — as these brands are amazing and not typically on sale. To help you narrow your shopping search, we did handpick some standout brands, but do browse the entire site and leave no designer coat or blouse unseen, as you never know what hidden gems Saks has in store. For stunning separates and dresses that scream summer, check out Alice + Olivia during the sale. We love these pink Donald High-Rise Shorts for spring, and suggest pairing them with this cute satin cami or a super fun statement shirt like the Marsha Stace Face Cropped Polo Shirt. We have a theory that you are in need of some more back-to-work clothes but don’t want to break the bank. That’s where Theory comes in, now on sale for 25% off. Shop the whole brand, paying special attention to work must-haves like this High-Neck Sheath Dress and this Oversized Pocket Jacket. Do you fancy a good deal? For those that want to add frills and flair to their spring wardrobe, LoveShackFancy is for you. The collection spans dresses, skirts and tops, including bestsellers like the fun and flirty Rena Floral Ruffle Dress or the dainty Harlyn Lace-Trimmed Floral Midi Dress. For stunning silks and enviable embroidery, check out Johnny Was. This designer is one of many that is on sale as part of the Friends & Family event, but stands out as a must-have for spring and summer due to the bright colors and flowing fabrics. Check out the Dreamer Bandeau One-Piece Swimsuit or the Barcelona One-Piece Swimsuit for a day at the beach or pool, and then change into the bestselling Caitlyn Silk Slip Dress for a night out. Start gala season off with a bang by rocking Badgley Mischka dresses and gowns. The brand is known for statement dresses and Saks Fifth Avenue has them all, ranging from a red carpet-ready Origami Sleeve Gown to a more casual day look with the Off-The-Shoulder Hi-Lo Hem Dress. For the dapper man headed back to the office, Canali is the way to go. The menswear brand has plenty of basics, but be sure to check out the brightly-colored button-up shirts like the Tropical Floral Print Shirt and the Graffiti Button-Front Shirt to start. Every man needs a great pair of jeans… and a jean jacket, too. Hudson Jeans is a brand for both, now 25% off as part of the Friends & Family sale. Start with some jeans, in a classic light wash with the Hudson x Brandon Williams Jack Kick Flare Jeans or in a cool cut with the Blinder Biker V2 Skinny Jeans. Throw your closet a bone with new styles from rag & bone. The brand is great for laid back basics with a high-class style, as seen in the Interlock Polo and the Fit 2 Slim Jeans, that also happen to look great paired together. For elevated streetwear with an edge, look to Diesel to get started. The menswear brand has everything from slacks and shirts to comfortable hoodies and trendy joggers, leaving it up to you to fill your cart. Check out these Diesel x Diesel Coated Pants for a fun new take on slacks and then pair them with a cool Ribal Crewneck Sweatshirt. Amp up your street style with the help of G-Star Raw. The men’s line is a great place to stock up on graphic tees and jeans, all with an added element of style. The Colorblocked Logo Cotton T-Shirt is a great basic, and then be sure to get both the top and bottom of this tracksuit. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.