Immanuel Quickley got a lot of hype in his rookie year. His turnaround from a sophomore-jinxed start to this second-year revival as a point guard hasn’t been glamorized because of the Knicks’ losing season. But it’s real. And Quickley is showing he certainly could be a solid backup point guard at the least. Last season, playing off the ball, Quickley shone as a microwave scorer, ace free-throw shooter and 3-point menace. Quickley’s two plays in the final 23 seconds of Monday’s 109-104 victory over the Bulls on Monday weren’t about points or shooting. The game-sealing 3-pointer by Alec Burks was set up by the Knicks backup point guard. Quickley drove down the right of the lane, jumped in the air and fired a perfect bullet pass to Burks in the left corner. Burks drilled the catch-and-shoot 3 for a four-point game-breaking lead. On the ensuing possession, Quickley drew a charge on Bulls star DeMar DeRozan to end matters and give the Knicks their fourth straight win. Quickley appeared on the MSG Networks’ postgame show but wasn’t asked specifically about the pass. Instead, he talked about his new comfort level running the point. “Man, hours of film, so much film, seeing where I can be better and watching other great players and trying to learn as much as I can,’’ Quickley said. “I come in with an open mindset to get better. Guys around me are helping me and so are the coaches. It’s a great system we got.’’ The last time Quickley spoke to the media, after he willed the win in Miami on Friday night, he said it wasn’t necessarily a fact he got off to a rough start. “That’s another opinion,’’ Quickley said. “You might say that it started slow for me. I know my shot wasn’t falling as much as I’m used to it, but I feel like I was playing good. I was making reads. I was playing defense.’’ Quickley scored 20 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter of the Miami thriller. And he keeps on producing off the bench. In the past 18 games, Quickley, averaging 10.6 points, has shot 42.5 percent from 3-point range. That’s lifted his average to a still-modest 34.5 percent. In Tom Thibodeau’s estimation, drawing fouls was his calling card last season and that’s happening again since after the All-Star break. Quickly was a master at drawing contact his rookie year in what the NBA has referred to as “non-basketball moves.’’ The referees have cracked down on calling those fouls and that hurt Quickley. However, Quickley recently is getting every kind of call. “Quick, he’s herky-jerky going into his shooting motion,’’ Thibodeau said. “He was that way in college. That’s the way I liked how he played in the college game. He had that ability and free throws are very valuable. He’s a guy who helped you get into the bonus quickly, no pun intended. There was an adjustment period. He wasn’t getting the benefit of the doubt of those calls but then he’s found different ways to draw fouls. Good players do that.” SG Quentin Grimes is listed as out versus the Hornets on Wednesday with a sore right knee. That’s the third straight game Grimes will miss after coming back recently from a dislocated right knee.