If you want to move to Wyoming but can’t quite afford Kanye West’s $11-million dollar ranch, don’t worry. A weird and wonderful compound in the Cowboy State just hit the market for a mere $2.6 million. Just kidding — because that’s still serious chunk of change given that the average home in Wyoming costs $303,000, according to Zillow. But there’s nothing average about 1470 S. Robertson Rd. in the town of Casper. For starters, the owners converted a trucking company’s headquarters into curious-looking living quarters. In unofficial architectural terms, it’s tres redneck-chic. The four-bedroom, two-bathroom, 5,000-square-foot single-story home includes a soundproof game room, a fireproof room and a prepper-approved storage room. The building is constructed of a hodgepodge of wood, concrete and metal siding. Inside, there are parquet floors and office-style drop ceilings with fluorescent lighting. But in lieu of cubicles and copy machines, the owners – who appear to appreciate a good Coke-sign-meets-Elvis-memorabilia aesthetic – decorated their digs with tool chests and taxidermy. Unfortunately, the dead animals don’t come with, not even for $2.6 million. But don’t be shooketh by the steep price. This is an income-producing property on steroids. The 58-acre lot comes with two established businesses: a livestock motel and storage units. Each of the livestock motel’s 45 paddocks rent for at least $125 apiece. The 36 storage units rent for $85 to $125 each. It’s only been on the market for a month but co-listing agents, Alisha Collins and Lindsey Svejkovsky-Harden, have already had a few bites. “Interest has ranged from investors to local rodeo families and other business entrepreneurs,” said Collins who calls it a “one-of-a-kind property.” She says after 28 years of living here, the current owners are choosing to downsize. In fact, they’re getting rid of so many belongings, it’s almost alarming. The buyer will also score semi-trailer storage, three sheds, multiple hay barns and an 8-foot by 12-foot steel oil field dog house (for drillers, not Fido). But wait: there’s more! They’ll also inherit three John Deere tractors, two trucks and endless extras the listing describes as “solar lighting, antique wagons, playground equipment and so much more.” Between the storage units and all the bells and whistles that come with it, it’s basically a hoarder’s dream home and Marie Kondo’s worst nightmare.