The honeymoon has officially started for Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his new bride, Brittany Matthews. Days after the couple tied the knot in Hawaii, where they were joined by family and friends, Mahomes and Matthews, both 26, appeared to be aboard a private plane Tuesday as they jetted off to an unknown locale. In videos posted to Matthews’ Instagram Story, she is seen clinking champagne glasses with Mahomes, who also showed off his new wedding band. Mahomes and Matthews swapped vows Saturday in a lavish outdoor ceremony. The Super Bowl-winning quarterback wore a gray suit for the big day while Matthews, the co-owner of the Kansas City Current soccer club, stunned in a custom Versace dress. Matthews called her gown “dress perfection” in a separate Instagram post on Tuesday. Mahomes and Matthews, who have been together since high school, got engaged in September 2020. Mahomes popped the question at Arrowhead Stadium the same day the Chiefs received their Super Bowl rings. “On a day that was meant to celebrate you, you turned it into celebrating us. It’s always us, it’s always you and me. The words you looked into my eyes and said to me at this moment, will NEVER leave my mind! You made this day perfect, you took my entire breath away and I could not have imagined anything better,” Matthews wrote on Instagram at the time. A few weeks after announcing their engagement, Matthews revealed she and Mahomes were expecting their first child together. The couple’s daughter, Sterling Skye, was born in Feb. 2021. Leading up to the wedding weekend, both Mahomes and Matthews enjoyed their own bachelor and bachelorette parties. While the quarterback partied with his Kansas City teammates in Las Vegas, Matthews and her gal pals took off to Miami, where she was joined by Chiefs WAGs Kayla Nicole and Sydni Russell, the significant others of Travis Kelce and impending free agent Tyrann Mathieu, respectively. “The amount of shots taken & sleep not taken this weekend was well worth it. Love these girlies & so thankful for each of them!” Matthews exclaimed in February on Instagram. Although the 2022 NFL season begins Wednesday, it seems Mahomes will be enjoying some R&R with his new bride before officially getting back to work.