Diamonds are forever — and, it turns out, ranch dressing is, too. Hidden Valley has created a manmade diamond out of its famous ranch seasoning, and the novelty jewel is now up for sale on eBay. The Chicago-based condiment company decided to create the 2-carat cut diamond last year, with the process taking five months to complete. “When one of our custom Valentine’s Day bottles was used in a marriage proposal last year, we were inspired,” Deb Crandall, Hidden Valley’s Marketing Director, said of the luscious gem in a press release. “We saw a love of ranch become part of one of life’s most beautiful moments. It made us wonder: How can we make this act of love even more memorable?” The company sought the help of geologist Dean VandenBiesen to make the diamond. In order to do so, VandenBiesen first heated the Hidden Valley dry ranch seasoning to a scorching 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit. “Out of that process, the ranch is transformed into graphite. And graphite is what’s needed to go inside the diamond press in order to transform it into a diamond,” the geologist explained. Once inside the press, the graphite was crushed under 400 tons of pressure for two months, eventually creating the theoretically delicious diamond. The jewel was subsequently polished to perfection before being set in a white-gold band with the initials HVR LVR — for “Hidden Valley Ranch Lover” — engraved on the side. ‘In nature, it would take millions of years to create a diamond. In this case, we’ve created the Hidden Valley Ranch diamond in five months,’ VandenBiesen stated. The company has now put the diamond up for auction on eBay, sparking a furious bidding war between ranch lovers. More than 70 bids have been placed on the item since it was posted for sale on Thursday. As of Friday afternoon, bids have surged above $12,000. Bidding is set to end on March 17, just in time for the winner to potentially pop the question to their ranch-loving lover on National Proposal Day (March 20). Hidden Valley said the money raised will go to the hunger-relief nonprofit Feeding America. Ranch flavoring isn’t the first condiment to be turned into diamonds. Under extreme pressure and temperatures, numerous items containing carbon can be transformed into the jewel. Back in 2014, a German team turned peanut butter into a diamond using heat and pressure in a lab. In 2008, a team of Mexican scientists managed to transform tequila into diamonds by turning tequila into a vapor. The vapor was heated above 1,400 degrees Fahrenheit before being deposited onto stainless steel trays, where they hardened into heat-resistant diamond films.