Joe’s vet hypocrisyYour story on the Biden administration’s plans to close two VA hospitals in New York City is very disturbing (“Two city VA hospitals face closure,” March 10).The planned closures of two hospitals that serve our many brave service members who live in New York fly in the face of President Biden’s State of the Union statements that “Veterans are the backbone and the spine of this country. They’re the best of us.” And that he’s “always believed that we have a sacred obligation to equip those we send to war and care for those and their families when they come home.”This proves that Biden is disingenuous and lies. He says one thing and quietly does something else that spits in the face of our veterans.Where are our senators and representatives (other than Rep. Nicole Malliotakis) fighting for New York veterans?Janice AmitranoStaten Island Schools’ roleI am an educator in Florida (I work at a private school, not public), and I think Miranda Devine is exactly right about the way she characterizes the debate surrounding Florida’s “Parental Rights in Education” bill (its actual title, not the divisive nickname some use instead) (“WH’s vile lies on Fla. ‘gay’ bill,” March 10).The bill, as I read it, seeks to solidify the rights of parents to be their children’s primary educators.I will concede that the wording around what is age-appropriate or meets state standards is vague and confusing, but it’s not enough for me to condemn the bill in its entirety.People say the bill is hateful, and it is their right to hold that opinion. I do not. Our schools do not need to tackle every social issue. There was a time when that was a parent’s job, but now it seems the expectation is for schools to engage in topics that were once reserved for the family dinner table.If parents want to teach their 6-year-old about transgender issues, that is absolutely their right, and no one is trying to strip that away from the parent. But it is also a parent’s right to want to shield their children from those topics, and it doesn’t make them hateful bigots to insist that we pump the brakes just for a few years before delving into such heavy topics.Michael KavanaghPonte Vedra Beach, Fla.Climate realitySurprisingly, I agree with John Kerry’s comments about the mass migration due to the lack of capacity to produce food (“Tone-deaf words on refugees,” March 10).Our rationale is at odds. If the United States and other countries don’t learn to use fossil fuels in conjunction with “greener” energy sources until those sources can sustain life and farming, then there will be mass migration, starvation and climate deaths due to cold and extreme heat.The world is nowhere near ready to go electric. Climate warriors in the US want to destroy us to save the planet, but without the US under smart leadership, the planet will be a much more brutal place.Brian SullivanRockaway ParkHammer horrorStop me when you’ve heard this before: someone is assaulted on the subway, this time with a hammer, and it turns out the suspect has a rap sheet of more than 30 arrests (“Subway hammer victim’s outrage,” March 9).But the excuse we keep getting from our leaders is that this is a mental-health issue, which it’s not. These people are career criminals, who keep getting released to continue on to another victim.How many more victims do there need to be? Wake up.Rob CeroneManhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.