Ex-Hillsong megachurch pastor Carl Lentz is looking worse for the wear — as is his home. Photos emerged this week of both Justin Bieber’s former spiritual advisor and his new house, both appearing to have fallen quite far from grace since the father of three was fired from the church for infidelity in late 2020. The formerly chiseled Christian leader was pictured with long, unkempt curly hair and without his trademark glasses while at an airport ahead of check-in for a Friday morning flight, according to photos first published by The Sun. His wife of nearly two decades, Laura Lentz, also 43, was pictured dropping off Lentz at the airport. Laura was also pictured taking her son to school. Unlike her husband, she appeared much as she did before the scandal turned the pair’s live’s upside down. In addition to the pap shots of the previously celebrity-beloved religious couple, pictures also emerged this week of the Lentz’s new Florida home. The $700,00 three-bedroom south of Tampa was bought in July 2021, according to property records, The Sun first reported. While the open plan property features a wood-burning fireplace, patio, veranda, heated pool, fire pit and main bedroom complete with walk-in closets, ensuite bath with dual sink, glass-enclosed shower and tub, it is still quite a downgrade from the pastors’ previous addresses. Mere days before news of Lentz’s affair broke he managed to sell off his family’s $1.5 million Montclair, New Jersey four-bedroom. The stand-alone house featured four bathrooms, a fireplace and a two-car garage. And even after his infidelity rocked his — and Hillsong’s — worlds, he managed to continue living in the lap of luxury thanks to Tyler Perry: The actor put almost $100,000 toward the Lentz family’s rent in a decadent Los Angeles mansion, Page Six reported in Dec. 2020. On her Instagram, Laura has posted numerous photos and videos of herself doing work on the home, and is now branding herself as an interior designer. The photos of Lentz and his current address come just weeks before Discovery Plus is set to release “Hillsong: A Megachurch Exposed,” a three-part docuseries on the controversial congregation.