We could all benefit from a better night’s sleep. Many of us have tried numerous things to improve the quality of our rest, from including certain foods that can provide a good snooze (walnuts, anyone?) to fixing our nighttime routines. But have you thought about looking into an app for that? Whether you toss and turn or just have a tough time drifting off when you climb into bed, Restflix can help. This restful sleep streaming app uses proven scientific techniques to help you relax and recharge, and subscriptions are on sale right in time to help you with any sleep disruptions during Daylight Saving Time. Find the right type for your needs — from a one-year subscription for $29.99 (50% off), a three-year subscription for $59.99 (66% off), or a lifetime subscription for $99.99 (83% off). Restflix takes the power of binaural beats, a proven and exciting technology that helps you relax and get the rest you need by altering your brain’s degree of arousal. Yep, simply by using sounds, this app can get your brain on board with drifting off. And there are various options to pick from, too, with ten live channels filled with choices like sleep meditations, calming visuals, or even a comforting bedtime story. All of these use binaural beats and help get you into a meditative, restful state, right in time for the jarring time change that the spring brings. You can use Restflix on major platforms like Apple TV, iOS, Roku, Android, or Fire TV. And the subscription gives you unlimited access to content that includes new updates every week, all without dealing with annoying ads. See why Livestrong named Restflix the “Best Sleep App to Drift Off To” and why it scored 4.5 stars on the App Store. CNN raved, “Whether you’re looking for nature sounds as white noise, relaxing music paired with dimly lit videos, or a soothing voice that reads you stories and meditations, Restflix has you covered.” Restflix is ready to help you sleep soundly through the Daylight Saving Time transition and beyond. Get a one-year subscription for $29.99 (50% off), a three-year subscription for $59.99 (66% off), or a lifetime subscription for $99.99 (83% off). Prices subject to change.