Britney Spears’ former Beverly Hills mansion, where she lived during her most challenging years before her triumphant rebound from her conservatorship in 2021, is back on the market for $6.69 million only a year after it sold, The Post can report. Spears, 40, lived in the home from 2007 to 2012, the years when she was caught in a heap of controversy — including when she was seen driving with her son on her lap and going into a drug treatment center. It was also during this time that she finalized her divorce, lost custody of her two children and was placed under what would be a 13-year conservatorship. A month after she moved into the six-bedroom abode, she famously shaved her head during a meltdown in 2007. Initially purchasing the Mediterranean Villa-style abode for $7.15 million on Jan. 15, 2007, the “Oops I Did It Again” singer weirdly listed the estate a month later — and a week prior to her meltdown, on Feb. 7, 2007. And it seems Spears was eager to sell it in any way possible. The 7,400-square-foot property would glide on and off the market for years until it finally sold for $4.25 million in 2012 — almost $3 million less than what she paid for it. At one point, Spears was so desperate to unload the property, she had it on the market for $2.99 million. As The Post previously reported, it most recently sold last year, on Feb. 8, 2021, for $6.1 million. In the past decade since the pop singer said goodbye to the home where she lived out a lot of her traumas, it was listed five different times. Located in the upscale gated neighborhood of The Summit, the listing describes the residence as full of “immaculate architecture and design.” Upon entry is a grand foyer with soaring ceilings and stone floors. Features include a family room, a living room, a chef’s kitchen, a movie theater, an office and separate maids quarters, the listing notes. Pegged as a “private retreat,” each downstairs room opens to the backyard, which features lush landscaping, manicured gardens, a fire pit, and a custom pool and spa. Joshua Altman of Douglas Elliman holds the listing. Meanwhile, the “Toxic” singer is gearing up to leave her 20-acre Thousand Oaks home she has lived in for the past six years. “I’m in the process of buying a new home … It’s time for change!” She wrote in a now-deleted Instagram post. “I’ve been pretty modest about the home I live in now. I know you guys have seen me dance in my living room … But honestly I have three living rooms. Maybe one day I’ll give you guys a tour, but until then here’s the pink sky!”