Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky will speak virtually to both chambers of Congress on Wednesday as the devastating Russian invasion of Ukraine rages on. “The Congress, our country and the world are in awe of the people of Ukraine, who have shown extraordinary courage, resilience and determination in the face of Russia’s unprovoked, vicious, and illegal war,” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) said in a joint statement announcing the virtual address. “As war rages on in Ukraine, it is with great respect and admiration of the Ukrainian people that we invite all Members of the House and Senate to attend a virtual address to the United States Congress delivered by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine on Wednesday March 16th at 9:00am.” The address will be received in the Capitol visitor center congressional auditorium, and only members of Congress will be permitted to attend. Vaccinated members will not have to wear masks, while unvaccinated members will be subject to wearing the face coverings. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with The Post’s live coverage. “Congress remains unwavering in our commitment to supporting Ukraine as they face [Russian President Vladimir] Putin’s cruel and diabolical aggression, and to passing legislation to cripple and isolate the Russian economy as well as deliver humanitarian, security and economic assistance to Ukraine,” the Democratic leaders said. Zelensky’s address comes just one week after Congress passed an omnibus spending bill that included $13.6 billion in Ukraine-related aid. Over the last three weeks, the US has hit Russia with various economic sanctions, targeting Russian banks, oligarchs and Putin himself. Most recently, President Biden announced a ban on Russian energy imports — such as oil — and removed the nation’s “most favored nation” trade status following intense bipartisan pressure. This week, the House is expected to take up legislation that would end normal trade relations with Russia. Still, Zelensky has repeatedly urged the US and other Western nations to do more in the fight against Russia — particularly through imposing a no-fly zone. The Biden administration has remained wary of committing to such a move, saying it could lead to direct conflict with Moscow.