He got in one little fight and Hollywood got scared. Comedians across the nation are coming down on Will Smith for tagging Chris Rock with a audible, on-stage slap during the Oscars after Rock made a hair-loss joke about Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, who suffers from alopecia. The caught-on-camera affair — one that prompted the “King Richard” Academy Award winner to yell “keep my wife’s name out your f – – king mouth” to Rock after — was no laughing matter for some of the industry’s best-known jokesters who have since sounded off, condemning the attack. “He could have killed him,” comedy director Judd Apatow wrote in a now-deleted tweet republished by Variety editor-at-large Kate Aurthur. “That’s pure out-of-control rage and violence. They’ve heard a million jokes about them in the last three decades. They are not freshman in the world of Hollywood and comedy,” Apatow added. “He lost his mind.” Comedian Kathy Griffin — who was subject to her own violence-promoting controversy in 2017 after posing with a bloodied and dismembered mannequin of President Donald Trump’s head — also condemned Smith for the unscripted moment of passion. “Let me tell you something, it’s a very bad practice to walk up on stage and physically assault a Comedian. Now we all have to worry about who wants to be the next Will Smith in comedy clubs and theaters,” Griffin tweeted. Rainn Wilson, known for his role on “The Office” as Dwight Schrute, also implied Smith had overreacted in a tweet. “Even Frank Sinatra never hit Don Rickles,” Wilson posted, comparing the incident to that of the late, well-known insult-comedian. Stand-up comic Jeffrey Ross — who suffers from alopecia — rushed to Rock’s defense in a heartfelt Instagram post. “I cried when I saw Smith attack him because I was watching my idol live out a comdeians worst nightmare on life television,” Ross wrote. “Rock should get a Nobel peace prize for keeping his hands down and not escalating the situation. Class act.” “If Jada wasn’t feeling the jokes, Smith should’ve just put his arm around her and let Rock finish. Anyway I also have Alopecia. It sucks. But when people make jokes I laugh because that’s life.” Late night host Jimmy Kimmel too addressed the “unpleasantness” of Smith’s actions in a tweet that boasted a trio of Oscars hosts with Regina Hall, Wanda Sykes and Amy Schumer. “I know the big story is the slap, but congratulations to @amyschumer @iamwandasykes & Regina Hall who were very funny – I hope that isn’t overshadowed by the unpleasantness,” he wrote. Though before the high and mighty tweet, Kimmel — like other comics — used the slap heard around the world for their own punchlines on Twitter. “what was the vegas line on the fresh prince punching little penny in the face?” Kimmel first tweeted. The retired Conan O’Brien also got in on the action, asking “Anyone have a late night show I can borrow just for tomorrow?” Others like Desus Nice, co-host of “Desus & Mero” opined that many are being especially hard on Smith for defending his wife’s honor. “Some of y’all reporting will smith on the citizen app,” he tweeted. And while it seems not everyone hates Chris in this instance, one former “Grown Ups” co-star was bewildered by his choice of words that stirred things up. “Jada, I love you. G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see it,” Rock said, comparing her to the buzz cut, military protagonist played by Demi Moore in 1997. “A GI Jane joke???” David Spade tweeted. Although it has been reported that the duo has since reconciled in wake of the scuff, the Academy Awards announced Monday afternoon that there will be an investigation into Smith’s conduct. “The Academy condemns the actions of Mr. Smith,” said a release from the organization. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law.”