The New Jersey Devils are a team that bettors should keep in their back pocket for the rest of this season and beyond. That may sound a bit odd considering the Devils’ 23-35-5 record and their -35 goal differential, but the numbers suggest that there’s more to Lindy Ruff’s side than meets the eye. New Jersey’s season has gone sideways for a few reasons, but the team’s biggest issue has been subpar goaltending. To date, the Devils have used six goaltenders in 2021/22 and those netminders have combined to post a .885 save percentage, which ranks 31st in a 32-team circuit. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Devils +1.5 (+110) vs. Leafs -1.5 (-135) Moneyline: Devils (+260) vs. Leafs (-350) Total: Over 7 (+105) | Under 7 (-125) The Devils will, in all likelihood, start their seventh different goalie — Andrew Hammond — against the Leafs on Wednesday. The team acquired Hammond from Montreal at the trade deadline to help ease some of the burden in the blue paint for the remainder of the season. Hammond has a 3-0 record and a .920 save percentage in four games this season — his first in the NHL since 2017-18 — so at least the journeyman comes into his debut in good form. And even though a matchup against a dynamic Toronto offense isn’t ideal for a debutante goaltender playing behind a leaky defense, Hammond likely won’t need to stand on his head for the Devils to have a chance to steal two points against a Leafs team that is having its own goaltending crisis at the moment. Toronto has confirmed that Petr Mrazek, who the team waived on Sunday, will be the starter on Wednesday night. Mrazek’s .884 save percentage and -12 Goals Saved Above Expected implies that he has been among the least effective goaltenders in the league this season and his confidence could be fragile considering he was on waivers just a few days ago. Mrazek should have his hands full against the Devils, who rank inside the top-10 in both expected goals and high-danger chances created at 5-on-5. New Jersey is in a tough scheduling spot traveling to Toronto after defeating the Rangers, 7-3, on Tuesday night, but the Devils’ 5-on-5 numbers suggest they are always going to be a tough out, no matter the circumstances. Meanwhile, the Leafs come into this one as a vulnerable favorite with a 10-8-2 record and a -1 goal differential in a 20-game span that shouldn’t have been all that difficult. Given the trajectory of these two teams, there are plenty of reasons to be excited about getting +250 on a team that has all the makings of a live underdog on Wednesday night. Devils +250