TV stands are the anchor to your living room but they have multiple uses other than storing your beloved television, too. They organize your cables, streaming devices, books and home decor. Not only that but they’re a great way to upgrade your space and tap into whatever aesthetic you’re working with. Whether that be traditional, modern, bohemian, abstract, century-modern or anything in between, there’s a TV stand to fit your vibe. With so many options on the market, it can be hard to choose which direction to go in. When your shopping experience starts to get overwhelming (and it often does!), we recommend you stick to one retailer. Our go-to place for just about everything these days? Amazon. Amazon offers a plethora of options for all types of styles and price points. Our list includes 10 great picks for as low as $37! This trendy TV stand has dimensions of 70″ L x 15.5″ W x 20.9″ H and is recommended for TVs up to 60″ and no more than 175 pounds. It’s made from high-grade particle board material that promises to last for years to come. For a more bachelor-pad vibe, go for this Furinno Entertainment stand in black. It also has almost 17,000 Amazon reviews (plus an impressive 4.2-star rating!) and is currently half price. For another masculine TV stand option with a modern design that doubles as a bookshelf, consider the Devaise TV Console. Available in both black and white. For something a bit more traditional and that will make your cords practically invisible, we love the farmhouse-esque Martin Svensson TV stand. If you just moved in with a man and don’t want to overwhelm him with girly furniture, this TV stand is a great option that both genders will enjoy. It has plenty of space to store your home decor, his gaming systems and everything in between. Not only do we love this option for the price tag but also for the simple design. This TV stand can hold TVs as big as 50″ and has almost 12,000 raving reviews — what more could you ask for? If you don’t have a strict budget and enjoy a late-night fire while watching your favorite shows and movies, you probably won’t regret splurging on this hybrid TV stand, electric fireplace duo. If you’re going for a mid-century vibe but don’t want to shell out a ton of money, you can’t go wrong with this chic TV stand that features closed storage and shelves for just $150. This Generic TV stand is far from boring. It features rustic oak wood and plenty of space to hold all of your entertainment essentials. This beautiful TV stand will quickly become the star of the show with its beautiful slatted door design, adjustable shelves and tapered legs which give you extra stability and sturdiness without sacrificing style. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.