Our college basketball betting expert offers his Saint Peter’s Peacocks vs. Purdue Boilermakers predictions and best betting picks for the teams’ Sweet 16 matchup at 7:00 p.m. EST on CBS. No. 15 seed Saint Peter’s looks to make history in a Sweet 16 matchup against No. 3 seed Purdue and its overwhelming offense this Friday. The Peacocks could become the first 15-seed to ever advance to the Elite Eight.   The Peacocks are just the third 15-seed to even make it this far. In 2013, Florida Gulf Coast lost 62-50 in the Sweet 16 and last year Oral Roberts handled the likes of Ohio State and Florida before falling 72-70 to Arkansas. This is Purdue’s fourth Sweet 16 since 2017, but they have lost two of those previous three outings. Kentucky’s absence from the sweet 16 will be a blessing for Purdue, who if they win, face North Carolina or UCLA for a place in the final four.  Over the course of the Peacocks’ 10-game winning streak, Saint Peter’s has owned the inside, only allowing 35.8% of shots to fall. That statistic is the best in the nation and poses a problem that neither Kentucky nor Murray State could conquer. An average height of 6-foot-4, Saint Peter’s isn’t doing it with size. This is the country’s 295th-tallest team per KenPom, but they play with a passion unseen by a team seeded this low. Purdue has top-class talent on all sides of the ball. Jaden Ivey is a likely top-10 draft pick and has averaged 20 PPG in their opening two games of the tournament. As much as I’d love to see another upset, Purdue is no fools and will be very tough to beat. The line is currently at -12.5 Purdue, which is a little large. Saint Peter’s to cover is the play, as they’ll be playing with their hearts on their sleeve with nothing to lose. The Peacocks have a ton of momentum and can keep it within 12 points. Pick: Saint Peter’s (+12.5) to cover Everyone loves a good Cinderella story, especially in College Hoops. Having defeated Kentucky and Murray State to make the Sweet 16 against the Purdue Boilermakers, Saint Peter’s could make NCAA tournament history. St. Peter’s is playing out of its mind right now but has been a below-average offense this season. The Peacocks are shooting 35.1% from downtown but just 46.1% from inside while turning the ball over 20.6% of the time. Sometimes when you play harder than your opponent, good things happen. But ultimately, the Peacocks foul a lot on the defensive end and shoot poorly inside the arc on the offensive end. Purdue is limiting fouls, getting to the line at a high rate, and dominating the offensive and defensive glass. The Peacocks were able to fight hard against Kentucky and Murray State, but I don’t see the Peacocks having any success against Purdue inside the arc. Taking the under here is the play. Purdue will be happy managing the game and keeping Saint Peter’s at bay. Pick: Total Points Under 135.5 @ -110 via BetMGM  Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change.