Billionaire Alexey Kuzmichev, co-founder of the US-sanctioned Alfa-Bank, has listed his quadruplex at the landmarked Atterbury Mansion on the Upper East Side for $41 million. Kuzmichev bought his slice of the seven-story, 33-foot-wide home, located at 33 E. 74th St., in 2016 for $42 million, as we previously reported. His neighbor is Bob Iger, ex-CEO of the Walt Disney Company, who owns the penthouse. At the time, it seemed like a high price, since it wasn’t even for the whole mansion. The stunning residence was built in 1901 by famed architect Grosvenor Atterbury for another banker — Julian Wainwright Robbins and his wife, Sarah, who was the niece of Cornelius Vanderbilt. Later, the mansion was part of a nine-building compound owned by the Whitney Museum of Art that was restored and transformed by developer Daniel Straus. The city granted Straus the right to gut the interiors as long as he retained and restored the landmarked facades. Kuzmichev’s four floors make up 10,088 square feet of neutral grays and creams, along with wide oak plank floors throughout, the listing notes. The condo, which comes with its own internal elevator, opens to an entrance foyer in limestone and plaster, and leads to large entertaining spaces. There’s a large chef’s kitchen, five bedrooms, five baths and three powder rooms. The “parlor” floor boasts 12 inch-plus ceilings, with floor-to-ceiling arched windows, and a large private terrace off the first floor. Kuzmichev also owned a $15.5 million three-bedroom in an adjacent building that he had hoped to combine — but he sold it last year for more than $16 million. The listing broker is Richard J. Steinberg of Compass. He declined to comment. Kuzmichev is worth an estimated $6.1 billion, according to Forbes, but Russia experts tell The Post that he could be worth far more. However, as of Monday, Kuzmichev has stepped down from the board of LetterOne (an international investment business based in Luxembourg), which he co-founded with Mikhail Fridman and Pyotr Aven, following sanctions issued by the EU against Fridman and Aven, according to reports. (The US also sanctioned Alfa-Bank, which is the largest privately owned bank in Russia.) Kuzmichev’s fellow non-sanctioned LetterOne co-founders, German Khan and Andrei Kosogov, resigned with him.