The Timberwolves had too much fun trolling the Lakers on Wednesday night, when Minnesota topped Los Angeles, 124-104. Timberwolves star Patrick Beverley led the trash talk after a swift steal off Lakers guard Russell Westbrook with less than a minute to go in the second quarter. Beverley called Westbrook “trash” after the play stopped on the other end, and appeared to be riled up as Minnesota was up 62-44 before the half. The 33-year-old guard was captured on camera plugging his nose as if he smelled something rotten, all the while continuing to yell “trash.” At one point during the game, Beverley started trolling LeBron James and screamed in his face before playfully hitting him on the side. But James, who had 19 points in the Lakers’ loss, didn’t look amused. Minnesota center Karl-Anthony Towns also joined the LA roast after catching Westbrook’s airball late in the fourth quarter, mockingly turning his head the other way multiple times. Following the Timberwolves’ blowout win, Towns raised a hand towards the Lakers bench and waved goodbye to the struggling squad as they exited the floor. After the Lakers’ third straight loss, James brushed off the trash talk and said “it’s part of the game.” Westbrook, meanwhile, had more to say. “I honestly don’t pay no mind to it, maybe other guys … they weren’t talking to me,” Westbrook said. “They were talking to individual guys particularly, but the trash talk doesn’t bother me none. “Nobody over there has done anything in this league that makes me put my eyes up like, ‘Oh they’re talking, I need to respond.’ No. It’s fine.” The Lakers’ struggles, though, are much bigger than some trash talk. They’ve lost 12 of their past 15 games and are currently in the ninth spot in the Western Conference, just a few weeks out from the start of the play-in tournament. Westbrook’s months-long offensive struggles haven’t helped LA’s case, either. The Lakers are also still missing its star big man in Anthony Davis, who has been out since February after injuring his foot. The Timberwolves, meanwhile, have won nine of their past 10 games, and are seventh in the West. Right now, it’s possible that LA and Minnesota could meet in the play-in round, which begins April 12. 