Prudish NASA has admitted it may have to study sex in space if humanity is ever going to make it to other planets. A growing number of scientists argue it is essential for human survival on long journeys, or moving to Mars as Elon Musk hopes to do by 2050. It’s something the space agency has long shied away from, so we’re completely in the dark about how it might work. “No research has explored intimate relationships, nor the human experience of sexual functions and wellbeing, in space or space analogs, or how any of this can affect crew performance,” Simon Dubé, a psychologist from Concordia University told Mic. After years of avoiding the subject, NASA seems a little more open to the idea but warned it is “not currently seeking proposals or considering a dedicated field or project office on this topic”. “We are primarily concerned with ensuring crew members’ health and safety in space for long periods of time,” a NASA rep said. “Should a future need for more in-depth study on reproductive health in space be identified, NASA would take the appropriate steps.” Scientists say a whole new discipline called “space sexology” needs to be introduced. Bubé and other experts published research last year, saying we’ll need to “learn how to safely reproduce and build pleasurable intimate lives in space”. They are worried about the “detrimentally impact” long travels through space could have on sex-deprived astronauts, with restricted privacy and lack of access to intimate partners. “Love and sex are central to human life,” the group say. “Despite this, national and private space organizations are moving forward with long-term missions to the International Space Station (ISS), the moon and Mars without any concrete research and plans to address human eroticism in space.” Cosmonaut Valery Polyakov spent a staggering 14 months in space in the 90s. The Russian adventurer reportedly grew close with fellow astronaut Elena Kondakova during their time together on the Mir space station. But the pair and Kremlin officials furiously denied the claims that they had stripped off and bonked for all-mankind in the cramped cabin. In his diaries, he mentioned that superiors had suggested he take a sex doll companion to explore the stars with him on the mission – but he said he feared he would grow too attached to the busty inflatable romp-unit. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.