You may live in a historic home, but is it older than the United States of America? In England, a farm property that dates to 1710 has — after all those centuries — finally made its way to the public sales market, asking $3.29 million in today’s US dollars. Mansion Global first reported news of the listing, adding that the property stands in rural Cambridgeshire in the village of Knapwell, 10 miles from the university city of Cambridge. The current owners bought it in 2003 in an apparent off-market deal, having purchased it from members of the family who had owned it since the 18th century. The former working farmhouse, or at least its west wing, has most recently operated as a bed and breakfast with its own entrance and staircase leading upstairs to three bedrooms. The stay has received high reviews, and it has even hosted wedding receptions and a charity gala, the listing notes. Despite being thoroughly renovated, the listing notes that the main home maintains period details. Its images show a stately brick exterior and bespoke sash windows. Modern-day fittings include updated electric and plumbing systems, plus air conditioning and heating — even former stables that now function as a garage with office space. The property spans a roughly 3.5-acre lot, and the main house alone has more than 4,700 square feet of space. Inside, there’s a country-style eat-in kitchen and a glassy solarium that looks to the yard. Also within view from this vantage point is a separate barn that functions as a leisure space. The main house also has a living room with a fireplace and a bay window, along with wide-plank wooden floors. A formal dining area, also with wide-plank wooden flooring, has another fireplace. The dining room additionally leads to a patio and one of the farm’s two ponds. What’s more, the library comes with custom shelving. The floors above house the bedrooms — one of which, the master, has a freestanding tub. In sum, the listing offers seven bedrooms and five bathrooms, and 7,040 total square feet of space. Heidi Davey and Alexander Loveday, of Nest Seekers International, have the listing.