SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Before the Mets played their final game of last season, J.D. Davis said it was a “coin flip” whether he would return or be traded in the offseason. On Thursday, just hours before the lockout ended to signal the start of spring training, the third baseman gave The Post his updated prognostication. “Now it could be say 60-40 out of here, but you never know,” Davis said after a workout at a facility he helped establish in suburban Phoenix. “Baseball is in a situation of bench players, and something like that, three or four lefties and I’m maybe the only righty, so strategically I could see myself back there, but I don’t know. Anything can happen.” Davis, Jeff McNeil and Dominic Smith are the Mets’ prime trade candidates if general manager Billy Eppler decides to go that route in trying to bolster the lineup and pitching staff. The 28-year-old Davis could fit in the DH and third-base mix, but the team also signed infielder Eduardo Escobar in November and has Robinson Cano returning from a season-long PED suspension. Escobar is a switch hitter and Cano bats left-handed. Last season is one Davis would like to purge from his memory: he appeared in only 73 games after tearing a ligament in his left hand in April. Davis missed most of the first half of the season and still dealt with soreness upon his return. Overall, he owned a .285/.384/.436 slash line with five homers and 23 RBIs in 211 plate appearances. Davis underwent surgery on his hand in October and said he’s regained his strength. “There were numerous [times] where I was trying to compensate and kind of put the ball in play, so my mechanics broke down, and I was just trying to get the job done, being a team player,” Davis said. “My power wasn’t there because of the ability to not really control the barrel with my left hand.” The Cubs, Red Sox, Twins and Athletics were among the teams showing some level of interest in Davis before the lockout, according to sources, but it was unclear if the Mets had a match with any of those teams. If Davis remains with the Mets he envisions a role in which he would rotate between third base, DH and the outfield with perhaps an occasional start at first base. Davis said not having the DH last season — it was implemented for pandemic-shortened 2020 — hurt the Mets because of the manner in which the club is constructed. With the lockout ended, Davis will finally get to communicate with manager Buck Showalter. “I have gotten some mixed reviews [on Showalter],” Davis said. “He’s rubbed people the wrong way and he’s rubbed people the right way, but the one thing I have heard from a lot of people is he’s very old school. He’s very approachable, he is good with the guys. He doesn’t take any slack: he wants guys to come in and work and get their stuff done and not be a distraction and go out there and just have fun and play baseball.” Davis then referred to the possibility Mets hitters were overloaded with analytical information last season. “I think that is the biggest thing we have missed as the Mets,” Davis said. “Just the ability to go out and play baseball and [not] being ambushed with so much information.”