TAMPA — Hal Steinbrenner, you are on the clock. Steinbrenner never warmed to the idea of signing Carlos Correa or Freddie Freeman for several reasons, notably concern about having four huge multiyear contracts on the books that would take players well into their 30s. At present, though, the Yankees have just two, with Gerrit Cole and Giancarlo Stanton. In Steinbrenner’s mind, Aaron Judge is going to be the third. That assignment becomes more real time now. The bulk of free agency is over. Even with Gary Sanchez, Gio Urshela and Luke Voit traded, the Yanks still have 11 arbitration eligible players. By 1 p.m. on March 22, the Yankees will have either reached agreements or exchanged figures for a hearing with each. Judge is not just the Yankees’ most interesting case. Either him, Trea Turner (Dodgers) or Juan Soto (Nationals), are in line for the largest one-year deal in this process. MLB Trade Rumors pegged Judge at $17.1 million for 2022. You can expect his reps will ask north of that. And the Yanks will want to avoid what will be an in-season hearing this year because those sessions move teams to criticize players to try to win the case, often fraying relationships. Whether or not Judge and the Yankees reach a one-year deal Tuesday, a source said that Brian Cashman and his staff are preparing a long-term presentation to be delivered to the Judge camp in the next week. Judge has said he will either have an extension by the April 7 opener or won’t negotiate again before declaring free agency in the offseason. Steinbrenner and his front office bristle at commentary that the organization has gone cheap when their payroll projects to a franchise-record $250 million-plus. But failing to extend Judge will only exacerbate the criticism. That could further motivate Steinbrenner to get a deal, and when motivated on a singular target Steinbrenner has gotten to the finish line. He had his mind made up after the 2019 season to land Gerrit Cole, and wound up offering a year, probably two, more than expected on a nine-year, $324 million pact. Last offseason Steinbrenner told his staff he wanted to keep DJ LeMahieu. The sides grinded long into the offseason on a six-year, $90 million pact. Judge cited both of those cases in an interview with The Post, plus noted that Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada had at times contentious extension negotiations, yet played their whole careers for the Yankees. “So like I’ve said, they want to keep me here and I stay here,” Judge said. “But if they don’t, I understand the business, and I have got to make a living, I have got to feed my family, too. You know if it’s playing in other places, I can do that.” I would suspect that the two sides will play this game, acting like they could live without each other before reaching agreement that both want (stick around to the end for my guess at the total). Yet, this is no layup. If the Braves, for example, can move on from Freddie Freeman — as much the face of the franchise as Judge is to the Yankees — due to differing opinions of his value, then no one can be shocked if Judge/Yankees ends in divorce. “I’ve watched free agency all the way back to when I was a kid, being a fan,” Judge said. “You know what teams do? But the past couple years, especially being in the business and being around here, you definitely pay attention. Where are guys going? What kind of contract was [signed] or essentially they didn’t [sign], so you pay attention.” To that end, elite outfielders such as Stanton, Mookie Betts, Bryce Harper and Mike Trout signed contracts that take them at least through age 37. Judge will want no less. But that quartet signed deals at a considerably younger age than Judge, who is entering his age-30 season. Judge has finished second and fourth in AL MVP voting in the two seasons he has played more than 112 games. But those are his only two fully healthy seasons. That gives the Yanks pause about going too long, so does having few precedents to gauge how a player Judge’s size will age. Judge can threaten free agency. Freeman returned to his Southern California roots with the Dodgers. Judge could have his Northern California Giants as a potential landing place, plus would the specter of Steve Cohen keeping him in New York unnerve the Yankees? The Yanks could volley that every team, not just them, will have strict limits due to the age/health concerns plus Judge is risking that more injuries in 2022 could further harm his market. Judge can ask the Yanks if not him, which outfielder in the coming free-agent class can replace him long term: Joey Gallo? Brandon Nimmo? The Yanks could point to Shohei Ohtani, then Soto becoming free in the two classes after that. The Yanks could say if the Braves could hold their offer to Freeman, a year older entering free agency, to five years and ultimately Freeman received six for less than anticipated from the Dodgers, then they can hold the line at five or six years. So what is my guess? The Yanks flinch for a sixth year. That still only takes Judge through his age-35 season, but that a $216.6 million package compels Judge to sign as the highest per annum position player ever ($36.1 million) while eliminating the 2022 injury risk. “I think it’s all supply and demand,” Judge said. “How desperate is a team for something they need.” Which makes me wonder, does Judge think Steinbrenner is so desperate to change the miserly perception that it has to be a seven-year deal or see you in free agency?