Paulina Gretzky’s bachelorette bash, themed “Ps Last D,” was the ultimate VIP experience. On Tuesday, the model — who’s set to marry pro golfer Dustin Johnson sometime this year — shared a photo with her bride tribe posing in front of a private plane before they jetted off to St. Barths last week. Vera Wang, who is believed to have designed Gretzky’s wedding dress, wrote, “Whoa” in the comments. The bride-to-be received a ton of comments from her friends that were on the trip — with one pal writing, “The BEST week celebrating the BEST bride! No regretzkys.” New photos from the beach getaway popped up online this week, showing more moments from Gretzky’s pre-wedding festivities. The model and Co. sported custom hats, courtesy of her best friend Kristina Melnichenko’s Caviilou brand, and pink attire to kick off the trip. Gretzky’s bachelorette crew also included Sam Maddox, the wife of Johnson’s brother and caddy Austin, and Sara Gretzky, the spouse of Gretzky’s brother Ty. “Ps Last D!! The most amazing trip celebrating our queen! Love you,” Maddox captioned one photo on Instagram. The group arrived to a lavish oceanfront residence that was covered in yellow balloons and pink decor — where colorful fruit displays and cocktails were waiting for them. Gretzky gifted her friends with designer swag, that featured Prada bags. The week-long bachelorette festivities included lots of dancing, shots, champagne and a custom drink menu. Gretzky and her party pals enjoyed a number of boozy dinners and outings while dressed to impress at celeb hotspots in St. Barths — including Nikki Beach, Bagatelle and French restaurant, Le Ti, according to Instagram posts. Gretzky wore bridal white in a number of photos, while the group donned sparkling numbers, mini dresses and coordinated pink looks. Johnson was also in St. Barts for his bachelor party, according to The Daily Mail. Jeremy Cohen, who was also present in Gretzky’s photos, shared a video of the golfer doing a backflip off a boat. Gretzky and Johnson, who got engaged in 2013, are set to tie the knot at Blackberry Farm in Tennessee. They have not yet revealed their wedding date. The golfer and model share two young sons — Tatum, 7, and River, 4.