Ariel Winter’s new TV gig will serve as the former child star’s official transition into an adult starring role. The “Modern Family” alum, 24, has scored the lead role in Demi Lovato’s upcoming NBC sitcom “Hungry.” Lovato, 29, was set to star in and produce the comedy series, but they had to step down from the show due to scheduling conflicts. The “Cool for the Summer” singer will still executive produce alongside their manager, Scooter Braun. The multi-cam production is penned by “Hot In Cleveland” screenwriter Suzanne Martin and will be directed by TV directing legend James Burrows (“Cheers,” “Friends”). “Hungry” chronicles a group of friends who attend a food issue support group and help each other as they look for love, success and the perfect thing in the fridge that’s going to make it all better. Valerie Bertinelli, Gabriel “Fluffy” Iglesias, Ryan McPartlin, Anna Akana and Ashley D. Kelley have been tapped to co-star. The former Disney Channel star’s project was first announced in January 2021. Veteran sitcom star and Food Network chef Bertinelli, 61, was previously spotted filming a scrapped version of the “Hungry” pilot in Central Park back in July 2021. Winter takes over for Lovato as Teddy, a food stylist who is trying to have a healthy relationship with food while dating men. Bertinelli plays Teddy’s mom, Lisa, who is a restaurant owner and has had her own issues with weight. The part marks a comeback for the former “Modern Family” child star. Winter went through a battle with depression, her own public weight loss and several high-profile hair color changes after a battle to gain control over her career with her former momager, who she claims “sexualized” her as a child. Meanwhile, the show seemed a suitable fit for Lovato, as they have openly discussed struggling with body image issues and eating disorders in the past. Lovato has coped with anorexia and bulimia throughout their career and has been focused on body positivity in recent years. In their 2017 YouTube documentary “Simply Complicated,” Lovato discussed how food was “the biggest challenge in my life” and they opened up about their eating issues. “When I was in a relationship with Wilmer [Valderrama] I went three years without purging and when we broke up, that’s one of the first things I did,” they said in the special at the time. “The less I have to think about food, the easier it is to go about having a normal life and I don’t want to let anybody down so when I do have moments when I slip up, I feel very ashamed.” Lovato added that their relapse occurred when they started to miss their ex. “And when I feel lonely, my heart feels hungry and I end up bingeing,” the “Dancing With the Devil” singer continued. Their problems with food started to occur during childhood, they explained, with the bingeing beginning at 8 years old after their younger sister was born.