What a Fenty phony! Rihanna worshipers were savagely bamboozled by a dead-ringer doppelgänger who, while flanked by an army of bodyguards, posed as the pregnant Fenty Beauty billionaire in Brazil over the weekend. “A fake Rihanna in Brazil with security guards and even taking selfies with fans,” laughed a stunned fan on Twitter. The viral tweet was accompanied by a now-trending clip of the RiRi imposter — who’s believed to be Brazilian internet influencer Priscila Beatrice — snapping selfies with swarms of weeping fans, welcoming strangers in the crowd to kiss her bulging belly and speaking fluent Portuguese during an impromptu interview with a local media outlet. In 2020, the professional impersonator scored a staggering 6.2 million views on TikTok with a video of herself dressed as the 34-year-old megastar, née Robyn Rihanna Fenty, and lip-syncing her smash hit “The Monster.” The popular post eventually made its way onto the Instagram-based celebrity news site The Shade Room, where Rihanna jokingly commented, “Where the album sis? #R9” — referring to the repeated requests for her long-awaited ninth studio album. Neither Beatrice nor representatives for Rihanna immediately responded to The Post’s requests for comment. But while her most recent faux Fenty flex fooled the flock of screaming buffs in Brazil, fans stateside were starkly unconvinced. “There’s a lady pretending to be pregnant Rihanna in Brazil?!!! People are sick! Very weird. Whyyyyy does she actually have security though?? I mean she does resemble her but this is beyond strange,” tweeted an admirer of the Grammy Award-winner. “I would’ve pushed her a– like b- – – -h who are u????” barked another, whose video-tweet of the Rihanna fraud fetched more than 5.2 million views. Others digitally scolded the victims of the swindle, insisting that the real “Umbrella” songstress wouldn’t allow folks to freely fondle her growing baby bump. “I mean come on y’all…you think Robyn Rihanna Fenty would let some random woman off the street… rub her belly?” questioned a fan. “Rihanna would rather eat rusty nails than to let some stranger kiss her pregnant belly,” agreed another. And if the Barbados-born singer’s uncanny openness to belly rubs wasn’t clue enough, online fans noted that the imposter’s ability to speak perfect Portuguese should have been a clear sign that she, in fact, was not the real Rihanna — who is publicly known for only being fluent in English and Bajan Creole. “The idea of Rihanna speaking perfect Portuguese out of no where is KILLING me,” chuckled a commenter on Twitter. “Now I know they ain’t think Rihanna just upped and learned Portuguese,” another chimed in.