Maybe you want to embrace your inner innkeeper — like the current owner — and manage a bed and breakfast. Or perhaps you opted for the cheaper-by-the-dozen route — like the original owner — and choose to have enough children for a family football team. Either way, this historic six-bedroom, seven-bathroom property in Hudson, New York, could be just what you’re looking for. All you need is $1 million. With its street-facing Italianate tower and multi-colored slate mansard roof, 326-328 Allen St. has been swiveling heads since 1865. It was built by Joshua T. Waterman, the beloved four-time mayor of Hudson. The small city is situated along the Hudson River, just two hours north of New York City. According to the Times Union, Waterman lived in the 4,825-square-foot home with his wife and their 12, yes 12, children. Literal highlights include 11-foot-tall ceilings on the first floor and what the listing refers to as one of the only accessible widow’s walks in the city. “It’s the only one I’ve seen on the market in the last decade,” said Andrew Gates, the Houlihan Lawrence broker representing the property. “The house is loaded with original details including the ornately carved lions’ head doors, spectacular crown molding and floor-to-ceiling windows.” More recently, the home — which comes with an accessory apartment — has been known as the Hudson City Bed & Breakfast. On Booking.com, it has a 9.4-star average rating. One September review called the home charming and lovely. Albeit, it did point out the need for some minor structural repairs. “The bathroom door didn’t fully close without first scraping along the floor,” writes the guest. Still, they gave it a full 10 stars. After successfully running the Hudson City Bed & Breakfast for nearly two decades, current owner Barry Butterfield says it’s time to downsize. In a way, it’s the end of an era. “His waffles are legendary,” noted Gates (and many of the reviews). While the house is being sold completely furnished, rumor has it Butterfield is taking his recipe book with him.