Awe, shoot. Is it time to invest in a new camera already? Whether your shutter speeds have been feeling slow, you have a trip coming up that you want to document with a better lens than an iPhone camera or you want to invest in a nicer option than a simple point-and-shoot — you’ve clicked on the right article. Shutterbugs and amateur photographers alike can benefit from using a DSLR camera. The acronym stands for digital single-lens reflex, which is a type of digital camera that allows for the user to change the lenses depending on their photography needs. Picture a close-up lens for portraits, a long lens for nature photography and more. It also does have a mirror feature, unlike a mirrorless camera, that reflects the image back to you in the viewfinder to help get that perfect shot. Unlike a point-and-shoot camera, you’ll want to do your research to find the best model that fits your needs. Or, rather, have us do the research and you read. We narrowed our search to bestselling options on Amazon, as there are hundreds of other tech shops out there and Amazon does a great job with brand variety while keeping the actual checkout process simple and streamlined. Read on for all the best options Amazon has to offer, including Canon, Sony, Nikon and more. Feel like a rebel? The Canon Rebel line is a go-to for many amateur and professionals alike, as they boast a lightweight body and have an interchangeable lens. The Rebel T7 sold on Amazon comes with the 18-55mm zoom lens, letting you shoot both close and far away with ease. It also has built-in WiFi and remote shooting, plus over 1,700 reviews and a 4.5 star average rating. For a different Canon option with a zoom lens bundle, check out the EOS M50 Mark II. The EOS line is another great option, and this one comes with the body and a great starter 15-45mm lens. The coolest part about this camera is the screen, as you can flip it out to live stream and record video, letting you see exactly what you are shooting. The camera is an Amazon Choice ranked product, now with a 4.7 out of five star rating and almost 650 reviews. If speed is what you’re into, the Canon EOS 90D model has your back. The DSLR camera body is great for photographers and videographers, too, shooting with a 32.5 Megapixel CMOS sensor, a DIGIC 8 Image Processor and video in 4K 30p. It also has a touch screen on the back and an impressive 4.8 star rating out of five. For Nikon lovers, we have a few options for you, too. This D7500 model comes with the body and a 18-140mm lens, packing a punch when it comes to image quality and specs. It is an Amazon Choice pick, with a 4.8 star average rating and almost 1,000 reviews. Other key features are the IOS range and 4K Ultra HD and 1080p Full HD video abilities, making this great for both photo and video. Longer lens? No problem. For a great DSLR camera that comes with not one but two lenses, check out this bundle. The Nikon D3500 comes with an 18-55mm lens for both close up and normal range shots, plus a 70-300mm telephoto zoom lens that shoots from a far, great for nature photography, live events and more. This Sony camera really is the alpha dog. The Alpha a7 DSLR comes with the high-powered body, plus your choice of lens from the Amazon options listed, including both fixed lenses and zoom options. It uses a full-frame sensor and also comes with built-in image stabilization, making it an “Amazon Choice” product, with a 4.6 average star rating. For snapping pics rain or shine, this camera body is one of the best. The Pentax brand DSLR is a weather-proofed option, that is also dust-proof and equipped with in-body “SR” shake reduction mechanism for clear and crisp images. It is an “Amazon Choice” camera as well, with a 4.6 star average and some glowing reviews from happy photographers. If the Gods used a DSLR camera, it may as well have been this one. The Olympus brand DSLR is a great option for those wanting to shoot in all weather conditions and in a sleek and stealthy way. The body comes fully dust-proof, slash-proof, freeze-proof and weather sealed, plus the shutter is silent when shooting continuously — perfect for nature shots of easily spooked wildlife. It also has a 4.8 star average rating, should you need more convincing. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.