A Welsh toddler who was feared to never walk again after a horrifying car accident recently took her first steps, which were captured in a heartwarming recovery video. The brave little girl, Alice Polinska, 1, was seen smiling and striding again next to a black-furred puppy inside of a UK hospital earlier in March. The joyful progress follows some of the most trying times her family has ever gone through. In December, Polinksa suffered a broken spine between the first and second vertebrae in her neck after a suspected high driver crashed directly into her mother’s car at 110 miles per hour in Merthyr Tydfil, according to the Daily Mail. “It’s been the worst three months of our family’s life, particularly as we’ve had to spend so much time apart at a time when all we want to do is be together,” Alice’s mother, Magda Polinksa, said. “But there have been so many miracles too. We’ve heard so many times how lucky we all were to be alive after an accident like that and even more so that Alice survived such a terrible spinal injury.” At the time, it was feared that little Alice would never walk again due to the spinal damage that particularly affected the left side of her body. She also was unable to breathe on her own and had to undergo a tracheostomy surgery to have oxygen flow through a tube in her neck. Sadly, that was just the beginning of Alice’s nightmare. Doctors told her family that a risky surgery where rods would be put into her back was in order if there were hopes of Alice recovering from the accident, according to her mother. “They had told my husband and I that the operation was extremely risky but we knew that if Alice was to have any hope at all of a normal life, this was the only option,” Polinksa said. “By signing that piece of paper we were giving our consent to an operation that our daughter might never come back from. It is by far the most difficult thing I have ever done in my life,” she added, mentioning “the list the surgeon had written of the awful things that could happen was so long that it almost went off the page.” Instead of the worst, a medical miracle prevailed for Alice. “I was so terrified that Alice would be paralyzed when this first happened, but the physio team came every day, building both my confidence and Alice’s until she was able to sit and even stand again,” Polinksa said of the weeks leading up to her daughter regaining the ability to walk. As part of her recovery, Alice uses a red button with the word “mama” on it to call for her mother, according to Noah’s Ark Children’s Hospital Charity. Using it has been healthy exercise for Alice’s left arm, which was also feared to never move again. In defiance of the odds, Alice is on her way back to living life like a normal little girl.