TikTok star Francesco LoPresti has died at age 24 following a seven-year battle with testicular cancer. The popular content creator — who boasted more than 700,000 followers — passed away on Monday, March 21, after entering hospice care. The tragic news was publicly announced on Wednesday by LoPresti’s longtime girlfriend, fellow TikTok star Kaitlin Reagan, who took to the social media site to pay tearful tribute to her beau. “It was really hard to make this video,” Reagan told her 3 million followers. “That’s why it’s been a while since … It’s been a week since he hasn’t been here. But you guys deserve to know he loved you guys so much, and he loved everything that you guys did for him and just watching our videos and standing with us. And I thank you for that.” In a caption, the 23-year-old brunette added: “I love you unconditionally and I feel so broken … You and I against the world forever. Thank u for a true love story.” LoPresti and Reagan first began dating in 2013, two years before LoPresti was diagnosed with Stage 3B testicular cancer at age 17, according to the couple’s website. The cancer subsequently “metastasized into multiple tumors surrounding his lymph nodes, neck, liver, spinal cord and right hip.” However, the couple became bona fide stars on TikTok, garnering millions of fans who followed their love story and LoPresti’s cancer battle. This year, a usually prolific LoPresti shared just two videos on TikTok — both of which showed him looking pale and gaunt. In his final video, uploaded Feb. 18, he is seen wearing a beanie to cover up his head after losing his hair due to chemotherapy treatments. Reagan told her followers that LoPresti’s condition took a turn for the worse earlier this month, and he had been admitted to a hospice. On March 17, just four days before his death, Reagan appeared in another TikTok video with LoPresti’s parents, asking followers to pray for the gravely ill young man. Fans have been left heartbroken by the news of LoPresti’s untimely passing, flocking to the comments section beneath Reagan’s most recent video to express their sadness. “I was praying that this video would never come. I am so sorry,” one devastated viewer wrote. “We won’t forget him,” another vowed. “We love you both, and our hearts are grieving with you. Francesco will always be by your side.” Reagan — who is a Brooklyn native — appeared on the reality show “Paradise Hotel” in 2019. Earlier this month, she shared a video imploring fans to appreciate every moment they have with their significant others. “I want you to cherish life and love your person with everything you have because you never know what life will throw at you,” she stated.