E-readers will never replace the classic feel of paper pages, nor would we ever want them to. But that doesn’t mean e-readers aren’t incredibly helpful and convenient tools. After all, if you’re a book worm, you totally understand the struggle of running out of space on your bookshelf or lugging around pounds of books on your next vacation. An e-reader is the answer to all of your book-related problems. With a single e-reader, you can access thousands of books, making e-readers the perfect poolside, travel and home companion. Though, e-readers aren’t as cheap as a single book from the market, that makes choosing the right device for you all the more important. To help you find the best e-readers of 2022, we rounded up our all-time favorite options. Brands range from Amazon Kindle, Kobo, Nook and Onyx Boox. To navigate directly to a brand of choice, simply choose an option below. A favorite among many readers is the Kindle. Choose from black or white and enjoy a glare-free display that looks like paper — even when it’s in the sun. Feel like the screen is too bright or too dim? Then simply adjust the brightness. Best of all, a single battery charge will last you weeks instead of the typical hours. Let’s say you’re the kind who likes to write in your books. Or maybe you’re not. Either way, we guarantee you’ll enjoy the ability to highlight passages, look up definitions, adjust text sizes and more. When you purchase a Kindle, you’ll also gain access to over two million eBooks with three free months of Kindle Unlimited (a $30 value). Once your three months are up, your membership will at $9.99 per month. But the Kindle doesn’t start and end with reading. You can also listen to audiobooks with Audible, and we have the perfect roundup here to get your listening journey started. If you love Kindle, you’re going to love the Kindle Paperwhite even more. This model features a 6.8″ display, thinner boarders than before, an adjustable warm light that’s easy on the eyes, 20% faster page turns and 10 weeks of battery life. We know, it’s insane. If you’re a poolside reader, then things are about to get even better, because the Kindle Paperwhite is waterproof. So go ahead and read at the beach, in the bath or in the hot tub. The Kindle Paperwhite also features the same great features you know and love from the original Kindle, including Audible accessibility and three free months of Kindle Unlimited. We just had to throw one more Kindle model in, because the Kindle Oasis is too good to pass up on. Yes, it features the iconic paperwhite display, adjustable warm lights and is waterproof. But best of all, the Kindle Oasis includes the latest e-ink technology for the fastest page turns yet. You can also utilize the page turn buttons for an even more seamless approach. Of course, we can’t forget about the compatible Audible features and the three free months of Kindle Unlimited. Barnes & Noble fans, we didn’t forget about your mascot. The Nook is another favorite that allows you to comfortably read day to night. How do we know? Well, the Nook doesn’t feature Night Mode for just any reason. The Nook design is also soft to the touch and allows for easy gripping. The page-turning buttons also lend a hand to a seamless reading experience. Reviewers rave about Kobo, and some even say it’s better than Kindle. Are they right? There’s only on way to find out. But in the mean time, we can tell you that the ComfortLight PRO technology allows for perfect brightness both day and night. With a battery life that lasts weeks, you can also confidently take thousands of books with you on the go. When you begin your e-reading journey, you’ll also unlock perfect paper-like pages and customizable fonts, margins and a built-in dictionary. The Onyx Boox e-reader price point is higher than most, but for good reason. With high definition, stark contrast and fast operating speed, the Onyx Book e-reader stands out from the pack. Best of all, it comes with a built-in browser to allow you to seamlessly surf the web. But let’s say you don’t want to surf the web and all you want to do is read. Well, the Onyx Book e-reader runs with the Android operating system, allowing you to install all of your favorite reading apps and programs. This e-reader also features lighting and brightness control for both bright and dark reading, multi-touch function and an ergonomic case and cover. While the Fire tablet isn’t technically an e-reader, it more than does the trick. Choose from four various color and enjoy a fast quad-core processor and up to seven hours of reading, You can also seamlessly browse the web, watch videos, listen to music and podcasts, utilize Alexa and gain access to both front and rear cameras. Though, it’s important to note that the Fire tablet is less friendly on the eyes considering it isn’t an e-reader. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.