This isn’t exactly good publicity on International Women’s Day. Two male podcasters have been slammed on social media after saying they find women with large incomes less attractive. Tysean Jackson and Ryan Catchings made the controversial comments on their “Hardly Initiated” podcast in an episode recorded with real estate developer Phillip Karaya last week. The trio began talking about men who only date women who make more money than them, causing Catchings to counter that high-earning women were not actually alluring to most men. “I had a woman tell me: ‘I got a good job, I make very, very good money and the only thing I need now is a man,”’ Catchings said. He then shockingly remembered thinking: “But who wants you? Like, who wants you? If you have achieved these things, you have unfortunately disqualified yourself.” Karaya then discussed the concept of hypergamy — where a person dates or marries someone of a higher social status. “Most women date across and up social dominance hierarchies, and men date across and down,” Karaya explained. “So as men rise up, you have nothing but more options. But if women rise up, they have smaller options.” “The guys that are in the same space [with successful careers and high incomes] don’t want that [equally successful woman],” he further theorized. Karaya claimed high-earning women are often “combative and feel like they need to be a boss and all this other stuff.” Jackson concurred, saying women have “fallen out of trust with the masculine” and are now becoming masculine themselves by prioritizing career advancement and attaining independent financial success. “These women are being taught to prioritize their education, their job and their work,” Jackson stated. “Because they have fallen out of trust with the masculine, they have become the f–king masculine.” Meanwhile, in another recent episode, Jackson garnered backlash for saying that women are “usually happier” when they are allowed to “play in the more feminine role.” He claimed women weren’t “designed” to take on dominant roles in society, and that successful women are more likely to be “frustrated as f–k.” The podcasters were slammed on their Instagram account, with one woman writing: “Y’all are so weak! The assumption that high earning women are combative in this day and age is just weak and pathetic.” Another blasted: “Men these days are intimidated by successful women and want us to submit to their … insecurities, lack of motivation, abuse and disrespect just to stroke their ego.” However, others shared support for the podcasters, calling their opinions “valid.” “It’s an ugly truth that women don’t discover until their late 30s after hitting all career achievements,” one man stated. 