Low-scoring games are becoming a comfort zone for the Rangers. That is a testament to the one player who always gives the Rangers a chance to win, keeps the team in it when things are about to go awry and has a calming effect on the rest of the lineup. The player whose name has become synonymous with the Rangers: goaltender Igor Shesterkin. Buoying the Rangers to a 3-1 win over the Devils on Friday night at the Garden, Shesterkin made 32 saves in another spectacular performance between the pipes to further add to his ever-growing case for the Hart Trophy. Yes, the MVP award. Forget the Vezina Trophy, for which Shesterkin has been the runaway frontrunner for much of the season. But at the rate he’s going, Shesterkin could backstop the Rangers to a high seed in the playoffs and then some. “He’s been great, he continues to be great,” said defenseman Jacob Trouba, who assisted on Mika Zibanejad’s first-period goal. “Obviously, you want to rely on him less. But whenever we’ve needed him, he’s been there. All year, it seems.” Added center Filip Chytil, who scored the game-winner in the second period: “We’re happy we have Igor in the net because he’s unbelievable, he’s out of this world. It’s incredible what he’s doing every night with his play.” Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. The Rangers limited their brazen cross-river rivals to a single goal after the Devils had scored three or more times in their previous five games, including three matchups in which they recorded five or more tallies. The Devils certainly had some high-danger looks, but Shesterkin was in their line of vision more often than not. Coach Gerard Gallant admitted there have been “too many nights” on which the Russian netminder has had to carry the Rangers to victory. Shesterkin, who picked up his 27th win of the season, kept the Rangers afloat through two shorthanded stretches in the first period and another in the third, but the 26-year-old — to no one’s surprise — made big stops all night. It allowed the Rangers’ goal-per-period performance to be enough, with Chris Kreider’s 36th goal of the season sealing the deal at 11:23 of the third period. To set the tone, Shesterkin denied Nico Hischier twice on a breakaway in the first period. He then caught a wrister from Jack Hughes during the Devils’ first power play and another shot from Tomas Tatar later in the period. Shesterkin gloved down a P.K. Subban snipe from the slot in the second period, igniting chants of his name. The star netminder then came out to contest Ryan Graves as the Devils defenseman made a move to the net at 18:27 of the period. Shesterkin’s helmet popped off, but the Rangers maintained the lead. “I just thought we could’ve been better in a lot of areas,” Gallant said. “That’s the biggest thing for me. They created stuff, their power play looked really good, their young kids are moving the puck good. I just think we look flat at times and then we look good at times. “I hate to critique a win, but I know we can better than that. And Shesky was outstanding.” Shesterkin has naturally been a frontrunner for the Vezina, the top goaltending award, all season long, but he is suddenly in the middle of the conversation for the Hart, an honor just seven goalies have won, most recently the Canadiens’ Carey Price in 2015. To go along with all his other milestones this season, Shesterkin earned his 16th home win of the season through 20 appearances to set a new franchise record on Friday. And there are going to be more where that came from.