Last month as Steven Seagal’s pal, Russian Pres. Vladimir Putin was planning an attack on Ukraine, the actor and martial artist was finalizing the sale of his nearly 20-year-owned Northern California ranch. Known as Lava Lakes Nature Preserve Ranch, Seagal, 68, purchased a 5,300-acre plot of land in Montague — which borders the Oregon state line — in May 2003. Over the years, Seagal, who referred to Putin “as a brother,” built a 14,000-square-foot main home on the land made from Tennessee white pine, a second 4,200-square-foot residence, a guest house and several barns and corrals. He initially listed the ranch back in 2014 for $12 million. This past November, he relisted the home for $4.5 million less — at $7.5 million. The current owner was able to negotiate a deal down to $7 million and officially closed on the home on Feb. 7, 2022. Situated in Shasta Valley, the main residence, known as the Olander House, boasts high ceilings, and holds nine bedrooms and 10 bathrooms with “off-the-grid capability.” The smaller home is made up of three bedrooms and three bathrooms. And the guest house is made up of two bedrooms and two bathrooms. “It’s seven beautiful lakes are home to numerous species of waterfowl, deer, bass and upland birds that thrive year-round in the safety and privacy of the ranch,” the previous listing notes. “Lava Lakes Ranch is currently operating as a nature preserve and working cattle ranch that supports 200+ pairs year-round,” the listing adds. Meanwhile, in the last few years, Seagal has been eager to unload all of his United States properties — even if it came at a cost. The star also sold his 12-acre bullet-proof Scottsdale, Arizona spread last summer for $3.55 million, barely above the $3.5 million he paid for it in 2010. That hilltop home had come on and off the market since 2012, at asking prices as high as $4.25 million. In 2018, his 12-acre spread on the outskirts of Memphis, Tenn. sold in 2018 for $880,000, — almost half the $1.5 million he paid for it in 2005. Seagal, who was born in Michigan, also holds both Serbian and Russian citizenship. “He was asking quite insistently and over a lengthy period to be granted citizenship,” Kremlin spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said in 2016. Seagal’s citizenship was supposed to be a sign of improving relations between the US and Russia. Seagal, who was banned from Ukraine for five years in 2017 after Putin gave the “Hard to Kill” actor a Russian passport — spoke out on the current war last month, saying he looks at both sides “as one family.” “Most of us have friends and family in Russia & Ukraine,” the action star told Fox News. “I look at both as one family and really believe it is an outside entity spending huge sums of money on propaganda to provoke the two countries to be at odds with each other.” “My prayers are that both countries will come to a positive, peaceful resolution where we can live & thrive together in peace,” he said.