Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis signed a bill Monday that bans the discussion of gender identity and sexual orientation for kids in kindergarten through third grade. The legislation — made official at a Tallahassee press conference —  also prohibits material for older Florida students that is could be deemed developmentally or age inappropriate. “Classroom instruction by school personnel or third parties on sexual orientation or gender identity may not occur in kindergarten through grade 3 or in a manner that is not age appropriate or developmentally appropriate for students in accordance with state standards,” the bill states. DeSantis has argued that the material should not be conveyed to kids aged 4 to 8 and that parents should be able to object to certain subject matter in higher grades as well. “This is inappropriate for kindergarteners and first graders and second graders. Parents do not want this going on in their schools,” DeSantis said Monday. Critics of the legislation have called it an attack on the LGBTQ community and branded it the “Don’t Say Gay” bill. The polarizing legislation has sparked opposition from some Florida students who walked out of their classes earlier this month in protest. Hollywood has led the charge against the bill — with Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes mocking DeSantis at the Oscars Sunday night. “We’re going to have a great night tonight,” Sykes said. “And for you people in Florida, we’re going to have a gay night.” The trio then chanted “gay” to drive home the point as the audience cheered. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tweeted her opposition after DeSantis signed the bill Monday. “This cruel legislation is an affront to our Nation’s cherished values and sends a harmful message to our children,” she wrote. President Biden also lodged his objection, calling it “hateful” in a February tweet. DeSantis addressed the Academy Awards attack Monday, arguing that he wore the movie industry’s opposition as a “badge of honor.” He is considered a potential Republican presidential nominee in 2024. “I don’t care what corporate media outlets say, I don’t care what Hollywood says, I don’t care what big corporations say,” said DeSantis. “Here I stand. I’m not backing down.” The bill also gives parents the right to review any school health questionnaires before they are given to students.