“The Power of the Dog” director Jane Campion stuck her foot in her mouth with her comments about tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams at the Critics’ Choice Awards March 13 — but insiders told The Post she’ll still win an Oscar on Sunday because the Academy of Motion Pictures Art and Sciences is determined to give the award to a woman. “If the director of ‘CODA’ had been nominated, Jane might be in trouble,” said one Oscars voter of female director Sian Heder. “But Sian wasn’t, so Campion’s fine.” Echoed a second voter: “Not giving it to the only woman out of five directors would be a much bigger non-PC statement.” During her acceptance speech for Best Director at Critics’ Choice, Campion noted her admiration for the Williams sisters — who are the subject and producers of the much-nominated “King Richard” — but said that, unlike in their tennis careers, she has had to compete against men. ‘You’re such marvels,” she addressed the siblings. “However, you don’t play against the guys, like I have to.” Variety immediately reported that “Jane Campion is facing backlash.” “jane taking time out of her best director speech to tell two Black women that she is more oppressed than them is PEAK white feminism,” tweeted “Queen & Slim” actress Jodie Turner-Smith. Comedian Ryan Ken tweeted: “It’s so revealing when you attempt a point about sexism and your first thought goes to minimizing Black women. Into a microphone. While accepting an award. Looking at them in their faces & smiling. This is exactly why you have to wait a few business years to clap for white women.” “Black women won’t forget it anytime soon. It was just another cruel reminder that the world will always punish us for just existing,” cultural critic Candace McDuffie wrote on TheRoot.com. There was so much pushback, Campion was seemingly forced to apologize the next day, via The Hollywood Reporter: “I made a thoughtless comment equating what I do in the film world with all that Serena Williams and Venus Williams have achieved. I did not intend to devalue these two legendary Black women and world-class athletes.” Campion, 67, has been the frontrunner all awards season, already picking up the BAFTA, Critics’ Choice Award and the coveted DGA Award for “The Power of the Dog.” The Western drama of power and revenge, set in 1925, is the most nominated film (12 categories) at the Academy Awards this year, and among the most Oscar-nominated films of all time. (“All About Eve,” “Titanic” and “La La Land” share the record, with 14 each.) All four of its main actors were nominated. “You have to take that into consideration,” said a director. “Actors don’t direct themselves. Jane Campion has a history of getting great performances out of actors: Holly Hunter and Anna Paquin both won for [Campion’s 1993 movie] ‘The Piano.’ She insists on extensive rehearsal periods. Actors love her.” If Campion does make it across the finish line Sunday night, she will be only the third woman to win: Kathryn Bigelow was the first, winning Best Director in 2008, for “The HurtLocker.” Last year, Chloé Zhao was the second, for “Nomadland.” Voting closed for this year’s awards on March 22. “If you ask people in The Academy, they’ll tell you Campion will win — nothing will changethat. She’s made many outstanding and unique films, and she’s the only woman on the ballot,” said an insider. “Campion was politically incorrect for two minutes,” said an Academy member. “Look, who really cares? Maybe the young woke crowd does. Most of them are not directors.” And that, said the second voter, is where some in Hollywood might punish her. “The general consensus is, she’ll get Best Director but ‘CODA’ will take Best Picture. Maybe that’s Jane’s comeuppance. Because all Academy Members vote for that — like, 9,000 people. Surely, there must be some of the easily offended woke [set] among them.”