Vinny Guadagnino doesn’t mind this work grind. The spicy star of “Jersey Shore” and its spinoff, “Family Vacation,” has jetted back to Las Vegas for a third stint with the legendary Chippendales male strippers — and he recommends the gyrating gig to all men out there. “The Chippendales crowd is probably the No. 1 place to meet women on Earth,” he told The Post of his latest, monthlong residency of weekend shows at the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino, which kicks off Friday, March 11, and ends April 10. “If any guy is out there that wants to see some eager women, they’re in the Chippendales crowd.” But other dancer wannabes will first have to stand on line. “I’m very single right now,” said the 34-year-old stud from Staten Island, whose latest flame fizzled with model Akielia Rucker in the most recent season of his and “Jersey Shore” castmate Pauly D’s dating show “Double Shot at Love.” However, unsurprisingly, he’s been more interested in pumping up than puckering up lately as he preps for his run with the sexy, storied Chippendales, whose darker history will be examined in the four-part A&E documentary “Secrets of the Chippendales Murders,” premiering Monday, March 14. “I’m not, like, a Chippendale all-year round. These guys stay in shape. They do the show every night and, you know, it’s easier for them, I think, because they’re doing it every night and living that lifestyle,” said Guadagnino, who currently lives in Tribeca since relocating back to New York after a brief move to LA (“I didn’t really love it,” he said) last year. “I’m Italian during the holidays — I’m eating my mom’s cookies and stuff,” he confessed, adding that, like many of us, he “started to put on more weight” when the coronavirus pandemic restrictions eased and he was able to go out more. That made things rough for the self-professed “Keto Guido.” “It definitely was not an easy process,” admitted Guadagnino, who said he “wasn’t shredded” when he got the offer to shake his booty again. “Over the last couple of months, I’ve put in a lot — a lot — of work,” he said. “A lot of people probably don’t realize that, too. They think you just wake up and have abs, but not me. I have to work for, like, the two abs that I do have.” So he’s spent hours lifting, going on five-mile runs, biking for 30-mile stretches, boxing, taking hikes and tackling “crazy jump-rope tricks” — the latter documented on an Instagram page called, appropriately enough, @vinnyjumps. Oh, and there’s one more part of prep that he had to kick up a notch: personal grooming. Down there. “You know, you got to, like, shave your butt. You got to do a lot of manscaping,” he confessed matter-of-factly. “It makes everything look cleaner and better. And no one wants to see a big, hairy a – -, you know? I usually do keep everything kind of clean . . . but you have to kind of take it to the next level on Chippendales.” It’s no wonder he’s going to greater grooming lengths. His “next-level” performance will include a sultry, soaking-wet shower scene in which he’ll brandish his bodacious buns while wearing only a “sock” to cover his manhood. It’s a now-viral stunt he did on his last visit there in 2019, which was witnessed by several “Jersey Shore” castmates, including Pauly D, Jenni “JWoww” Farley, Deena Nicole Buckner and Ronnie Ortiz-Magro — and even Guadagnino’s mother, Paula, who was full of pride and brought to tears watching her son strip and saunter. Now he’s ready to suit up — or, rather, strip down — for Vegas vixens looking to party. And if his mom can appreciate the party, so can he. “It’s entertaining. It’s fun. It’s kind of like a party . . . You’re going to see twerking, you’re going to see humping,” he said of the “interactive” show, during which some lucky audience members have a chance to engage with dancers — including him — onstage. “It feels good. You know, you rip your shirt off and it’s, like, the loudest screams you ever heard in your life. “It’s definitely wild!”