A soft-on-crime judge cut loose an ex-con charged with packing heat inside a Bronx restaurant on the condition that he get fitted with an ankle bracelet — which he promptly ignored and is now loose on the streets, The Post has learned. Bronx Criminal Court Judge Valentina Morales overruled a prosecution request to set bail for Frankie Centeno, 39, at $100,000 cash or $300,000 bond after he was busted around 4:30 a.m. Sunday, a spokesperson for Bronx District Attorney Darcel Clark said Tuesday. Instead, Morales — a former public defender and nonprofit executive — ordered during Centeno’s arraignment Monday that he be subjected to electronic monitoring, despite having a history of violating probation and parole, the spokesperson said. Centeno, who’s served three prison terms for gun possession and is on federal supervised release through September 2023, blew a noon Monday deadline to show up at the city Sheriff’s Office for an ankle bracelet and is now being sought for arrest, law-enforcement sources said. Sources added that federal prosecutors obtained an arrest warrant for Morales for violation of supervised release. One law-enforcement official familiar with the case said, “People were shocked he was released, given his record.” Another source said that a cop’s body-worn camera captured Centeno saying during his arrest, “You ended my life” and “Yo, bro, the feds don’t play.” “Centeno knew that the federal judge in his last case — who he names on a body-worn camera — told him that when she sentenced him…that his life was over if he came back again,” a source familiar with his arrest said. “So if that isn’t someone who has incentive to run, I don’t know who is.” Morales was appointed by then-Mayor Bill de Blasio in August 2021 and sparked controversy the following November when she refused a prosecution request to set bail at $20,000 cash or $60,000 bond for a mentally ill homeless man who was busted three times in just 36 hours during an alleged theft and robbery spree. Morales was the third judge to arraign Agustin Garcia, 63, who boasted to cops that he wouldn’t get locked up because “I have no record” — and she proved him right by sending him to Bellevue Hospital for a psychiatric exam without any bail. Centeno has four prior gun-possession convictions that date to 2003, according to court records. The most recent was in 2018, when he pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court to being a felon in possession of a firearm and possession of an unregistered firearm, stemming from his arrest after cops spotted him “holding what appeared to be a handgun with a long barrel” outside a gas station in The Bronx. That weapon turned out to be a loaded, silencer-equipped Ruger MKI pistol and he was sentenced to 2-1/2 years in prison, followed by three years of supervised release, according to court records. Centeno was released from custody in September 2020, according to the federal Bureau of Prisons website. The pending criminal complaint charges him with three felonies and two misdemeanors for allegedly having a loaded, Springfield Armory .45 caliber pistol stuck in his waistband inside 498 E. 138th St., which is home to the 24-hour Puerto Rican eatery El Viejo Gran Cafe. The latest gun case will be taken over the by the US Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, sources said. Speaking on behalf of Morales, a spokesman for the state court system said, “Bail statutes in New York State are quite clear: Bail is solely to ensure a defendant’s return to court.” “Each criminal case should be treated as an island,” Office of Court Administration spokesman Lucian Chalfen said. “Clearly, some islands are easier to navigate than others.” The top charges against Centeno are too serious to be covered by the state’s controversial bail-reform, which prevents judges from setting bail for defendants covered with most misdemeanors and many felonies. Neither Centeno’s court-appointed defense lawyer, Bardia Eshghi of The Bronx Defenders, nor a spokesperson for his office returned requests for comment.