House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy blasted Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff on Friday, vowing to remove him from the panel if the GOP takes back the majority in this year’s midterm elections after Schiff wrongly alleged The Post’s bombshell reporting on Hunter Biden’s laptop was a Russian “smear.” “The Democrats have politicized our intelligence committee. You’ve watched it year after year since Adam Schiff has become chair,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) told reporters. “No, he doesn’t warn us about Ukraine or Afghanistan or what’s happening around the world. He tells you about politics. “But the worst part of it is, you cannot trust what he tells you, that he lies to us,” he continued. “Just watch what has happened. Two years ago, Schiff stated the emails found from Hunter Biden were all [a] smear on Joe Biden [that] comes from the Kremlin. That’s what the head of the Intel [Committee] said.” After The Post broke the laptop story in the fall of 2020, Schiff (D-Calif.) went on CNN and declared: “We know that this whole smear on Joe Biden comes from the Kremlin. That’s been clear for well over a year now that they’ve been pushing this false narrative about the vice president and his son.” “Clearly, the origins of this whole smear are from the Kremlin, and the president [Donald Trump] is only too happy to have Kremlin help and try to amplify it.” Schiff doubled down in the same interview. However, then-Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe disputed Schiff’s claim at the time, and his assessment was backed by the Department of Justice. This week, the New York Times confirmed the existence of the laptop — 17 whole months after The Post first reported on it. “Adam Schiff lied to us one more time,” the minority leader said Friday. “Why is he still chair of the committee? And why is he even on the committee? In a new Congress, if it’s a new majority, he will not be. “You cannot make this committee political,” McCarthy went on. “You cannot use it as a position of a chairman to lie, and you should be focused on what the American people want you to be focused on around the world.” The hard drive of the laptop contained a trove of emails, text messages, photos and financial documents related to Hunter Biden, his family and business associates — detailing how the president’s son used his name and relatives as leverage in his overseas business dealings. A Delaware computer repair shop owner reported the laptop to the FBI, which seized the device and its hard drive. McCarthy previously called for Schiff’s ouster from the Intel Committee earlier this year, while vowing to also remove Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.) over his reported links to a Chinese intelligence agent. At the time, Schiff spokeswoman Lauren French said “it is always difficult to take Kevin McCarthy seriously.” “Nevertheless, allowing McCarthy to get anywhere near the speaker’s gavel would be catastrophic — not just because of his propensity for falsehoods and smears, but because he will exist solely to do Donald Trump’s bidding — even potentially overturning the 2024 results,” she said. Schiff had no immediate response to McCarthy Friday.