Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and longtime love Brittany Matthews are officially husband and wife. The couple tied the knot on Saturday in Hawaii, where they were surrounded by family and friends. “Mr. & Mrs. Mahomes,” the newlyweds wrote on Instagram. Mahomes, who just wrapped his fifth season with the Chiefs, wore a gray suit for the big day while Matthews, a co-owner of the Kansas City Current soccer team, looked stunning in a gorgeous gown featuring cutouts. Matthews, who is also a trainer and fitness entrepreneur, had been engaged to Mahomes since September 2020. The quarterback presented his then-bride-to-be with an estimated 8-to-10-carat emerald-cut diamond ring on the same day the Chiefs received their Super Bowl rings. “9.1.2020. On a day that was meant to celebrate you, you turned it into celebrating us. It’s always us, it’s always you and me. The words you looked into my eyes and said to me at this moment, will NEVER leave my mind!” Matthews gushed on Instagram at the time. “You made this day perfect, you took my entire breath away and I could not have imagined anything better. I love you, forever and always! Cheers to spending our lifetime together and an inseparable bond.” The past few years have been a whirlwind for Mahomes and Matthews, who welcomed daughter Sterling in February 2021. This past season, the Chiefs reached the AFC Championship but were defeated by the Bengals in January. Following the loss, Mahomes and Matthews jetted to the Pro Bowl in Las Vegas, where they spent time with his teammate, tight end Travis Kelce, and his girlfriend, Kayla Nicole. Last month, Mahomes returned to Sin City for his bachelor party, where he celebrated with Kelce and their Chiefs teammates Jerick McKinnon, Orlando Brown and Clyde Edwards-Helaire. Matthews, meanwhile, flew to Miami for her bachelorette bash with Kayla and her girlfriends, including fellow Chiefs WAG Sydni Russell. Mahomes is the latest NFLer to get hitched this offseason, following Packers offensive lineman David Bakhtiari, who tied the knot in California last weekend.