INDIANAPOLIS — Can what might be going on with Kayvon Thibodeaux be viewed as a Jadeveon Clowney backlash? Clowney was the No. 1-overall pick by the Texans in 2014 even though he managed to get only three sacks his final season at South Carolina. Freakish talent and highlight-film plays were his calling cards. In the NFL? The same deal. All sizzle, not enough red meat. Clowney, with only 41 career sacks in eight seasons, is looking for his fifth team and certainly has not produced commensurate with his lofty draft status. Thibodeaux will not be the first player selected in the 2022 NFL Draft, but he will go high, possibly to the Giants at No. 5. Will this pick one day be viewed as prescient or shortsighted? “You look back at Clowney, he was great, but he didn’t have all the skills and the tools as far as pass-rush skills,’’ Thidodeaux said Friday at the NFL Scouting Combine. “Me, I feel like I can build off of him — I’m like Jadeveon 2.0. I feel like I have the skills and I have a hunger to keep going.’’ At this time one year ago, projecting Thibodeaux as a No. 1-overall pick was in vogue, even though he was coming off a seven-game, three-sack season. This year, he is coming off a 10-game, 49-tackle, seven-sack 2021 season at Oregon and he saw the mantle of “best edge-rusher in college football’’ wrestled away from him by Aidan Hutchinson. In his first 29 games at Michigan, Hutchinson had a total of 3.5 sacks. He notched 14 in 14 games in 2021 and basked in the spotlight with a three-sack, seven-tackle eruption in a rout of Ohio State. Just like that, he surged to the top of the charts. Hutchinson will not get past the Lions at No. 2. “I’m very confident in my ability,’’ Hutchinson said. Thibodeaux neatly deflected when asked to compare himself to Hutchinson, saying they are different players and will bring different skills to the teams that take them. He did not defer, though, when he was asked what makes him the best pass rusher in this draft class. “My mindset,’’ he said. “Not only do I have a great skill set, great athletic ability, but I’m really hungry for knowledge.’’ Thibodeaux said he wants to emulate Von Miller, who has 115.5 career NFL sacks. “I’m not the biggest guy, I’m not the strongest guy and I’m not the fastest guy, so when you realize that, just like Von Miller, you have to figure out what’s gonna give you that edge and for me my mind is what gives me that edge,’’ Thibodeaux said. “I’m a chess player, so I’m thinking moves ahead: How can I set the game and dictate what the offensive tackle does so I can get what I want out of the situation?’’ How far will Thibodeaux drop in the first round? Todd McShay, an ESPN draft analyst, said recently some NFL teams believe Thibodeaux “does not play with the same fire as some other top prospects. His ceiling is high, but the floor is lower than you want for a top-five pick.’’ For that reason, McShay has Thibodeaux dropping out of the top five. “For me, I feel like, when you have a smart kid like me, you have a lot of positives, someone has to find the negatives,’’ Thibodeaux said. “I don’t really look too much into it. I know what I can do for a team. And when we’re breaking down film, I’m able to talk about the ins and outs of the game. I’m not really too worried about what people have to say as far as that, as long as the teams and I can come to an understanding of who I am and how hard [I play] and the love I have for the game.’’