The Jets brought back one of Zach Wilson’s favorite weapons and added another one for him on Monday. The team agreed to a two-year, $12 million contract extension with fan- (and Wilson-) favorite Braxton Berrios and then reached a deal with former Bengals tight end C.J. Uzomah on a three-year, $24 million contract, according to sources. The return of Berrios and the addition of Uzomah should give the Jets 2022 offense a bounce in Wilson’s second season with the team. Tight end was a major area of need entering this offseason and it would not be surprising if the Jets are not done at the position. Uzomah is coming off his best season as a pro with career highs in catches (49), receiving yards (493) and touchdowns (5). The 29-year-old helped the Bengals reach the Super Bowl in quarterback Joe Burrow’s second season. That might be a little too much to ask of Uzomah with the Jets but he gives his new team an immediate upgrade at a position that has been a black hole for a decade. Get the latest updates on NFL free agency 2022 with live coverage from the New York Post. Berrios emerged as one of Wilson’s favorite targets in 2021. The wide receiver/kick returner was scheduled to become a free agent on Wednesday when the new league year begins. Now, the Jets have him locked up for two years. The deal included $7 million guaranteed, according to a source. Berrios became an All-Pro returner in 2021 with the Jets and a fan favorite. Berrios averaged 30.4 yards per kickoff return, the best in the league and had one touchdown. He also averaged 13.4 yards per punt return. On offense, Berrios showed instant chemistry with Wilson. He had 46 catches for 431 yards and two touchdowns. He also ran for two touchdowns. The Jets hoped to bring Berrios back all along but feared he might land a bigger deal from another team. Sources said Berrios initially was seeking $8 million-$10 million a year. The Jets view Berrios as a No. 4 wide receiver and a very good kick returner. The deal he got is in line with that. Berrios may see more opportunities at wide receiver in 2022 depending on what the Jets do the rest of the offseason. Jamison Crowder and Keelan Cole are both expected to depart in free agency. That would leave Corey Davis, Elijah Moore and Berrios as the team’s top receivers. The Jets also re-signed veteran running back Tevin Coleman. The 28-year-old rushed for 356 yards on 84 carries in 11 games for the Jets last year. He will be part of the running back rotation with Michael Carter and Ty Johnson. The Jets also re-signed fullback Nick Bawden, who appeared in nine games for the team last season.