Freeform’s teen drama “Pretty Little Liars” was known for having “pretty” people on screen, but star Lucy Hale got candid about not feeling her best during shooting. Hale, 32, discussed her issues with acne and skin problems with Glamour and how both impacted her confidence early in her career. When the actress would find her face riddled with breakouts, she recalled that there were times when she didn’t “want to be in front of a camera.” She explained, “I remember vividly one day we were filming ‘Pretty Little Liars’ — and the show’s called ‘Pretty Little Liars,’ so they wanted us to look a certain way.” Hale admitted that the show’s crew had to use special tricks to hide her skin blemishes. “We had to specially light my skin to reflect in a different way so you wouldn’t see my acne. I remember being just so embarrassed and mortified,” the Memphis, Tennessee, native added. “When you’re growing up and you have bad skin, it’s just another added layer of getting comfortable with who you are,” she noted. Hale confessed that she’s “obsessed” with her skin-care routine because she “struggled” with her complexion. “You just want to crawl in a hole. It feels very isolating, and it can feel so heavy and so difficult,” she continued. “Looking back, I wish I could have had more grace and compassion with myself, but when you’re in it, it’s excruciating.” The “Fantasy Island” actress said her acne didn’t arise until her early 20s, and she did everything under the sun to erase her pimples; including going to a dermatologist and changing her diet. However, Hale dished that she learned to live with, as well as love, her pimples. While her zits bother her on some days, she says that knowing she’s not alone in her struggles helps her through. The “Katy Keene” alum starred as Aria Montgomery on the popular mystery series from 2010 until 2017. An HBO Max reboot is in the works and will be titled “Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin.” Bailee Madison and Chandler Kinney are starring in the revival. Of the new series, Hale gave her two cents and told The Post last November, “I’m definitely completely supportive. But, I don’t think I’ll be a part of it in any way except watching it. I’m very curious to see what they do.” “Pretty Little Liars” followed a group of friends (played by Shay Mitchell, Troian Bellisario, Ashley Benson, Sasha Pieterse and Hale) who are tormented daily by a mysterious stalker, “A,” who wants to punish the girls for their past sins.