A “formal review” into Will Smith’s Oscar night slap involving Chris Rock is underway, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said Monday, as it denounced the “King Richard” star’s behavior. “The Academy condemns the actions of Mr. Smith,” the statement read. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law.” The statement is the AMPAs first official comment since the primetime assault — though it tweeted early Monday morning that it does “not condone violence of any form.” The group stopped short of noting any specific consequences Smith could face. The statement comes after the officers of the AMPAS’ board of governors, including bigwigs like President David Rubin and CEO Dawn Hudson, convened an emergency phone call Monday morning to discuss the viral incident, according to the Hollywood Reporter. While presenting at Hollywood’s biggest night, Rock cracked a controversial joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s baldness, referring to her as “G.I. Jane” — and prompting Smith, 53, to charge up the stage and smack the comedian across the face. “Will Smith just smacked the s–t out of me,” a stunned Rock, 57, remarked to the audience as he regained his composure. As he returned to his seat, Smith shouted at Rock, “Keep my wife’s name out your f—king mouth.” Pinkett Smith, 50, suffers from the autoimmune disease alopecia, which causes hair loss. The stunning smackdown prompted Hollywood insiders to speculate whether Smith’s eventual Oscar for Best Actor for his performance in the tennis drama “King Richard” could be revoked. A longtime Academy member told The Post they don’t think Smith would be yanked of the honor — but it’s possible he won’t be asked to present at next year’s Oscars. Smith may also have his membership stripped altogether after violating the group’s strict code of conduct, the insider said. “He crossed a line,” the Academy source dished. “Where was security? It was a bad joke, in bad taste, but Jada could have easily just taken Will’s arm when she saw him get up and pulled him back. Will could also just have yelled at Chris from his seat … He could have said ‘Hey apologize to my wife’ from his seat.” The Academy’s code of conduct guidelines, released in 2017 in the wake of the #MeToo movement, emphasizes the importance of “upholding the Academy’s values of respect for human dignity, inclusion, and a supportive environment that fosters creativity.” “There is no place in the Academy for people who abuse their status, power or influence in a manner that violates recognized standards of decency,” Hudson, AMPAS’s CEO, told members in 2017. Whoopi Goldberg, a governor on AMPAS’s board, said Monday that Smith won’t lose his trophy but consequences are expected. “We’re not going to take that Oscar from him,” she said on “The View.” “We’re not going to take it. Well, there will be consequences, I’m sure. But I don’t think that that’s what they’ll be. Particularly because Chris said, ‘Listen, I’m not pressing any charges.’” The Los Angeles Police Department released a statement saying Rock has “declined to file a police report” but if he changes his mind, the agency “will be available to complete an investigative report.” A source friendly with Rock said he doesn’t think he’ll press charges but “it has not been decided yet.” “He has the right to make a complaint,” the source said. Fellow A-listers have shared mixed feelings about Smith’s behavior. “Today” show host Craig Melvin said the attack aided the “long-held perception … that men of color can’t control their rage and anger,” drawing ire from Twitter denizens who said the comment was inappropriate. In a since-deleted tweet, “Knocked Up” director Judd Apatow said Smith’s conduct was “pure out of control rage and violence” while lefty congresswoman Ayanna Pressley praised the actor for standing up for his wife. “Thank you #WillSmith Shout out to all the husbands who defend their wives living with alopecia in the face of daily ignorance & insults,” the lawmaker, who also suffers from alopecia, tweeted before also deleting the post. The incident has also divided the public over whether Smith should be canceled over the caught-on-camera assault and if his golden statuette should be revoked. “I call upon the Academy, of which I am a member, to take disciplinary action against Will Smith. He disgraced our entire community tonight,” writer Marshall Herskovitz tweeted. Others pointed out that Oscar winners like convicted rapist Harvey Weinstein and Roman Polanski, who was accused of molesting a 13-year-old, weren’t stripped of their honors despite their past misdeeds. “No, we are not going to do this to a Black man when we didn’t do it to Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, Harvey Weinstein, Michael Douglas, Douglas Hoffman, Richard Dreyfuss, Paul Haggis, James Franco, Kevin Spacey, Casey Affleck, Mel Gibson, Arthur Freed, Joan Crawford [and] Clark Gable,” one Twitter user wrote. Another took aim at the Academy. “You gave an assault perpetrator five uninterrupted minutes on a global platform to excuse his behaviour,” the person tweeted. “You don’t just condone violence. You endorse and amplify it!”