If Carson Wentz wasn’t a good leader for the Colts, someone forgot to tell their best playmaker. Jonathan Taylor will be taking handoffs from his third different starting quarterback in as many seasons when the Colts start the 2022 season. It remains unclear who that will be, but it definitely won’t be Wentz, who was traded to the Commanders for two third-round draft picks. “I’m definitely sad to see Carson go,” Taylor said. “He was amazing in the locker room and on the field as well. You look at some of the plays he made on the field, but off the field he was an amazing guy always. He made sure to get in contact with everyone on the team.” Taylor accepted the Bert Bell Award presented by the Maxwell Football Club as the NFL’s Player of the Year. The ceremony and news conference were held Friday in Atlantic City, about 70 miles from where Taylor starred at South Jersey’s Salem High School. Taylor led the NFL in rushing yards during his second NFL season. But he will find a lot more eight-man boxes unless the Colts upgrade their quarterback situation beyond Sam Ehlinger and James Morgan, neither of whom has thrown an NFL pass. “We have to wait and see,” Taylor said. “I’m not sure what direction we’ll go, but [general manager] Chris Ballard we fully trust in. He makes moves methodically, and I’m sure he’ll make the right decision for the team.” Wentz has been a polarizing presence throughout his six-year career with the Eagles and Colts. Two teams have given up on the former No. 2 overall pick in the last two years as talk builds that he can be selfish and hard to coach. But many stars — including Eagles tackle Lane Johnson, Cardinals tight end Zach Ertz and now Taylor — go to bat to refute those claims against their former teammate. After an injury-plagued tenure with the Eagles — including when Nick Foles stepped in and won a Super Bowl — Wentz started all 17 games for the Colts last season. Needing one win to reach the playoffs, the Colts lost their final two games and Wentz struggled in both. “It’s also about finding the right fit and being in the right situation,” Taylor said. “Timing is everything. That is something a lot of veterans have talked about to me and that timing is everything. I know that Carson will find the right situation. That’s the kind of guy he is, he’ll make the right situation and he’s able to adapt.”