Bettors have plenty of options on Thursday’s college hoops board, but one Action Network PRO system has a few plays targeted. With most conference tournaments being played in unfamiliar arenas, this system targets what’s known as “neutral court unders” for games with relatively high totals (between 145 and 180). On today’s slate, here are three games that fit the description for a system that historically owns a 55 percent win rate and six percent ROI. These squads met once in the regular season in a game that stayed under this benchmark by a few points. The Hawkeyes claimed victory by an 82-61 margin against the Wildcats, which saw its first-round Big Ten Tournament matchup against Nebraska stay under this total as well. Eliminate games against Nebraska and bettors will find this Wildcat offense isn’t very good. In its last seven contests, it has only cleared 70 points once. However, its defense is simultaneously fifth in the Big Ten in adjusted defensive efficiency, per kenpom.com.  Although the first matchup between these teams saw a combined 150 points, that game saw Ohio shoot nearly 44 percent from three-point land. Its season-long average? Just 34 percent. The Bobcats also own the second-best adjusted defensive rating in the MAC, per kenpom.com, while Ball State is a bottom-half side in the MAC in terms of adjusted offensive efficiency (seventh of 12). Plus, in 11 games against the six worst MAC offenses, Ohio’s defense allowed fewer than 65 points in seven. While Ohio’s offense could get hot, these stats tend to support this game staying under 145 total points. Alabama’s offense is it’s bread-and-butter as they rank second in the conference in terms of adjusted offensive efficiency. On the flip-side, its defense is 11th-best in the corresponding category, both per kenpom.com. That said, Vanderbilt’s offense is second-worst in terms of its adjusted efficiency while its defense is respectable (seventh in the league). These teams only met once this season, but it did stay under this benchmark of 149 points. Further, Vanderbilt will be playing its second game in as many days after an 86-51 victory over Georgia.