The colossal 1,772-acre South Carolina hunting farm where Maggie and Paul Murdaugh were found shot dead last year is up for sale for $3.9 million. The listing comes less than five months after Alex Murdaugh, 53 — the father of the family — allegedly conspired to hire a hit man to kill him so that he could leave his only surviving son, Richard, known as Buster, a $10 million life insurance policy, The Post reported. As the legal scion currently sits behind bars awaiting trial on more than 70 charges, including swindling millions from his own clients, the farm, which includes a custom-built home constructed in 2011, has already seen interest. “We have had offers, but of course we are working at [the] discretion of the courts and [it is] not sold yet,” Todd Crosby, who holds the listing with Crosby Land Company, told The Post. The property remains in contention as the parents of Mallory Beach — the teen who was killed aboard a boat allegedly helmed by Paul, Alex and Maggie’s youngest son, in 2019 — filed a lawsuit against the estate this January, a month before the farm went up for sale. The lawsuit accuses the elder Murdaughs of being willful contributors to their son’s underage drinking. “Paul Murdaugh’s consumption of alcohol was condoned, encouraged and facilitated by Richard Alexander Murdaugh and Margaret Kennedy Branstetter Murdaugh,” reads the legal filing, obtained by The Post. Paul, 22, and his mother, 52, were found gunned down on their hunting estate in the unincorporated community of Islandton last June in a murder that remains unsolved. This property is also the site where the Murdaugh’s longtime housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield, 57, died on Feb. 26, 2018, in what was described as a slip-and-fall accident. Satterfield had worked for the Murdaughs for more than 20 years. Known as the Cross Swamp Farm, bordering the banks of the Salkehatchie River, the property offers a wide range of natural amenities including freshwater fishing, kayaking, more than 2 miles of river frontage and plus abundant deer and turkey, the listing states. There are also two man-made waterfowl reservoirs planted with corn to attract the birds and a 20-acre dove field with a dead wire and parameter fencing to minimize crop damage, the listing adds. Spanning 5,275 square feet, the custom-built main residence is made up of four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, and features a new metal roof, HardiePlank siding and refinished heart pine flooring throughout. “This spacious floor plan could easily be converted into a weekend hunting lodge with the capability to sleep up to 15 people,” the listing notes. There is also a 1,140-square-foot guest cottage, an equipment shed and an equipment wash-down station. “The next owner may be the beneficiary of considerable tax advantages that may be available through the donation of an easement,” the listing states. “This is truly a top-tier property, complete with all the improvements and amenities one would expect from a high-end sporting property with little or no deferred maintenance cost.”