Spring is here and Easter is right around the corner. The holiday brings about family gatherings, candy, traditions, Easter baskets and the best outfits for everyone. Men dress in ties, women opt for dresses and kids are styled in the most adorable outfits. Because it wouldn’t be Easter without the little ones dressed in plaid shirts, floral dresses and pastel colors. With so many Easter outfit options for babies and kids, choosing the right one at the right price can become overwhelming. Especially if you have multiple ages you’re shopping for. To help you score the cutest Easter outfits for children of all ages, such as babies, toddlers and kids, we rounded up our favorites below. After all, every-bunny deserves to look egg-cellent on the big day. Click an option below to shop this story by category: Made with 100% cotton, this blue and white gingham jumper is a classic. Best of all, it’s durable and will look precious in all of those Easter pictures. Dress your little one up in this adorable three-piece bodysuit. It features a pair of high socks, a comfortable jumper with a bunny tail and an even cuter bonnet featuring rabbit ears. We love this bunny set because it looks great while allowing your baby boy to crawl, jump and move freely. Whether your headed to Sunday service or grandma’s house, this three-piece dress set will deliver an abundance of oohs and aahs. The set features a collared floral shirt, a tiny polka dot bow tie and a pair of khaki shorts. Your little one can wear this romper alone or have it layered over a long sleeve for added warmth. No matter your choice, the pastel colors tie into the festive season perfectly. There’s nothing cuter than a little baby girl in a ruffle dress. This one features a peach pink bow, short sleeves and pastel polka dots. With cinched wrists, a curved collar and a matching hat, your baby girl will be turning heads everywhere she goes. She will also stay comfortable and secure all Easter long. Including a ribbed onesie, floral suspenders and a matching headpiece, your little one will be the cutest bunny in town. Choose from an array of color options to find her perfect pick. Another adorable matching set is this dress and cardigan. They are each adorned with tiny baby carrots and paired with a matching green and orange headband. Sweet and beautiful, this Baby Luna Romper is made of slate blue fabric and offers lots of stretch to allow for easy movement. He’ll be dressed to the nines wearing this little getup. The set includes a blue collared shirt, suspenders, a striped bowtie and khaki shorts. A classic in every boy’s closet is a pastel button down. The pink and white come together for the ideal Easter shirt. If you have an adventurer on your hands, a clean, crisp shirt may not be the way to go. Let him have his fun (while you get the pictures you want) with these striped overalls. Pairs with: Cat & Jack Chambray Pants He’s guaranteed to look extra dapper on Easter morning while wearing this blue chambray blazer. Details include notched lapels, front flap pockets and a single welt pocket on the chest. You can’t go wrong with a classic clean button down. This white cotton shirt isn’t only perfect for Easter, but is also great for events and evenings to come. Pairs with: Ballerina Dress For Women, $164 Help her feel like the princess she is with this ballerina-inspired floral dress. Details include a heart-shaped neckline, puff sleeves, a ribbon waistband and a back zipper. This floral dress will not only be perfect for Easter, but will become a closet staple during the spring and summer seasons. Not to mention, the neckline buttons are oh-so-cute. This lace dress is ideal for the holiday, wedding and special events alike. Choose from carious colors and styles. Everyone has at least one Easter picture wearing a dress of this style. So make sure to give your kiddo the same experience with this classic find. Pairs with: Tara Dress For Women, $138 Made from dreamy soft tule, this minty green dress will have your little girl smiling form ear-to-ear. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.