Far-left Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Tuesday that Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas should resign in the wake of revelations that his wife sent texts that pushed for the overturn of the 2020 presidential election results. “Clarence Thomas should resign,” Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) tweeted. “If not, his failure to disclose income from right-wing organizations, recuse himself from matters involving his wife, and his vote to block the Jan 6th commission from key information must be investigated and could serve as grounds for impeachment,” she continued. “Congress must understand that a failure to hold Clarence Thomas accountable sends a loud, dangerous signal to the full Court – [Brett] Kavanaugh, [Amy Coney] Barrett, & the rest – that his acts are fair game,” the “Squad” member added in a second tweet. “This is a tipping point. Inaction is a decision to erode and further delegitimize SCOTUS.” Last week, reports revealed texts between Virginia “Ginni” Thomas, a conservative activist and former aide to President Donald Trump, and then-White House chief of staff Mark Meadows in the aftermath of the 2020 presidential election. “Help This Great President stand firm, Mark!!!” Virginia Thomas wrote in a Nov. 10, 2020, message. “You are the leader, with him, who is standing for America’s constitutional governance at the precipice. The majority knows Biden and the Left is attempting the greatest Heist of our History.” “Do not concede,” she reportedly wrote in another text dated Nov. 5, 2020. “Biden crime family & ballot fraud co-conspirators (elected officials, bureaucrats, social media censorship mongers, fake stream media reporters, etc) are being arrested & detained for ballot fraud right now & over coming days, & will be living in barges off GITMO to face military tribunals for sedition,” she wrote in a message on the same day. Several Democratic lawmakers quickly blasted her husband, who earlier this year was the lone dissenting justice when the Supreme Court refused to block the release of a trove of documents that Trump fought to keep from the House select committee investigating the Capitol riot. “Judges are obligated to recuse themselves when their participation in a case would create even the appearance of a conflict of interest. A person with an ounce of commonsense could see that bar is met here,” Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) said in a statement Friday. “At the bare minimum, Justice Thomas needs to recuse himself from any case related to the January 6th investigation, and should Donald Trump run again, any case related to the 2024 election.” “The Supreme Court’s power relies on the trust the people place on Justices to act in the public interest, not their own personal interest,” tweeted Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) on the same day. “Justice Clarence Thomas’ corruption in trying to cover up the crazy stuff Ginni Thomas did is a dagger to the Supreme Court’s reputation.” Rep. Veronica Escobar (D-Texas) also called on the justice to resign: “Clarence Thomas was the only #SCOTUS Justice to want to withhold Donald Trump’s documents from the January 6 panel. Now we know why. Clarence Thomas needs to resign.” “Clarence Thomas should resign,” Rep. Nydia Velazquez (D-NY) agreed, while Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-Minn.) called for impeachment. “I frankly think it’s time for Justice Thomas to resign,” House Judiciary panel member Rep. Hank Johnson (D-Ga.) told Politico. On Monday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) echoed Wyden’s early call, saying: “I’ve always thought he should recuse himself.” Despite the growing criticism of Thomas by Democrats, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) defended the justice, telling reporters at the House Republicans’ annual retreat in Florida last week that Thomas’ decisions are “based upon law.” “I think Justice Thomas could make his decisions like he’s made them every other time,” McCarthy said. “It’s his decision based upon law. If you spent any time studying this Supreme Court justice, he’s one who studies correctly, I mean, from all the way through. If he sees it’s not upholding the Constitution, he’ll rule against it. If it’s constitutional, that’s what his job should be — it’s him.”