Music helps craft the world around us. It creates an atmosphere where feelings and moments are enhanced by beats and snares. So why let music be restrained by phone speakers and laptops? Instead, let it echo with some of the best bluetooth speakers on the internet. We headed over to Amazon to find the best bluetooth speakers on the internet. From top brands such as Bose, JBL, Sony and more, you can enjoy portable, on-the-go music that’s loud and clear. Some of our findings even include waterproof capabilities, microphones, voice commands and more. Keep reading to dive into the 16 best portable bluetooth speakers in 2022. You’ll be amplifying your listening experience in no time. Enjoy heavy bass and clear notes with this wireless bluetooth speaker. You can look forward to 12 hours of playtime, waterproof capabilities and premium sound quality. You can even unlock JBL’s party boost feature by pairing multiple speakers together. Choose from 14 various colors. We can’t get enough of this Bose speaker’s crisp, balanced sound. There’s a built-in mic that’s great for both personal and business calls, it has waterproof capabilities and allows for up to six hours of play time. Looking for astonishing and electric sound? If so, the Anker Soundcore speaker is for you. Listen in for deep bass, zero distortion and high-sensitivity drivers. Further features include 24 hours of play time, a waterproof body, easy connectivity and a lightweight design. Get loud with the OontZ Angle 3 speaker. The volume is impeccably powerful, yet never distorts your music. The OontZ Angle 3 also allows for a 100 foot bluetooth range. Choose from 10 various designs and color. Only connecting one smartphone to a bluetooth speaker is so outdated. With the JBL Charge 4, you can connect up to two smart devices and take turns playing powerful sound. Plus, the JBL Charge 4 gives you up to 20 hours of playtime, is waterproof and comes in 12 different colors. Feel the beat with Bose’s small yet powerful water-resistant speaker. Use voice prompts to easily connect, take calls and access your phone’s virtual assistant. Choose from four various colors. Play us your favorite song and turn it up! This Sony portable speaker brings heavy bass, is waterproof, rustproof and dustproof. Plus, you can enjoy up to 24 hours of battery life. With single button presses, you can make the bass stronger, volume louder and enjoy a beat-driven light show. Don’t forget that this speaker also allows for wireless stereo pairing, which means you can connect two Soundbox Pros to fill your space with music. Choose form three color styles. Clip it, pair it and dance to it! The JBL Clip 3 is ultra portable yet is packed with sound. Look forward to 10 hours of playtime, durability and waterproof capabilities. Select your favorite style from 12 various options. Enhance your listening experience with the OontZ Angle 3 Waterproof speaker. In no time, you’ll be enjoying loud volume, rich bass, a 100 foot bluetooth range and, of course, waterproof fun. Have you ever needed a bluetooth speaker that could handle all of your adventures? If so, this is the one. It may look sleek with its rounded body and ambient lighting, but it’s made to keep up with you. Take it hiking, camping, exploring and more. Choose from a variety of color options. Unlock sound’s potential with the Tribit XSound Go Speaker. Podcasts, radio shows and music will never be the same with 24 hours of continuous use and a sophisticated design. With 360 degrees of bold sound, 15 hours of play time and the ultimate portability, the Boom 3 is top tier. Plus, it features an all new magic button that allows your to pause, play, skip and control. Enjoy room-filling sound with the Studio 4 speaker. You can also access Siri or Google with a simple press of a button. Amplify your listening experience with extra bass, punchy sound and 16 hours of play time. The compact, portable design is also ideal for travel and on-the-go moments. Choose from five various color options. Take outdoor listening to new heights. The Motion Boom was created for the outdoors delivering 24 hour of listening time. Best of all, it’s waterproof and even floats. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.