You can teach an old dog new tricks, after all! Whether you learned to compost and are helping the environment as an adult or simply continue to figure out new skills on your smartphone (which is a feat itself!), learning new things as adults can be invigorating. If staying curious was on your resolution list in 2022, but you’ve been slacking in that department there’s still hope. The Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone lets you learn new languages and skill-sets all for one low price. And right during the Best of Digital sale you can score an extra 30% off with coupon code DOWNLOADNOW and flex your brain muscles for just $139.30. This bundle comes packed with so much info, you could learn something new every day for the rest of your life! First up? A lifetime subscription to the award-winning language-learning app Rosetta Stone. This beloved, top-rated app helps you learn 24 different languages at your own pace with an intuitive and immersive training method. You’ll be speaking, writing, and reading your language of choice in no time, fluently, and like a native with help from their TruAccent speech-recognition technology. Rosetta Stone starts you out with basic conversational skills on topics like shopping, ordering food, or taking a taxi, then moves you into intermediate skills like sharing your opinion and talking about things in pop culture. As you learn, you’ll quickly see the reason this app has been trusted for 27 years by NASA and why it scored PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award for Best Language-Learning Software five years in a row. Aside from mastering multiple languages with a lifetime subscription to Rosetta Stone, you’ll also receive lifetime access to StackSkills Unlimited Online Courses. There are over 1,000 premium online classes to choose from on topics ranging from coding to graphic design to finance. If there’s ever been an area you wished you’d paid better attention to in school or a new realm you’d like to master, StackSkills lets you become knowledgeable on the topic. And 50 new courses in beginner to advanced levels are added every month, all from over 350 of the web’s top instructors. PCMag said it best when they noted it “empowers you to discover your potential.” Give your brain a workout with the The Unlimited Lifetime Learning Subscription Bundle ft. Rosetta Stone. Get it all today for the lowest price you’ll find online for $139.30 with coupon code DOWNLOADNOW for a limited time. Prices subject to change.