TAMPA — The clock is ticking on Ben Rortvedt’s chances of being ready by Opening Day. The Yankees catcher, who was part of the blockbuster trade with the Twins this month, took another step in his rehab from a right oblique strain Sunday, catching a bullpen session for the first time since he was sidelined. But he is still taking only dry swings, putting his availability for the April 7 opener in danger. “I don’t want to rule it out, but also not really sure at this point,” Rortvedt said Sunday. “Just trying to be smart about it moving forward so it doesn’t linger.” Rortvedt, who believes he sustained the injury from a heavy workload of swings before the lockout was lifted, said he doesn’t have any problem throwing or running. He has previously felt the oblique on the extension of his swing, but that has not been the case the last two days while taking dry swings. Though Rortvedt, known for his defense, is itching to speed up the process and get into games as soon as possible, he knows the Yankees are doing the right thing by “holding the leash on me.” “Honestly, knowing myself, it’s probably good they’re kind of holding me back or else I probably would have torn this thing a new one,” Rortvedt said. “It’s smarter.” During the lockout, when he was still on the Twins, Rortvedt worked out at Yankees director of health and performance Eric Cressey’s facility in West Palm Beach. There, he caught for pitchers including Justin Verlander, but ended up overdoing it with his swing. “I’m kind of a combination of I’m in pretty good shape but also I take care of myself from a flexibility standpoint,” Rortvedt said. “It was just a freak [injury] but also a workload thing I think. Just something to manage, watch my swings from now on. Honestly it was just coming in ultra-prepared and it happened. It was pretty annoying.” If Rortvedt is not ready to go by Opening Day, the Yankees will need to add another catcher to the 40-man roster to back up Kyle Higashioka. Manager Aaron Boone mentioned David Freitas, Max McDowell and Rob Brantly — all of whom are in big league camp — as potential candidates. “I think they’ve all had their moments,” Boone said. “Freitas … has gotten some hits, we feel like he’s made some progress behind the plate. McDowell is a really, really good defensive catcher. Rob has been with us, has some left-handed thump to him. So I think there’s cases to be made for all of them.”