What does one need to get into a top Ivy League school such as Columbia, Princeton, Cornell or any of the other eight institutions? You probably need to start with a stellar GPA of 4.0 or higher. However, Christopher Rim, founder and CEO of the New York based education and admissions consultancy, Command Education, says there’s a lot more to the equation. After all, Rim was accepted into Yale University with a 3.7 to 3.8 unweighted GPA — almost unheard of when discussing Ivy League admissions. When The Post asked about Rim’s findings, he said it was all thanks to his extracurricular activities that allowed him to stand out. “I just followed my passions and my interests,” said Rim, 26. “That authentic story is what I think resonated with admissions officers.” Rim’s theory rings true, as he was the only student out of 18 other applicants at his high school that was accepted into Yale. To top it off, Rim had the lowest grades out of all them. Rim set out to share his admissions discoveries and story with other aspiring students with the creation of Command Education in 2015. Since the creation of Command Education, Rim has worked with dozens of students from Horace Mann, Trinity, Collegiate, Brearley and Riverdale — and parents pay him upwards of $1,500 per hour to help their teenagers get into Ivy League schools. “The entire purpose of [Command Education] is to help students identify and develop their passions and interests,” Rim told The Post. “It has to be authentic and cannot be manufactured.” Rim further explained that the purpose of curating genuine interests is to help students stand out. After all, almost all students applying to Ivy League schools have near-perfect grades and test scores. This makes extracurricular activities, research and projects vital to landing a spot on an admissions roster. To enhance each student’s opportunities, many Command Education clients start the process in ninth grade, but some start as early as seventh grade. This is because “you can’t go back in time” and “everything counts towards the college application process,” said Rim. Best of all, when a student joins Command Education, they are matched with one mentor throughout their entire college admissions process to aid in tutoring and guidance. This mentor is a full time employee of Command Education and is a graduate of an Ivy League or top tier college. Clients receive 24/7 access to them through email, phone calls, text and meetings. This interpersonal, passionate and academic-led program juxtaposes many other college admissions services, as others serve as “more of a checklist,” according to Rim. Aside from Rim and Command Education’s success, one may still wonder: “Does Command Education really work?” Considering that 100% of students that applied to Harvard in 2021 with the help of Command Education were accepted, over 9 out of 10 students got into at least one of their top three schools and that the company has guided nearly 1,000 teens with a 90% direct referral rate, we say yes. Pleased parents of happy students are also proof that Command Education is worth it — even with the high price point of $85,000 to $120,000 per academic year. “We’ve hired virtually every tutor and counselor for Brooke [Command Education student] prior to working with Chris, but no one was able to get through to her like Chris and his team,” said a mother of a former Riverdale Country School student. “Command Education put her in a position to succeed like no one else she’s ever worked with.” Another happy Command Education parent said, “Chris and his team was the buffer my husband and I needed. I let them handle everything with Mark [Command Education student]. I fully put my trust in Chris, and not only did Mark get into Wharton, but I think he totally saved our marriage!” Because of Command Education’s unmatched mentorship, passion-driven approach and academic foundation, Rim told The Post that the company “doesn’t have competitors,” and is confident that “no one works with students the way that [Command Education] does.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.