As if I needed another reason to not watch the Academy Awards live Sunday night, Will Smith objected to a Chris Rock joke about Smith’s wife by punching Rock in the mouth (“Best Smacktor,” March 28). Good thing Ricky Gervais wasn’t presenting. Then later, in the cheapest moment of the evening, Smith used the platform of winning the “Best Actor” award to tearfully make analogies of “defending his family,” as “King” Richard Williams did. Where was the security? The LAPD has offered to open up a criminal investigation. The Academy now needs to determine whether Smith’s award will be vacated. Sometimes pampered celebrities are given a pass for unacceptable behavior. It’s just possible that we are watching Smith unravel in real time. Dennis Kerbis Staten Island Many times we can speak out of ignorance on things we know nothing about. Such was the experience of Chris Rock at the Oscars ceremony Sunday night. Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, has courageously struggled with a very obvious physical deficit — that is, hair loss or alopecia. Smith knows all about it, and the struggles the mother of his children has been through. What seemed like a “funny” joke was indeed the last straw for Smith. Although Rock may have been somewhat ignorant with his inappropriate joke-telling, Smith was not entirely blameless for his violent response. Given some previous “bad feelings” between the two of them, I feel the first one to apologize ends the argument. Leon O’Chruadhlaoich Youghal, Ireland In its wacky liberal world, the hierarchy at the Academy Awards is having a hard time placing blame in the Chris Rock/Will Smith incident. Was Rock wrong for doing as asked as comedic host? Was Smith wrong for defending the honor of his wife, albeit after visibly guffawing at the “offending” joke? In short — who cares? Joe Schulok The Bronx Smith at Sunday’s Oscars perfectly encapsulates our “society” today, wherein if one is rich, famous and/or powerful, there are no rules that need to be followed and no ramifications for behavior unacceptable to nearly all. What an ugly episode for the industry and our country as that show is broadcast to the world. Where was security, and why was Smith not immediately escorted out of the building after his outrageous physical attack? Why was Smith still allowed to receive an award? This example will be difficult to explain to children. Or perhaps that is the lesson for today: Parents no longer need to teach the golden rule or basic civility. Just make sure your kids strive only to become rich, famous or powerful and then maturity, manners and responsibility are no longer required. Sherry Laue Manhattan Smith should have been immediately removed from the Oscars after he slapped Chris Rock. The double standard for celebrities was clearly in play. Rock has every right to have Smith charged with criminal assault and sue him. But because Smith is a bigger star than Rock as well as a money-making machine for Hollywood, we won’t see that happen. Edward Carroll Ortley Beach, NJ Smith grew up in the Delaware Valley, West Philadelphia area. We who reside around the City of Brotherly Love have always considered him to be a person who is idealized for his outstanding achievements and noble qualities in the entertainment industry. Yes, it’s considered admirable when a man defends his wife’s honor. And there is a fine line difference between comedy and real-life situations, as Rock and Smith are both aware. The slap was truly an unexpected incident. Wayne Williams Camden, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.