Carrie Underwood — the queen of country-pop and one of the greatest selling female artists of all time — catapulted to stardom from America’s fan-favorite show, “American Idol.” Known for her down-to-earth charm, fantastic beauty and immense level of talent, Underwood, 39, has become an American princess and one of the most celebrated musicians of the modern day. Headlining major award shows, as well as stepping up as a fashion icon, Underwood clearly let “Jesus, Take the Wheel.” She’s been married to her husband and NHL star Mike Fisher for over a decade, and the couple has been vocal about the joint successes and hardships they’ve faced — even heartbreaking miscarriages. Yet Underwood’s tenacity has carried on as she’s been able to juggle a thriving career, a legacy as an icon for the NFL  and motherhood. So, did Underwood just get lucky — or was she always meant to rise to the crown of glory? Join me as we take a deep dive into her stars because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Carrie Underwood was born on March 10, 1983. That makes her a talented Pisces sun with an analytical Aquarius moon. Her birth time listed online has not been confirmed, so until she does with me personally (get at me!), we are going to instead focus on what we do, in fact, know. When it comes to elements, her chart is very significantly filled with fire energy, followed by water. This means that she burns hot and is intensely passionate. She has an impulsive, spontaneous and fierce edge to her — one that we can see enacted in a great deal of her body of work. (Uh, hello! How iconic is the chorus from “Before He Cheats“: “I dug my key into the side of his pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive, Carved my name into his leather seats I took a Louisville slugger to both headlights, I slashed a hole in all four tires … Maybe next time he’ll think before he cheats.” Let’s just say, yes, I’ve blasted that a few too many times following a breakup.) Her passions, emotions and desires are paramount to her — and her courage to tackle them is immense. When peering into her chart, the first thing that sticks out to me is how her Mars — which is the warrior energy — is so prominent in her cosmic make-up. Mars energy is confident, courageous and dominant, and with it linking in a near-perfect alignment to Jupiter, the planet of expansion, this energy expands exponentially for her. She thrives on freedom and her own independence — and loves sports, travel and religion (shocker). She does have tremendous good luck shower upon her throughout her life, but it’s also because she’s honorable and holds a very high level of personal optimism and integrity. Then her Mars dances with Uranus, bringing her magnificent creativity as well as a pioneering free spirit to live according to her own truth and beliefs. On a personal level, with her Jupiter united with Uranus, we can see that she is inherently rebellious but also has very high principles and likes to think for herself. Her moon, which is tied to her soul and inner emotional life, makes many important astrological aspects — also dancing with her Mars, bringing her a daring personality, and her Jupiter, making her social and quite lucky financially. (Hello, commercial success!) The interesting thing here, though, is that I do sense she had difficulty understanding and trusting her feelings growing up, which has led her to be a bit more detached at times and to draw boundaries in order to protect herself. With her moon clashing with Saturn and syncing with Uranus, it’s forced her to find her own sense of balance that she lives by unapologetically. Next up: what kind of rapport exists between Underwood and her husband, Mike Fisher? Mike Fisher was born on June 5, 1980. that makes him a spontaneous Gemini sun with a sensitive Pisces moon. When looking at their connection, we aren’t seeing sparks … we are seeing fireworks. This is a tremendously sweet connection that, to be frank, is filled with an insane amount of chemistry, sex appeal and passion. The greatest thing about their rapport, though, is that they empower one another to go bigger, soar further and conquer everything the world has to offer. They ignite one another’s drive, while also emboldening one another for new adventures. One of my absolute favorite links, though, is how one another’s Venuses and Neptunes both interact. This is a bewitching and magnetic connection filled with immense empathy and feeling. To be honest, they’re in many ways one another’s ideal soulmate love. Venus, ruling affection and marriage, is the lower vibration of Neptune, which represents spiritual connections, so the fact that this is so prominent reveals that they have something remarkably special. My compatibility rating for them is 9 out of 10. So, what lies ahead for our beloved American icon? So, so, so much, in fact. First and foremost, Underwood is in one of the luckiest periods of her life, as Jupiter —  known as the Great Benefic — dances through her sun sign throughout most of 2022. Whenever that happens — roughly once every 12 years — we go through a period of rebirth and new beginnings, as the planet unites with our sun and any other planets nearby. Jupiter will continue to sparkle upon her in 2023, as it dances so harmoniously with her Venus and Mars in Aries and sings gorgeous songs with other planets in her chart. Basically, she’s beginning a whole new era in her life — especially personally. Underwood will focus intensely on what makes her happiest and the new journeys she wishes to take, while also being quite reflective on what she’s built in the decades prior to this. She’ll start to release the cycles, people and patterns that don’t support her while taking on new habits and endeavors that do. Another important thing for her to focus on in 2022 and 2023 is that she’ll be experiencing mighty eclipses that shift her professional life around media projects — perhaps taking on a new role in a show or even releasing a documentary or book. Broadcasting her core ideas and truths will be more important to her during these times. Keep on soaring, queen. The world adores you. You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. Visit KyleThomasAstrology.com for more information.