Truthfully, KitchenAid Stand Mixers are the countertop titans you didn’t know you needed — especially with you toss some of the KitchenAid Mixer attachments into the mix (pun intended!) From the coveted pasta attachment that’ll make fresh fettuccine in no time to spiralizers and even grinders, there is so much possibility for the dazzling appliance you put on display. Oh, did we mention the KitchenAid Stand Mixer is one of the most popular items to add to your wedding registry? Whether you’re planning to say “I do” soon, are moving into a new place or simply want to refresh your kitchen appliances, you can now add a KitchenAid Mixer and the attachments to your wishlist. Alongside the best beauty buys and home items available on Amazon (along with a laundry list of the retailer’s best-sellers we rounded up), these nifty kitchen gadgets are at the top of our wishlists. Ahead, find the 12 best attachments that are the poster tools for “small, but mighty.” When the moon hits your eye (like the best pasta attachment you can buy), that’s amore. For $100, this three-in-one set comes with the pasta sheet roller, spaghetti cutter and fettuccine cutter to craft your corner of Italy right from your kitchen. Simply attach this accessory to your KitchenAid Stand Mixer’s power hub, roll the dough and use the blade of your choice. And, voila! If you’re keen on baking, you know that some recipes require a reliable kitchen scale to convert certain ingredients. Well, KitchenAid makes preparing your golden-brown goods as streamlined as ever with its Sifter & Scale Attachment. Plus, you can use the scale separately on the countertop with the included plate and don’t have to worry about flour-caked hands, thanks to the sifter making things neat and fluffy. If there’s a con to the cooking process, it’s handling meat. The KitchenAid Metal Food Grinder Attachment is your built-in sous chef — the in-house butcher you didn’t know you needed. With fine, medium and coarse grinding plates, you can prepare meats any way you’d like them. The attachment also comes with two sausage stuffer tubes, which is great for forcing your sausage into the casing. All the zoodle fans, raise your hands! KitchenAid’s Spiralizer Attachment is an urgent add-to-cart if you love spinning fresh produce into spiralized creations. With peeling and slicing blades of every size and texture, you’ll have a field day meal prepping (perhaps with one of our favorite meal prep containers). Aside from KitchenAid’s plentiful gadgets and gizmos, we can’t skip the practical. The brand’s Stainless Steel Mixing Tools — which include a dough hook, flat beater and wire whip — will help to diversify your baking experience by bringing the right tools to the table (or, countertop). A step up from the pasta roller attachment, KitchenAid’s Gourmet Pasta Press Attachment differs in that it provides even more pasta types from entering your kitchen: fresh spaghetti, large and small macaroni, bucatini (thick hollow tubes), fusilli (corkscrews) and rigatoni (short ribbed tubes). Not to mention, the built-in wire cutter allows you to customize the length of your noodles. It’s truly a magical experience if you’re a pasta lover, to say the least. Juicers can be extremely expensive but, with KitchenAid’s Juicer Attachment, it’s only $26 to squeeze fresh lemon, orange and other citrus juices from your handy-dandy machine. This certainly comes in handy for lemon meringue pies and chocolate-orange desserts, too. Who said you need a KitchenAid Stand Mixer and a food processor? This attachment cuts the prep time by a landslide — literally — and accommodates a variety of food sizes for hassle-free convenience. Oh yes, you can even make ice cream with your treasured KitchenAid Mixer. This less-than-$100 attachment makes up to two quarts of soft-serve ice cream, frozen desserts and sorbets in up to 30 minutes. Simply pour in the batter and leave all the work to the dasher and freeze bowl. Plus, you can harden your whipped creations by placing the soft-serve into an airtight container and placing it in your freezer for extra hardening. For grinding wheat, oats, rice, corn and low-moisture grains, KitchenAid’s Grain Mill Attachment allows you to create a fine texture for all your cooking and baking needs. It’s a pro tool that’s easy to use, much ado to the ergonomic attachment. For less than $40, how can you go wrong with a built-in slicer that beautifully pairs with your KitchenAid Stand Mixer? The cheese grater may be our favorite feature (no fingers injured in the making) and you can easily whip up salads, coleslaw, soups, tacos, pizza toppings and more. Enter the metal-coated beater with a flexible silicone edge that makes beating eggs even better. Crack, plop and beat with this attachment tool for faster ingredient incorporation and whipping finished batters and frostings. Check out the New York Post Shopping for more content.