Taking care of your skin and hair should definitely be a priority, but it doesn’t necessarily mean you need to have a 10-step beauty routine to achieve a healthy, glowing complexion and luscious locks. Sometimes you just need a few key products to get the job done. For actress Drew Barrymore, vitamin E oil is her saving grace. But there’s one in particular that she can’t seem to get enough of! According to Well + Before, the Flower Beauty founder stocks up on this Health Priority Organic Vitamin E Oil every time she sees it at the grocery store and “douses herself with it” on the weekends. “During the week, I’m caked in makeup and frying my hair at work, so I’m just trying to bring that hydration back in,” the talk show host told the publication in May 2021. “It’s become a huge priority for me in the last year, and now I just want to be soaking in this stuff.” This oil in particular is made in South Carolina and infused with organic jojoba, avocado and rice bran oils – all known for being super hydrating for both your skin and hair. It also contains 15000 IU (International Units) of vitamin E that can help with stretch marks to promote collagen and elastin that will make your skin smooth. Barrymore isn’t the only one who loves this vitamin E oil, either. It has more than 9,000 reviewers and 73% of those shoppers gave this product a five-star rating! Many people noted that they saw results in a day’s time. “I’m in love with this product!” said one happy customer. “I’ve noticed a definite lessening of the fine lines around my eyes and my skin is left feeling soft and refreshed. Plus a little goes a long way, so even if the bottle is small, it’s going to last me a while. I’m very, very pleased!” This fan-favorite oil comes in two different sized bottles: .5 and 1 fluid ounces and is available in a lavender scent and unscented formula. While the smaller bottle is going for $20 right now, if you apply this promo code 20POSTHP at checkout, you’ll get an extra 20% off for a limited time! You can also enjoy 20% off this selection of oils from the same brand. Another reviewer, who has been using this oil for more than a year, has seen major results. “My skin is soft and dry spots have disappeared. I have very few wrinkles now and owe it all to the Vitamin E oil. I am 62-years-old and will keep this as my #1 facial product forever,” she said. “I have been using it for about two weeks now and every day my skin looks healthier than the day before. My embarrassing scars and dark spots are diminishing too!” said a reviewer who has been struggling with acne for more than two years. “I used to dread waking up to discover which new blemish I had…now I am excited to wake up and see what the vitamin E was able to do overnight,” they said. There are tons of amazing benefits of vitamin E including hydration, healing, minimizing fine lines and wrinkles, reducing eczema and so much more. Experts also rave about the pros of vitamin E oil. “Vitamin E serves as an antioxidant and also has moisturizing properties,” NYC-based board-certified dermatologist Marisa Garshick told The Post. “For this reason, it is often added to skincare products to provide both antioxidant and moisturizing benefits, and is especially good for those with dry skin as it helps to support the lipid barrier.” Dermatologist Charles Puza also shared that vitamin E has shown some benefits for accidental sunburn and even “reduces damage from oxidation — pollution, toxins in the environment, [and more].” Note: Be sure to consult your personal doctor before using this product, according to Puza. “Topical use of vitamin E can cause allergic contact dermatitis so be warned if an itchy rash appears after [using] it,” he said. “[You] should exercise caution and always spot test a small area of the body with a product before widespread application.” For the budget-friendly price of just $20, the Health Priority Organic Vitamin E Oil is definitely worth giving a shot!