In just over a month and a half since he was traded to the Knicks, Cam Reddish has already run the gamut of experiences in New York. The third-year wing, who cost the Knicks a first-round pick, sat out the first four games with an ankle injury, then played sporadically over a stretch with his lack of minutes prompting the Garden crowd to chant “We want Reddish.” He then sat for two more games but has since played in each of the Knicks’ last eight games, getting double-digit minutes in seven of them, in part because of injuries to RJ Barrett and Quentin Grimes. Now, there are just 21 games left in the season, but with Grimes expected to be sidelined for at least a chunk of them and the Knicks falling further out of the playoff hunt, Reddish has an important opportunity to show what he can do. “I’m trying to work my way in,” Reddish said Tuesday after practice. “Just trying to make the right play, really. Not trying to force it too much. But yeah, I think the last 20 games are definitely a good spot to start.” The 22-year-old Reddish, who is under contract with the Knicks for at least one more season, has still yet to get the real, consistent minutes that fans hoped for when he arrived in New York trying to untap his potential. But the former No. 10-overall pick, who had requested a trade from the Hawks last summer so he could take on a bigger role elsewhere, insists he is trusting the process. “I’ve just been in the gym,” Reddish said. “I feel like the rest will handle itself. I’m not too worried about my minutes at this moment. I know what I’m capable of doing on the floor, so when that time comes I just want to be ready. I’m not stressed out over the minutes at this moment.” In 11 games as a Knick, the Duke product is averaging 5.4 points in 12.5 minutes per game while shooting 36.4 percent from the field and 22.7 percent from deep. The final 21 games of the season could be an important showcase for both Reddish and the Knicks as they try to figure out their future together. Team president Leon Rose rejected a Lakers offer for Reddish at the trade deadline, despite coach Tom Thibodeau not being all-in on acquiring Reddish in the first place, The Post’s Marc Berman previously reported. Asked whether he sees himself as part of the Knicks’ future, Reddish said yes, but noted he only controls part of that decision. “I think I can do it all,” Reddish said. “So yes. But I don’t know the plans of everybody else. I’m just focused on being in the gym.” Thibodeau sounded encouraged by the 16-plus minutes Reddish turned in on Sunday against the 76ers as he recorded six points (on 3-of-6 shooting), three rebounds, two assists, one steal, one block and two turnovers. “I like the way he played in our last game,” Thibodeau said. “He gave us good activity. So, I think he’s starting to get a little more comfortable. He’s really working well. He comes in every day. And so I think he is starting to get a good feel for it.” Reddish agreed that he is feeling more comfortable with the Knicks, who will start a daunting seven-game road trip against the 76ers on Wednesday in Philadelphia. As for the pleas from the fanbase for him to play more, Reddish said he feels the support. “I see it everywhere – I can’t not see it,” he said. “But I try to just stay grounded. I appreciate all the love, I really, really do. But I’m just trying to be ready.”