In a clear test for Gov. Kathy Hochul, the Legislature’s leaders are resisting her call to renew mayoral control of New York City’s public-school system as part of this month’s package of budget bills. This is a huge slap in the face to students and parents, who deserve certainty on this front after two years of COVID madness. No one can seriously want to let control lapse, as it’s set to do in June. That would restore the old, hyper-dysfunctional Board of Education — while also leaving a hiatus with no one in charge. That is, it would leave the city’s schools at the mercy of an “independent” board, as in San Francisco — where ideologues and special interests kept schools closed far, far longer than in the city. Mayoral control gives decision-making power to someone who’s actually responsive to parents: Even Bill de Blasio largely got school reopening right. The stonewall is also a blatant bid to hamstring Mayor Eric Adams — forcing him to campaign for what should be automatic, and so further sideline his righteous push for modest fixes to the Legislature’s disastrous criminal-justice “reforms.” Which makes it a double whammy to schoolchildren: Not only does it throw their future education in doubt, it also adds to the risks to their safety on the streets and subways in this current crime wave. Villain No. 1 looks to be Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie, craftily delaying (at the expense of the Bronx families he supposedly represents) any confrontation over the no-bail law and so on. Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins might plead ignorance on how outrageous this delay is, since her district is in Westchester. But her No. 2, Queens Sen. Mike Gianaris, has no excuse: Going along with the scandalous stonewall is an insult to his own constituents — who also overwhelmingly support Adams on crime. In truth, mayoral control should be permanent: Forcing mayors to come crawling for its renewal every few years is just a cruel power play by the Legislature (and, before Hochul took over, the governor). Hochul has already foolishly bowed to Heastie & Co. in fending off Adams’ requested fixes on no-bail etc. until after the budget’s done. Having pocketed that concession, the speaker’s crew is now demanding more. The governor must say enough, refuse to accept any budget that doesn’t extend mayoral control — and so stand with Adams and the city’s schoolchildren. If she bends on this one, Heastie’s pirates will only come up with yet more outrageous demands.