Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo! “‘Baby Shark’ to the rescue!” An adorably heartwarming video has gone viral after a man captured the moment passengers on an international flight joined in singing “Baby Shark” to comfort a crying little boy. Passengers onboard a FlyDubai flight from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to Tirana, Albania had a shocking response to the young boy whose father struggled to console him during the five-hour flight. Touching video footage recorded by Parikshit Balochi, 33, a Dubai-based radio host, captured the sweet moment on Instagram writing, “everyone on the plane passed the vibe check!!” The video pans as the passengers clap and sing along to the catchy kids’ tune as the young boy begins to look around and calm down. And it’s no surprise the whole plane knew the song, “Baby Shark” became the first YouTube video to cross 10 billion views earlier this year. Balochi told Storyful that the child was sitting next to him and “was crying nonstop.” “First individually people sitting around him tried distracting him, but when nothing worked out a group of guys, including me, started singing ‘Baby Shark’ and more people joined in,” he said. “There’s no doubt that crying babies are irritating on a flight,” Balochi told Insider. He believes the video was so happily received because it reminds people that, “You’ve got to have some tolerance. It’s only a child, it’s not the end of the world.” The video was shared on Instagram and TikTok where it has received 8.3 million views and thousands of encouraging comments. “We need a world full of these type of people…” Katal- Auckland-Jammu commented. “See what can happen when we all work together instead of against each other?” Sarah Beckwith noted. “Never underestimate the kindness of strangers love it,” Tina Viik posted. Fellow parents seemed to be especially touched by the uplifting video. “It’s true when they it takes a village to raise a child,” sisanda _ nkinqa said. “Really lovely to see this, unless you are a parent, won’t know the struggle that parents do traveling by plane with their little kids,” Diyan0210 pointed out. “My two-year-old will be flying next week in American. Please have this kind of energy for me,” BDuck pleaded. “Taking my toddler on his first flight next month, lets hope everyone is as lovely as this,” Mel said. The child and the man and woman who were traveling with him have not been identified but fellow parents online spoke to their assumed gratitude. “As it was happening, I thought, ‘wow this is a cool moment, I should take out my phone,’ so I started recording,” Balochi told Insider.