Surf’s up, dudes — and welcome back to bathing suit season. Not to jinx it, but it may finally be springtime, which means that, soon enough, it will be warm enough to hit the beach or the backyard pool — or to go tanning on the roof of your apartment, at the very least. Unless you frequent the more scantily-clad beaches abroad, the one thing you’ll need to make sure you have for summer is a great pair of swim trunks. And after a year of wear from the beach and chlorine, chances are it’s time for a new suit. From baggier trunks to board shorts for days out on the boat, check out our list below for comfortable and stylish swim trunks that will make any man beach-body ready just by putting on a pair of shorts. We’ll keep this short — these are the trunks for spring and summer. The Pool Short is new for this season, coming in a seven-inch length falling above the knee and in an array of fun colors that will pop in the pool or on the beach. The coolest part may be the pocket, as it comes with a zipper closure on the side to ensure your beach belongs don’t fall out. One day you’ll be able to swim in a sea free of discarded plastic bottles, with help from these shorts. Vuori believes in a clean ocean and eco-friendly clothing, which is how the Cruise Boarshorts came about. They are made with recycled plastic bottles but feel super high-quality in and out of the water. The shorts come in a variety of colors as well, including the blue above, pink, yellow and black. You’ll come for the athletic wear, but stay for the swim. From Alo Yoga, these swim trunks combine the comfort of athletic clothing with the functionality and fabric of a swim trunk. The shorts come with a fitted waistband and drawcord and also have a Velcro closure to keep them secure in the waves, plus four-way stretch to fit most body types. Book that beach vacation, just do it. These Nike shorts are perfect for the summer, coming in bright blue, neon green, peachy orange and basic black to mix and match all season. They are also fully lined, have mesh pockets on either side and the whole suit is made of 100% recycled polyester fibers, keeping your swim sustainable. Designer dudes don’t stop just because it’s time to take a dip. Rock these Gucci swim shorts this summer with this find from Farfetch. The shorts come in navy blue, with a red racing stripe down each leg featuring the iconic Gucci logos. They are indeed functional, too, allowing you to swim with their waterproof nylon fabric and adjustable drawstring waist. Speed on over to Amazon to check these out. Speedo is a brand synonymous with swimming, and so it’s only fitting they made the list. We found this full-coverage pair of shorts on Amazon, but for those looking for the classic speedos, they have those as well. For a swimmer that’s big and tall, we have your back. Well, Ralph Lauren does, at least. Shop these stylish swim trunks in an array of extended sizes for all. They each come in fun colors, too, including the pictured sky blue, yellow, red and aqua. Make a splash this summer in a pair of stylish Hurley swim trunks. The beach brand is great for all things surfing and waves, so of course they have an array fo boardshorts to browse. The Cannonball pair come in three different fun patterns and colors, ranging in size from a small to an XXL. Hit the Bahamas or really anywhere with a pool in these rockin’ shorts. The Bloomin’ Essence pattern is super stylish and fun for summer, featuring blue and neon-tinted palm leaves. They come in an inclusive range of sizes as well, and also are sold in straight sizing, too. Why wear a suit designed for the masses when you could have one customized just for you? We had some fun designing a New York Post trunk, but you can make your own design choices if you want and we won’t mind. Head to Billabong’s site and pick the style of suit first, and then choose colors and patterns for each leg, front and back, the back pocket, drawstring and patches — and you can even add embroidered customization to the back pocket. Perfect for a present, or gift yourself a new pair — it’s all up to you. Stylish suits at amazing prices? Yes, please. Head to Shein for some of the best swimmies on a budget, including these trendy tie-dye shorts for just $13. The shorts range from a small to XXL, as do many of the styles. If tie-dye isn’t your thing, be sure to browse the rest of the men’s suits to find something you’re sure to love. For those missing European vacations, here is a suit for you. Bare it all in a comfortable swim brief that will give you the best tan lines and least bulk under shorts or pants before jumping in the water. The briefs come in both green and blue, as well as a super fun neon green with shells. Like all Vilebrequin suits, minimalism is key and, well, they are definitely minimal. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.