Ready to dust off your suitcase and go international? And what if you could score a deal to learn French ahead of your trip and win free airline tickets for just $199? During the “Are You Feeling Lucky?” promotion, this could be a reality — as it includes a giveaway for a chance to win flights for two to go anywhere (up to a $5,000 value!) if you purchase a lifetime subscription to the top-grossing language-learning app in the world, Babbel — dropped to a low $199 from March 1st until March 15th for new Babbel account users. Score an excellent deal on Babbel while entering yourself to win flights to go practice your new language skills during this limited time promotion. With over 10 million users worldwide, Babbel is ready to help you get fluent in 14 different languages, from Spanish to French to Italian. After just a month working with the app you’ll be speaking about practical topics, like dining, transportation, shopping or directions — which makes it the perfect investment ahead of your next trip. Their 10- to 15-minute bite-sized lessons fit great in even the busiest of schedules, and the speech-recognition technology helps your pronunciation stay on point so you can sound like a native speaker. And you can work at your own pace with the assurance that your progress will be synchronized across all your devices. Going to be away from the internet? No problem! You can also download courses, lessons and review items beforehand if you want to use the offline mode. PCMag said Babbel “exceeds expectations, delivering high-quality, self-paced courses,” while Fast Company named it the “most innovative company in education” in 2016. And with 4.6 stars on the App Store, every day users are loving the app. User, Teena, raved, “My children and I have already started to learn Spanish. The opportunity to learn multiple languages and use Babbel for 100 years is amazing.” Are you feeling lucky? Take advantage of this promotion, running from March 1st to March 15th, to snag a lifetime subscription for all languages on Babbel for just $199, and also get the chance to win flights for two — anywhere in the world. Prices subject to change.