Zoë Kravitz earned much critical acclaim for her role as mom Bonnie Carlson in HBO’s “Big Little Lies.” But the fashion model, 33, recently revealed she wasn’t too happy about filming the drama in parts of Monterey, California, citing the area’s apparent lack of diversity. “There were a few moments where I felt a little uncomfortable because it is such a white area,” the biracial actress, who is of mixed African-American and Jewish descent, told the Guardian about the uneasiness she felt while shooting the 2017 series. “Just weird, racist people in bars and things like that.” She also added that the role of Bonnie was “originally written for a white person.” “Big Little Lies” starred Kravitz, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and Laura Dern as a group of mothers involved in a murder investigation. The “X-Men: First Class” star can now be seen as Catwoman in the Robert Pattinson-fronted superhero flick “The Batman.” But it almost wasn’t her first appearance alongside the Caped Crusader. Kravitz opened up about wanting to audition for Christopher Nolan’s iteration of the Batman comic — the 2012 movie “The Dark Knight Rises.” However, she claimed she didn’t get the chance because she was told she was too “urban” for the role. “Being a woman of color and being an actor and being told at that time that I wasn’t able to read because of the color of my skin, and the word urban being thrown around like that, that was what was really hard about that moment,” said Kravitz, who said she didn’t know whether the declaration came “directly” from Chris Nolan, adding that she thought “it was probably a casting director of some kind, or a casting director’s assistant.” Kravitz didn’t reveal if the role she auditioned for was Selina Kyle/Catwoman, which was ultimately played by Anne Hathaway in the 2012 film. She had previously spoken about her audition in a 2015 interview with Nylon and stated that she didn’t get into the casting room because the movie wasn’t “going urban” for the part. “It was like, ‘What does that have to do with anything?’ I have to play the role like, ‘Yo, what’s up, Batman? What’s going on with you?’” the “Divergent” alum said at the time. “The Batman” flew into theaters on March 4 and has been breaking box office records. It is currently the second-largest opening during the coronavirus pandemic era (just behind “Spider-Man: No Way Home”). The Matt Reeves film earned $128.5 million on its opening weekend, which is more than any other movie this year so far. It also beat out the recent Mark Wahlberg and Tom Holland adventure “Uncharted.” 