From celebrity fans such as Julia Roberts and Mindy Kaling to Lizzo and Jessica Alba, BaubleBar is well-loved. But celebrities aren’t the only ones obsessed with the brand. In fact, BaubleBar’s moderately priced pieces make it a popular choice for many. Best of all, BaubleBar doesn’t hold back on offering unbeatable deals, such as the current Semi-Annual Stock Up event. During the sale, buyers can enjoy 20% off everything. That includes discounts on bracelets, charms, rings, earrings and more. To access the 20% off discount, simply add your choice products to your cart and apply code SEMI20 at checkout. To help you discover the top BaubleBar shopping options, we rounded up our favorite picks below. The 20% off discount is already reflected. The brand’s best selling ring meets a slim design with the Mini Alidia Ring. Adorn your hands with glass and resin stones, 14K gold plated brass and a variety of gorgeous color great for stacking. Bring the happiest place on earth with you wherever you go. Simply clasp this adorable pearl Mickey Mouse charm onto any purse, backpack or tote. The best part? This piece is made with 1,800 hand-applied pearls. Shop all Disney here. Everyone is obsessed with BaubleBar’s best-selling pisa bracelet. Now, it gets an personal upgrade featuring gold discs and lettering Choose to engrave a name, phrase, or add symbols. From BaubleBar’s Fine Collection, enjoy four pairs of CZ embellished huggie hoops. Each set is perfect for work, going out and everything in between. Materials used include cubic zirconia stones and 18k gold plated sterling silver. Shop all Fine Collection picks here. Made for every occasion, the Bennett Tennis Necklace is your ideal accessory. Look forward to 18K gold plated sterling silver and Cubic Zirconia Stones. Shop the entire Bennett Collection here. Who said BaubleBar was only a hot shop for jewelry? If you haven’t heard, the brand creates adorable custom cases like this best-selling All The Beige case. Personalize it with up to 12 characters. Shop all phone cases here. Who doesn’t want a handmade bracelet? Simply choose a name or phrase that stands out to you and look forward to an everyday staple. Best of all, this bracelet is ideal for stacking and looks extra sleek. Shop the entire Pisa Collection here. Large, lightweight hoops? Yes, please! Pair these cuties with jeans, a T-shirt, going-out dress or whatever your heart desires. You’re sure to wear them countless times. Nothing says effortless elegance like a classic tennis bracelet. With details such as a strand of crystals, gold plating and a fold-over clasp, you’ll fall in love. Shop all bracelets here. As the brand says, “A girl needs options,” and we agree! So enjoy the beauty of choice with this stackable ring set. Each ring is made with 18K gold plated sterling silver, making them stand the test of time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.