The astro stars may shine on the the starry Oscar-nominated flick you should screen. Hosted by Regina Hall, Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes, this year’s Academy Awards ceremony recognizes outstanding contributions in film and will hopefully help the show rebound from last year’s record low ratings. With 10 contenders (with some staggeringly long run times among them) for Best Picture, there’s a lot of cinema to sort through. Fear not. For your viewing pleasure and astrological betterment we have matched a nominated film to each zodiac sign. Aries is the impulsive, impatient first sign of the zodiac, and Paul Thomas Anderson’s “Licorice Pizza” orbits around firsts: first love, first impressions, first failures. There’s also running, lots and lots of running. Whether sprinting away from the law or towards another person that velocity is Aries energy encapsulated. In terms of the physical body, Taurus rules the throat, and “CODA” is a coming-of-age tale about learning to use your voice and learning to balance familial obligation and personal desire, a pitch-perfect pick for the people of the bull. As fellow Gemini Walt Whitman espoused, we all contain multitudes, and Jane Campion’s adaptation of Thomas Savage’s novel, “The Power of the Dog,” proves the sentiment true again and again. Through the characters of Phil and Peter we witness the extreme swings of brutality and tenderness present in all of us, a duality Geminis will recognize and celebrate. Cancer rules the fourth house of home and ancestry, and crabs should clamor to see Kenneth Branagh’s “Belfast.” The film is essentially a love letter to Branagh’s Irish childhood, seen and felt from the aching perspective of a 9-year-old boy. Cancers have a habit of being nostalgic to the point of delusion, so it is fitting that the movie is filmed in black and white, the palette of memory. Even the closing credits read like a moon child eulogy, “For the ones who stayed. For the ones who left. And for all the ones who were lost.” As the most romantic and unabashedly theatrical sign in the zodiac, Leos will find that Steven Spielberg’s rendition of “West Side Story” resonates with them. This retelling of “Romeo and Juliet” delivers high drama, bold costumes, choreographed dancing, outbursts of song and serious passion, top priorities for Leos in art, sex and daily routines. The gift bestowed upon Virgos is the ability to see the true potential in all things, even, and especially, their own progeny. Enter “King Richard,” a biopic about Venus and Serena Williams’ brilliant, punishing daddy-o who insisted on excellence while demanding humility. Virgos will appreciate that Richard was a man with a plan who recognized that the path to greatness is paved with a 78-page manual. Ruled by Venus, planet of love, beauty, music and aesthetics, Libras will enjoy the sound and style of “Summer of Soul.” Questlove’s documentary about the 1969 Harlem Cultural Festival explores how and why a powerful moment in history was largely expunged from the collective consciousness. His mission to bring that power into the light of today is in keeping with the scales and balances that symbolize Libran ideals of justice and equality. Scorpio is ruled by Pluto, the planet of transformation through trauma. Enter “Drive My Car,” which examines the relationship between a recently widowed and quasi guilt-ridden playwright and his chauffeur, a young woman with personal losses and secret regrets of her own. The film perfectly encapsulates the lesson of Scorpio energy: that it is only by sharing our shadows that we are ever truly seen. Sagittarius rules the ninth house of philosophy, higher learning, travel and mind expansion, a want list that gets dutifully checked off in Denis Villeneuve’s remake of “Dune.” Sagittarians are seekers, always looking for the wind — or, in this case, dust storm — that will carry them toward a new horizon. And they’re ever open to psychedelic substances, plants, powders, frogs and “spice” that will shift their world view. Striving, climbing Capricorns will feel called to Guillermo del Toro’s “Nightmare Alley.” Starring Cap daddy Bradley Cooper as an increasingly ambitious grifter, the movie examines what is lost in the pursuit of having it all. Capricorns who low-key love luxury and sharp-dressed men will revel in the film’s decadently dark aesthetic and sympathize with Cooper’s character who goes to great and devastating lengths to get ahead. With two planetary rulers, status quo-supporting Saturn and free-wheeling Uranus, Aquarius is the natural habitat of satire. Additionally, Aquarius rules technology, electricity and astronomy, making “Don’t Look Up,” the tale of two scientists who discover a deadly comet, required viewing for water bearers. Pisces is the domain of dreams, delusions, secrets and deceit. All hallmarks of Joel Coen’s “The Tragedy of Macbeth.” Indeed, Pisces energy is intuitive, bordering on psychic, and the story begins with a prophecy that sets the stage for destruction. Dreams haunt the characters, and the veil of reality grows ever thinner as the king and queen unravel. Pisces rules the twelfth house of the unconscious mind and all that is unseen. If that house were indeed a home it would be the sharp angles, searing light, muted palette and ghostly echoes of Inverness Castle. The 94th annual Oscars will air Sunday, March 27. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.