A 67-year-old man was hurt – and two firefighters briefly trapped – when a massive blaze broke out early Wednesday, causing a partial collapse in a Brooklyn home with a hoarding condition, the FDNY said. Firefighters responded just after 4 a.m. to the two-story home on East 9th Street near Foster Avenue in Kensington, where they encountered heavy fire on the first and second floors, officials said. Units found a 67-year-old man in the basement, who was not breathing and in cardiac arrest, the FDNY said. The victim was “unconscious and entangled in a chair,” according to Captain Jim Kiesling from Squad One of the FDNY’s Special Operations Command, who was on scene. “So I immediately transmitted an urgent [call over the radio] which will clear the air,” Kiesling said. “The chief acknowledged, and by the time I got him untangled and brought him over to the doors, help was already there. We wrapped webbing straps around him, and they proceeded to extricate the victim.” He was taken to Maimonides Medical Center, where he was listed in stable condition Wednesday afternoon, police said. But then the next challenge came – the second floor partially collapsed onto the first floor, pinning Kiesling and another firefighter. “We call it a lean-to collapse – it collapses at an angle [with] half it on the wall half it on the floor,” the captain said. “Unfortunately where I was, I was in between the bottom and the floor, so it flattened me,” he recalled. “The floor was all charcoal and the floor was flaming. So it pinned me to the ground and it was burning me. I was trying to get out, but I couldn’t.” He said his colleagues helped force him out – and he ultimately left the building shoeless. “I was trying to hold my boots on, because I know if it’s burning my stomach and my legs, it’s gonna burn my feet, but it eventually was burning my legs too much,” he said. “So I let my feet relax, and they were able to pull me out and I did a knee-walk over to the window, and the guys helped me out in the back.” In total, five firefighters were hospitalized with minor injuries, according to FDNY Deputy Chief Joseph Duggan, Jr. The cause of the blaze remained under investigation later in the day, but Duggan said the building had a “Collyer’s Mansion-type condition” — a reference to the infamous brothers who were found dead inside their Harlem brownstone in 1947 amid a severe hoarding condition. “We encountered a lot of debris, a lot of internal cluttering on the first and second floors,” Duggan said. “We think the fire was running for some time before we were notified of it.” A total of 138 firefighters responded to the fire, which was under control by around 6:20 a.m., the FDNY said. “This fire [is] going to demonstrate two things for this city,” Duggan said. “Number one: the incredible teamwork that is necessary to extinguish a fire. And number two, the dangers that we encounter.”