The Knicks have posted a better winning percentage than their opponents on Wednesday night have this season, even if the undermanned Trail Blazers have a far more realistic chance to reach the playoffs in the opposite conference. The Knicks kept their faint postseason hopes mathematically alive, while damaging Portland’s chances, however, with a 128-98 blowout victory in their first game at the Garden in more than two weeks following a seven-game road trip. RJ Barrett poured in 21 of his game-high 31 points in the first half as the Knicks improved to 29-40 to inch within five games of the No. 10 play-in spot in the Eastern Conference with 13 games to play. They now trail Atlanta by that amount after the Hawks (34-35) lost to and were leapfrogged in the standings by the Hornets. Julius Randle totaled 20 points with nine rebounds and seven assists, Immanuel Quickley scored 18 and Evan Fournier finished with 14 — including his 200th 3-pointer of the season to move within 16 of John Starks’ franchise record of 217 from 1994-95. Josh Hart had 17 points to lead the Chauncey Billups-coached Blazers (26-42). They began the day one game out of the No. 10 spot in the West despite the absence of All-Star guard Damian Lillard since December (abdominal surgery) and the trades of CJ McCollum and Norman Powell at last month’s deadline. One day after Tom Thibodeau declined to answer whether he’d received any assurances from the front office about returning next season, Bleacher Report cited sources saying he is “expected to remain” the Knicks’ head coach beyond this season. “I told you yesterday, I don’t worry about any of that stuff,” Thibodeau reiterated before Wednesday’s game. Thibodeau, who has three years remaining on the five-year contract he signed in July 2020, had been only slightly more expansive following Tuesday’s practice, saying, “I don’t worry about any of that stuff. Just coach the team. Coach the team, get ready for the next day. Never have. I know what I put into the job.” Thibodeau earned NBA Coach of the Year honors last year in leading the Knicks to a 41-31 record and their first playoff berth since 2013 before losing in the first round in five games to the Hawks. They have slipped back to nearly being mathematically eliminated from a return to the playoffs, however, finishing their 3-4 road trip Sunday in Brooklyn with a 28-40 overall record, leaving them 5 ½ games behind the Hornets for the 10th play-in position in the Eastern Conference with 14 games to play entering Wednesday’ league action. The Knicks have underperformed this season after Rose added two new starters in the backcourt, veteran guards Fournier and Kemba Walker, The latter has been shut down for the season. Thibodeau favorite Derrick Rose also has missed the past few months following December ankle surgery. They squandered second-half leads on their recent road trip against top teams in stops in Philadelphia, Phoenix, Memphis and Brooklyn. “Well, I think we’ve played really good basketball since the All-Star break,” Thibodeau said. “And so we’re playing a lot of young guys that are getting valuable experience.” Barrett (19.5 points per game) has stated a goal to finish the season with a scoring average of at least 20.0, and the lefty wing netted 14 in the first quarter as the Knicks grabbed a 37-29 lead. They extended that cushion to 11 by intermission, 66-55, with Barrett finishing the first half with 21 and Randle adding 10 with six of the Knicks’ 19 assists through two quarters. That duo also combined for 15 points in the third as the Knicks pushed their lead to 94-74 entering the final period.