The weather is about to spring into full bloom — which means reading outside while soaking in the fresh air will soon be possible. On Audible, it’s never been easier to listen where-ever you may be with your next go-to book and perhaps a picnic basket. With favorite titles — hint hint, check out Reese Witherspoon’s Book Club — you’ll soon make it your daily mission to read (or listen) every day. If you haven’t tried out the popular listening platform yet, you can sign up for a 30-day free trial of Audible here. And it’s not just books — you’ll have access to podcasts and even sleep tracks for a good night’s rest. As an avid reader, I make it a mission to read at least 50 pages of my favorite genre (that being rom-com), though I can typically finish a book in a day if it’s that good. With all of my book downloads and trips to the library, rest assured that the 20 best audible books to read in spring 2022 is the only seasonal list you’ll need. Not to mention, I’ve been in communication with publishers to read much-anticipated new releases ahead of their launch dates, including titles from cherished authors like Georgia Clark, Colleen Hoover, Rebecca Serle and Josie Silver. Ahead, find the 20 best spring books to add to your personal library this season. It’s time to release my inner book critic and Goodreads five-star-rater. Rebecca Serle is the queen of literary realism, and “One Italian Summer” is no exception to her track record. This hot new release is part of most book lists — and not just for its riveting cover of the Italian riviera. When Katy’s mother dies, she sets out on a solo trip to Positano, the southern landmark of lemons, luscious relaxation and lots of oceanic scenes. It’s one of the most thought-provoking books I read this year, surrounding the theme of discovering your true identity, overcoming grief on your own terms and finding magic along the way. Georgia Clark is one of the most inspiring authors I’ve had the pleasure of crossing paths with through her writing. “Island Time” is her upcoming release that centers on a family who becomes stranded on an Australian island after a volcano erupts. It’s a wonderful, light read to take with you on vacation or to read when the sun’s shining. What makes this work stand out from the rest is how beautifully Clark weaves her characters together; each one has a different personality and different subplots to follow. Plus, there are underlying themes of gender equality, authenticity and living life one day at a time. Oh, how sweet this debut novel is from Rebecca Hardiman. “Good Eggs” homes in on three generations of a whimsical Irish family whose tensions ignite once a home aide enters their lives. Filled with much wisdom (after all, an eighty-three-year-old), this casual read leaves you with the feeling that life is never too old to start living and that no single family is perfect — and that’s just part of what fills up your cup. Truth be told, I’ve read “One Day in December” and “The Two Lives of Lydia Bird” by Josie Silver and, while I’d read them again, nothing compares to the author’s new release, “One Night on the Island.” In this charming rom-com, Cleo scurries out of the country from her editorial job and into the throes of a remote Irish island to celebrate her thirtieth birthday. But, when she arrives, a handsome Boston native is already nice and cozy in what should have been Cleo’s rental property. This easy-to-follow “opposites attract” novel is heartfelt and gave me all the feels (seriously, I was on the brink of tears at times). It’s phenomenal and worth the read. I’ve read a boatload of rom-com novels (as if you couldn’t already tell), but when I say Kate Spencer’s debut novel “In a New York Minute” was one of the best ones I’ve read in a while, I’m not kidding. When Franny is laid off from her interior design job, her dress ends up ripping when caught in a NYC subway door — as if her day couldn’t get any worse. But, when a well-suited man gives her his jacket, they end up going viral on social media. You’ll just have to read it to find out the rest, but I seriously couldn’t put this one down. I loved all the modern-day language, too, and it is totally relatable if you’re a Gen Z or millennial; this one is such a gem! Oh, Colleen Hoover. Like many avid readers, I’ve read a good amount of her novels (like “November 9” and “Verity“), though “Reminders of Him” was the most emotion-packed and beautifully woven together. After five years in prison due to a tragic mishap, Kenna has her eyes after two things: (1) reinventing herself and (2) reconnecting with her daughter. When she runs into a bartender who’s the only connected trace of finding her, things become interesting. The ending is the most shocking and hand-to-heart moment I’ve had in a while and, though a bit heavier than other books on the list, you won’t regret reading this one. If you follow new releases, you likely know that “The Love Hypothesis” has received all the acclaim. It’s especially great for science lovers, college students and those who love all things academia. I especially loved this collegiate-grounded plot, circling a bright PhD student and a professor with a cold interior. It’s another novel that’s a must-read (and, it gets quite steamy), great for fans of traditional rom-coms. As a journalist, I, of course, had to read “Weather Girl.” Perfect for fans of “The Ex Talk” (Rachel Lynn Solomon’s other novel I enjoyed), the meteorologist and sports reporter relationship was unique to follow and a delight for the whimsically minded. Not to mention, it’s relatable to the masses, with undercurrents of mental health advocacy and a whole bunch of weather-related puns, metaphors and proverbs. As a devout fan of Sara Desai’s “The Marriage Game,” her recent release is chock-full of Indian culture and romance. After a devasting breakup, Zara is accustomed to sitting at the singles table for her schedule of weddings and happens to cross paths with someone she doesn’t particularly like: Jay. As a celebrity-obsessed lawyer, Zara strikes a deal with Jay to play matchmaker for him if he’ll connect her to his roster of connections. It’s unpredictable, well-written and a lovely warm-weather read. As a new author, “Without a Hitch” is one of those wonderfully woven reads that continues to be a source of inspiration for me. Written by a duo with experience in the wedding planning business, “Without a Hitch” centers on a twenty-something Lottie who lands a new career at an upscale wedding boutique firm where she’s planning lavish, bouquet-filled ceremonies. But, the kicker: Lottie is faced with planning her ex-boyfriend’s wedding. This novel has a refreshing angle on southern charm, facing your fears and perhaps falling in love along the way. As mentioned, Clark has my heart for her beautiful writing. “It Had to Be You” is a modern take on “Love Actually,” centering on a handful of NYC natives who are all woven together in some capacity. This witty rom-com features Liv, who recently lost her husband, and eventually takes over their co-owned wedding business with his secret girlfriend, Savannah — a younger, southern blonde. It’s a sexy and charming tale rolled into one amazing work. Add “The Dinner List” to your reading list along with Serle’s recent novel, “One Italian Summer.” Another literary realism pick, the extremely light read focuses on the question: “If you can have dinner with five people, living or dead, who would they be?” The protagonist happens to experience that in reality, where a long dinner party leads to past reflections on love and life — and unchartered territory. It’s a fun, different book that would be great for a book club, too. I had the pleasure of reading “The First Time We Met” this year and, even halfway through it, I knew it was going to be one of my favorites. Izzy has a “love at first sight” moment when Sam walks into her cafe workplace one morning. But, she soon realizes that this sparks-fly connection happens on his wedding day. After a future of reconnecting, they learn that perhaps these moments are real and meant-to-be. It’s a sweet flip-through that is sure to make you swoon. Perfect for cruise lovers and those looking for the perfect book to transition you into summertime, “The Summer Sail” is, by far, my prized recommendation for you. Three middle-aged former roommates spend a vacation on a cruise to Bermuda: one who’s looking to connect more with her daughter, another who seems to be the perfect wife but has a lingering secret and another who’s anxiously waiting for her boyfriend to pop the question. It was the perfect amount of intrigue to keep me reading but filled with many summer scenes to keep it light — absolutely perfect and definitely a hidden gem in the bunch. Have you ever wondered what it’s like to be paid to be a bridesmaid? Well, that’s what happened to Willa in “The Wedding Ringer,” and this book deserves way more praise than it currently has. Filled with strong themes of friendship, love and finding your own path, it’s one of those rom-coms that’s not cliche and will keep you on your toes. I absolutely love how brilliant “Cheat Day” is, Liv Stratman’s debut novel. With a double entendre of cheating in love and cheating with your diet, it’s one of the most realistic takes on love and “figuring it out,” that I’ve read. Also, if you’re keen on books that take place in New York, the quaint Brooklyn bakery scene will steal your heart. I am already getting revved up when typing my brief review of “The Husbands,” a suburban murder mystery and marriage tale that I’m still thinking about after reading. When successful attorney Nora stumbles across a swanky suburban neighborhood, Dynasty Ranch, she knows it would be the perfect spot to continue packing the kids’ lunches and replacing the toilet paper — things her husband doesn’t do, which leads to some angst. Her soon-to-be neighbors fill her in on a recent murder, surrounding a fire, and ask her to represent the case. Little does she know that she’s investigating much more. It’s amazing and one of my favorite books I read recently. It doesn’t matter what type of book genre you prefer, I swear that everyone has to get their hands on “Cultish” by Amanda Montell. No, it doesn’t simply talk about cults and spirituality (though the points she makes are exceptional). I found myself taking ample notes on how modern-day institutions, like boutique fitness classes and trending businesses, can be reminiscent of cult-like behavior. I love how extensive Montell’s descriptions go, especially how she defines “cultish” as a language that’s not limited to one institution. It’s such a clever, educational read. I savored “Made In Manhattan,” Lauren Layne’s most recent release. It’s a reverse take on “My Fair Lady,” centering on Violet, who lives on the Upper East Side of Manhattan — very “Gossip Girl.” When her beloved grandmother asks her to teach a dear friend the ins and outs of NYC, she has an enemies-to-lovers encounter that heats up over time. It’s a cute, socialite-surrounding favorite of mine that I recommend tenfold. I absolutely adored Hannah Orenstein’s rom-com, “Love at First Like,” focusing on Eliza, who accidentally posts a photo of her wearing an engagement ring from the jewelry boutique she co-owns with her sister. When sales skyrocket, she decides to fake a “secret fiance.” On a quest to find love, she ends up meeting someone special. It’s a modern-day novel that’s worth diving into this spring, along with her upcoming release, “Meant to Be Mine” (which is next on my list). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.