The man accused of fatally shooting Beverly Hills philanthropist Jacqueline Avant in her home last year pleaded guilty Thursday to first-degree murder — and now faces up to 170 years in prison. Aariel Maynor, 30, pleaded guilty in a Los Angeles court to charges of attempted murder and possession of a firearm by a felon for the Dec. 1 crime, which left one of Los Angeles’ poshest neighborhoods shocked, according to the LA County District Attorney’s office. He also pleaded guilty to first-degree residential burglary with a person present and admitted to a charge of using an assault rifle in committing the crimes. Maynor was accused of breaking into the home Avant shared with her music executive husband, Clarence, at around 2:30 a.m. and shooting the 81-year old with an AR-15 rifle. He also shot at a security guard, who was not injured. Police said Clarence was at home during the incident but didn’t see the shooting. Maynor fled the scene in a vehicle and was arrested after he accidentally shot himself in the foot while trying to break into another home in the Hollywood Hills. The violent shooting sent shockwaves in the exclusive Trousdale Estates neighborhood in Beverly Hills, where the Avants lived. “This crime continues to shock the conscience. Mrs. Avant’s death was a tragic loss felt by our entire community,” LA County District Attorney George Gascón said in a statement. “In this case, the defendant is facing 170 years to life in prison and is ineligible for elderly parole. Our Bureau of Victim Services will continue to be in contact with the family and their representatives to offer trauma-informed services.” Beverly Hills Police Chief Mark Stainbrook said Maynor had an extensive criminal record and had been out on parole at the time of the slaying. Maynor pleaded no contest to a domestic violence charge in July 2013 and was placed on probation for 36 months. He was also convicted of grand theft in 2010 and sentenced to 20 days in county jail and three years of formal probation. Maynor’s sentencing is scheduled for March 30.