Don’t pass on this advice. The 20 most common, easy to guess passwords that hackers have been — and currently continue — vulnerably circulating around the lurches of deep web has been detailed in a new report from CNBC. Though the ordinary web surfer has about 100 passwords they have to remember says NordPass, making weak clearance codes for even the most insignificant of accounts can still risk exposure of sensitive, personal information, CNBC reported. There’s been an estimated 80 percent of online consumers who have had emails leaked onto the dark web in addition to 70 percent whose phone numbers have circulated on the shady pages, according cloud security company Lookout. Protecting yourself online, albeit while shopping, perusing social media, or while working is an issue that matters more than ever as the world is currently in an atrocious climate for cybersecurity breaches. The US faced a record number of data breaches in 2021 at 1,862 — 68 percent higher than in 2020, Identity Theft Resource Center published in January. That’s in addition to near daily reports of worldwide hacking since Russia’s invasion of the Ukraine, with the victims ranging from global enterprises like Toyota, political figures from New York to Europe, and of course everyday civilians. American banks also fear the wrath of of a potential hack coming in the near future, according to CNBC. If this unpleasant wake-up call has you wanting to lock your cyber doors, here’s some advice from Lockout. “Always use strong and unique passwords. If your online account password is ever leaked as part of a data breach, change your password immediately,” the company advises, also recommending to utilize two-factor authentication over SMS text validation. It’s also crucial to “think twice before you share your personal data” and to “consider why a company is requesting your email address and what they might do with it before you enter it online.” “If a store asks for your birth date, driver’s license or phone number, you can decline to share that information.” On top of all that, these are 20 most common passwords leaked out to the dark web, per CNBC and Lockout: