Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, a top Democrat in the House, backed Gov. Kathy Hochul’s gubernatorial bid Sunday, adding to her long list of endorsements from New York lawmakers. Jeffries — a front-runner to replace House Speaker Nancy Pelosi when she leaves Congress — said Hochul had “hit the ground running” since replacing disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo in August. “Governor Hochul has proven herself to be a tireless advocate for all New Yorkers and is dedicated to addressing the needs of working families,” he said in a press release. “From creating good-paying jobs to keeping our communities safe and getting our schools back on track, Governor Hochul has hit the ground running to build a New York that leaves no one behind.” “She is the right choice for governor and I’m proud to endorse her for a full term,” added Jeffries, who represents swaths of Brooklyn and Queens. Hochul — who revealed shortly before taking office she would seek a full term as the state’s chief executive — welcomed Jeffries’ support ahead of the June Democratic primary. “I am honored to be endorsed by Congressman Hakeem Jeffries whose leadership in Congress has benefited families across New York and the nation,” she said in a prepared statement. “Hakeem has a proven track record of getting things done and championing policies that make his district a better place to live, work and raise a family,” the governor added. “I am grateful to have Congressman Jeffries’ support and look forward to building on our progress to deliver results for New Yorkers.” Several other Democratic members of New York City’s congressional delegation have backed Hochul as Cuomo has both publicly and privately indicated he is considering launching a longshot attempt to oust her. On Thursday, Rep. Ritchie Torres (D-Bronx) endorsed the sitting governor, touting her “proven record fighting for New Yorkers,” a day after Rep. Adriano Espaillat (D-Upper Manhattan) did so while praising her “work ethic, determination, and a commitment.” Rep. Gregory Meeks, the Queens Democratic Party boss, and Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-Upper West Side) have also recently backed Hochul. In the Democratic primary, Hochul currently faces a field that includes Public Advocate Jumaane Williams to her left and Rep. Tom Suozzi of Long Island to her right. Hochul has a comfortable lead in most polls, though a recent Emerson College survey shows the scandal-scarred Cuomo would trail his former running mate by just 4 points should he enter the Democratic primary race. In November’s general election, Hochul will likely face Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-Long Island), who in June will compete against a crop of Republican primary candidates that includes Andrew Giuliani, former Mayor Rudy Giuliani’s son, and GOP businessman and former state comptroller candidate Harry Wilson.