Pat McAfee won’t tolerate the spread of “misinformation” about his friend and frequent radio show guest, Aaron Rodgers. During the Tuesday episode of “The Pat McAfee Show,” the host put NFL reporters on blast for sharing “categorically false” reports about the Packers quarterback and his new contract. McAfee, who was first to break the news that Rodgers will return to Green Bay, specifically called out NFL Network reporter Ian Rapoport for his tweet, which claimed Rodgers and the Packers agreed to terms on a four-year, $200 million deal. “There was no deal in place,” McAfee said, claiming that Rodgers himself called him and denied that he struck a $200 million landmark deal. “My sources say maybe that deal was proposed… but maybe this is about Aaron just wanting to have more respect in the building and in the football world.” Instead, McAfee said Rodgers and the Packers will work out “a cap friendly deal” — something that Rodgers made “very clear” on the call. McAfee claimed that while Rodgers will “get paid,” the quarterback’s contract won’t be near the $200 million-mark, because the quarterback “wants his friends back,” whom also need deals. “The contract has not been done. He would like his people back to go on another run with his people… There is no deal, and in the deal he’s getting projected, people are getting projected.” McAfee also slammed NFL Network for claiming Rapoport — a regular guest on McAfee’s show — was first to report the news of Rodgers’ decision, when “I was three minutes before.” He said Rapoport’s report about Rodgers agreeing to $200 million creates a narrative that the quarterback is “selfish” and “a bad businessman” — when in reality, “that goes against everything [Rodgers] stands for as a human.” “Everyone else is crediting Ian Rapoport and the NFL Network for being first to report the news about Rodgers’ decision… I was three minutes before… I still believe if we’re doing the little journalistic integrity, I don’t know how the hell this has become the storyline,” McAfee said, referencing Rapoport’s tweet. McAfee also took to Twitter to call out ESPN Packers reporter Rob Demovsky, whose story on Rodgers’ return initially said NFL Network first reported the news. “@RobDemovsky is that right Bob?” McAfee wrote with a screenshot of the story. Demovsky responded by writing, “No, it’s not right. Someone added that and I will get that changed. That should not have happened.” The story was edited to add McAfee before NFL Network. Rodgers reached his decision by going into a “deep state of meditation” and speaking with a lot of people. “He completely removed himself during the process of figuring out what he wanted to do. He wanted to get away and figure out, ‘What do I actually want?’ — and I guess retirement was a real thought,” McAfee said, adding that Rodgers had “a lot of contemplation about retirement.” Rodgers seemed to back up McAfee’s version later in the day on Tuesday, the deadline for NFL teams to use the franchise or transition tag. “Hey everyone, just wanted to clear some things up; YES I will be playing with the Packers next year, however, reports about me signing a contract are inaccurate, as are the supposed terms of the contract I ‘signed.’ I’m very excited to be back,” Rodgers tweeted.