When Kelly Stafford moved from Detroit to Los Angeles last year with her husband, Rams quarterback Matthew Stafford, and the couple’s four daughters, she knew she wanted to make her voice heard, sharing the message that what may be perceived as perfection on social media is likely nowhere close to reality. “What I felt was, there was not a lot of authenticity in what I was seeing on Instagram, and moving to L.A., I was a little nervous as to what I would see in real life and listen to,” Kelly recently told The Post. “I wanted to put my voice out there, more for moms and families, just let people know that it’s crazy and some days you’re not going to be the best mom, and that’s OK, you’re going to make mistakes.” Enter “The Morning After with Kelly Stafford,” a weekly podcast hosted by Kelly, where she touches upon a wide range of topics, including her home life with Matthew, 34, and their children: 4-year-old twins Sawyer and Chandler; Hunter, 3; and Tyler, 1. In its debut season, the podcast has highlighted the Rams’ recent Super Bowl win and the whirlwind of festivities that followed. Other episodes have focused on the challenges Kelly has faced in the parenting space, her past experience with IVF and saying “F it” to the post-pregnancy snapback. “I just really wanted to put something out there that, people might think you have your life altogether — I feel like I was told all the time, ‘Oh your kids are so perfectly behaved,’ and I’m like, ‘Whoa, whoa, whoa, no.’ My life looks good on social media, but let me really tell you guys what’s real in my life,” she said. “I just felt like I wanted to get my voice out there and kind of give moms a chance to laugh and realize it’s OK.” The feedback has been positive, according to Kelly, and her audience — which she says has been parents, families and football fans — clearly appreciate her perspective as “The Morning After” currently holds a rating of 4.8 out of 5 stars. But beyond the metrics, Kelly is enjoying this new adventure life has taken her on as she and her family gear up for their sophomore season in Los Angeles, after her husband recently inked a four-year contract extension with the Rams that’s worth up to $160 million with $135 million guaranteed. “It’s fun also to feel like I have my own thing apart from my husband,” Kelly said of Matthew, who made an early-bird appearance on “The Morning After” following the Rams’ Super Bowl win in February. “My whole past 15 years of my life has been, ‘Yeah, that’s cool, what’s Matthew up to?'” Kelly said. “And I’m like, ‘Oh, did you not hear anything I just said?’ I’m so appreciative of everyone who does listen and hope they continue to. I just think it’s a fun thing, a fun podcast and it really brings real-life into conversations… It keeps me grounded and it’s who I am and who I want to continue to be and also, a look into a life that’s not perfect and things of that nature.” While “The Morning After” will remain a weekly podcast, including in the offseason, Kelly hasn’t ruled out the possibility of adding more episodes per week in the future. In the meantime, however, she is readying to welcome more guests into the studio. “The most likely guests that we’ll start with is people closest to me that many might not know, but are moms and are dealing with the same struggles that everybody else is when having a baby,” she said. “Maybe when Matthew’s done, if I’m still doing this, I’ll consider a few more times a week or when my kids grow up a little more, but right now, this is really fun and I’m truly loving it so I’m going to keep it what it is right now and then, maybe, as time goes on, kind of venture out and add more episodes.” Beyond her podcasting duties, Kelly plans to reconnect with Matthew and their family this offseason, as they continue to savor the quarterback’s first Super Bowl title. “I’m just happy for him, he worked hard for that and battled in Michigan a long time and for him to come out first year, I was pretty pumped for him,” Kelly said. New episodes of “The Morning After with Kelly Stafford” drop Tuesdays.