While the rest of us were vegging out during various COVID quarantines, Alicia Keys — the 15-time Grammy winner who’s up for Song of the Year again on April 3 — home-schooled sons Egypt, 11, and Genesis, 7 (with husband Swizz Beatz); released her eighth album, “Keys,” and her best-selling memoir, “More Myself”; and launched a skin-care line, Keys Soulcare. She kept up the pace this month, publishing the young-adult graphic novel “Girl on Fire” and debuting her Athleta x Alicia Keys capsule collection of workout wear. But she also journals, meditates and takes long baths to stay centered. “I love the idea of prioritizing connecting with yourself and knowing who you are and what you feel, and realizing that there is no ceiling that can stop you,” says Keys, 41. Here are a few of the things that soothe the singer’s mind, body and soul. “It adds a beautiful glow to my skin — whether I’m wearing it completely by itself, or putting it underneath my blush.” “I love Valentino bags and especially love this gorgeous purple one — my favorite color.” “I am a sneaker fanatic! I am obsessed with the Nike classics and Air Force 1s. I am into all the spins on the classics — the Off-White x Air Force 1s are crazy.” “Mother jeans just fit my curves. They have more boyish styles and more feminine styles, and they are all great.” “I just completely love these gold sunglasses.” “Mama Medicine [aka Deborah Hanekamp] creates these beautiful bath rituals that include flowers, salts, incense, stones and crystals. They are really powerful and healing.” “This is my go-to, an absolute favorite. I put a tiny bit in the crease of my upper lid and it still looks super natural.” “I finally learned how to keep them alive, which is exciting. What is so beautiful about having a plant is that you can continue to nurture and nourish it. Something about that just feels good, ya know?” “My favorite item in my home is my Steinway baby grand piano. It’s the first piano I ever had, and it’s really special to me.” “This jumpsuit is so fresh. It is like a windbreaker material, and it has this beautiful back on it that is really special.” “I pair the bra tops with tights and a fantastic duster, so it really becomes a look and an outfit, not just workout wear. There are so many bright colors to choose from — it’s a really vibrant color therapy.” “I like to go pretty dramatic with mascara, and I love this one. It is really, really good.”