Since Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson is clearly on the left, her high-court confirmation hearing will not “become a circus,” observes Carrie Severino at Fox News: no “continuous parade of screaming protesters” and none of Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse’s “crazy conspiracy theory charts.” Instead, GOP senators will “ask probing questions about Jackson’s view of the Constitution,” and not “let her off the hook about her record.” They should push her on any support for “packing the court, which has become a priority of court-focused dark-money groups on the Left.” And ask about past “threats against the court” from the likes of Whitehouse and New York’s Sen. Chuck Schumer. Let’s see if “Jackson is willing to disavow any of the extreme voices that have come to define the modern Left.” “One of the most successful disinformation campaigns in modern American electoral history,” thunders Glenn Greenwald at his Substack, targeted The Post’s Hunter Biden reporting, a campaign that led to the “suppression of the story by U.S. corporate media outlets and censorship of the story by leading Silicon Valley monopolies.” But “the archive’s authenticity . . . was clear from the start.” “What this means is that . . . most of the corporate media spread an absolute lie . . . in order to mislead and manipulate the American electorate” — and the “admission by The New York Times that this archive and the emails in it were real all along proves that a gigantic fraud was perpetrated by the country’s most powerful institutions.” “The U.S. spends hundreds of billions” a year on its military, notes Nadia Schadlow at The Wall Street Journal, yet by signaling that it had “no intention” of using it — by consistently broadcasting what they won’t do — Team Biden “seriously weakened” the “deterrent value” of these resources. One “plausible explanation”: The White House “decided to give priority” to its “domestic audience.” Yet by “openly taking options off the table, not only does the administration undercut its operational flexibility, it gives the enemy additional clarity. There is value in ambiguity.” Keeping the peace in the future will now be a challenge. “In a world of diminished deterrence, the desire for peace could make conflict more certain.” “I have helped train leaders who could build liberal democracy and eschew corruption in transitioning countries,” but for Ukrainian alumni now, “learning to fire an AK-47 is far more useful than the policy skills they spent time learning from me,” laments Francis Fukuyama in The Spectator. Russia’s invasion shows decades of work with “Western-oriented young leaders” can “be erased overnight by a dictator.” But “Russia may be heading for an outright defeat,” as President Vladimir Putin has already “committed the bulk of his military to this operation” and has “no vast reserves of forces he can call up to add.” His troops remain “stuck outside various Ukrainian cities,” facing “supply problems and constant attack.” Thanks to “brave Ukrainians,” soon we might “resume the slow, boring work of fortifying democracy.” A House hearing last week showed just how much Democrats are “out of touch” with the pain inflation is inflicting on small businesses, charges Job Creators Network head Alfredo Ortiz at The Hill. Restaurants, for example, must raise prices and scrap menu items, alienating customers whose own incomes aren’t keeping up. Yet committee chair Jim Himes (D-Conn.) said he’d prefer to discuss “structural” racial-equity barriers facing entrepreneurs and blamed owners themselves for higher prices. Clearly, Dem policymakers “don’t understand just how painful inflation is” or that their own policies “are at the root” of the problem. Getting government “out of the way and allowing the free enterprise system to work can strengthen and expand the American small business economy and bring the country back to its pre-pandemic peak.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board