As starting shooting guard Evan Fournier closes in on the Knicks’ single-season 3-point record, he still gets lumped in with all the causes for the team’s downfall this season. Unfair? Probably so, considering he’s hit a career-high 201 3-pointers with 13 games to play. He is 16 shy of tying John Starks’ franchise record of 217 set in 1994-95 — when the Knicks were title contenders. Fournier knows the deal. He’s from France. In French basketball, if you lose, statistics don’t matter, and he did have a slow start. The 29-year-old veteran — who signed a four-year, $78 million deal — knows the Knicks are 29-40 entering their Garden match versus the Wizards on Friday. Asked by The Post on Thursday if he hasn’t gotten enough credit this season, Fournier said, “I actually don’t feel like that at all. It’s hard to get credit when the team is not winning. It’s a team sport. It’s not about individuals. We haven’t been winning, so of course you’re gonna get criticized, and it’s always the player that spends the most time on the floor, and I’m one of them, so it’s legit to be criticized. It only gives me more motivation to do better. Come back and work on my game and just get better. I don’t see it any negative way.’’ Certainly, Fournier hasn’t been the defender the Knicks needed him to be, but defense has never been his forte. They signed him to improve their 3-point shooting. He’s done that — eclipsing his career high by 28 made 3-pointers. His efficiency is fine, too, at 39.5 percent. Coach Tom Thibodeau’s offense, Fournier said, is part of the reason for the record being in reach. “I think it actually says more about the way I was able to adapt, because when you look at the number of 3s that I’ve taken this year, I’ve never played so much behind the 3-point line in my career,’’ Fournier said. “And that’s probably why it took me a couple months to figure out what was my role and how I was gonna be able to impact winning and impact the team. Earlier in my career, I was much more of a driver. It’s actually good to be able to adapt, to add weapons to your arsenal.’’ After the Knicks slumped badly following a 5-1 start to the season, the excuse was that the new starting lineup, which also included point guard Kemba Walker, needed more time to jell. Walker shut it down at the All-Star break, but Fournier is finding his groove and formed a more cohesive tandem with Julius Randle the past two months. “I’ve built great chemistry with Julius,’’ Fournier said “He really looks for me on those 3s. The first two months of the season, I wasn’t getting the looks that I’m getting now, and it’s definitely because the guys know where I’m comfortable and I know when to expect the ball. And that makes a huge difference because as a guy that has to be efficient with not that many shots, especially on 3s, you gotta know your spots.’’ Thibodeau was reluctant to play Fournier in the fourth quarter earlier in the season because the bench was playing so well. He’s grown to appreciate Fournier more. The Knicks coach was supportive of the Fournier signing, sources say. “For any off guard, it’s finding rhythm,’’ Thibodeau said. “Timing, spacing, rhythm for a shooter is critical. His teammates are looking for him more. He knows when it’s coming more. And I think it’s been good. There’s still work to be done where we can, I think, take advantage of him even more.’’ That Thibodeau gave mixed reviews on Fournier’s defense is unsurprising. “Well, his team defense is very good,’’ Thibodeau said. “His individual — sometimes, he’s in good position and he’s fouling at the end and I just want him to challenge the shot. I’m probably nitpicking, but there’s a lot of things that he’s doing really well. Usually, his team defense is very good.’’ One NBA scout said though Fournier is a solid scorer (he’s averaging 14.4 points), the player he is assigned to defend can put up more points than he does. At February’s trade deadline, the Knicks were open to dealing Fournier’s contract, but he’s increasingly been more productive. Perhaps because of the reports, Fournier sounded uncomfortable in discussing the future. ‘To be honest, I don’t wanna talk about next season,’’ Fournier said. “We still have a lot of games, a lot of things that can happen this summer. I don’t think talking about next year would be appropriate right now.’’ He learned of the Starks record over the All-Star break when a friend sent him a tweet about Starks, whom he has never met. Starks, known more for his defense, is the team’s alumni director. “I’ve heard about him, man,’’ Fournier said. “I’ve watched many, many games for sure. But I did not watch growing up that Knick team. I was too young. I was born in 1992. [The record] is cool, especially for a franchise like the Knicks with such a big history and so many great players.’’