Fifteen years ago, when hair stylist Roberto Novo met a French bulldog puppy at the pet shop next to his salon, it was love at first snuggle. “He started to lick my face, and it was like he was saying to me, ‘You’re the one!’” Novo, 62, recalled. He named the pup Machito and they became inseparable, so much so that as the dog aged, Novo considered cloning him. When Machito was 12, he paid $1,600 to have the beloved companion’s DNA harvested and stored with the Texas-based animal cloning company ViaGen Pets. Two years later, in early 2020, Machito died unexpectedly at age 14 after suffering a bad reaction from a rabies shot. Novo, who is based in the West Village, was devastated. He decided to move forward with cloning the beloved dog, even though the cost — $50,000 — wasn’t something he could easily afford. “It was an amount I didn’t have in my bank account,” Novo said. But he would do anything to get his little buddy back. “Fourteen years with him wasn’t enough; I needed 14 more.” So, he sold a prized Andy Warhol butterfly silkscreen he had purchased from a client and Warhol friend years prior. “While I loved looking at something beautiful on my wall, it wasn’t going to give me unconditional love,” he said. Once an endeavor only undertaken by wealthy eccentrics, pet cloning has entered the mainstream. People of more modest means are hawking valuables and living frugally to be able to afford the procedure, which typically costs $50,000 for a dog. ViaGen Pets, which is the only company of its kind in the United States — there’s a pet-cloning company in South Korea called Sooam — has seen business double in the last five years and now has a waiting list. It also recently started offering financing to make the procedure more accessible. “There are wealthy clients who just do it, but now we have a lot of middle-class people who tell us the pleasure they get from their animals is worth more than the pleasure they get from a car,” said ViaGen president Blake Russell. John Mendola, a former policeman based on Long Island, traded in his Lexus for a Chevy pickup truck to help pay to clone his Shih Tzu Lhasa mix, Princess. In 2016, he first learned about pet cloning and dropped $1,595 to collect the dog’s DNA while she was still alive. The next year, Princess passed away and Mendola scrimped and saved to be able to afford the procedure, which cost $40,000 at that point. “I bought cheaper groceries, didn’t eat out as much and cut down on travel,” he said. Friends and family found the expense incomprehensible, so he started keeping it a secret — even though he felt the cost was totally worth it. “Princess was my little angel; I never had one so loving,’’ he said. “She would rub her head on me, fall asleep on my lap and give me little kisses. There was just something about her.’’ The cloning procedure ultimately yielded not one but two healthy pups, which Mendola named Princess Jasmine and Princess Arielle. For him, the reward of the dogs far outweighs the sacrifices he made to afford them. “From day one they had the same expressions, same sighs and same favorite toys [as Princess],” he said. “I could have used that amount for the down payment on a house. But I got two [puppies], and when you amortize the amount out over the course of a dog’s life, it comes out to only $1,600 a year per dog.” Novo feels similarly. Shortly after Machito’s death, he welcomed Machitwo. “I had been in bed crying every day, and [ViaGen] called me to say I had a healthy boy,” he said. “As soon as I heard that, the pain just went away.”