PORT ST. LUCIE — Carlos Carrasco and Chris Bassitt pitched to opposite ends of the spectrum in their spring debuts Thursday, but were graded on different scales. For Carrasco, who allowed five earned runs on six hits over 3 ¹/₃ innings in a minor league intrasquad outing, it was more about throwing in a game setting for the first time since undergoing surgery in October to remove a bone fragment from his right elbow. “I don’t pay any attention to the results right now,” Carrasco said. “I just pay attention to my arm. I’m coming from the surgery … and the way that I pitched today, the way that I feel today, it was fine for me.” Carrasco’s theme last season was shaky first innings. That carried into this appearance — he surrendered a three-run homer to Jose Peroza after he had allowed two singles. In the second inning, Tomas Nido cleared the fence in right-center against Carrasco. Manager Buck Showalter noted the wind was blowing strong to right field and termed both homers “fly balls.” In the third inning, Carlos Rincon delivered an RBI single against Carrasco following Nick Plummer’s double. “[Carrasco], you think about where he’s been since last September, we all signed up for today back then, so it bodes well about where he is headed,” Showalter said. The right-hander, who turned 35 this week, missed most of last season rehabbing from a torn right hamstring he sustained in spring training. Carrasco started 12 games for the Mets and went 1-5 with a 6.04 ERA, allowing 12 homers in only 53 ²/₃ innings. On this day Carrasco said he was dismayed by the number of batters who came to the plate swinging early in the count. “The only thing I didn’t like was all those guys were swinging first or second pitch already,” Carrasco said. “They were driving me crazy. First pitch I am trying to find a strike and they are swinging at everything. I think I faced 14 or 15 guys and all those guys swung at the first pitch or second pitch. That made me work more than I was counting on.” Bassitt’s day was more methodical. The right-hander, pitching in the same early-afternoon game (the Mets were concerned about the weather for their scheduled 6 p.m. exhibition matchup against the Marlins), pitched four scoreless innings in which he allowed one hit. Bassitt arrived in a trade at the start of camp that sent minor league pitchers J.T. Ginn and Adam Oller to Oakland. Last season Bassitt went 12-4 with a 3.15 ERA in 27 starts. The 33-year-old will slot in behind Jacob deGrom and Max Scherzer in the Mets’ rotation. Bassitt said his goal on this day was to work on his pitch shaping — ensuring his curveball and cutter, especially, were thrown in the correct manner. “It’s more so just getting all your pitches working for the season,” Bassitt said. “The results are good and great, but luckily we have a lot of starters that know what it takes to get big league guys out. It’s just more so being prepared for Opening Day.” Bassitt was the Mets’ only arbitration-eligible player not to reach agreement with the club. It puts the pitcher in position for an arbitration hearing next month to determine his salary. Bassitt filed at $9 million. The Mets offered $8.3 million. “I don’t give a s–t about my contract,” Bassitt said. “That is why I pay my agent. My agent gets to fight with the front office and that is it. I don’t care. I care about winning and having fun with these guys. I don’t care about all that.”