Don’t worry — they’re just really good at acting. Exes Ben Affleck, 49, and Ana de Armas, 33, were seen once again getting hot and heavy — this time on screen as the “picture perfect” — yet secretly promiscuous — couple of Vic and Melinda Van Allen in a new trailer for the Hulu psychological thriller “Deep Water.” The teaser shows de Armas’ character repeatedly cuckolding Affleck’s role of her hubby, who looks on from a distance. The film, directed by Adrian Lyne and based on the Patricia Highsmith novel, explores “the dangerous mind games they play and what happens to the people that get caught up in them,” according to Hulu. “I just want to feel joy in my life,” Melinda says before stripping inside a car with a mystery man played by Jacob Elordi of “Euphoria.” But the plot soon thickens beyond the “Knives Out” actress flaunting her sultry figure for man after man while keeping steamy secrets from her once real-life boo. Melinda discovers a limp body face down in a swimming pool, and conversations with her on-screen hubby take a decidedly darker turn. “The truth is, if you were married to anyone else, you’d be so bored, you’d kill yourself,” Melinda tells Vic, leading up to a suspenseful montage of sex, blood and a car falling off a ravine. “Do you think we’ll ever be just happy?” she then asks Vic. “God, I hope so,” he responds. In reality, though, the leading duo does seem to be rather content — just with other people. Since their January 2021 split after almost a year together, Affleck has moved on to rekindle a sweeping Hollywood relationship with his superstar ex, Jennifer Lopez, and de Armas was seen pouring on some PDA with her boyfriend, Tinder bigwig Paul Boukadakis, in Los Angeles at the end of last year. “There is a lot of love still between [de Armas and Affleck],” an insider told Page Six at the time of their breakup. “The split is as amicable as can be. Ana is great, but I also think there’s something to be said for the fact that Ben has a family and he really wants to be there for his kids and Ana is in a different place in her life.” “Deep” Water will be released on March 18.