Authorities in Nevada are desperately trying to track down a truck in the suspicious disappearance of an 18-year-old woman last seen at a rural Walmart. Naomi Christine Irion, of Fernley, was last seen early Saturday in the parking lot of a Walmart where she takes a bus to her nearby job at Panasonic, according to the Lyon County Sheriff’s Office. Irion’s brother, Casey Valley, told reporters Thursday he saw store surveillance video showing a man approaching her 1992 Mercury Sable and motioning for her to slide into the passenger seat before he got in and drove off. “This person did say or do something to Naomi to make her move over from the driver’s side to the passenger side,” Valley said while flanked by Naomi’s sister, Tamara Cartwright, and her father, Herve Irion, who flew in from South Africa to join his family. Valley pleaded with anyone who had interactions with Naomi in the past few months to contact sheriff’s officials as they continue searching for a suspect who may be driving a dark 2020 or newer Chevrolet High Country four-door pickup truck. “Call the sheriff,” Valley said. “We need to hear from you.” Lyon County Sheriff Frank Hunewill said Irion’s car was located hours later at an industrial park near the Walmart in Fernley and evidence found in the vehicle indicated her disappearance was suspicious. “We will continue to release information as it becomes available,” Hunewill said. “Right now, everything that we know has been put out there.” Herve Irion said he believed his daughter was in danger and asked for help from the community in the form of tips about her whereabouts. “Naomi’s not a fighter, meaning the guy who pushed her into her car — she froze, she didn’t do anything,” he said. “She just froze.” Cartwright said her sister was very active on social media, including Instagram, where she had some 500 followers, as well as a second “private” account. “Please if you see anything on social media that looks like her, if you see anything that looks like this truck, please I need you to call the sheriff’s department or the anonymous tip line,” Cartwright said. “Please — I need you to do this.” Irion said Naomi is an extrovert, perhaps “too trusting” of some people she met. Cartwright, meanwhile, fears that outgoing nature may have gotten her into trouble. “She loves people, she loves people so much, that’s why she’s so trusting,” Cartwright said. “She’ll do anything to help people. I’m so afraid that someone betrayed her trust.” Sheriff’s officials have released photos of the truck being sought, as well as pictures of Irion at a convenience store just before her family thinks she was abducted. “When she didn’t come home on Sunday, I knew something was wrong,” Valley said. The Lyon County Sheriff’s Department and FBI agents searched an area in Wadsworth late Thursday for possible evidence tied to Naomi’s disappearance, department officials said. “We are still actively searching for any tips and evidence on Naomi’s disappearance,” the department said in a separate statement. Anyone with information on Irion’s whereabouts should call the sheriff’s office at (775) 577-5206 or Secret Witness of Northern Nevada at (775) 322-4900.