The Academy Awards slap continues to be a hit. Whoopi Goldberg, a host at ABC’s “The View” and a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Board of Governors, said she accepts Will Smith’s apology for slapping presenter Chris Rock onstage at the Oscars broadcast on Sunday. But Smith isn’t scot-free, according to Goldberg. “There are consequences,” she said on the show Tuesday morning. “There are big consequences because nobody is OK with what happened. Nobody, nobody, nobody.” While rumors circulated that Smith, 53, could potentially lose his Oscar for Best Actor in a Leading Role, the “The View” host said the consequence shouldn’t be “taking his Oscar.” Goldberg, 66, went into depth as to why no one consoled 57-year-old Rock — and why everyone flocked instead to Smith. “People thought, ‘Oh my God, is he having a break? Do we need to get him out? What do we need to do?'” she explained, adding that no one else would be let on stage to check on Rock. But Smith apparently wasn’t removed because of his opportunity to score an Oscar just minutes later — which he did. “That would have been another 15-, 20-minute explanation of why we’re taking the black man out five seconds before they’re about to decide whether he’s won an Oscar or not,” she continued, saying that producer Will Packer made “the right decision.” As show hosts discussed whether Smith should continue to be talked about, co-host Sunny Hostin suggested Rock’s “assault” is repeatedly shown around the world, and that they “have to keep him in mind.” “He was the victim here, but let’s also know that everything that needed to happen that evening, happened,” Goldberg rebutted. “Chris took care of business. And he is the adult who said, ‘You know what, I get it. I’m going to let this do what it needs to do.’” “The View” included thoughts from US Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ), who gave his take on the infamous slap. While he said he never endorses cruel humor, he also believes “nothing justifies violence. “What we saw was violence that night and it was very, very disappointing. But again, let’s all extend grace,” he said. “We have all made mistakes, and the totality of who Will Smith is and who Chris Rock is was not defined by what I thought was a very unfortunate and low moment for the Oscars and for all of us.”