The national average price for a gallon of gasoline has topped $4 in the US for the first time since 2008 — an increase of nearly 50 cents since Russia launched its invasion into Ukraine 11 days ago — while the average price in New York hit $4.207. The national average hit $4.009 Sunday, according to AAA, just over 10 cents short of the $4.114 average recorded in July 2008. Prices jumped roughly 9 cents since Saturday and 47 cents since Russia’s invasion began. California had the highest average price at $5.288 per gallon and Missouri the lowest at $3.599. By late Monday morning in Tokyo, US West Texas Intermediate oil (WTI) was up $9.08 at more than $124.74 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange — the highest since 2008 and the largest daily percentage gains since May 2020. Brent crude oil briefly spiked over $11 to nearly $130 a barrel early Monday. Both contracts hit their highest in July 2008, with Brent at $147.50 a barrel and WTI at $147.27. The surge comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin threatened Ukraine’s statehood while his forces continue their barrage on strategic cities after a temporary cease-fire fell through. US lawmakers have called on the Biden administration to ban imports of Russian natural gas and oil in response to the Ukraine invasion. White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Friday that President Biden is “looking at options” — but only if it can be done without raising gas prices. On Sunday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the US was in “active talks” with European allies about the prospect of banning Russian oil, further isolating the Russian economy. “The actions we’ve taken to date have already had a devastating impact on the Russian economy,” he said on NBC. “We’ve seen the ruble in free fall. We see the economy heading into a deep recession. We’ve already had a major impact, but we are looking, again, as we speak, in coordination with allies and partners at this prospect of banning oil imports.” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Sunday night that the House was exploring legislation to ban the import of oil and energy products from Russia. The legislation being considered would repeal normal trade relations with Russia and Belarus and begin the process of denying Moscow access to the World Trade Organization. The House would also empower the Biden administration to raise tariffs on Russian imports, Pelosi said. During Biden’s State of the Union address last week, the president announced that the US was tapping into 30 million barrels from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to curb costs at the pump.