New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your second-round NCAA tournament bet risk-free. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, as the NCAA Tournament second round begins.. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer, and bet on March Madness risk-free. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. The second round of the NCAA tournament has thrown up some great upsets in March Madness history, and the 2021 edition of the tournament did not differentiate.This year’s No. 1 seeded Kansas felt the full force of the second round curse last year, losing to USC by a 34 point deficit. However, it was No. 2 seed Iowa who was the most embarrassing side, losing by 15 to Oregon, who lost to USC in the Sweet Sixteen.Loyola Chicago is no stranger to a second-round upset, having beat No. 1 seed Illinois in 2021 at this stage. The Ramblers held the No. 11 seed in 2018 and defeated No. 3 Tennessee with a buzzer-beater in the same round.Despite the matchups historically not being as much of a mismatch as the first round, the second round games often serve up some fantastic contests. The sweet sixteen awaits for the winners, as 16 teams have to pack their bags. BetMGM is giving new customers a fantastic offer for March Madness. All you have to do is place a $10 wager on any March Madness moneyline, and if a three-pointer is scored in the game, you’ll win $200 in free bets. This offer is for new customers only, but what better way to get involved in a hectic month full of college basketball. The three-point ball is the ultimate weapon in basketball and college teams have been moving towards attempting more shots from beyond the arc over the past few years. Be sure to get involved, and cash in on an excellent promotion. Make your March Madness Parlay win bigger with a Parlay Boost Token. Make a 3+ leg parlay, and. activate the token in your Bet Slip before placing your wager, and your parlay’s returns will be boosted by 10%. Make sure to keep an eye out for more Parlay Boost Tokens throughout the tournament. 21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply.One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.