So you’re saying there’s a chance. When we last heard from Tiger Woods, he was casting doubt that he would be playing real tournament golf anytime soon. However, various internet sleuths have noticed that the 15-time major champion has not formally pulled the plug on hope that he’ll compete in the Masters this year. Earlier this week, Mark Harris of Bro Bible noticed that Woods was not included in a list distributed by the tournament that included former champions, like Phil Mickelson, who is sitting out the major. Then, after a Shooter McGavin parody account noticed that Woods was listed on the Masters website as a player in the tournament, Golf Channel analyst Brandel Chamblee tweeted, “Nothing to see here.” Woods suffered debilitating injuries in a single-car accident last February, sustaining multiple leg fractures among other injuries. “I wish I could tell you when I’m playing again,’’ Woods said in Los Angeles in February. “I want to know, but I don’t. My golf activity has been very limited. I can chip and putt really well and hit short irons very well, but I haven’t done any long stuff seriously. “I’m still working on the walking part. My foot was a little messed up there about a year ago, so the walking part is something that I’m still working on, working on strength and development in that. It takes time. What’s frustrating is it’s not at my timetable. I want to be at a certain place, but I’m not.’’ And yet, he has not officially said one way or the other whether he will play the Masters in April. Woods competed in the PNC Championship with his son, Charlie, who has uncanny similarities to his father. The two nearly won, but finished second to John Daly and his son, John Daly II. Nonetheless, to play in The Masters, Woods’ mobility would have had to improve a lot from where he said his body was at last month. “I can walk on a treadmill all day,’’ Woods said last month. “That’s easy. That’s just straight, there’s no bumps in the road. But walking on a golf course where there’s undulations, I have a long way to go. It’s been tough, but I’ve gotten here, I’ve gotten this far and I still have a long way to go. Each and every day’s a fight, and I welcome that fight. Get up in the morning, let’s go a few more rounds.”