Sure, AirPods are the the latest in-ear device of choice, but there’s a reason why over-ear headphones weren’t left in the 90s. When it’s all said and done, there’s something special (and retro) about a chunky pair of headphones. They’re more secure, provide immersive sound and master the art of superior bass. That’s why we headed over to Amazon to scout out the best over-ear headphones available in 2022. Top brands we discovered include Sony, Beats, Bose, Anker, Soundcore, JBL and more. Keep reading to find your ideal pair of over-ear headphones. While you’re at it, go ahead and add a grade A bluetooth speaker to your cart for the complete sound lineup. Sit back, relax and engulf yourself in high-performance wireless listening. With adaptive noise cancelling, real-time audio calibration and up to 22 hours of battery lift, you’re in for a sweet treat. If you’re having a hard time parting ways with your beloved AirPods, then try the Apple AirPods Max headphones. With five color options, you can personalize them to your taste while you enjoy all of the Apple AirPods features you know and love. Look forward to three levels of noise cancellation, balanced audio, dual microphones and hassle-free bluetooth pairing. Best of all, Alexa can come along for the ride with voice access to music, information and more. Over-ear headphones don’t have to break the bank. Gain access to the classic headphones you know and love while leaning into superior bass, padded comfort and an extended headphone cord. You want a pair of over-ear headphones that look as good as they sound. That’s why the Beat Solo3 Headphones not only feature 40 hours of battery life and Siri compatibility, but are also sleek and durable. Plus, you can choose from four different colors. Say goodbye to annoying adapters, as these headphones feature a long DJ-style 9.8 foot cord to allow for all your listening needs. Single ear monitoring and a flexible headband are also available, which is ideal for hours of mastering and mixing. Up your listening game with hi-quality audio, strong bass and 40 hours of play time. Choose from sleek black, classic silver or electric blue. You can always rely on JBL to deliver. The brand’s wireless headphones feature 40 hours of listening time, simple-to-use controls and Pure Bass sound, which is used in most venues around the globe. Opt for a pair of Sony industry-leading noise cancelling headphones that provide next-level sound. You can also look forward to touch sensor controls, speak-to-chat technology, wearing detection, noise cancellation and more. Various colors are available If you’re searching for a pair of headphones that are comfortable to wear (and inexpensive), you’ve found them. These foldable bluetooth headphones feature an ergonomic design that include a soft headband and even softer earmuffs. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.