With crime on the rise in many major cities, it’s never been more important to beef up security at home. Advancements in technology have made that easier than ever, especially without subscribing to an expensive monthly fee from a big security company. If you want to secure your space easily on your own, the Scenes One Camera Kit can help. And right now you can purchase two of these Kickstarter- and Indiegogo-funded wireless security cameras, and a cube gateway that offers a private and secure network between your cameras for just $199, 20% off the usual price, for a limited time.  The Scenes One Camera Kit provides everything you need to secure a range of up to 5,400 square feet. These cameras are totally wireless and the first to use SkyLine technology to ensure that wide range is covered, while providing the added benefit of using very little power. A safer home without a hefty power bill sounds like a win-win, right? These cameras can last up to 12 months on one single charge, thanks to the new Wifi HaLow IEEE 802.11ah standard, which can deeply penetrate walls. In fact, it’s been tested to make it through up to three concrete walls at a time. They can keep watch on your home easily, providing a perfect live-stream and recorded clips in a crystal-clear 1080p HD resolution. It captures images regularly via a snapshot capture as well, to provide images of what happens between motion events, too. Advanced IR night vision ensures you also receive detailed recordings and streaming when it’s most important: at night. Aside from keeping watch, you’re also able to talk to visitors with the 2-way audio feature. These cameras also boast waterproof status, so they can be fixed either inside or outside the home. Install them on your own and get them going in just five minutes without any professional help with their easy setup, like customer, Larry, who raved, “Connecting to the unit was easy as pie.” Make sure you have a watchful eye keeping your home safe. Get the Kickstarter- and Indiegogo-funded Scenes One Camera Kit today for just $199. Prices subject to change.