Producer prices in February soared 10% year-on-year, guaranteeing even higher consumer prices in months to come, after they jumped 7.9% for the 12 months ending in February, the highest in four decades. It’s all driven consumer sentiment to an 11-year low. But one thing President Joe Biden is sure of: It’s not his fault. The causes, he insists, don’t include all the trillions in new federal spending. That, he says, was the feds “rescuing our economy.” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi agrees: Even vast “government spending is  . . . not inflationary.” No, says Biden. Putin is to blame, along with COVID shocks. Pelosi points to the Russian autocrat as well. Thing is, inflation rose 7% in 2021 ; Putin’s troops didn’t enter Ukraine until February 2022. As for COVID shocks, the United States weathered Delta and Omicron with far more stability than earlier waves. The prez never stops insisting that “economists” back his blather, but plenty of them laugh at his “not my inflation” claims. The Hoover Institution’s John Cochrane, for one,  notes in The Wall Street Journal that spending on COVID “stimulus” in 2020 and 2021 exploded federal debt nearly 30%. “Is it at all a surprise,” he asks, “that a year later inflation breaks out?” In the New York Times, Obama auto czar Steven Rattner wrote off Biden’s bid to blame to supply-chain woes as “simplistic and misleading,” since “the bulk of our supply problems are the product of an overstimulated economy.” Oh, and Clinton-era Treasury Secretary Larry Summers wrote in The Washington Post last February that Biden’s $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan could “set off inflationary pressures of a kind we have not seen in a generation.” As it now in fact has. Yes, the big spending started under a Republican president, but it was fully bipartisan in a genuine emergency as COVID slammed the economy. But Biden opted to keep on spending — with only Democratic votes — when the economy was already reviving. Then he insisted inflation was “transitory” while his chief of staff and press secretary suggested it was just a problem for the privileged. So here we are, with families struggling to cover food and heating bills. What’s needed now is action. Like ending Biden’s war on domestic drilling for oil and gas. And the Federal Reserve getting more aggressive than mere quarter-point hikes in interest rates, spaced out over months while the problem grows worse. Thank Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) for killing the prez’s bid to put Sarah Raskin on the Fed board: She wants the central bank to make it even harder for US energy companies to raise capital, which makes her pro-inflation. The president (and the Fed, which also pushed that “just transitory” talk this spring) need to quit dodging blame, start facing facts and get serious about stopping inflation and the suffering it brings.