JUPITER, Fla. — The Jupiter Summit concluded without peace. The Major League Baseball Players Association notified MLB on Tuesday afternoon that it wouldn’t accept its last, best and final offer for a new collective bargaining agreement thereby missing the owners’ stated deadline to start the 2022 season on time. Commissioner Rob Manfred announced the cancelation of the first two series of the season, and with that, the docking of the players’ pay. “We worked hard to avoid an outcome that’s bad for our fans, bad for our players and bad for our clubs,” Manfred said. Upon receiving the offer at about 4 o’clock — an hour before the 5 o’clock deadline — the players held a Zoom call with their player representatives and Executive Subcommittee and came away with the strong sentiment that they wouldn’t accept. Particularly galling to the players was the owners’ refusal to go up any further on their competitive-balance tax offer. As has been the case throughout this process, ill will defined the talks as much as did the disparity in packages. Before presenting their final offer, MLB stated, through a spokesman, “They couldn’t make us a CBT offer last night, so we agreed to extend the deadline to exhaust every option. But the MLBPA had a decidedly different tone today and made proposals inconsistent with the prior discussion.” A union official strongly challenged the notion that it displayed “a decidedly different tone” saying that its tone stayed consistent from Monday, the owners’ original deadline to finish a deal, to Tuesday. The source had said early Tuesday morning, at the conclusion of 16 ½ hours of negotiation, that major gaps remained on several issues. Nevertheless, some optimism had emerged organically from their long negotiations and MLB’s extension of its Monday deadline. That optimism had fizzled by mid-afternoon. The owners’ competitive-balance tax thresholds ranged from $220 million in 2022 to $230 million in 2026, whereas the players’ CBT vision sets the luxury-tax threshold at $238 million in 2022 and rises to $263 million by 2026. The teams didn’t increase their thresholds at all from their previous offer. MLB did increase its offer for the pre-arbitration bonus pool from $25 million to $30 million with no increases. The players sought an $85 million pool for 2022 with a $5 million increase each season. On the minimum player salary, the teams were at $700,000 in 2022 going up to $740,000 compared to the players’ idea of starting at $725,000 and going up $20,000 in 2023 and 2024 before honoring the consumer price index for 2025-26. This package featured a 12-team playoff and five-team draft-pick lottery, and the players’ proposal came with them accepting the status quo on “Super Two” arbitration eligibility, with 22 percent of the 2-to-3-years service class gaining arbitration rights. Hence nine days of talks here made up some ground yet couldn’t complete the mission. A union official expressed hope of re-engaging shortly, although that will probably be back in New York. And as much as the owners want to move forward on a shortened schedule, the players’ pay will have to be part of the new Basic Agreement.