Sometimes, mother nose best. Las Vegas mom Loren Lahav, 56, started saving up to get her daughter Asher a nose job when the girl was just 12 years old. As a sixth-grader, Asher was repeatedly bullied with anti-Semitic remarks about her nose at the Lutheran school she attended. “People started calling me ‘Jew nose.’ I got really insecure,” Asher said. “When COVID hit, I was excited about masks because I didn’t have to show my face around anyone. I was happy I had something to cover it. I was not in a good place.” The teen also turned to heavy makeup and contouring to conceal her nose. She would even sleep with her makeup on at sleepovers because she was terrified for her friends to see her bare face. She’d make a point of waking up before them to reapply the foundation and concealer. She was known as “makeup girl,” her mom said. “It was really affecting her emotionally,” Loren, who is divorced from Asher’s father, told The Post. “It really wasn’t a vanity thing … There were a lot of mean girls. They were Instagram private messaging her. On the outside, she appeared strong and tried to be the makeup girl, but she was really unhappy. The makeup was a cry for help. She started shaving her eyebrows. She had imposter syndrome. I was worried she would harm herself.” Loren, who works as a life coach, also worried about the lasting effects. “I’m in the world of personal development and I wanted to make sure she had a strong emotional foundation,” she said. After two years of saving, the mother had the $30,000 needed to pay for travel to see a Beverly Hills surgeon and have the procedure done. In June 2021, just days after her 14th birthday, Asher went under the knife in Southern California with Dr. Babak Azizzadeh of the Center for Advanced Facial Plastic Surgery. “I didn’t listen to the criticism. I knew my daughter was in pain,” Loren said, revealing that she got a nose job at 17. “It’s not fair to say to someone, ‘You’re fine, you’re beautiful the way [you] are,’ if they know it doesn’t feel right.” Bella Hadid’s mother, Yolanda, has also faced criticism over getting her daughter a nose job at age 14. Some have gone so far as to call her a bad mom. Loren can sympathize and said people shouldn’t judge. “Until people are in that situation, they don’t know,” she said. “I have a great relationship with [my daughter].” Both Loren and Asher are happy with the surgery’s results. Asher now wears little to no makeup. Her schoolwork has improved and Loren said she’s noticed a “huge difference” in her teen’s confidence. “It was the best money I ever spent in my entire life to see my daughter happy.”