The suspect in the brutal stabbing of an East Harlem McDonald’s worker surrendered to cops this week — as the hero victim spoke out about the harrowing attack Tuesday. Angel Miguel Salazar cheered the news that Ezekiel Dunn-Jennings, who was charged with attempted murder, assault and weapons possession after surrendering to authorities Monday, had finally been nabbed. “I feel good that he turned himself in,” Salazar, 23, told the Post Tuesday in a phone interview from his hospital bed. “He has to pay for what he did.” Dunn-Jennings, 28 — who lives less than three blocks from the fast-food joint where he allegedly stabbed Salazar on Wednesday — turned himself in at Brooklyn’s 75th Precinct around 9 p.m. Monday and requested a lawyer, police said. Dunn-Jennings claimed he acted in self-defense as he was walked out of the 25th Precinct late Tuesday morning. “What y’all see in Burger King — they showed what happened on TV — but they never showed what happened to me,” he said, misidentifying the eatery where the crime took place. “I was hit in the head,” he added. “I was attacked first.” “I’m sorry what happened to that man,” he replied when asked if he regretted his alleged actions. “He was a handsome man. I didn’t mean to hurt him.” Salazar intervened when he saw Dunn-Jennings arguing with other workers inside the eatery on Third Avenue near East 117th Street around 12:40 a.m. Wednesday, cops said. Dunn-Jennings had attempted to use a plastic cleaning pole to ward off the suspect and shield his two female co-workers when he was ambushed, store manager Jennifer Bisla Rodriguez told The Post last week. Salazar was stabbed in the face, back and arm during the frenzied attack — and needed to be placed in a medically induced coma. He was brought out of the induced coma later that day. Salazar told the Post Tuesday that he is “doing better, thank God,” but still doesn’t have full use of his left hand and may need another surgery. “All I have to do is thank God that I have another chance and I am still alive,” Salazar said. “I got to be faithful and thankful for that. I know He probably has big things for me now because he gave me another chance.” “Probably it wasn’t my time yet,” he added. Salazar, who recalled last week’s attack, said the suspect had been arguing with one of his female co-workers, but he didn’t pay much attention at first. “But then he was arguing with my other co-worker,” the victim recalled. “She was really calm, she don’t like to argue, she don’t do none of that, she is nice. When I saw that he was aggressive and was trying to hit her, that’s when I jumped in. I just grabbed a stick and went to defend her.” He said he simply wanted to hit the man on the leg so he would scram. “So I hit him on the leg,” Salazar said. “What I was trying to do was to get him to chill and just leave. But he grabbed something … everything happened so fast.” He said that if he had known Dunn-Jennings had a knife, “I probably would have grabbed mine and the story would have been different.” After the stabbing, Dunn-Jennings ran outside, back into the restaurant and then out again, Salazar recalled. “I asked [my co-workers] to call the ambulance,” he said. “I went back to the kitchen. I was asking for water and that’s when I fell to the floor. I passed out for a few minutes.” When he regained consciousness, he realized a police officer was grabbing him, repeating, “‘Stay with me my man, stay with me my man, don’t leave, don’t leave,’” he said. Though Salazar’s manager described him as a hero, he said he simply “did what I was supposed to do.” “I did what a real man would do, because when I saw he was going to hit her, my first thought was he probably would hit my sister, my mom, one of my cousins, one of my family and that’s why I jumped in,” Salazar said. “And I would do it again, I would do it again because in my country [the Dominican Republic], we don’t do that. When a man hits a woman, we jump in.” The victim’s older sister, Miguelina Salazar, told The Post a detective texted her Monday night to let her know the suspect had been arrested. “We want him to get the maximum” sentence, Miguelina said, adding that the attack on her brother was “not fair.” “That man is dangerous.” Dunn-Jennings has four prior arrests, for assault, criminal mischief and menacing, cops said. The Mickey D’s stabbing happened about a block from the Burger King where 19-year-old worker Krystal Bayron-Nieves was shot and killed by an alleged robber in January.