PHILADELPHIA — The Knicks’ tank won’t be officially on until rookie point guard Miles McBride gets some real action at point guard — and not with the Westchester Knicks. It’s puzzling that coach Tom Thibodeau hasn’t turned to McBride yet after starting point guard Kemba Walker handed in his resignation for the season at the All-Star break and Derrick Rose suffered another surgical setback. McBride, their second-round pick out of West Virginia, is a defense-first point guard who has playmaking skills. He made an appearance in the final 75 seconds of the Knicks’ 123-108 loss to the 76ers on Wednesday night, hitting a 3-pointer on the only shot he took. His 3-point shot is streaky but he’s been lighting it up in the G-League, where he played Tuesday and notched 29 points, seven assists and made 5 of 7 3-pointers. It was McBride’s ninth G-League game and all contained big numbers. He was shuttled to Philadelphia in time for Wednesday’s rematch against the Sixers but it was unclear if he’d get off the pine unless it was garbage time. “It’s definitely been challenging,” McBride said of his inactivity. “Obviously growing up, never had to deal with sitting a lot. But it’s the NBA. It should be challenging. The task they’re giving me, being able to play in the G-League and being able to come back to the team, it’s been fun. So just trying to enjoy every day and taking the challenge head on.” Thibodeau’s idea of a point guard is now veteran swingman Alec Burks, who is the starter, and Immanuel Quickley as backup even though he’s best off the ball. Ball movement has been lacking and the Knicks were on a five-game losing streak with their season on life support. Asked if he’s getting feedback from the coaches on why he hasn’t gotten much of a chance, McBride said, “The feedback is, ‘You’re young, you’re a rookie, the opportunities you get, take them.’ And some things happen along with it.” McBride, who prides himself at staying in front of speedy point guards, had one shining moment in Houston on Dec. 16. He started the second half for the fallen Rose and finished the night with 15 points, nine assists and four steals. The next day McBride tested positive for COVID-19 and he has barely been heard from since. He made a start when he got back from his absence in Toronto on Jan. 2 but lost Fred VanVleet on a couple of plays, got benched and didn’t start the second half. Thibodeau apparently has never forgiven him. “I’m not sure, you’re going to have to ask coach,” McBride said Wednesday when asked if he heard from the coaches about that game. Who knows what could’ve happened had COVID not interrupted his season after his NBA breakout. “Yeah, I think it was also guys were coming back at the same time and coach just trusting the veterans,” McBride said. “So no problem with it.” And he’s not getting caught up with his support on social media. “I try to stay off,’’ McBride said. “When I play well, fans are going to get behind you. When I’m not playing well, it’s going to be the other way around. So just trying to keep my head straight.’’ Besides being James Harden’s Sixers home debut, Wednesday was celebrated as the 60th anniversary of Wilt Chamberlain’s 100 points against Knicks in Hershey, Pa., up the highway from Philly. Said Sixers coach Doc Rivers: “It’s remarkable what he did and how little people talk about him.” Thibodeau, who served under Rivers in Boston, cracked when told of Rivers’ platitudes, “Did Doc play in that game?” Thibodeau then added, “That’s one record I don’t see ever being broken. It’s incredible.” Kentucky coach John Calipari was on hand watching his two Kentucky charges Immanuel Quickley and Tyrese Maxey face off. … Former Villanova point guard Ryan Arcidiacono finally made his Knicks debut, playing the final 75 seconds in his college town.