Nicole Kidman is far and away one of the most sought-after and well-respected names in Hollywood. As a multitalented Oscars, Golden Globes and Emmy award-winning actress, Kidman, 54, has conquered the entertainment industry on a global stage — carefully crafting a historical career. While she wouldn’t call herself a movie star, the blonde has conquered many genres while remaining one of the world’s highest-paying actresses. Kidman has acclaim in films like “Being the Ricardos” and series like “Nine Perfect Strangers” and “Big Little Lies.” Having been able to largely keep her personal life out of the media’s eye—despite a painful relationship with ex, Tom Cruise—Kidman is an icon for a reason: keeping the focus on her art as the paramount of her fame and success. So was Kidman destined to be a star or did she just have lucky breaks that helped her on her way? Dive with me into the truth of what makes her such a powerful force — because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Nicole Kidman was born on June 20, 1967. This makes her a charismatic Gemini sun with a fiery Sagittarius moon. She was born on a full moon, which means that she craves intensity, loves to be in the limelight and doesn’t like to be limited in a box. Her birth time is listed online, and while I do not usually trust these unless a celeb or exec is giving them to me personally (get at me!), I’ve stared at her chart for what feels like hours because it’s…just…so…mesmerizing. I’m going to be entirely upfront: Nicole Kidman is like — one of my greatest icons ever. There are not a lot of celebrities who have such a powerful effect upon me (and I live in LA, so celebrities hit up my grocery store and I meet them all the time because it’s NBD), but Kidman, wow, she is enchanting. This leads me back to her Scorpio ascendant — which naturally creates a rather hypnotic and awe-inspiring effect on people. Neptune, the planet of Hollywood, magic and illusion, also stands within her ascendant, blending its enigmatic energy with how she presents herself. This gives her unparalleled mystique and the ability to transform fluidly into the many different ways she’d like people to perceive her. When I peer into her planetary aspects, I am struck by how many interact with her moon, ruling her emotional life, as well as her Mercury, ruling how she communicates. This is what makes her so effective at her job — she was literally born with visionary abilities to channel her emotions in profound ways and then broadcast them to others and the world. With her moon linking with Venus, she exhibits a refined and artistic sensibility, radiating charm and popularity while having a taste for culture and creativity. It then links with Mars, bringing her a daring personality that allows her to focus her energy easily and showcase her individuality. Then her moon also links with Pluto, bringing her a tremendously forceful emotional intensity, which helps her to illuminate deep human motivations. Then we get to her Mercury, which links with Pluto, Neptune, Uranus and Mars! Her mental powers and intelligence are strong, leading her to know how to focus them in aggressive and ambitious ways. She can speak poetically and magnetically, while weaving in a dreamy quality with her words. Her intuition is high, and she craves connection with others in unique, even eccentric ways. But above it all, she understands the depths of the human mind, soul and heart and can flawlessly mirror that through her expressions, movements and voice. Is astrology entirely predictive? Well, it depends on who you ask, but I personally and professionally believe that it shows us the blueprint of who and what we can become, but it’s up to our free will to activate that potential and make it our reality. When it comes to Kidman, though, she has a truly blessed birth chart crowning her. First up: Her sector of fame, professional recognition and achievement is united with Jupiter, the planet of expansion, and is ruled by Leo — the zodiac sign of entertainers and performers. Venus is also in this sector, revealing that she is loved and adored by the public, who will always find her beautiful. Then I see that Mercury and Jupiter, which hold ties to the mainstream media, are in her sector of television, publicity and international relations. Talk about lucky! However, the fact that she has Saturn, the planet of challenges and perseverance, in her sector of employment shows that she doesn’t just rely on her laurels or good vibes. No. She is a working actress and that is what she takes pride in. The work! As for unique planetary aspects that further expand upon her legacy, I see Jupiter and Saturn linked, bringing her great ambition that impresses those around her and people in power. She has natural abilities to work with the public. Her desire to be seen as a good force for society is important to her and her success and legacy will only grow as she matures. Uranus, the planet of the future, is united with Pluto, bringing her the ability to help transform society by showing that she can — and has and will — transform herself before the world. Oh, to gather the affections of this goddess! Too bad I’m not straight — perhaps in another life! Before I dive into her relationships, I want to bring up an important planetary aspect that stands out to me in her natal chart — her Venus is linked with Saturn. This energy means that she has a great focus on her relationships always and is loyal, reserved and diplomatic. However, when younger, she had a great fear of rejection in relationships and likely became overwhelmed by them, almost as if by a sense of duty. Luckily, as she’s grown, she’s found a way to navigate this to find the more fulfilling connections later on. Now, then, our favorite part: Let’s dive into her compatibility with ex-husband Tom Cruise, and present husband Keith Urban! Tom Cruise was born on July 3, 1962. This makes him an emotional Cancer sun with an expressive Leo moon. Keith Urban was born on October 26, 1967. This makes him an intense Scorpio sun with a sensitive Cancer moon. Kidman is a woman who likes her water sign men! While Kidman has made it extremely clear that she wants no attachment, memory or relation to her previous marriage to Mr. Cruise (damn, that must burn), I do see the affinity in their rapport that drew them together. This is certainly a karmic connection, and while it made sense in the beginning, there are a lot of volatile interactions between their charts. Control issues, anger, disagreements, ego, overspending, delusion, illusion, deception…I could go on and on. Still, there was a very powerful catalyst between them that they both craved and saw could aid them at the onset — and both are extremely stubborn, loyal and thrive upon intensity. When young, this energy can be overpowering — until it is all-consuming and ends in flames. While I cannot say if their entire relationship was a dark one, I certainly hope for the sake of their souls it did have moments of true beauty even though it ultimately transformed them like phoenixes emerging from ashes. Fast forward to much happier times with her husband, Urban, who she clearly has a much sweeter, harmonious and sensitive relationship with. This rapport flows just so much better because of shared interests and a genuine desire to complement one another, rather than overpower one another. Don’t get me wrong — there’s a fair share of intensity in the connection (Kidman is like a powerful goddess who would be deadly to disobey, after all) — but this connection has sparks that can help one another grow and bring lots of fun, passion, adventure and sexual chemistry between them. This shared sense of abundance, goals, joy and tremendous enthusiasm leads them to again balance one another but also to guide. They trust each other and that goes a long way when in Hollywood it is notoriously hard to trust others. I’m so glad they found each other because I think this connection is healing for them, as well as harmonious and brings the other vitality. My compatibility rating for them is 8.5 out of 10. LBR: Kidman isn’t a star, she’s a supernova. Will she ever fall? Hell no! Not only is her future bright, but she’s far too resilient, focused and smart to let anything topple her. When it comes to her year ahead, 2022 is sweet. She is having excellent professional growth, exploring new creative heights and characters, but she’s also going to be re-creating herself in the public eye both in 2022 and 2023. While there could be shifts in her partnerships (this may affect her business relationships, like an agent, manager, et cetera), it will be extremely important for her at this time to stand in her power and smile politely to remind everyone who is boss. (Duh, she is.) I truly do hope I meet her someday. You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.