What’s the deal? Aaron Rodgers is returning to Green Bay for an 18th straight season, but the details about his contract remain unclear. On Tuesday, Pat McAfee broke the news about Rodgers’ decision — and minutes later a report by the NFL Network claimed the quarterback agreed to a four-year, $200 million contract that includes $153 million in guaranteed money. McAfee was quick to call out NFL Network’s report as “categorically false” — something the radio host said Rodgers told him over the phone. Soon after, Rodgers took to Twitter to confirm that he’s returning to Green Bay, but said, “reports about me signing a contract are inaccurate, as are the supposed terms of the contract I ‘signed.'” “There was no deal in place,” McAfee said Tuesday, adding that Rodgers made it “very clear” that both parties will work out a “cap-friendly” deal. “The contract has not been done. He would like his people back to go on another run with his people… There is no deal, and in the deal he’s getting projected, people are getting projected,” McAfee said. While Rodgers will “get paid,” according to McAfee, the value is still being worked out because the quarterback “wants his friends back,” who also need deals. All-Pro wide receiver Davante Adams is one of them. If Rodgers does get $50 million per year it would complicate the salary cap-strapped Packers ability to add around him. Rodgers has been denying the price-tag narrative since reports of a $50 million-per-year deal came out last month. McAfee also mentioned that Rodgers seriously contemplated retirement. The quarterback celebrated his 38th birthday in December, and his new contract should take him well over age 40. Rodgers, though, said he’s feeling great after recently completing a 12-day Panchakarma cleanse, and some deep meditation. Not to mention, he’s seemingly back-on with fiancée Shailene Woodley after multiple reports said they split last month. The couple has been photographed together a number of times since. In true Rodgers fashion, he continues to keep us guessing.