The Nets know the “what” with Ben Simmons, even if they are still seeking the “when.” Much of the smoke has cleared around the mysterious back injury, which is now less mysterious. Simmons has a herniated disc in his back, coach Steve Nash confirmed Monday, which provides a diagnosis if not a timetable. It is still not clear whether the former 76ers star — who was acquired Feb. 10 but has not yet participated in a full team practice — can play for the Nets this season, and the hopes are dwindling. The injury is not “tightness” or “stiffness,” as the Nets have previously indicated, but rather a disc — which supports the spine — escaping through a tear, which can pinch nerves or bother legs. The diagnosis does not change the Nets’ hopes — which are becoming long — that the best chip they received for James Harden can play this season. “We still have high hopes that he can come back,” Nash said before the Nets played the Jazz at Barclays Center on Monday. “He’s had moments during his rehab where he’s on the court doing some things, and it looks like he’s about to turn a corner, and then there’s a setback. So I still feel optimistic that he can play for us.” Simmons had an epidural last Tuesday that gave him “some relief,” Nash said, “but I don’t know how much, or if it’s a total success.” The positive outlook with herniated discs, according to NYU Langone orthopedic surgeon Dr. Jeffrey Spivak, is that with about 80 percent of patients, surgery is not needed. And if Simmons does have to eventually go under the knife, most are able to make full recoveries. Nash said that to his knowledge, surgery has not been discussed. The negatives, though, are significant. Simmons has had back issues before, and Nash termed his latest issue as a “flare-up.” “I don’t know his specific situation, but it would be very hard to imagine them putting him back in the game at this point,” said Spivak, who said the timelines for the injury are highly variable. Some heal quickly, “some get better in six to eight weeks, some it takes six to eight months.” It is not an injury that doctors advise playing through. “You can certainly re-aggravate it and make it worse,” Spivak said over the phone. The Nets have less than three weeks to go in their regular season. And for Simmons to enter a game, he likely has less than that, considering they typically require three high-intensity practices before green-lighting a player back to the court. Although, perhaps they would waive that rule. “If he’s able to get back to playing, I think we’d want to incorporate him at any point,” Nash said, signaling that they have no set date after which they would shut down hope that Simmons can join them. The Nets acquired the young star nearly six weeks ago in the deal that sent Harden to Philadelphia. Simmons had stayed away from the 76ers all season to tend to his mental health. The Nets have said that Simmons is OK mentally and will play once he is OK physically, too. Kevin Durant — who returned from a strained right calf injury only to suffer a torn Achilles in the 2019 Finals — said Simmons is in good spirits and should not rush back. “He looks good as far as just walking around and being around the team. Haven’t seen him do anything on the basketball court as much, but a couple walk-through things,” Durant said Monday after shootaround. “I definitely don’t want him to rush back for us and his back is not right, so take all the time he needs to get his body right. And once he’s out there, we’re ready to rock and roll.” Andre Drummond was set to miss the game with a non-Covid illness. Nash said he expects the big man to join them on the upcoming road trip. The Nets cleared Goran Dragic to play, but the point guard was dealing with left knee soreness. Nash said Dragic did not participate in the morning shootaround to try to save his legs.