Baylor was the last No. 1 seed, and it wasn’t done any favors in the East Region, having to travel all the way to Philadelphia if it gets past the first weekend, and will likely have No. 2 Kentucky and No. 3 Purdue — two of the most talented non-No. 1 seeds — joining them in the City of Brotherly Love. This isn’t the South, which we dubbed the Region of Death. It is, however, sneaky-deep. Fourth-seeded UCLA returned its entire team from last year’s Final Four run while adding pieces, No. 5 Saint Mary’s has handed overall No. 1 Gonzaga its only loss since early December, and 30-win Murray State is closer to a five-seed in ability than a seven. Even the No. 8/No. 9 matchup, between North Carolina and Marquette, features two teams that have shown the ability to beat anyone this year. Experience matters in March, and nobody has more of it than the senior-heavy Gaels, who own wins over Gonzaga, San Francisco (twice) and Notre Dame, and have patiently waited for this opportunity. Saint Mary’s will get UCLA to play at the Gaels’ preferred slow pace in a second-round upset, and will put a scare into Baylor, too. The Hokies have won 13 of their last 15 games, and are soaring after outclassing Duke in the ACC Tournament title game. Meanwhile, it just hasn’t felt right at Texas in Chris Beard’s first season. The big transfers didn’t mesh consistently, and certainly not late in the year, as the Longhorns lost four of their last six. The Tar Heels knocked off Duke handily on Coach K Night. The Golden Eagles swept Villanova. Both teams, at their best, are better than their seed. This could be a high-level game if both bring it. The matchup in the paint will be especially intriguing, as North Carolina dynamo Armando Bacot faces Marquette shot-blocking menace Kur Kuath.  In his sixth year of college, the 6-foot-2 point guard is 24. So he’s old, he’s smart and he shoots the daylight out of the ball. Kuhse gave Gonzaga fits this year, and makes the Gaels a tough out. One of the country’s premier talents, the projected top-10 draft pick is appointment television. He’s improved as a shooter and a distributor as a sophomore, but his strength remains his innate ability to jump higher and move quicker than everyone else. The road isn’t easy. There are potholes along the way, upset-minded Murray State in the second round, loaded Purdue after that, and defending national-champion Baylor to follow. But the Wildcats get back to the Final Four here after John Calipari’s smart offseason adjustment of getting older via the transfer portal, while still remaining loaded with talent. Nobody has stopped Oscar Tshiebwe — a human wrecking ball averaging 17.0 points, 15.1 rebounds and 1.6 blocks — this season, and nobody in the region will be able to, either.