Hang in there, warmer weather is on the way. One of the best things about spring and summer (and even the start of fall) is getting to be outside, even when simply just relaxing in the sun or shade. The best way to do this is in a hammock, as all you need are two trees, and sometimes nothing at all aside from your trusty hammock, should it come with stakes or supports. Should you opt for one that needs tethers or stakes, or one that comes fully assembled with a base, we found a whole array that you can shop for right now, letting you soak in the sun and enjoy the shade all season long without missing a beat. Read on for our top picks for the season, and then head outside to await your new favorite backyard accessory for spring and summer fun. Be wise and check out this top selling Amazon pick for a new hammock. The Wise Owl Outfitters brand hammock comes with all the ropes and clips needed to tie the hammock to trees and can support up to 500 pounds. If your backyard is free of trees, no problem with this all-in-one hammock. Sold on Amazon, this hammock comes with a steel stand, along with the actual hammock that can support up to 450 pounds. Pick a buddy and cuddle up in this two-person hammock, sold at Walmart. The stripes are super cute for summer and there is no need for trees, as this kit comes with the supports to stand on its own, supporting up to 450 pounds at a time. ENO is the name of the game when it comes to outdoor fun. This DoubleNest Hammock is a bestseller, and can be found in an array of fun colors at Dick’s Sporting Goods. It can support up to 400 pounds and comes with all the straps and clips needed to suspend from trees or poles. For an even more super summer, upgrade to the ENO SuperNest, that is larger and more luxe than the above. This hammock can be found at L.L. Bean and comes with a plush head and footrest. It can be suspended with the included ropes, and also set up with an external frame, sold separately. Chill out like a koala with this pretty hammock from Coalatree. The Grandview Hammock comes in two fun patterns perfect for summer, with a 450-pound weight capacity. It comes in a matching bag for easy on-the-go ‘mocking, with the ropes and clips included as well. For those that prefer to lounge upright, check out this chair. It is sold at Wayfair and makes for the more relaxing backyard accessory. The hammock comes in five neutral colors to match any decor, and has a weight limit of 264 pounds. No, this isn’t Cochella, but it could be. Add some boho-chic style to your yard with this macramé hammock, sold on Amazon. The beige hammock comes with beautiful fringe and all the ropes and accessories needed to tie it up, with a weight limit of 500 pounds. What rhymes with “hammock” and is a must-have while camping? This hammock from Kammok. The Roo Double is a great option for any couples or buddies who love the outdoors, as it comes with a 500-pound weight limit and made of 100% recycled fabric. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.