A number of former Boeing 747 jets have been given a new lease of life in recent years and turned into hotels, party pads and cafes. We’ve rounded up the best jet conversions in the world which are now welcoming guests on the ground. Next to Stockholm’s Arlanda Airport is Jumbo Stay Hotel, a former Boeing 747 which opened in 2009. There are 33 rooms, ranging from shared dorms to single dorms in the engines, although the best room is the double room in the cockpit. There is also a cafe and bar on board, as well as a conference lounge and outdoor observation deck. The BA Negus ‘party plane’ is at the privately-owned Cotswolds Airport – and is available for people to hire. The Boeing 747 aircraft is being preserved at the site near Cirencester after British Airways retired its fleet early because of the travel downturn caused by the pandemic. Bought for just $1.33, most of the original structure has stayed the same but the transformation has included stripping out the economy section to create the events space and turning the gallery has been changed into a bar. Near Bangkok, a former Boeing 747 plane has been turned into a cafe open to the public. Guests have to have a “flight ticket” to enter which costs around $4 but can be used against food and drink. You can even go into the cockpit and pose for pictures wearing the pilot’s cap. If you fancy seeing a replica of a plane crash then you only need to head to the Universal Studios attraction. The outdoor plane crash set was built for the Steven Spielberg film War of the Worlds, with the 747 costing $200,000 to buy and build at the theme park. You can visit the “abandoned plane” which remains there now. True aviation geeks can head to the Delta Flight Museum which is built into a Boeing 747 plane. The exhibition has fun facts and artifacts from the flights – for example, did you know that more than 3.5 billion people have ever flown on a Boeing plane? This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.