Your iPhone has a hidden feature that makes signing documents quick and painless. It works using two tricks: the built-in document scanner, and then Apple’s tool to save your own signature. Neither trick is widely advertised, so it’s possible many Apple fans had no idea they existed. But if you’ve been sent a physical document to sign (or even a virtual one), the signature trick is seriously useful. It was shared a few hours ago by TikTok creator @katamogz, where it’s already earned hundreds of likes. It only takes a few seconds to do. All you need to do to is open the Notes app on your iPhone and then create a new note. At the very bottom of this new note, you should see a panel of symbols ranging from the bin to the writing symbol. You just need to click the plus symbol in the very middle and a list of options will pop up. At the very top of the list of options will be “Scan Documents”. Once you click “Scan Documents”, a camera page will open. Then, just take a picture of the document you need to scan. You will have the option to get the edges around the document just right and can pick a variety of color options like black and white, greyscale, or color. Once you are happy with the picture you can convert it into a document that looks just like it has been scanned and save it in your notebook. Open the scanned document, which will usually be a PDF file. Then go into the editor and click on the plus symbol in the bottom left. Now click on Signature in the list of options. You can quickly add your own signature with your finger, and it’ll be added to your PDF. It’s possible to move the signature around, as well as resize it. That means you can place it exactly where it needs to be. Looking for tips and hacks for your phone? Want to find those secret features within social media apps? We have you covered… In other news, Google Chrome users have been urged to delete their browsers. Facebook recently rebranded to Meta. Check out the best iPhone 13 deals. And take a look at your hidden Facebook rejection folder. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.