This former Mormon is living a lusty life of sin — and says she has no regrets about swapping prayer for porn. Skyler — who has not publicly disclosed her surname — left the LDS Church back in 2018, and is now a kinky content creator on OnlyFans. The naughty North Carolinian, 39, has also racked up 168,000 followers on Instagram where she shares steamy selfies for her fawning fans. But in an interview with Jam Press on Tuesday, the mom-of-two says she’s been “exiled” by close-minded members of her former faith who are frightened of her frisky new ventures. “I’ve been shunned by other moms when I go and watch my children play softball and once even cried in a hair salon after the hairdresser said she didn’t agree with what I do,” the blonde beauty stated. Skyler joined the LDS church in her mid-twenties after meeting her Mormon husband. She says she initially thrived in the faith, finding a welcoming community and making close female friendships. But the beauty and her husband soon grew tired of the “rigidity” of the religion, and they looked to leave. “No vices were allowed. No drinking, no smoking. Only sugar was allowed. The amount of baked goods we ate saw us both put on weight and it had a knock-on effect on our marriage,” the soft-core starlet confessed. “It became a sexless marriage. I stopped looking good for my husband,” she added. “It was delusional and we had to get out of there.” After making the decision to leave the church four years ago, Skyler says she and her hubby “smoked a big joint and had the best sex we had in years.” The newly-liberated blonde soon become more comfortable with publicly expressing her sensual side, starting an Instagram account and joining OnlyFans in March 2020. However, her Mormon friends soon found out about her kinky content and began shunning both her and her children. “One day my posts turned up on the explore page [of Instagram], where my daughter’s friend’s mom spotted me. She called me up and said it wasn’t ‘appropriate,'” Skyler recalled. “I felt slut-shamed.” “She then said she wouldn’t be sending her daughter round to our house anymore. It broke my heart seeing a decision I made hurt my daughter so much,” the OnlyFans creator candidly confessed. But despite attracting the ire of her faithful former friends, Skyler has no regrets. She also says OnlyFans has helped strengthen her marriage. “After being a housewife for so many years I now feel sexy and liberated,” she gushed. “My husband gets turned on as he has a hot wife fetish and the idea of other men wanting to get with me gets him going.” The blonde bluntly added: “When we’re thinking of a racy caption together it spices up our bedroom talk. I much prefer exploring this avenue and having a better marriage with my husband than to toe the line with people in this bible belt town.”