SARASOTA, Fla. — On the day Carlos Correa signed with the Twins, Josh Donaldson went deep as a Yankee for the first time. Fairly or not, Donaldson’s time with the Yankees will undoubtedly be judged, at least in part, to what Correa does in Minnesota — since it was the Yankees taking the $50 million remaining on Donaldson’s deal that made it possible for the Twins to sign Correa on Saturday to a three-year, $105.3 million contract. “Good for him,’’ Donaldson said of Correa. “It’s a nice deal. I’m happy for him. I’m happy for them and whatever they wanted to do. I can’t really talk about it too much because I’m here now.” It sure seems as if the Yankees should have been able to bring in Correa on a similar deal as the one he signed with the Twins (especially since it includes an opt out after both of the first two years), but they made the decision to bring in Donaldson, along with shortstop Isiah Kiner-Falefa and catcher Ben Rortvedt in exchange for Gary Sanchez and Gio Urshela. Following that transaction, managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner made it clear the organization was monitoring its expenditures carefully. Trevor Story remains available on the free agent market, but for now, Donaldson is in the middle of a lineup that includes other sluggers, such as Giancarlo Stanton, Aaron Judge, Anthony Rizzo and Joey Gallo. That should mean less of a spotlight on Donaldson than at other times in his career, but if he lives up to expectations, the 36-year-old will be a big part of a powerful lineup — which he was Saturday in a 3-3 tie with the Orioles at Ed Smith Stadium. “I’m working on some things right now to prepare for the season,” Donaldson said. “I’m not too focused on results at this point. I’m more worried about the process and how to go about it. Especially early in the spring, I want to really focus on getting ready to hit and trust my eyes to say no [at a pitch]. As you can see today, I was gonna come out swinging.” He took right-hander Garrett Farmer deep to left in his second at-bat and has impressed manager Aaron Boone with his baseball acumen since getting to camp. “He loves baseball,’’ Boone said. “He’s very engaged and curious. We have a lot of guys that really like the game and like talking the game. He’s interested in nuances and has a real grasp of a lot of aspects of the game. … His love of the game has shown up.” That’s fine — as long as he can avoid the injured list. Boone has no doubt Donaldson will be able to hit. “He has a real understanding of himself as a hitter,’’ Boone said. “He’s 36, but he’s still a beast. The biggest thing for him is gonna be if he’s healthy.” That’s a topic that comes up a lot regarding Donaldson, who suffered a strained right hamstring last Opening Day, which landed him on the injured list, and a right calf strain in August 2020 that also shelved him. Donaldson said he has long worked on his running form in an effort to protect his lower half and has felt good through the first week of camp. He said he prefers not to DH, but will do so when needed. Boone will put him in the mix at the spot, along with Stanton, Judge and others. It’s a conversation that figures to be easier because Donaldson and Boone knew each other a bit before the trade, with the two having played golf before. Donaldson’s swing on Saturday made it clear he can still hit when in good form. “You drove down here over an hour [from Tampa], you might as well do something,’’ Boone said. “He’s looked really good here early. He’s one of the guys that’s stood out physically. He’s in a good spot and almost looks locked in.”