Melinda French Gates has come to bury Bill. And really, can you blame her? Lest any doubt remain that our billionaire tech overlords regard morality as mere obstacle, or that they feel beholden to no laws but their own, French Gates is here to remind us that Bill is even worse. Bill befriended Jeffrey Epstein. And, despite her vocal opposition, French Gates being one of the world’s leading advocates for girls and women, Bill continued to socialize with Epstein — for years. Jeff Bezos? A mensch by comparison. In her artful interview with Gayle King, French Gates elegantly tore off her ex-husband’s mask. “I needed to take a different path,” she began. One would hope. After dispatching with her ex-husband’s multiple infidelities — obliquely saying their marriage “wasn’t healthy and I couldn’t trust what we had” — French Gates swiftly moved on to the Bill & Jeff show. “I did not like that he had a meeting with Jeffrey Epstein,” French Gates said. “No.”She had met Epstein herself, she said. Once. “I regretted it from the second I walked in the door,” she said, calling Epstein “abhorrent” and “evil personified.” And those were just her first impressions. “I had nightmares about it afterwards,” French Gates said. When King asked the obvious follow-up — why would her husband hang out with Epstein after his own wife voiced such dire concerns? — French Gates took her manicured hand and slid in the knife. Such questions, she said, “are for Bill to answer.” Bill released a boilerplate mea culpa in the interview’s aftermath. “A mistake I regret deeply,” he said. “A substantial error in judgement.” Blah, blah, blah. Bloodless. By contrast, his ex-wife spoke of her utter devastation at their divorce, days where she couldn’t get off the floor. “I gave every single piece of myself to this marriage,” she said — the implication being her other half did not. Were there parts of this interview that sounded like her next women’s empowerment book? Sure. “At the end of the day though, I started on this journey of healing,” French Gates said. “And I do feel like I’m turning a page in the chapter now . . . I do my very best to show up as my best self.” Not terribly specific, but French Gates doesn’t owe us the gory details. In fact, she said everything and nothing in this interview, while ensuring one thing: Bill’s legacy will always be sullied by that asterisk.