PORT ST. LUCIE — Play better. A simple concept. And really, if you were going to make a sport deodorant, that should be the brand name. Play better. It makes pretty much anything bad for an athlete go away, even any lingering stench from rats or raccoons. Buck Showalter mentioned that he is not much for motivational signage through a team’s facility. He believes it is read once and the redundancy removes impact. So, if forced to put any words up, the Mets manager said it would be “Play better.” That never gets old. It endures as a problem-solver even, if for example, you point thumbs down insultingly at the home fans. Met history is littered with the play-better deodorant. Ray Knight went from mercilessly booed Met in 1985 to forever beloved in 1986. Mike Piazza’s introduction to the Mets was laced with bile before becoming the best hitter in franchise history and a retired number. Carlos Beltran was a waste of money until he revealed himself fully as arguably the Mets’ best all-around player ever. They all played better. They all changed the conversation. Now, it is Francisco Lindor’s turn. His first year in New York was thin-skinned and flimsy results. He came from Cleveland believing he would take the city by storm and, instead, was stormed by the city. He used the word “fast” a bunch of times Tuesday to describe how a first year in a new locale sped up on him — it isn’t called a New York Minute for nothing. And Lindor’s first season in New York did not even cover a second of the 10-year, $341 million extension he signed before the 2021 season opener. So in many ways, this marriage has not really begun. And with all the positive offseason Mets vibes from a free-agent splurge that included Max Scherzer to the hiring of Showalter, getting the best out of Steve Cohen’s first signature move remains a front-and-center issue. Remember that even after trading for Lindor, the Mets could have just let him play out his walk year because, really, if they wanted him and he wanted to stay, would anyone really have outbid Cohen? But the new Mets owner wanted to show there was a new (deep-pocketed) sheriff in town, and nothing quite says the Wilpons aren’t here any longer than guaranteeing one player more than the Wilpons had ever given two combined — by $65.5 million. The hope was that Lindor’s all-around skills and Mr. Smile persona would provide the cornerstone from which a contender was built. But Lindor struggled early, then late in the year — as the Mets withered from contention — he joined, among others, pal and short-term teammate Javy Baez to turn thumbs-down as a way to symbolically boo fans who were booing them. In between, in May, he had a confrontation with Jeff McNeil, then lied about it afterward (rats/raccoons). In November reporting by The Post’s Mike Puma, it was revealed Lindor was upset McNeil was not positioning himself as planned and was dismissing Lindor’s efforts at repositioning. That led to an altercation in which Lindor grabbed McNeil by the throat and pushed him against a wall. Lindor insisted the two were good. So did McNeil, who told The Post, “Everything is fine. It’s workable.” He added, “Obviously, it is not ideal,” but that over 162 games there are a lot of issues that impact every team and that, “We are grown men here. We moved past it and played fine together.” And this all became the wallpaper to Lindor’s debut Met season because — drumroll — he did not play better. Lindor had his worst batting career average (.230) and OPS (.734) even after a strong September. Lindor insisted he has learned and adapted, and that he has no regrets about signing on for a decade. He mentioned conversations with Showalter about better handling the environment and used one of his manager’s long-term mantras — that fans want to “embrace” players, they want to cheer. But that is not about words or thoughts to get that hug. Play better. So that is really the question for Lindor — can he play better? From 2016-18, his performance was on the rise, moving him from star to superstar. But there has been an annual diminishment since. It can be explained. The start of his 2019 season was crippled by calf, then ankle injuries. The 2020 season was unsettled and shortened by COVID-19. Last year was the tsunami of transferring from Cleveland to New York. He is still just 28. He should be in his prime. Lindor has 10 years of this Mets contract, plenty of time to take the baton from Knight, Piazza and Beltran. So when asked if he could return to his highest highs, Lindor said, “I can play, man. I can play and I don’t think I have hit my peak yet.” His time in New York really will be judged by whether he can climb from the 2021 lows to new peaks. Basically it comes down to this: Play better.