This Big Ten Tournament is wide open. Anyone from Illinois to Indiana could get hot and win this thing. Hell, Nebraska just ended its season with wins over Penn State, Ohio State and Wisconsin. Illinois earned the top seed after a wild final week of games. Meanwhile, Rutgers alumni will be telling stories to their grandchildren about the “double-bye Scarlet Knights.” This is the highest seed Rutgers has earned since joining the conference in 2015. The Big Ten is usually a grind — a low-scoring league that relies on defensive-minded teams, which cash Unders at a 55 percent rate. But this season has been a different story, as the Big Ten features five teams that rank in the top 20 in adjusted offensive efficiency — more than any conference. Meanwhile, not a single team ranks in the top 20 in adjusted defensive efficiency. So, between high-scoring games and a wide-open field, this might be the best conference tournament of the week. Where’s the value? The Hawkeyes are my favorite future in this tournament. You could still snag Iowa at +390 on FanDuel at the time of this writing. Iowa ended the season winning eight of its final nine games before getting an ultra-motivated Illinois team in Champaign in the regular-season finale. The Illini had just learned they could win the Big Ten regular-season title after Wisconsin dropped an unlikely game to Nebraska. How do you lose that game? So, the road to the Big Ten Championship for Iowa includes: — Beating the winner of Nebraska-Minnesota in Round 2. — Beating Rutgers on a neutral court in the quarterfinals. —  Beating Illinois on a neutral court in the semis in a massive revenge spot. I love that. Moreover, Iowa is still underrated in the Big Ten hierarchy. Most fans look at Iowa like a poor man’s Purdue — i.e., a great offense with a very suspect defense. But that’s not the case. Iowa’s offense is as electric and uptempo as the Boilermakers’ and features just as many elite shot-makers. Plus, the unit is led by Keegan Murray, who led the league in scoring (23.3 ppg) and was second in ORtg (129.9). It’s nice to have a stud like that in big moments like this.  Moreover, Iowa’s defense sneakily improved throughout the season. It’s been significantly better than Purdue’s. Iowa has an argument as the best team in the league. If not, the Hawkeyes are at least the hottest. We’re fading third-seeded Purdue. The Boilermakers’ offense is so good. But the defense cannot guard a ball-screen to save its life. You can just attack Purdue in that set over-and-over and Matt Painter has no answers. Given my disbelief in this Boilermaker team, I’d be willing to buy small futures in Wisconsin (8/1) and Ohio State (10/1) on the bottom of the bracket. If Purdue goes down, we’d get a good hedging opportunity in the final. Plus, Chris Holtmann and Ohio State ran to the championship game last year. Why can’t they do it again? If you’re going to take a chunk out of the top-three seeds, I’d probably look at No. 1 Illinois. Behind Trent Frazier and Alfonso Plummer, the Illini’s perimeter defense is hard to crack. Plus, the two are deadly shooters and create plenty of space for Kofi Cockburn to dominate down low. But my belief in Iowa means I’ll be avoiding that bet.