The United States imports 600,000 barrels daily of Russian oil (“Make US energy indy, Joe,” Editorial, March 4). This has been lavishly enriching Vladimir Putin’s government. As Putin threatens the use of strategic and tactical nuclear weapons against the West, what’s his agenda after Ukraine? Will Russian forces next invade Moldova? Will these feckless Neville Chamberlain-types in the United States stand up to the man? The time has arrived for President Biden to reinstate canceled drilling leases. Ban all Russian oil imports to the United States as a matter of policy and resurrect domestic oil and natural-gas production. Restart work on the Keystone XL pipeline project immediately. Earl Beal Terre Haute, Ind. Western Europe foolishly allowed Putin to develop a stranglehold over its energy needs with its subservience to the radical enviro-nuts. The monster of Moscow has now leveraged that dependence to try to put the pieces back together of the old Soviet Union, which is his all-consuming mission. The only way back from this abyss is to rein in the Greenies. But pathetically, that dangerous schlub in the Oval Office takes his marching orders (on energy and everything else) from Rep. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez & Co. James Hyland Beechhurst America had energy independence, and we were exporting gas and oil before Biden’s executive orders. Undo what Biden did to reduce production his first day in office, which ended our energy independence. Restoring those policies should restore our energy independence. When our energy independence is restored, we can export energy and offset the Russian oil to Europe. John Piccolo Estero, Fla. Someone should ask former President Barack Obama and all those people who laughed at Mitt Romney after he said Russia will be our No. 1 foreign concern how they feel now. Biden and his leftist party have helped support the Russian war machine by closing down drilling for oil and gas in America and buying oil and gas from a war criminal. Bruce Collins Tom’s River, NJ If the United States were to suddenly ban Russia’s oil imports, Russia would probably have no problem finding another customer, such as the Chinese Communist Party, which would gladly buy Russia’s oil. And the unfortunate reality today is that, thanks to Biden’s reversal of Trump’s energy policies, the United States is desperate for all the oil it can get, including Russia’s, and if we stop buying Russia’s oil, the American people and our economy would suffer more than Vladimir Putin, who probably has a Plan B to make up the shortfall. J. J. Crovatto Ramsey, NJ This is not the time to pursue the Democratic Party’s dream of “green energy.” It’s the time to save innocent lives in Ukraine. Even if it’s a temporary measure, we should open up our gas and oil lines in America and stop buying Russian gas and oil. If we do not do this, we are complicit in the deaths of the Ukrainian people — and whomever else Putin pursues after the Ukrainians. Susan Green Manhattan Putin’s depraved bombardment has transformed Ukraine into a killing field of unutterable death and destruction. The malevolent images of dead Ukrainians are magnified by the heart-wrenching depiction of children being killed and maimed by this barbaric onslaught perpetrated by a maniacal despot. An atrocity of this scope should not be allowed to fester. The United States, the presumptive dominant world power, is led by an assemblage of simpletons who won’t even use our plentiful energy resources because of their unwavering commitment to the Green New Deal, even when our security is in imminent danger. This should make all Americans red with embarrassment. Denis David East Rockaway Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.