Russell Westbrook continues to be haunted by the “Westbrick” nickname given to him by NBA fans. In a viral video from the Lakers’ blowout loss to the Timberwolves at the Target Center on Wednesday night, Westbrook approached a fan that was yelling “Westbrick, I’m you’re biggest fan.” When the Lakers guard heard the taunting during pre-game warm-ups, he quickly turned around, walked over to the fan, and asked, “What did you call me?” The heckler was quick to change their tune and said, “Westbrook, Russell Westbrook. I didn’t mean it like that,” as the former league MVP walked away. At the time, little did Westbrook know that he’d be taunted by Minnesota stars Patrick Beverley and Karl-Anthony Towns for his continued struggles on the offensive end. Just before halftime, Beverley stole the rock off Westbrook and called him “trash” after the play stopped on the other end. Minnesota was up 62-44 at the time. Fast forward to the fourth quarter when Towns caught an airball by Westbrook from behind the arc and mocked him while turning his head the other way multiple times. After the Timberwolves rolled past the Lakers 124-104, Westbrook said the trash talk didn’t bother him. “I honestly don’t pay no mind to it,” he said. Earlier this month, Westbrook vowed to confront anyone taunting him about the “Westbrick” nickname after his wife Nina said their family was getting “death wishes” amid his poor play. “It affects them even going to games,” Westbrook said about his wife and three young children attending Lakers games. “… And it’s gotten so bad where my family don’t even want to go to home games, to any game … and it’s just super unfortunate, man. And it’s super upsetting to me. I’m at a point where I’m going to continue to address it. It’s just unfortunate.” Westbrook’s months-long offensive struggles followed him to Minnesota on Wednesday, when he recorded 15 points on 5-for-12 shooting and was 1-4 from three. The nine-time All-Star — who is the highest-paid player on the Lakers’ roster, earning $44 million, ahead of LeBron James ($41 million) — reportedly has mutual interest with the franchise about finding a new team in the summer. The Lakers (29-40) are in the ninth spot in the Western Conference with the play-in tournament less than a month away. The play-in round begins April 12 and concludes April 15. The NBA playoffs start on April 16.