INDIANAPOLIS — Ickey Ekwonu is not unfamiliar with the spotlight. The North Carolina State offensive lineman is considered one of the two best offensive tackles in the 2022 NFL Draft. There is a chance he winds up as the selection of the Jets with the No. 4 pick or the Giants with the No. 5 pick. That is, if the Jaguars do not take him No. 1 overall. But Ekwonu won’t be fazed by being the lead man of the draft. He’s been the lead before — in his fifth-grade production of “101 Dalmatians” when he played Pongo The Dog. “That was a big step for me,” Ekwonu said Thursday at the scouting combine. Ekwonu talked about his life in musical theater as a kid, being in honors chorus in high school and, of course, football during a session with reporters here where his big personality was on display. As NFL teams will discover in their own interviews with Ekwonu, he is comfortable in his own skin and loves playing football. “I feel like if you ask anybody back at State they’re going to tell you that I have the most fun on the field,” Ekwonu said. “I love this game so much. I love offensive line, being able to impose my will when I want on defenders. That’s something I take a lot of pride in. Every time I get on the field it feels like I’m a kid again playing flag football. I have a lot of fun with this game. I have a lot of fun dominating people. That’s one of the best parts of the job.” If the Jets draft Ekwonu, he would likely have to play guard for a year. The Jets will likely have Mekhi Becton and George Fant at tackle in 2022. Ekwonu could be the team’s right guard, forming a nice pairing with Alijah Vera-Tucker at the position and strengthening the line in front of Zach Wilson. Ekwonu, who is 6-foot-4 and 320 pounds, has played both guard and tackle at college and said he is willing to move to guard even though he prefers left tackle. “I’ve always been a team player,” Ekwonu said. “I’ve never been shy to bump inside or do the best thing for the team. If you ask me personally, I definitely see myself as a left tackle. I feel like I’m barely scratching the surface of my potential at left tackle. I feel like with some more development, a little bit more refinement in my game, I can definitely be great at that position.” Most draft rankings have Ekwonu behind Alabama’s Evan Neal at tackle but there is still plenty of time before the draft. Ekwonu could end up being the No. 1 overall pick by Jacksonville. “That would mean a lot to me,” Ekwonu said. “I think I’d be only the third NC State player to go No. 1 overall. Having that legacy, having that history to it, that means a lot to me as well. I’ve worked really hard all throughout my years at NC State, all throughout this offseason. I wouldn’t be shocked if I went No. 1 overall. I feel like that’s something that I’ve put the work in for and I feel like when that time comes, I would deserve it.” If the Jaguars don’t take him, he could end up with one of the New York teams, something he welcomes. “That would be great,” Ekwonu said. “I have family in New York and New Jersey, so it would be nice to be able to spend some time with them and be close to them. I’ve been in New York City a couple of times. I’ve been in New Jersey a couple of times, a beautiful area. It would definitely be a nice change of scenery.”