Kyrie Irving was courtside but ineligible. Ben Simmons was hurt. But Kevin Durant was dominant, and the Nets needed every bit of that dominance. Durant had the second-highest-scoring game in a high-scoring career, carrying Brooklyn to a 110-107 victory over the rival Knicks on Sunday at Barclays Center. The standing-room only sellout crowd of 18,057 serenaded Durant with chants of “MVP! MVP!” and he looked the part as he came up one point short of matching his career high. “Kevin was unbelievable, obviously. Carried us. Made a lot of big plays. Rebounds, assists, the whole deal,” Steve Nash said. “He was Kevin Durant on full display.” Durant handed out nine assists, grabbed six rebounds and lifted the eighth-seeded Nets (35-33) down the stretch. Missing not only Irving and Simmons, but LaMarcus Aldridge, Joe Harris and last-minute scratch Seth Curry, Durant carried the Nets to a third straight win — and within 2 ½ games of No. 7 Toronto. “I felt like we were shorthanded in the scoring department missing Ky’, missing Seth, missing LaMarcus,” Durant said. “I’m at a point in my career where I’m like ‘All right, how can I impact everybody out here? How can I make the other coaches think about their game plan?’ So I feel like I up the level of everybody out there on the floor, and that’s a good feeling to have.” It was Julius Randle’s hard hit on Durant that had sparked a 9-0 Knicks run, and left the Nets in a 103-101 hole with two minutes left. But Brooklyn righted the ship, and Durant steered the Nets home. “He’s one of the best to ever do it, so it’s tough when he gets hot like that,” said RJ Barrett (24 points). “It was a close game, we had opportunities, we had chances. But especially the shot he hit with a minute left was a big shot.” The 12th-place Knicks (28-40) fell to five games outside the play-in, behind the Hawks and Hornets, pending Atlanta’s game Sunday night. Durant had seven points in a game-closing 9-4 run, his 3-pointer with 56.3 seconds left in regulation giving the Nets the lead for good. His four straight free throws down the stretch — and a huge steal by Bruce Brown (15 points, seven boards, five assists) off an Evan Fournier pass — ensured there would be no overtime. “It’s fun to watch. It’s fun to watch and fun to be a part of. [Durant’s] the best player in the world,” said Andre Drummond (18 points, 10 rebounds). “It’s real cool for me just to be a part of this and to watch him be great.” Durant’s pull-up gave Brooklyn a 101-94 lead with 4:54 left. But moments later he got de-cleated by Randle (team-high 26 points), knocked on his butt and left stunned looking for a call while Randle went the other way with the ball. Goran Dragic — starting for Irving — committed a clear-path foul on Randle while Durant protested to the ref. That play inspired the Knicks, who reeled off a 9-0 run, capped by a Barrett driving layup for a two-point edge with 2:52 left. But Drummond dunked to knot the game with 2:12 remaining, and Durant eventually untied it. Randle isolated on Dragic, but the point guard forced a turnover. And on Brooklyn’s ensuing possession, the Knicks predictably blitzed two defenders at Durant and made him give up the ball not once but twice. But he got it back and drilled a huge contested 3 with 56.3 seconds left to play. After a Randle dunk and a Durant miss, the Knicks had one last chance but Brown tipped Fournier’s pass for a steal. Alec Burks intentionally fouled Durant, and he sank both at the line with 6.6 seconds left and a three-point lead. The Nets put Barrett on the line with 2.2 seconds left. After Barrett sank the first free throw and tried to miss the second but hit nothing but net, Durant closed it out at the line. “You can throw a lot of bodies at [Durant], you can be physical,” Fournier said. “But once he elevates, his release is so high and he’s so tall it’s just him and the rim.” And on Sunday, that rim looked big.