Having broken down the side angles for Saturday’s Final Four matchups, it’s now time to turn our attention to the totals. Duke-North Carolina, perhaps expectedly, has the highest total among the two games. The total currently sits at 151, up from an opening number of 150, while Kansas-Villanova sits between 132.5 and 133.5 depending on where you shop. That’s up from an opener of 131. But how should bettors tackle both totals? Without further ado, here are my evaluations of both numbers as well as a best bet across both contests. In the first two meetings between these squads, there was no shortage of offense. The most recent meeting at Cameron Indoor Stadium featured a combined 175 points with visiting North Carolina notching 94 points away from home. As for the meeting in Chapel Hill, the teams combined for 154 points with Duke accounting for the lion’s share (87 total team points). Oddsmakers expect another high-scoring game, but I worry about backing the over here. The first element of my working theory is that with a championship game appearance on the line, teams will play better defense. Additionally, the fact the game is taking place at a football stadium could lead to some funky sightlines.  Plus, the one element I’m unsure of with this total is what you get from North Carolina. As mentioned in our sides preview, we know Duke can score against a poor North Carolina defense. It owns edges in both field-goal percentage at the rim and from beyond the arc. And, although it may be an oversimplification, North Carolina is 235th of 358 teams in points allowed/game. Plus, the Tar Heels offense has posted a below-average offensive rating in three straight games. While the Duke defense has been anything but impressive, I question whether we’ll get enough from the Tar Heels to clear this number for a third straight meeting. If anything, I’d be looking at a Duke team total for this contest. But in terms of the full-game total, I lean to the over but it’s too high a number for me to back on a neutral court. Verdict: Lean over 151, but no play. The biggest element of this handicap for me is that Justin Moore, Villanova’s second-leading scorer, will be out of this game. Villanova already isn’t a particularly deep team, so I believe that injury will have a major impact on its offense and force head coach Jay Wright to try and slow the game down. Plus, as mentioned in our sides analysis, Kansas is so good at defending the arc, so I’ll be surprised if Villanova create much from distance. That said, Villanova’s defense has played incredibly well since the start of the Big East Tournament. It has kept its opponent under 65 points in eight straight games and has kept 11 of its last 16 opponents under 70 points. Despite Kansas sitting 23rd in the country, it has posted a below-average points/game output in two straight tournament games against Providence and Miami (FL). Both of those defenses sit well below the Wildcats in points allowed/game, so I’m going to be placing some trust in this Wildcats defense. On the flip-side, Kansas’s defense has played really well since the start of the Big 12 Tournament. In its last seven games, only two opponents have posted an offensive rating of 90 or higher, with only one opponent reaching an offensive rating of 100. With Villanova undermanned, I expect Kansas will wear down its offense and force poor shots that lead to this game being a low-scoring one. Verdict: Bet Under 133 Points