Injuries are going to happen at this time of an NHL season no matter what, especially considering this is the first 82-game slate in two years. Players haven’t endured the grind of a full season since 2018-19, and some never have before. Traveling throughout the season also takes its toll, which wasn’t an issue last year with the division realignments that minimized travel due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Rangers have had to deal with this adjustment just as every other NHL team. With four games left in the regular season, however, the Rangers have gotten bit by the injury bug. Andrew Copp (lower-body) and Filip Chytil (upper-body) didn’t participate in the Rangers’ optional practice on Friday at MSG Training Center in Tarrytown. Both forwards suffered injuries in the 6-3 win over the Islanders on Thursday. Both are considered day-to-day and won’t play against the Bruins on Saturday, but head coach Gerard Gallant insinuated that neither is in serious condition. “I’m no doctor,” he said. “I don’t want to get ahead of myself and put pressure on players. But I was told day-to-day, not serious. So we’ll see what that means.” The injuries are just the latest for the Rangers, who are also without Kaapo Kakko (lower-body) and Tyler Motte (upper-body). Kakko, who was injured just four games after an absence of 10-plus weeks for a suspected wrist injury, skated on his own Friday and is on pace to rejoin the Rangers in time for the playoffs. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Gallant has also said Kakko should be able to get into a couple of games before the playoffs roll around in May. After the Canucks shipped him to New York at the trade deadline, Motte skated in nine games with the Rangers before the pending unrestricted free agent took a high hit from the Penguins’ Anthony Angello in a 3-0 Blueshirts win on April 7. Gallant has ruled Motte out for the remainder of the regular season, but the fact the Rangers classified his injury as “significant” isn’t a good sign for a return by the playoffs. “You got your fingers crossed every game,” Gallant said of injuries this time of year. “That’s what coaches do. But they’re going to happen. You hope they’re minor injuries, that’s what you hope all the time. You got to go play the game. It’s a fine line in going out there. “I’ve liked the way we’re playing the last four or five games. In the standings, they don’t look like real important games, but you got to keep playing. You can’t turn it off and turn it on. You have a bad game one night, you’ve got to bounce back and play well.” So the Rangers will have to dip further into their depth to pad out the lineup Saturday. The top options to fill in for Copp and Chytil are Jonny Brodzinski, who has been a healthy scratch in the past six games, and Greg McKegg, who hasn’t played since April 1. Julien Gauthier is also an option, especially as a right winger, but he has skated in just one contest since March 15. “You can’t play soft because you don’t want to get injured,” Ryan Reaves said. “I feel like if you do that, that’s when you get injured. Injuries happen, hopefully they’re not too bad. But we got a lot of bodies here that are going to step in and play well.”