President Trump, I’m confused! In your furious statement about our interview for my new show “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” you call it “long and tedious” but also “very strong.” Which is it? It was certainly long at more than 70 minutes — and if you’re genuinely annoyed I had that much extra time, why didn’t you end it much earlier? — but judging by the global media excitement it’s already generated before it’s even aired, it was far from tedious. And there were certainly many very strong moments. You call me “Fake News Media,” claiming that I “attempted to unlawfully and deceptively edit” the 30-second promo we released yesterday to promote the interview. But ironically, that claim is itself fake news. You said all the things we see you saying in that promo, and they are an accurate representation of the most contentious part of our interview. (As an aside, I remember you producing many similar dramatic promos about me when I competed in your “Celebrity Apprentice” show, containing the most interesting moments as an enticement for people to watch, so I’m surprised you now think it’s a terrible thing to do …) In the lengthy piece I wrote in yesterday’s New York Post, I made the precise sequence of events and context crystal-clear. So, in fact, it’s YOUR disingenuous statement that is misleading. The bottom line is that we had a wide-ranging conversation about a number of issues, many of which I agreed with you about. This certainly wasn’t a Trump-bashing interview, as you know. I’ve always tried to be fair about you. But when I told you I don’t believe the 2020 election was either rigged or stolen from you, you got angry and called me a “fool” seven times. You reiterated in your statement that I’m a fool if I truly believe those results. Well, I do — as do many senior Republicans, from Mitch McConnell to Mike Pence — so I guess I must identify myself, by your criteria, as a fool. That doesn’t change my conviction that you lost the 2020 election fairly, and to date you’ve produced no hard evidence to suggest otherwise. Until or if you do, I politely suggest you stop perpetuating such an absurd delusion, which just makes you look like the world’s sorest loser and slightly bonkers. Like a guy pointing at a blue sky and saying it’s red. You insist that our encounter ended acrimoniously, but as the footage clearly shows, your final actions were to tersely snap “Turn the camera off!” at my crew, then walk away through a side door, loudly muttering “So dishonest” about me. This came after I courteously shook your hand and thanked you for the interview. I was shocked. It was an angry and frankly rude way to end a volatile interview, where your mood swung wildly between friendly and hostile — particularly toward the end. But I wasn’t dishonest. Like the 2020 election, the promo wasn’t rigged. And as viewers will discover on Monday, when my new show starts airing on Fox Nation, it was a great interview.