Shaun King logged back on to Twitter to clap back at Donald Trump Jr. — a day after the controversial Black Lives Matter activist had apparently left the site following Elon Musk’s $44 billion acquisition of the social media giant. King on Monday appeared to delete his account for good after Twitter’s board announced that it had accepted Musk’s offer to buy the firm and take it private, with some users tweeting out screenshots of King’s blank home page. When King’s Twitter status became a trending topic, Don Jr. tweeted that the possibility of his deleting his account would “alone” be worth $44 billion. In response, King logged back on to Twitter to deny that he deleted his account. “You wish, motherf–ker,” King tweeted at Don Jr. “I didn’t delete my account. I was getting death threats and hack attempts from your buddies who stormed the Capitol and had to make it more secure.” King added: “Good luck not perjuring yourself when you testify before the January 6th committee.” Before visitors to King’s Twitter timeline were met with a blank page on Monday night, he tweeted that Musk’s takeover of Twitter was about “white power.” “At its root, Elon Musk wanting to purchase Twitter is not about left vs right,” King tweeted. “The man was raised in Apartheid by a white nationalist. He’s upset that Twitter won’t allow white nationalists to target/harass people. That’s his definition of free speech.” “So for me, this isn’t about left vs right. Not at all. It’s about how the richest man in the world, a son of Apartheid, raised by a white nationalist, wants to be sure his speech, and that of other white men, isn’t censored.” King and other liberals and progressives have bemoaned the possibility of Musk taking over the site since he has pledged to take a “free speech absolutist” approach to content moderation. Republicans and conservatives have celebrated Musk’s bid to acquire the site, saying that it will allow their views to be heard on more mainstream platforms. Erik Larsen, the comic book creator whose credits include “The Amazing Spider-Man,” deleted his account after vowing to do so if Musk bought Twitter. “The day Elon Musk buys Twitter is the day I delete my account and leave Twitter,” Larsen tweeted on April 14. “Nothing good can come from Elon Musk buying Twitter.” Jameela Jamil, the actress and activist, announced that she’s leaving Twitter after the platform accepted Elon Musk’s $44 billion offer to buy the company. “Ah he got Twitter,” Jamil tweeted alongside four images of herself with her dog. “I would like this to be my what lies here as my last tweet. Just really any excuse to show pics of Barold.”