In the iconic words of Demi Lovato, let’s be “cool for the summer!” With warm weather comes sunscreen, bathing suits, coolers filled with your favorite beverages and, unfortunately, sweltering temperatures. In an effort to help you stay cool this summer, the New York Post rounded up the best fans the Internet has to offer — ranging from tower fans, desk options and pedestal fans – many of which have earned thousands of raving reviews. Brands include Lasko, Dyson, Honeywell and more. The best part? Many of these picks are available on Amazon.com, making your shopping experience that much easier. Hello, two-day Prime shipping! While you’re preparing for warm weather, consider checking our our shopping guides on the best air conditioning units, pool floats and beach umbrellas. This Lasko tower fan features three quiet sounds and a nighttime setting automatically decreases fan speed and dims control lights. For an inexpensive, quality option, consider this Honeywell Quiet Set Tower Fan. It’s on sale for just $50 and has more than 23,000 raving reviews. This Dreo tower fan is another great find as it has six speeds, zero blades, four different modes and a LED display. If you’re looking to splurge, you can’t go wrong with the Dyson tower fan that also purifies the air around you. It comes in three different colors and according to the brand, removes gases and 99.97% of allergens and pollutants as small as 0.3 microns. This B-Air industrial fan is great for those looking for a simple option. It costs less than $70 and gets the job done. For a mini and inexpensive fan, go for the Honeywell TurboForce. It has a whopping 91,000 reviews and is on sale for less than $20 — plus, it comes in black and white. For something a little bit more modern and powerful, go for the BONECO Personal fan, which is ideal for bedrooms or mid-sized rooms. It features a stylish and innovative single-arm design to help achieve superior airflow and the head of the fan can be rotated 270 degrees which makes it extremely versatile. This Shaper Image fan is another great choice and would go great with any mid-century modern aesthetic. More than that, it works great (has almost 2,000 Amazon reviews!) and won’t break the bank! This Vornado Flippi Circulator Fan comes in seven different colors and has almost 15,000 reviews. It features two speeds and is equipped with an adjustable tilt head and manual swivel base that allow you to direct the air where you need it. When in doubt, go with the basics. This Amazon Basics Pedestal Fan comes with a remote and will stand the test of time. It has three power settings and is engineered for whisper-quiet operation: high quality silent motor works at low noise level. The Honeywell Pedestal Fan is remote operated and features double blade configuration with three speed settings and oscillation for wide area cooling in medium to large rooms. For a back-in-time pedestal looking fan, go with Everdure. It’s currently on sale and comes in four different colors. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.