Mike Krzyzewski discussed the rumors and innuendo that he is going to “pull a Tom Brady” and un-retire from coaching with a quick denial. The recently-retired Duke coach was asked by Sean Farnham, his co-host on his SiriusXM show “Basketball and Beyond with Coach K”. “What is your reply to all of those people that are asking those questions today [about pulling a Brady]?” Farnham asked. “Well, to even be put in the same room maybe that Brady would be in is an honor, but, you know, he still has talent that can be used at a really high level. I’m done with the coaching part of it,” Krzyzewski answered. Brady, widely considered the greatest quarterback of all-time, recently announced he was returning to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after a brief retirement. After his initial denial, Coach K talked about how grateful he was for his 47 years in coaching. “But wow. You know, I’ve been so lucky to be in it for 47 years, almost five decades of coaching at either West Point or Duke, and then 11 years with U.S. How lucky can you be?” he asked. “To be in that arena with two of the best institutions in the world, and then to represent your country in the global arena, it’s been an unbelievable honor. And I’ve loved it. I I’ve loved doing what I dreamed I wanted to do when I was 16, and that was to be a coach. “And it went on steroids, you know, I mean, all the opportunities and the people who’ve helped me, and obviously one of the main things is the players that you have an honor to coach who have been so very talented and so very committed to team play. As a result we’ve won a lot of championships and obviously you lose too, but those times that you win are cherished.” Earlier this week, Jay Williams, who played for Coach K at Duke, speculated that the departure of assistant coach and ace recruiter Nolan Smith to Louisville could cause Krzyzewski to postpone his successor Jon Scheyer’s tenure for a year to preserve the program’s top-rated recruiting class. “Here’s why I give it a legit chance,” Williams said on his ESPN Radio morning program. “If you’re Nolan Smith, and you have a great relationship with all these players, you’re in the (same) conference. You’re at Louisville. You’re picking up the phone and [recruiting the stars from Duke]. It weakens the hold of Duke. If you’re Coach K, how do you strengthen that hold? You’re coming back.” Williams had hardly been alone in his speculation, but his proximity to the program carried a lot of weight in driving the conversation this week.