She was not flying the friendly size. A plus-size UK passenger split the internet after sharing a now-viral video in which she slammed Ryanair over the size of their seats and seatbelts, among other supposedly unaccommodating features. Kirsty Leanne’s footage detailing the airline’s allegedly unaccommodating amenities currently boasts 1.3 million views on TikTok. “Uh oh, middle seat,” wrote body positivity influencer Leanne, 29, on the video of the mile-high mishap, which occurred while she was flying the budget carrier from London to Hamburg, Germany, on April 21. The Shropshire, England, native, who wears a size 26, runs Plus Size Travel Too, a site geared to help fellow travelers overcome the hurdles of flying “while fat.” Some of Leanne’s tips include asking for seatbelt extenders and selecting window seats as they provide more space. In the aforementioned airline review, the globetrotter detailed how she had been randomly assigned a “middle seat,” which had “very little leg room.” However, Leanne told Jam Press that her cramped quarters weren’t totally Ryanair’s fault as she “had an under seat bag” and that all in all, the small space was “definitely manageable.” “I needed to use a seatbelt extender, but this is something I am used to, and the flight attendant handed it me discreetly as I asked when I boarded,” the passenger added. Leanne subsequently moved to the aisle seat as it was empty, per the clip, however the space was similarly confining regardless of whether the armrest was up or down. Accompanying footage shows the unhappy traveler crammed into the air chair like an older kid in a booster seat. And that was just the tip of the in-flight iceberg: “The tray table was a big fat no,” said the airline guide in the clip, which showed her attempting to lower the accessory down all the way, only to have it stop at a steep angle. “I was going to use the tray table to do some work on the way, but when I couldn’t put it down, I quickly decided that it was not going to happen,” Leanne lamented to Jam Press. The TikToker concluded the clip by belly-aching about the lavatory, which she felt left her little space to move around and were literally a “no go.” “I thought I’d chance using the one on the flight, but unfortunately, it’s probably one of the smallest bathrooms I’ve ever seen, and I decided against trying to squeeze in,” said Leanne, who decided to hold it in until she arrived at her destination. And the awkwardness wasn’t limited to the accommodations: “I was one of the last people on the plane because I was running a little late, so I felt the stares of people,” the flustered flyer said. “All I could think was that they didn’t want me to sit next to them.” Reps for Ryanair have yet to respond to requests for comment about her viral moment — but TikTok had plenty to say: Many commenters were unsympathetic towards Leanne’s plight, with many commenting how she was the one who needed to make a change and not the airline. “Do we really live in a society where people expect the world to change around them instead of them bending to the world around them?” scoffed one critic. Another wrote, “Honey it’s not the airline’s fault,” while another detractor chimed in: “Surely this motivates you to make a change.” However, Leanne claimed in the comments that “people missed the point entirely.” “I do think airlines should do more to be accessible for plus-size people,” she said. “That doesn’t mean I’m blaming them for me being fat. It’s pretty simple.” However, this isn’t the first time the globetrotter’s airline criticism has been deemed wide of the mark. The travel blogger was also ripped two months ago after filming herself struggling to fit into an airline seat  — with critics telling her to “buy two seats” or forgo flying altogether.