lululemon really never lets us down. Whether it’s their stellar running gear, their new footwear or their iconic “We Made Too Much” sale, the ahletic brand continues to blow us away. Their latest offering is none other than a spring 2022 tennis collection, and we are obsessed. Made for both men and women, these 10 best tennis outfits will become your perfect match. Best of all, they’re great for on and off the court, ensuring you feel confident and ready to play. Pro tennis champion and lululemon ambassador Leylah Fernandez said it best. “When I’m on the tennis court, I don’t want tothink about anything that I’m wearing,” said Fernandez. “When I put on lululemon, I feel confident and I’m ready to take on any challenge that’s in front of me.” Keep reading to shop the new lululemon spring 2022 tennis collection. Made to keep you dry, this short sleeve features a relaxed fit, quick-drying fabric and underarm gussets. Most notable, this shirt is made with No-Stink Zinc which strives to inhibit the growth of odour-causing bacteria on the fabric. Choose from white, black and highlight yellow. With swift fabric on the skirt and four-way stretch material, there is no way you won’t fall in love with this court dress. We also love how the dress contours the body, sits above the knee and features a built-in shelf bra. New colors include vivid plum, electric lemon and white. Available in five dreamy colors, this breathable headband features anti-stink technology and a velvet inside to help keep it in place. Serve some serious looks with these vented tennis shorts that feature built-in tennis ball storage. You can look forward to lightweight fabric, a relaxed fit and a breathable waistband. Choose from electric lemon with white, white, pastel blue with graphite grey and black. Made with the brand’s fastest drying fabric, Everlux, you can look forward to support and coverage. Choose from eight various colors. Designed to stay put while running and training, this adjustable visor is it. Enjoy a stretchy elastic back, an interior sweatband and abrasion-resistant fabric. Choose from black and white. This lined, lightweight skirt isn’t just ideal for tennis, but it’s also great for the trails. Enjoy cool material, connected shorts, a high waist and a V-shaped frame. The tiktok famous Define Jacket, also known as the viral BBL jacket, is worth the hype. With a slim, hip length fit and coming in an array of various colors, you’ll reach for this style time and time and again. No one likes their water bottle to burst open and spill all over the place. That’s why we are head over heels for this lululemon leak-proof bottle. No matter what, your drink will stay safely put inside. Choose from seven various colors. With high support and quick-drying material, this sports bra does more than just look good on you. Choose from four different colors. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.