As May approaches, one thing is perfectly clear: graduation is right around the corner. To celebrate the much-deserved milestone, a snazzy new piece of tech is practical, modern and universally loved. That leads us to one question: what are the best tech gifts of 2022? What about tech gifts for men? And women? What’s even cool these days? We outlined everything you need to know below and included our top tech gifts for tech lovers. From Amazon best-sellers to the best of the best as far as earbuds and speakers go, there’s sure to be an item (or two, or three) that piques your interest. Navigate directly to a shopping preference by selecting an option below: Designed to pick up and go, the New Portal Go features a 10″ screen, rechargeable battery and Smart Camera that allows you to seamlessly video chat anywhere in your home. With the Smart Camera, the New Portal Go will automatically pan and zoom as people enter and exit the frame. Also, utilize your voice to manage everyday tasks with the help of Alexa. If you need something a bit more advanced for your video call needs, then the New Portal+ is ideal for you. With a tilting 14” HD display, Smart Camera and hi-fidelity audio, the New Portal+ is perfect for focusing on the task in front of you. The New Portal+ also includes the Smart Camera and Alexa features. Available in 12 colors, this JBL FLIP 5 is the perfect gift. With epic sound quality, wireless Bluetooth streaming and waterproof capabilities, it’s a must-buy. The highly anticipated New Apple Air Pods Pros are here, and their active noise cancellation, transparency mode, adaptive EQ and more make them the all the rage. Further features include force sensory and water and sweat resistance. With the plethora of online calls we’ve all become accustomed to, a ring light is perfect. Illuminate your space and face with three various lighting modes and five various brightness levels. The new Apple Series 7 iWatch is a great gift for the techy in your life who is always tring to make their health a priority. It can track fitness, sleep, blood oxygen and so much more. Give the gift of protection with this 1080p dash cam. The dash cam comes fully loaded with night vision, loop recording and a compact design. Easily install the camera and be prepared for the wild road. With powerful volume and immersive sound, this Bluetooth stereo will become a household staple. Enjoy six various color-changing lights and a sleep timer. If your loved one is also recommending the best streaming shows, then this is the gift for them. Apple’s TV 4K allows for crisp visuals and immersive sound from Dolby Atmos. Users also have access to great apps like Apple TV+, Disney+, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and more. The Nintendo Switch Lite Console isn’t just for kids. With its built-in control pad, sleek design and compatibility with popular games, it’s made the top of the list for just about everyone. It’s perfect for travel and ideal for personal, handheld play. A versatile camera that can be placed almost anywhere is here. The Ring indoor and outdoor wire-free 1080p security camera sends notifications to phones and tablets when motion is detected. It also allows the user to see, hear and speak to the person being caught on tape. It’s a gift that will undoubtedly be used. This four-pack of tiles can help locate your items instantly. If you are nearby your device or within Bluetooth range, simply use the Tile app to ping your phone, keys or laptop. If you find yourself far away from your device, use the Tile app to view your Tile’s most recent location. Other features include pinging your phone even when on silent, and notifying you once items are found. Does your giftee seem to have just about every tech item under the sun? If so, they’ll totally love these nifty Bose audio sunglasses that let them listen to their favorite tunes while they’re enjoying the outdoors. Perfect for everyday use, the Amazon Smart Plug work with Alexa to add voice control to all outlets. Users can schedule lights, fans, and more while they’re away while saving on energy. It’s easy to set up and simple to use. If this past year taught us anything, it’s that germs are no joke. With this smartphone sanitizer, your phone’s germs will be killed in just five minutes. You can choose between both automatic and manual modes and rest assured. If your tech lover is all about their household, then this cordless vacuum will steal the show on Christmas day. With three power modes, a long run time, an advanced design and better cleaning results, it’s a must-buy. For an option that will clean their home without any effort at all, consider buying them an iRobot Roomba. Best Buy is currently slashing $95 off the original price of the 675 generations. Everyone has that one person in their life who can’t seem to keep their phone charged. If that person ironically happens to be techy in your life, then this Brand Q portable charger will be a lifesaver. It can charge iPhones, MacBooks, Android phones (and all at once!) and can be juiced up by an outlet. No matter how old the person you’re shopping for is, if they’re a bookworm, then they’ll totally love the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite. It was designed with an anti-glare screen that reads like real paper (even in direct sunlight), a battery life that lasts weeks and up to 8GB or 32GB of storage to hold thousands of titles—all in one place. Unlike anything he has ever seen before, this headset will make his games a reality with the use of next-generation graphics. Trust us when we say the Oculus Quest 2 will be the Christmas gift of his dreams. Help him make his morning commute on time with this LED digital alarm clock. A sleek design makes it perfect for stylish room decor while the display easily shows the time, temperature and humidity percentage. Get him something he will actually use this holiday season. With the wood phone docking station, he can organize all of his gadgets in one place—and give you your counter space back. If he loves the outdoors and is always found building a fire, grilling the night away or hiking through the woods, then this beanie is for him. Not only will it keep him warm, but it will also provide a helpful light to illuminate his path. A fun way to get active comes in the form of the Stealth Core Trainer. Simply play games on your smartphone by using your abs. He’ll have so much fun he may even forget he’s working out! It’s a win-win. The new GoPro Hero9 is a dream for sports enthusiasts or filmmakers. It includes a touch-screen, 5K resolution, extra smooth stability and more to create epic videos and photos that are sure to last a lifetime. The best part? It’s currently on sale for $100 less than normal. The Fitbit Versa3 is a great way to track your fitness habits. You can see your real-time pace and distance when doing cardio (with built-in GPS), monitor your heart rate, see your blood oxygen levels and so much more. These night vision-capable binoculars from ShaperImage are not your typical pair! They let you observe, shoot photos and record videos in total darkness. They’re ideal for emergency use, spotting wildlife, surveillance and home security, day or night. Does he consider himself to be a “Grilling Master?” If the answer is yes, you definitely need to buy him this Inkbird wireless grilling thermometer that can be controlled through his smartphone. Whether he always has sore muscles from working out or just enjoys getting massages on the regular, this Theragun Prime device is a great gift. It’s a muscle treatment device that allows him to stay relaxed no matter what. L’ange has created a groundbreaking hair tool that allows users to creates a variety of looks. Meet the 360° Airflow Styler. It’s lightweight, has an ergonomic style and uses tiny air vents to instantly cool and lock in your style. She’ll be just as obsessed with it as I am—and that’s saying a lot. Great for adding additional light to her vanity setup or for on-the-go travel, this lighted mirror is great for any beauty lover. And get this, she can even listen to her favorite music through a Bluetooth feature. Girl, put your records on, tell me your favorite song. Corinne Bailey Rae may have said that first, but that’s what you’ll be asking your girl to do after you surprise her with the best gift ever. This handset by RoseSkinCo is tiny but mighty. From personal experience, I can share that it truly works. It minimizes hair growth with each use, is a painless process and is beyond easy to use. Trust me when I say this is a must-buy for your girl. Whether she’s running around with the kids or swamped with zoom calls, sometimes it’s not always realistic to enjoy a cup of warm tea or coffee at the top of the morning. The Ember temperature control smart mug will maintain your desired drinking temperature for up to 1.5 hours or all day when paired with the included charging coaster. The new Ember mug is available in five colors and can hold up to 14 ounces of liquid. If she loves skincare almost as much as she loves tech gadgets, this is the perfect gift for her. The Ultrasonic Facial Cleansing Brush cleanses, massages and rejuvenates with 10,000 ultrasonic pulsations per minute and circulating magnetic beads. Calling all home chefs! This fancy Breville Joule Sous Vide that’s made out of stainless steel will bring any piece of meat to the next level. It has over 2,000 reviews on Amazon and an impressive 4.6-star rating. Air fryers are great for foodies since you can easily make any oven recipe in half the time. This Cosori option is an Amazon No. 1 Bestseller with over 33,500 positive reviews. Incorporating a facial steamer into your skincare routine is the latest and greatest discovery. But this face steamer from Pure Daily Care doesn’t only provide great steams. It also triples as a towel warmer and humidifier. Made for Airpods, iPhones and Apple Watches, this ultra-organized electronics stand will minimize clutter and maximize space. This easy-to-use and versatile iPad mini will allow your teen to do their homework, play games, watch movies, create and more. Choose from space grey or silver. Whether he is studying, relaxing or going for a run, these wireless headphones are a perfect addition to his favorite products. Choose from six different color options. A larger deluxe version of the original Mario Kart racing wheel will create an authentic racing experience unlike any other. So bring his games to life. This drone is everything and more. With an intelligent flight system, 720HD shooting capabilities, real-time flight views and so much more, your boy will be all-consumed. Bring the twinkly night sky right to your teen’s bedroom with this fun (and totally realistic) star projector. This would be perfect for movie and game nights. Although we’re all so used to taking digital photos, sometimes it’s nice to have a hard copy. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 11 Instant Camera is a cute and fun gift for any teenager in your life. This TopVision mini projector is bound to bring movie nights to the next level! They can watch movies on Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Hulu and so much more by simply connecting the device to their smartphone, laptop, Amazon Fire TV Stick, Roku or other streaming devices. Although we listed the Nintendo Switch Ring Fit Adventure in the kids’ section, it can totally be used by all ages as a fun and interactive way to break a sweat in your home. By using the ring and leg strap, you can measure your real-world actions and help turn them into in-game movements. Defeat a bodybuilding dragon, traverse grass-swept plains by jogging in place, attack enemies with overhead shoulder presses and refill your health meter by striking some yoga poses. A new innovative way to game is here. Simply snap a phone into the Backbone One and begin to play. There’s no charging, updating or setup required. What could be better? Being a kid has never been so fun. Give the gift of play with these rechargeable laser tag guns. With four guns, four vests and one charging station, kids can transform any area into the perfect battle zone. Do you have a curious one on your hands? If so, then this kid’s metal detector will be a hit on Christmas day. They will be able to search for buried treasure up to six feet deep. How neat is that? This magically controlled drone works without the use of a remote, and when one’s hand goes near it, it will fly in the opposite direction. Talk about an original and memorable gift. My four-year-old cousin has one of these, and she is obsessed. I have no doubt your little one will be, too. And with a no-mess drawing board, you’ll love it just as much. Get your teen’s STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering and Math) skills flowing with this fun robot kit. It’s fairly easy to build within 15 minutes and can be controlled by remote or smartphones through the Makeblock App. If your little one can’t seem to watch anything else but Disney’s “Frozen” and “Frozen 2,” then you should totally consider gifting them this adorable smartwatch that features Queen Elsa and Anna. This Pillow Pad case is a great gift option for any children who use an iPad on the regular. It not only protects the device but is also super comfy for them to cuddle up with while they watch their favorite shows and movies. If you don’t want to invest a ton of money into an Apple tablet, consider the Amazon Fire 7″ Tablet for your little ones. Enjoy kid programming, audiobooks, music and so much more—all for a discounted price of just $59.99. Make brushing their teeth fun with Oral-B’s Spider-Man electric toothbrush. The pack includes a rechargeable handle, one charger, one brush head and four fun stickers. Both kids and parents alike will love this one. These nifty light-up tiles are a fun way to spruce up any child’s bedroom! They can create their own smart lighting masterpiece with these tiles that react to touch, dance to any music and can change colors all through an app. When we say kids will love the Toniebox Starter Set, we mean it. Not only does it help minimize screen time, but it’s also great for listening to bedtime stories, playing music and learning. The easy-to-use design is also ideal for younger children and allows them to play independently. Choose from six fun colors. If you’re looking for a tech toy that teaches children how to emotionally develop, then you’re in luck. The Purrble aids children in finding their calm. This occurs when kids comfort their new furry friend when they feel his heartbeat begin to race. By consoling their Purrble, they in turn become more relaxed. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.