Aw, nuts! Pharmacy staff couldn’t keep it together after an OnlyFans star needed treatment for an extreme allergic reaction to peanuts that was induced by her partner’s ejaculation, the Daily Mail reported. The adult video heartthrob, known as Australia’s sultry dressing (and peanut-allergic) Lucy Banks, spoke out on the rare phenomenon that caused her intimacy to become ire and left her desperately “waddling” into that drug store for help. “I had never heard of food allergens transmitting and negatively affecting partners through ejaculation before,” Banks told the Mail, mentioning her stud of the hour had eaten peanuts earlier in the day and inadvertently  “transferred” them to her during sexy time. Despite the severity of Banks’ phallic-caused anaphylaxis, the pharmaceutical staff was in hysterics upon the improbable diagnosis of her anguish, she said. “[The pharmacy worker] called over a few colleagues and tried to ask for their opinions and help, but she couldn’t stop laughing,” Banks said. Banks, who makes $60,000 monthly according to the Mail, is now preaching a PSA to warn others about the dangers of sexually transmitted food allergies — especially from a peanut-loaded penis. “If you have severe anaphylactic reactions to certain foods, then I would take special precautions with your partner to make sure they haven’t eaten anything that could trigger a negative, and possibly serious, response,” Banks said, adding that “those with minor or moderate allergies most likely won’t notice anything.” She also posted her warning to TikTok, which was taken down by the platform after getting more than 4 million views, according to the Mail. Similar to Banks’ big bust, the department of immunology at St. Helier Hospital in Surrey, England, had studied the effects of allergies caused by sex in a published journal entry in 2007. They profiled a woman who came to an intense allergic reaction from a handful of Brazil nuts that were eaten by her partner before the two got busy. Despite that the man “had bathed, brushed his teeth and cleaned his nails immediately before intercourse,” it still wasn’t enough to prevent a reaction. Similar to the apparent attack Banks suffered, this woman had “significant itching and swelling of her vagina and vulva and felt faint even when sitting.”