Rep. Henry Cuellar, a Texas border Democrat, says President Biden is hurting their party by ending the Trump-era health policy known as Title 42 that allows for the instant deportation of illegal immigrants due to the pandemic. “This is not good for Democrats in November. You know, in talking with some of my Republican colleagues, they’re saying ‘We can’t believe the White House is giving us this narrative. We can’t believe that they’re hurting Democrat candidates for the November election,’” the congressman told Fox News Digital on Thursday. “And you know this, you look at the polls. The Republican voters are not happy by what’s happening at the border. The Democratic voters are not happy. And if you look at the independent voters, they’re not happy about this decision. So who are we trying to please?” Throughout the Biden administration, Cuellar has never shied away from criticizing the president’s immigration policies – something many Democrats have avoided doing, until now. “In the past, I was the lonely voice on this. But no we’ve got Democratic senators, Democratic members of Congress from other parts of the country that are not long looking at the P for policy, but they’re also looking at the P for politics.” Most notably, Sens. Mark Kelly of Arizona, Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire, Chris Coons of Delaware and Gary Peters of Michigan have come out asking the administration to reconsider rescinding Title 42. “In the region where I’m from, we’re seeing infections rise. I think Philadelphia, for example, just returned to a mask mandate​,” Coons said Sunday on CBS News’ “Face the Nation, pointing to the recent spread of the BA.2 subvariant of the coronavirus. “​So my hope is that that will be reconsidered appropriately. I know that there are both Republicans and Democrats calling for a reconsideration and the administration just announced a plan for how to deal with a possible surge in crossings at the border​.” “Unless we have a well-thought-out plan, I think it is something that should be revisited and perhaps delayed,” Peters said earlier this week. “I’m going to defer judgment on that until I give the administration the opportunity to fully articulate what that plan is.” At the beginning of April, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced it would be lifting Title 42 – which required border patrol officials to immediately expel migrants at the southern border without hearing asylum claims – on May 23. At the time of the announcement, the agency cited an increased availability of tools to fight the coronavirus, such as vaccines and other treatments as its reasoning for scrapping the policy. However, since then, the administration has pushed to keep other health measures in place – such as mask mandates on public transportation – leading many lawmakers to accuse Biden’s team of hypocrisy. Many state and local leaders fear that border crossings along the southern border will massively spike once Title 42 is lifted – with some reports estimating up to 170,000 this spring. “Once the Title 42 is taken away, it provides an incentive to the criminal organizations to say, ‘Hey, now we can promote this, we can market this saying that the border is open,’” Cuellar said. “And they make a lot of money.” “Seniors to landowners to public officials — both at the city and the county — are saying, ‘Look, we want to treat the migrants with respect and dignity, but you just can’t have them just rush in large amounts,'” he continued. “They are processed, they’re released or taken over to bus stations or other places, airports. … So you know who carries the burden of taking care of those folks? It’s going to be the local communities, the local not-for-profits.” Amid the criticism, the administration has insisted there will be a number of resources taking effect ahead of the lifting of the order to deal with the expected surge of migrants. “As we’ve been talking about, DHS [Department of Homeland Security] has a plane,” White House Deputy Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Thursday, saying the agency is “implementing a comprehensive strategy.” “This strategy includes acquiring and deploying resources to address increased volumes,” she added, noting it involves, “moving officers, agents, DHS volunteer force personnel to rapidly decompress points along the border and more efficiently process migrants.”