With the NBA playoffs tipping off Tuesday night, Action Network analyst Munaf Manji is here to share his two best player prop bets (video above). For the evening’s first contest – the Brooklyn Nets vs. the Cleveland Cavaliers – Manji is looking to center Andre Drummond and his rebounding total ‘over’ 11.5. For Manji, his confidence stems from Drummond’s historical record against the Cavaliers combined with his recent form at dominating the glass. “In a prior game this season against the Cavaliers, Drummond had 12 rebounds in just 24 minutes of play,” Manji says. “Over the last six games against the Cavs, Drummond has gone over this projection in five.” Furthermore, the Cavs have struggled of late to limit rebounding opportunities for opposing centers. Over the last seven days, Cleveland has allowed opposing big men to grab an average of 17.2 rebounds per game. For those reasons, Manji expects another strong performance from the University of Connecticut product, who has cleared this mark in two of his last three games. The line is currently set at -110 for Drummond to go over his rebound total on PointsBet Sportsbook. For his second prop bet, Manji is backing another rebounding prop: Ivica Zubac over 7.5 rebounds for the Los Angeles Clippers versus the Minnesota Timberwolves. Manji explains that, much like Drummond, Zubac has a very good rebounding record against the T’Wolves in past meetings and should be trusted tonight. “In three games this season against the Timberwolves, Zubac is averaging close to 11 rebounds per contest,” Manji says. Included in that trio of contests are two games this season where Zubac has grabbed double-digit rebounds. Plus, the Croatian big man ended the season by grabbing at least 10 rebounds in four straight contests.  Lastly, the Timberwolves are surrendering north of 20 rebounds per game to opposing centers over the last two weeks. As a result, Manji expects another strong performance from Zubac in a game that he believes will feature few second-chance opportunities. BetMGM has the ‘over; 7.5 rebounds set at -155. However, PointsBet has 8.5 rebounds set at +135 if you want something a little juicier.