Bruce Brown provided bulletin-board material for the Celtics and Kevin Durant tried to erase it. Shortly after the Nets punched their ticket into the main draw of the playoffs, Brown took somewhat of a shot at the higher seed, saying the absence of Boston big man Robert Williams (torn meniscus) would make it easier for the seventh seed. “Now they don’t have Robert Williams, so they have less of a presence in the paint,” Brown said after the Nets’ 115-108 win over the eighth-seeded Cavaliers in the play-in tournament. “We can attack Al Horford and [Daniel] Theis. Them not having Robert Williams is huge.” Durant didn’t like his teammate giving their opponent any extra ammunition. Durant walked into the media room after pouring in 25 points along with 11 assists and asked reporters what Brown said. “That’s caffeine pride talking,” Durant said when told of Brown’s comments. “They got two dudes that can do the same stuff. It ain’t gonna be that easy, I’ll tell you that.” Later, Durant added: “We respect our opponent. We don’t have to talk about what we’re going to do to them. I just don’t like that. But that’s just how Bruce is. He comes in and he keeps the same energy throughout the season. But we don’t need to say s–t like that. Let’s just go out there and hoop.” One thing Brown and Durant did agree on was how important it will be to slow down Jayson Tatum. The Celtics’ star wing averaged a shade under 27 points per game this year, and posted career-bests of 8.0 rebounds, 4.4 assists and 6.2 free throws. He obliterated the Nets for 54 points in a home victory on March 6. “S–t, that’s a tough question,” Durant said, after he was asked how the Nets can limit Tatum. “He’s one of those players where you’ve just gotta play hard and see what happens. He’s just so talented, skilled and efficient with what he does. You’ve got to just play hard and I expect us to.” Brown, a Boston native, is looking forward to the best-of-seven series. He was wearing a Boston shirt in his postgame press conference in honor of Terrence Clarke, the NBA hopeful from Boston who died last April while preparing for the NBA draft in Los Angeles. “Definitely looking forward to it,” Brown said. “I love Boston. I love being there. My family, my dad, will be there. I can’t wait.” When Kyrie Irving crossed paths with Brown in the press-conference room and saw the shirt, he shook his head. “It’s for T. Clarke,” explained Brown, who had 18 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. “It’s for T. Clarke? My bad,” Irving responded. “OK, OK, my fault.” Irving wasn’t the only Nets player who had to apologize Tuesday night it appears.