While many may have not grown up with technology, electronics are an ingrained part of children’s lives today — and they will be forever. Contrary to popular belief, this isn’t bad news. Sure, technology can be overused and become overly relied upon, but it can also deliver knowledge, connection and exploration. That’s why we headed to Amazon to discover the best tech devices for kids. The below finds provided fun for the kids while also delivering modes of advancement. Therefore, the parents are guaranteed to love each pick just as much as their kiddos do. Keep reading to discover the 10 best tech devices for kids such as Kindles, Echo Dots, Fire tablets and more. Available in four various cover options, this kids’ Kindle was created for reading and advancing your child’s knowledge. Features include a black and white glare-free display, weeks of battery life, a two-year warranty and Audible pairing. Your child can also access one year of Amazon Kids+ and the complete Harry Potter series for free. Set educational goals, create time limits and filter content with the Fire 7 Kids Tablet. Best of all, many of the games available make learning fun and teach children the joys of learning. If you feel comfortable, you can also download other top apps such as Netflix, Minecraft and more. To find the perfect color for your kiddo, choose from pink, blue and purple. Sometimes kids want to be just like you — including your step counting. So help them live out their dream with this smart watch made for children. Available in pink, blue and black, your child can take selfies, record audio and play music. Best of all, your kiddo can make and receive calls if you so choose. Other features include a time and date display, an alarm clock, a calculator and more. Choose from six various colors, and sooner than later, your child will be invested in screen-free listening. The Toniebox gives access to bedtime stories, music and education galore while offering an easy-to-use design for easy operation. Allow your child to step into a whole other world with the Oculus Quest 2. Your kiddo can explore immersive realms, live shows, new films and more from the comfort of their own home. Best of all, this virtual reality headset leads way to impeccable  imagination, creativity and fun. Available in five various colors, your child will be obsessed with this gaming console. Look forward to a handheld device, a bright color scheme and endless game options. This portable smart video screen isn’t just great for kids, but the whole family. It’s easy to carry, features Alexa and allows you and your child to move freely within the frame. Best of all, you and your child can call anyone, anywhere, meaning the other person doesn’t need a Portal to chat. We also can’t forget to mention the plethora of fun, interactive stories and video offerings available just for kids. This smart speaker for kids helps them learn and grow, as they can ask Alexa questions, set alarms and even get help with their homework. With the purchase of the Kids’ Echo Dot, you can also gain access to thousands of hours of kid-friendly Audible books, interactive games, and educational skills — all for free. Choose from an adorable panda and powerful tiger. Maybe your child will finally stop grabbing your phone — or maybe not. Either way, this interactive toy cell phone is a great option for your kids. The toy phone provides kiddos with hit children’s songs, adjustable volumne, interactive buttons and more. With this easy-to-use camera, your child can record, snap photos and decorate their media with frames and virtual stickers. Best of all, this camera is shockproof, which provides anti-fall protection. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.