 lululemon is always a good idea. After all, they recently launched a women-first shoe, have given us the popular Everywhere Belt Bag and continue to bless us with their “We Made Too Much” sale section. Most notably, the viral lululemon Define Jacket has racked up over 2.8 billion views on TikTok, per reviewers who dubbed it the Brazilian Butt Lift (BBL) jacket. With a name like that, I had to put it to the test. lululemon offers five various Define Jacket styles ranging from $59 to $128: Define Jacket Luon, Nulu Cropped Define Jacket, Hooded Define Jacket Nulu, Define Jacket Luxtreme Jacquard and the Define Jacket Velour. Colors and designs range from black, pink, blue, prints and more while sizes range from 0 to 20. But note that this jacket runs on the smaller size, as it’s made to slim and cinch. Therefore, if you’re looking to layer it over a top versus just a sports bra, I recommend sizing up. When shopping for your ideal lululemon Define Jacket, also keep in mind that each one is created for on-the-move comfort, so it’s sweat-wicking and provides four-way stretch so you can exercise freely. I opted for the Delicate Mint colored Nulu Hooded Define Jacket ($89, originally $128), as it’s one of the brand’s best selling styles. I also went with my typical size 2, as I wanted all the cinching benefits I could get. On first wear, I loved the buttery-soft fabric that’s cool to the touch and lightweight. I also noticed mesh back paneling on the back to allow for air flow, which was definitely a plus. And, to my delight, the jacket surprised me with fun zippered pockets, thumbholes and a lululemon logo zipper. It was indeed snug, which wasn’t a surprise as I knew what I was getting into by not sizing up. Although it was a bit tighter, I didn’t mind it, as it created instant curves. I also noticed the color was more vibrant than what was shown on the lululemon website. I paired the jacket with my align lululemon leggings and decided to wear the jacket around town to get the full effect. After eight hours in the lululemon Define Jacket, I can confidently say it’s well worth your bucks. It provided the right amount of warmth without being too hot, is a practical day-to-day fashion choice and did indeed provided that hourglass figure (or BBL effect, if you will). My only drawback is that these jackets are selling out like hot cakes, especially popular colors like Delicate Mint. So if you want to get your hands on one, you better head snag one from the lululemon site ASAP. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.