Miss you much? Iconic singer and songwriter Janet Jackson is looking to part ways with her Central Park-facing New York City home for $8.99 million, according to a report and the listing brokerage. Jackson, the younger sister of the late pop titan Michael Jackson, has owned the aerie at 1 Central Park West since 1998, when she purchased it for $2.8 million, according to the Wall Street Journal. It measures 2,094 square feet — and comes with three bedrooms, three full bathrooms and a half bathroom. Representatives for Jackson didn’t return The Post’s request for comment on her listing, but a spokesperson told the Journal that she hasn’t been at the apartment since 2019. “Whenever entering my apartment of 25 years, I always treasured my home’s wonderful location and the breathtaking views that capture the magic and excitement of New York,” Jackson told the Journal in a statement. “Stepping through its threshold instantly made me feel so tranquil and at peace — so many memories.” That said, the home looks out to wide views of Central Park and the city skyline, with listing images showing a corner living and dining area that hovers above the park’s treetops. A dining counter in the kitchen also overlooks the full expanse of Central Park, but the home also shows the 57th Street row of luxury super-tall Billionaires’ Row buildings. The building is the condominium attached to the Trump International Hotel, located at Columbus Circle and Central Park’s southwest corner — and the unit delivers access to hotel amenities, such as room service from the Jean-Georges Vongerichten restaurant on-site. As for the home itself, an entry gallery leads to that open living and dining area. Elsewhere, the master bedroom stands at the end of the entry gallery — and has multiple closets and a marbled bathroom. The second and third bedrooms also have their own ensuite bathrooms. Meanwhile, the apartment’s library has a wall of custom millwork — and throughout the unit, there are floor-to-ceiling windows and 10-foot-high ceilings. Despite the perks, it’s time for Jackson to move on. She’s listing the pad because, “It’s time for someone else to enjoy it and make new memories,” Allison Koffman of Sotheby’s International Realty — who shares the listing with Juliette Janssens — told the Journal.