A New Jersey Olympian charged with shooting a former equestrian trainee in the chest has been found not guilty by reason of insanity, a jury ruled on Thursday. Michael Barisone, a former Olympic equestrian and coach, was facing an attempted murder charge over the shooting of award-winning equestrian Lauren Kanarek, 38, at his sprawling Morris County farm in Aug. 2019. Barisone, a member of the 2008 Beijing Summer Games squad, allegedly blasted Kanarek twice in the chest at point blank range at the ritzy, 53-acre dressage facility. The 67-year-old was also found not guilty on a second attempted murder charge for allegedly firing at Kanarek’s fiancé, Robert Goodwin. The bullet missed Goodwin. Barisone broke into tears when the verdict was delivered after over 17 hours of jury deliberation, NJ.com reported. He had faced up to 60 years in prison if convicted on all charges against him. Ed Bilinkas, Barisone’s lawyer, had argued that Kanarek had waged a psychological war on his client that caused him to eventually snap and shoot Kanarek, NJ.com reported. Before the shooting, police had responded to the property multiple times. Barisone had called 911 on the couple claiming that Kanarek and Goodwin were living at his dressage facility without a lease and without paying rent. Tensions reportedly peaked after Kanarek accused Barisone of child abuse. Kanarek had posted on social media on numerous occasions that she had feared for her safety, alluding to Barisone but never naming him. During the trial, she testified that Barisone frequently bullied her, and argued that her numerous posts on Facebook were not meant to be threatening. A doctor who examined Barisone for the defense said he became paranoid about Kanarek listening to his private conversations, amplified by her posts. He stopped sleeping in the same building as them where he had his own apartment, and began sleeping in his office. In the days before the shooting, he began sleeping outside after a health official told him it was unsafe to sleep in the office. Barisone and Kanarek began working together in 2018, but the relationship quickly deteriorated. Witnesses from both sides testified that she could be difficult to work with, NJ.com reported. A not guilty by reason of insanity disposition hearing, which will be closed to the public, is scheduled before Judge Stephen Taylor on May 17. He will be committed to a civil psychiatric facility in the meantime, the judge ruled, according to NJ.com. Barisone, 67, was additionally found not guilty of aggravated assault and weapons charges against Goodwin, and not guilty by reason of insanity for a weapon charge against Kanarek after the 15-day trial. Following a 30-day evaluation, doctors will determine whether he will be held in psychiatric hospitals or released into the community if deemed safe. “While disappointed with the outcome, in keeping with our commitment to the integrity of the criminal justice system, the verdict must be respected,” Morris County Prosecutor Robert J. Carroll said in a statement, obtained by The Post. “I acknowledge the case has elicited strong opinions when it comes to how the public views the defendant and victims in this matter, and I ask that the public respect the jury members and their decision.”