A Mike Tyson-Jake Paul fight could be in the works. In a special 4/20 episode of his “Hotboxin'” podcast, Tyson told UFC commentator Joe Rogan that he would fight Paul for one reason. “Hell yeah [I’d do it], only to break the record,” Tyson said about surpassing Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao’s 2015 bout that sold a record 4.6 million pay-per-views to become the most profitable fight in boxing history. “Let’s do it Jakey, God wouldn’t that be cool?” Tyson added, “Jake Paul believe it not is more profitable than the champs, this guy probably brings about 80 million people to the table.” The former heavyweight champion recalled partying with Paul in St. Barts recently, and said “it’s all love” between the two. “I worry about him getting in trouble before the fight happened,” Tyson said about a potential fight with the YouTuber-turned-pro boxer. “I’d tell him, ‘Hey man, you’re going to go for jail for real, chill out.’ This dude’s crazy, he would be throwing stuff at people, bottles and stuff.” Rumors of a Tyson-Paul fight have been swirling for months, but Iron Mike has maintained that he’s unaware of the buzz. “Nobody told me that,” he said on his podcast last month when guest co-host Paul Pierce noted, “Mike is supposed to fight Jake Paul.” At the time, Tyson said Paul “ain’t got no f–king money. So where’s the f–king contract?” In January, multiple reports claimed that Tyson had agreed to a bout with Paul, but nothing ever materialized. The Sun reported at the time that both sides were in “advanced talks” about headlining a big money pay-per-view. That same month, Tyson said he had no interest in fighting Paul, or anyone else for that matter. His most recent fight was against Roy Jones Jr. in an exhibition bout in Los Angeles in November 2020. Paul, who is 5-0 with four knockouts in his pro fighting career, last fought in December when he beat Tyron Woodley in a sixth-round stoppage — marking his second consecutive win against the former UFC champion. Paul is currently training for an August fight, for which he has yet to announce an opponent. “It’s going to be the craziest knockout” of his career, he told The Post earlier this month. Paul is scheduled to be in New York to promote his MVP female fighter Amanda Serrano, who will fight Katie Taylor April 30 at Madison Square Garden. Tyson, meanwhile, was caught on video last week punching a passenger on a plane who was allegedly harassing him.