It is a new Giants front office and new Giants coaching staff, inheriting many of the same, tired Giants problems. There was not much money to make any marquee signings in free agency, and now a strong draft is necessary to fortify several deficiencies on the rosters. With nine picks, there is much work to be done. Here is our Giants Mock Draft 1.0, the first of four prognostications leading up to April 28, when the three-day party gets started. Three of the nine players come from the same school — there’s a reason why national championships are won. We used the Pro Football Focus mock draft simulator to help us out, and here is what we came up with for the Giants’ 2022 draft: In this simulation, offensive tackle Evan Neal is off the board but DE Kayvon Thibodeaux is sitting there. The selection is an easy one for the Giants, who are in desperate need of a starting right tackle. Ekwonu is a smart, personable and engaging guy who turns into a killer on the field. Physical is the word. Ekwonu needs to refine his hands in pass blocking, but he should be a road grader in the run game, and watch him get his 310 pounds out in front on screen passes. Some scouts think he would be even more dominant at guard. The Giants will put him outside to pair with Andrew Thomas at left tackle and hope they have their tackles solved for the next decade. Safety Kyle Hamilton is available and Thibodeaux is still there, making for a fascinating decision. The Giants go with substance over style, preferring Walker’s immense physical traits to Thibodeaux’s gaudy potential. It’s a bold choice. Walker at the combine ran the fastest 40-yard dash (4.51) of any player weighing more than 270 pounds, and this 6-foot-5, 272-pounder is well-suited for lining up at end in a 3-4 defensive front. He is a brute but not a natural pass-rusher (9.5 career sacks in 29 games) by any stretch of the imagination. This needs to be developed. The Giants believe this can be developed as they hand new defensive coordinator Wink Martindale a building block. Cue the “we didn’t think he would be on the board” lines after this selection. There is nothing not to like about Linderbaum, other than his lack of size. Yes, 6-foot-2 and 296 pounds is considered small by NFL standards, and some teams will not approve of this in their offensive scheme. Otherwise, Linderbaum has all the goods. His experience as a wrestler shows through as he tangles with defenders on every play. He’s a master technician and a natural leader as the anchor in the middle of the line. With Ekwonu and Linderbaum joining Thomas, the Giants finally are cooking up front. This guy is considered a dream to coach. He excelled in Baylor’s defense at the “Star” position, and brings instincts and aggressiveness to the back end. Pitre had 18.5 tackles for loss in 2021. He does not possess top-end speed, though. Pitre can work in with rising star Xavier McKinney and steady Julian Love and offsets the release of veteran Logan Ryan. Chenal is built like a wall of bricks at 6-foot-3 and 250 pounds and can make splash plays — he had 18.5 tackles for loss and eight sacks this past season for the Badgers, the nation’s top-rated defense. He’s an ideal fit as an inside ’backer in a 3-4 front. Will make punishing tackles stopping the run and is tough to move out of his spot. Insurance for Blake Martinez, coming off knee surgery, and eventually, perhaps, his replacement. Otton is the son and grandson of renowned high school coaches in the state of Washington. He has a knack for getting open. His 2021 season was not overly productive (28 catches, 250 yards, one TD) but he missed four games (COVID-19 and left foot injury). With Evan Engram and Kyle Rudolph both gone and the only addition the signing of Ricky Seals-Jones, there is a need at this position. The younger brother of Vikings Pro Bowl running back Dalvin Cook has some similar traits, as far as game-breaking ability, but James is not nearly as strong and does not project as an every-down back in the NFL. He is most effective on toss plays (113 carries for 728 last season for the national champions) and out of the backfield (27 receptions for 284 yards). Saquon Barkley and Matt Breida are in the room, and Cook will have to compete for playing time. He’s a big, wide lineman who more than fills a hole at 321 pounds. Salyer played all five positions on the offensive line, offering versatility, although he might actually be best-suited for right tackle. Get him on the practice field and see what this new Giants coaching staff can do with him. Gray has prototype size (6-foot-2, 192 pounds) for a perimeter corner without great speed (4.54 in the 40). Did play plenty of press coverage as a two-year starter but not a ball hawk — no interceptions in college. Special teams value is important this late in the draft.