Two fraudsters who ripped off donors of a fundraising campaign that purportedly sought to collect money for a wall along the southern US border during Donald Trump’s presidency pleaded guilty Thursday for their roles in the scam. The swindlers, Brian Kolfage and Andrew Badolato, each copped to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud during a remote hearing before Judge Analisa Torres in Manhattan federal court. Kolfage also pleaded guilty making false statements on tax returns to hide from the IRS the hundred of thousands of dollars he siphoned off from the GoFundMe campaign, which was dubbed “We Build the Wall.” Former Trump White House chief strategist Steven Bannon was charged alongside Kolfage, Badolato and another suspect, Timothy Shea, but was pardoned by the former president in the last days of his administration. In brief remarks at the plea hearing, both Kolfage and Badolato told Torres they knowingly lied to donors, claiming they would not take any of the cash for personal gain, as the online campaign raked in millions of dollars. “I knew what I was doing was wrong and a crime,” Kolfage said after saying he falsely told donors he would not take a salary from the campaign. Badolato added they claimed they would not take money from the fund in order to “bolster the reputation and in turn generate more donations.” “I’m terribly, terribly sorry for what I did,” he said. Kolfage, an Iraq War-veteran and triple amputee, spent the cash to fund his lavish lifestyle in Florida, where he lives with his wife, Ashley, a self-described “brand influencer” and energy drink model. The fraudster blew through some $350,000 in donated funds on home renovations, boat payments, a luxury SUV, a golf cart, jewelry, cosmetic surgery and credit card debt, according to the indictment against him. Kolfage faces up to 46 years in prison when he’s sentenced in September, but as part of his plea deal, prosecutors have agreed to recommend a maximum of five years. Prosecutors will seek a maximum of four years for Badolato. Shea has pleaded not guilty in the case and is expected to go to trial next month in Manhattan federal court. In court papers filed last week, Shea said he intends to call Steve Bannon as a witness during trial. Trump pardoned Bannon a day before he left office in January 2020, blocking federal prosecution of him in the case.