New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York.  Caesars’ new customer offer couldn’t be claimed at a more perfect time, with a wild weekend of sports ahead of us. The NBA playoffs begin, MLB is in full swing and the soccer gods have blessed us with a monumental schedule. The first round will tip off Saturday afternoon, and we know our first matchup: the fourth-seeded Mavericks will host the fifth-seeded Jazz. Elsewhere its the Philadelphia 76ers taking on the Toronto Raptors, Warriors-Nuggets and the Grizzlies’ series against the West’s No. 7 seed will also get started on Saturday. The seventh-seeded Nets defeated the Cavaliers in the East and will now face the No. 2 Celtics in the first round. In the West, the Timberwolves topped the Clippers as they land the No. 7 seed and the chance to play the upstart Grizzlies in a best-of-seven series. Tottenham will look to continue their charge toward the Champions League with a home test against Brighton. The Seagulls are fresh off a 2-1 victory over Spurs’ rivals Arsenal, and travel to White Hart Lane brimming with confidence. The FA Cup semi-finals also take place this weekend, and boy oh boy they are tasty. There’s an all-London affair in one semifinal, as Chelsea takes on Crystal Palace. The other semi sees Manchester City face Liverpool, a week after the sides met at the Etihad Stadium in a 2-2 Premier League draw. The Yankees begin a new series against the Baltimore Orioles Friday night, with the Mets taking on the Diamondbacks. At the time of writing, the Mets lead the East with four wins, but as we all know, there’s plenty more baseball to go.  Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.