The NBA playoff seeds are set! Part one of a two-part series where we will be breaking down the first round of the NBA playoffs. There is plenty of injury unknown with these teams including players like Luka Doncic and Stephen Curry. With the Western Conference playoffs mostly set, it is time to make predictions for NBA series betting. As of the time of this writing, the battle for the eighth seed is not yet complete as the game takes place on Friday. Expect the Suns to advance, regardless of who they match up against. Moreover, each matchup has massive ramifications on the NBA playoff bracket. The next matchup in the bracket is located underneath each matchup preview, Lastly, you can find every team’s NBA championship odds here. Nothing to see here. The Suns have dominated the league this season and they are not looking at any formidable opponents in round one. They move on easily (4 or 5 games). NBA playoff bracket: They get the winner of the 4/5 matchup between the Mavericks and Jazz next. Odds provided by DraftKings Did the Timberwolves win the NBA finals? No? Well, you wouldn’t have known that if you saw their celebration on Tuesday. The Los Angeles Clippers totally blew it against the Timberwolves and Patrick Beverley finally got his tearful revenge versus his former team. Karl Anthony-Towns had an aberration in the play-in game, turning in some of the worst results of his career. However, that should improve substantially in more of a sample size. Still, look for the Memphis Grizzlies to roll here with one of the deepest teams in all of basketball, including shooters all over. Memphis in 5 or (maybe) 6. They would go on to face the winner of Warriors vs. Nuggets. Playoff series prediction: Grizzlies in 5 +300 (DraftKings) Odds provided by PointsBet With Steph Curry or without? That’s the major question as the Golden State Warriors face off against Nikola Jokic and not a whole lot else. As of this writing, Steph Curry’s availability will go down to the wire, according to the Warriors Coach Steve Kerr. The same cannot be said for the Nuggets’ starters, Michael Porter Jr. and Jamal Murray who are not expected to return during the playoffs. That leaves only Jokic and Aaron Gordon as legitimate starter caliber players to get Denver passed round one. Regardless, my expectation is that the Nuggets get shutdown against the Warriors with or without Curry. Expect ‘Chef Curry’ to miss games until the Warriors actually lose in this series. A date with Ja Morant and the Grizzlies looms for the winner of this competitive series. Playoff series prediction: Warriors in 6 +375 (PointsBet) Odds provided by BetMGM Surely filled with regret, the Dallas Mavericks decided to play their starters in a semi-meaningless regular-season game on the last day of the season. The results were awful as their All-NBA player, Luka Doncic was lost due to an injured calf. Once hopeful of winning the west, the Mavericks will really struggle to play without Doncic. It is unclear whether he will miss the entire series or just a few games of it but the injury did appear to be seriously hampering his mobility when he was walking off of the court (shown above). Notably, Injury Analyst Jeff Stotts said that the median amount of days out for this injury is 17 days with a minimum of 3. Would expect the range for his return would be there. The injury occurred on April 10th and Game 1 of the series is set for Saturday, April 16th. It is unclear whether he plays in any games this series but my best guess is a return and a Mavericks series win in 6 or 7 games. The Jazz appear to be broken right now. Without knowing Doncic’s health status is tough to make a prediction. I’ll still pick the Mavericks just based on their odds being so long and my belief in the Jazz being next to zero. Let the Mitchell to the Knicks rumors, begin. Whoever wins this series will be an underdog as they face off against the, defending west champs, the Phoenix Suns. Playoff series prediction: Mavericks win the series +240 (BetMGM)