This property seller is sweetening the pot with a flesh-and-blood amenity: “Wonderfully rehabbed ex-husband up for grabs.” Crystal Ball, 43, is trying to sell one of her Panama City Beach, Florida, properties, listing the home with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a patio, pool, hot tub — and a Richard. Ball and her ex-husband Richard Chaillou, 54, recently called it quits on their seven-year relationship. However, the two remain on good terms as they continue to co-parent sons and share several businesses together after parting romantic ways. The new divorcee from Birmingham, Alabama, earned her real estate license in 2019 and is currently listing two of her three beach town properties — one of which buyers could get a discount on if they take in her ex. The property at 3819 Quail St. is on the market for $699,000 — but that price tag could be reduced if Chaillou is allowed to stay. Don’t worry! He won’t be a total freeloader. A pictorial of beefcake images touting the property show Chaillou suggestively posing around the house with a stuffed white tiger, playfully showing off his flexed muscles and coyly leaning against a door frame with his pinky to his lips. One animalistic photo of the exterior features Ball’s “wonderfully rehabbed ex-husband” sprawled out on a cheetah-print blanket with his legs wide open. Beyond the hilarious photos, the listing claims that Chaillou will help cook, clean and manage repairs throughout as part of his role as a live-in handyman. “This dream man in the kitchen is a personal chef and server cooking up perfect meals on a new stove with updated countertops you can make memories on. Head covering is well worn, mostly balding, like the eagles soaring in the sky above S. Lagoon steps from your massive driveway,” the online listing notes. “XL ears will pick up creaks and make sure WD40 is applied to your new fixtures. Large Italian nose will sniff out any odors before you even think about taking the trash out your decorative front door.” Ball’s hype-job continued: “Superhuman strength will save your back years of hard work lifting your hot tub cover where you can fall in love listening to our two young boys splashing in the pool. Tenants new metal knees should outlast the new LVP flooring just expertly installed.” “I’m a huge fan of creative marketing tactics, and I felt this was a fitting way to announce my divorce, my name change and my new brokerage launch,” Ball told Newsweek. Meanwhile, the property listing has been removed several times with listing agents telling Ball it’s against the rules, but she claims that it is common practice in the state for homes to be sold with tenants included with investment properties. Overall, she has said the responses have been positive and humorous. “Taking the photos was hilarious, and I particularly like the appearance of the tiger in some of the shots,” she said. “Hopefully someone sees the funny side in it and takes both the house and Richard off my hands sooner rather than later!” 