The Sun stampedes through the zodiac sign of Taurus from April 20 until May 20. People born under this star sign tend to be sensual, hardworking and strong. They put everything they have into what they believe and their relationships. While some may consider them stubborn, this is not the full truth. Taureans possess the greatest stamina of all zodiac signs and are immensely perseverant. Nothing can stop them when they put their minds to something. In this regard, Tauruses are both the unstoppable force and the immovable object! Ruled by Venus, they are often drawn to beauty and bring harmony into the world. They tend to have strong creative abilities and are also very romantic. Taurus is a Fixed Earth sign and embodies the ripe abundance of Spring. Here is our list of famous Taurus celebrities! As the ultimate matriarch within the Royal Family, Queen Elizabeth exhibits her Taurus staying power! Keep honoring that legacy! Hitting pop culture like a tidal wave, Machine Gun Kelly is unafraid to display his fashionable side or discuss his penis. Iconic! Tauruses are known for their beauty, as they are ruled by Venus. Model Gigi Hadid owns her style and grace. Werk! Built like a bull, John Cena showcases his Taurus strength and perseverance in the ring and on screen! Keep that swole game on! One of America’s most beloved stars, Kelly Clarkson knows how to bring the laughs and the emotions on television. Keep shining, queen. Taurus stud Channing Tatum brings the sex and the charm to everything he does. Own it, divo! Fierce and fabulous, Lizzo showcases her Taurus confidence on stage and in her lyrics. Shake it up, love! Legendary actress and everyone’s favorite Catwoman, Michelle Pfeiffer exudes the irresistible calm and power of a Taurus. Meow! Real-life and on-screen wonder woman, Gal Gadot effortlessly harnesses her captivating magnetism. Strut! Hardworking and determined, Travis Scott was born on April 30. Onward! Tauruses are known for their physical strength, sensuality and sex appeal. David Beckham knows how to work the field or the red carpet. Global songstress, Adele’s stars shine brightly upon her now and in the years to come. Her birth chart and zodiac sign reveal so much of what lies ahead! Known for his commanding presence and dashing looks, Henry Cavill puts everything he has into a role. What a stunner. Living legend, George Clooney knows his worth. Keep being you! Always known for his sultry allure and global appeal, Enrique Iglesias was born on May 8. Bring that fire! Tauruses are known to be one of the most musically talented zodiac signs. Rosario Dawson has tapped into the lyrical muse. Be still, my heart! Rami Malek brings his very own unique flair to every role that he owns. Iconic! Robert Pattinson showcases his ability to transform for his roles, especially his newest: the Batman! As one of the most business-saavy zodiac signs, Tauruses know how to build an empire. Mark Zuckerberg is aiming at the metaverse! Visionary world-builder, George Lucas has created one of the most successful franchises of all time. What a revolutionary! Tauruses are an Earth sign, which is why they like to be grounded as much as possible. Janet Jackson faces facts and delivers the truth. Pop legend! When it comes to love, Tauruses are all-or-nothing and can be quite possessive. When it comes to anyone she’s with, Megan Fox makes it clear that she owns them. Hot/fierce/mostly just hot! Comedian and woman of many talents, Tina Fey is always eager to entertain. Keep bringing the laughs, queen! Beauty is important to every Taurus. For Sam Smith, he showcases this authentically. Own it! As an Earth sign, Tauruses love money and are great with it. Cher has made it clear that she’s always been the rich one calling the shots. Goals! Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.