Police have arrested a suspect in connection with the “traumatizing” mass shooting at a South Carolina shopping mall that injured 14 and sent panicked customers scampering for the exits, local police announced. Columbia Police Chief W.H. “Skip” Holbrook revealed late Saturday that Jewayne M. Price — a 22-year-old who was one of three people initially detained by law enforcement — has been arrested. He was charged with unlawful carrying of a pistol, the police department announced on Twitter Sunday morning. A gunman on Saturday afternoon opened fire near the food court of the  Columbiana Centre mall in Columbia, SC. The shooting did not kill anyone, and three persons of interest were taken into police custody immediately after the gunfire, according to the Columbia police department. Price may be subsequently slapped with more charges, the Columbia police department said in a press release. Investigators concluded that at least three suspects “displayed firearms” in the mall, and at least two separate guns were used in the shooting by two suspects, the department said. Police said they had seized at least one firearm. The mass shooting represented an “isolated incident” prompted by an unspecified “ongoing conflict” between two shooters, police said. “Today’s isolated, senseless act of violence is extremely upsetting and our thoughts are with everyone impacted,” the police department tweeted late Saturday afternoon. “We are grateful for the quick response and continued support of our security team and our partners in law enforcement.” Price is currently being held at Lexington County Detention Center, the police department said early Sunday in a tweet. Witness Raquel Eaddy told The State that she was “still numb” from the gunfire. “It was one of the most horrific things ever,” Eaddy reportedly said. “The gunshots sounded like they were literally a store down.” “It was traumatizing,” she added. Customer Casey Poole said he and the cashier at a store at the mall heard gunshots and initially thought it was raining. “That’s when I saw everyone running for the exit,” Poole, 25, told the outlet. “Everyone was ducking and running so I did the same and we ran into Express and they shoved us all in the back of the store,”  saidKristin Truesdale of what happened after she heard about 10 “super loud” pops. “Everybody started running through the mall. We were still on the floor, trying to get our employees to the back of the store. We walked out, but there was still a lot of chaos. The police took about 10 or 15 minutes, I think everybody didn’t know what was going on. I think people thought maybe it was fireworks and stuff, but there were several people down in the hallway, about 25 feet away from us.”Duane Loveday, who was working at Auntie Anne’s during the shooting, told WLTX he heard 20 to 30 rounds of gunfire and that fellow witnesses didn’t know right away what they were hearing amid the “chaos.” “Everybody started running through the mall. We were still on the floor, trying to get our employees to the back of the store,” Loveday said. We walked out, but there was still a lot of chaos. The police took about 10 or 15 minutes, I think everybody didn’t know what was going on. I think people thought maybe it was fireworks and stuff, but there were several people down in the hallway, about 25 feet away from us.” Meanwhile, the Columbia Police Department late Saturday released an update on the victims of Saturday’s gunfire that sent shoppers fleeing the shopping mall over Easter Weekend. Fourteen people were injured during the shooting — up from the 12 who police said in the immediate aftermath of the shooting were hurt during the incident. Nine of the victims were injured by the gunfire, while five suffered injuries such as broken bones, lacerations and a head injury while attempting to flee the scene of the shooting. The victims’ ages range from 15 to 73 years old, according to the press release. Police said that the majority of the victims “have been treated and released or will be released shortly.” But a 73-year-old woman continued treatment at a local hospital as of late Saturday. Jaime Harrison — chair of the Democratic National Committee and former chair of the South Carolina Democratic Party — expressed his sympathy “These tragedies get closer and closer to home,” he said on Twitter. “I’m sure some Columbia families were just out shopping for Easter weekend & now their lives have been forever changed. The nation must find the courage, strength, & leadership to stop #GunViolence.”