Dwayne Haskins’ wife, Kalabrya Haskins, made a concerned 911 call on the morning of his death and said the Steelers quarterback was “stuck” on the side of a Florida highway and “had to go walk and get gas.” On the call, which was obtained by South Florida Fox Sports host Andy Slater, Haskins’ wife can be heard telling a 911 dispatcher that Haskins had called her from the side of the road near I-95 in Broward County, Fla., and that he would call her back after he had finished putting gas in his vehicle. Haskins, 24, died after he was struck by a dump truck on April 9, while walking on I-595 West at the I-95 interchange outside Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. There are few details about the tragedy as a police investigation is ongoing. Before the 911 call emerged, it was unclear as to why Haskins was walking on the side of the highway before his death. Haskins said the quarterback “was stranded by himself and he was walking” when she last spoke to him. WARNING: GRAPHIC LANGUAGE Haskins’ wife said she was calling from Pittsburgh, where the couple lives, about 10 minutes after she had spoken to him on the phone. Haskins was training with teammates in Florida at the time he was killed. “I kept calling and kept calling,” Haskins’ wife can be heard telling the 911 dispatcher. “He wasn’t answering. Eventually, after 10 minutes of calling the phone, eventually it cut off. It’s not working now. I had his location. I just want somebody to go in the area and see if his car is there and if he’s OK and if anything happened to him.” Haskins’ wife, who said she had her husband’s location, went back and forth with the 911 dispatcher about exactly where he was at the time. “So, I don’t want you to panic but I am going to be honest with you,” the dispatcher said. “We do have an incident on the highway but I can’t confirm if that’s your husband or not.” When asked if authorities had any details, the dispatcher said to “hang tight” and that rescue units were on site. A separate 911 call, also obtained by Slater, came from a panicked person that said they had witnessed the incident. “There was a man hit in front of me. I was traveling on the road and I saw a dump truck hit a man,” the caller can be heard saying through deep breaths. Haskins and his wife got married last March. Kalabrya, who played basketball at Michigan state, is the sister of WNBA player Kysre Rae Gondrezick.