Teenage NASCAR driver Daniel Dye has been charged with a felony for allegedly punching a Florida private school classmate in the crotch and possibly rupturing his testicle. Dye, 18, who is part of the GMS Racing team, was arrested Tuesday afternoon on a count of third-degree battery over the alleged incident at Father Lopez Catholic High School in Daytona Beach, ClickOrlando reported. Dye’s classmate told cops that he was sitting in class when the teen came up to him and began “grinding and dancing” against his face, according to an arrest affidavit. The victim said he tried to push Dye away, but the professional stock car racer continued grinding against him, according to the court document. When Dye stopped gyrating, he allegedly punched him in the groin. Police were called to the scene and the victim told them that as a result of the beating, his scrotum was swollen and bruised, and he was unable to go to the bathroom. When the boy later went to a hospital to seek treatment, he was diagnosed with a possible ruptured testicle, the affidavit states. Dye was booked into the Volusia County jail just before 2 p.m. Tuesday and was released six hours later after posting a $2,500 bond. Dye raced full time in the NASCAR-owned ARCA Menards Series, driving the No. 43 Chevrolet for GMS Racing. But in the wake of his arrest, Dye has been suspended indefinitely from ARCA competition. GMS Racing released a brief statement Wednesday evening, acknowledging Dye’s arrest. “GMS Racing is aware of the current situation surrounding Daniel Dye,’ the statement read. “Daniel and the Dye family are cooperating with local law enforcement. No further comment will be made on the subject until more information becomes available.” Speaking to Fox Sports’ report Bob Pockrass, Dye’s lawyer sought to downplay the incident, claiming that what happened at the school was just a “game,’ and that his client would be cleared of any wrongdoing. “Once all the facts come to light, Mr Dye is going to be completely exonerated,” Aaron Delgado said. “It appears that this was people playing a game at the school and nothing more than that.”