TAMPA — The Yankees have settled on the 28-man roster they will take to The Bronx for Opening Day. Super-utilityman Marwin Gonzalez and pitchers Clarke Schmidt, JP Sears and Ron Marinaccio secured the final spots on the roster, manager Aaron Boone confirmed Tuesday ahead of the Yankees’ Grapefruit League finale. The Yankees will carry 16 pitchers and 12 position players through May 1 — rosters were expanded until then to accommodate for a shortened spring training because of the lockout — before having to trim down to 26, including a maximum of 13 pitchers. The pitcher-heavy roster leaves the Yankees with just a three-man bench, but Boone pointed to Gonzalez’s ability to play all around the diamond, which should cover them during the opening weeks of the season. “You’d always want better coverage everywhere, but also feel like just early on, gotta make sure we protect and build up the arms properly,” Boone said at Steinbrenner Field. “We’ll make it work and if we have to change on the fly a little bit, we’ll do that as well.” Gonzalez’s path to the roster became clear when the Yankees optioned Miguel Andujar and Tim Locastro to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre earlier on Tuesday. Since joining the Yankees in camp on a minor league deal — meaning they will have to make a move to add him to their 40-man roster — Gonzalez has had a solid spring offensively while starting games at first base, second base, shortstop and left field. The former Astro, who has had rough seasons at the plate in each of the past two years, entered Tuesday batting 8-for-22 with three home runs this spring. Schmidt, who was named the winner of the James P. Dawson Award on Tuesday as the most outstanding Yankees rookie in spring training, will provide length out of the bullpen, having built up to 70-75 pitches. Sears and Marinaccio were both added to the 40-man roster during the offseason and then won bullpen jobs with their solid spring performances. Marinaccio, a native of Toms River, N.J., is known for his changeup, but also had a bump in fastball velocity last season to help fast-track his path to The Bronx. Boone gave Marinaccio the official word on Tuesday that he had made the team, leaving the 26-year-old, who grew up a Yankees fan and sat with the Bleacher Creatures, at a loss for words. “[Boone] took me into his office and just said, ‘You’re coming to New York,’ ” Marinaccio said. “It was a speechless moment for me, growing up watching the Yankees and watching a lot of these guys that are in the clubhouse still. Just incredible to hear that you’re going to New York with them.”