New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, as March Madness continues with the Final Four.  Four huge name in College Hoops have made it to the Final Four, and in just four days, March Madness will be over, and another winner will be crowned. Villanova last reached a Final Four in 2018, so they are more than familiar with the big stage. They previously made it in 2016, where they famously beat fellow Final Four contenders UNC in the championship on one of the greatest buzzer beaters in history. This is a possible rematch in New Orleans, though UNC is now headed by a new head coach. Despite carrying a blue blood name and branding, UNC is far from a favorite this year. They made the tournament as an eight seed, looking to become the third-ever eight seed to make the tournament final. However, that feat has been buried under UNC now making the most Final Fours in the country, at 21. By now, we all know this is the first meeting between the two bitter rivals in the Final Four. We also know this is potentially Coach Mike Krzyzewski’s last career game, but that has been the case for all four of their NCAA tournament games. Win or lose, it’s a fitting chapter for the Hall of Fame coach. Finally, the last standing one-seed Kansas is appearing in their 16th Final Four. Coach Bill Self is coaching his fourth Final Four game with Kansas. The Jayhawks have potentially been the least-talked about one seed this year, being buried in a mess of a Midwest Region with upstart teams like Providence and Miami. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. With a huge bonus, there’s no better place to start than at Caesars Sportsbook. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage, and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 21+, T&Cs apply An easy way to grab yourself $100 in free bets, simply refer your friend with our unique referral link, and after they’ve deposited $50, you will receive $100 in free bets. One of the best referral schemes of any sportsbooks out there, with a limit of ten friends you can refer.