Jake Paul and Julia Rose are going strong. In a new interview with The Post, the boxer — who has a number of business ventures in the works, including acting gigs — was asked if he currently had time for a relationship. Paul said he did then looked off camera for confirmation. “Right, Julia,” he said, smirking, signaling that the model was close by in his Los Angeles home. “I don’t know if she’s there. But yeah, that’s a big part of my life,” he said. Last month, Page Six reported that Paul had ended his relationship with Rose. A source said at the time, “He would like to get back together with her and maybe they will, but they both need to slow down their lives.” Paul told The Post he’s working on a variety of secret projects — as well as training for an August bout that he announced last month. “August, I’m back baby,” Paul said in an Instagram video that showed him training in the ring. “6-0 coming soon,” he wrote in his caption. Paul, who is 5-0 with four knockouts in his pro fighting career, did not name his next opponent, but he promised to deliver “the craziest knockout” of his career. “My power is increasing so much in this offseason,” Paul said. “My goal is to knock someone through the ropes and have them fall through the ropes onto the ground.” Paul last fought in December and beat Tyron Woodley in a sixth-round stoppage, his second consecutive win against the former UFC champion. In February, Paul’s adviser Nakisa Bidarian said that his client would hold off on fighting until later in the year in order to promote fellow MVP [Most Valuable Promotions] athlete Amanda Serrano — who is preparing for her April 30 bout against Katie Taylor at Madison Square Garden. “It’s been great and it’s been a different experience,” Paul said about supporting Serrano. “I like being a promoter. Just being able to support Amanda and shine a spotlight on her has been awesome because she truly deserves it. I got to watch her spar in training camp when she came down to Puerto Rico.” Paul said he’s unsure if being a promoter is something he’d take on full-time. “I will always be involved in the sport [of boxing] and I will always definitely be a promoter, even if I’m not fighting. You know, the sport means so much to me. I love every aspect of it. So we’ll definitely be promoting fights, probably till the day I die. It’s exciting and this is [her] first really massive one. And working alongside Eddie Hearn as a coach promoter has been awesome. There are a lot of big plans that we have for most valuable promotions coming up.”