Congressional Republicans plan to open up five avenues of investigation into Hunter Biden and his infamous laptop — and they zeroed in Wednesday on one of the first son’s former business partners. The minority members of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform are laying the groundwork for a probe that would get underway if the GOP gains subpoena power by wresting control from Democrats in the November elections, as many political experts expect. Topping the list are the first son’s controversial overseas business dealings — some of which involved the state-controlled Bank of China and other companies tied to the Chinese government — and their potential impact on national security, a spokesperson said. The Republicans also want to know if President Biden stood to make any “financial gain” or had a role in his son’s business affairs, as alleged by former Hunter Biden business associate Tony Bobulinski. In October 2020, Bobulinski confirmed speculation that the elder Biden was “the big guy” for whom 10 percent of the potential profits from a joint venture with the CEFC China Energy conglomerate would be held by his son and also said the future president “was plainly familiar, at least at a high level,” about “the Biden family’s plans with the Chinese.” Other fields of inquiry would include Hunter Biden’s earnings when his father was a senator and vice president, during which time he was paid as much as $83,000 a month to sit on the board of the Ukrainian natural gas company, and his controversial, new career as a painter whose works were offered for sale last year at prices as high as $500,000 each, raising concerns about possible influence peddling. In addition, the committee plans to explore the punishment imposed by Twitter and Facebook against The Post for publishing a series of articles based on Hunter Biden’s emails in October 2020, which incoming Twitter owner Elon Musk on Monday called “obviously incredibly inappropriate.” Committee member Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) said he’s also “very concerned” about the open letter signed by 51 former US intelligence officials who said the release of the emails had “all the classic earmarks of a Russian information operation.” “That letter becomes the basis for the collusion that took place between Big Tech, Big Media and the Democrats to keep this story from the country in the run-up to the most important election,” Jordan said. “Any investigation that may take place, I think that’s an important area we need to explore.” Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) — who, with Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), issued a 2020 report on Hunter Biden’s business dealings — said the No. 1 thing he wanted to know was why then-Vice President Biden met with his son’s former business partner, since-convicted fraudster Devon Archer, at the White House in 2014. Meanwhile, in a Wednesday letter, the House committee’s ranking member, Rep. James Comer (R-Ky.), and 14 colleagues asked former Rosemont Seneca Partners president Eric Schwerin to hand over records of all his all communications involving President Biden and Hunter Biden since 2009 — when Joe Biden became vice president — and a list of Schwerin’s positions in Biden family companies. The move came after The Post exclusively revealed this past weekend that Schwerin visited the White House at least 19 times between 2009 and 2015 — and even sat down with then-Vice President Biden in the West Wing. Subsequent reporting uncovered at least eight more Schwerin visits, including two meetings with Steve Ricchetti, who at the time was Joe Biden’s chief of staff and is now his White House counselor. The House Republicans’ letter signals that if Schwerin doesn’t comply voluntarily, he could get slapped with a subpoena next year. “We expect Eric Schwerin to provide us with answers to our questions,” a GOP committee aide told The Post. “If Americans entrust Republicans with the majority in 2023, we will use tools at our disposal to ensure we get to the truth about whether Joe Biden has financially benefited and helped facilitate Hunter Biden’s business dealings.” The letter cites a June 10, 2010, email that Schwerin sent Hunter Biden regarding Joe Biden’s Delaware state tax refund check, which Schwerin said he was “depositing…in his account and writing a check in that amount back to you since he owes it to you.” “This email shows an intertwined financial relationship between President Biden and his son, the latter of whom has profited from America’s losses to foreign adversaries,” Comer and the other Republicans wrote. ” If President Biden and Hunter are sharing funds or if President Biden is in debt to his son — the American people deserve to know it especially in light of the millions of dollars Hunter’s businesses have received from countries adversarial to U.S. interests.” Neither Schwerin nor the White House responded to requests for comment.