A weekend in which the Mets honored multiple legends in their franchise’s history concluded with the team renaming their press box Sunday for beloved longtime media relations honcho Jay Horwitz. The 76-year-old Horwitz is in his 42nd year with the organization, shifting to the role of vice president of alumni relations and team historian in 2018. “It’s crazy, when I first started [in 1980] I never could have imagined this in a million years,” said Horwitz, who threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Sunday’s game against the Diamondbacks. “To work for some place for 42 years, it makes you feel like you still make a difference in what you do.” A plaque was unveiled just inside the entrance door of the press box, reading: “Jay Horwitz Press Box. Distinguished leader of the Mets media relations department (1980-2018). His legendary dedication to his craft, wit, and fun-loving personality made him an iconic figure in New York sports. Beloved by the front office, players, and media.” Current owner Steve Cohen, past owner Fred Wilpon and Mets luminaries Mookie Wilson, Tim Teufel, John Franco, Todd Zeile, Ron Darling, Omar Minaya, Sandy Alderson and Terry Collins were among those who showed up to honor Horwitz, as well as the family of late media relations associate Shannon Dalton Forde. “Jay has been cleaning up Mets messes, some of his own making, some of which I made for him, for over 40 years,” Alderson said. “It hasn’t always been easy. But throughout those 40 years, Jay, out of his love for the Mets, remained unfazed, committed and totally professional. Today we recognize those 40 years.” Asked for the key to being universally beloved by front office members, coaching staffers, players and media, Horwitz replied: “Not to lie and to treat the 25th guy on the team like the No. 1 guy on the team, to treat the guy from some paper in Iowa as good as the New York papers. Try to treat everybody the same and do it the right way and be honest. To have the players’ trust, the owners’ trust and the media’s trust, you have to develop a level of trust and that’s what I always tried to do.” The Mets had unveiled a long overdue statue of Tom Seaver and celebrated Jackie Robinson Day before Friday’s home opener, and former manager Gil Hodges’ family was in attendance Saturday to celebrate his long-awaited election this year to the Hall of Fame by the Golden Days era committee.