Get ready for a Wilson-to-Wilson Jets connection. Gang Green drafted Ohio State wide receiver Garrett Wilson with the No. 10 overall pick in Thursday’s NFL draft, setting up a partnership with second-year quarterback Zach Wilson. They drafted cornerback Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner out of Cincinnati with their first pick on Thursday, No. 4 overall, and traded back into the first round to take Florida State edge rusher Jermaine Johnson II at No. 26. Garrett Wilson was a two-year starter for the Buckeyes and caught 70 passes for 1,058 yards and 12 touchdowns in 2021. The 5-foot-11, 183-pounder ran a 4.38 40-yard dash at the combine and gives the Jets a speedy outside receiver that they have lacked. “It’s a feeling of insane excitement,” Wilson said. “I’m really excited. I went up to New York probably a month-and-a-half ago for the first time ever, and here I am about to set some roots there. I’m really excited to be a part of the Jets.” The drafting of Wilson ended any speculation about trading for 49ers star receiver Deebo Samuel. Sources said the 49ers’ asking price was too high for the Jets, who were willing to include the No. 10 pick in a deal for Samuel. The Jets also did not trade for A.J. Brown, who was shipped from the Titans to the Eagles during Thursday’s first round. GM Joe Douglas would not comment specifically on Samuel or Brown but said they did not field any calls when they were on the clock at 10. “I’m not going to get into the specifics, but there were a lot of discussions that happened over the last couple of weeks,” Douglas said. “We felt, at the end of the day, this was the right path for our franchise and the right direction moving forward.” Get the latest updates on every New York Jets pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, plus hometown analysis from the New York Post.  Instead of landing a veteran receiver, the Jets drafted Wilson. The speedster can play both outside and in the slot. The receiving corps looks good on paper with Wilson, Elijah Moore, Corey Davis and Braxton Berrios. That should help Zach Wilson in his second season. “He’s another speed guy,” coach Robert Saleh said. “He has the whole repertoire in terms of the route tree. He’s got great body control. You see him and he looks a little slight, but he’s actually very strong, plays the game very strong. He’s got great range. He’s got really good speed. He can win one-on-one. When you look at Buffalo, New England and Miami, they’re man-to-man coverage teams.” Wilson is good at catching contested passes (61.8 percent success rate in 2021). He had four plays of 50 yards or more, one of them a rush. He got better every year at Ohio State and finished in the top 10 in school history in receptions, receiving yards and receiving touchdowns. This is the first time the Jets have selected a wide receiver in the first round since taking Santana Moss in 2001. They have set about building around Zach Wilson this offseason, and this gives him another playmaker. Garrett Wilson is considered by many to be the No. 1 receiver in this class. “I think he’s got a lot of talent,” Garrett Wilson said of Zach Wilson. “ I think he’s got a lot of especially arm talent. I remember watching his Pro Day last year and it was a really good Pro Day. I feel like he approaches the game the right way. I’m excited to get up there and start getting some reps hopefully with Zach.”