Tyler Motte is out for the near future and Filip Chytil is also sidelined, though Kaapo Kakko and Kevin Rooney could be back as soon as Saturday. It was a busy Friday for the Rangers, who are soon to be playoff-bound. The team announced prior to practice that Motte had suffered a “significant” upper-body injury that didn’t involve his head during the win over the Penguins on Thursday. Coach Gerard Gallant said Motte won’t miss the rest of the season, but the center, who was acquired from Vancouver at the deadline, isn’t expected back anytime soon. Kakko and Rooney, meanwhile, returned to practice for the first time — they had been skating on their own while dealing with upper-body injuries, so conditioning isn’t much of a concern — and could be in the lineup against the Senators at the Garden on Saturday night. Rooney has been out since March 2, missing 18 games. Kakko has missed 31 straight contests. “There’s definitely a chance,” Gallant said of the two playing on Saturday. “It would add a lot of depth, two guys that have been two real good hockey players. Both are penalty killers, both guys who work hard, compete, do the right thing for us. They’re a big part of our group.” In the brief workout Friday, Kakko skated on the right side of the third line, which was centered by Barclay Goodrow. Rooney was the pivot on the fourth line, between Dryden Hunt and Ryan Reaves. As for Motte, he suffered the injury after a big hit from Penguins winger Anthony Angello that sparked a few scuffles in the final minutes of the contest. “I thought actually [Thursday] night it was a blow to the head, but it was the back part of the shoulder that got him,” Gallant said. “I don’t think it was as bad as I thought originally, but still, I didn’t like it. … He knew Motte didn’t see him.” Chytil (upper-body) isn’t expected to be out long, the coach said. Chris Kreider is close to joining an elite club: Rangers who have scored 50 goals in a single season. The 30-year-old winger has 47 right now. Only Jaromir Jagr, Adam Graves and Vic Hadfield have reached that plateau in franchise history. Jagr was the most recent to do it, netting 54 goals during the 2005-06 season. “I’m not shooting until he gets it,” linemate Mika Zibanejad said. “It obviously would be a big accomplishment, and he’s been great for us all year. It’s been awesome to play with him. It’ not just about the goals, everyone knows what kind of pro he is, on and off the ice how hard he works. I’m really happy for him that he’s been having this season.”