Netflix Is a Joke: The Festival — 250 shows in 30 venues. Amy Schumer, Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Snoop Dogg. A weeklong yukfest. The Greek Theater in LA. Also John Mulaney at the Hollywood Bowl. Patrons “to dress in evening attire.” Write your own joke about it . . . Forget glatt kosher. French brasserie Le Marais wants it known they’re open for Passover. Great. Gefilte fish au gratin? . . . And Brian Stokes Mitchell just got the National Dance Institute gala’s whatever. Yesteryear’s Four Tops won no Grammy for “I’ll Be There” but their hit is now memorialized forever. They tell me this civil rights anthem got placed today in the Library of Congress National Recording Registry. Duke Fakir, sole survivor of the legendary Four Tops: “I’m humbly surprised to think that happened. We considered that song an experiment — never believing it would even make it on the album, let alone the Library of Congress. “ ‘I’ll Be There’ is my personal microcosm of black life and success in America. The lyrics were saying he’ll be there in his girl’s darkest moments. A song of hope. With our pain of war and chaos, maybe hope today is what we all need.” Steve Spangler, a TV science guy, on amusing kids stuck at home all these months: Commandeer the kitchen. Take a dinner plate. Pour some milk on it. Get food coloring from your cabinet and add few drops of color to the middle of the milk pool — red, green, yellow, blue, whatever. Find whatever liquid dish soap you have. Drip one tiny drop in the middle. Move it around with a toothpick. You’ll see an explosion of color. They’ll churn on their own. The molecules align with fat in the milk and spin the color around. Pour cornstarch into a bowl. Add a little water. Get it to the consistency of honey. Push your hand into that mixture then try to pull up fast. Can’t. Stuck. Slap it and it won’t go anywhere. Wine glass. Bit of water in its bottom. Couple of drops of red food coloring. Fill the rest of the glass with vegetable oil. Water on top, oil on bottom. Break a Mentos tablet in half. Drop into glass. This Alka-Seltzer type tablet will work through the oil. Moment it touches water it’ll erupt and beautiful bubbles will surface, break in the glass then circle around again. “Bottle of Diet Coke. Drop in three Mentos. See the eruption of all that carbon dioxide gas.” Glorious insults from an era before the English language boiled down to four-letter words: Winston Churchill: “He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.” William Faulkner (about Ernest Hemingway): “He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary.” I’ve reported on Cossacks’ cruelty in Ukraine during long ago pogroms. Killing whole communities, burning shtetls, murdering Catholics, in exchange for privileges. They are to Putin what the SS was to Hitler. One day after I wrote this Putin promoted Gen. Alexander Dvornikov to run his Ukraine horror. This “butcher of Syria,” as he’s known, led the Cossacks, via killings and blood, through the second Chechen war. He’ll now lead those same Cossacks from the Donbas region into eastern Ukraine. Watch. Being off my meds I effed up yesterday writing about our new Staten Island FerryHawks baseball team. John Catsimatidis is its chairman. I repeat. John Catsimatidis is the chairman. John Catsimatidis. John Catsimatidis. John Catsimatidis. John Catsimatidis. John Catsimatidis. Also, Staten Island’s only in New York, kids, only in New York.