The gunman behind Tuesday’s Brooklyn subway rampage has been on the run for hours, but cops now may have a crucial clue in their hunt for him: the U-Haul they believe he rented to drive to the area, law-enforcement sources said. The rental truck, which had Arizona plates, was located on West Third Street near Kings Highway late Tuesday afternoon, sources said. Detectives had found a credit card at the scene that they suspected belonged to the shooter, and one of the charges racked up on it is for a U-Haul rental out of Philadelphia, sources said News of the development comes amid a massive manhunt for the shooter by police, who have released few details on the suspect, with sources revealing that the surveillance cameras at the station were out of commission. Police were still trying to determine why the cameras at the Sunset Park subway station were not working at the time of the 8:30 a.m. attack that injured 28, including 10 who were shot. Law-enforcement sources told The Post that the cameras tend to go out “from time to time.” Mayor Adams acknowledged the “malfunction” during remote media appearances Tuesday afternoon. “We do know that there was a problem with the camera at that particular station. We’re investigating if there were any video footage there but at this time we’re tracking down a number of leads,” Adams said on 1010Wins. Police have released only a bare-bones description of the madman — although law-enforcement sources revealed to The Post a troubling cache of items he may have left at the scene. They include items from a jammed Glock with two extended ammo magazines to a bag full of fire crackers. NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said at a press conference that the suspect is a roughly 5-foot-5 black man with a heavy build at around 170 pounds. He was wearing a gas mask, green construction-type vest and a hooded gray sweatshirt at the time. Police are scouring surveillance footage near the scene to try to help identify the shooter, who set off a smoke bomb on the R train in Sunset Park before opening fire, authorities said. At least one witness said she mistook the attacker for an MTA worker. In an e-mail earlier in the day to the entire police patrol force, cops had been ordered to keep their eyes peeled for the U-Haul and mark down its location and license plates, according to the order obtained by The Post. Anyone with information on the shooting should call the NYPD’s Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS or log onto the CrimeStoppers website.