Celebs don’t do anything halfway. In a recent interview with Glamour UK, Megan Fox confessed that she and fiancé Machine Gun Kelly will open their veins for each other — literally. “Yes, we do consume each other’s blood on occasion for ritual purposes only,” Fox, 35, told the glossy, assuring that she and Kelly, nèe Colson Baker, 32, mindfully limit their swapped sips to a “few drops” each. Add blood-drinking to the list of their bizarre couple behaviors, which also include showing up to red carpet events with matching manicures and, on one memorable occasion, linking their fingernails with a delicate chain. And while the engaged, avant-garde A-listers might be in the minority of wooers who will go to vampiric lengths to prove their love, they’re far from the only celebrity sweethearts to share a bloody bizarre bond. Read on for a look at some of Hollywood’s freakiest courtships. Like outré lovers of the early 2000s Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton, who famously donned necklaces with vials containing the other’s blood over their 3-year marriage, Fox and her rocker fiancé are bloodthirsty for one another — and they’re making no secret of it. That sanguine detail in Fox’s Glamour UK interview was only her most recent mention of the couple’s unusual bonding activity. When the “Transformers” leading lady announced the pair’s engagement on Instagram back in January, she ended her ode to love with an odd detail. “Somehow a year and a half later, having walked through hell together, and having laughed more than I ever imagined possible, he asked me to marry him,” Fox wrote on Instagram. “And then we drank each other’s blood.” Fox says she’s ritualistic about the practice, while Kelly is less … restrained. “It is controlled where it’s like, ‘Let’s shed a few drops of blood and each drink it,’” she told Glamour. “He’s much more haphazard and hectic and chaotic, where he’s willing to just cut his chest open with broken glass and be like, ‘Take my soul.’” Oscar-winner Nicolas Cage knew wife Riko Shibata was the one when he discovered that they shared an especially nutty commonality: an affinity for flying squirrels. “We met in Japan and I thought she was stunning when I met her. We had a lot in common,” Cage, 58, told Entertainment Tonight at the July premiere of his film “Pig.” “She likes animals, too,” he added. “So, I asked her, ‘Do you have any pets?’ And she said, ‘Yes, I have flying squirrels.’ She had two sugar gliders … I thought, ‘That’s it. This, this could work out.’” Cage, who avidly collects exotic animals like an $80,000 two-headed snake and a talking crow, popped the question to Shibata, 27, via FaceTime during the pandemic and they tied the knot in Las Vegas in Feb. 2021 — making her the “Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent” star’s fifth bride. But just before getting hitched, the actor invited his honey on a “meaningful” visit to the pyramid-shaped tomb in New Orleans that he purchased for himself in 2010. The quirky couple is expecting their first child together, a girl, later this year. There’s much that can be said about the power of prayer. And, in the case of supermodel Ashley Graham and her husband Justin Ervin, praising the almighty spirit often moves them so deeply that they wind up in bed. “I like to do meditations and prayer … And when we do it together, it just feels more powerful,” said the plus-size runway stunner, 34, while guest-starring on “A Little Late with Lilly Singh” in 2019. “And in that power when we’re praying, it’s like, ‘Oh … do you feel that?’” And that’s when they take each other to heaven. “The lights go down, the worship music goes up and we’re like: ‘Hello!’” laughed Graham. “And next thing you know — after we pray, because we have priorities — we rip it off,” she added. “It’s a great bonding experience for both the spiritual aspect and the physical aspect.” Graham and Ervin welcomed twins Malachi and Roman in February. They had their first son, Isaac, in 2020. For “Joker” star Joaquin Phoenix and actress wife Rooney Mara, animal rights are no laughing matter. And the lovebirds demonstrated their shared passion for pets and the like by carrying dead animal carcasses through the streets of West Hollywood as a part of a National Animal Rights Day in 2019. Elsewhere, the devoutly vegan Phoenix, 47, unabashedly ruffled the feathers of carnivores with his infamous animal rights speech at the 92nd Academy Awards in 2020. “We feel entitled to artificially inseminate a cow and when she gives birth we steal her baby, even though her cries of anguish are unmistakable. And then we take her milk that’s intended for her calf and we put it in our coffee and cereal,” he chided the audience while accepting the Oscar for Best Actor for portraying Batman’s clown-faced, chuckling nemesis. “We can create and develop and implement systems of change that are beneficial to all sentient beings and the environment.” And after his animal-centric address, he and his “Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” boo celebrated the night with plant-based burgers from Monty’s Good Burger. Kanye West seems to be changing girls as often as he changes his clothes — and he’s been changing each of their clothes, too. Chaney Jones, the latest lady to be draped over the “Love Lockdown” lyricist’s arm, recently strutted through the streets of Miami in a pair of West’s beloved Croc x Balenciaga knee-high boots, which retail for $695. Ye, 44, is also rumored to have treated Jones, 24 — who is a dead-ringer for the rapper’s estranged wife Kim Kardashian — to a shopping spree at Balenciaga. She’s been seen wearing the same one-piece from the luxe brand that was also worn by West’s ex-girlfriend, Julia Fox. As for the “Uncut Gems” star, 32, who the “Donda” creator regularly styled in the finest of fashions during their rushed romance earlier this year year, she immediately tossed her old rags once she became Ye’s woman. “After meeting him, a couple days later, all my s – – t was in boxes. It was so cathartic,” Fox told Interview Magazine in January. “It wasn’t like I was just packing up my old clothes, it was like I was packing up my old life..” Fox has unashamedly donned looks similar to Kardashian, 41 — who West also style-influenced over their 10-year relationship. Kardashian, who officially moved to divorce the Grammy-winner in February 2021, recently revealed that he offered to take on the role as her full-time personal dresser. “[West] says he wants to quit everything and dedicate his life to being my stylist,” the Skims mastermind told her sisters over lunch during a recent episode of “The Kardashians.” And while it’s unclear whether the social media siren plans to take her ex up on his proposal, she did admit: “Kanye has always dressed me, he’s always styled me.” “In the early 2000s, he would literally just send me random emails with all these looks and what my style should be … and he’ll send me so many reference pictures so that’s always really been our thing.” 