Angellyh Yambo had just turned 16 when she got caught in gangsta crossfire outside a Bronx high school, torn from this world far too soon. Yet her accused killer, Jeremiah Ryan, might have escaped jail pending trial under New York’s insane laws, merely because he himself is a teen. This is justice according to Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie and his all-too-many allies in the Legislature. Ryan even had a perfect score to qualify for release, according the city Criminal Justice Agency, because he has no priors. Happily, Judge Vidya Pappachan agreed to hold Ryan, 17, without bail, explaining: “Based on the charges that are before this court,” he did “not believe that any monetary bail will be appropriate as the least restrictive condition to ensure the defendant’s return to court.” Even then, Pappachan said he’d have to reconsider bail after the discovery phase, where prosecutors must share all the evidence with defense within a couple of weeks. So Angellyh’s family may yet have to cope with the alleged killer of their beloved “beautiful soul” walking free. This crime was a case of brazen disregard for innocent life. Two goons started mouthing off obscenely at each other, then at least one of them pulled out a gun and opened fire — with three teens shot. (The other two students are expected to survive, thankfully.) Ryan may have no arrests, but he’s been known to the NYPD for years, sources tell The Post, handling guns for gangbangers because they knew New York’s laws would protect him from any serious consequence if he was caught packing. His grandfather insists he’s a “good kid,” and he likely once was. But foolish laws — ones state lawmakers adamantly refuse to fix — plainly made him a target to be brought into the gang world, and evidently made him feel confident he could carry without fear of real trouble if he was picked up. Then a random encounter with some enemy led to the death of a wholly innocent girl. Heastie defends these laws on the grounds that teens’ brains aren’t fully mature, so their lives shouldn’t be ruined over even terrible choices. But one purpose of the law is to teach consequences of dangerous actions to those who haven’t otherwise learned better — precisely so they avoid those choices. Instead, Heastie’s law encourages kids like Jeremiah Ryan to go down the wrong path, ruining their lives another way. And with the horrific byproduct of robbing angels like Angellyh of their future. How is this mercy, Mr. Speaker?