New York City will double the number of NYPD officers on the subway system in the wake of the horrific Brooklyn subway shooting that has injured 28 New Yorkers, Mayor Eric Adams said Tuesday afternoon. “We have to match their concerns with the safety that they deserve and the safety that they need,” said Adams on WPIX-11 shortly before the evening commute got underway. He appeared remotely because he’s currently isolating with a positive case of COVID-19. “Today, one step that we’re taking is we’re going to double the number of the amount of uniformed officers there. We’re going to hold what’s considered the day tour to meet and complement the evening tour. You’re going to see double the amount of police officers.” “This is terror,” proclaimed Adams in a separate  CNN interview earlier Tuesday afternoon. “This is terror, someone attempted to terrorize our system,” he said. “They brought in what appears to be some form of smoke device. They discharged a weapon and so I don’t want to be premature and identify what this was, was not…I think at this time, it’s premature to state exactly what happened.” Adams conceded the shooting suspect’s identity is still unknown. But he added: “We will apprehend the person that’s responsible.” The shooting happened around 8:24 a.m. just as the subway was pulling into the 36th Street station in Sunset Park. NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said around noon during a press conference at the scene that the department is not investigating the incident as an act of terrorism at this time. “An individual on that train donned what appeared to be a gas mask. He then took a canister out of his bag and opened it,” Sewell explained. “The train at that time began to fill with smoke. He then opened fire, striking multiple people on the subway and on the platform.” But CNN anchor Dana Bash pressed Adams, asking, “Why is this still happening?” when the mayor ran on a campaign of curbing the Big Apple’s crime rates and restoring order to the subway system. But new data shows that since March, Gotham has seen an overall spike in major crime under his watch as the city’s chief executive. “The goal is – we have put in place major initiatives to deal with some of the systemic and historic problems,” he said, defending the steps he’s taken thus far. He listed steps including “everything from our transit initiative to our anti-gun unit, to really informing the public on how to use the system in a safe way.” He also pointed to a “bottleneck” in the city’s court system, a problem that’s persisted throughout the pandemic. “We witness what I call a revolving door criminal justice system, we’re treating people who have known to participate in criminal acts which are still on our streets – and so it’s a combined effort.” Adams reiterated the NYPD’s anti-gun unit has removed 1,800 guns so far this year. The mayor also pointed to the rise in gun violence not unique to New York City, but also a “national crisis.” “This is a real Herculean task and our police departments responded to it every day. As I stated over and over again there are many rivers that feed the sea violence in our city and in our country, let’s dam each one of them,” he added, repeating a line he’s used frequently since being in office. In the same interview with WPIX, Adams stated: “You know me, you know I want to be on the ground. There was a desire right away, as soon as I heard this, to leave Gracie Mansion and go to the scene,” he said. “But I can’t do that. I have to follow the procedures and rules that are put in place.” “But I’ve been in constant contact — thanks to our communication and technology, I’ve been in communication with all the entities on the ground. And listen, we are one of the most well-trained law enforcement entities in the entire country. The NYPD, they are well aware of what they’re doing.” Anyone with information on the shooting should call the NYPD’s Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS or log onto the CrimeStoppers website.