Much has changed over the past few years, with more of our lives going digital creating, or amplifying, the need for new kinds of workers with different skills. These are a few of the categories of cutting-edge jobs that you might want to consider. Chances are small that, until recently, your career aspirations had anything to do with TikTok, but it turns out that it’s one of the fastest growing social platforms in the world. This means the market is wide open for crafters of great content who have also attracted large flocks of followers. “A good TikTok creator has 20,000 followers, or more,” said Phil Greenwald, founder and CEO of HiWave, a Times Square-based technology startup. Salary expectations: The world’s top TikTok creators are usually self-employed and earn massive amounts of money — 17-year-old Charli D’Amelio, who, according to some, is the most successful TikTok creator, reportedly has a net worth of about $20 million. However, most TikTok employees make from $40,000 up to $200,000 annually. What you need: A proven track record of creating popular TikToks and acquiring followers. Some corporate jobs require marketing and/or other social media experience as well. Career path: While it’s too soon to know for sure, individuals who are successful would likely do well moving into marketing, advertising and brand-building. Who’s hiring: CBS, Discovery Inc., Hinge, Marvel Entertainment, WW. Thanks to COVID-19, rare is the day that we don’t hear someone talking about the importance of getting vaccinated. Not only do we need folks that will give us the jabs, but others to work in research and development, distribution, planning, business-to-business sales, marketing and more. Salary expectations: In the tri-state area, vaccinators often make $55 to $70 per hour, according to Indeed.com. Salaried corporate workers typically earn between $53,000 and $148,000. What you need: Some roles require nursing or medical licenses. Other positions ask for a variety of educational backgrounds ranging from a high school diploma to a Ph.D. Career path: According to Thomas Vick, regional director for global talent solutions at consulting firm Robert Half, vaccinators can move up into nursing, health care or the pharmaceutical field. Salespeople can go into management; still others can go deeper into R&D, planning, distribution and logistics along the supply chain. Who’s hiring: Sanofi, Cityblock, Novo Nordisk. This job is for the mathematical or computer whiz who’s comfortable with writing programs and mathematical models to build artificial intelligence systems, using big data sets to create algorithms capable of learning and making predictions. Think Alexa, or the computer that beat Ken Jennings at “Jeopardy!” Vick said that “more and more” of these kinds of workers will be needed in the foreseeable future. Salary expectations: $120,00 to $170,000. Hiring prospects: A degree in computer science, data science, math or statistics helps, or an impressive portfolio showing time spent in self-study or completing a certificate program. Some of these programs place graduates directly into jobs. Career path: While these jobs pay well and there’s no shortage of challenging work, for those who want to move into management, the IT department is a good destination. Who’s hiring: Amazon, Disney+, Etsy, Google, JPMorgan Chase. High-end department stores, designers and luxury goods-makers are in need of personal shoppers who want to help customers select their wardrobes — digitally. Digital stylists are all about the products, building a relationship with the customer and making wardrobe recommendations. Salary expectations: In many cases these jobs pay hourly, with an average of $26.92 per hour, according to job site ZipRecruiter. Hiring prospects: You’ll need a passion for fashion, retail or customer service experience, strong communication skills and strong Web skills, including being able to input quickly. Career path: You could become the personal shopper for celebrities; a brand stylist; a photo stylist; an influencer (if you leverage social media) or go into management. Who’s hiring: Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Ralph Lauren, Bergdorf Goodman and many fashion brands. Flashback to when the workplace experience was all about ping-pong tables, designer coffee and rooftop yoga. Things are different post-pandemic lockdowns, with many working from home. The word “hybrid” is now part of our daily vocabularies and “workplace” is now digital, requiring new workers to build and support it. For now, digital workplace positions are IT jobs where responsibilities include designing and maintaining intranets, community/enterprise social platforms, internal collaboration and productivity tools (think Zoom, Microsoft Office, Google Workspace, Slack), cybersecurity and customer service. Salary expectations: According to data gathered for the 2021 digital employee experience career capital report by independent research firm Vanson Bourne, these professionals earn as much as $148,000. Hiring prospects: You’ll need an understanding of end user and digital workplace transformation technologies and techniques, proficiency in unified communications, desktop techniques, security and much more. Career path: Typically these lead to leadership roles in IT. Who’s hiring: BlackRock, Tencent, Deloitte, Goldman Sachs.