The seat harness on the doomed Florida amusement park ride where a teen fell to his death was manually adjusted to twice its normal range, investigators revealed Monday. Tyre Samson, 14, was not properly secured in his seat before he plunged from the Free Fall ride last month at Orlando’s ICON Park, according to a new report from the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS). “This report confirmed our department’s finding that the operator of the Orlando drop tower made manual adjustments to the ride resulting in it being unsafe,” FDACS Commissioner Nikki Fried said at a press conference Monday. Fried said Monday that adjustment “allowed the harness restraint opening to be almost double that of the normal restraint opening range.” “These misadjustments allowed the safety lights to illuminate and properly satisfy the ride’s electronic safety mechanism that allowed the ride to operate even though Mr. Samson was not properly secured in his seat,” Fried said. Officials did not specify who made the adjustments to the harness or when. Samson’s family said that he weighed well over 300 pounds and that he was turned away from other rides at the park due to safety concerns stemming from his size. “Be careful when seeing if large guests fit into the seats,” a manual for the attraction states. “Check that they fit within the contours of the seat and the bracket fits properly. If this is not so — Do not let this person ride.” The family has retained attorney Benjamin Crump and is mulling legal action. Fried stressed that her office is still probing the case and that there could have been other factors that contributed to Tyre’s death. “Given these outstanding concerns, the drop tower will remain closed indefinitely,” Fried said. FDACS officials had previously reported that workers told them Tyre’s seat harness was still in a locked position after it came to rest. Some witnesses noted that the restraint was not as low on Tyre’s body as it was on other riders.