Jeffrey Epstein treated his private island like a sex-abuse “factory” — turned on by the “terror” of his dozens of victims, according to an accuser who said she was raped there at least three times a day. “Things happened there that scared me so deeply, I can’t even talk about them,” former model Juliette Bryant told an upcoming BBC documentary series, according to excerpts shared by the Sun. “He fed off the terror … there was something about the energy of a girl being scared that he liked,” the South African said in her first interview about the alleged ordeal. “I was being ordered to his bedroom at least three times a day,” she said of Epstein’s “pitch-dark and ice-cold” room on his so-called “Pedophile Island” in the Caribbean. “I just checked out of my body and just let him do what he wanted because I didn’t know what else to do,” she said. But she was far from alone, insisting in the doc that she “saw at least 60 girls coming and going” during her time on the island. “It was just like a factory … he was running a machine and Ghislaine Maxwell was the one operating it,” she insisted of the since-deceased pedophile and his convicted madam, who is fighting for a retrial. Bryant first came forward in a 2019 Manhattan federal lawsuit, saying she was a 20-year-old model when she met Epstein in 2002. In her interview with the BBC series “House of Maxwell,” she said that when she first met him, she thought it was to get her modeling portfolio to Victoria’s Secret owner Les Wexner, according to the Sun’s report. “I was like, ‘Oh my God, all my dreams are coming true,'” she said. “I just couldn’t believe it. What an opportunity.” She said she met Epstein in a hotel room, and after looking at her portfolio, the perverted moneyman told her, “‘Wow, you have the most amazing figure I have ever seen in my life.'” “’Right, we definitely want to bring you over from South Africa to New York,'” she recalled him telling her. “I thought it was going to be the most amazing opportunity of my life,” she said. Told that the plan changed to instead go to his island, she said she “immediately” accepted, assuming it was for a photoshoot on what she called “the most beautiful place you’d seen, ever.” She was disturbed by naked photos of Maxwell throughout Epstein’s property — as well as a “very disturbing picture” in her chalet that appeared to be a walrus trying to rape a naked girl, she said. Epstein’s true motives soon became disgustingly obvious, she told the BBC docu-series, which is set to start Monday. “We were watching a movie and this other girl was there and she started performing a sex act on him while I was sitting next to him,” Bryant said, according to the report. “I was absolutely petrified because I was so young and I’d never seen anything like that. So I ran out of the room and I was crying, I just didn’t know what to do,” she said. However, “There was no hope of getting away … I was in a foreign country without a cellphone, money or means of communication. “I realized then I was completely trapped and there was nothing I could do,” she said. “Ghislaine was running the girls and she would tell us when we had to go to his bedroom,” she said of the British heiress who she was told was Epstein’s girlfriend. “You couldn’t say no, there was just no option. You didn’t want to make them angry, it would have been very scary making them angry. No one ever tried to stand up against them,” she said. “No one disobeyed Epstein. … I was petrified of him, of who he was. I knew that crossing him would be a very, very bad idea,” she said. In her lawsuit, Bryant said Epstein raped her in his many homes around the globe, including his Upper East Side mansion. She claimed that even after she finally freed herself from his clutches, he kept badgering her for nude pictures — right up until June 2019, two months before he killed himself in his Manhattan lockup while awaiting serious sex charges. She told the BBC that she “never felt OK again” after the abuse. “Everything just fell to pieces. … I’m still trying to piece it all together,” she said. “I wanted to just be quiet and live my life and forget about it all, but … I can’t forget about it,” she said of her reason for finally speaking out. “I’m tired of feeling ashamed. I want to speak for the people who can’t talk anymore.” The documentary looks at Maxwell’s family, starting with her disgraced media tycoon dad, Robert, the former New York Daily News owner who died under mysterious circumstances in 1991 after stealing millions from pension funds. It comes as Maxwell remains behind bars, pushing for a retrial after one of the jurors who convicted her of trafficking young girls for Epstein hid his own history of abuse during selection. Maxwell had always denied the charges.