The World Health Organization wants 70% of the world vaxxed against COVID, and President Biden is seeking $5 billion for a global vax campaign, notes The Wall Street Journal’s Allysia Finley. Yet “other infectious diseases that are much deadlier than Covid in low-income countries have taken a back seat.” COVID isn’t much of a threat in Africa, where far more people die from other diseases, like HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis. Yet clinics there “that normally provide childhood immunizations and treatments for other infectious diseases have been administering Covid vaccines instead.” To really “advance the cause of global public health,” Team Biden “should support U.S. drug makers that are developing vaccines for other, more deadly infectious diseases.” All our media’s faults were “on display,” argues Spectator World’s Stephen L. Miller, at The Atlantic’s “conference on “ ‘Disinformation and the Erosion of Democracy.’ ” Anne Applebaum “said she still isn’t interested in” Hunter Biden’s laptop, and Brian Stelter “refused to address” CNN’s Jussie Smollett errors. “But the ultimate irony” was Barack Obama opining on disinformation — which “should have been a rare moment of self-introspection for the former president,” given his “own disinformation campaigns” on Benghazi and “Politifact’s lie of the year . . . ‘if you like your plan you can keep your healthcare plan.’” “The media’s full-fledged embrace of Obama as a sage old rock star is everything that’s wrong with journalism today.” After Team Biden announced it will revoke Title 42 in May, it admitted it’s bracing for “unprecedented strains” of illegal migrants, Todd Bensman reports at The Federalist. “Some 540,000 illegal migrants per month will soon be jumping the borders in all the front-line states.” In fact, they will come “to defraud an American asylum system that Title 42 denied them.” Because “as it stands, the asylum system provides a reprieve from mandatory deportation and all but guarantees release into the United States.” In fact, “all the planets and stars seem to have lined up for a true Noah’s Flood at the border.” At The Hill, Kevin R. Brock slams the White House for warning Alabama lawmakers over their bill to prevent use of puberty blockers or surgery on prepubescent kids. Press Secretary Jen Psaki said legislators have been “put on notice” by the Department of Justice — when, Brock explains, the DOJ has no such “menacing power.” This “continues a pattern of misuse of DOJ,” with a “disturbing . . . lack of appropriate pushback from Attorney General Merrick Garland.” Prior abuses include using “the DOJ to intimidate parents around the country who had begun protesting school board policies that aligned with Democratic Party agendas,” plus November’s “pre-dawn” raids on “two homes of journalists believed to be in possession of a diary belonging to Biden’s adult daughter.” DOJ needs leaders who’ll “fight for proper independence and resist the manipulations of the politically power-hungry.” White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki’s rumored plan to leave the Biden administration to join MSNBC this summer is part of a “pipeline between politics and lucrative gigs in the media in America” that “appears to sully the public view of both professions,” warns Edward Helmore at The Guardian. “This type of high-profile hiring,” which was “publicized while Psaki is still in a political role, risks becoming the default image for what the public holds as standard practice for journalism at large.” Moves from government to media are “unexceptional to either side of the political divide” but encourage “a sense that politics in the US is seen by the media in the same veins as sports — where hiring ex-players as commentators is common” — and tells Americans “that both sides are really in it for the money.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board