The NBA playoffs officially kick off Tuesday night, giving bettors three sports to choose from on the betting board. However, a number of games are attracting meaningful attention from respected bettors, including the NBA play-in matchup between the Brooklyn Nets and Cleveland Cavaliers. Those games are determined by the Action Network PRO Report, which designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. With that in mind, here is what the report is identifying on Tuesday’s board. The Nets opened as eight-and-a-half-point home favorites for the Cavs’ visit to Brooklyn, but we’re tracking sharp action on the Nets that has since seen it move to -9.5. Additionally, big money has come in on the Nets spread. At this writing, the hosts have received only 49 percent of all spread bets, but have simultaneously received 70 percent of the money, the highest money percentage among the four sides on Tuesday’s NBA slate. Finally, one Action Network PRO system is supporting the Nets tonight. That system, entitled “NBA Playoffs: More Money on Favorites,” identifies favored teams with a net-positive difference between tickets and money. Historically, that system has a 61 percent win percentage and 20 percent return on investment. The Islanders enter this matchup as home underdogs, but it’s receiving quite a bit of attention from the betting community. We’ve tracked sharp action that has come in on the Islanders, which is 2-6-0 against the Penguins this season. Big money has shown for the Islanders as well, which has received 31 percent of all moneyline bets. However, that comes against 56 percent of the total handle for the Islanders. Those percentages also trigger a PRO system in favor of the hosts – the “Tickets vs. Money NHL Underdogs.” That system looks at underdogs with moneyline percentages under 45 percent with between a 15 and 30 percent discrepancy for the money percentage. Historically, that system has a 46 percent win rate, but a five percent return on investment.  The Devils moneyline opened at -135, but we’ve seen sharp action on the visitors that has seen it move to the current number. Additionally, virtually all the money is on New Jersey tonight, which also has a percentage discrepancy between tickets and money. At this writing, the Devils have seen 67 percent of all moneyline bets against 99 percent of the handle, which is tied with the Vegas Golden Knights for the largest money percentage today. Finally, there’s one PRO system supporting the Devils tonight. The “Well Rested Visiting Favorites” system targets non-playoff teams with three or four days off. Historically, that system has a 64 percent winning percentage and a 10 percent return on investment.