The Texas woman arrested for allegedly performing an “illegal” abortion on herself will not face charges, local prosecutors said Sunday. Lizelle Herrera, 26, was taken into custody Thursday in Rio Grand City in the southern part of the state near the border of Mexico after being reported by a local hospital. She was being held on a $500,000 bond in Starr County Jail. Local District Attorney Gocha Allen Ramirez announced Sunday that his office reached out to her counsel and explained that the  DA would be filing a motion to dismiss the indictment Monday. “In reviewing applicable Texas law, it is clear that Ms. Herrera cannot and should not be prosecuted for the allegation against her,” the DA wrote in a statement. “In reviewing this case, it is clear that the Starr County Sheriff’s Department did their duty in investigating the incident brought to their attention by the reporting hospital. To ignore this incident would have been a dereliction of their duty,” the top prosecutor added. Still, “prosecutorial discretion rests with the District Attorney’s office,” he added, saying it would be against his “oath” to do justice by prosecuting Herrera and instead will “immediately dismiss the indictment.” Herrera, 26, “did intentionally and knowingly cause the death of an individual by self-induced abortion.” a Starr County Sheriff’s office rep told KVEO TV on Friday. It was not immediately known how far along Herrera was in her pregnancy. The charges came seven months after Texas Gov. Greg Abbott signed controversial anti-abortion legislation banning abortions after six weeks. Another Texas law prohibits doctors and clinics from prescribing medications to induce abortions after the seventh week of pregnancy. “I really can’t imagine what they are going through right now,” family friend Romeo Gonzalez told The Post of Herrera and her kin. The DA echoed the sentiment, writing, “It is clear to me that events leading up to this indictment have taken a toll on Ms. Herrera and her family. To ignore this fact would be shortsighted.”