The first round of the 2022 NFL Draft was notable for what it included: Nine offensive linemen, six wide receivers and a record five defensive stars from the defending national champion Georgia Bulldogs. The first round was also notable for what it lacked: Only one quarterback was taken — Kenny Pickett to the Steelers at No. 20 — for the first time since 2013, no running backs or tight ends were selected for the first time since the common draft began in 1967, and 10 teams haven’t made a selection yet. Here are the 10 best available players entering Friday, when the second and third rounds will be held beginning at 7 p.m. Each player’s rank on The Post’s pre-draft Top 100 Big Board is included in parentheses. Cannon-armed dual-threat Auburn transfer who can be one of the NFL’s best runners at the position but needs development before big leap in competition. Boom-or-bust quarterback in a draft class rarely is the first one taken. Get the complete list of first-round 2022 NFL Draft picks, with analysis and more from the New York Post.  Doesn’t match up physically compared to others on this list so could get swallowed up unless his quick instincts help him beat blockers to the spot. Two-time Butkus Award winner as nation’s best linebacker in high school and college. Down year for a defense known for producing first-round talents, but good year for Booth. Tracks downfield throws and only committed one pass-interference penalty in three years. Guilty of over-pursuit and allowing yards after catch Led FBS with 1,572 rushing yards in 2020 and went for 1,472 as an encore. Size of a workhorse, hands of a third-down back and breakaway speed of a playmaker. Only 13 career starts and played less than half of the defensive snaps in breakout seven-sack senior season. A 38-inch vertical jump is good for batting down passes – and he looks comfortable dropping off the line. Posted a 44-6 record as a four-year starter. Arm strength and ball placement are questions. Work ethic and self-confidence are not. Ridder reportedly told teams he plans to beat out a veteran competitor as a rookie. Borderline top 10 pick based on upside before torn Achilles at Pro Day. Still raw despite 11-sack season, so missed time is a big deal. Only 20 career college games. Started playing at age 17, after moving from Europe. Produced (three 40-tackle seasons and 8.5 career sacks) despite constantly facing double teams on a team that went 4-32 in his career. Lost a full season due to COVID-19 cancellations. Showed ability to collapse pocket at Senior Bowl. Other half of arguably nation’s best cornerback tandem. One-year starter who didn’t sulk after losing a competition to Trent McDuffie earlier in career. Explosive athlete who can take chances and fall back on his speed to close gaps. Not a Kyle Pitts-type game-breaker. This class doesn’t have one. An in-line tight end with reliable hands in traffic over the middle. Led all FBS tight ends with 90 catches and 1,121 yards.