Australian swimmer Cody Simpson is opening up about the “compromises and sacrifices” he’s had to make in his personal life as he continues to chase his Olympic dreams. In a recent interview with The Sunday Telegraph, the pop star-turned-Olympic hopeful explained that as his training intensified ahead of the Tokyo Games, the 25-year-old had to make a decision about his months-long relationship with Miley Cyrus. “It’s something that not everyone gets, and that was part of the reason I had to end my past two previous relationships,” Simpson said, according to News.com.au. “The first one with Miley, I’d just started training towards the end of our relationship and it put me on a path where I realized I was going to go back to Australia if I was going to do it properly,” he continued. “I saw all these realizations that maybe it’s time to turn the page in a chapter.” First linked to Simpson in October 2019, Cyrus had separated from husband Liam Hemsworth two months prior. She also dated “The Hills: New Beginnings” alum Kaitlynn Carter briefly before getting together with Simpson. Simpson and Cyrus went their separate ways in August 2020. In the months following his split from Cyrus, Simpson — who most recently dated model Marloes Stevens — announced he had qualified for his first Olympic trials. “I’d love to share this personal milestone and let you in on my current journey as an athlete that I’ve kept relatively low key until now. Growing up competing, and then inevitably having to cut my career short as a 13 year old Australian champion when I received an opportunity in music that I couldn’t refuse,” Simpson posted on Instagram in December 2020. “Now almost exactly 10 years later, here I am poolside once more. For years I had been fuelled by the silent fire in my stomach of returning to the sport of swimming, with the idea that 2020 would be the year I’d try training again. After only 5 months back in the water with my incredible coach @hawkebr, I was able to qualify for next years Australian Olympic trials in the 100 fly.” Unfortunately, Simpson’s 2020 Olympic dreams were dashed after he failed to qualify for the Tokyo Games at the Australian Olympic Swimming Trials last June. He’s now looking ahead to the Paris Games in 2024. “I’m so psyched to get back to training,” Simpson posted on Instagram at the time. “See you in 3 years.”