Frank James, the deranged loner charged with a bloody attack on a Brooklyn subway train that injured 29 straphangers, was arraigned on a federal terrorism charge Thursday and ordered to remain behind bars without bail. James will also undergo a psychiatric evaluation. Federal prosecutors charged that James “terrifyingly opened fire” Tuesday on a train car in Sunset Park “in a way this city has not seen in more than 20 years. … And caused terror among the victims and our entire city.” James, 62, is accused of boarding a Manhattan-bound N train shortly before 8:30 a.m. Tuesday and hurling two smoke bombs into a crowded subway car before he opened fire with a Glock 9mm handgun, getting off 33 rounds. Ten of the wounded commuters were hit by gunfire — but none suffered fatal injuries. James had become increasingly unhinged in recent years, posting several bizarre and racist rants on YouTube blaming, among others, Mayor Eric Adams for his low station in life. According to a federal affidavit, James, a New York native who has lived in recent years in Milwaukee and Philadelphia, rented a room in a Philly townhouse for 15 days on March 28. He reserved a U-Haul cargo van on April 6 and picked it up Monday, crossing the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge around 4:10 a.m. Tuesday, the affidavit said. The FBI says he parked the van on Kings Highway — two blocks from the N train station on 36th Street — around 6:10 a.m., wearing an orange construction vest and lugging a large roller bag containing the weapon, ammunition, a hatchet and other items. Sources said he bought the gun at an Ohio pawn shop. He opened fire on the train around 8:26 a.m., and fled by jumping on a nearby R train when an MTA worker led panicked straphangers onto the second train. James allegedly got off at 25th Street and disappeared, prompting a massive manhunt that even saw the FBI and local cops raid his Philadelphia room early Wednesday. Later that day, James called Crime Stoppers and told cops where to find him, with police nabbing him near an East Village McDonald’s. Federal prosecutors immediately hit him with terrorism charges. Legal experts told The Post Wednesday that the federal terrorism charge, which carries harsher penalties, fits the case because James allegedly crossed state lines with intent to cause physical harm and used mass transportation in the attack.