As many as 9,000 Ukraine civilians could have been executed by Russian forces and buried in mass graves outside Mariupol, according to local leaders. Mariupol Mayor Vadym Boychenko revealed the grim development Thursday and called the site of the atrocities in the nearby village of Manhush “the new Babi Yar,” a reference to the Ukrainian Holocaust site where tens of thousands of Jews were killed in World War II. “Then Hitler killed Jews, Roma and Slavs. And now Putin is destroying Ukrainians. He has already killed tens of thousands of civilians in Mariupol,” Boychenko said Thursday, according to his city council. “This requires a strong reaction from the entire world. We need to stop the genocide by any means possible.” Boychenko accused Russian invaders of “hiding their war crimes” by digging huge trenches near Manhush, 12 miles west of Mariupol, and disposing of bodies there. Satellite photos of mass graves shared by Ukrainian media Thursday depict an eerily similar scene to the burial sites found outside Kyiv earlier this month. The new images could not immediately be verified. Meanwhile, Russia continued to shell humanitarian corridors in Mariupol Thursday, violating its cease-fire agreement and preventing residents from evacuating the strategically pivotal southern port city, according to officials. “No happy news out of Mariupol. Everything has been hard-going,” Ukrainian deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk wrote on Telegram. “On the Russian side, everything has been very difficult, chaotic, slow, and of course, dishonest.” “We apologize to the residents of Mariupol who did not get to be evacuated today. Shelling began at the evacuation point, which is why the humanitarian corridor had to be closed.” Vereshchuk did cite one development that “gave her hope.” Four buses were allowed to carry 79 residents out of Russian-controlled territory on Wednesday, she said. The news came as President Joe Biden allocated an additional $1.3 billion to Ukraine for weapons and economic aid. The money would go “directly to the front lines of freedom” and supplement the $13.6 billion the US has already pledged to help the country stave off its unprovoked invaders. In Moscow, Russia announced that Vice President Kamala Harris, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg and 27 other prominent Americans would be banned from entering Russia, a response to “ever-widening anti-Russian sanctions” from the Biden administration. At least one of the affected dignitaries said he considered the ban an honor. “I have to say it is nothing less than an accolade to earn the ire of a government that lies to its own people, brutalizes its neighbors and seeks to create a world where freedom and liberty are put on the run and, if they have their way, extinguished,” State Department spokesman Ned Price said. With AP wires