Julius Randle likely has played his final game for the Knicks this season. Anything beyond that point is to be determined. Randle (quad) was sidelined Saturday in a 119-101 loss to the Cavaliers, and coach Tom Thibodeau offered a bleaker forecast before tip-off than originally suggested Friday by the team when there was no plan to shut down the star forward. “He’s out [Sunday, too] and most likely will be out the rest of the way,” Thibodeau said. “He’s had this nagging thing going on for a while.” All of Randle’s numbers nose-dived after last season, when he was named Second-Team All-NBA and the league’s Most Improved Player. He is averaging 20.1 points, 9.9 rebounds and 5.1 assists in 72 games. The Knicks, who were officially eliminated from playoff contention on Thursday, finish out Sunday against the Magic, Wednesday against the Nets, Friday against the Wizards and next Sunday against the Raptors. “We’ve got a week to go and he’s not going to travel [to Orlando], and now we’re down to three games,” Thibodeau said. “If he feels great, then there may be the possibility [to return], but most likely where we are — just let him get healthy and go from there.” Randle’s four-year, $117 million contract extension signed last offseason will kick in next season. He denied reports earlier this week that he is seeking a trade after his relationship with the fan base took a turn for the worst this year and questions about his effort were raised. “I think he’ll have a great summer,” Thibodeau said in reference to Randle’s training. “Just knowing who he is.” Ryan Arcidiacono, who joined the Knicks in January, collected five points, two rebounds and an assist in 21 minutes. The fifth-year point guard’s season amounted to six points over 17 minutes in six games prior to Saturday. “He’s done a really good job in practice, so we want to see him out there,” Thibodeau said. “I thought he handled his minutes well.” RJ Barrett looked frustrated with the refs and in need of being held back by teammates at one point during his 4-for-18 shooting performance. Not so, said Obi Toppin. “We were joking about something,” Toppin said. “He wasn’t mad about anything. RJ’s good.” Thibodeau said he thought Barrett was fouled on two of his first three drives but didn’t get the calls. “There’s some calls that are 50/50 calls,” Thibodeau said. “You can’t let it impact your next drive or your next play. And sometimes I think the frustration comes if it’s called tight the other way and you get a cheap foul, and then that’s where the problems come in.” Evan Fournier had his 21st game of the season with at least three 3s while shooting 50 percent or better from behind the arc. That is tied with Carmelo Anthony for the third-most such games in a season in Knicks history, trailing only Allan Houston (24) and John Starks (22). Fournier finished with 19 points and shot 3-for-5 from deep.