DETROIT — The Yankees haven’t looked like world-beaters the past two nights. But the past two nights, they haven’t needed to be. They just needed to beat the Tigers. And that’s what they did, following up Tuesday night’s slog with a second straight win at Comerica Park, a 5-3 victory built on some timely hitting and a solid start from Luis Severino. “I think with games like this and in parks like this, you just need to scratch [out] runs,’’ Anthony Rizzo said. “Guys have been selfless with bunts and getting guys over, [playing] selfless baseball.” They’re getting better results than they did over the weekend, when they lost a series in Baltimore. On Wednesday, a single by the suddenly red-hot Isiah Kiner-Falefa gave the Yankees the lead in the seventh inning and the bullpen closed it — with Jonathan Loaisiga, Clay Holmes and Aroldis Chapman each tossing a scoreless inning. Severino allowed just one run over five innings, pitching in and out of trouble throughout the 88-pitch start. In the second, he gave up a leadoff double to Jeimer Candelario. An infield single by Miguel Cabrera gave Detroit runners on the corners and no out. Victor Reyes followed with a single to right that drove in Candelario to give the Tigers a 1-0 lead, but Cabrera was tagged out at third thanks to a strong throw from Giancarlo Stanton. Reyes was caught stealing by Kyle Higashioka for the second out, and Severino escaped more damage by getting Harold Castro to ground out. The Yankees went ahead in the third against Eduardo Rodriguez. Kiner-Falefa opened the inning with a double to left and Kyle Higashioka walked. After Aaron Hicks lined out sharply to first, Aaron Judge doubled to left, driving in Kiner-Falefa to tie the score and sending Higashioka to third. A slow roller from Rizzo knocked in Higashioka to put the Yankees ahead, 2-1 before Stanton struck out looking. Severino protected the lead, barely, in the fourth. The Tigers loaded the bases with one out on singles by Cabrera and Reyes, followed by a walk to Torekelson before Severino got a lineout to short from Castro then struck out Tucker Barnhart. Severino allowed seven hits and a pair of walks, but limited the damage — a key after the bullpen tossed 7 ¹/₃ scoreless innings in relief of Gerrit Cole on Tuesday. “I struggled through the whole five innings,’’ Severino said. “It was tough. … But I showed even when I don’t have my best stuff I can still get through a lineup.” The Yankees added to their advantage with one out in the sixth, when Rizzo hit his fourth homer of the season, this one to right field. But the Tigers tied it up against Chad Green in the bottom of the sixth. Candelario led off with a single and Cabrera followed with one of his own — hit No. 2,999 for his career — to open the inning before Green retired the next two batters. Castro delivered a two-out, two-run double to left-center to make it 3-3. The Yankees went ahead again in the seventh. Josh Donaldson walked and was replaced by pinch-runner Tim Locastro. Gleyber Torres bunted back to Drew Hutchison, who threw wildly to second, allowing Locastro to get to third. With runners on the corners, Kiner-Falefa sent an RBI single to center. “I’m just grinding,’’ said Kiner-Falefa, who is 9-for-18 after snapping a 1-for-17 slump. “I’m getting my confidence back. I forgot who I am and what I do, which is spray the ball all over.” The Yankees got an insurance run in the eighth. Rizzo hit a leadoff double, stole third and scored on a DJ LeMahieu fielder’s choice. Chapman came on and picked up a save for a second straight night.