As Johnny Depp’s sensational defamation trial against ex-wife Amber Heard slogs on, some social media sleuths have already declared a victor — and believe the defense may have as well in the latest bizarre conspiracy theory surrounding the case. Cultish Depp fans on TikTok are sharing now-viral footage of the “Lone Ranger” star during the flop film’s 2013 premiere in London — which appears to show a familiar-looking, camera-toting tourist gazing at Depp from behind a red carpet barricade. TikTok detectives have declared the star-struck gal bears a striking resemblance to none other than Heard’s lawyer, Elaine Bredhehoft. The embattled ex-lovers, who married and divorced between 2015 and 2016, have reunited in court as Depp, 58, accuses Heard, 35, of damaging his public reputation, and thus his career, when she wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post alluding to domestic abuse he’d allegedly caused. He’s asking the court to make the “Aquaman” star pony up $50 million in damages, plus legal fees in the amount of $350,000. Given the mountain of disturbing evidence already revealed in the Fairfax, Virginia, courtroom where the trial is still unfolding, it’s clear these two had a contentious relationship. Nevertheless, Depp devotees — many touting a #JusticeForJohnny hashtag, which has racked up 245.6 million views on TikTok as of Wednesday night — are so confident in his side of the story that some are now speculating that even Bredehoft may be in on ploy to prove his innocence. The TikToker who launched the super-fan conspiracy has alone garnered more than 11 million views in less than a week, and inspired an ongoing debate in the comments. “Even Amber’s team are on Johnny’s side,” quipped one viewer of the conspiracy about the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star’s theoretical plant in Heard’s legal defense team. “What if she is purposely doing bad, so that Johnny can win and she actually likes him?” another guessed. “I’m convinced she became her lawyer to see him,” said another snarky commenter. Those hoping to see Depp prevail felt emboldened by the dubious fan findings. “I cannot tell you how hard I laughed seeing this,” wrote one apparent supporter. “I really hope Amber sees this.” Allowing Bredehoft the benefit of the doubt, one viewer noted, “it doesn’t matter if she likes him or not. She was hired by Amber and it’s her job to defend her .”