The MLB season begins on Thursday with the New York Yankees hosting the Boston Red Sox. But before we get there, let’s talk about MLB futures bets for this season. More specifically, what players have significant value to win an award. Below you will see my predictions for each award, with one longshot pick with great odds added as well. However, each player has had questions about his overall ability to stay healthy or be consistent. You will notice that each player had an impressive prospect pedigree when coming up to the big leagues. Most of these MLB futures involve players around their third year in the big leagues who were extremely highly thought of prospects. Keep in mind, the player futures are mostly longshots, so it is especially important to bet responsibly. In 235 at-bats, Buxton hit 19 home runs, scored 50 runs, stole nine bases and hit .306 with a 1.005 OPS. If he had stayed healthy for the Minnesota Twins, Buxton would’ve challenged for the AL MVP award. Betting on his health here, which may be foolish. He has struggled to stay healthy during his career. Another star player, the Chicago White Sox’s Luis Robert, also was not healthy but still hit 13 home runs with 14 steals and a .338 batting average in 275 at-bats. Health is the only thing standing in these two players’ way. Favored last season, the Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts is a two-way star playing on the best lineup in baseball. The impressive roster of stars will still feature Betts, who was around +550 to win it going into last year. Look for a rebound season from Betts where he could run away with the award. Kopech missed some of the spring due to an illness but looked solid in his spring training debut for the White Sox on March 31. Moreover, Kopech was extremely productive for most of last season as a reliever. He had a few spot starts and looked excellent in those games. Jesus Luzardo is one of those guys with obscene hype coming into the big leagues. He was horrific last year for the Athletics and was traded to the Marlins. Perhaps a change of scenery is perfect for the young pitcher. In the Grapefruit League, Luzardo posted a 0.77 ERA, 1.03 WHIP and 10:3 K:BB through 11.2 innings. At 80:1, he has the longest odds here, but Luzardo may finally be ready to cash in on that pedigree.