Just when you thought spring cleaning and seasonal refreshes couldn’t get any better, Wayfair decided to enter the chat — and we welcome them with open arms. Each year, the must-have home retailer brings their already unbeatable prices down to all-time lows. What’s this event called you ask? It’s none other than Wayfair’s Way Day. This year’s festivities kick off on April 27 and go through April 28. During the Wayfair Way Day sale, everything ships free, you can save up to 80% off and limited-time flash deals happening left and right. But get this: you don’t have to wait until April 27 and 28 to get saving. Instead, you can head over to Wayfair right now and shop early Way Day deals spanning mattresses, rugs, air fryers and more. Ahead, find the top 5 early Way Day 2022 deals we are adding to our carts now. To shop the full lineup of early deals, click here. Choose from five colors and enjoy this rustic farmhouse TV stand. Made for TVs up to 70″ inches big, you’ll have more than enough space to decorate and display. Both cabinets also open to hide media players, while the shelves add the perfect amount of charm and practicality. A $12 carpet? Yes, please! Right now, you can score a 2’x3′ rectangle carpet for 78% off. If you need a larger sized carpet, opt for a size up to 9’3″x12’6″. Various colors, styles and shapes are also available. Get rid of unwanted pet hair with this lightweight, long corded vacuum cleaner. LED lights illuminate stains, the CleanShot Pretreater gets the tough messes out and the Express Clean Mode dries carpets in an hour or less. You can also score a $50 gift card with purchase. When you opt for this mattress, you say yes to medium support, cooling technology, low-motion transfer and breathable construction. We also love how this mattress comes in a box and expands to the wanted size and shape. Spring is here and summer is right around the corner. Prepare for all of those barbecues and that outdoor fun with this wicker patio set. Choose from six various cushion colors that are all water-resistant and enjoy a tough, steel frame. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.