Long Island’s “Little Devil” told her MS-13 boyfriend she “was really happy” she lured four men into a deadly ambush by machete-wielding gang members, according to a recording of a jailhouse call presented as evidence at her federal murder trial. Leniz Escobar’s disturbing caught-on-tape admission was obtained by The Post Thursday — as a jury in Central Islip federal court began weighing the 22-year-old woman’s fate. Escobar, who is on trial for murder and racketeering in the 2017 massacre, told beau Jeffery Amador she “f—ed” up because one intended victim escaped — but had no other regrets, according to Suffolk County Jail phone recordings. “So, why the f–k do you have to get involved in that s–t?” Amador snapped at Escobar in one call played in court. “What you’d get out of all this?” “Nothing,” Escobar answered. “I was gonna be happy. Because I was really happy. I’m telling you straight out, I was happy for this to happen.” “Yeah,” Amador said. “I know that you get excited with stuff like that, with crazy stuff, you know?” “Yeah,” she answered. “I was happy for that to happen.” Escobar — whose nickname is “Diablita,” or “Little Devil” — is accused of luring five men to a Central Islip park to smoke marijuana on April 11, 2017 — but prosecutors said she actually sent them into a trap. They said Escobar told the gang a few of the victims had “mocked” them by posting photos online showing them throwing down MS-13 hand symbols. Only one of the intended targets, Elmer Alexander Arteaga Ruiz, escaped — and lived to take the stand against Escobar at her trial. On the day after the April 11, 2017, slayings, Escobar told her boyfriend that the victims “took the train last night,” but that one of them “missed the train.” “I don’t know how it is that he missed the train when all five were served on a silver platter,” Amador replied, according to a recording of the call. “Exactly,” Escobar said. “He got away from them. Better yet, it was a mistake,” adding that if the fifth victim had been slaughtered, “everything here would be cool.” “My head is blank, yo,” Amador said during the calls. “My mind is blank. I don’t know what the f–k, yo. If, if the train had just taken them all.” “If that happened, yo, everything would be cool,” Escobar answered. She told her boyfriend she had to get rid of her car and her clothes, because “there’s stuff on my clothes,” and feared the cops would come for her. Escobar described how one slay victim who “was already fading came to kneel before me” during the brutal attack “to see if I’d help him,” according to the recording. “He touched me and spoke,” she said. “He told me something … And what could I have done? Nothing.” Prosecutors said during closing arguments Wednesday that Escobar even “licked the blood off her lips” after the ambush. Escobar also allegedly admitted to Amador that “I did everything” to set up the ambush. “I brought them there. I did everything.” Amador expressed anger that she got involved in the gang’s activities. But Escobar told Amador the MS-13 members who carried out the attack were part of “another family,” suggesting a different faction of the bloody gang took part. Amador remained angry with his troubled girlfriend at the end of the final call, which was played in court. “I wish you the best,” he told her. “Because if something happens, you f—ed up your life and you f—ed up my life. You f—ed up mine because I won’t have you in the future. “And yours for yourself, you know?” he added. “You f—ed up but I love you.” Escobar was arrested following the calls and went on trial last month. Her lawyer, Jesse Siegel, maintained that Escobar did not know the victims would be ambushed. Asked about the telephone calls, Siegel told reporters that “when she made those statements she was not saying what was true.” “She was saying what she needed to say to her boyfriend who was in jail at the time, who was a member of MS-13.” The jury stopped deliberating at around 4:30 p.m. Thursday and sent a note saying the panel was “substantially” in agreement but needed more time. Deliberations will continue on Monday morning.