Johnny Depp is keeping himself entertained during his heated defamation hearing against ex-wife Amber Heard — by drawing intricate portraits on Post-it notes. The “Pirates of the Caribbean” actor, 58, was captured Tuesday in a now-viral TikTok passing the impromptu courtroom sketch to his attorney, Benjamin Chew, on day nine of the trial in Fairfax, Virginia. A TikTok fan, who declared themselves to be on “#TeamJohnny,” posted the video on Tuesday, and it has garnered more than 4 million views in under 18 hours. The Post-it note appears to feature a doodle of a woman, although it remains unclear at this time. In the video, Depp’s attorney takes out his eyeglasses to get a closer look at the artwork as the actor, seated next to him, whispers in his ear. After examining the courthouse drawing, Depp’s attorney nods approvingly and holds his hand to his heart, then points at his client. Meanwhile, the “Edward Scissorhands” actor smiles wide, seemingly proud of his Post-it portrait. Depp didn’t stop there, though. On Wednesday in court, the “Ed Wood” actor was seen drawing yet again, this time coloring figure drawings purple and pink as he waited for the jury to arrive. Depp’s Picasso moment happened early on during proceedings Tuesday, as the court was waiting for witness Tara Roberts, Depp’s island estate manager, to connect via video with Judge Penney Azcarate. Roberts testified that in 2013, she recalled Depp “was passed out on the beach” in front of his kids, according to her statements. Depp is suing Heard, 36, for $50 million, claiming he was the victim of domestic violence in their relationship and was “broken” by the time their marriage fell apart. Tuesday saw the jury watching nearly two hours of a prerecorded deposition. In the video, LAPD Officer Melissa Saenz was seen testifying that she and her partner determined no crime had been committed during a May 21, 2016 domestic call to the “Aquaman” actress’s penthouse that she shared with Depp. Heard’s attorney questioned 12-year-officer Saenz’s and her partner’s response to the call, in which they didn’t take notes or photos because they had found Heard uncooperative. Saenz said there had been no signs of domestic violence. The “Donnie Brasco” actor completed his testimony on Monday in what was a tense day in court. Depp’s defamation allegations are in connection with a 2018 Washington Post op-ed penned by Heard in which she called herself a victim of domestic violence, but did not name Depp outright. Heard filed a countersuit against Depp for $100 million. Testimony about the actors’ private lives has shocked fans in recent days, as Heard and Depp paint a picture of their tumultuous marriage in the courtroom. Depp’s fourth day on the witness stand gave an inside look at their divorce fallout. The day ended with his attorneys playing audio from a 2016 conversation with Heard in a San Francisco hotel room, a year before their divorce was finalized in 2017. The audio played to the courtroom included the “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas” actor suggesting the couple issue a joint statement about their love for one another as a “peaceful settlement.” However, Heard responded that he should tell the world about his alleged abuse. “Tell the world, Johnny,” she said. “Tell them I, Johnny Depp — a man — I’m a victim, too, of domestic violence.” Another clip played by Heard’s lawyer, Ben Rottenborn, included Depp calling her a “c – – t” and saying, “Shut up, fat ass.” In one shocking audio clip, Depp can be heard threatening to cut himself with a knife. “That’s psychologically, emotionally where I was,” he told the court. “At the end, I was broken . . . I thought the only answer is here, take my blood, that’s all I’ve got left.”