The Senate voted 53-47 Monday night to advance Ketanji Brown Jackson’s nomination to the Supreme Court following an 11-11 tie in the Judiciary Committee after California Democratic Sen. Alex Padilla’s travel issues forced a dramatic delay. Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Mitt Romney of Utah joined all 50 Democrats in voting to discharge Jackson’s nomination to the Senate floor for a final vote later this week. Romney and Murkowski also said in statements that they would vote to confirm Jackson – joining Collins, who announced her stance last week. Jackson’s nomination, which Democrats could confirm even without Republican support, was cast into turmoil earlier Monday by Padilla’s inability to reach Washington in time for a committee vote, which forced the panel to take an unplanned three-hour break. Padilla arrived just before a 5 p.m. deadline established by arcane Senate rules for the committee to finish its hearing. The freshman senator’s Sunday night flight to DC was forced to turn around due to a medical emergency on board, committee chairman Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said as he recessed the panel to await Padilla’s arrival. “It could have happened to any one of us,” Durbin said. “One of our colleagues, Senator Padilla, got on the overnight special out of Los Angeles last night. It took off and a medical emergency on the airplane forced them back to Los Angeles.” Durbin added that Padilla “was stranded and unable to return… so we will have a chance to assemble with his presence.” The unusual open-ended recess was an embarrassing hitch in the hearings, and left Senate Democrats with less time to fulfill their goal of confirming Jackson before taking an Easter recess at the end of this week. Padilla, who was appointed last year by Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom to replace Vice President Kamala Harris, “thought he’d done everything right,” Durbin said, adding “I know it troubles him and pains him not to be here.” When Padilla arrived in the hearing room, he eschewed his allotted 10 minutes of speaking time so the committee could proceed directly to the vote on Jackson. “We’re glad you made it,” Durbin greeted his colleague. “I know it was a harrowing journey, starting late last night, and we’re glad you’re here.” Earlier in Monday’s meeting, Republicans took turns expressing concern about Jackson’s judicial philosophy and her approach to criminal sentencing, including in child porn cases, and noted a late-breaking controversy about a rapist who received a light prison term for failing to register as a sex offender before reoffending. By contrast, Democrats praised Jackson, including for her temperament in handling GOP criticism during more than 20 hours of questioning. “If there’s one positive to take away from these attacks on her, it’s that the nation saw the temperament of a good, strong person ready to serve on the highest court in the land,” Durbin said. Monday’s vote was the first Judiciary Committee tie on a Supreme Court nominee since Clarence Thomas in 1991. The committee, chaired by then-Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware, ultimately voted to send Thomas’ nomination to the Senate without a recommendation and he was eventually confirmed. Jackson received no Republican support in the committee after Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), the only Republican panelist to back her nomination to the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit last year, confirmed last week he would vote against her. Graham complained bitterly about Biden’s decision to nominate Jackson instead of J. Michelle Childs, a federal judge in South Carolina. House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn (D-SC) and Graham campaigned for Childs, but left-wing groups blasted her as too friendly toward corporations, derailing her candidacy. “Radical leftist groups have pledged to spend over a million dollars supporting [Jackson’s] nomination while they demanded the Biden White House pick the furthest left, the most extreme nominee,” said Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas). Cruz claimed that “the odds are virtually 100%” that Jackson would vote “to take away the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms of every individual” and to “take away the free speech rights of Americans to participate in the political process,” as well as “to strike down every single reasonable restriction on abortion across the country.” Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) slammed Jackson for what he called “examples of activism bleeding over in her decisions,” and said, “I have concerns that Judge Jackson will be pinch-hitting for one team or the other.” Cornyn also accused Jackson of showing a “lack of candor” when deflecting inquiries about her judicial philosophy. “Judge Jackson has a marvelous legal education. She’s a charming person, she has vast practical experience — something I think was a real plus, having served as a public defender, a federal district judge and a circuit court judge and not just an academician,” the Texan said. “Someone of her impressive caliber surely has a judicial philosophy, but maybe she just didn’t want to talk about it.” Democrats defended Jackson, with Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) saying, “let’s not pretend that a judicial philosophy is a neutral thing as a tool. And when a judge says he or she has one, it’s worth looking into. But that doesn’t mean you have to have one.” If confirmed, Jackson will become the first black woman to serve on the high court, though she would not alter the current 6-3 conservative majority. Biden nominated Jackson to replace the retiring Justice Stephen Breyer in February after he vowed during the 2020 campaign — at Clyburn’s urging — to pick a black woman as his first Supreme Court nominee.