After over two years hidden away, it’s finally time to flash a smile in time for summer. Teeth whitening may not have been a priority over the past couple years, whereas coffee and red wine were. And now that you can flash a smile you may have some stains or yellowing that need to be addressed — especially as the mask mandate lifts in many states. If your chompers aren’t ready for the limelight because they are a lemony-yellow hue, keep reading. SmileDirectClub conducted a survey on what Americans are looking forward to as masks come off, and their results were pretty on the nose with what you’d expect. Conducted by OnePulse Survey, they found that nearly 60% of the respondents are looking forward to seeing peoples’ smiles again and 87% had a desire for whiter teeth. But what exactly is teeth whitening anyway, on a scientific level? We asked dentists to weigh in on that, and also recommend some products, too. As who better to consult your teeth than a dentist, right? “Through the use of different oxygen molecule peroxides such as hydrogen peroxide and carbamide peroxide you can remove stubborn stains from the teeth,” explained Dr. Kevin Sands, DDS. “When the oxygen molecules interact with surface stains they react by breaking apart the chemical bonds that hold the stain to your enamel.” Sands is a dentist to the stars, so to speak, with celebrity clients such as Kim Kardashian, Lana Del Rey, Jojo Siwa, Anastasia Karanikolaou, Tyga and more. If you can’t make it out to his Beverly Hills practice however, he did let us in on some favorite products and other helpful tips. “For those that wish to whiten their teeth at home, I would recommend you brush your teeth before applying any whiteners to ensure that you are removing any plague from your day and prepping the area properly,” advised Sands. Dr. Lauren Becker, DDS, also weighed in, via email from her practice in Manhattan. Obviously the best results will come from a professional treatment, but there are some tips for getting your pearly whites to stay, well, white. “I suggest drinking light or clear liquids so that the stains on the teeth loosen easier. Also avoid acidic beverages like juices, sodas or dark sauces like soy sauce and ketchup,” said Becker. “Instead of whiskey or red wine for alcohol, I recommend that my patients enjoy white wine, vodka or tequila as alternatives. Since I’m a cool dentist and know how to have a good time, instead of cutting out alcohol all together, I suggest options that are lighter in color.” “One product I recommend for an at-home whitening kit is Crest 3D Whitening Strips. These strips are safe to use and will effectively remove 10+ years of stains,” said Sands. These are also easy to shop, as they are sold on Amazon and frequently go on sale, saving you a few bucks and taking off years of stains. Another win for Crest, here. Dr. Becker recommends this Amazon find for at-home whitening, making it easy to maintain your smile from home. “White strips can be bulky, annoying and require consistency and time while all this requires is the two minutes that you should already be brushing your teeth,” said Becker. “The Step 1 cleanser helps remove plaque while helping prevent sensitivity. Step 2 contains peroxide — the active bleaching agent in any whitening product — and helps whiten and brighten.” Dr. Becker also recommends this toothpaste as a great one if a whiter smile is what you are after. This one is sold in a pack of four so you won’t run out too quickly, although you should be brushing twice a day — doctor’s orders if you want to maintain that healthy white glow. “Teeth whitening varies depending on the patient and how well they maintain their teeth. A fair amount of my patients like to professionally whiten their teeth when they have their cleanings, every six months,” explained Becker. After a year of neglect, dedicate this next year to your teeth. SmileDirectClub has a whitening kit packed with enough pens for a full year of white teeth. The kit also comes with the LED whitening accelerator light to use in conjunction with the gel to remove tough stains. Kiss your yellow goodbye with this complete kit from Spotlight Oral Care. The set of whitening products packs a serious punch, with five different elements in the bundle to help you feel sparkly and new. The set comes with the Spotlight Teeth-Whitening Strips and Teeth Whitening Pen to get them to your desired shade, toothpaste for whitening teeth and toothpaste for sensitive teeth to keep them that way and a Comforting Gum Oil to soothe any discomfort while whitening. We know it’s summer, but care for a little snow? Snow Teeth Whitening Kit is here to help remove stains and bring your bright smile back to life. The kit comes with the LED whitening acceleration light as well as three wands of the whitening serum and one with an extra-strength formula for really tough spots. Colgate is a household name for toothpaste, but have you heard of this new line? Our editors have, as one was lucky enough to review it herself. The before and after photos speak for themselves, but check out the review here and then get your own kit while still on sale. Yes, you read that price right. As part of Laughland’s anniversary sale, get the whole whitening kit bundle for just $9 instead of the original $100. The kit includes the a LED light and a flexible monthly refill subscription of the whitening formula. Zimba is here to provide peroxide-free whitening powder at your fingertips, day and night. The white minty powder for day and the black charcoal powder for nighttime are part of an amazing duo of products from Zimba, now packaged up in one bundle. Simply dip the included toothbrush in water and then into the powder and brush as normal, then rinse, spit and watch stains and plaques get swept down the drain. The Rembrandt One Week Whitening Kit is a game-changer in fast at-home teeth whitening, coming with 14 days of strips but with results in just seven, according to the box. Sold on Amazon, the 28-strip pack is also affordable, making a nice white smile an option for all. This one is as easy as it gets. If you don’t want to deal with gels or strips, check out this pen by the trusted toothpaste company. Colgate’s Overnight Whitening Pen is super easy to use; simply dry your teeth off after a good brush, paint on the serum with the pen and then head to bed. Do this for a full week and then flash a smile. If you keep up with the Kardashians, you probably already know about this one. Moon with Kendall Jenner now has an easy-to-use whitening pen that has a yummy flavor to boot. Sold at Ulta Beauty, the vanilla mint pen can be painted onto teeth and just needs to dry for 30 seconds before closing your mouth. Wait another 30 minutes before eating or drinking, but that’s all you need to do, twice a day for two weeks. Say hello to whiter teeth and a better planet, while you’re at it. The tiny toothpaste tablets from Hello are a great alternative to whitening toothpaste, avoiding the frustration of leaving the tube half full and also eliminating unnecessary waste in landfills. The antiplaque and whiting variety keep teeth clean and shiny, plus the chewable tabs are fun to use in your new brushing routine. If you like strips the best to get rid of teeth stains, check these out. The Burst brand has adorable smiles on the package, making you want to flash yours even more. They are coconut flavored, too, trading in any medicinal taste for one reminiscent of the beach. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.