President Biden believes his son Hunter did nothing illegal while involved in controversial and highly lucrative business dealings in Ukraine and China and is allowing the Justice Department to carry out its investigation unimpeded, the White House chief of staff said Sunday. “Of course the president’s confident that his son didn’t break the law. But, most importantly, as I said, that’s a matter that’s going to be decided by the Justice Department, by the legal process,” Ron Klain said on ABC News’ “This Week.” “It’s something that no one at the White House has involvement in.” But ABC’s George Stephanopoulos pressed Klain on a report in the Washington Post last week that said a Chinese energy conglomerate paid Hunter Biden and the president’s brother, James, $4.8 million over a 14-month period. Stephanopoulos asked Klain if the White House is positive that no ethical lines were crossed. “The president is confident that his family did the right thing,” Klain responded. “But, again, I want to just be really clear, these are actions by Hunter and his brother. They’re private matters. “They don’t involve the president. And they certainly are something that no one at the White House is involved in.” The Washington Post finally confirmed the New York Post’s reporting from well over a year ago that Hunter Biden left behind a laptop at a computer repair shop in Delaware in April 2019 containing a hard drive and a trove of e-mails detailing the younger Biden’s foreign business deals. The New York Times recently confirmed the New York Post’s report, too. The laptop documents provided the basis for a series of exposes that the New York Post published in October 2020 about Hunter Biden’s interests in China and Ukraine, where he was paid up to $50,000 a month to sit on the board of Burisma, a Ukrainian energy company, despite having no qualifications while his father was vice president. After the New York Post published the first of its stories about Hunter Biden, 51 former US intelligence officials warned that the information on the hard drive might be misinformation from the Russians intended to influence the 2020 election. But the Washington Post’s story said financial documents were found on the laptop that matched records and other documents obtained in an investigation by Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Ron Johnson (R-Wisc.). The Washington Post and the Times also confirmed that federal investigations are continuing into allegations of tax fraud and Hunter Biden’s foreign relationships. In an interview Sunday, Johnson accused the mainstream media of hiding Hunter Biden’s business dealings to protect his father before the presidential election. “They covered it up,” Johnson said on Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures.” “​And, as a result, they got Joe Biden elected. Now they continue to cover up for him. But, no, this is troubling. No​,​ we have actual bank records that verify what we reported back in September 2020 is true. The laptop is obviously a treasure trove of additional corroborating evidence as well​,” the senator said. He also said e-mails on the laptop about the “big guy” ​meeting with Burisma executives ​clearly refer to the president. There is a “contemporaneous e-mail that’s been verified that ​’​big guy​’​ was Joe Biden. There’s plenty of evidence that Joe Biden met [with the execs], because there are photographs of him meeting with Hunter Biden’s business partners. He repeatedly lied to the American public that he said he never, ever discussed Hunter Biden’s overseas business deals with Hunter” Johnson said of the president Last week, a group of Republicans on the House Oversight Committee sent letters to the White House and National Archives and Records Administration to demand documents of communications between Hunter Biden and the Obama White House when his father was vice president, and well as during the first year of the Biden administration.