For love or money. A glamorous young model from North Carolina has fallen for a wealthy blackjack player 40 years her senior — but insists his big bank account wasn’t a drawcard. Willow Sias, 23, matched with David Simonini, 63, on Tinder two months ago and is head over heels, which she documents on Instagram. “He was my first and only Tinder date,” Sias told Jam Press. “We fell in love within an hour.” Despite the fact Simonini is old enough to be her father, the stunning blond said they have similar “vibes” — and ignore the haters on social media. “We’re like mirrors – our energies mesh really well together and we even eat the same things, which is crazy,” she cooed. Simonini was born when Eisenhower was president, while Sias was still in diapers in the year 2000, but the unlikely couple said they share lots of common interests, including partying and a love of fine dining. And while Sias said her beau’s cash isn’t important, he is already showering her with lavish gifts — including a $175,000 sports car. “He recently bought me a Mercedes AMG as a ‘Happy Thursday’ present, so he really spoils me to death,” the blond beauty gushed. “He makes sure I’m taken care of, comfortable and don’t need anything, which is really big for me,” she added. “I need that kind of stability and security in my life at this point.” Simonini isn’t the first older man Sias has dated. Just months before they matched, the stunner was involved with a gentleman in his forties. “I liked him too much and got scared, so I ghosted him,” Sias told Jam Press. “I’m glad I did, because this led me to David.” A loved-up Sias said her parents approve of her new romance, as do most of her friends. However, she admitted some pals say Siminoni is her “sugar daddy,” and people on TikTok are even harsher. The couple has documented their romance on the social media site, where cruel trolls have chimed in with nasty comments. But Sias said she pays no mind to her haters. “I’ve been an influencer on social media since I was about 12, so I’ve been around the block and know a thing or two already,” she declared. “I don’t know any of these people and if I did they’re not people whose opinions I care about on this matter.”