Hunter Biden once met with a controversial Russian oligarch who’s been sanctioned by the UK over the deadly invasion of Ukraine — but hasn’t faced any punishment from the US. An itinerary for a three-day visit to the US by billionaire Vladimir Yevtushenkov shows a breakfast scheduled with President Biden’s son at the swank Ritz-Carlton hotel near Central Park from 9 to 10 a.m. on March 14, 2012, investigative journalist Vicky Ward revealed on her Substack account Wednesday. The Russian-language document was reportedly stored on a computer server at Sistema, the business conglomerate Yevtushenkov founded in 1993. It was copied by a former Sistema insider who was “concerned by what it shows,” Ward wrote. A spokesman for Sistema confirmed to The Post on Friday that the meeting took place and said it was “among a number of other meetings as part of a routine business trip to the US to scout potential investment opportunities.” “There was no follow-up from the meeting and Mr. Yevtushenkov has not met or had any contact with Hunter Biden since then,” the spokesman said in an email. The meeting was held while Biden’s dad was vice president. Joe Biden has denied any knowledge of, or involvement with, his scandal-scarred son’s business dealings, which are the subject of a federal grand jury probe in Delaware. The London Stock Exchange suspended trading of shares in Sistema on March 4 in response to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine. The company’s shares are now traded on the Moscow Stock Exchange, where they were selling Friday afternoon for less than 13 rubles each, down from a 52-week high of 34.42. Yevtushenkov, whose mansion in London’s posh Holland Park neighborhood has been picketed by pro-Ukrainian protesters, was personally sanctioned by Britain on April 13. In response, he officially gave up control of Sistema by reducing his stake in the company to 49.2% by transferring 10% ownership to his son. In 2018, two members of Congress called on the US Treasury and State departments to investigate Yevtushenkov over allegations that his “companies have been involved in large-scale investment and construction projects in the Crimea region of Ukraine that has been illegally occupied and annexed by the Russian Federation.” Then-US Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Florida) and Mark Walker (R-North Carolina) also cited allegations that the Sistema-owned Mobile TeleSystems company “has been engaging in corrupt business practices involving the government of Uzbekistan.” In 2019, MTS agreed to pay a criminal fine and forfeiture totaling $850 million to settle probes by the Department of Justice and the Securities Exchange Commission into bribery allegations involving a former subsidiary in Uzbekistan. Sistema denies any investment activity in Crimea, its spokesman said. Yevtushenkov hasn’t been sanctioned by the US, according to searchable records on the Treasury Department website. Online reports, including one cited in a secret US government cable posted online by Wikileaks, have said he is married to the sister of Russian billionaire Elena Baturina, the widow of ousted Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov. But Sistema’s spokesman said that while Yevtushenkov’s wife has the same name as Baturina’s sister, they are two different women, adding: “Vladimir Yevtushenko is not related to Elena Baturina, and never has been.” In 2014, Baturina wired $3.5 million for a “consultancy agreement” with an investment firm co-founded by Hunter Biden, according to a report released by Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) in 2020. A lawyer for Hunter Biden, George Mesires, has denied that his client co-founded the company Rosemont Seneca Thornton and said that “the claim that he was paid $3.5 million is false.” Baturina, who’s worth an estimated $1.4 billion, has also gone unsanctioned, which last week led House Republicans to demand that Treasury Department Janet Yellen say whether Russia’s second-richest woman was “being treated differently” because of her alleged ties to the first son. Hunter Biden’s lawyer Chris Clark declined to comment. Neither the White House nor the Treasury Department responded to email inquiries.