The Jets’ quest for a star wide receiver took an interesting turn Wednesday. Deebo Samuel, the 49ers’ All-Pro receiver, told ESPN he has asked the team to trade him. Whether the 49ers concede to his request remains to be seen, but you can be sure the Jets would be at the front of the line if Samuel does become available. The Jets are very familiar with Samuel, as head coach Robert Saleh, offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur and several other members of the coaching staff came from San Francisco. The Jets also have the draft capital to offer the 49ers and the cap space to sign Samuel long term. Despite Samuel’s request, a source said Wednesday that the Jets do not believe the 49ers will trade the disgruntled star. The trade request came a few weeks after Samuel scrubbed any mention of the 49ers from his Instagram account, unfollowed the team and removed photos of himself in a 49ers uniform. He also failed to show up for the start of the team’s voluntary offseason program this week. Samuel is entering the final year of his rookie contract, which calls for him to be paid $3.9 million this season. There has been talk of a contract extension, but it was reported this week that Samuel has been unwilling to negotiate a new deal. The Jets have four picks in the top 38 and nine picks overall in the NFL draft next week. The 49ers do not own a first-round pick and could use a Samuel trade to get into the first round. The NFL Network reported on Wednesday that Samuel has been unhappy with the way the 49ers used him last year, specifically how much he was used as a running back. The 26-year-old Samuel had 1,405 receiving yards last season, fifth in the NFL. He led the league with 18.2 yards per reception. He also ran for 365 yards and had 14 total touchdowns and was named first-team All-Pro. San Francisco used him as a running back more as last season went on. He broke Jerry Rice’s franchise record for the most receiving yards in the first seven games of a season with 44 catches for 819 yards and four touchdowns. But Samuel had an average of 6.6 carries per game and 3.5 catches per game in Weeks 10-18. The Jets have been searching for a top receiver to help second-year quarterback Zach Wilson. They inquired about Amari Cooper, DK Metcalf and A.J. Brown this offseason and were close to landing Tyreek Hill from the Chiefs before Hill opted for the Dolphins instead. Wide receiver salaries have taken off this offseason. The Raiders gave Davante Adams. $28.5 million per year after trading for him and the Dolphins gave Hill a contract that averages $30 million per year. Stefon Diggs also got a big-money extension from the Bills, and the Jaguars handed Christian Kirk a four-year, $72 million contract in free agency. The 49ers have said they are committed to paying both Samuel and star pass rusher Nick Bosa long-term. “Like I’ve long said, those guys are going to be a part of us for a long, long time,” 49ers general manager John Lynch said last month at the owner’s meetings. “They’re fantastic players. They’re very much at the core of who we are, and they’re fabulous players, fabulous people and a big part of who we are.” If the Jets do not land Samuel or another receiver via a trade, they are expected to use one of their first-round picks on a receiver. Ohio State’s Garrett Wilson, USC’s Drake London and Alabama’s Jameson Williams are all possibilities.