Warm weather is upon us so you’re probably wondering why we’re telling you to buy an outdoor heater, ahead of summer. Let’s be real, patio heaters will definitely come in handy more times in the winter and fall. But unless you live in Arizona, it still gets chilly during summer nights when temperatures drop. For those times, we recommend investing in an outdoor heater. Since the market for outdoor heaters is pretty up and down, we wanted to curate this list of the best options online. Whether you’re looking for an electric outdoor heater, a heater with a propane tank or a small and portable option, we rounded up the best outdoor heaters to make your time spent outside that much more enjoyable. Find options from Amazon, Target, Walmart, Frontgate and more. While we’re on the topic of revamping your outdoor oasis, it may be time to upgrade your pool float collection, outdoor furniture, or a new beach umbrella. If you’re looking for an electric outdoor heater, consider the Briza Infrared Patio Heater that’s currently on sale for $250. The infrared rays emitted are easily absorbed by the items in your surroundings which gently increase the temperature in your space unlike other heaters that may unevenly distribute heat. The Permasteel electric patio heater is ideal for those who may not have a ton of surface area because it’s so thin. It also uses infrared heating which gravitates toward objects and people instead of the surrounding air. It’s on wheels so it’s easy to move, too. Frontgate’s Commercial Patio Heater has an output of 46,000 BTUs and will take the chill out of any cool evenings so you can relax and enjoy the outdoors in comfort. It’s designed with wheels for easy portability, a wide base for stability and uses a standard 20 pound LPG tank (not included). This Hampton Bay heater is made with high-quality stainless steel so it’s extra durable and should last you many years to come. Although it is refurbished, it is tested and certified to look and work like brand new. Reduce your energy bills by using this energy efficient office small outdoor heater to warm up your space The electric outdoor heater adopts innovative PTC technology and has an ultra-long cord (89 inches)! This is the perfect outdoor heating solution for portable patio heating, garage heating, workshop heating, or job site heating. This tripod-heater combination package saves you money and gives you ultimate flexibility with your heating needs. By installing the tradesman heater onto the Tripod, you can bring your heater anywhere. The rubber feet on the bottom give optimal stability, too. The UIXE 41,000 BTU patio heater is unique in shape and adopts double-layer tempered glass structure, which can, of course, withstand high temperature flames. The internal high-quality metal structure frame makes the heater more durable. This indoor and outdoor infrared heater offers safe, clean, instant and odorless carbon infrared heat, providing you with maximum comfort during chillier climates. It also offers three heat output settings 900W, 1200W and 1500W to meet your needs and is made with durable and weather proof anodized aluminum for years of outdoor use. If you’re willing to spend a little extra cash, consider this Sundry propane patio heater from Frontgate. The burner and reflector are crafted with durable stainless steel and aluminum set in a glass tube to help evenly diffuse the heat. It puts out 50,000 BTUs and warms up to 6 feet. The 25% off sale kicks in at checkout. This Portable Outdoor Propane Patio Heater from Target has 47,000 BTU and a beautiful antique looking finish that will last for many years. If you don’t have a ton of space or would rather not invest a ton of money quite yet, a small, portable heater is the way to go. This tabletop, propane option from Amazon only weighs 14 pounds (and uses a one pound tank) so it’s lightweight and super easy to carry. It will keep you warm for about 2 hours but if you need more time to stay warm, you can always buy a converter to connect a 20 pound propane tank. The Mr. Heater portable, outdoor space heater is great for outdoor enthusiasts. It can increase temperatures in enclosed spaces up to 225 square feet so it’s ideal for tents, campers, garages, barns, a hunting blind or tailgating. It has a high and low setting, a folding carry handle and just one knob to control it all. For more online recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.