Many people dream of living on a yacht and traveling the world — but this is just everyday life for one 24-year-old woman. Emery Wallerich, a yacht stewardess based in Florida, makes nearly $5,000 a month working for wealthy clients, and has visited seven countries so far on the job. Emery told Insider how she heard about yacht stewardessing during her last year of college and didn’t hesitate to sign up when she graduated. She was 22 at the time and was excited that her accommodation, food, and even toiletries are completely free, meaning she could start saving alongside the job. Part of her daily tasks involve making beds, serving and drinks, bringing out sun cream and towels, running the karaoke night and cleaning the bathrooms and rooms. She is currently working for a family on their 141-foot, three-level yacht, which is based out of South Florida but is sailing around the Caribbean and will head to the Mediterranean later this year. Although she’s currently in a more permanent job, she’s had other temporary postings that lasted between three weeks and six months. She said: “I’m the second stewardess on board, working with the chief stewardess and third stewardess. “Along with the chef, we make up the staff taking care of the yacht’s interior.” While Emery can make between $4,200 to $5,000 per month, she claimed chief stewardesses can rake in $100,000 per year and some captains can rake in $360,000. Emery said she covers the “late shift” and goes to bed when the family does, which is typically around 1 or 2 a.m. After an eight-hour sleep, she is back up working, and she helps run the luxury lunch and dinner service. Also on board is a chief officer, the captain, the deck hand, the bosun (the deck hand’s boss), and an engineer. Unsurprisingly, her TikTok videos featuring her enviable life have racked up a legion of followers — currently over 337,000. Her account also earns her small payments through the TikTok Creator Fund. She added: “If it sounds like a dream job, it is. Next stop: the British Virgin Islands.” This story originally appeared on the Sun and was reproduced here with permission.