BOSTON — That wasn’t one small step in Ben Simmons’ rehab, but several giant leaps — cleared for contact and going straight to four-on-four work. It bodes well for Simmons in his race to debut for the Nets this season. He hasn’t had a full practice since being acquired on Feb. 10 at the cost of James Harden; but after his bad back came through Monday pain-free enough to do scripted work Tuesday, the All-Star can finally see light at the end of this long tunnel. “[Monday] was his first day of contact,” Nets coach Steve Nash said after Tuesday’s practice at Harvard. “[Monday] was his first day of contact, played with some teammates. He’s making progress, but there’s no real update. We’ll just see how he responds and see if he’s able to do more contact [Wednesday].” The Nets ostensibly had Monday off after Sunday’s gut-wrenching first-round Game 1 loss to the Celtics. But Simmons — who has been dealing with a herniated L-4 disc — finally went four-on-four with the so-called ‘stay-ready’ group, and came through it none the worse for wear. “Good. He felt fine,” Nash. “Yeah, so far so good. I think he managed [Monday’s] activity well.” Simmons just went five-on-none on Tuesday, running through plays. “Just, walk-through really. I haven’t seen him explode or play against anybody,” said Kevin Durant, adding “I’ve been hearing good reports.” While Simmons won’t play in Wednesday’s Game 2 at TD Garden, Nash was noncommittal about Saturday’s Game 3 at Barclays Center. “I wouldn’t be able to say anything about that, because I’m not even sure how he’s going to get through these weeks,” Nash said. “We have to also consider it’s a nine-month absence or whatever it is, so it’s not like he’s just had a six-week absence. I think this is a pretty unique scenario. It’s not as linear as the other in-season injuries.” Simmons hasn’t played since last June 20, in Philadelphia’s second-round Game 7 loss to Atlanta. He had five points, 13 assists and eight rebounds but was blamed by many Sixers fans after turning down an open fourth-quarter dunk attempt, presumably to avoid going to the foul line where he’d been struggling. In the offseason, Simmons requested a trade, and sat out citing mental health issues. Following his arrival at the trade deadline, Simmons was ramping up to play but had a flare-up of his prior back woes. He had an epidural while the Nets were away for a March 15 game in Orlando, and has made marked progress over the last week — rapid enough that he skipped the one-on-one and three-on-three steps. “I didn’t hear any setbacks. That’s pretty much what I’m looking for when somebody on our team goes through anything when they play in stay-ready groups or pre-practice groups or has an injury,” Durant said. “I haven’t heard, so obviously, he’s progressing pretty well. So we will see.” Simmons didn’t speak to the media and isn’t required to unless he’s doing five-on-five — something Nash said is unlikely even at Friday’s scheduled practice just due to logistics. “He’s probably not going to do five-on-five because we don’t have 10 guys, so it’ll probably be four-on-four again,” Nash said. “So it’s really trying to put him in an environment where he can start to build up, see if he can take contact, see if he can run the floor, make cuts, rebound, defend. All those things he’s got to have time on the floor to do to see if he can physically adapt and that process is just beginning.” A source close to Simmons, 25, said seeing him come through contact unscathed was the most vital step. That appears to have happened, and Game 4 not being until next Monday — a day or two later than every other series’ Game 4 — was key. “The NBA did us a huge favor,” the source told The Post. “There’s like 10 days in there [to recover].”