The father of the 3-month-old Odessa girl killed along with her mother and grandmother by a Russian missile called Putin a “terrorist” in charge of a “terrorist-state” at her funeral Wednesday. “Putin is the terrorist, and Russia is a terrorist-state, a murderer,” Yuri Glodan said, according to the British Russia-based news agency East2West news. “Parents should not bury their children,” he said. “We must instead enjoy life, raise our children, rejoice in the sun, the people, people must not die.” Glodan’s daughter Kira Glodan, his wife Valerie Glodan, and his mother-in-law Lyudmila were all killed Saturday, after their home was hit in a Russian airstrike. Ukrainian authorities said Russian bombers hit a military facility and two residential buildings Saturday, killing the Glodan family and five others, according to Ukrainian newspaper Ukrayinska Pravda. “So far, eight deaths have been confirmed, including a 3-month-old baby, a little girl from Odessa who never got a chance to live,” Odessa mayor Gennadiy Trukhanov said Saturday. To Russia, he added, “You will burn in hell, you scum!” Also among the dead was a couple expecting their first child, East2West reported. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba likewise called the attacks terrorism. “The only aim of Russian missile strikes on Odessa is terror,” Kuleba posted on Twitter. “Russia must be designated a state sponsor of terrorism … We need a wall between civilization and barbarians striking peaceful cities with missiles.” Russia’s Ministry of Defense confirmed Saturday that it conducted airstrikes in the Odessa area – but claimed that a logistics base at a nearby Ukrainian military airfield was the intended target. A historic port city on the Black Sea, Odessa has escaped most of the horrors of war since Russia invaded Ukraine in late February. But the weekend airstrikes — along with the explosions in the nearby region of Transnistria across the border — raise concerns that the city of 1 million may get caught up further in the fight.