The Issue: The confirmation of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to the Supreme Court. Cheers to Ketanji Brown Jackson (“Ketanji on the Court,” April 8). It is refreshing to see a level-headed person join the questionable Supreme Court. It was ironic and almost comical during the proceedings to see members of the Republican Party questioning Jackson about going easy on sexual deviants, when quite a few members of their party that have this same issue hanging over their heads. So goes politics. Kreg Ramone Manhattan We now have the first black female member of the US Supreme Court, Ketanji Brown Jackson. I believe there should be an asterisk following her name because she was selected based upon the color of her skin, hardly a requirement for membership on the court. Martin Rahm Jackson, NJ I’m not into politics, but I’d like to think if someone is picked for a job it’s because they’re the most qualified, not because of color or religion. If Jackson was the most qualified, why is the fact that she is a woman and black being brought to everyone’s attention? It takes away from her qualifications. Wish her luck in her new position — enough said. John Buonagura Stewart Manor If there is an honor roll that includes members of Congress who act with the interest of the public at heart, it is occupied by Republican Sens. Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski and Mitt Romney: three individuals who, despite the hyper-partisan environment which exists today, did the right thing in voting for distinguished Judge Jackson to be the next justice of the United States Supreme Court. Despite the efforts to smear her — undertaken primarily by Republican firebrands Sens. Josh Hawley, Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham — Jackson emerged from the muck with her head held high. Jackson is a highly distinguished, extraordinarily qualified candidate with no legitimate skeletons in her closet. President Biden got his wish for the approval of Jackson to be bipartisan. The court and the country will be better for it. Oren Spiegler Peters Township, Pa. With Jackson’s confirmation to the Supreme Court, Biden is still trying to portray himself as a “champion” of putting minorities on the court, which is a total farce. As a senator in 2001, Biden helped kill the nomination of Miguel Estrada to the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia circuit. Estrada, a George W. Bush nominee, was definitely being groomed to become the first Hispanic on the Supreme Court. Not only that, but Estrada is a stutterer. Biden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee and the committee’s former chairman, actively helped kill the Estrada nomination through a filibuster. The vote was never put to the full Senate, where Estrada most likely would have won confirmation. Shame on you, Biden. Hanh Nguyen Arlington, Va. Biden did it again. First, he picked Kamala Harris, considered the most liberal senator, to be his vice president. Now the Senate confirmed Jackson as the first black woman to be on the Supreme Court. Biden had said he would pick a black female, making color and gender his main criteria for selection to the high court. When Jackson was asked by Sen. Marsha Blackburn to define what a woman is she could not and said she was “not a biologist.” Maybe a mirror would help. It is well-known that Jackson was soft on convicted pedophiles, giving light sentences. How does a record of lenient sentences to pedophiles qualify a person as a Supreme Court justice? Manny Martin Manhattan The Democrats rejoiced over Jackson’s Supreme Court confirmation. They overlooked the fact that she could not define what a woman is because she’s not a biologist. If she can’t define what a woman is, how do we know she is one? Larry Penner Great Neck Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.