New York City will spend over $2 million to help an anticipated influx of Ukrainian refugees with housing, legal and translation services, as the Biden administration prepares to accept up to 100,000 displaced individuals in the United States. “We see our brothers and sisters that are here and live in New York City. They are dealing with the despair that their family members are experiencing in Ukraine,” Mayor Eric Adams announced outside City Hall on Friday. “We are with you. We stand with you. We support you — not only in words, but in deeds. We are allocating a $2 million allocation of funds for those who reside here and those who will be coming here as part of the refugee process.” The new funding will be allocated as part of the city’s executive budget, a $98.5 billion spending proposal slated to be released next Tuesday, April 26. “It can be cash assistance, but it can be other things as well,” said Ravesa Bajo, MOIA’s executive director of policy initiatives and special projects. “Housing is a specific need, you know, health access and services is another specific need that they’ve articulated.” The funds will be distributed through the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs to city agencies, nonprofit service providers in all five boroughs as well as Ukrainian community-based organizations, according to Adams. Bajo noted faith-based organizations, like Catholic Charities, will be involved with distribution. New York is already home to around 150,000 Ukrainian-Americans, with large pockets of the population in the East Village and Brighton Beach. But city officials were unable to provide the number of refugees scheduled to arrive in the Big Apple, arguing they’re still waiting on that estimate from the Biden administration. “We are anticipating a large number to be able to join and stay with their families. But beyond that, we don’t have any final numbers,” said Bajo. On Thursday, the White House unveiled a new sponsorship program aimed at connecting Ukrainian nationals with US family members or nonprofits once upon entry. Churches and other not for profit groups will help identify individuals applying for humanitarian parole, a process including background checks and screenings. Within the last three months, over 15,000 Ukranians have entered the US – the majority coming across the border with Mexico – seeking asylum from the Russia-Ukraine war.