The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is one of the highlights of spring and one of the year’s biggest moments in pop culture! Music. Fashion. Art. Dancing. Celebrities. And love! Drawing crowds from all over the world, Coachella gives you an opportunity to express yourself and step out of your comfort zone while meeting new people all eager to catch a vibe. Celebrity stylist Jana Rae spoke exclusively with the New York Post about festival fashion and how each zodiac sign embodies their iconic looks. Join us as we dive into Coachella lifestyle because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Take a peek into your zodiac sign’s Coachella personality and how you’ll revel in the moment! As the first zodiac sign, Aries are always known for their firepower! You’re the leader of the pack and ready to conquer the festival and experience everything that it has to offer. To show off your bold and independent personality, try shocking and daring outfits that other zodiac signs would never even dream of. Wear red—your power color—to stand out from the crowd! As Aries rules the head in astrology, don’t forget a fabulous, over-the-top Libertine statement hat or luxurious faux fur jacket for a standout ensemble. This will keep all eyes on you as you make your way to the front of the crowd or venture onto your next party. Keep some Tylenol in your pocket, though, as you like to party hard and don’t want a headache to bring you down! Beautiful and down-to-earth Taurus will be ready for this year’s Coachella! Ruled by Venus, the planet of luxury and parties, you’ll be able to captivate everyone that you meet. As for festival fashion, go for your power colors: pink, green and pale blue. Go chic with a whimsical Isabel Marant floral sundress or rock a boho top and cowboy boot for effortless ease and comfort! It’s the quintessential festival look.  Don’t worry about going too over the top, throw on an extra tassel or two as it’s always best to let your natural beauty shine through. When it comes to your festival line-up, you’ll be eager to try out all the tasty treats and hit up performers with outstanding, organic vocals. You’re a sucker for elegant sounds! Stock up on little snacks in your little Lowe belt bag, just so you don’t ever get hangry. When it comes to everyone’s favorite party pal, it’s you, Gemini! You’re never afraid to stand out from the crowd or dance in the center of it! You’re always eager to have a good time and rally your crew to join you. When it comes to festival fashion, own your sexy side and rock whimsical and fun patterns.  Channel your inner Stella McCartney girl and get naughty with a stunning jumpsuit paired with a platform sneaker to dance the night away!  Your power color is yellow, so don’t be afraid to shake it up and turn heads as you walk by. Coachella is one of your fav places to be with your ruling planet being Mercury. You love to network and fire up the group chat with plans, deets and pics. Just don’t forget to bring an extra charger in case your phone dies because being out of touch with your pals would be no bueno! When it comes to the ‘mother hen’ of the zodiac, it’s you, Cancer. While you’re normally more of a homebody, Coachella can entice you to get out of your shell. Festival fashion that accentuates your sensual curves will be perf—so grab a silvery blue or smoky gray Balmain romper and gladiator sandal because these power colors will let you own the night! At the festival, we’re sure to find you following deeply emotional crooners that know how to get you to feel something! Romance could abound if you loosen up, so grab your boo or keep your eyes out for someone extra special. Remember your sunnies, stock up on bronzer, and snatch extra sun tan lotions and sprays, so you don’t get a sunburn and you can happily lend extra to some of your besties. Coachella, for any good Leo, is the place to be! This is because you love to be in the limelight and show the world how you’re the one, the only true celebutante! You were born for the spotlight, which obvi means your festival fashion will consist of sparkly chains and bracelets that flash in the sunlight and sparkle in the evening glow! Go with some Gucci power prints, wedge sandals and statement jewelry that will make jaws drop and don’t forget to make your luscious mane glitter like a halo or try some long braids. Your power colors are gold, yellow and orange, so don’t be afraid to own that fire! At the festival, you’ll be at the center of the ring, demanding attention and blowing kisses to all of your admirers. Your Coachella must-haves are mud masks and brightening skin serums, though, because maintaining that glow in between days will be a top priority. Virgo, you have a very special place when it comes to Coachella: you’re the master planner! You know how to fit in every act and orchestrate your crew like no one else! Plan your details, but don’t let your inner perfectionist come out if things go a little off track. It’s Coachella, after all! When it comes to festival fashion, you tend to go polite and modest, but don’t worry: that doesn’t mean you can’t own the sex! Pull out that sexy Dolce & Gabanna midi dress, your fav aviator shades and be sure your hair looks ‘just right’. Think feminine and soft—something you easily exude with your symbol being the Virgin. Your power colors are green and dark brown, so add them as a western belt, extra fringe or statement jewelry to complete your look. Don’t forget to pack some extra vitamins and Emegen-C, though, as this festival in the desert can take its toll on the body! When it comes to the social media star at Coachella, that’s you, Libra. Whether you’re updating your Instagram or TikTok, you’re always ready to snap a pic and show the world that you’re living your best life. Your zodiac sign is symbolized by the scales and embodies balance, so when it comes to festival fashion, consider a sassy two-piece Versace set. Mix and match some silky, wild animal prints and patterns with cut-offs for something scandalous! Venus is your planetary ruler, so no matter what you choose, make sure you own your magic. Your power colors are blue and pale green, so feel free to add a dash of them here or there—perhaps even in your makeup. At the festival, be sure that you’re arm-in-arm with your bestie or boo, or if you’re on the prowl, keep your eyes out for that true love who could be around any corner! You’re a romantic, so you’ll be guaranteed to be at every artist’s set that packs a punch straight to the heart. When it comes to items to bring, don’t forget your selfie light. Looking good on the Internet is a full-time gig. Of all the zodiac signs, you’re always the cat’s meow, Scorpio. When it comes to Coachella, you’re ready to seduce and show the world you’re innate sex appeal and power. Your festival fashion always needs to flaunt your body, so sass it up with a fierce Prada leather bustier, short shorts, grungy flannel and mod combat boots for a punk rock, head-turning festival look. Your power colors are maroon and dark red, which unlock your sultry femme fatale within! Don’t be afraid to throw flirtatious gazes every which way, catching eyes, whispering “come to me” and vanishing into the dark! Your favorite musical acts will be the ones that unleash primal, emotional passion. Don’t forget to sneak in a flask of your fav liquor to throw back in the heat of the moment. Coachella speaks to your soul, Sagittarius, because it lets you uncage your wild side! You’re always up for some adventure, mischief or controversy—take your pick—so your festival fashion will surely mirror that. Throw on some sheer tops and dresses over a sensual Agent Provocateur bralette, with your Stetson hat and smile as you walk on by. You’re confident and bold, which is why all other zodiac signs envy you! Don’t forget your power colors, which are rich purples and deep blues—they’ll help you to vibe at your greatest level! At Coachella, you’ll likely be letting loose with dance music or EDM because when it comes to stimulation, you’re always ready to hit the greatest heights. Be sure to also pack some Pedialyte, though, because the only way you can keep going and going and going is staying juiced with those electrolytes! When it comes to the most ambitious zodiac sign, it’s you, Capricorn. With Coachella standing up there as one of the most influential music festivals in the world, you’ll be sure to lock in your ticket to mingle with the rich and powerful! Strategic networking? Why not! Your festival fashion is about owning vintage looks and letting your sex appeal shine right through. Grab you Chanel or Valentino bag, fedora and silk bandana to make a statement with accessories—simple, posh and always fabulous. Your power colors are black, gray and dark green, so own them without ever second-guessing. At the fest, you’ll be sure to hit up acts that resonate with a deep, dark and sensual sound, as they’ll feed your inner intensity. Don’t forget your VIP tickets, though, because obvi if you’re going to own the world, you’ve gotta show the crew who is boss! Let your free spirit out, Aquarius! You’re the unique one, embracing eccentricity in every way, shape or form! You are also one of the most social zodiac signs, so hitting up big crowds and community gatherings is a no-brainer! When it comes to festival fashion, bring back some nostalgic fashion with headpieces, headbands, retro turbans, flower crowns—or go totally futuristic and rock the neon or flashing lights! Whichever way you go, you can’t go wrong. Break out the colorful Missoni print for the dance floor or lounging in the sun.  Your power colors are turquoise and electric blue, so embrace your vibrant side. At Coachella, you’re sure to be at the most experimental and provocative sets, eager to hear anything that’s pushing boundaries. BTW: when stocking up for the event, don’t forget to bring a few statement pieces like your headband for your friends. After all, you’re the trend setter so don’t be shocked if suddenly everyone wants to follow your vibe! Let your imaginative spirit sing, Pisces! You’re the Zen one of the crew, always ready to tap into the crowd, rock some sage or even carry your favorite crystals. Coachella lets you unleash your creative and mystical side, so when it comes to festival fashion: go for some flowy, dreamy Dior looks! Try on some colored glasses, an off-the-shoulder top and sheer floor length skirt.  Add your power color, too, which is a soft sea green. Don’t forget jewelry, especially something oceanic with jewel beads or choker. At the event, you’ll be eager to swim into the sea of your emotions, so you’re sure to be found listening to music that holds a spiritual and metaphysical vibe. When planning ahead, be sure to bring your most sacred gemstones to attract protection, love and peace. You’ll be everyone’s saving grace. Jana Rae is an LA based celebrity stylist. Her work has been featured in global media, television, and magazines such as Vogue, Cosmopolitan, ABC & NBC television, ‘Access Hollywood,’ E! Entertainment, the New York Post, Page Six, Bustle, and more. Her creative direction and artistic vision have reached millions of people worldwide. With decades of experience, she has worked in sustainable fashion for top sustainable fashion designer Stella McCartney.  She has also worked behind-the-scenes at fashion shows and events.  She has worn many hats both personally and professionally to come to a deep understanding of helping her celebrity and high-end clients address their needs. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.