As summer approaches, it’s time to shake things up. Much like your go-to coffee maker, a quality cocktail shaker is ideal to have on deck to make boozy bevs your crew is sure to love. From mixed margaritas to chilled wine coolers, this bar cart essential will pair nicely with your outdoor patio furniture, outdoor pizza ovens, outdoor fire pits and pool floats for your next BBQ bash (oh, and some of our best grills, too). Luckily, this fan-favorite snag is relatively affordable and differs in its aesthetic and style. Not to mention, many are offered on Amazon. Hello, two-day Prime Shipping! Ahead, find the 10 best cocktail shaker sets we rounded up. If you’re keen on cocktail making, too, be sure to check out our list of some summer-ready cocktail recipes that are sure to be just as delicious as they are Insta-worthy. Click to jump to a specific section: As an Amazon best-seller, Aozita’s 24-Piece Cocktail Shaker Bartender Kit comes with everything you’ll ever need in a make-your-own boozy drink bundle — including a stand. Its elegant packaging is also dishwasher-safe, too. Step up your bar cart area with VG’s Rose Gold Cocktail Shaker Set. Not only does it look primed and prepped for your trendy party, but its sleek signature accessories are second to none. If you’re die-hard for the modern look, you’ll absolutely love PentaQ’s Cocktail Shaker Set. Clad in a wooden stand, its stainless pieces are minimal while still catering to your cocktail-drinking guests. Sip and be merry with Rocksly’s Whiskey Decanter Set. Not a traditional cocktail set per se, it’s still a rich addition to your bar cart or in-house setup, offering your guests some of the finest liquor with luxurious pourers and glassses. We love Williams Sonoma’s Encore Bar Tools Set (with a cocktail shaker, of course). If you want a decor piece to add some definition to your spirits and spritzers area, then this all-in-one fixture is perfect. It’s time to level up your bar area with Bartesian’s Cocktail Maker. Though a splurge, it’s much like your Nespresso cofee machine: simply insert a pod (flavors ranging from cosmopolitans to rums) and enjoy your self-serve cocktail. Sleek gunmetal meets a phenomenal cocktail shaker set with VonShef’s Parisian bundle. With a jigger, Hawthorne strainer and more, your guests will love the look and the service provided by this $30 set. Shake up cocktails (without shaking up your wallet) with Zulay Kitchen’s Professional Stainless Steel Cocktail Shaker Set. With a two-sided measuring jigger and an elegant bar spoon, this set is especially great for smaller spaces. Why Esmula’s Bartender Kit? For one, it comes with a fine score of accessories. But, we also adore it for its contoured wooden stand, which will serve you well placed atop your bar for a charming, sophisticated look. Aberdeen Oak’s 14-Piece Cocktail Shaker Set is ideal to gift to your loved one (just look at that ornate box!) and its brushed wooden stand — with stainless steel accessories — is a treat to use time and again. Plus, it’s dishwasher-safe and scratch-proof. Ahead, find a curated list of the finest mixologies to prepare before your next get-together: Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.