A South Carolina mom who had both her arms amputated after being savagely mauled by three pit bulls has received the devastating news that she won’t be able to get prosthetic limbs due to the severity of her wounds. Kyleen Waltman, 39, was critically injured when she was attacked by the dogs on a sidewalk in Honea Path northwest of Columbia on March 21. Her sister Amy Wynne provided a heartbreaking update on a GoFundMe page, which had raised more than $226,000 of its $300,000 goal as of Thursday morning. “We thought her right shoulder was going to be good and they were able to fit it with a prosthetic, well yesterday they found an infection in the bone and had to remove more of the bone,” Amy wrote. “So now she will not be able to have regular prosthetics on either shoulder,” she wrote. “The doctors have told Kyleen once again about her arms and about most of the damage the dogs had done. She is now fully aware of the situation. She still has a long way to go. She has survived this for a reason. So through prayers and Jesus Christ she will prevail,” Wynne added. She said her family would be going to court Thursday for the appearance of the dogs’ owner, Justin Minor, who faces three misdemeanor charges of owning a dangerous animal that attacked and injured a human, rabies control violation and dangerous animal not permitted beyond premises unless restrained. He has been released on a $15,000 surety bond. The owning of a dangerous animal charge carries a penalty of $5,000 or a sentence of three years behind bars. “So I ask that you all please pray for my mama when she sees him face to face for the first time since the accident that everything goes accordingly,” Wynne wrote. “I know these updates are only a sliver of the brutal reality of what’s going on, but please I ask don’t be impatient with me as I do have kids and a job myself and can not update every little thing that’s happening,” she added. Waltman was so upset by her condition when she awoke from a coma that doctors decided to put her under sedation again, her sister said previously. “It could’ve been prevented,” Wynne has said. “If the dogs were locked up or if the dogs were chained up, or if they were never there to begin with, this would’ve never happened.” The dogs were seized by Abbeville County Animal Control in the wake of the attack. It was unclear how the dogs ended up on the street. Signs that read “Beware of dog” can be seen on Minor’s property, according to local media.