Montreal Canadiens legend Guy Lafleur has died at the age of 70, CBC News reported Friday. A cause of death is unknown at this time, though Lafleur reportedly experienced health issues in recent years. According to CBC News, his lung cancer returned in Oct. 2020. Before that, the hockey icon, who won five Stanley Cup titles with Montreal, underwent quadruple bypass heart surgery in Sept. 2019, followed by lung surgery two months later. Lafleur spent the 1988-89 season with the Rangers after his career in Montreal ended. “We are deeply saddened to learn of the death of Guy Lafleur,” Canadiens owner Geoff Molson said in a statement. “All members of the Canadiens organization are devastated by his passing. Guy Lafleur had an exceptional career and always remained simple, accessible, and close to the Habs and hockey fans in Quebec, Canada and around the world. Throughout his career, he allowed us to experience great moments of collective pride. He was one of the greatest players in our organization while becoming an extraordinary ambassador for our organization and for hockey. “Guy is part of the Canadiens family and the organization will provide all the necessary support to the members of his family and his close circle of friends during this extremely difficult time. On behalf of the Molson family and all members of the Montreal Canadiens organization, I extend my deepest sympathies to his wife Lise and his sons Martin and Mark.” Lafleur was drafted first overall by the Canadiens in 1971, and played 14 seasons with Montreal, where he broke multiple records and earned numerous awards. During his tenure with the Canadiens, the winger won the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP in 1977; was a three-time Art Ross Trophy winner as the NHL’s points leader; a two-time Hart Trophy winner as league MVP; and a three-time winner of the Lester B. Pearson Award (now the Ted Lindsay) as most outstanding player according to the NHL Players’ Association. Lafleur, whose nicknames included “The Flower” and “The Blonde Demon,” became the first player in league history to record six consecutive seasons with 50-plus goals and 100-plus points, doing so from 1974-80. In all, he appeared in 1,126 games and tallied 560 goals and 1,353 points. His No. 10 was retired by the Canadiens on Feb. 16, 1985. That marked only his first retirement, though, after his trade request was denied by Montreal general manager Serge Savard. At the time, Lafleur was at odds with coach Jacques Lemaire, who took over during the 1983-84 season. The two had played together during the Canadiens’ dynasty years in the 1970s. In 1988, Lafleur decided to come out of retirement months after he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame. He returned to the NHL to play for the New York Rangers, where he spent one season before returning to his native Quebec to finish his career. The hockey icon spent two years with the Quebec Nordiques before he decided to retire for good in 1991. The NHL said that further details about upcoming events to celebrate and honor Lafleur’s life and Hall-of-Fame career will be announced shortly.