This roughly 33,000-square-foot England mansion that stood at the center of one of that nation’s priciest divorces once again seeks a new owner — and this time, for much less than before. Bishopsgate House in Windsor — which hit the market in 2018, asking roughly $65.5 million ($71 million in today’s inflation-adjusted US dollars) — has returned for sale for some $42 million, marking a whopping $29 million discount from the original list price, The Post has learned. Late Saudi billionaire businessman Sheikh Walid Juffali shared this spread with his then-wife, American-born model and former Pirelli calendar girl Christina Estrada — a former girlfriend of Prince Andrew. Despite the glamour of this marital mansion, which boasts 12 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms, the marriage between them turned bitter. The pair wed in 2001; in 2012, Juffali, then 60, secretly married a 25-year-old Lebanese model in a reportedly lavish ceremony in Venice. They had two children — prompting Estrada to file for divorce. (In 2014, however, Juffali divorced Estrada in Saudi Arabia under Islamic law — also without telling her.) Estrada demanded no less than $312 million ($371 million in today’s dollars, when adjusted for inflation), for the settlement. Ultimately, in 2016, Estrada received more than $113 million in today’s dollars (nearly $100 million back then) — a sum for which she reportedly felt grateful, but admitted felt like a bit of a letdown. Among her demands in court: $1.51 million annually for clothes — $61,000 per year alone for fur coats — and some $84 million in today’s figures for a new home in London. “You have to understand,” she told the High Court, “I’m moving from [Bishopsgate House] to a five- or six-bedroom home.” She also told the court, “I have lived this life. This is what I am accustomed to. It is difficult to convey the extraordinary level of luxury and opulence we were fortunate enough to enjoy.” She also claimed her ex-husband had, in today’s conversion, a $12 billion fortune — a fact that Juffali denied. Less than two weeks following the July 2016 settlement, Juffali died of lung cancer at age 61. “The family are no longer living in the home and have moved on so they are very motivated to sell now,” Becky Fatemi, the founder and managing director of Rokstone Properties — which represents this listing — told the Evening Standard. Fatemi didn’t return The Post’s request for comment by press time. “They have been inundated with rental offers but want to sell it,” Fatemi added. It isn’t clear which member of the Juffali family is behind the listing. The much-reduced ask owes itself to Brexit and the coronavirus pandemic making deep-pocketed foreign buyers retreat from England’s luxury home market. The listing for the 34-acre estate, some 45 minutes by train to London’s Waterloo Station, details such perks as an indoor swimming pool, a tennis court and a helicopter pad — as well as separate staff accommodations, a stable yard and a secondary house. The listing images of the main residence show grand living areas replete with wood-paneled walls, polished wooden floors, coffered ceilings and moldings. Nearby, a formal dining room, topped with a chandelier, also has wood-paneled walls — as well as built-in shelves and a fireplace. A separate seating area, dressed with scarlet-red wall panels and a gold-tone fireplace, appears to come with Chinese decorative influences. That indoor pool, meanwhile, features multi-colored tiles across its floor. Elsewhere on the grounds, and just beyond the home’s spacious kitchen, is an orchard, three greenhouses and a gardener’s room. The estate also comes with a hedge maze with a rotunda at its center point. The standing home dates to 1926, though the plot of land itself dates to the 13th century. The original Bishopsgate House traces its history back to the 1800s — and the property takes its name from monks being granted permission to pass through the home’s gate into Windsor Great Park, to which the spread still has access. Whoever shells out that mighty sum to call this house their home will be in high-profile company. Queen Elizabeth is planning a full-time move to nearby Windsor Castle, which was traditionally her weekend home. She’ll be joined by her grandson, Prince William, and his wife, Kate Middleton, who also plan on moving to Windsor.