Kalabrya Haskins, the wife of the late Dwayne Haskins, expressed her “sincerest gratitude” for those who have supported their family following the untimely passing of the Steelers quarterback, who was struck and killed by a dump truck in Florida Saturday morning. “I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to every loving soul who has supported our family during this arduous time of loss. The overwhelming thoughts and prayers have been fuel for our emotional depletion. All of your blessings have been greatly valued and appreciated,” she said Wednesday in a statement posted on the Steelers’ website. “The meaningful touches and impact Dwayne made as a husband, son, brother, teammate and friend is a timeless treasure imbrued in our hearts. I am truly grateful to everyone who has been by our side as we mourn his untimely passing. Our family implores for your continued prayers, yet continued respectful privacy as we painfully grieve.” Kalabrya, who married Haskins in March 2021, added that the New Jersey native “was more than a great football player,” noting how “he had the smile of a rainbow that touched the diversity of so many.” “He will forever rest and remain in our hearts til the end of time. His eternal love will always reside with us, Ohio State, Washington Commanders and Steelers Nation for eternity! LOVE OF MY LIFE, FOREVER…REST IN THE BEAUTIFUL PEACE OF HEAVEN!” Kalabrya concluded her statement by revealing that a celebration of Haskins’ life will take place next Friday, April 22, in Pittsburgh. Haskins had been training in South Florida with some of his Steelers teammates in the days before he was killed walking on I-595 West near the Fort Lauderdale airport. He was 24 years old. In the wake of Haskins’ death, tributes have poured in from the NFL community, including a sincere social media message from newly retired Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. An Ohio State product, Haskins was drafted by Washington in 2019 and joined the Steelers two years later.