Mosquitoes suck. Quite literally, the buzzing blood-suckers are one of the worst parts of summer, especially when trying to have a pleasant barbecue or relaxing evening on your new outdoor furniture. While bug sprays and repellants are a great choice, the smell and chemicals used can be overwhelming and may even be a reason for some to forgo the spray and suffer the bites. For your backyard and even inside your home, you shouldn’t have to let the bad bugs bite. Instead, check out the many options for bug zappers and LED devices that both lure the mosquitos away from you and your family and then zap them into oblivion without any chemicals or effort required. Bug zappers come in all shapes and sizes, which is why we’ve broken down our list into the best for outdoors, indoors and even those that can be handheld or solar-powered. Read on for some electrifying options spanning all needs and price ranges. Sooner than later, you’ll be back outside bite-free. Keep pests at bay while you bask in the light of a bug-free patio. This outdoor lamp traps and kills mosquitoes, gnats, aedes mosquitoes, flies, moths and other insects before they bite. It lures them in with the LED light and instantly kills the insect with the help of an internal electric grid. Go big and send bugs home. This XL trap lures bugs from a whopping one acre, using two forms of attraction. The LED light is one, but it also uses a CO2-based method that quietly kills the pests without the annoying zapping sound. Say goodbye to pesky bugs with this effective yet safe zapper. It’s made of ABS plastic to keep people and pets safe from accidentally touching the trap. The trap also covers up to 1,500 square feet and features a removable bottom tray to discard insect debris. A great portable outdoor option, this zapper lantern is a camper’s best friend. The small LED zapper packs a pretty big punch, providing both light for your outdoor area and a reprieve from bugs with the zapper. It uses a USB to charge up and then can last up to 18 hours wirelessly. Tell pests to buzz off. Keep creepy crawlers out of your home with a pair of indoor zappers. All you need to do is plug them into an outlet, preferably near doors and windows where bugs may fly in, and let the device do the rest. The pair comes in either black or white to match your home and discreetly dispose of bugs in your home. Kill two pests with one stone. The Atomic Zapper not only kills flying insects but also works to repel any other pests in your home with UV sound waves that mice can’t stand. The best part is that it is safe for the home, as there is no need for chemicals or sprays that stink or harm humans and pets. Say no to bugs and no to zapping, too. If you think you can’t have both, think again with the Eon Luxe device sold on Amazon. Instead of zapping and electrifying bugs, it actually uses a fan to suck the bugs into the canister, where a sticky no-escape glue board awaits them to trap the pests inside. You: 1, Mosquitos: 0. This game of tennis only has one winner, and it’s not the pests. Simply swat your problem away with the handheld racket, using electric current to zap the bugs and kill or disarm them enough to leave you alone depending on size. Don’t let bugs get the upper hand or the higher ground. Instead, check out this 4,000-volt grid swatter from Amazon. The large frame makes it easy to target insects, while the included USB cable makes for simple charging. Light up your night, bite-free. These solar-powered torches not only look beautiful in the low light, but they also provide protection from pests. The LED flame effect looks like a gorgeous candle glow, but really it attracts light-loving bugs and then zaps them inside. When the night is over, simply unscrew the top and the no-touch catch tray can be dumped and re-used night after night. Use the power of the sun to protect you from pests all day and night, too. The solar-powered zapper is sold on Amazon and comes with everything you need to keep mosquitoes at bay. Let it charge with the sun, or on cloudy but buggy days, use the included USB cable to charge the old-fashioned way. Featuring a flickering flame effect, this insect torch doubles as decor. Best of all, it’s weatherproof and charges using natural sunlight. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.