Just because you’re married doesn’t mean you have to sleep together every night. Influencer Taylor Paul shared a video revealing the reasons why she and her husband sleep in separate bedrooms. Paul first explained that multiple times, her husband would search around their room at night looking for a shirt. When he would go to another room to search for it, she suggested that he just sleep in the guest room so that she could go back to bed. She explained that the nights he slept in the guest room, she would end up having a really good sleep. “He also sleepwalks, sleep talks, and does some creepy s**t, so this just happened to work out,” she said. Paul also said that she likes to sleep in warmer temperatures but her husband prefers it to be cooler. Similarly, she likes to sleep in silence, yet he likes to use a white noise machine. “I feel like this is the best situation for us,” she said. “We have a really healthy marriage, we get good sleep, and we both love our separate rooms.” Giving her followers a tour of their separate rooms, she showed off her stunning bedroom, with perfect decorations, a large television, and a bathroom. She laughed while showing off her husband’s much messier room, which had laundry thrown on the floor and his bedsheets stained from spray tans. The couple has two children together and they believe that this sleep setup is the most beneficial for their marriage. Viewers were split on the topic, saying: “I would never be able to!! I sleep better when he is next to me,” said one viewer, while another said: “We sleep in separate rooms because my husband snores so loud and I’m such a light sleeper.” One woman said: “We do the same! It’s the best but it concerns my in-laws so much.” “I don’t understand why you two sleep in separate rooms? Very odd.” “My parents have happily done this for over 40 years,” said another. On the other hand, one user said: “Omg I could never I’m glad my husband and I have the same sleep pattern.” “We should normalize it I think it’s cool.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.