Of the many interesting aspects of YES’s new game analysts, Carlos Beltran and Cameron Maybin, is this: They both could have been in the Yankees’ dugout instead of the booth. Beltran and Maybin were under consideration by the team to become coaches under manager Aaron Boone, according to Yankee and YES officials, but Beltran and Maybin both declined the opportunity. Instead, John Filippelli, YES’s de facto GM as its president of programming and production, consulted with the Yankees’ Brian Cashman about bringing them into the booth. Despite Cashman’s feelings on the Astros’ 2017 sign-stealing scandal in which Beltran was fingered as a key conspirator and in which Maybin was a World Series-winning team member, Cashman not only gave the signal to go forward with the two players, but encouraged it. “Ultimately, we have to turn the page,” Cashman said. “Carlos is a friend. He was a friend before. And you have to make those decisions in your life. “Obviously what happened in Houston was not good. It was a blemish on the game, and certainly was very hurtful and impactful to us. But I feel like Carlos is part of the family.” Cashman also feels that Beltran will be very good. “He has an ability to impart his wisdom in such an amazing way,” Cashman said. For Yankees fans, there may still be a scar because of Beltran’s involvement in 2017. If so, Filippelli thinks Beltran will win them over pretty quickly. “I think some people who don’t want to give him the benefit of the doubt may in fact give him the benefit of the doubt once they hear him,” Filippelli said. Beltran and Maybin will be part of a new sound on YES and Amazon Prime Video’s 21-game package. It is a new era in Yankees broadcasting. Ken Singleton, after years of almost retiring, has finally really walked away from the booth. In studio, Buck Showalter left to become the Mets’ manager, a job which was briefly Beltran’s. Meanwhile, David Cone, who will be one of ESPN’s “Sunday Night Baseball” analysts, and Paul O’Neill will each do around 65 games. Maybin will be on for about 40 and Beltran is scheduled for 36, which Filippelli decided on to match the uniform number Beltran wore. John Flaherty, YES’s Swiss Army knife, will do games and studio. Michael Kay will be the play-by-player on the vast majority of games, while Ryan Ruocco will pinch hit occasionally. Beltran, through YES, decided not to talk for this story, as he did not want to be asked more questions about the Astros scandal. Beltran addressed them Monday, however, answering questions with fellow YES employee Kay, on a taped edition of “CenterStage.” He said the Astros championship is stained and that they were wrong. He still does not understand why he was singled out. His understanding during the investigation was that players were not going to be held accountable. “Everyone gets immunity except Carlos Beltran? I don’t get it,” Beltran said. Going into the booth could be an ideal entry point for Beltran back into the game. When discipline was handed down for the Astros scandal, manager A.J. Hinch, bench coach Alex Cora and GM Jeff Luhnow all received one-year suspensions. Hinch, with the Tigers, and Cora, back with the Red Sox, returned as managers. Luhnow has not been welcomed back. Beltran wasn’t officially suspended by commissioner Rob Manfred, but he was the only player singled out in MLB’s report, causing the Mets to end his managerial reign before his first game. With YES, Beltran will have an opportunity to step back into the spotlight, show why the Mets hired him and display the acumen that made him a potential future Hall of Famer as a player. “He’s going to be a manager some day,” Filippelli said. “I don’t think he’s going to be a broadcaster forever, but who knows?” Beltran will analyze games in English, having grown up in Puerto Rico, where Spanish is the dominant language. This may be the first time this has happened in Yankee broadcasting history. “I’m not so sure Phil Rizzuto’s first language was English,” Filippelli said. Maybin, 34, only played 82 games with the Yankees, back in 2019. He is one of those guys, though, who just lit up a clubhouse, even if he wasn’t a star. Maybin had coaching opportunities, including potentially with the Yankees, but that would defeat the purpose of being home to watch his four kids in their activities, including his oldest, 14-year-old Trent, who is already getting some looks as a top baseball and basketball player. Maybin hit four home runs in four straight games in June 2019, which made an impression. He also stood out as a potential broadcaster. At the time, his now-agent Mark Lepselter reached out to see if he would be interested, while Ruocco also spoke to him about possibly being in the booth. Maybin will not only be doing Yankees games, but he will be on MLB Network and the Cubs’ Marquee Network. In all, he will have more than 100 days on the air. “How about bringing a new flavor?” Maybin said. He looks at Nate Burleson, Michael Strahan, Harold Reynolds and Eduardo Perez as broadcasting road models. He’s into media, choosing to put on Kay’s YES show many afternoons in his Asheville, N.C., home. “My wife gets upset when I watch his show for three hours,” Maybin said. The questions about the Astros’ scandal will likely fade if Beltran and Maybin are good on the air. They do need to provide answers when asked. “Did it go too far?” Maybin asked. “Clearly, but at the time I didn’t look at it as they were trying to screw the game.” From Cashman to Filippelli, the Yankees think that Beltran and Maybin will enhance the game. Now, the fans will decide.