All of MLB, the NBA and NHL are in action tonight, but two games are attracting particularly meaningful betting attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. On today’s report, one MLB total as well as one NHL total trigger a majority of the above signals. So before getting those bets in, consider these two options as (potentially) more valuable than the pack. The first meeting of this series was a high-flying, 17-run affair between the A’s and Rays, but bettors are gravitating toward the under tonight. In terms of the pitching matchup, the A’s will deploy ace Frankie Montas while Shan MccLanahan will take the ball for Tampa Bay. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which has held steady at the opening number of 7.5. Plus, big money is showing for the under as well. At this writing, under 7.5 runs has received only 29 percent of all total bets, but has simultaneously received 61 percent of the handle. That represents the second-largest total percent discrepancy across today’s MLB slade. Finally, one top MLB expert for The Action Network is backing the under tonight, giving that market three of a possible five signals. Both meetings this season have stayed under this benchmark, but bettors are expecting goals tonight in Denver. We’ve tracked both sharp action and big money bets that have come in on the over. At this writing, the over has received only 37 percent of all total bets, but 84 percent of the total handle. That represents the largest percentage discrepancy amongst all three games on the ice tonight.  Finally, our model projections suggest there’s a further edge to be had in this game. Our NHL power ratings recommend a total of 6.85 between the Kings and Avalanche, the latter of which have seen three of its last five games clear this total. As for the Kings, five straight games have featured at least five goals while two straight have seen at least seven. 