Get ready to tee it up for the season and make sure you have everything you need for the course. Golf season is upon us and ready for you to take a swing, especially now that the weather is perfect for a game on the green. Before you grab your caddy and go, check the list below to make sure you have all the needed equipment and accessories to keep you under par and having fun. From the latest clubs and attire to the best golf balls, tees and trackers, we’ll have you swinging into the golf season in no time. Technically speaking, the only things you need for golf are a set of clubs and a ball, and Stix has you covered on the former. The Complete Set is just that, coming with an all-black 14-piece set that will have you ready to hit the green. Currently on sale for $949, down from the original $1,024, the Stix set is fully customizable with options for right or left-handed people, the shaft flex, shaft length and the addition of a carrying bag and head covers. This Wilson women’s set is the complete package, coming with 13 club options of various lengths and other specs, allowing you to get a custom fit without having to go out and get professionally measured for custom clubs. The set includes a 13° Driver, #5 Fairway Wood, #5 Hybrid, Irons: #6, 7, 8, 9, Pitching Wedge, a Sand Wedge, a Putter, a cart bag and three head covers If you’re looking to replace an old club with something new, or like building your set from scratch, the selection of clubs at Dick’s Sporting Goods is a great place to start. Search specific types of clubs from Drivers to Wedges, or simply scroll through the top sellers to see what other golfers love and recommend. You can also sort by gender or age, with plenty of options for the younger generation to get into the great game of golf, too. Some of the very best in the game, the Titleist store has everything you could ask for in a golf ball, with the top-notch Pro V1 and Pro V1X sets that are also customizable on the site. They also carry the AVX, Tour Speed, Tour Soft, Velocity and TruFeel, depending on the needs of your individual game. Get your golfing buddies together and have a party. The set of tees from Callaway are sold on Amazon and come in four colors to hand out to your group on the green. They are plastic with a rubber top, holding the ball steady and promoting low spin when launched across the course. Play your best game possible with a laser rangefinder from the pros at Bushnell Golf. The Tour V5 model is actually the least expensive in their lineup of gadgets but packs a serious punch when it comes to accuracy and functionality. The magnetic element on the side already sets this apart, as it can stick to the side of your cart bar with ease. It also uses both sight and feel, vibrating as well as visually showing you once you’ve locked on to the flag for your future hole-in-one. Sold at Golf Galaxy, these towels are out of this world, with hilarious patterns like the 90’s water cup pattern pictured above or cute cartoons of breakfast favorites and cold sweet treats for after the game. They are made of a moisture-wicking microfiber that can both wipe the sweat off your brow as well as polish and clean clubs and golf balls. Don’t let a little rain stop your swing. Make sure to pack this golf umbrella from L.L. Bean in your golf bag, as it’s the perfect size and shape to keep you and your clubs dry if it starts to rain mid-game. The handle features a automatic open button for a swift and easy release, and the umbrella itself is both rain and wind resistant for showers and gusts of wind that may throw off your game otherwise. Now that your bag is packed, it’s time to get dressed for the green. The Renwick green striped shirt is just one of many short-sleeved options for women, as the same style pictured above comes in five other colors and ranges in size from XXS to XL. For the game of golf, a polo is always the way to go. Devereux has a whole bunch of dapper options that show off your stylish side while also being breathable and functional for golf. The shirt has the iconic collar and buttons but is made of sweat-wicking and quick-dry fabric for a cool game no matter the heat. It comes in the above blue color as well as five other options and ranges in size from a men’s small to an XXL. One of the easiest and most comfortable golfing outfits, check out a golf dress from Adidas and you’ll never go back to pants and a polo. The Sport Performance Primegreen Dress comes in three different colors, from a bright light blue to navy or black. It is made from both sweat-wicking and sustainable materials, as part of the Primegreen collection of recycled fabrics. The best part of the dress, however, is the detachable shorts that come with, perfect to wear when the wind blows and for getting in and out of the golf cart with no worries. Well-tailored golf shorts are hard to find, but shopping at Nike makes it that much easier. The 10.5-inch Golf Chino’s are a great pair of shorts for the game, especially on hot days where long pants are just too much. The shorts are made of Nike’s Dri-FIT UV fabric, keeping you cool and dry and also protected from the sun, although you’ll want to lather on the sunscreen too, to avoid any unfortunate tan lines mid-leg. Keep the sun out of your eyes and focus on the green in front of you. This stylish visor from lululemon is a must-have for any woman who golfs or spends time outside. The hat comes in two colors, a plain white to match any outfit and a black camo pattern, pictured above. It is a one-size item, with an adjustable closure on the back for the perfect no-slip fit. For out of this world sun protection, leave it to Golf Galaxy. The site carries almost every brand under the sun, from Titleist to Nike and everything in between. Sort by gender or price, or browse by brands to find your favorite cap for the game. Take care of the green and your feet with these course-friendly kicks from Cole Haan. The GrandPro Am Gold Sneakers were designed for the game of golf, from the high-quality and waterproof leather to rubber traction on the bottom for a no-slip grip on the green. The all-white and yellow pair are a great option, and they also come in black, pink and a shiny gold pair as well. For a new take on a classic golf shoe, we’re back to Cole Haan for the men. The OriginalGrand Golf Shoe was made to look like the old school golf shoes with the decorative Oxford-style detailing, while the waterproof leather and rubber sole is updated and fully functional for the game at hand. They come in four colors, including the clean white above, black and two camouflage options. Have the best swing in the game with a great pair of golfing gloves from Callaway. Grab these gloves while you can, marked down to under $16 for a limited time. They come in a small, medium or large size, and also have a velcro closure for a snug fit. The Callaway Dawn Patrol Gloves start at just $12.99 and can be ordered in either a right-handed glove or a left-handed one, ranging in size from medium to XL with half-sizes offered in between. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.