A parachute display prior to a Washington Nationals game caused US Capitol Police to order an evacuation of the congressional complex on Wednesday evening, as reports swirled that the force was never told about the exercise. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi placed the blame on the Federal Aviation Administration for the mishap, saying its “apparent failure” to notify police of the flight was “outrageous and inexcusable.” Lawmakers, Capitol staffers and journalists were sent scrambling after they received an alert at around 6:35 p.m. that said Capitol Police were tracking an aircraft posing a “probable threat” to the area. It called for the Capitol, its Visitor Center, several congressional office buildings and the US Botanic Garden to be cleared out. However, the only aircraft in the area was a utility plane carrying members of a parachute team to take part in Military Appreciation Day festivities prior to the Nationals home game against the Arizona Diamondbacks. Thirteen minutes after sending the alert, Capitol Police backtracked tweeting that “There is no threat at the Capitol and” saying that the order was sent out of an “abundance of caution.” The twin-engine plane, carrying members of the US Army Golden Knights, had taken off from Joint Andrews Base in Maryland and was circling inside restricted airspace near the Capitol. Sources told the Associated Press that the pilot of the De Havilland Twin Otter may not have properly reported the takeoff or had appropriate clearance. The apparent communication breakdown between Capitol police and the military comes despite efforts to improve security after the Jan. 6, 2021 siege saw pro-Donald Trump rioters temporarily disrupt Congress’ certification of President Joe Biden’s victory in the 2020 presidential election. Capitol police had said they implemented changes on recommendations of several agencies in the days following the riot. The department had touted a Critical Incident Response Plan, which was said to coordinate an “action plan” between local state and federal manpower in response to emergencies. In a press release in July 2021, police said they had “vastly increased the information shared with sworn officers about obtained intelligence and event planning.” “Externally, [Capitol police] leadership has increased intelligence sharing and collaboration between all of our local, state and federal law enforcement partners as well increased our partnership within the intelligence community and Congressional stakeholders,” the release stated. Pelosi praised the Capitol police for the evacuation order, saying they “ensured the safety of all who work in these hallowed halls” in a statement released Wednesday. “The unnecessary panic caused by this apparent negligence was particularly harmful for Members, staff and institutional workers still grappling with the trauma of the attack on their workplace on January 6th,” the California Democrat said. “Congress looks forward to reviewing the results of a thorough after-action review that determines what precisely went wrong today and who at the Federal Aviation Administration will be held accountable for this outrageous and frightening mistake.” The plane never entered the no-fly zone above the Capitol or other complexes, radar tracking data show. The plane did coordinate with the air-traffic control tower at Ronald Reagan National Airport, according to the AP. The capital region’s surface-to-air missile defense systems did not appear to have been scrambled, the news agency said. There are also military aircrews on alert at all hours of the day to protect the area. The US House of Representatives and Senate are in Easter recess, so there were fewer lawmakers and staff members on-site than normally. The plane had returned to Andrews by 6:50 p.m. after dropping the parachuters at Nationals Park, a little more than a mile away from the Capitol. With Post wires