Whoopi Goldberg will be taking a break from her duties on “The View” in the coming days – an absence that co-panelist Joy Behar attributed to filming obligations for an acting gig. Behar addressed Goldberg’s plans at the start of Monday’s broadcast of the daytime talk show, which featured former White House communications director Alyssa Farah Griffin as a guest host alongside Sara Haines, Sunny Hostin and Ana Navarro. “If you’re wondering where Whoopi is, the girl’s got a movie she’s making and she will be back when she finishes whatever she’s doing,” Behar said. “So she’s gone for a while.” Behar didn’t provide further details about how long Goldberg would be absent from the show. Goldberg, 66, is set to appear on the upcoming Amazon Studios project “Anansi Boys,” an adaptation of author Neil Gaiman’s novel. She will play “Bird Woman” – described as one of the show’s “key antagonists.” An ABC representative said Goldberg is expected to be filming her part for the next few weeks – a period that includes “The View’s” hiatus during the week of April 18. Goldberg was spotted at a restaurant in Scotland, where the show is currently being filmed. “I have been a fan of this book for a very long time and when Neil Gaiman told me it was being brought to the screen, I did everything I could to be part of it to help make people aware of Anansi and all his magic,” Goldberg said in a statement on the role last week. Goldberg’s absence follows a tumultuous period in her tenure on “The View.” ABC suspended Goldberg from “The View” for two weeks earlier this year. The suspension came after Goldberg faced widespread condemnation for declaring during a segment that the Holocaust was “not about race.” Goldberg later apologized. “The Jewish people around the world have always had my support and that will never waiver [sic]. I’m sorry for the hurt I have caused,” she tweeted. Despite the apology, a source told The Post that Goldberg was “livid” over the suspension – to the point that she threatened to leave the show entirely.