A historical New York City townhouse which once belonged to illustrious chef James Beard and his cooking school has listed for $4.95 million. Beard, who pioneered television cooking shows and who wrote more than 20 cookbooks lived in the West Village home nearly 15 years, from 1959 to 1973. He eventually sold it for only $125,000 in 1974, records show. Made up of two-bedrooms and three bathrooms, the listing describes the abandoned residence as a “fixer-upper.” But with a prime location, the price remains a steal. The three-story brownstone is situated on the upscale Greenwich Village block. Built in 1849 for beer hair Samuel Smith, the home was meant to have ground floor storefronts with residential quarters above. “Step back in time and imagine yourself in this jewel of a house on a lovely Greenwich Village block,” the listing states. “Walking into the house now you’ll see a stunning display of elegant wallpaper, drapes, wonderful old sinks and a kitchen all from a bygone era,” the listing describes. “The splendiferous home will be delivered vacant and while the interior is of a bygone era, it is now waiting for that next caretaker to make this treasured home into their own.” Jean Manon of Compass holds the listing. “This jewel of a townhouse overlooking the Jefferson Market Gardens comes with historical significance in an impeccable location,” Manon told The Post. “Offered for the first time in 50 years, the townhome is a step back in time to the elegance of entertainment, where James Beard cooked and gathered with his friends, including the Julia Child.” Back in 1974, a previous listing of the home described it as a “charming small townhouse,” with features that include “a full cellar, a walled garden, central air condition, gas heat, heavy duty wiring, and brass plumbing.” Beard died of heart failure about 10 years later, on January 21, 1985, at the age of 81, at his home in New York City. Four years before his death, he came out as gay. “By the time I was seven, I knew that I was gay. I think it’s time to talk about that now,” he wrote in his revised memoir “Delights and Prejudice.”