Spring is a time for reinvention. And while changing up your wardrobe or beauty rituals can feel invigorating, another way to refresh comes from upgrading your health and fitness routines. Check out these deals on items guaranteed to give you the boost you need, some of which have been price-dropped to new lows, and take advantage of the Spring Refresh sale to save another $20 on purchases of $125 or more with coupon code SPRING20.  Ready to make long-lasting changes to your health? Get a five-year membership to Fitterclub Personal Training, a community of people dedicated to health and fitness. Build your own personalized workouts and nutrition programs and get hands-on attention to help yourself reach your true potential.  Don’t have a ton of time to work out? The ABXCORE: Ab Machine with Virtual Trainer only needs seven minutes a day to transform your abs. This compact, lightweight exercise tool can be your very own personal mobile trainer, tagging along anywhere to help you get in a quick and effective workout.  Track your fitness goals with this 4.6-star-rated (on Amazon) Innotech Bluetooth 4.0 Smart Scale, BMI Analyzer & Health Monitor, a health and weight loss companion that provides nine ways to measure your health — including weight, body fat, BMI, and more. Connect to the app via Bluetooth and see your stats right on your phone.  Want to meet your fitness goals with help from the one and only Jillian Michaels? Get a lifetime subscription to the fitness star’s award-winning app, which scored 4.7 stars on the App Store, and get access to over 800 totally customizable workouts and an Advanced Meal Planner System.  If you’re looking for a watch that can help keep track of your fitness goals that won’t break the bank, look no further than the C-MAX Chrono-Max Smartwatch, which gives you 12 functions. These include sleep, fitness, and health vitals for one low price — with a soft and flexible silicone band that makes it comfy to wear all day.  With an impressive 4.4 stars on Amazon, the Stamina Cardio Climber serves as a perfect low-impact exercise machine for those hoping to engage every major muscle group with a singular workout. It’s gentle on the joints, but also gives you a great workout for the upper and lower body.  Want a workout that takes you to the next level? The Stamina X Magnetic Rower is a total-body cardiovascular workout that helps burn calories and melt fat. This machine is also customizable, providing eight levels of resistance that you can choose from. And when you’re done, it stores away easily. Prices subject to change.