Viola Davis’ depiction of Michelle Obama in Showtime’s series “The First Lady” turned heads on Sunday evening following the premiere. The episode made fans’ jaws drop when they saw the Oscar winner’s portrayal of former President Barack Obama’s wife. Watchers were confused over one scene in which Davis, 56, is talking and her lips are overly pursed in an exaggerated way. The scene involves Davis as Michelle conversing with her husband Barack, played by O-T Fagbenle. Fans scrambled to social media to tease the “How to Get Away With Murder” star’s portrayal of the Chicago native. “They set Viola Davis up by allowing her keep her mouth that way throughout the filming. It’s so cringey and distracting,” one user tweeted. Another said, “So no one told Viola to reduce on whatever she was doing to her mouth?” “Viola could’ve just acted normally and changed the tone of her voice without having to change what she got going on with her mouth,” one suggested. “This Thing Viola is doing with her mouth is totally unnecessary! I don’t see Michelle when she does it , I just see teeth! #TheFirstLady,” one viewer wrote. One added, “I was staring dead into Viola’s mouth the entire time #TheFirstLady.” Another person chimed in, “I love viola davis but I cant take this First Lady thing seriously. The mouth thing looks like satire and she literally could’ve done without doing it the whole time. That’s not how Michelle always looks or talks anyways.” “I usually like Viola Davis as an actress, but why in the tarnation did she insist on doing this with her mouth? It makes it look like a parody,” someone else lamented. “The First Lady” follows three lauded wives of presidents across three different decades — Obama, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Gerald Ford. Eleanor Roosevelt is played by Gillian Anderson while Michelle Pfeiffer takes center stage as Betty Ford. Davis revealed to Vanity Fair at the anthology series’ premiere last week how she learned to speak like Michelle. The “Fences” star studied the attorney’s language patterns by listening to her podcasts “over 100 times” and watching many videos to copy her body gestures. Davis spoke to the mother of two and even read her memoir, “Becoming.” “She said to me, ‘I’m not an angry person,’” Davis recalled after talking with Michelle. “So what I really wanted to do with my performance was to protect her, to honor her, and not be the perception that black women are angry and hostile.” She continued, “Michelle Obama was the first black woman in the White House, and she was perceived to be angry, hostile, overly masculine, and not feminine enough. There is so much scrutiny that first ladies have to deal with.”