A teenager accused of killing a 16-year old bystander and wounding two other teens outside a Bronx high school was arraigned on a murder charge Saturday night. Suspect Jeremiah Ryan, accused of shooting 16-year-old Angellyh Yambo, was ordered held without bail until at least his next court appearance on Monday. Ryan, who was arrested earlier Saturday, appeared in a black hoodie and black sweatpants in the Bronx courthouse. As he entered the courtroom, he briefly turned around to look at both his parents who were sitting in the audience. The prosecution requested that Ryan be remanded without cash bail due to the severity of the charges — which could mean a life sentence if he’s convicted. Prosecutors also noted the evidence cops obtained as reason not to release the teen — including footage of the shooting, six 9mm shell casings found at the scene, a gun that was seen tossed out of Ryan’s building, and the clothing and sneakers he was allegedly wearing at the time of the shooting. Ryan’s defense attorney Deveraux Cannick conceded to the people’s request “for the time being.” ”We are happy to revisit the issue [of bail]… I’m not sure remand is appropriate but for the time being we will consent [to the people’s request] and revisit after discovery,” he said in court Saturday. Judge Vidya Pappachan agreed to hold Ryan without bail, although Ryan has a perfect score for recommended release from the NYC Criminal Justice Agency because he has no prior criminal record. “I do understand that Mr. Ryan does not have a criminal record, and has received a score by the CJA of 25 over 25, based on the charges that are before this court, and the allegations set forth by the people, I do not believe, this court does not believe that any monetary bail will be appropriate as the least restrictive condition to ensure the defendant’s return to court,” Pappachan said. “He is remanded at this juncture.” As Ryan was led from the courtroom, he again turned to his parents. “I love you,” his mother told him. He turned and responded, “I love you, too.” His dad followed up with, “love you.” Ryan, who is additionally charged of attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon, is expected to appear back in court Monday. After the arraignment Cannick said his client appears to be doing “as well as expected,” adding that he felt for Ryan’s family. “I’m sure like every other mother in a situation like this you don’t know what’s going on,“ he told The Post. “I’m sure she’s grieving like all the other mothers right now.” Outside of the courtroom, Ryan’s parents did not offer any comment other than to say “we’re fine.” Ryan allegedly opened fire during around 1:45 p.m. Friday near the South Bronx Educational Campus on East 156th Street during an argument with about four other individuals, a witness told The Post. When a member of the group made a motion as if he was going for a weapon, Ryan drew his gun and started shooting, the witness said. Angellyh, a student at the University Prep Charter High School, was fatally struck in the as she got caught in the crossfire. A bullet pierced her lung and pulmonary artery, according to the complaint against Ryan. Two other 16-year-old students were wounded — a girl and a boy who attend Mott Haven Village Preparatory High School and University Heights Secondary School, which is located on the same campus. They are expected to survive. None of the victims were intended targets, police said.