The first bus filled with two dozen illegal immigrants from Texas arrived in Washington, DC, Wednesday, one week after Gov. Greg Abbott vowed to transport migrants in the US illegally to the nation’s capital as the immigration crisis along the southern border grows. The bus arrived in Washington around 8 a.m., parking blocks away from the US Capitol in front of the building that houses Fox News, NBC News and C-SPAN. The 24 migrants exited the bus one by one, except for family units that left together, according to Fox News, whose cameras captured the arrival live. Officials cut off wristbands before the migrants were released. “To help local officials — because communities are being overwhelmed by hordes of illegal immigrants who are being dropped off by the Biden Administration — Texas is providing charter buses for these illegal immigrants who have been dropped off to Washington, DC,” Abbott said in announcing the move last week. “We are sending them to the United States capital, where the Biden administration will be able to more immediately address the needs of the people that they are allowing to come across our border,” the Republican governor added. The Texas Division of Emergency Management is leading the effort to transport the migrants from federal custody to DC. Each bus will have the capacity and supplies to transport up to 40 migrants. The charter buses were dispatched last week to border communities in the Rio Grande Valley and Terrell County and picked up migrants who volunteered to be transported. It was not immediately clear how many more transports were scheduled to arrive in the nation’s capital. When asked about the migrants’ arrival, White House press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters that they are “all in immigration proceedings” and therefore “in touch with the appropriate entities and the federal government about that process.” “These are all migrants who have been processed by [Customs and Border Protection] and are free to travel,” she noted, “so it’s nice the state of Texas is helping them get to their final destination.” Usually when migrants are released from federal custody after crossing the border — having avoided expulsion — they are given paperwork allowing them to remain in the US. They are also issued an order to appear in immigration court to make their case for asylum. The Biden administration had slammed Abbott’s move last week, with Psaki calling it a “publicity stunt.” Also Wednesday, Abbott announced that he will be ending the inspection of cargo trucks on the US side of the southern border at one crossing due to delays caused by truckers protesting his initial order for state law enforcement to search the vehicles for stowaways trying to enter America . The new Texas measures were announced days after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said it would lift the Trump-era Title 42 order on May 23. The order has allowed border agents to expel thousands of migrants without hearing asylum claims due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Several border officials and bipartisan lawmakers have since warned that lifting the order will only increase illegal crossings, and strain border towns and cities already overrun by new arrivals.