Pat Boone was once one of America’s biggest stars, headlining a slew of squeaky-clean movies — but the actor says Hollywood is now going to hell in a hand basket. The 87-year-old  — who is a devout Christian — blasted the entertainment industry in an interview with Fox News on Tuesday, saying “moral values” are missing from today’s TV shows and movies, which “celebrate” bad behavior. “On television, you can hear all sorts of swear words,” Boone stated. “Nothing short of actual pornography is celebrated on television now. I don’t know how to put it strongly enough, but I just think the film industry is committing suicide. It’s killing itself as far as I’m concerned. America’s image is being destroyed.” Boone claimed studio executives are resorting to shock tactics in a desperate bid to gain ratings. “The whole thing is upside down,” he complained. “Some of the biggest films now show people getting away with the worst things. Lawbreakers are even celebrated. The criminals are becoming bigger. Heroes are doing worse things than criminals and being rewarded for it.” The star singled out the raunchy series “Big Mouth” on Netflix — a crude animated comedy about the exploits of seventh graders which designed for adult viewers. “Here’s a nerdish young kid – and he and his friends are learning about masturbation, oral sex – all kinds of things,” Boone bemoaned. “And this is on Netflix. I don’t even know how they can even defend it, but it’s there. It’s all out there. Parents will just see it’s an animated show and think it’s OK for their kids to watch it … I mean, how bad can we get?” Boone shot to fame as a singer, becoming the second-biggest charting artist of the late 1950s, behind Elvis Presley. The star soon made the transition to film, appearing in a number of family-friendly titles including “Bernardine,” “April Love” and “All Hands on Deck.” Boone has long been a devout Christian, and even told Fox News he turned down a potential project also set to star Marilyn Monroe because he found the proposed screenplay “immoral.” “A teacher once told me, ‘It’s always right to do right, and it’s always wrong to do wrong.’ It sounds so simple, but that’s one of the lessons I still try to follow, even in my career,” the veteran star explained. “It was a moral lesson. I’ve turned down songs with lyrics that I just couldn’t sing. It just didn’t feel right for me to do. The same thing applies to movies and television.” At the age of 87, Boone is still fighting fit  — and is eager to keep working if producers can provide the appropriate material. “I just want to do good in my profession and not succumb to anything,” he declared. “I’m not scrapping my moral code for the box office.” Boone’s Fox News interview comes less than two months after his daughter Debby defended her dad in an interview with The Post after he copped flack for covering songs by black artists. “I know the full story of it, or at least the story as I’ve been told,” she stated. “I know how people look at it but I know my dad and I know that he was younger than me (and my success) at the time.” “One of the perspectives I’ve had and I hold it loosely and what I’ve been told is at the time he was covering those records, those records would not have gotten the airplay and exposure that my dad’s very white versions of them did, and in some ways, he and others like him opened the doors to them becoming more widely known,” she declared. Boone charted his first No. 1 hit at 21 with with a 1955 cover of the Fats Domino song, “Ain’t That a Shame.” He followed that up with covers of “Tutti Frutti” and “Long Tall Sally,” by Little Richard. Debby admitted that some may view her beliefs as “a very naive perspective — but I do know he [her father] and Little Richard had conversations. Little Richard had some sort of resentment over it and he and my dad came to a real acceptance together that it had been the way that it needed to be.”