Former President Barack Obama expressed support for his former vice president, Joe Biden, late Tuesday after footage from the 44th president’s first White House visit in five years showed audience members swarming Obama with Biden left looking forlorn on stage. “Always great catching up with @POTUS. Thanks for all you’re doing to help even more Americans get access to quality, affordable healthcare,” Obama tweeted, sharing a photo posted by Biden’s official Twitter account. Hours earlier, video circulated on social media that showed Biden walking around by himself before throwing his hands up in apparent confusion. Behind him, audience members — including Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) — surrounded Obama while holding an animated conversation. Republicans were quick to hit Biden with the video, with the Republican National Committee’s Research Twitter account posting, “Literally no one wants to talk to Joe Biden.” The account tweeted a second video showing Biden appearing to linger behind Obama as he shook hands with the caption, “This is so sad.” “No one of his 80 million voters wants to talk to him?” tweeted John Dennis, a Republican candidate for the House of Representatives from California. “I’d almost feel badly for him if he weren’t doing such a good job of destroying our country. The irony is that this is like that SNL skit where all the world leaders shunned Trump, but it’s happening to Biden by his own people in real life,” tweeted writer Matthew Betley. “No video better sums up the Biden presidency,” conservative commentator Mercedes Schlapp posted. “The man is a puppet and nobody likes him. Not even his own party.” Biden had played the good sport during Tuesday’s event touting ObamaCare, referring to himself as “Joe Biden, Barack Obama’s vice president” and saying the return of his former boss to the White House “brings back so many good memories.” Obama had teased the current White House occupant by acknowledging him as “Vice President Biden” before quickly adding, “That was a joke.” And Vice President Kamala Harris kicked off proceedings by asking the audience, “It feels good, doesn’t it?” Following the event, Biden signed an order boosting health insurance subsidies to eliminate what he described as a “family glitch” — which makes it difficult for lower-income workers to buy health insurance for family members through ObamaCare. The 44th president’s visit took place with Biden suffering badly in the polls while his administration attempts to grapple with a series of crises, including soaring inflation, an anticipated massive influx of illegal immigrants crossing the border, the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, and Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine. As of Wednesday, Biden’s average approval rating was a measly 41 percent, while his average disapproval rating is 53.8 percent, according to data collected by RealClearPolitics. A recent poll conducted by Rasmussen Reports found that 56 percent of Americans disapprove of the president’s job performance while only 42 percent approve.