Enter probably one of the coolest lists I’ve ever whipped up: the non-negotiable items I love and recommend to just about everyone I know. It’s no surprise the New York Post Commerce team loves to shop (look at our homepage for proof). But, our mission is to package up the standout products — the ones we can’t stop using and can’t stop repurchasing. From Amazon best-sellers to top-rated smart home items, I’v pieced together items that make great gifts, life easier or wonderful additions to your online shopping cart. Ahead, find a collection of 25 life-changing items that I would write individual, hand-written love notes to. They’re just that good, so it’s time you join the wave. As the most expensive item on this list, Roborock’s S7+ Robot Vacuum and Sonic Mop is 100% worth it (or else, it wouldn’t be included). It’s one of my favorite vacuums I reviewed, too, saving you time cleaning and adding much value to your smart home collection. For those who thrive off caffeine (myself included), Nespresso’s Vertuo Plus Coffee and Espresso Maker is top-of-the-line. It makes barista-style blends in seconds, coming with pods that instantly turn into smooth froths. Plus, it makes a great gift. After reviewing SMEG’s retro machine, it’s one of the best coffee grinders I rounded up (and, the cutest by far). With your favorite whole beans (Atlas Coffee Club and Peet’s Coffee make some of my favorites), you’ll be all set to grab your French press and enjoy. Speaking of coffee, Lulu Candles has the finest aromatic blend that instantly transports you to your favorite coffeehouse. The decadent scent is evident even when it’s not lit, too, and it makes a spectacular, less-than-$25 gift. What I learned from years of testing hair products and tools? You don’t necessarily need the most expensive products, just the right ones. This $12 set of velcro rollers has — you guessed it — changed the game tenfold for its volumizing effect when blow-drying. Grab it ASAP, thank us later. What’s more, the brand’s Hot Toddy Heat Protectant Mist ($29) and Southern Belle Volume-Boosting Root Lifter ($29) are some of my favorites to pair the set with. The Always Pan from Our Place has sat on my stovetop since I reviewed it and never left it (it’s that good). It replaces eight pieces of cookware, makes an elegant cookware piece itself and is ideal for whipping up eggs to stir-fry dinners. If you’re on the hunt for your next loungewear essential, look no further than Wildfox’s Baggy Beach Jumper. I feel like I live in it at this point; it’s wonderful to sleep in and just as great for running errands in. Plus, the colorways are endless. Want to make your smart TV smarter? Amazon’s best-selling Fire Stick can help you achieve just that. Dubbed one of the best streaming devices on the market, its ability to connect with Alexa and to stream your favorites on Disney+, Hulu and more is unmatched. After testing 50 full-coverage foundations (yes, 50), Charlotte Tilbury’s Beautiful Skin Foundation is one of the tops on my list. Not only is its coverage beautiful (as its name suggests) and buildable, but it never looks cakey and works well on mature skin, too. For $28, we’re begging you to buy Amika’s Brooklyn Bombshell Blowout Volume Spray. It smells absolutely incredible, pairs well with the brand’s new Double Agent 2-in-1 Straightening Blow Dryer Brush ($150) and is used after every shower. Plus, the packaging is adorable. If you’re looking for a luxurious body lotion, Nécessaire is calling your name. Paired with the brand’s Body Wash ($25) and Body Serum ($45), it’s my go-to shower routine that helps treat my skin to good hydration. Not to mention, niacinamide is skin-boosting (check out our roundup of the best niacinamide serums for more). Truthfully, I’m not one for the gym; I’d rather exercise from home. But, with obé Fitness’s live and on-demand classes, I feel like I’m part of something much larger than my YouTube fitness videos on a loop (and, the classes are super encouraging). After reviewing the platform, I enjoy dance HIIT and upper body power classes the best, though pilates, sculpt and yoga are incredible, too. For $27 a month, it’s at least worth a try. Walk — don’t run — to the Dyson V8. It’s the best Dyson vacuum I reviewed and one of the best vacuums overall I reviewed. Once you go cordless, you’ll never go back; it has never been easier to clean my home. Not only is this four-pack of Mini Claw Clips just adorable, but it’s the perfect size if you have shorter hair or just want the front pieces of your hair out of your face. I can’t go a day without having these in my hair, with at least one sitting nicely on my nightstand at all times. Mascaras can be a hit or a miss, but Lancôme’s Lash Idôle Lash-Lifting & Volumizing Waterproof Mascara? A definite hit. It’s a new release from the brand and, on my first day coating my lashes with it, I was (1) asked if I had lash extensions and (2) was told my lashes looked much longer. That said, it’s a less-than-$30 purchase that’s well worth the buy. If you’re looking for a new pair of women’s running shoes or match-all white sneakers, APL’s TechLoom Pros are the most comfortable. They’re durable, give your foot support and are a great investment to keep in your wardrobe. I have sensitive teeth and, even after trying professional teeth whitening (made possible by my dentist), I haven’t had any luck making my teeth looking bright-white — until I reviewed Co. by Colgate’s At-Home Teeth Whitening Kit. It’s so simple to use: recharge the mold, brush the pen’s serum onto your teeth and leave it on for 10 minutes. It’ll beep and turn off when it’s finished and I notice results as soon as the next day. If you have a formal or wedding to go to — or even prom — you need to hit up Windsor’s selection of formal dresses. It’s one of the only brands I’ll turn to for fancy occasions because the quality is there and the price is fair. If you’re looking for more dresses, check out our guide to the best cocktail dresses. Abercrombie is having a comeback, baby, and we’re so here for it. We reviewed the brand’s jeans (not to mention, the brand has some of our favorite jeans in general) and they’re ideal for any body type. Specifically, it’s wide-leg pants are flattering. If you’re looking for designer-looking sunglasses that won’t break the bank, QUAY’s Coffee Run lenses are the sturdiest ones I own and look high-quality. I can’t believe they’re less than $75, too, and am surprised I reach for them more than my Ray-Bans. Meet my lunch bag — though it’s not any lunch bag. It looks like a work tote and is the ideal size to fit a meal prep container and other of your favorite snacks. If you’re a commuter, get on this ASAP. Even if you’re not the most tech-savvy person on the planet, you need a USB-C Hub. For those devices you own where there’s no USB port, this miniature tech device is essential, allowing you to connect your phone charger, USB microphone and clip-on ring light ($20) at once. It’s pretty great, and one of the best tech items you’ll find. On some nights, I enjoy tuning into an expert-led MasterClass than watching Netflix (shocker alert). Specifically, Gordon Ramsay’s cooking class has my full attention and, for just $15 a month, it hasn’t been easier to learn a new skill or sharpen a rusty one. OK, real talk — stickers shouldn’t be called “life-changing,” but if you have a planner, this all-in-one pack is everything you’ll ever need. From options to flag pay days and laundry days to others offering cute proverbs and colorful designs, you’ll want to snatch this for the next month. As one of our favorite cookie delivery services, Levain Bakery is hard for other brands to live up to. It’s one of the best in NYC, and it’s four-pack of cookies makes an incredible birthday gift (or sweet surprise for any occasion). Oh, and if you want a recommendation, go for the dark chocolate peanut butter (you won’t regret it). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.