Seventh of an 11-part series. Coming tomorrow: linebackers. Before he started terrorizing quarterbacks and running backs, George Karlaftis was scared to play football. Karlaftis grew up outside of Athens, Greece playing six sports, including a starring role as a water polo goalkeeper for the under-16 national team. In the rare instance when American football was discussed at home, Karlaftis’ father — a standout javelin thrower who joined the Miami football team as a walk-on in the early 1990s — told a horror story: He suffered a severe skull injury after his helmet flew off during practice, and the ensuing complex surgery left a large scar. “I was really scared because he was like, ‘It’s really dangerous. Stay away from it,’ ” Karlaftis told The Post. “He didn’t even want to mention football.” But when Matt Karlaftis died of a heart attack at age 44 in June 2014 and his wife moved George and the couple’s three younger children back near her family’s home in Purdue-based West Lafayette, Ind., George became immersed in football. Family members reassured him about the sport’s safety advancements made over decades, and he saw a fast way to make new friends. “I played more for the social aspect at first,” Karlaftis said. “But everyone was smaller than me and not as good as athletes — weaker or not as fast. I thought, ‘These guys say they are tough, and I know I’m pretty tough. I might try this — and I might be pretty good at this.’” Talk about an understatement. “For him to do what he’s done in a short amount of time,” Purdue defensive line coach Mark Hagen told Big Ten Network, “it’s almost impossible.” Now 6-foot-4, 266 pounds, Karlaftis is about to be a first-round pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, with scouts excited that the high-motor three-down edge rusher might just be scratching the surface. The 2021 third-team All-American totaled 29 tackles for loss, 14 sacks, three forced fumbles, four fumble recoveries and scored a touchdown in 26 career games. “I don’t have habits built in. I’m a blank canvas,” Karlaftis said. “A lot of kids start playing football in the second or third grade and get burnt out and can’t learn anything more about it. I want to learn everything there is about it. I’m very eager to develop my body. I love to practice.” Karlaftis, 21, is bilingual — both English and Greek were used in his childhood home — and some NFL personnel will break the ice by asking “How are you?” in Greek (Ti kaneis). But he has yet to meet a person in his pre-draft travels who can carry a full conversation in his native language — proof that while his two homes are separated by about 5,500 miles, his two lives are worlds apart. What would his father — an accomplished engineering professor — think of the path he has followed? “Seeing the progress the sport has made in player safety and equipment, and how if you play it the right way and being cautious with injury, I think he would be OK with me playing,” Karlaftis said. “Aside from that, I think he would be pretty proud. He always talked about how there are scientists who were really successful in the sports world. I graduated college in three years and now I’m a pro athlete. I think that would be his dream for me.” Dreams have special meaning in this family of believers that “all moms have superpowers,” especially theirs. When Karlaftis enrolled in an American school for the first time as an eighth-grader, he struggled to understand the organization of a school day. He thought it strange that friends rode bikes or played carefree in the yards of suburban neighborhoods. He had never heard of the Super Bowl. Soon, however, Karlaftis put the NFL and Pro Football Hall of Fame logos on a storyboard for a class project on “The American Dream.” Though he has never met two-time NBA MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo — nicknamed “The Greek Freak” — he feels a kinship in aligned thinking. “I’m a firm believer that ‘The American Dream’ is very much alive and well. I have the opportunity now to do what I never thought possible,” he said. “I’ve watched interviews with Giannis from when he was young and says, ‘From the moment I picked up a basketball, I wanted to be the best in the NBA.’ It’s the same type of feeling for me. I fell in love with the sport right after I started playing, and I decided I was going to be the best at it.” Karlaftis quickly found that his background in water polo offered three benefits: A sense of the time commitment needed to be great; strong legs from practice treading water for long durations; and the mindset of a leader who is comfortable with teammates depending on him. “My tank is getting emptied every day,” Karlaftis tells NFL teams. “You are getting everything I’ve got on the field, and as a leader someone who can represent the organization in the community and nationally. Someone who is going to work tirelessly to bring you to the Super Bowl.” Now that he learned what that game is, of course.