Home is where the heart is — and it’s where the art is. A sprawling California estate with idyllic gardens inspired by Claude Monet has hit the market for $35 million. Known as Villa Nafissa, the custom-built Rancho Santa Fe property stands on a colossal 39 acres of land with manicured gardens that take cues from Monet’s famed gardens at Giverny — his real-life greenspace in France that inspired his impressionist masterpieces. “Discover romantic paths, a lake and waterfalls as you explore the impressive grounds that are a horticultural oasis of 3,000+ species of flora, fruit and mature trees,” the listing says. The main house spans more than 16,000 square feet and is built with European craftsmanship. Made up of seven bedrooms and nine bathrooms, features include a domed living room with creamy marble floors. The rich stone textures are paired with expansive windows and doorways throughout, the listing adds. There is also a separate clubhouse with a double-sided fireplace, a commercial-grade kitchen, a dining area, a media room and an upstairs office. Elsewhere on the estate are two separate guest houses which total more than 10,000 square feet and 10 ensuite bedrooms nestled in their own private settings, overlooking the pool. Outdoor amenities include that pool, which has a waterfall feature and a hidden spa, a tennis and basketball court, a children’s play area, a jogging path, and a yoga and meditation garden. The gardens supply fruits and vegetables — and perhaps inspiration for your next painting. Additionally, the estate is zoned for up to 50 horses. Monica Sylvester with Willis Allen Real Estate holds the listing. “The stunning gardens of the Villa Nafissa–a spectacular custom-built estate– was inspired by the love for Monet’s gardens and artwork,” Sylvester told The Post. “While the inspiration itself is a treasured family secret there is no denying this Claude Monet-inspired garden is truly a work of art in itself capturing the romance and beauty the estate exemplifies.” “The dedicated organic garden combines rural splendor with the comforts of down home living, offering farm to table food production on a daily basis.”