The Issue: The deadly shooting of 16-year-old Angellyh Yambo outside her Bronx school on Friday. Another innocent child murdered, and why? Because of the politicians in Albany and the power they hold (“Killed on school steps,” April 9). When are New Yorkers going to wake up? When will the New York news organizations, besides The Post, publish the horrors that are happening in New York? Every week more children are murdered. We need a big broom in Albany, and that can only happen at the polls in November if New Yorkers wake up. If not, their children could be the next victims. Patricia Fletcher Massapequa Jeremiah Ryan should be prosecuted as an adult. If you’re 17 years old, and you take a gun and kill somebody, you’re old enough to pay for it. Lower the age from 18 to 16, and you’ll see how fast the crime rate goes down. It’s the only solution there is. Michael Litsios Riverdale Will New York state ever learn from its never-ending mistakes? Crime is out of control especially in New York City. Our children can no longer walk the streets safely. Shootings on our streets have become the norm. A 17-year-old shot a 16-year-old girl walking home. He was shooting at someone else and killed this poor, innocent young girl. A 17-year-old walking around with a gun and looking to kill is not a child. He is a criminal, who destroyed a family by killing their daughter for no reason. It’s time we get tough. It’s time the corrupt politicians in the Legislature are held accountable for this no-bail insanity. It’s time that politicians in Albany fight to get these criminals in jail, instead of left on the streets to commit more crimes. We have the greatest power of all — the vote. It’s time we used it to make our city and state safe for us all. If we don’t, we have no one to blame but ourselves. Gene Lindsay Mastic The fact that an innocent teen girl — who by all accounts was a studious and caring individual — was cut down and killed in a gunfight near her South Bronx high school is obscene. I can’t think of a better time for Mayor Adams and his police commissioner to rethink their restrictive attitude regarding stop-and-frisk. You never know when it might save a life. Charles Winokoor Fall River, Mass. Yambo’s senseless murder was not only done by the shooter, but by the leadership — if you want to call it that — of New York City as well as the governor. Bill de Blasio, the worthless former mayor, and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez pushed to defund the police, and de Blasio broke up the undercover units of the NYPD. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg should be ousted for letting criminals out. The legislators of New York are to blame as well, as is every New Yorker who voted these clowns in. The world is not all butterflies, rainbows and unicorns. It’s a harsh world, with evil criminals, and knuckleheads think it’s all going to change. New York has some of the toughest gun laws. Just a wake-up call: Gang members and criminals don’t register guns or follow gun laws. James Pappas Manhattan On Saturday’s front page, the Post referred to the tragic loss of life in the Bronx as “another horrific example of gun violence.” While a gun was used in this tragedy, I believe we have to call this what it really is: It’s the complete disregard for life and civility in this world. These miscreants on the streets nowadays have free rein to do whatever they want with no repercussions. So before all the woke politicians start calling for more gun laws, let’s try enforcing the laws that are already in place. It’s time for the people committing these horrific crimes to learn there are penalties for their actions. Michael Murphy Mahopac Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.