Ukraine’s foreign minister claimed Sunday that his country had “won the battle” for Kyiv but warned combat will ramp up in Donbas — as chilling photos showed an 8-mile Russian convoy heading toward the region. Ukrainian officials also reported finding a new mass grave filled with dozens of civilian corpses in the newly liberated village of Buzova outside Kyiv. Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba hailed Ukrainian forces for retaking Kyiv and its surrounding area from Russian troops but said the Kremlin is preparing to launch brutal new efforts. “It’s true to say that Ukraine won the battle for Kyiv. Now, another battle is coming, the battle for Donbas,” Kuleba told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “And of course, we are preparing to it, working with our partners to get all necessary weapons, and literally basically everything that one needs to win a battle.” Kuleba said Ukraine’s military has proven itself to be one of the “strongest” globally. “I believe it will not be an exaggeration to say that Ukraine proved to have one of the strongest army in the world, maybe the second strongest after the United States,” he said. “Not in terms of numbers but in terms of the battle experience and capacity to fight. And all we need is state-of-the-art weapons,” he said, calling on NATO to provide more support to defeat Russian forces. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki agreed that Ukraine “essentially won the battle of Kyiv.’’ “They’ve protected their city, and that is because of their bravery, their courage, but it is also because of the supplies, the military equipment, everything we’ve expedited, $1.7 billion’s worth, from the United States,” Psaki claimed on “Fox News Sunday.” But retired Gen. David Petraeus, who helmed the US operation in its war in Afghanistan till 2010, warned that Ukrainians can expect “quite a fight” from Russian forces preparing for a “massive breakthrough” in eastern Ukraine. “You can expect more of what we have seen the hallmark of the Russian forces so far has been — indiscipline, not discipline,” Petreaus told “State of the Union.” “It has been a violation of the Geneva Convention and the law of land warfare and so forth,” he said of Russian troops’ behavior. “We’ve seen repeated evidence of that. And that’s what we’re gonna see more of, I fear, in the days and weeks that lie ahead.” Concerns of an onslaught on Ukraine’s southeast came as satellite photos emerged of a Russian military convoy heading toward the Donbas region. The images, taken Friday by Maxar Technologies, showed the 8-mile-long convoy consisting of hundreds of armored vehicles and trucks carrying artillery and equipment. The developments came as: Zelensky, in his nightly address Sunday, said Russians had become “monsters. “When people lack the courage to admit their mistakes, apologize, adapt to reality, learn, they turn into monsters,’’ the Ukraine president said. “And when the world ignores it, the monsters decide as if it is the world that has to adapt to them. “Ukraine will stop all this. Nothing will help Russian cowardice. There will come a day when they will have to admit everything, admit the truth.” With Post Wires