It’s time for a spring refresh. So update your wardrobe with floral dresses, bring out the grills and get ready for some seasonal reading. Contrary to popular belief, spring refreshes aren’t solely reserved for closets and activities. They’re also perfect for updating your SEO strategy to close out the first half of 2022. Whether you’re a small businesses, freelance marketer, work in the B2B or CMO industry, or someone who is simply building a website or blog, an updated SEO strategy can completely revolutionize your impact. So if you’re someone who is interested in increasing your conversion rates and site efficiency, we have some good news for you —keyword giant, Semrush, is here to help. Right now, you can unlock a 14-day free trial to Semrush and gain access to more than 50 tools to grow your online presence across a variety of marketing channels. At the end of the day, organic search traffic will always prove more effective than targeted ads being tossed around left and right. Plus, with the only platform that has the largest keyword database on the market of 20 billion keywords across 130 countries, you can confidently know you’re getting the best return possible. Beyond the plethora of keywords and metrics, Semrush also offers access to various stats such as competitor optimizations, global volume, related keywords, corresponding questions toxic link monitoring and penalty recovery. Best of all, no mattter which subscription plan you opt in for, you are guaranteed the most accurate position tracking tool due to the daily position tracking updates for all Semrush users. Semrush doesn’t just talk the talk, but the strategy platform also walks the walk. Tested by 7 million professionals and relied on by 30% of Fortune 500 companies, Semrush actually works and shows results. If you don’t believe us, take Edelweiss Bakery, the artisan bakery who decided to lean into SEO. Within four short months, the bakery was able to increase mobil organic traffic from 171 monthly visits to 785 monthly visits, which translates to a 460% traffic increase. Semrush hasn’t only aided Edleweiss Bakery in their traffic increase, but has also helped countless other top-rated companies get to the next level, which you can dive deeper into here. Ready to take your organic search play to the next level? Then take advantage of a 14-day free trial to the keyword mogul. You’ll be elevating your company with the help of SEO, content marketing, competitor research, PPC and social media in no time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.