A prominent cancer biologist who resigned from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology amid sexual harassment allegations is being considered for a job at New York University, school officials said. Dr. David Sabatini — who resigned from MIT earlier this month after the university recommended revoking his tenure — is being mulled as a possible faculty member at NYU’s Grossman School of Medicine. “Dr. Sabatini’s work and scientific accomplishments are widely recognized, and any decision about a potential role at NYU Grossman School of Medicine would be subject to careful and extensive due diligence and consultation with a broad group of stakeholders,” the school said in a statement to The Post Wednesday. Sabatini’s potential hiring, first reported Monday by Science magazine, has met opposition from more than 450 alumni who signed an open letter declaring their vehement opposition to the move. “There are countless faculty, trainees, and administrators still at NYU that show steadfast dedication to ethical conduct, effective mentorship, and a culture of mutual respect,” the letter reads. The decision to recruit Sabatini “betrays trainee trust” and undermines the school’s mission, alumni claim. “The world is watching NYU set this dangerous precedent and the decision to potentially hire Dr. Sabatini threatens the legitimacy and safety of the worldwide scientific enterprise,” the open letter continued. Sabatini, who has not been criminally charged, resigned from MIT after the university determined he violated its policy on consensual sexual relationships, Science magazine reported. Sabatini was also fired in August by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and forced to resign from MIT’s Whitehead Institute of Biomedical Research after an investigation into the allegations. At the time, MIT placed him on administrative leave, the Boston Globe previously reported. In a statement on his website, Sabatini, 54, denied the allegations that he sexually harassed a graduate student and coerced her into having sex. “As I have detailed in my legal filings and have said consistently from the start, I had a romantic relationship with a 30-year-old colleague who was not in my lab and did not report to me,” the statement reads. “She is now retroactively and falsely framing this relationship as harassment.” The woman, who filed a civil lawsuit against Sabatini in December, claims he “groomed” her while under her mentorship and first coerced her into sex in 2018 inside a Washington, DC, hotel room, the Globe reported. Sabatini then demanded sex with the grad student more than 10 times in 2018 and 2019, often while using obscene messages, her lawsuit claims. A spokesperson at NYU’s Grossman School of Medicine noted Wednesday that Sabatini had not yet been hired. “We are taking a thorough look at Dr. Sabatini’s situation because it is apparent that many aspects of his departure from MIT were never publicly scrutinized and the investigation itself is now the subject of litigation for alleged due process flaws,” the school’s statement continued. Dozens of Sabatini’s peers and colleagues, meanwhile, conveyed a “first-hand view that is starkly at odds” with MIT’s investigation, according to NYU’s Grossman School of Medicine. “We are working hard to ensure that our conclusions and course of action are guided by facts and evidence rather than social media or incomplete press coverage, and we urge the community to not prejudge or draw unwarranted conclusions until our full evaluation has been completed,” the school’s statement concluded.