Some people were just born to inspire others, from Oprah Winfrey to Tony Robbins. If you’ve ever dreamed of helping other people better their lives, but aren’t quite sure how to start, the Life Coach Certification Bundle is the perfect place. You’ll get access to six courses all geared toward helping you bring positive changes to your prospective clients’ lives, and they can all be yours for just $28.98 — that’s less than $5 a course. The Life Coach Certification Bundle is taught by professionals Natalie Rivera and Joeel Rivera. Natalie has a background in coaching, having opened a non-profit teen coaching center back in 2007 and developed a program for the Prosecution Alternatives for Youth. Joeel is an experienced relationship counselor and workshop facilitator who has been working since 2007 and is certified in PREP, a 30-year research-based program. Together, these two helpful teachers have worked with over 40,000 students from 183 different countries during their careers. Kick off your learning with Natalie and Joeel with Mindfulness Life Coach Certification, a total blueprint for life coaching that includes over 50 mindfulness exercises and techniques that you can use to help others. This course helps you develop mindfulness, a skill that you’ll benefit from and that you can then pass down to your clients to help them extend their lives and stay more present in the day-to-day. There are six hours of content you can access at any time, anywhere, helping you learn the psychology behind mindfulness and science behind the importance of meditation. Love the law of attraction? There’s a course for that! Law of Attraction Life Coach Certification teaches you to help your clients master the popular Law of Attraction in their daily lives, working with manifestation to make their dreams a reality. There are ten hours of content in this course that spread across 128 lectures that you’ll be able to dive in at whatever time is most convenient. And four other courses all geared toward helping you help others. Happy student Narendra raved, “The coaches Natalie Rivera and Joeel’s coaching style is amazing.” Find out for yourself how easy it can be to start helping others as a career. Get the Life Coach Certification Bundle today for just $28.98 for a limited time. Prices subject to change