If you are a believer that it is what’s up front that counts most of all, Giants Mock Draft 3.0 is the one for you. The Giants with their two first round picks get big-time help along their offensive and defensive lines, making for a significant first-day strike. Using the Pro Football Network simulator, the Giants use their nine selections to add to their depth chart in many places, find a possible starter at tight end on Day 3 and take a surprising stab to enhance their kicking game. Here is Giants Mock Draft 3.0: Previous picks: OL Ickey Ekwonu, OL Evan Neal In this simulation, offensive tackle Evan Neal (Alabama) is not on the board but the Giants are not sweating it out, as they are happy to select a monster prospect, an engaging 21-year old who is delightful off the field and nasty on it.  Ekwonu is a bulldozer in the running game and will need to develop as a pass protector.  At 6-4 and 310 pounds he looks more like a guard but his 34-inch arms are tackle-length.  There is a spot waiting for him at right tackle and the hope is he and Andrew Thomas are bookends on the line for years to come. Previous picks: DE Travon Walker, CB Sauce Gardner. Edge rusher or defensive lineman?  Does it matter?  At 6-5 and 272 pounds he is a physical specimen and he ran the fastest 40-yard dash (4.51) ever at the combine by a player weighing 270 or more pounds.  This is not yet an accomplished pass rusher – 9.5 sacks in 36 college games – and he may never be a quick-twitch edge guy.  He is a force against the run with outstanding upper and lower body strength and scouts say he has “violent hands.’’  New defensive coordinator Wink Martindale gets a prize and Walker, Dexter Lawrence and Leonard Williams form a formidable three-man line. Previous picks: C Tyler Linderbaum, G Kenyon Green Pitre did it all for the Bears as the 2021 Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year.  He can blitz, he can cover in the slot and he is a playmaker – 18.5 tackles for loss last season.  With the release of Logan Ryan, there is a need here and Pitre should be a nice complement to rising star Xavier McKinney on the back end of the defense. Previous picks: S Jalen Pitre, Edge Josh Paschal This is what a slot receiver looks like and he could be the eventual replacement for Sterling Shepard, who is coming off surgery to repair a torn Achilles tendon.  Moore was highly-productive in 2021 with 95 receptions for 1,292 yards and 10 touchdowns but this came against a mid-level of competition and he is not a speed burner. Previous picks: LB Leo Chenal, WR Khalil Shakir Five-year player with 44 college starts.  Dean’s List, Honor Roll, all-Academic teams, you name it, this smart guy did it.  Might have position versatility as a center.  At 6-foot-6, will need to bulk up his 301-pound frame.  Tough on the field and should be able to quickly acclimate to the NFL game. Previous picks: TE Cade Otton, TE Jeremy Ruckert There is a definite need for a tight end and this seems like the right spot for the Giants to strike.  Kolar has great size (6-6, 260) and catches everything that comes his way.  He had 168 career receptions for 2,181 yards and 23 touchdowns in his four-year college career.  Will need to get tougher as a blocker but there is time for that. Previous picks: RB James Cook, OL Zach Tom Good-sized (6-foot, 195) corner with speed (4.36) and the ability to play bump-and-run coverage.  Considered a leader and as he competes on defense should find a home right away as a gunner on special teams, always a plus for a rookie. Previous picks: G Jamaree Salyer, CB Cordale Flott Now hold on there.  A punter?  This would be the highest a punter was selected since 1995 (Todd Sauerbrun, second round) and probably will not happen.  But you never know.  The Giants got rid of Riley Dixon, signed Jamie Gillan from the Browns and they need someone to flip the field.  Araiza, a left-footer, in 2021 had 18 punts of 60 or more yards and 62 of his 72 kickoffs went for touchbacks. Previous pick: CB Vincent Gray, DT Noah Elliss You want to know how tough this guy is?  The coaching staff in Waco asked him to play linebacker in 2020 and he did.  He returned to offense this past season and the 221-pound bruiser set a school record with 1,601 rushing yards.  Think the Giants can find a spot for him on special teams?