Twitter has removed trans activist and singer Faye Fadem‘s music video which contained a J.K. Rowling death threat. “Notting Hill” actor James Dreyfuss revealed on Twitter that he filed a complaint with the social media platform over an April 1 tweet penned by Fadem directed at the “Harry Potter” author, 56, who has caused controversy as of late in regards to her anti-trans views. Dreyfuss, 53, said that the video by Fadem, who releases music under the name “Trust Fund Ozu,” included the lyrics “As I kill (Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminists)” and “J.K. I hope you fit in a hearse.” These words are in an apparent violation of Twitter’s terms of service. Alongside a screenshot of Twitter’s response, Dreyfuss tweeted on April 2, “Surprise, Surprise! So, death threats=Good. Saying ‘women are women’=Bad. @Twitter@TwitterSupport Congratulations. You’ve hit rock bottom. Seek help.” In the photo, Twitter responded, “After viewing the available information, we want to let you know that TrustFundOzu hasn’t broken our safety policies.” Fadem said on April 2 that her video had been removed from Twitter and wrote to her followers, “This one doing numbers with the transphobes. Getting off twitter for the day.” Rowling later chimed in on the musician’s video herself, writing: “I’m afraid I can’t give a shout out to everyone promising to murder me – there are so many of you, and I’m a busy woman – but this one deserves a mention for the nineties rave vibe, @TrustFundOzu.” However, Fadem wasn’t happy with Rowling’s tweet and slammed the British writer. “I know it’s not the point, but this is a very tame tweet compared to what I and many other trans people get in our comment sections every day,” she wrote. “Like, this can’t be the worst thing people are saying to her.” Fadem has another version of her music video posted on her feed. She captioned it, “Glad I finally have a video to share every time J.K. Rowling posts transphobic bulls— (today).” Rowling caused some heat in 2020 when she fired off a series of tweets mocking transgender issues. She retweeted an international-development group’s article on “global menstrual health and hygiene.” She then ridiculed the title: “Creating a more equal post-COVID-19 world for people who menstruate.” “People who menstruate,” she mocked. “I’m sure there used to be a word for those people. Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?” She also did not appear earlier this year on HBO Max’s “Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts” special alongside the rest of the franchise’s cast — Rupert Grint, Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson.