Two Republican senators released new documents detailing financial ties between the Biden family and “corrupt actors” in Ukraine, Russia and China during a lengthy presentation from the upper chamber’s floor on Tuesday. In their third address on the subject since April 28, Sen. Chuck Grassley, of Iowa and Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin spent nearly half an hour following up on their September 2020 report about Hunter Biden’s business dealings in Ukraine as lawmakers continued to debate the nomination of Ketanji Brown Jackson to the Supreme Court. The senators’ accusations largely dovetailed with an exclusive October 2020 New York Post report that detailed how Hunter Biden leveraged the political clout of President Joe Biden to make money overseas during and after his father’s tenure as vice president. Grassley, 88, presented financial documents that showed how a Chinese energy company with close ties to its communist regime moved millions of dollars to companies owned by Hunter Biden and his uncle James Biden, the president’s brother, in 2017. The senator also displayed a $99,000 credit card authorization form signed by Robert Biden and Gongwen Dong, a Chinese communist associate who allegedly financed a global spending spree for Robert and Hunter that year. Johnson, 66, laid out a timeline that showed how then-Vice President Joe Biden met with Hunter’s business partner Devin Archer in the White House two months after a 2014 revolution in Ukraine ousted its corrupt government. Five days later, the vice president visited Ukraine, and a day after that Archer, who was convicted of fraud earlier this year in an unrelated case, joined the board of the energy company Burisma, the senator said. Johnson detailed how later that week British officials froze $23 million of the company’s assets in a corruption investigation, and several weeks later Hunter joined Burisma’s board for a salary of $50,000 a month while his investment fund received a $3.5 million wire from Elena Baturina, then the wealthiest woman in Russia. “What a coincidence,” Johnson uttered. “It’s quite interesting to see how much significant activity involving the Bidens and corrupt actors in Russia and Ukraine occurred within a six week period only two months after the Ukrainian Revolution of Dignity,” he said. “It sure looks like they intended to cash in in turmoil in Ukraine.” Neither President Biden nor his son have been criminally accused of wrongdoing, and both have denied allegations of impropriety. The FBI was probing Hunter’s overseas business dealings in connection with a tax fraud investigation into the 52-year-old. The senators said their research had been vindicated in recent weeks by New York Times and Washington Post articles that acknowledged the validity of The Post’s 2020 report, which was decried as “Russian disinformation” by former intelligence officials. Johnson implored the media to pursue the matter “with more rigor,” and provided newspapers and television networks with a letter of questions that he thought they should ask the White House about their report. They also accused the media and lawmakers across the aisle of being complicit in suppressing accusations of impropriety in the Biden family ahead of the presidential election. “The liberal media wanted to provide cover for then-candidate Joe Biden,” Grassley said. “They did whatever they could to smear our investigations.” “We still haven’t received any apologies from our Democratic colleagues for their false claims against us these past several years. They haven’t apologized to the American people and I’m not going to hold my breath.”