A new-construction home built by starchitect Zoltan Pali in the tony Bel-Air enclave of Los Angeles has hit the market for $47.5 million. The three-story property offers Pali’s unique brand of modernist design set on 0.85 acres and with the ongoing entertainment of overlooking the Bel-Air Country Club’s fourth green. “You’re immediately struck with the views, which are just phenomenal. You see the entire skyline of the LA Basin and you’re right on the golf course,” listing agent Sally Forster Jones, of Compass, told Mansion Global. (She shares the listing with Drew Fenton of Hilton & Hyland in a co-exclusive.) “From almost every room you’re getting the views of the golf course and the entire cityscape.” Pali, 60, hails from Los Angeles and is world-renowned for his contemporary style, which is on full display at the 17,401-square-foot home, which features an abundance of straight lines and clean white surfaces, with nary a non-neutral color or circular shape in site. “The architect is extremely well known for his innovative contemporary homes,” noted Jones. “Each of his homes is truly a masterpiece and not repeated. The architecture of this property is extremely dramatic and engaging and cutting edge.” The property — which developer Viewpoint Collection bought for slightly more than $13.5 million in 2015 and built out — features landscaped greenery, an infinity pool with a floating deck and spa, as well as a two-story cobblestone interior courtyard with a giant olive tree. Through a “modest entryway” the home features eight bedrooms and 11 bathrooms, including a primary suite in the southeast corner and a guest suite separated from the top level’s expansive living room by a travertine fireplace. The lower level is “an amenity showpiece,” the listing describes, with a “mini primary suite,” a gym, a family room and more en-suite bedrooms, all of which open to the pool area. In the lowest level are staff quarters, a wine room and a theater. “It’s one of the most premier—if not the premier—areas of Los Angeles, with huge estates and a beautiful golf course,” described Jones. “East Gate is the most coveted location in Bel-Air, and it’s the prime desired location for anyone looking for a majestic estate.”