One of the internet’s most affordable furniture stores is giving shoppers even more bang for their buck during Wayfair’s annual Way Day Sale. The shopping event, happening April 27 and April 28 only, features hundreds of discounted items. You can save as much as 80% on items like mattresses, bar carts, TV stands and conveniently right before summer starts — outdoor furniture. With warm weather comes the desire to spend more time outside but if you’ve been putting off completing your outdoor oasis due to the expense, we’ve got you covered. The best way to save big on your outdoor space is by finding an epic discount on the essentials. Whether that be a Gazebo, an entire sectional, an outdoor heater or just a few stackable chairs. Luckily, the New York Post Shopping team is here to help you create the perfect space at a great price, thanks to Wayfair’s Way Day sale. Keep reading to shop our top 15 outdoor furniture deals and check out our master list of the best Wayfair Way Day 2022 Deals here. This gazebo, canopy-hybrid comes in a variety of colors to match whatever aesthetic you’re going for and is made of superior tear-resistant fabric. It also features drainage holes on the edge to prevent rainwater from gathering. There’s no better feeling than kicking back in the sun with your favorite cocktail, after a long day. This weather resistant rattan three person L-shaped sectional will definitely help fulfill that desire. For an option with a bit more space, consider this curved patio sectional that can fit up to six people. Available in beige, navy, turquoise and red. Although Adirondack chairs can get pricey, Wayfair is discounting this Wade Logan pick for a steal. Choose from 24 different hues and grab it while you can. Do you love to garden? Then consider decorating your favorite part of the yard with this colorful peacock statue. Keeps things simple with this round outdoor dining table set that features four chairs and an umbrella. Give flowers, succulents, and herbs a place to call home with this rectangular planter box that’s available in four colors. Make your outdoor space ultra-comfy (and chic) with this egg swivel patoo chair. Invest in an outdoor rug like this discounted one made by Mistana Kendall. It’s currently available in two different rectangular sizes. If you just want to stick to the basics, you can’t go wrong with this set of two stackable patio dining chairs. Looking for outdoor lighting? If so, you won’t be disappointed with this outdoor hanging lantern. Host game night outside this spring and summer and make it that much more fun (and comfortable) with this discounted corner sectional that would look great in any space. A rocking chair is a classic piece that is great for porches or patios. This one comes in four color patterns and features a cozy cushion. The Andover Mills Gunnora Outdoor Barn Light is another great option for those looking for light in their outdoor oasis. While not technically an outdoor furniture piece, Wayfair is also slashing prices on outdoor toys for kids — including this epic water slide that’s on sale for TKTK. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.