In November, George Harrison’s childhood home in Liverpool, England, went up for auction for the first time in nearly a decade. Two weeks later, it landed a buyer from the other side of the pond — superfan Ken Lambert, who is now turning the iconic home into an Airbnb rental and house museum. Lambert, 48, who hails from New Hampshire, never dreamed he would one day own a piece of Beatles history, until he put in an offer for £171,000 (which equates to $250,000) and no one else bid any higher. Now Lambert, who is in commercial construction, is only the third owner to have ever owned the home since the Harrisons. “Once I realized I was the winner, it was pretty shocking,” Lambert told The Post. “I really started to think about what I was going to do with the property. I’m not a wealthy individual. It’s not like I go around buying up properties. I’m a Beatles fan, yes, but I am a big George Harrison fan specifically.” Located at 25 Upton Green in the suburb of Speke, the historic house was used as the band’s main practice spot in the late 1950s, with the group known as The Quarrymen at the time. Harrison and his family had initially moved into the home in 1949, when he was just 6 years old. They lived in the residence until 1962, when Harrison was 18, according to Omega Auctions, which handled the sale. Lambert revealed that what prompted him to turn the home into an Airbnb and house museum for weekly tours was the realization that the other members of the band — John Lennon and Paul McCartney — had house museums dedicated to them, but Harrison did not. “I think it was a shame that George’s house had no relevance to millions of Beatles fans, but they’re waiting in line to walk into John Lennon’s house,” Lambert said. “George is my favorite Beatle. I want to respect his legacy.” The house is “a living museum by letting people stay overnight,” Lambert said, adding that a weekly tour group also stops by and spends about half an hour in the home drinking tea and playing music. While most of the three-bedroom, one-bathroom home has been renovated over the years with an upgraded kitchen, some of the original pieces from Harrison’s days in the home remain — including the original hutch in the kitchen, the bathtub and bathroom sink, the stair post and closet doors. Lambert has since visited the home twice, spending more than two months to get the place ready, since it came unfurnished and emptied. “It was pretty insane when I was able to walk through the house. I was there by myself. I kind of walked through it after I owned it. It was a very surreal experience, it was a remarkable feeling.” One of the first things Lambert did was go to a nearby guitar shop in Liverpool to buy an acoustic guitar for the home. “I play a bit and played in the room they rehearsed in. That was so important for me to do. I left the guitar there as a working prop,” he said. Lambert plans on visiting again and taking a trip to the historic home with his wife and two children in the summer. Currently, he has a local property manager taking care of the land and overlooking the rentals and the weekly tours. Perhaps the coolest part about his time visiting the home was getting to meet up with the former Quarrymen drummer, Colin Hanton, who was one of the original band members before they became the Beatles. “He is now 83 years old and it was so crazy that I was able to chat with him and be put in this position,” said Lambert. According to the Airbnb listing, it rents between $275 and $400 a night, depending on the date, plus a $150 cleaning fee. “Walk and stay in George’s bedroom, where he first heard himself and the band on the radio! There’s a comfortable double bed and a large closet,” the listing says. “Sit and strum a guitar in the same room that George, Paul, and John sat and rehearsed during the early years,” the listing adds. “Listen to old Beatles albums, on our retro standing record player — within a Beatles home!”