Jada Pinkett Smith’s ex is “sticking” it to the haters. August Alsina, 29, is addressing claims that he is in the midst of authoring a tell-all tome about his much-storied, lusty romance with Oscar-winner Will Smith’s wife of twenty-five years. “What would be the need to write a book about my supposed ‘sex life’ with ANYBODY, EVER, in life?,” questioned the R&B singer in a screenshot of a text message that he shared to Instagram Thursday. “If you are looking for that kind of entertainment, read the book called ‘Holy Bible’ while you’re at it.” Elsewhere, on Twitter, Alsina rebuked an internet instigator who inquired about his alleged forthcoming book. “No!,” he wrote in response to the busybody. “It would make you a messy thotBox of a supposed ‘man,’ for being [on Twitter] based off lies concerning where my stick goes,” the Louisiana-native added, punctuating the reference to his penis with the eggplant emoji. Representatives for Alsina did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment. But the singer’s saucy statements concerning the supposed memoir come just days after he made thinly veiled, albeit explosive references to his legendary “entanglement” affair with the married Pinkett Smith, 50, in new song “Shake the World” Monday. And the track’s debut closely followed the ongoing chaos caused when Smith, 53, slapped Chris Rock, 57, for teasing Pinkett Smith about her short hair during the Academy Awards. Whispers of Alsina’s forthcoming book surfaced Tuesday. “August is getting ready to sign a big money book deal which will detail his romantic liaisons with Jada,” a source close to the musician reportedly told The Sun. The insider also claimed that Alsina was in the midst of a “bidding war” with publishers who were promising six-figure paydays in exchange for his and Pinkett Smith’s sordid story. “August will go into detail about his time with Jada and will also speak about how he spent time living in homes owned by Will when he was away filming,” the unnamed source continued. But Alsina seemed to deny plans to pen a gossipy tale for a large lump of cash. “Why would one look to make that type of money, eating from the lowest a fruit, when God’s promise is GREAT HARVEST,” he continued in his rant on Instagram. “I’m God’s very own, so he makes me rich! Not just in spirit,” he asserted. “Be blessed.” So far, neither Will nor Jada Pinkett Smith have publicly commented on Alsina’s alleged tell-all.