As BLM-Antifa thugs ramp up activities ahead of the midterms, the hypocrisy and mammoth overreach of the Justice Department’s investigation into the Jan. 6, 2021, riot is coming into focus. The first acquittal of a Jan. 6 defendant who was “waved” into the Capitol by cops is the latest sign that the so-called “armed insurrection” is not living up to the Democrats’ hype. After the biggest probe in FBI history, not one charge of insurrection has been brought against any Trump supporter at the Capitol. We are reminded with sickening regularity of the double standard of justice applied to BLM–Antifa’s insurrectionists, who tore up cities and attacked cops and federal property in the run-up to the 2020 election and have suffered few consequences.In fact, they are more likely to be rewarded. Last week, the DOJ settled a lawsuit brought by civil-rights activists over the violent riots outside the White House from May 29 through June 3, 2020. These “mostly peaceful protests,” as The Washington Post describes them, were so violent that then-President Donald Trump and his family had to be rushed to an underground bunker after the historic St John’s Church was set ablaze. Dozens of federal officers were injured when they were pelted with bricks, rocks, caustic liquids, frozen water bottles, Molotov cocktails, rental scooters, fireworks and bottles of urine by rioters operating under the banner of Black Lives Matter — or, as BLM is now called by anyone who knows where the money went, “Buy Large Mansions.” The national media lapped up the Dems’ fake narrative of protesters brutally ejected from the park so that Trump could pose for a photo. That lie lingers, despite a detailed report by the Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, which found that Park Police did not use tear gas and only cleared the square to allow a contractor “to safely install anti-scale fencing in response to destruction of property and injury to officers.” Last week’s part-settlement of four civil cases, brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of BLM DC and five protestors, will cost taxpayers millions. But in a capitulation to the forces of destruction, it also strips Park police and the Secret Service of tools to control future violent riots. They will be required to wear fully visible nameplates and use “de-escalation” before “non-lethal force.” This is the same ACLU that has uttered not one word in defense of Jan. 6 protesters imprisoned without trial for months on end, in Washington, DC. Most are not charged with any violent offense. They just walked through open doors, “waved in” by Capitol police, as District Court Judge Trevor McFadden found when acquitting Matthew Martin of New Mexico this month. Instead of receiving a speedy trial, they have been defamed as “insurrectionists,” “domestic terrorists” and “white supremacists.” How are they supposed to get a fair trial when the Biden administration has weaponized the national security apparatus against Trump supporters, who the Democrats cast as “white supremacists”? Biden began his presidency by hyping the Jan. 6 riot as the “worst attack on our democracy since the Civil War” and laying the blame on “white supremacy and domestic terrorism” which he claimed is “ the most lethal terrorist threat to our homeland today.” Attorney General Merrick Garland vowed during his confirmation to “supervise the prosecution of white supremacists and others who stormed the Capitol on Jan. 6.” In a speech last June, he compared the “insurrection” to the Oklahoma City bombing.Speaker Nancy Pelosi has been using the January 6th House Select Committee as an unconstitutional, unaccountable, partisan star chamber whose sole aim is to dirty up Republicans ahead of the midterms. In July, she authorized the Committee to investigate “the terrorist mob attack.”The Committee keeps releasing incendiary public statements about “white supremacists,” and Pelosi has declared Trump an “accessory” to murder.The slavish acceptance of her dishonest narrative by the media all but guarantees that Jan. 6 defendants can’t receive a fair trial. To see how successful the narrative has been in poisoning the jury pool, look at polls which show most District of Columbia residents are prejudiced against the defendants. Lawyers for two defendants, in a motion last week to move their trials out of DC, cited a poll by Inlux Research, which found nearly 75% of DC residents would find Jan. 6 defendants guilty, and more than 40% said the Capitol riot was “racially motivated.”As bad as the storming of the Capitol was, it had nothing to do with race, just anger at what Trump supporters believed was an unfair election. Almost three quarters of DC residents believe that anyone inside the Capitol on Jan. 6, should be convicted of insurrection. Another poll by Zogby found 66% believe the events of Jan. 6 posed a “dire threat and worst assault on US democracy since Pearl Harbor.” Hyperbole straight from Biden and Pelosi’s lips to a jury room near you. DC is an outlier when it came to American attitudes to Jan. 6, says the motion: “Unlike D.C. residents, most Americans . . . believe that J6 was a very large protest that got out of hand and turned into a riot.” That is the current commonsense view of the Capitol riot.But public opinion may turn further against the Democrat narrative, as the full import of the Gretchen Whitmer case sinks in. The federal case alleging a domestic terror plot to kidnap the Michigan governor collapsed this month after a jury acquitted two men and deadlocked on two others, apparently agreeing that FBI agents had entrapped the hapless misfits. But the case, which exploded into public view just before the 2020 election, launched the false narrative that Trump supporters were domestic terrorists. Bit by bit, in legal filings for Jan. 6 defendants, we are seeing glimmers of a potentially similar type of FBI entrapment scheme over the Capitol riot. Just last week, a defense attorney stated in a court filing that, “At least 20 FBI and ATF [Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives] assets were embedded around the Capitol on J6.” The Democrats have nothing else to take to the midterms but demonization of their political foes, using the Jan. 6 Committee to subpoena members of the Trump administration and leak a steady drip of anti-Republican stories. But Pelosi’s perfidy is coming back to haunt her, as the lawyer for former Trump adviser Steve Bannon presses home the argument that the January 6 committee is unconstitutional. In a motion filed Friday to dismiss Bannon’s indictment for contempt of Congress, attorney Bob Costello argued that Pelosi’s rejection of Republican members put forward by House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy renders the Committee void. Neither of Pelosi’s hand-picked GOP patsies, Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger, count as the “ranking member” needed by the Committee to issue subpoenas. How delicious if Pelosi’s malice ends up destroying her star chamber.