PHOENIX — Tylor Megill’s training wheels have gradually loosened, to the point of disappearance. With each start this season, the Mets right-hander has increased his workload, in terms of length and pitches, largely passing each test. Even the hesitancy to let Megill face a lineup for a third time has dissipated. On Sunday, the Mets got a rebound performance from Megill, who worked into the seventh inning and carried the team to a 6-2 victory over the Diamondbacks at Chase Field. Megill pitched 6 ²/₃ innings and allowed two earned runs on five hits with seven strikeouts and one walk. He was removed after 92 pitches. “The progression, you like to take but the other team doesn’t always cooperate with you,” manager Buck Showalter said. “The player a lot of times is not good enough to get there. He’s been good enough to get there. He’s been very economical with his pitches, too.” In his previous start Megill allowed four early runs against the Giants, but still managed to work six innings and build his pitch count to 87. Megill owns a 2.35 ERA through four starts and has provided more than adequate coverage for the Mets as Jacob deGrom sits on the injured list. “I felt like everything was working,” Megill said. “As I looked at the pitch count [graphic], I was throwing a lot of strikes and getting ahead of a lot of batters.” Megill recorded two quick outs to begin the seventh, but his chances of completing the inning were dashed by Geraldo Perdomo’s double and Nick Ahmed’s ensuing RBI single. Seth Lugo entered to record the final out. Showalter admitted he had entertained the idea of letting Megill begin the eighth had he avoided trouble in the seventh. But the Mets will also want to observe Megill’s innings (he reached a career high of 130 ¹/₃ last season). “I know a lot of people underestimated him, but for him to come out, I’ve said since Opening Day he started turning some heads,” J.D. Davis said. “That was a real turning point in him, just making that extra step and getting better, mentally. We’re all impressed.” Megill received a cushion in the seventh, when the Mets used two walks, two hit batters and a single to score twice and establish a 4-1 lead. After James McCann was plunked by Edwin Uceta to load the bases, Travis Jankowski walked. Starling Marte got drilled by Taylor Widener to force in the inning’s second run. Davis blasted a solo homer in the eighth for another run. The lead extended to 6-2 on Sergio Alcantara’s fielding error on a James McCann grounder. Marte’s speed put the Mets ahead in the sixth. After stroking a one-out double, Marte stole third and scored after catcher Jose Herrera’s throw eluded Alcantara, who was attempting a swipe tag. Marte’s stolen base was his fourth of the season. Christian Walker’s 467-foot bomb to left-center tied it 1-1 in the fourth. Megill fell behind 2-1 in the count and grooved a 97-mph fastball that Walker crushed for his fourth homer this season. Francisco Lindor’s RBI single in the first gave the Mets a 1-0 lead. Mark Canha reached on an infield single leading off the game against Madison Bumgarner and reached second on Alcantara’s wild throw. Lindor delivered a one-out single that gave him 12 RBIs this season. The Mets won their fifth straight series to begin a season, matching a franchise record established in 2018. “We’re happy, but it is April,” Davis said. “We’ve got to stay on the gas pedal and learn from our mistakes and continue to win ballgames.”