After a long stretch of uncertainty and confusion in the world, there are growing signs of normalcy. The latest came the last few days in The Bronx, where the Yankees are rolling again — and the Orioles stink. The Yankees finished off a sweep of last-place Baltimore with a 10-5 win on Thursday, as the woeful Orioles made five errors, leading to six unearned runs. The victory extended the Yankees’ winning streak to six games, as they completed an undefeated homestand with a second straight series sweep after they did the same thing to Cleveland over the weekend. They’ve also won eight of their last nine to catapult themselves into first place in the AL East. “Everyone had a hand in wins almost every day,’’ Aaron Boone said. Thursday’s finale was especially ugly, as the Orioles — who somehow took two of three from the Yankees earlier in the month at Camden Yards — have now lost four in a row. The Yankees took advantage of a pair of errors in the fifth to score four unearned runs that allowed them to overcome an early two-run deficit, created in part due to some of the Yankees’ own miscues. Jameson Taillon allowed seven hits in 4 ²/₃ innings, but didn’t give up much. He was hurt by a pair of wild pitches in the third, which led to Cedric Mullins scoring the second run. The right-hander encountered more trouble in the fourth, with a leadoff single by Jorge Mateo followed by a walk to Ryan McKenna. Anthony Bemboom bunted both runners over. But he responded by striking out Kelvin Gutierrez and getting Mullins to pop out. In the fifth, Taillon retired the first two batters before Austin Hays singled to right. Taillon was removed, despite having already fanned Rougned Odor, who was due up next, twice. Odor doubled off Miguel Castro, who then walked Mateo to load the bases for McKenna. Castro rebounded by striking out McKenna. The Yankees’ offense finally got going in the bottom of the fifth when Tim Locastro reached on an error by Gutierrez at third to open the inning. Marwin Gonzalez followed with a double into the left-field corner. Third-base coach Luis Rojas sent the speedy Locastro and he just beat the throw home for the Yankees’ first run. After Kyle Higashioka flied out, DJ LeMahieu hit a routine grounder to shortstop and Gonzalez foolishly broke for third, but Mateo fumbled it for another error, putting runners on the corners for Aaron Judge. Judge hit a hard liner toward Odor at second and the former Yankee couldn’t come up with it for an RBI single. Anthony Rizzo followed with a hit to left to drive in LeMahieu and give the Yankees their first lead and Giancarlo Stanton added a run-scoring single to make it 4-2. The Orioles threatened in the sixth, but with two on and two out, Jonathan Loaisiga got Trey Mancini looking to preserve the two-run lead. The Yankees scored another unearned run in the sixth. A three-run shot by Judge in the eighth gave the Yankees double-digit runs for the third time in four games. Ron Marinaccio’s meltdown in the ninth, when he allowed three straight doubles and three runs, forced Lucas Luetge into the game to end it. “We played good baseball all around,’’ Rizzo said of the spotless homestand. “This team is built for the whole roster to be used. We go down [in a game] and we come back offensively. And we hold leads.”