The infamous letter MLB commissioner Rob Manfred sent to Yankees general manager Brian Cashman regarding a sign-stealing investigation into the club has leaked, and the contents are far from damning. The letter, obtained by SNY, reveals what The Post’s Ken Davidoff and Joel Sherman previously reported: that some Yankees players used their video replay room to try to identify sign sequences in an attempt to steal signs, and that the team improperly used a dugout phone to relay information about opponents’ signs. The only detail previously unreported was the Yankees were fined $100,000. The Yankees’ minor transgressions took place before Sept. 15, 2017, when Manfred established that future sign-stealing schemes, like that of the Astros’ World Series championship team from that year, would be met with harsher punishment. “The contents and details of the letter from Commissioner Manfred to Brian Cashman have widely been reported upon since 2017,” the Yankees said in a statement. “As the facts of the letter again show, the Yankees were not penalized for sign stealing but were penalized for improper use of the telephone in the replay room (which was only to be used for discussions regarding replay review challenges). At that point in time, sign stealing was utilized as a competitive tool by numerous teams throughout Major League Baseball and only became illegal after the Commissioner’s specific delineation of the rules on September 15, 2017.” MLB said in its own statement that the Yankees were fined because “use of the replay phone to transmit any information other than whether to challenge a play” was prohibited. The league reaffirmed that the Yankees didn’t violate any sign-stealing rules at the time. The Yankees attempted to keep the letter sealed, but the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit rejected their motion last week, upholding a March 21 ruling to have the letter made public. The team’s Tuesday statement said it fought the release of the letter “to prevent the incorrect equating of events that occurred before the establishment of the Commissioner’s sign-stealing rules with those that took place after.”