The Vegas Golden Knights are in a tough spot in Chicago on Wednesday night. Coming off back-to-back heartbreaking losses, the Knights are now on the brink of elimination. Not only does Vegas need to win both of its remaining games to have a chance at the postseason, but the Knights also need Dallas to lose both of its remaining contests in regulation. If Dallas picks up a point, the Stars are in and the Knights go home. The Stars are -500 to beat the last-place Arizona Coyotes — who are on the second night of a Minnesota-Dallas back-to-back — on Wednesday night. That it’s come to this point is truly remarkable for the Knights. Not only has the team made the postseason in each of its first four seasons in the NHL, but the Golden Knights were one of the preseason Stanley Cup favorites before the season. Most sportsbooks had Vegas between +700 and +900 to win the Cup.  But this season has truly gone off the rails for Vegas. Not only has the team had to deal with a litany of injuries and juggle the salary cap, but the final few weeks of the regular season have been especially cruel, culminating in back-to-back shootout losses to San Jose and Dallas. Vegas blew a two-goal lead with three minutes to go to the lowly Sharks and then squandered two leads in what was essentially a playoff game in Dallas on Tuesday night. Traveling from Dallas to Chicago after an emotional loss to your playoff rival is already a tough enough chore, but the Knights are also putting rookie goaltender Logan Thompson in an unenviable spot. Thompson, who entered the season as Vegas’ No. 3 goalie behind Robin Lehner and Laurent Brossoit, has played really well for the Knights during this stretch run, but asking the unheralded rookie to get right back on the horse after gutting it out against Dallas 24 hours earlier seems like a tough ask. The Knights have no other option, though, as their only other healthy goaltender is Jiri Patera, who has never played a minute of NHL hockey and has split his season between the AHL and ECHL. The Golden Knights have been through the wringer the past two months. Some of that is their own doing, but this is just a nasty spot for a team that has absorbed body blow after body blow since New Year’s Day. Vegas is a much better team than Chicago, but the Blackhawks have the rest advantage and could catch the Knights in a let-down spot. The Bet: Chicago Blackhawks +160 or better