Just hours after Major League Baseball suspended Trevor Bauer for two years on Friday, a third woman came forward with sexual assault allegations against the Dodgers pitcher. Before his suspension for violations of MLB’s domestic violence and sexual assault policy, Bauer had been publicly accused by two women of choking them until they were unconscious and then assaulting them before they had regained consciousness. Speaking to the Washington Post, Bauer’s third accuser claims that this occurred numerous times in their years-long relationship and that she decided to discuss the alleged assaults after witnessing Bauer claim that his initial accusers were only coming forward for financial gain. Bauer, who has not pitched since June 28, 2021, plans on appealing his suspension. His third accuser said that she will testify about her experiences with Bauer to MLB during the hearing. The third accuser told the Washington Post that she met the 31-year-old on a dating app while he was playing for Cleveland’s Triple-A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers. After he had choked her to the point of unconsciousness, they reportedly had agreed that he would not do that again. She alleges that he continued to cause her to black out and anally penetrated her while she was unconscious, claims that closely resemble those of his first two accusers. Bauer’s third accuser claims to have video proof of Bauer choking her until she was unable to breathe, but chose not to disclose it to the Washington Post or MLB over fears of the video leaking. Reportedly, the third accuser received a text from Bauer stating, “I want to f–k you while you’re completely unconscious.” Bauer has been on administrative leave for the past 10 months after his first accuser discussed her alleged assault and filed a temporary restraining order against the pitcher. The Los Angeles County district attorney’s office ruled that it would not press charges against Bauer. In a statement, Bauer denied the allegations against him. “In the strongest possible terms, I deny committing any violation of the league’s domestic violence & sexual assault policy,” he said. “I am appealing this action and expect to prevail.” The Dodgers paid Bauer $38 million last year and he was due $32 million this year and next. However, players who are under suspension are not paid, and if Bauer’s appeal fails, the organization will not have to fulfill the remainder of his contract. Since the news of the allegations came out, Bauer has filed lawsuits against Deadspin and The Athletic for defamation. Reportedly, his second accuser withdrew her restraining order request after Bauer threatened to sue her.