Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky called on President Biden to visit Ukraine to “come here to see” the devastation caused by Russian forces. In an interview with CNN’s “State of the Union” that aired Sunday, Zelensky was asked if there were any plans for Biden to visit the country. “I think he will. I mean, it’s his decision, of course,” Zelensky told anchor Jake Tapper on Friday. “And about the safety situation, it depends. I mean that. But I think he’s the leader of the United States, and that’s why he should come here to see.” Biden previously told reporters during a visit to Poland last month that he wanted to visit the war-torn country but claimed others were preventing him. “They will not let me, understandably, I guess, cross the border and take a look at what’s going on in Ukraine,” Biden said at a briefing on humanitarian operations in Rzeszow, southeastern Poland, without clarifying who was holding him back. White House National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan said last week there were no plans for a presidential trip to Ukraine. “President Biden doesn’t currently have any plans to travel to Kyiv. But what I will tell you is he sits in the Oval Office and in the Situation Room on a daily basis, organizing and coordinating the world when it comes to the delivery of weapons,” said Sullivan. On Thursday, White House press secretary Jen Psaki also shot down the possibility of Biden visiting the country. “He is ready for anything. The man likes a fast car, some aviators — he’s ready to go to Ukraine,” Psaki said on the “Pod Save America” podcast. But she added, “We are not sending the president to Ukraine.” Zelensky’s comments come after British Prime Minister Boris Johnson met with Zelensky and the two men walked the streets of Kyiv in a show of solidarity after Russian troops pulled back from the capital city. Other leaders who paid recent visits to Ukraine include European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and the presidents of Estonia, Poland, Latvia and Lithuania. The prime ministers of the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovenia also traveled to Kyiv on March 15 amid heavy bombardment of the city three weeks into the Russian invasion. Biden on Thursday suggested that the US was only considering sending a top US official to Kyiv to meet with Zelensky.