Mayor Eric Adams faced mounting pressure Tuesday to rescind the city’s toddler mask requirement in the wake of a federal judge’s ruling that struck down the national mandate. The renewed call for Adams to nix the masks for young children came one day after a Florida ruling allowed airports to drop their mandate to wear face coverings to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Brooklyn lawyer Michael Chessa said he hoped Monday’s decision “opens a political window for Adams to do the right thing” and “not to be the last person standing.” “There’s an absurdity to it when you speak to people about the fact that toddlers are still masked in New York City,” said the father of three kids, including daughters aged 2 and 3. Chessa scored a short-lived legal victory on April 1 when he won a ruling in Staten Island Supreme Court against the city’s rule of compulsory masking for kids in preschool and day care. But the enforcement of the ruling was blocked when Adams filed an appeal. Chessa said Monday’s decision by Florida federal Judge Kathryn Kimball Mizelle “just highlights and amplifies what myself and [other] parents have felt for all these months: That for some strange reason, the youngest schoolchildren are being singled out and subject to the last mandates remaining in the country.” White House press secretary Jen Psaki said officials were still deciding whether to appeal  Mizelle’s ruling but President Biden said air travelers could choose if they want to wear masks while flying, saying, “That’s up to them.” Manhattan mom and education activist Yiatin Chu — who calls herself an advocate for “masked choice” — said, “I think we’re at the point where we have to let people decide and assume whatever risk they want to choose for themselves and their children.” “Parents are taking their kids on vacation out of state, they’re flying,” she said. “If I had a 2-year-old, she would not have to be masked on the plane – or really anywhere – but once they get on the subway or a New York City bus they would have to put the mask back on, and then also in the pre-K or day care centers.” Chu added: “We’re more than two years into this…vaccines are available and treatments are available.” “I think we need to choose to let people live their life the way they want to live,” she said. In a prepared statement, US Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-Staten Island, Brooklyn) said, “I have repeatedly said that the mask mandate for children should be dropped.” “It’s critically important for development that young children have the ability to read their teacher’s mouth and see their faces,” she said. “I am concerned that the masks will have a detrimental impact on their mental and emotional well-being as well.” On April 8, Adams said he hoped to lift the mask mandate for kids “within a week or so” but on Friday released a statement in which he said he wasn’t yet ready to act because coronavirus cases in the city “have continued to rise.” The Big Apple’s most recent seven-day average caseload was 2,264 as of Saturday, up 12.6 percent from 2,011 a week earlier, according to city data. At an unrelated event in Staten Island on Tuesday, Adams — who spent last week in isolation after testing positive for COVID-19 on April 10 — didn’t address the issue of kids but said he favored continued mandatory masking on the subways. “New York is unique. We are densely populated. We see the slight spikes,” he said. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Tuesday ranked Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island “low” for the spread of COVID-19, with Manhattan ranked “medium.” Under the city’s Health Department guidelines released last month, New Yorkers aged 5 and up are advised to get vaccinated and boosted against the coronavirus. Those in areas of low transmission should “consider” wearing a mask indoors if they don’t know who around them has been vaccinated, while those in areas of medium transmission are recommended to wear a mask in similar situations, according to the city DOH. “I think we’re always revisiting our policies, but the time to make those choices about easing restrictions is not at a time when we see a significant uptick,” he said. 