The consensus in the scouting world is it takes three years to grade an NFL draft class. Who has that kind of time? Head coaches routinely get fired after two years nowadays. Here are The Post’s immediate 2022 NFL Draft grades for every team, with a curve instituted for the first-, second- and third-round picks, and an emphasis on quality and value. Grade: A+ Key Picks: Kyle Hamilton (S, Notre Dame), Tyler Linderbaum (C, Iowa), David Ojabo (LB, Michigan), Travis Jones (DT, Connecticut), Daniel Faalele (OT, Minnesota) Analysis: Forget positional value. The Ravens drafted four with first-round traits over the first 76 picks. Hamilton and Linderbaum were two of the easiest high-end evaluations, and they slipped to No. 14 and No. 25, respectively. Second-rounder Ojabo likely will miss his rookie season (torn Achilles). Grade: A Key Picks: Ahmad Gardner (CB, Cincinnati), Garrett Wilson (WR, Ohio State), Jermaine Johnson (EDGE, Florida State), Breece Hall (RB, Iowa State), Jeremy Ruckert (TE, Ohio State) Analysis: No franchise is more synonymous with fans booing its selections. But the Jets drafted the top cornerback, top receiver, top running back and a top-four edge rusher on most boards. Past trades bore fruit by providing the assets to move up for Williams (No. 26) and Hall (No. 36). Grade: A Key Picks: Trent McDuffie (CB, Washington), George Karlaftis (EDGE, Purdue), Skyy Moore (WR, Western Michigan), Bryan Cook (S, Cincinnati), Leo Chenal (LB, Wisconsin), Joshua Williams (CB, Fayetteville State) Analysis: Can’t win shootouts forever, so the Chiefs were overdue to upgrade all three levels of defense. Mission accomplished with five of their first six picks, including the two first-rounders. Moore won’t be Tyreek Hill, but he’s destined for big numbers in that offense. Grade: A Key Picks: Jordan Davis (DT, Georgia), Cameron Jurgens (C, Nebraska), Nakobe Dean (LB, Georgia) Analysis: Notorious trade-fleecing GM Howie Roseman traded pick No. 18 for Pro Bowl WR A.J. Brown. He found ready-made replacements for aging Eagles greats in Fletcher Cox and Jason Kelce, and he took the third-round injury risk on first-round talent Dean when others wouldn’t. Grade: A- Key Picks: Kenny Pickett (QB, Pittsburgh), George Pickens (WR, Georgia), DeMarvin Leal (DT, Texas A&M), Calvin Austin (WR, Memphis) Analysis: Extensively studied all quarterbacks and got their top choice — the game-ready Pickett should make a seamless in-city adjustment — without trading up from No. 20. The Steelers have a long history of uncovering mid-round receiver gems. Leal was a preseason first-rounder who struggled. Grade: A- Key Picks: Charles Cross (OT, Mississippi State), Boye Mafe (EDGE, Minnesota), Kenneth Walker III (RB, Michigan State), Abraham Lucas (OT, Washington State), Coby Bryant (CB, Cincinnati) Analysis: Desperately needed a big draft. Only took trading QB Russell Wilson to get the offensive line upgrades he long desired. Could start two rookie tackles. If coach Pete Carroll wants to go back to ground-and-pound, he found the right back. Mafe and Bryant are Seahawks-type defenders. Grade: A- Key Picks: Drake London (WR, USC), Arnold Ebiketie (EDGE, Penn State), Troy Andersen (LB, Montana State), Desmond Ridder (QB, Cincinnati), DeAngelo Malone (EDGE, Western Kentucky) Analysis: Throw those red-zone fades after pairing leapers London and Kyle Pitts as the past two years’ first-rounders. Two pass-rushers in the first three rounds was smart. Stole the second quarterback, Ridder, at No. 74 to play a similar style to starter Marcus Mariota. Grade: B+ Key Picks: Kayvon Thibodeaux (EDGE, Oregon), Evan Neal (OT, Alabama), Wan’Dale Robinson (WR, Kentucky), Joshua Ezeudu (G, North Carolina), Cordale Flott (CB, LSU), TE Daniel Bellinger (TE, San Diego State), Dane Belton (S, Iowa) Analysis: GM Joe Schoen played the order of his first two picks shrewdly, getting Thibodeaux before the drop-off at edge when everyone assumed offensive tackle first. Neither Day 2 choice is a favorite to start on a team with a lot of holes, though. Bellinger and Belton addressed major needs. Get the complete list of first-round 2022 NFL Draft picks, with analysis and more from the New York Post.  Grade: B+ Key Picks: Aidan Hutchinson (Edge, Michigan), Jameson Williams (WR, Alabama), Josh Paschal (Edge, Kentucky), Kerby Joseph (S, Illinois) Analysis: The state of Michigan rejoiced when Hutchinson slipped to No. 2 overall. QB Jared Goff rejoiced at no threat to his job. Echoes of Detroit drafts gone by with a bold receiver pick, trading up 20 spots for the burner Williams (still sidelined by a torn ACL). Grade: B+ Key Picks: Alec Pierce (WR, Cincinnati), Jelani Woods (TE, Virginia), Bernhard Raimann (OT, Central Michigan), Nick Cross (S, Maryland) Analysis: Maybe the best collective Day 2 haul, which was important without a first-round pick. Pierce and Woods should stretch the field for Matt Ryan, and the slightly older Raimann (24) is better than several tackles picked ahead of him. Grade: B Key Picks: Trey McBride (TE, Colorado State), Cameron Thomas (Edge, San Diego State), Myjai Sanders (Edge, Cincinnati) Analysis: With the top six receivers off the board, the Cardinals traded No. 23 for WR Marquise Brown, who is reunited with his college QB, Kyler Murray. Took two swings at replacing departed free-agent pass-rusher Chandler Jones and grabbed the No. 1 tight end. Grade: B Key Picks: Logan Hall (DL, Houston), Luke Goedeke (G, Central Michigan), Rachaad White (RB, Arizona State) Analysis: Not many starting jobs available here, but Hall — the first pick of the second round — fills one as long as Ndamukong Suh remains unsigned. Goedeke, a former tackle, could compete for another after the surprise retirement of Ali Marpet. Grade: B Key Picks: Kaiir Elam (CB, Florida), James Cook (RB, Georgia), Terrel Bernard (LB, Baylor) Analysis: This approach is just about slotting pieces into a championship-contending puzzle. Elam was a late riser who plays sticky man coverage. The Bills can’t keep counting on QB Josh Allen as their primary rusher, but Cook is more of a receiving playmaker than a bellcow. Grade: B- Key Picks: CB Derek Stingley Jr. (CB, LSU), Kenyon Green (G, Texas A&M), Jalen Pitre (S, Baylor), John Metchie (WR, Alabama), Christian Harris (LB, Alabama) Analysis: Made five of the first 75 picks, but went against the grain twice when taking the first player at two positions: Stingley over Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner and Green over Zion Johnson. Nick Caserio is another Patriots-raised GM who is going to raid Alabama coach Nick Saban’s talent cupboard. Grade: B- Key Picks: Travon Walker (Edge, Georgia), Devin Lloyd (LB, Utah), Chad Muma (LB, Wyoming), Luke Fortner (C, Kentucky) Analysis: After spending $265 million in free agency, took opposite strategies with two first-rounders: Big swing on the unproductive Tavon Walker’s athletic potential at No. 1 overall. Lloyd is a proven game-wrecker — and sleeper Defensive Rookie of the Year candidate — and will play alongside another rookie in Muma. Grade: B- Key Picks: Lewis Cine (S, Georgia), Andrew Booth (CB, Clemson), Brian Asamoah (EDGE, Oklahoma), Ed Ingram (OG, LSU) Analysis: Trading down with rivals Lions (Williams) and Packers (Watson) was a strange strategy. Using three of the first four picks on defense was not. The secondary is a major concern after recent draft failures at those spots. Grade: B- Key Picks: Dax Hill (S, Michigan), Cam Taylor-Britt (CB, Nebraska), Zachary Taylor (DT, Florida) Analysis: Surprise! No offensive linemen with any of the first three picks, resisting the urge to trade up within range for either of the top two centers. Hill blitzes, covers the slot and patrols deep as one of the draft’s most versatile defenders. Grade: C+ Key Picks: Treylon Burks (WR, Arkansas), Roger McCreary (CB, Auburn), Nicholas Petit-Frere (OT, Ohio State), Malik Willis (QB, Liberty) Analysis: Traded WR A.J. Brown and wound up with a Brown-comparison in the physical Burks. Raw talent Willis, a projected first-rounder who slipped to No. 86, is in a good spot because he can sit at least one season behind Ryan Tannehill. Rebuilding sooner than they want to admit? Grade: C+ Key Picks: Zion Johnson (G, Boston College), JT Woods (S, Baylor) Analysis: Strategy has been the same in free agency and the draft for two years: protect Justin Herbert. The drop-off was steep after two guards — and the Chargers nabbed the second. Woods was a reach in a deep safety class. Grade: Kyler Gordon (CB, Washington), Jaquan Brisker (S, Penn State), Velus Jones Jr. (WR, Tennessee) Key Picks: C Analysis: Think the Bears identified a weakness? After trading away what would’ve been No. 7 overall to get QB Justin Fields last season, they used their first two picks in the secondary. Jones boosts the return game, but what else does he provide? Grade: C Key Picks: Tyler Smith (OT, Tulsa), Sam Williams (OLB, Mississippi), Jalen Tolbert (WR, South Alabama) Analysis: Dallas is going to Dallas. Boom-or-bust Smith continues the rebuild of the NFL’s best offensive line last decade. Red flags overlooked for Williams, who had a sexual battery charge dropped but can fill the pass-rush void after a free-agency mishap with Randy Gregory. Grade: C Key Picks: Nik Bonitto (Edge, Oklahoma), Greg Dulcich (TE, UCLA) Analysis: Traded No. 9 overall and tight end George Fant as part of a bigger package for QB Russell Wilson. Dulcich is a fresh start and Bonitto provides pass rush — Von Miller didn’t come back in free agency — inside the NFL’s best QB division. Grade: C- Key Picks: Quay Walker (LB, Georgia), Devonte Wyatt (DT, Georgia), Christian Watson (WR, South Dakota State), Sean Rhyan (OG, UCLA) Analysis: Have not picked a first-round offensive weapon during QB Aaron Rodgers’ 17-season career. Bold trade up to get Watson early in the second round, after taking the pair from college football’s best defense. Walker was a one-year starter. Wyatt is a character concern. Grade: C- Key Picks: Martin Emerson (CB, Mississippi State), David Bell (WR, Purdue), Alex Wright (EDGE, UAB), DT Perrion Winfrey (DT, Oklahoma), Cade York (K, LSU) Analysis: Strange trade from No. 44 down to No. 68 after not having a first-rounder. Out of the running for a lot of more promising receivers by the time their first of three third-round picks was made. Winfrey was Senior Bowl MVP. Grade: C- Key Picks: Dylan Parham (G, Memphis), Zamir White (RB, Georgia) Analysis: Like when the bride and groom forget to eat at their own wedding, Las Vegas hosted a spectacular event but the Raiders only participated with one of the first 120 picks. A backup lineman and third-string runner? Grade: C Key Picks: Ikem Ekwonu (OL, North Carolina State), Matt Corral (QB, Mississippi) Analysis: Would’ve benefited more from trading down at No. 6 and drafting QB Kenny Pickett in the mid-first round. Instead paid a steep price to move up for Corral in the late third. The homegrown Ekwonu projects as a perennial Pro Bowler who could’ve gone No. 1 overall. Grade: C Key Picks: Channing Tindall (LB, Georgia), Erik Ezukanma (WR, Texas Tech) Analysis: Had to make the most of the fewest picks of any team in the draft (four). The rangy Tindall went a ways toward capitalizing. Grade: C- Key Picks: Chris Olave (WR, Ohio State), OT Trevon Penning (OT, Northern Iowa), Alontae Taylor (S, Tennessee) Analysis: Increasing sense of urgency. Traded up from No. 16 to No. 11 after earlier trade for a second first-rounder. All that invested capital and no quarterback? Olave is productive without great hype. Penning has Terron Armstead’s big shoes to fill. Taylor produced a “Huh?” Grade: D+ Key Picks: Drake Jackson (Edge, USC), Tyrion Davis-Price (RB, LSU), Danny Gray (WR, SMU) Analysis: No pick in the first round gave the 49ers time to overthink their three Day 2 picks, the last two of which felt like reaches. Jackson’s success could depend on keeping his weight up. Still haven’t been able to find a trade partner for QB Jimmy Garoppolo. Grade: D Key Picks: Jahan Dotson (WR, Penn State), Phidarian Mathis (DT, Alabama), Brian Robinson Jr. (RB, Alabama), Sam Howell (QB, North Carolina) Analysis: Credit for trading down for No. 11 to No. 16 before reaching for Dotson. Washington stayed put with its other two picks, and both Alabama stars felt like reaches, including the one-year starter Robinson. Grade: D Key Picks: Cole Strange (G, UT-Chattanooga), Tyquan Thornton (WR, Baylor), Marcus Jones (CB, Houston), Bailey Zappe (QB, Western Kentucky) Analysis: If any other coach/GM made these picks, he’d be ridiculed into the hot seat. Strange (No. 29) and Thornton (No. 50) both went two rounds earlier than their consensus grades. Jones is a dynamic offense/defense/special teams weapon. Who gets the last laugh? Grade: D Key Picks: Logan Bruss (OL, Wisconsin), Decobie Durant (CB, South Carolina State) Analysis: No one values draft picks less than the Rams, who didn’t make their first until No. 104. At least coach Sean McVay produced a viral moment laughing when the Patriots picked.