He’s going for gold in the game of Golden State real estate. Michael Eisner, 80, the former chairman and CEO of Disney, is listing a grand compound in Malibu for a cool $225 million. If an ultra-high-net-worth buyer sweeps up the amenity-loaded cliff-top spread for that price, the deal would set a record for the priciest home ever sold in California, according to the Wall Street Journal, which first reported news of this listing. What’s more: a sale at that sky-high sum would also mark one of the priciest residential transactions in the world. Venture capitalist Marc Andreessen and his wife, Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen, set the current California record in late 2021 with the $177 million purchase of fashion tycoon Serge Azria’s Malibu compound. The Journal notes that the couple has since bought at least two more properties in Malibu since that record-breaking buy. The Eisner estate, Mediterranean in style with nine structures on approximately 5 acres, packs a real punch. It spans about 25,000 square feet, with a total of 16 bedrooms and 28 bathrooms among the main house, the guesthouses and a two-bedroom caretaker’s cottage. Designed by Robert A.M. Stern — the architect behind tony New York City addresses including 15 Central Park West and 220 Central Park South — listing images show airy interiors with beamed ceilings, large windows that open to the outdoors and a neutral-tone cabana that sits right on the beach. That cabana, perched on a bluff over a small beach known as Watkins Cove, can be accessed by a cliff-side elevator. Among the other perks: a gym, a pool that looks out to the Pacific and, from the pool area, a tunnel that leads to a movie theater with a large screen and several rows of plush seating. Eisner and his wife, Jane, first purchased land on the bluffs in the 1990s and tacked on adjacent parcels in the years since. The Journal notes the current offering spans at least five separate parcels — and the compound itself was gradually built over the course of decades, with the work wrapping up in 2020. Listing agent Kurt Rappaport of Westside Estate Agency told the Journal the mighty asking price is warranted; what the Eisners built would be difficult to replicate these days in its large scale, prized location and access to the beach. Rappaport added that Michael Eisner wants to sell because he “loves the creative process” and seeks his next project. Eisner, who was at Disney from 1984 to 2005, now helms the investment firm the Tornante Company – and through that he owns Britain’s Portsmouth Football Club.