BaubleBar‘s custom and bedazzled pieces have been spotted on the likes of A-Listers such as Julia Roberts, Lizzo, Katherine Schwarzenegger, Brooke Shields, Mindy Kaling, Jessica Alba and more, but the trendy accessories brand can bring a chic sparkle to shoppers of any budget. They quickly became one of the most buzzed-about jewelry brands after launching in 2010, specializing in custom options and in recent years have expanded into other categories including tech accessories and home décor. With so many different options on the market, customization can really add that extra flair to your jewelry collection or home aesthetic. BaubleBar not only offers custom pieces at an affordable price but they offer a wide variety of styles, colors and fonts to make your items feel as unique as you desire. Whether you’re looking for a fashionable set of earrings or a comfy throw blanket to cuddle with during your next Netflix binge-watching session, BaubleBar really has it all. The best part? BaubleBar is offering an exclusive (limited-time offer) of 20% off select items for New York Post readers only. Use the promo code NYPOST20 to save big on bracelets, rings, necklaces, custom phone cases and more. Exclusions include: Maya Brenner pieces, gift cards, gift boxes and pouches. For more content recommendations, check out the other brands we’re working with in the New York Post Shopping event this week. Keep reading to get the low-down on our top recommendations from the brand, to kickstart your summer ensemble! After selling nearly 250,000 BaubleBar custom Pisa bracelets, the brand recently introduced a fresh new take on the piece — the custom slider bracelet. It features an adjustable toggle so size is no object and they can be completely personalized with whatever color, metal, sparkle, enamel, gem, crystal and pave you desire. Note: since these bracelets are customized, they ship approximately six weeks after purchase. If you’ve been on the hunt for a fun, custom iPhone case, BaubleBar is the place to shop. The brand offers a wide variety of colors, fonts and styles that would fit anyone’s atheistic. Note: since these phone cases are customized, they ship approximately six weeks after purchase. BaubleBar mastered the perfect personalized throw blanket that not only looks good on your Instagram but is comfy, too. Choose from a variety of styles, colors and designs, plus customize your blanket of choice with your name or initial and make cuddling on the couch even better. Note: since these blankets are customized, they ship approximately two weeks after purchase. BaubleBar’s elevated take on the OG nameplate necklace is available in three different fonts and comes in four different chains to achieve whatever look you want. Note: since these necklaxces are customized, they ship approximately three weeks after purchase. BaubleBar also offers a wide variety of earrings: whether they’re statement pieces to complete a look or something more simple to wear every day like these 18K gold huggies. The Lauren set comes with three different styles that can be worn separately or together. For more information, check out the New York Post Shopping section.