Mayor Eric Adams gave his first Executive Budget address Tuesday — unveiling a record $99.7 billion fiscal year 2023 spending plan that takes effect July 1 while touting the accomplishments of his first 100 days in office. The revised budget includes almost $2 billion more in spending than the $98.5 billion preliminary version he unveiled in February, and if enacted would be the largest in New York City history. Former Mayor Bill de Blasio’s 2022 Executive Budget, the last he released, during his final year in office, came in at $98.6 billion. While Adams has made reducing crime a key part of his agenda, funding for the NYPD in the revised budget is up only slightly — from $5.4 billion approved in the 2022 budget to $5.6 billion in the new fiscal year. Adams has explained he will use police department resources more efficiently, including redeploying officers who work at desks to the streets. Proposed funding for the Department of Homeless Services was raised marginally from the $2.21 billion OK’d last year to $2.36 billion in the new spending plan. And funding for the Department of Education, which has lost 120,000 students over the last five years under the de Blasio adminstration, saw its budget reduced to $31 billion from the $31.6 billion allocated by former Mayor Bill de Blasio in 2022. The $600 million DOE budget cut is a reflection of the COVID-19-era public school enrollment drop and Schools Chancellor David Banks seeking to cut fat at the agency, which critics charged was bloated and wasteful under de Blasio. During a 50-minute speech at the historic Kings Theatre in Brooklyn, Adams declared that New York City is “on strong financing footing,” while lamenting the recent spate of deadly gun violence. “This budget puts people — especially those who have often been left behind — front and center. Success will be measured by how much we accomplish, not how much we spend,” he said in the Flatbush venue, which was to be the site of his canceled inauguration ceremony. “Despite the massive shocks to our system in the past two years, our city enters fiscal year 2023 on strong financial footing.” Adams said that the spending plan has the “vision” of creating “a city of safety and abundance, with jobs, housing, and care for all.” According to a summary provided by the mayor’s office, the budget increases the city’s reserves. It dedicates $6.3 billion to savings via a $200 million increase compared to the “Rainy Day Fund” unveiled earlier this year. Projected tax revenues for the 2023 fiscal year, which begins July 1, were increased by $392 million compared to the preliminary budget, according to the mayor. Also among the major changes in the new spending blueprint: a replenishment of the city’s Labor Reserve, an account to pay for future labor contracts, which was without funds at the end of the de Blasio administration. Now, City Hall is allocating $238 million for the new spending plan and $365 million for 2024. Adams’ budget calls for expanding the city’s spending on public housing repairs and subsidized housing for working class and middle class residents by $500 million annually for the next decade. The boost will raise the amount of New York City’s major construction budget dedicated to the Housing Authority and Department of Housing Preservation and Development from around $1.7 billion to $2.2 billion annually. “We must commit to creating the affordable housing that New Yorkers have needed for far too long,” said Adams.The mayor billed the new investment as “historic” in his speech, but it’s just a quarter of the $2 billion boost that housing advocates have demanded in recent weeks, which would have raised overall spending to $4 billion a year. NYCHA alone once faced a repair bill that exceeded more than $40 billion repair bill to get its then-187,000 units back into a state of good repair — a number that has slowly ticked down as roughly 10,000 apartments have been converted to joint public-private management to access new federal funds for renovations. In addition, Adams, who has pushed for dyslexia screening since the mayoral primary, revealed a plan allocating $7.4 million to dyslexia screening sites and literacy programs over three years. “I know from my own life the challenges that a learning disability creates for a child and how they can be overcome with early diagnosis and the right support,” said Adams, who has said he didn’t realize he had dyslexia until after high school. He also announced an $11.2-million investment in bilingual education “so that every student has a pathway to multilingualism.” “Spending more now is seductive, but shortsighted,” he added. “Undisciplined management and a spending spree will set the city back, not propel it forward. Focused priorities, well managed, are critical to a bright future.” During his speech, Adams said that the Big Apple is “strong” after emerging from the doldrums of the COVID-19 pandemic, when New Yorkers lived in an “alternate version of our city.” “The state of the city is strong, because New Yorkers have never been stronger. We’ve been through a lot. We have struggled and survived,” he told the crowd. “After two years, we are ready to be together again — reunited and it feels so good.” Hizzoner touted several promising statistical developments under his brief tenure as mayor, claiming to have created about 1,000 new beds for homeless New Yorkers, overseen a roughly 1% reduction in the unemployment rate since Jan. 1 and having cops remove almost 2,300 illegal guns off the street. “And so when you hear people say, ‘we don’t need our police,’ let me tell you right here and right now: I will support my police and we will make our city a safe city,” Adams bellowed. But during a press conference at City Hall, Adams expressed frustration with some officers’ lack of focus on their assigned tasks while assigned to the subway system. “I am disappointed in the deployment of transit police personnel,” he told reporters, reiterating that he wants to see officers enforce fare evasion. “You walk downstairs and you see five transit officers at the booth looking at their phones. We just can’t continue to do that.” “We are going to make sure police are patrolling our subway system and not patrolling their iPhones,” he added. Earlier, Adams spoke to the challenges the five boroughs — and his administration — face, including a 37% increase in major crimes citywide and a recent mass shooting on a subway in Brooklyn during the morning commute. “There is no doubt in my mind that New York will make a full recovery and come back stronger and more resilient than before. But this is only possible if we continue to make public safety our top priority. Safety and justice are the prerequisites of prosperity,” he said. “We cannot have a city where people are  afraid to walk the streets, ride the subway, or send their children to school.”He added, “There is still far too much violence in our city.” Along with the Bronx fire that killed dozens, Adams referenced the 11-month old baby fatally shot in the head by a stray bullet, the deadly ambush shooting of two police officers in Harlem, and a 19-year-old girl who was gunned gunned down while she worked the night shift at a fast food restaurant, among particularly distressing tragedies. Adams pointed out the families in attendance of New Yorkers who lost their lives to gun violence, prompting the roughly 1,200 in the crowd to give them a standing ovation. “I can only imagine the loss you feel and the pain you live with. But I will not rest until we have  addressed the conditions that led to that loss,” said Adams, whose plan does not include increasing funding for the NYPD, of fallen NYPD officers Jason Rivera and Wilbert Mora. “We will do what is necessary to make all of our  communities safe. You have my word, as a former police officer, a fellow New Yorker, and your mayor.” Also during his address, Adams pointed to efforts to serve students  nutritious food that fosters “lifelong healthy habits.” “Listen, Chicken McNuggets is not a nutritional meal,” he quipped. Adams explained that to achieve a bevy of education goals, Adams needs the state legislature to grant him mayoral control of city schools — a plea he’s made repeatedly after the state’s new $220 billion budget omitted the measure. “None of this is possible without the continuing support of mayoral accountability. You have a mayor that happens to be African American, you have a public school chancellor who happens to be African American, who grew up in the city,” he said. “Mayor accountability was given to folks that were Red Sox fans,” he continued, referencing the Boston area-raised de Blasio and former Mayor Michael Bloomberg, “you’re darn sure you can give it to people who are Yankees and Mets fans.” “Give us mayoral accountability,” he shouted. To conclude, the mayor vowed to begin the “next chapter” in Big Apple history when “unity” and “justice” prevail. “From skyscrapers to subways, our wildest dreams have become the world’s everyday reality. And now, we’re about to start a new chapter in the New York story,” he said. “This is the part where we find the compassion to house, help, and educate everyone. The wisdom to put aside the old arguments and embrace our newfound unity. And the courage to work together in solidarity to build a city of hope, equity, and justice.” Additional reporting by Cayla Bamberger