Gilbert Gottfried used his “know-it-all” sandpaper voice to keep people laughing — right up until his death this week at 67. It was revealed Thursday that the beloved funny guy — although often controversial — kept working in the days before he passed. Poignant footage has been released of what could be his final performance: A commercial filmed March 16 for Cali-based Hollywood Offices, TMZ reported. Company president Brad Folb said he booked the “Problem Child” star shot a gonzo “Cameo-styled” ad through an agency called Memmo — which hooks customers up with celebrities for any and all types of personalized messages. The former “SNL” star was paid about $1,300 for the gig, the outlet reported. Folb said he was looking for a “know-it-all” star who would be instantly recognizable and Gottfried’s signature snarky vocals certainly fit the bill. He sent the comic-actor loose instructions — but no firm directions were needed for this veteran industry pro. “You’d be an idiot to rent from anybody else! Go to Hollywood Offices — that’s the only one!,” he bellows with a wave of his hand in the selfie-shot clip. “I’m through talking to you. I’m not talking to you. If you’re even considering renting office space from someone other than Hollywood Offices! … Go away. You’d have to be an idiot of the highest order. That means with a crown on his head.” It’s no surprise that Fold declared the improvised results “hilarious.” Reps for the iconic Iago of “Aladdin” have not responded to requests for comment about any other possible posthumous projects that might drop in the future. Meanwhile, Gottfried’s mourning family has hailed him as “the most iconic voice in comedy” as they confirmed the devastating news in a statement on Tuesday afternoon, saying, “We are heartbroken,” and sharing only that he’d died following a “long illness.” Gottfried’s representative, Glenn Schwartz, revealed that the actor succumbed to a heart abnormality called recurrent ventricular tachycardia, an arrhythmia caused by myotonic dystrophy Type 2. Myotonic dystrophy (DM) is a genetic disorder marked by progressive muscle wasting and weakness which predominantly affects the limbs and face but can eventually foster fatal complications for respiratory, skeletal and cardiac muscles. People with DM are at a higher risk of irregular heartbeat, including ventricular tachycardia, an arrhythmia in the lower chambers of the heart (ventricles) that causes the heart to beat faster. A sustained sped-up rhythm can cause a fatal drop in blood pressure. Gottfried’s heart condition had been publicly known for some time. On the cusp of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, he canceled a series of live shows in Montana as his doctors reportedly advised that he refrain from flying during a viral outbreak due to his weakened heart.