More than a dozen kids with disabilities in Brooklyn were left in limbo when federally mandated school buses didn’t show up at their homes this week, The Post has learned. Several of the students, who because of their disabilities can’t fall back on other forms of public transit, were forced to miss classes and even full days of school, their parents said. “My son is failing his math class because they’ve overloaded his route so much that his driver was unable to get him to first period,” said Allicia Gittens, a mom of three students in special education. At least five schools were on the bus route — which runs though Canarsie and Downtown Brooklyn — according to Gittens, whose son attends the Dr. Susan S. McKinney Secondary School of the Arts. The Department of Education attributed the challenges to one driver’s recent resignation — but parents and advocates told The Post families citywide have faced bus delays and no-shows since the start of the school year. Research shows that 72% of bus delays and breakdowns involve students in special education — even though those are often the very kids who lack alternative modes of transportation, according to a report out this month from New York Appleseed. “The folks that were bearing the brunt of a lot of these delays and complaints were students with disabilities,” said Nyah Berg, executive director of the local and state nonprofit. There are about 53,000 Big Apple public school students with disabilities — who are entitled under federal law to school bus service. City data shows the Office of Pupil Transportation — which oversees school bus companies and student MetroCards — receives an average of 714 calls per day this school year. The count is down by 69% compared to the pre-pandemic rate, when they received 2,319 calls per day during the 2018-19 school year. But parents said the transportation office can be hard to get a hold of. “Everyone is complaining to OPT,” said Gittens. “When OPT is not your solution, you have no one to turn too.” Cynthia Noel said her son Jaylen has missed first period and half of last period “every day” this year because of school bus issues. Jaylen, who has a disability, had to stay home from school this week until the bus company resumed service. “They don’t show up,” said Noel. “They don’t even call.” Noel, who lives in Canarsie and has a job and younger children to care for, said she gets little warning about service changes, even once her son is at his far away Downtown Brooklyn school. “The only thing to do was to send an Uber and hope to God he gets home safely,” she said. But car service isn’t a viable option for many of the families, including those who can’t cover the costs or whose children have disabilities that may require an adult to accompany them. “Taxi service is very expensive, and I cannot afford for him to be taking a taxi,” said Melisa Mitchell, another mom of a child in special education. “He’s autistic, so I don’t trust him to take the train by himself to go all the way downtown,” she added of her son. The DOE said the impacted Brooklyn route started to operate as scheduled after The Post reached out for comment Wednesday and that OPT was contacting families to ensure consistent coverage going forward. “We’re working closely with families, bus companies and schools to ensure a safe and efficient transportation experience for all students,” said Jenna Lyle, a spokesperson for the DOE. “We immediately work with bus companies to resolve any concerns and we apologize to anyone experiencing these issues.”