Ruff, ruff, pass out is what happens when your pooch gets into your stash. Veterinarians aren’t trying to harsh your mellow, but on this sacred day for tokers — 4/20 — they are warning pet parents to better conceal their cannabis cache, especially edibles. The edict coincides with a new survey of North American veterinarians that revealed cases of pot poisoning among pets are on the rise and have “increased significantly” since October 2018. The trend correlates with the movement to legalize the herb for recreational and medical use across the US, with New Jersey signing on as the latest to allow its use starting Thursday, April 21. The burgeoning market has already inspired a plethora of stoner snacks to fill the cabinets of bud buffs throughout the US as well as Canada, where weed is legal nationally. Reports compiled by drug researchers at the University of Guelph in Ontario showed that dogs were the most common victim of THC poisoning among pets, though cats were implicated, too. But their list also noted more unusual animal allies to have overdosed, including iguanas, ferrets, cockatoos and horses. More than 200 veterinarians were polled in 2021 for the survey, which asked them to recall such patients prior to 2018 — the year cannabis was fully legalized in Canada — and after. Their findings, published in PLoS One, were self-reported and didn’t necessarily include outcomes for the animals but did provide a clear progression of cases. Around one-third of vets noted an increase in instances of THC toxicosis since 2018, with commonly reported symptoms such as lack of bladder control, confusion, clumsiness, sluggishness and slowed heartbeat. While most cases saw animals noshing on intoxicating treats, at least one hapless pup may have been sickened by eating the feces of their owner who happened to use the drug. Most pets sickened by space cakes won’t require hospitalization and nearly always make a full outpatient recovery at home under the care of their owners, according to the report. In more severe cases, IV fluids, induced vomiting and doses of activated charcoal — to help absorb the toxin — were used to nurse the animal back to health. Of the 16 deaths reported in the survey, Khokhar explained that such cases likely involved other risk factors, such as old age, underlying illness, size or chocolate — a popular medium for edibles that’s also potentially lethal for dogs. The scientist hopes his work will contribute to a broader understanding of how drugs affect animals compared to humans. Khokhar also acknowledged a buzz among users to purposefully dose their pets, he told CNN. “People may also be giving THC or CBD to their pet for medicinal purposes, but there’s a handful of indications that CBD actually works for — everything else is hooey,” he stated emphatically. “Cannabis-based medicine is not approved for veterinary use.”