A real-life Barbie doll paraded her $71,000 plastic surgery and brand new boob job in a bikini after revealing plans to have her ribs removed. Nurse Tara Jayne McConachy, 33, from Melbourne, Australia, “loves her plastic doll vibe” – but says she isn’t done with her transformation yet. The self-confessed surgery lover has tweaked her natural looks from head to toe and travels the world in pursuit of her dream body. She is banned from going under the knife in Australia due to her excessive amount of procedures, so instead uses international clinics. Tara was recently spotted flaunting her extreme augmentations in a teeny floral bikini in Victoria, Australia. She stunned locals with her extraordinary look as she enjoyed an outing to the beach in Port Melbourne. Sporting a full face of makeup and waist-length black waves, Tara caused a stir as sun-worshippers relaxed on the sand. But the 33-year-old is used to questioning looks from passersby due to her “statement” lips, E-cup breasts and tiny waist. Tara said she has “lost count of how much product” she has injected into her pout, but “always makes sure they are nice and plump” by getting regular top-ups. Tara earlier revealed she is even considering having some of her RIBS removed to achieve “a more tapered waist”. Although imagining such an invasive and gruesome surgery is enough to make your toes curl, she says “just the thought of this gets her all excited!” She explained: “There is no limit for me when it comes to plastic surgery. It is incredibly addictive and I already want bigger breasts!” “I’m also exploring changing my eye color to an even more vibrant green, plus fixing my eyelids with a canthoplasty, blepharoplasty and a brow lift.” Tara openly discusses her quest to “look like an edited photo in real life”. To keep up with her plastic surgery obsession during COVID lockdowns, she traveled to Europe to undergo further procedures. But her relentless appetite for further enhancements isn’t as glamorous as it may seem. Tara recalled: “I had no time to recover properly as Australia was urging residents that were overseas to immediately return home as the borders were closing.” “Thank God I had my mum with me because I couldn’t have done it without her!” The qualified nurse – who loves sharing steamy photos of her body on Instagram – hit the headlines last year after appearing on the US reality show Botched. She previously described how plastic surgery gave her a “sense of empowerment” during a TV interview in 2020. And due to her colossal surgery bills and extravagant lifestyle, Tara joined the adults-only subscription platform OnlyFans. She charges $26 for a monthly subscription and previously boasted that the “smart move” earned her $7,188 in just three days. “I’m like a fine wine, I only get better with age. And, of course, surgery!,” she said. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.