The infamous Playboy babe is ready to reclaim her fame — and all that jazz. Pamela Anderson is heading to the Broadway stage this month to star as Roxie Hart in “Chicago.” The 54-year-old will be making her Broadway debut at the Ambassador Theatre on April 12. Her run as one of the murderess madames in the Cook County Jail will last through June 5. She is also set to release a highly anticipated memoir and Netflix documentary, which will include her Broadway debut. Anderson’s upcoming projects will be the first big pieces of work the blond bombshell has worked on in years. “When I was a lot younger, I took my power back in certain situations, and it feels the same way [now],” Anderson told CNN. “It feels like another step closer to taking my power back and really taking it back. It’s very empowering. And it does feel I’m being supported. I’m being rooted for, that’s a new feeling for me. I don’t want to let anybody down, but I also really don’t want to let myself down.” The news of Anderson’s casting sent social media abuzz with many expressing their excitement for the star. She has also recently gained a new generation of fans and a wave of support due to the recent release of the Hulu miniseries “Pam & Tommy” — which told the story of her stolen sex tape scandal and was released without her consent. Coming back on the scene on her own terms, the Canadian actress packed three bags at her rural ranch and made her way to the Big Apple where she has been undergoing a grueling rehearsal schedule. “I just threw myself into rehearsals,” Anderson told CNN. “And it was six, seven, maybe eight hours a day. I was doing four hours of dance, one hour voice, two hours of acting … Then I came to New York and got thrown right into it with David Bushman and the director. I’m just like, ‘I’m doing this, I’m doing this!’ “And it’s incredible because I didn’t realize — obviously, your voice, it’s a muscle, and so every day my voice is getting stronger and stronger to the point where I’m just looking behind me going, who’s singing like that?'” Acclaimed Broadway producer Barry Weissler gushed over his new femme fatale telling the Associated Press, “She can surprise a lot of people.” “The woman has acting chops. She certainly can dance, and her singing voice is quite good. So here we go.” Anderson was first approached about the role 11 years ago but declined the project as she focused on raising her teenage sons without a nanny. “I couldn’t even imagine that was something I could do,” she said. But when she was reapproached about the project a few months ago, a star was reborn. The model, actress and activist has been displayed on front covers, starred in film and TV roles and headlined campaigns but has never stood under the stage lights. “I’m gonna be so nervous. But I also love the live audience. I’ve done a little bit of public speaking like at Oxford and Cambridge about veganism and things like that … so I think I’m really going to love it.” “From ‘Baywatch’ to Broadway. I am inspired by the unexpected,” she previously told the AP. “This is it, and I will not hold back anymore. I am letting go. For ‘Chicago,’ I’ll be putting all my cards on the table. I am doubling down — on me.” Anderson told CNN that she hopes that her new role “might be the beginning of something really interesting for me.” “And in a way where I feel respected, honored, all those weird things that I never felt before. So it’s a very strange feeling … I always knew, even as a young girl, I remember at 5 years old thinking that I was going to do something that was going to be unexpected … not to prove people wrong, but just to prove to myself that I was much more capable of something great.”