Putting up yet another “come on in” sign on the southern border, the Biden administration announced Friday that it will indeed axe Title 42 next month, ending its own power, based on COVID concerns, to send home illegal migrants who request asylum. And never mind that the Border Patrol (whose ranks Biden aims to cut) has no idea how it’ll handle the resulting surge-atop-a-surge, or that even many Democrats had warned against the move. By the way, Team Biden is also offering free vaccines to the migrants, though not turning away any who refuse. US immigration policy and enforcement have been a mess for decades, but Team Biden seems determined to make them an utter farce. This follows the tale of a group of Ukrainian refugees who flew to Mexico City a week after Russia invaded and proceeded to the border, where they were denied entry — and then to another port of entry, where they made it in. Plainly, word of the easiest way into the United States (and of the need to keep trying if it doesn’t work the first time) has spread far and wide, which is why the border surge is increasingly composed of people from all over the world, not just the Central Americans who started it as Biden took office and started signaling “welcome!” News of the initial denial prompted Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to quickly tell his troops that the war refugees’ claims for asylum are legit. Then the White House plans to accept 100,000 Ukrainians. (That number strikes us as low, with 5 million already fled, but then again Team Joe plainly has no plan to limit the number who come via Mexico.) DHS estimates that scrapping Title 42 alone will double the number of migrants. The Border Patrol predicts it will encounter 8,000 illegal migrants a day this spring, with the total passing 1 million in the first half of fiscal year 2022. That suggests the full-year total will beat 2021’s record 1.7 million. No wonder DHS has reached out to the Pentagon for help. Maybe they should just hire some professional greeters? The administration does its best to wave the migrants in, after all, releasing them by the tens of thousands each month into the interior (and secretly shuttling many across the country). That’s at least half the total “encountered,” even before the Title 42 repeal. It’s even looking to let officers rule on asylum claims at the border to speed up entry. The record set in February (165,000) marked 12 straight months of encounters over 150,000, and more than 2 million total on Biden’s watch — plus an estimated 500,000 border-crossers who have avoided the Border Patrol and escaped into the country. And the administration’s latest moves mean it’s all sure to grow worse. Biden keeps saying he’s going to get it under control, but his actions send the complete opposite message — and it’s one heard all over the world.