She studied the brain — now she’s working her body. A 21-year-old British woman has turned her back on a promising career as a neuroscientist in order to become a stripper and OnlyFans star — and she reportedly already earns more than her wealthy parents. Mercedes Valentine graduated from university with a first-class degree in neuroscience and was considering following in the footsteps of her doctor dad and mom, who make a combined income of $260,000 per year. But the brainy blond shocked her family and friends when she decided to pursue pole dancing instead. “My parents are both doctors and they know what I do, but my dad can’t bring himself to say ‘pole dancer’ and instead opts for ‘pole gymnastics,’ ” Valentine told Jam Press. “I think at first they were a bit shocked I didn’t follow the path they had in mind for me. “We’re a family of doctors and my sister is a lawyer, so this is a bit different,” she added. Valentine was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome when she was 15 — a condition that left her wheelchair-bound and having to learn how to walk again. Her battle was documented just last month by The Post. After two years of strenuous physical therapy, Valentine was mobile again and prepared to follow in her parents’ footsteps, entering the world of medicine by studying neuroscience. But pumped with newfound energy, she joined the university gym and signed up for weekly pole dancing lessons. When she finished her degree, a friend from her pole dancing class suggested she give stripping a try — and Valentine has never looked back. “I have no regrets — I absolutely love it,” the exotic dancer enthused. Valentine started work at a strip club in January 2020, just a few months before the COVID-19 lockdowns. Left without an income, the resourceful dancer subsequently decided to start an OnlyFans account for showing off her pole dancing prowess. The venture has reportedly seen her earn more than $250,000 within the past year — putting her in the top 0.1% of the website’s creators. Strip clubs have since reopened, and Valentine has returned to work, excitedly declaring: “I basically walk around and wriggle my bum cheeks and I make hundreds of pounds a night.” However, the young woman still continues to keep her OnlyFans account going — and is winning new fans in the process. “If I’m able to use my now-functioning body to help set me up for life, then I will,” Valentine declared, saying she’s saved most of the money she’s made. “I’m always scared that I’ll be back in a wheelchair by the time I’m 30 and want to use my body,” she declared. “I’ve got a first-class degree in neuroscience – so it’s always something I can fall back on if I need to.” Valentine added that her parents have even come around to her kinky career, saying, “They’ve got used to it now and are really supportive.”