Russian President Vladimir Putin’s two daughters are among those sanctioned Wednesday in the latest round of US and European economic penalties over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The daughters, identified in reports earlier this week as Maria Putina and Katerina Tikhonova, are part of a group of Russian individuals and entities facing sanctions as Western nations continue their economic crackdown on the Kremlin and its closest associates. The European Union enacted similar sanctions against the daughters. “These individuals have enriched themselves at the expense of the Russian people,” the White House said in a release. “Some of them are responsible for providing the support necessary to underpin Putin’s war on Ukraine. This action cuts them off from the U.S. financial system and freezes any assets they hold in the United States.” Putin has rarely acknowledged the two daughters, who are believed to be the children of the Russian leader and his ex-wife Lyudmila Putin, a former flight attendant. The couple was married for nearly 30 years before divorcing in 2013. While little is known about the daughters, Putin revealed in 2015 that both women attended college in Russia and speak multiple languages, according to Bloomberg. Tikhonova is a former competitive dancer who now runs an artificial intelligence initiative at Moscow State University. Meanwhile, Putina, who uses the surname Vorontsova, is a medical research and co-owner of Nomenko, a health care investment firm. Maria is Putin’s elder daughter and was born in 1985, according to the Kremlin’s website. Katerina was born in 1986. “To talk about where exactly my daughters work and what they do — I have never done this and am not going to do it now, for many reasons, including security issues,” Putin said at a 2015 press conference, according to the Wall Street Journal. “They just live their lives and do it with dignity,” he added. Putin is widely rumored to have other children, though their identities have never been confirmed. The White House said the sanctions affected Putin’s “adult children.” Other prominent Russians included in the latest round of sanctions included the wife and daughter of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, former Russian President and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev and current Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin. The sanctions also targeted major financial institution Sberbank and Russia’s largest private bank, Alfa-Bank. As The Post reported, Western officials have increasingly targeted the relatives of prominent Russians in rounds of sanctions — levying penalties against Kremlin spokesperson Dmitriy Peskov, his wife and children. The White House said the US and its allies have “levied the most impactful, coordinated, and wide-ranging economic restrictions in history.” “Russia will very likely lose its status as a major economy, and it will continue a long descent into economic, financial, and technological isolation,” the Biden administration added.