The NHL’s crunched schedule has drastically reduced the amount of times teams practice. That might have put a cramp in some coaches’ styles, but not Gerard Gallant’s. “As a coach, I want a rested hockey team,” Gallant, the Rangers’ head coach, said after a 25-minute formal session on the ice in advance of their match Thursday at the Islanders. “Probably our longest practices have been 40 minutes. “When you have time to have a good practice, you do it, but days like today it’s more about recovery, doing a couple of drills just to get the jump and get them going again. “I’m happy with the way the season has gone with the way I coach and my style of coaching. The big thing you worry about is not getting enough work with the specialty teams but we’ve found a way to do that when we’ve needed it. “I’ve been happy with the practice time.” The depth provided by general manager Chris Drury’s deadline-proximate acquisitions of Frank Vatrano, Andrew Copp, Tyler Motte (now injured) and Justin Braun has solidified the roster. It also makes for practice sessions with as many players as are usually around during the final week or so of training camp. Let’s put it this way: It is not often that a regular-season practice includes a fifth line whose players are in orange-colored jerseys. As a consequence, there are multiple healthy scratches every game. Defenseman Libor Hajek has not played since March 12. Julien Gauthier has played once since March 15. Greg McKegg, a staple through the winter, has played twice since March 20. “It is what it is, but I’m glad I’ve got the 27 guys now,” Gallant said. “Again, I talked with [the media] about this two weeks ago and I talked to you when it happened. “I mean, some guys are not overly excited because they’re not playing as much, but they understand. They’re good pros. It’s all about working for our team. We’re not working for individual stuff.” The Blueshirts will attempt to tie the franchise record of four straight shutouts that was established 94 years ago during 1927-28. Lorne Chabot was in nets for the quadruple zeros while holding the opposition scoreless for 297:42 from Feb. 23 to Feb. 28, 1928. The Rangers, who have gotten two straight shutouts from Igor Shesterkin against Detroit and Winnipeg in the wake of Alexandar Georgiev’s shutout of the Flyers last Thursday, have held their foes off the board for the last 180:06. Georgiev is all but certain to get the start either Thursday on the Island or Saturday afternoon in Boston before the Garden back-to-back next Tuesday and Wednesday against the Hurricanes and Canadiens, respectively.