Reigning PFL light heavyweight season winner Antonio Carlos Junior (13-5, 10 finishes) will help kick off the new season Wednesday (9 p.m. main card, ESPN) from Esports Stadium in Arlington, Texas. The 32-year-old Brazilian begins his quest for a second $1 million prize against newcomer Delan Monte (8-1, seven finishes). Carlos joined Scott Fontana via Zoom for Q&A in the Post Fight Interview. Q: You fought five times within nine months last year. How has the six-month break been since winning the championship?A: It was really good, actually. I [took] this time to improve some things that I think I needed. I went to Thailand a little bit to train [with] a different camp. … I trained at Tiger Muay Thai, but most of the time, I trained with Leo Elias [of Phuket Fight Club]. He’s a very good coach in Thailand. He’s a Brazilian, but he [has lived] in Thailand for, like, 15 years now. He trained a lot of Thai guys, a lot of champions. So it was really good. I improved a lot of areas that I don’t really use in my fights. So it was a pretty good time. I stayed there for, like, three weeks just to change the environment a little bit. Thailand is also an awesome place. Besides that, I trained a little bit with Luiz Dorea, my former boxing coach. I was in Brazil for a little bit, so I [took] that time to train a little bit with him. He got the boxing team two Olympic champions. So, I tried to take this time to improve [in] some areas. Q: Have you made any changes since the victory, such as putting on more weight or changing your approach?A: Not much. I didn’t change much, actually. I’m a little bit heavier, but not much. I used to walk around at [216 pounds]. Now I’m around [220 pounds]. … I see what [from] last year worked, so I keep doing the same stuff. Q: What was it like for you when that $1 million check arrived in your account?A: Man, it was great (laughs). [To] see some good amount on your account is always good. I fight for myself, but the money is important too. [To] see that, see the price, I [thought] about everything that I [had] to give up, every hard work at the gym, the tough fights that I had, and [it was] worth it. Q: Did you treat yourself to any fun purchases with your winnings?A: I try to save as much as I can. I already have my car. I have my house. I have everything set up, so I try not to spend much. The only thing that I bought was a good [Rolex] watch, but besides that, [I] just spent on traveling. But my lifestyle keeps the same. Q: What do you know about Monte, your first opponent this season?A: He’s from my city [Joao Pessoa] in Brazil. There’s not a lot of guys from my city. He’s from there, so I know him. We never actually trained together, but we know each other. I knew this could happen. I have some guys that I know in the division. This is a little bad because I don’t want to fight with my friends. He’s a pretty young guy, hungry guy. Q: Where is Monte the most dangerous?A: He’s a judo guy,, but … he likes to brawl, especially in the first round. In this division, everybody has heavy hands, so I just need to pay attention, don’t give him too much space and make the right movements. Q: You said you’ve been working on your striking, but you’re still a grappler at heart. Is getting the fight to the floor still the game plan?A: Always want to take the guys down because that’s what I’m more effective [doing], and I don’t get hurt (laughs). Taking the guy down is always my gameplan. The only thing that changed especially, in my mind, is I don’t want to force the takedown. I don’t want to force things. I want to let things present [themselves]. I want to make it present itself. I want to force anything, not even the striking or the takedown or the submission. I want to mix up everything to make an easy way to do whatever I want. Q: Is there pressure to win with finishes to earn more regular season points and qualify for the playoffs?A: None, bro, I don’t put pressure [on] myself. I just try to make things happen. I try not to force [anything]. If I get the chance, for sure, I’m gonna submit [my opponent]; I’m gonna knock somebody out. I think you gotta be smart. Q: Do you recall your first experience watching MMA?A: I decided I wanted to be a fighter when I was 15. I started training jiu-jitsu. I remember watching Pride, remember the fights like Wanderlei [Silva] and Ricardo Arona, these kinds of guys. It was really awesome. … What I remember is I started training jiu-jitsu, and the guys from MMA always [were] asking me to help them out too on the ground. And I was really excited to be 15 years old helping some MMA guys. It was awesome. Q: You can fight any person who has ever lived. Who do you pick?A: One of the [Paul] brothers now, to make some money (laughs), Jake and Logan. … They’re always asking to fight some guys that [are] about to retire or they already retired, but they never actually fight some champion. They never ask for the champion. You don’t see them asking for top fighters. Just smaller fighters than they are. Q: Typical weight on fight night?A: 218 [pounds], I think. Q: What fight from early in your career should fans watch?A: They should watch “The Ultimate Fighter: [Brazil 3].” It was great. I had two knockouts. I had not much experience [beforehand] — only three fights. I had like six months of training, and I got onto “The Ultimate Fighter” with three fights. That was awesome. I got two knockouts in the first round and one submission in the first round too. The only one that went to the third round, my first [full] three-round fight, was in the final against Victor Miranda. I think people should see the show again. Q: Who in MMA do you most admire?A: The guy that I really admire is Junior dos Santos. He’s a big friend. He’s always with me. We always train together. I know his life history. I know how good he is. He started training martial arts [when] he was like 21 years old, and at 27, he was the heavyweight world champion. So he’s great. I really admire this guy. I see how he works hard, how he is with his family, his son, and all his kids. Q: Favorite movie?A: I watch some, but not much to be honest. I like “The Godfather.” Q: Favorite song?A: Oh, I have a lot, man. I love all the music. I like Brazilian music: samba, bossa nova. Q: Favorite video game?A: I play on the computer. I like “Counter-Strike” and “Call of Duty.” Q: What’s a perfect day for you that doesn’t involve fighting?A: Being around a lot of friends. I like to be surrounded by people. I love my friends. I love to be with a lot of people around me, have some fun, a barbecue, whatever, the pool, go to the beach, make some trouble together. I love that.