Sometimes it feels like finding the perfect gift for your special someone is impossible. Sure, in some cases, they may give you a few hints about what they want or maybe they’re easy to shop for all around — but what about the people who already have everything they could ever want? For graduation season especially, the gifting game can get even harder. Aside from a diploma frame and a job offer, what do they really want or need? The answer may be as simple as a gift card. Better yet, an e-gift card that can be delivered right to their email inbox within seconds. These days, pretty much every retailer out there offers gift cards to customers, making it easy to snag a card from your graduate’s favorite store. Read below for a list of our top picks, for food, housewares, clothing and more. Did you expect any different at the number one spot? Amazon is the go-to hub for all things gifting, letting your graduate choose from hundreds of thousands of items at the touch of a button. Brooklinen is also offering e-gift cards, to snag their very own luxury sheets, bedding, towels, loungewear and more. Gift a year of movies, shows and stories with a one year gift subscription to Disney+. Netflix and chill just got a whole lot more fun. A gift card from Madewell can be used to buy tons of trendy clothing including great quality denim, dresses, shoes, accessories and more. Who doesn’t love a shopping spree? If your graduate is a makeup lover or a skincare junkie, then they’ll totally appreciate a gift card from Ulta Beauty. Dozens of brands such as Mac Cosmetics, Bare Minerals, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more are available for purchase. Give a sweet gift ton your grad with a Milk Bar gift card. They can choose from cakes, cookies, pies and more. As the brand says, “Don’t lose sleep over finding the perfect gift.” Parachute makes it easy with their digital gift card. Glossier is the one-stop-shop for all things skincare, makeup and beauty. Your skincare-obsessed grad will have a blast loading their virtual carts. Who doesn’t love buttery soft fabric, comfortable workout attire and cool athleisure? We know we do! An Away Luggage gift card is great for the travel enthusiast in your life. They can purchase anything from the brand’s website including their great quality but well-priced suitcases that come with a portable charger depending on which size they choose. Better yet, they can choose the brand’s new lavender release! If they are all about furniture and decor, then they will be head over heels for this Pottery Barn gift card. Trust us with this one. The Sill is an awesome plant delivery service based out of New York City. They offer many different plants (that come with chic planters) like ferns, snake plants and even trendy macrame plant hangers. Give the gift of Skims with this special gift card. Now, your recipient can choose whatever their heart desires. Ranging from accessories to shoes and tops to bottoms, Urban Outfitters has it all. With a gift card, your lucky giftee will have some fun shopping days! If your graduate is all about their furry friend, they’ll be pleased to receive a gift card from Petsmart without a doubt. Finding a Sephora gift card in a beautiful little card is a makeup lover’s dream. They can purchase whatever they want from brands like Nars, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more. If they enjoy cooking in the kitchen but don’t love running around the grocery store to find all the ingredients for their desired recipe, consider getting them a HelloFresh gift card. At Zappos, your loved one can purchase a variety of shoes and clothing from brands like UGG, Steve Madden, Marc Jacobs and more for men, women and even kids. If they love nice quality kitchen gear but don’t always have the heart to spend the extra money, consider buying them a gift card from Williams Sonoma so they can splurge a little bit more this year! If they just moved into a new place or just appreciate all the awesome products Bed Bath & Beyond offers, get them a gift card from none other than the home goods store. If trendy clothes is their middle name, consider getting them a gift card to H&M. The style finds are limitless. A Victoria’s Secret gift card is always a great gift. Your special someone can choose from silky pajamas, sweet body mists, yummy lipglosses and more. If he or she is a tech lover or you have had their eye on a certain item, purchase them a Best Buy gift card so they can put it towards their grand purchase! If they always order in, they’ll totally appreciate a DoorDash gift card to buy meals from their favorite local restaurants — plus it’s a great way to promote supporting small businesses! If they live in a big city or don’t own a car, they’ll definitely appreciate a Lyft gift card to help them get around town. Take it from us city dwellers. If the person you’re shopping for loves playing video games, buy them a gift card from GameStop. They can put the gift card towards a new game, headset, console and more. If you want to give them the gift of jewelry this season but don’t know what they may enjoy, consider a Gorjana gift card. Explorers everywhere will love a gift card from the iconic gear brand, Huckberry. Choose  from an array of pre-loaded virtual gift cards. The fashion guru in your life will be so appreciative of a gift card that allows them to opt into personalized style sent right to their door. Or, if they want to shop instantly, they can do that, too! If they’re huge fans of celebrities and the stars, then they’ll be overjoyed to receive a gift card to Cameo. With the gift card, they can access thousands of celebrities and request a personalized video message for any occasion. Gift your special person a gift card to Uncommon Goods, where everything is all out of the ordinary. They are bound to find unique items they can’t find anywhere else. Have a sports junkie on your hands? If so, an ESPN+ subscription is exactly what they’ll want. They’ll get to enjoy a plethora of live sports and originals. Gift two weeks of Sunbasket (three recipes per week) meal delivery kit. They’ll thank you for each and every delicious bite. As the brand describes it, drinks come true with Winc. So allow your recipient the drink of their dreams with a gift card they’ll definitely appreciate. If they’re always running around and don’t have time to cook, your giftee will be thrilled to receive a Freshly gift card that will feed them tasty meals. Housing products for face, body, hair and more, The Body Shop sells something for everyone. They won’t be disappointed with this one. Another great meal delivery gift card option, Blue Apron will meet all of their tasty needs and more. This gift card also never expires and carries no fees. Help them add some sparkle to a new house, a dorm room or a beloved space in their home with a gift card to Anthropologie. They also sell clothing and accessories, should they want to spruce up their closet, too. Have a gift to give? Just do it, with Nike. The shoe and athletics store is a great place to gift from for new shoes, a hoodie, leggings and more. Plus, they deliver via email in two hours or less. Nothing is better than the gift of a fully belly with their favorite foods. Send them a gift card to Goldbelly and let them pick from top-rated restaurants across the nation, delivered right to their door. Help them turn up the heat in their kitchen with a gift card from Our Place, home of the viral Always Pan. The cookware company also sells plates, bowls, cutlery and more, for new and experienced chefs. Really, what can’t you find at Target? This is the perfect place to give a gift card from, as the options they can choose from are endless, from technology to clothing, housewares and more. Protect their new electronics and shoe off their personal style with a fun case from Casetify. They also sell other tech accessories, like AirPod cases, laptop cases, watch straps and more. Re-stock their kitchen with must-have cooking, baking and other supplies they will love forever. They also sell tasty treats, decor and more, so your recipient has plenty to choose from. Instead of sending flowers, send the gift of plants, letting them pick their own at Bloomscape. You can also shop for care tools, too, like watering cans, pruning tools and more. What’s more fun than running wild in a department store with money to spend? Doing it all online. Give the gift of a Nordstrom gift card and make their day, letting them shop across all categories. Give the gift of fitness, wellness and beauty treatments, all at once. ClassPass lets you pick and choose from your favorite local gyms and salons, booking classes and more with a single click. If these items are on Oprah’s gifting list, they should be on yours, too. The super soft bamboo brand has bedding, loungewear and more that all make perfect gifts they can choose themselves. If Magnolia Bakery’s famous banana pudding and yummy cupcakes are calling their name, but they don’t live in NYC, give them a gift card to get them some ASAP. This sweet treat is a must for any one, as they now deliver nationwide. Instead of sending a gift basket, send them a gift card to choose their own, according to their tastes and preferences. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.