She’s finally done with daytime. Ellen DeGeneres has recorded the last episode of her eponymous talk show — two years after the wildly popular program was rocked by “toxic” workplace allegations. The 64-year-old funny woman took to Twitter after filming wrapped on Thursday afternoon, sharing a snap of herself looking pensive on the show’s stage. “Today we taped the final episode of ‘The Ellen Show’ which airs on May 26th,” the comedian wrote beneath the image. Clearly in a reflective mood, she subsequently reminisced on the 19 years spent filming the show. “When we started in 2003, the iPhone didn’t exist. Social Media didn’t exist. Gay marriage wasn’t legal. We watched the world change, sometimes for the better, sometimes not,” she wrote. “But whatever was happening, my goal was always for the show to be a place where we could all come together and laugh for an hour,” the star continued. “Being invited into your lives has been the greatest privilege of my life and has brought me incredible joy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.” Fans flooded the comments section beneath the tweet, paying tribute to DeGeneres and her work. “Thank you for making such an impact on so many people’s lives,” one longtime viewer cooed. “You’re an amazing person. I cry knowing that I won’t see you daily, but I know that you have something that you’re going to do that will knock our socks off. Love one another and be kind. What an incredible message!” Indeed, DeGeneres ended each episode of her show by imploring her fans to “be kind to one another.” But the TV queen came under scrutiny back in March 2020, when comedian Kevin T. Porter posted on Twitter, asking followers to share “the most insane stories you’ve heard about Ellen [DeGeneres] being mean.” Four months later, “The Ellen Show” was accused of being a “toxic” place to work in a bombshell BuzzFeed article that featured interviews with 11 former staffers. DeGeneres subsequently offered an on-air apology, saying she was not aware of the alleged problems plaguing her production. However, the widespread reports were followed by a significant dip in sponsors and ratings, with the star announcing in May 2021 that she would be ending the series. DeGeneres told The Hollywood Reporter that her decision had nothing to do with behind-the-scenes controversy. “When you’re a creative person, you constantly need to be challenged – and as great as this show is, and as fun as it is, it’s just not a challenge anymore,” she insisted. The star emotionally added that claims of a “toxic” workplace “destroyed me, honestly. I’d be lying if I said it didn’t.” This year, it seems DeGeneres has been going above and beyond to make sure her staffers are satisfied. Last month, The Post exclusively revealed that the entertainer was handing out “millions of dollars” in bonuses to her staffers. Generous DeGeneres also reportedly “gave gifts to everyone including trips, watches, cars.” Meanwhile, Deadline reported that employees received letters confirming that Warner Bros. plans to extend health-care coverage for six months after the program ends. The workers have also been provided with access to résumé-building and networking workshops. DeGeneres’ next career move remains to be seen. The star is an avid property flipper who is likely to be kept busy with her impressive property portfolio. Earlier this month, DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi, 49, offloaded a Montecito mansion for $13.9 million, just eight months after snapping it up for $12 million.