Igor Shesterkin has given up three or more goals in half of his past eight games played, after doing so 11 times over his first 37 appearances this season. Rangers coach Gerard Gallant still didn’t pin any blame on his star goalie after Friday’s 3-0 loss to the Islanders at the Garden. “Everything is great. I don’t go back eight games, I still think he’s been the best goalie in the league all season long,” Gallant said after Saturday’s practice. “[Friday] night, I couldn’t fault him on any of those goals. We didn’t score a goal to win. So no, nothing wrong with Shesty.” Even with a 3.16 goals against average over his past eight games (4-4), the 26-year-old Vezina Trophy candidate still began Saturday’s league action leading all qualifying goalies with a .934 save percentage. Shesterkin also ranked second in the NHL — behind Carolina’s Frederik Andersen (2.00) — with a 2.13 GAA and sixth in wins with a 32-10-3 record. Gallant did not say whether Shesterkin or Alex Georgiev will be in goal Sunday night against the Flyers. Rangers winger Barclay Goodrow on his first season as a teammate of 46-goal scorer Chris Kreider: “I don’t think I was completely aware of how good he was net-front, whether it’s tipping pucks or finding rebounds or just his awareness of where to be. “When the puck’s in certain spots, it may seem like he gets tap-in goals or easy goals, but it’s not easy to find yourself in the right spot every single time. That’s what he constantly does and he uses his speed to create chances. He kind of does it all out there. … He’s been unbelievable for us this year and he’s the guy that everyone on our team can learn from and take a lot out of his game to improve our own.” Ryan Strome (lower-body) returned to practice and skated on the fifth line. Gallant said the usual second-line center is “definitely a possibility” to play Sunday night against the Flyers, but “that’s obviously one of the things we’re waiting for.” Defensemen Jacob Trouba and Ryan Lindgren took maintenance days.