As RJ Barrett listed areas in which he wants to improve this summer, Obi Toppin interjected. “Free throws,” Toppin said, as he waited to start his own press conference following Knicks practice on Tuesday. “My free throws are fine,” Barrett responded. “I had a little dud for a couple games, but other than that, my free throws are fine. Probably been shooting over 80 [percent] since All-Star break, Obi.” He is, in fact, shooting 75.4 percent since the break, but that is beside the point. Before that interjection, Barrett had mentioned two areas he’ll be spending the summer trying to improve. His passing — in particular once he gets into the paint. And his shooting — in particular from the corners. He knows what he wants out of the next five months. Barrett had six assists in the Knicks’ win over Orlando on Sunday, close to his season-high, and he views the performance as a template of sorts. “You know me, I’m stubborn, going to the rim,” he said. “I’m a stubborn kid. I’m going to the rim and even if a 7-footer’s down there, I can score over him.” No one will knock Barrett for his confidence. But, he acknowledges, he could make the right plays in those situations more. “For me, I’m really thinking about those reads when I get into the paint, just getting my assist totals higher,” he said. “I want to be able to get my teammates involved more while still being able to do my thing.” As for his shooting, Barrett’s 3-point volume has improved this year, if not his percentage. But a glance at his shot chart shows that he’s taking his 3-pointers from the top of the arc on a much higher basis than the corners, where the distance is shorter. Moreover, he’s shooting about 31 percent when he does take shots from there. “Finding my shooting,” he said. “Number one, finding my shooting in the corner.” The 21-year-old Barrett has grown into a fledgling face of the franchise this season, averaging 20.1 points and 5.9 rebounds. It’s clear he loves the role. It’s been clear since the night he was drafted. Despite his age, he’s also grown into a leadership role for the Knicks. “He’s the first one in here, one of the last to leave and we always see him out there putting work in,” Toppin said. “That’s first, leading by example, and he’s very vocal. He’s talking to everybody, telling everybody what they need to fix or what they need to do to help the team.” Barrett doesn’t feel the pressure of New York. Good or bad, he embraces it. He wants to lead the Knicks back into the playoffs next season for just the second time since 2013, and to hear the adulation of the Garden deep into the spring. “I think he’s experienced big stages before,” Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said. “Playing at Duke prepared him for this. And he’s wired a certain way.” This summer will mark a chance to put his future on paper. Next season is the last on Barrett’s rookie contract, and he could put an early end to speculation by signing an extension during the offseason. “[Of] course I’m interested to see how that’s gonna end up and how that’s gonna work out,” Barrett said. “For right now, I’m still in the moment.” He deflected a few more questions about an extension. But one piece of the puzzle has no ambiguity whatsoever. “I love everything about being a Knick,” Barrett said. “Yeah, 100 percent, [this is] the place I want to be.”