A potential playoff matchup is in the making on Tuesday when the Milwaukee Bucks face the Chicago Bulls Tuesday at 8 p.m. ET on ESPN. Currently seeded as the number three and five seeds in the Eastern Conference, the two teams would face off in the first round if the Bulls fall to the sixth seed (a Bulls loss and Raptors win would push them down to six). Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo appears to be in playoff form as the regular season closes. He has successfully gone toe-to-toe with Joel Embiid and Kevin Durant recently. Although, a surprising loss to the Dallas Mavericks was led by the best guard in the league, Luka Doncic. As always, when betting, follow the advice given by Furio Giunta from the Sopranos and, “Bet with your head, not over it.” Spread: Bucks -6.5 vs. Bulls +6.5 Moneyline: Bucks (-265) vs. Bulls (+215) Total: Over 231.5 | Under 231.5 In a bit of a freefall, the Chicago Bulls are trying to right the ship. They have lost to teams like the New York Knicks, Utah Jazz, and Sacramento Kings in recent weeks. Overall, they lost 9 games out of their last 15 since the start of March. With their backs against the wall, the Bulls are expected to come out motivated on Tuesday. The spread on this game is just 6.5 points with most of the value baked into the Bulls badly needing this game, but they will likely be without Zach LaVine, according to ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski. Another major question is simply, “Who guards Giannis?” They could throw a combination of DeRozan, Javonte Green and Alex Caruso at him. However, none of those guys are going to be able to compete with the NBA’s premier athlete. The Bucks are rounding into form at the right time and are looking to repeat as champions. Back the Bucks here against the spread – they beat the Bulls by 28 on March 22nd. Bucks vs. Bulls prediction: Bucks -6.5 Adding together all three of these stats is the bet. Middleton averages almost this exact number every game this season (20.1 points, 4.8 assists, 5.4 rebounds). However, Middleton is only averaging 32.5 minutes played in those games. In his last 13 games, Middleton is averaging slightly more playing time (34 minutes). Some more expected usage surely helps his case in this competitive game. The Chicago Bulls love driving to the hoop. Do you know who is going to meet them at the apex in the lane? Former defensive player of the year, Giannis Antetokounmpo. The last time these two teams met, Giannis had three blocks and is over this number in three of his last four.