Along with the big white dress and booze-up with friends, the most important part of any wedding is seeing two people commit to each other for the rest of their lives. Although plenty of couples opt for personal vows to express their love, the most important moment of any ceremony is arguably the bit where they declare to look after one another “in sickness and in health”. But one bride-to-be has caused uproar online after she explained why she wants to remove this important line on her big day. Posting on Reddit’s “Am I The A—-le” forum, the woman said she wants to replace “in sickness” with “in happiness”. She explained: “This is harsh, but I hate taking care of sick people. “My siblings and I were always taking care of our parents whenever they get sick and I just hate it. “I’m sick of it and I hate feeling bound or obligated to take care of somebody. “My life is full of moments and events like this and I just finally want to live my life to the fullest.” Ahead of the wedding, the couple have been discussing their vows and her husband-to-be is opting for the traditional Christian lines. But after she suggested the “health” and “happiness” swap, the woman says her fiancé is now reconsidering if he wants to marry her at all. She continued: “My fiancé says that he will not accept this and he is very mad at me, he is even rethinking the whole thing. “I just don’t want to feel obligated to take care of anybody sick for years of my own and only life, it’s so stressful and I think he is being very unreasonable right now. “It’s just a marriage vow and I have the choice to change it.” Needless to say, other members of the forum were left raging by the post — which prompted the bride to clarify that she’d take care of him if he had a cold. She added: “However, if it’s chronic/severe and requires so much time and playing around (diets, restrictions, special conditions, etc) then no, I had enough of those in my life.” One outraged user replied: “You clearly don’t know what love is if you are asking this question and furthermore, you don’t love your fiancé and should let him find someone better who will actually take care of him not only in happiness but also through the hard times.” Another added: “The phrasing of vows isn’t the issue. The issue is that you only want a partner if he’s healthy and can do everything you want to do. “But the truth of life is that we will all get sick and, eventually, die. That’s an unavoidable fact of life, and being someone’s life partner means dealing with that.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.