Both of these grooms had cold feet on their wedding day — literally. A gay couple made history by holding their nuptials in Antarctica, becoming the first same-sex couple to wed in the British Antarctic Territory. Eric Bourne and Stephen Carpenter, who are both stewards on the polar research ship RRS Sir David Attenborough, married aboard the boat, according to the British Antarctic Survey. The duo, who have been together for two decades, said “I do” among pals, penguins and polar bears on Sunday with the ship’s crew of 30 onboard, the institute said. The ceremony was officiated by Captain Will Whatley. However, their reception won’t be held until May 8, after their boat returns to the Rothera Research Station. They also plan to host a bigger bash with friends and family in Spain later this year, “with around 100 staff, prepared by the station chef and danc[ing] to live music from the station’s resident band,” a press release said. The pair met 20 years ago while working on another ship and before being deployed in the last Gulf War. Bourne was working for BAS, the UK-based research center utilized for investigating polar regions, for three years prior while Carpenter joined RRS Sir David Attenborough in 2021. The couple’s mutual work helped them realize Antarctica would be the prime location for a wedding. “Antarctica is such an incredible place. We have been together for 20 years, but now we’ve both been to Antarctica together, it felt like the perfect place for us to finally tie the knot,” Carpenter said, according to the BAS. “We’ve even had the coordinates of the wedding location engraved into our rings,” he went on. The area overlooks the mountain peaks and icebergs of the Antarctic Peninsula, a sentimental location for the couple. Bourne and Carpenter registered their marriage with the BAT Government, and it is authentic in the UK. There is a law that grants legal marriages in the territory that echoes the rules of England and Wales, saying that all couples (regardless of sexual orientation), can apply for a license. “We’re both very proud to be the first same-sex marriage to happen in British Antarctic Territory,” said Bourne. “BAS is such a welcoming and accepting employer, and we feel very lucky to be able to live and work in such an incredible community and place together.”