Las Vegas is set to host a medley of A-list artists for the 2022 Billboard Music Awards. The first wave of musicians has been announced to perform at the show come May 15. Megan Thee Stallion, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Latto, Burna Boy and Rauw Alejandro will rock the house at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Sin City. Megan, 27, and “Big Energy” singer Latto, 23, are both taking the stage for the first time, while the Red Hot Chili Peppers are coming back to sing at the ceremony — 23 years after their last performance. Nigerian rapper Burna Boy, 30, and Puerto Rican artist Alejandro, 29, will also join the Billboard first-timers club when they perform at the show. Queen of Hip-Hop Soul Mary J. Blige will receive the Icon Award during the ceremony. The “Family Affair” songstress has received 10 Billboard awards in her lifetime, including nine statues for female R&B/hip-hop artist of the year and female Hot 100 artist. Past recipients of the Icon Award include superstars Pink, Garth Brooks, Mariah Carey, Janet Jackson and Cher. The 51-year-old Blige gushed over the honor in a statement earlier this month. “My career has been such an incredible and unexpected journey that has included many turns into avenues I never could have imagined like acting, producing, launching businesses, and now even my own music festival,” she said. “Through it all, I always one way or another gravitated back to my first love, music,” the “Be Without You” crooner added, “To be recognized in this way at this moment, with the Icon Award at the Billboard Music Awards, is an incredible honor and one that I am truly humbled by.” The Weeknd is the top finalist for the second year in a row and is up for 17 awards. The “Save Your Tears” and “Starboy” singer scored nods in the top artist, top 100 artist and top streaming songs artist categories. Doja Cat comes in a close second with 14 nominations. Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift and Drake are also up for top artist at this year’s show. Justin Bieber follows behind with 13 nominations. The Biebs earned nods for awards including top male artist, top Hot 100 artist and top streaming song for his single “STAY” with The Kid LAROI. The Billboard Music Awards will air live at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on NBC and Peacock next month.