Forget a slap — Chris Rock’s baby brother wants to duke it out with Will Smith. Kenny Rock, 42, is challenging the “King Richard” actor, 53, to a boxing match after he assaulted his older sibling at the Oscars last month. The younger Rock has just inked a deal with Celebrity Boxing founder Damon Feldman and told TMZ he has one opponent in mind. “I should get in the ring with Will Smith,” Kenny declared in an interview on Wednesday. “I could take him down!” “I’ll let the hands do the talking,” he ominously added. The Post has reached out to Smith’s representatives for comment. Meanwhile, Chris is lying low after being slapped across the face by Smith on the Oscars stage just over two weeks ago. Kenny told TMZ that his comedian brother, 57, is “doing great” in the wake of the assault and that they have been “texting and talking.” When asked whether Chris has accepted Smith’s Instagram apology, Kenny claimed he hadn’t spoken about it with his brother. However, he added that he “doubts” his sibling would forgive the “Men in Black” star for the shocking slap. Last week, another of Chris and Kenny’s brothers — Tony Rock — said he would “pop” Smith if they ever met face to face. Tony is “taking it kind of personally, and I don’t blame him,” Kenny told TMZ. Kenny has been blasting Smith in the wake of the Oscars slap, previously telling the Los Angeles Times that the televised assault “eats” away at him. “It eats at me watching it over and over again, because you’ve seen a loved one being attacked and there’s nothing you can do about it,” he stated. “Every time I’m watching the videos, it’s like a rendition that just keeps going over and over in my head,” Kenny continued. “My brother was no threat to him and you just had no respect for him at that moment. You just belittled him in front of millions of people that watch the show.” He called on the academy to strip the Oscar that Smith won shortly after attacking Rock. While the academy didn’t rescind the award, they announced last Friday that they were banning Smith from Oscar ceremonies for 10 years. Kenny said he is skeptical that Smith will actually be banned for that length of time. “We have to see if he’s gonna get the 10-year ban,” he told TMZ. “After three years, they might think we’ll forget about it and then slot him in.” Smith stormed onto the stage during the Academy Awards and slapped Chris across the face for making a joke about the actor’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Rock compared Pinkett Smith — who suffers from alopecia and shaved her head last summer — to Demi Moore’s bald character from the film “G.I. Jane,” prompting the smack that stunned the audience and viewers worldwide. “Keep my wife’s name out of your f–king mouth!” Smith then shouted — twice — after returning to his seat. A visibly stunned Rock continued presenting the Best Documentary Oscar, leaving the stage alongside the winners. The following week, the comedian performed a show in Boston in which he admitted he was “still processing” what happened to him at the Oscars. Although he publicly apologized to Rock in a statement, Smith has reportedly failed to contact the comedian personally to say sorry for the assault.