It’s all over for Twitter, Twitter’s heaviest lefties are telling us. The shrieking is at cat-tail-slammed-in-door levels. When Elon Musk takes over, they warn, Twitter will become a flaming toxic radioactive cesspool . . . of politically incorrect jokes and links to accurate reporting on Hunter Biden’s laptop. On the right, many people I respect such as Charles C.W. Cooke of National Review and Megan McArdle of the Washington Post think Twitter is beyond saving. As McArdle points out, Musk can hardly run Twitter himself, and young, brainwashed zombies from the Cult of Woke ultimately make the uncomfortable decisions about, you know, which presidents to ban. Musk can’t possibly clean house and bring in reasonable centrists who love free speech to staff every moderating job; as is true of the media, the pool of potential employees in Silicon Valley is as blue as San Francisco. And these eager young censors grew up this century — the era of trigger warnings and safe spaces. Many of them, I’ll wager, have never had a substantial conversation with a conservative in their entire lives. But I still think Musk can save Twitter: How about trying clear, fair, nonpartisan rules and telling content moderators to err on the side of letting people rhetorically slug it out? For those whose tweets get barred, there should be a clear and transparent appeals process. And nobody should be banned just for being a jerk. Threats? No. Doxing? Not allowed. Porn? Go elsewhere for that. But Donald Trump should be let back on. Whether something is “disinformation” or “a threat to democracy” ought not concern Twitter’s moderators, because what’s accurate will drive out the inaccurate over time. Oh, and in our glorious Muskian future, people will be free to joke again. This whole thing apparently got started because Musk was willing to spend $44 billion to keep reading the Babylon Bee. It was five days after the right-leaning Bee got suspended for making a joke about the transgender (male-to-female) individual Rachel Levine, who is the assistant secretary for health and human services, that Musk sent his famous tweet asking, “Do you believe Twitter rigorously adheres to” the principle that “free speech is essential to a functioning democracy?” In a followup post, he noted, with uncharacteristic earnestness, “The consequences of this poll will be important. Please vote carefully.” Seventy percent of two million respondents said Twitter does not adhere to the principle. You could argue the Bee’s joke about Levine was nasty. So freaking what? The best comedy is nasty. Jokes are supposed to say the unsayable. If your idea of comedy is people saying the sayable, watch Stephen Colbert. Neither Colbert nor anyone else ever gets banned from anything for calling Republicans Nazis, by the way. Would you rather be called a Nazi, or . . . a man? A few years ago, Howard Stern used to do interviews with a pathetic doofus who was an avowed officer of the Ku Klux Klan. Stern was on broadcast radio at the time, and no one thought he should be booted off the airwaves for “platforming” evil. The Klansman was so awful and ridiculous that interviewing him amounted to a public-service announcement: this is your brain on white supremacy. You could almost hear the Klan shriveling up and dissolving every time this redneck spoke. Musk understands that we need more, not less, engagement with disagreeable ideas. Remember when everyone agreed sunlight is the best disinfectant? Adherents of the world’s worst idea (communism) are allowed on Twitter. A great start! So should those who vouch for every other idiotic ideology. Twitter should be like a soapbox: it’s there for anyone to stand on and shout from. If you don’t like something, the mute button’s right there, folks. Vehement disputation is the American way. Apparently we need a South African to make that the Twitter way.