There’s two games left to this wrecked season — Friday in Washington in the battle for 11th place and Sunday’s finale versus Toronto at the Garden. The Knicks (35-45) are 10 games under .500 as they jostle for lottery position — just like old times. But Knicks president Leon Rose must make the most of the final 96 minutes and call the shots on rotations this weekend. Here’s five things Rose should want to see this weekend from Tom Thibodeau in the Washington-Toronto sendoff. 1. The Knicks need to start Immanuel Quickley at point guard the final two games and see him blend with the first unit of Evan Fournier and RJ Barrett. Quickley could be a fallback if the Knicks can’t land a legitimate starting point guard for next season. Quickley has been arguably their best player since the All-Star break despite a ragged game versus the Nets (1-for-8). Let him roll — 35 minutes a night running the show. No one needs to see any more of incumbent starter Alec Burks. Knicks adviser William Wesley, Quickley’s biggest fan, should place Burks in a cab bound crosstown so he can watch the Mets face the Washington Nationals. The 30-year-old Burks played 37 minutes versus the Nets and scored 24 points with one assist. The Knicks have seen what he can do out of position, and it’s just not good enough. 2. Julius Randle decided to shut it down for the last five games after the Knicks got eliminated from the postseason hunt a week ago. He’s dealt with a sore quad, but that was an official excuse. Randle plays through that stuff. It was in the best interest of all parties for the Knicks to start Obi Toppin so Randle wouldn’t have to hear “O-bi’’ chants when on the court. But let’s dig deeper. Relaunch Randle for the final two as an experimental backup center and put him in a small-ball lineup with Toppin in a 5-4 scenario. That would keep Jericho Sims still as starting center and rest Mitchell Robinson, who has proven durable enough for a juicy contact, likely elsewhere. If Toppin is considered an important future piece, the two power forwards only work if they use a small-ball tandem. Thibodeau is concerned about because of a lack of rim protection and team defense. Neither Randle nor Toppin are instinctive defenders, but offensively it has terrific potential. 3. Mostly, rookie combo guard Miles McBride is on the floor off the ball with Quickley at point. That wastes McBride’s talent. He’s a better passer and floor general than 3-point shooter. Make him a full-blown backup point guard so he can handle the ball 15 minutes a night. 4. Power forward Feron Hunt, their new two-way player who starred for the Westchester Knicks, should see some action — even if it’s five minutes of each game. Hunt, 22, is a lively body and rebounder, and the former SMU scorer will play on the summer league team. “I’ve liked what I’ve heard and what I’ve seen in the reports,’’ Thibodeau said. “This summer, the offseason, will be important.’’ 5. Victory should not be considered paramount in either game, as the Knicks can use all the pingpong balls they can muster. In the lottery standings, the Knicks and Wizards are tied for 10th seed, which gives them a 11.7 percent shot at a top-four pick — with combo guard Jaden Ivey a target. If the Knicks win both, they’d likely drop to 12th seed (7.1 percent). If they close a tight game with Ryan Arcidiacono-McBride-Sims-Hunt on the court, so be it.