Easter is right around the corner, and that means it’s time for some yummy candy, delicious chocolate, Easter baskets, adorable holiday outfits and blooming buds. Speaking of fresh blooms, Easter is a great time to gift yourself or a loved one a bit of spring spirit. With the help of the freshest flower delivery services outlined below, you can choose from roses, lilies, bouquets and more. While Easter is currently top of mind, you can also find year-round options listed, which are great for occasions like birthdays, get-well-soon gifts, subscription services and more. Happy gifting! Click to jump to our favorite places to order and send flowers, or scroll down to stop and smell all the roses below. Say hello to freshness with Proflowers, the exceptional carrier of blossoming blooms with a seven-day freshness guarantee. What’s more, Proflowers offers a no-signature, contact-free delivery to ensure safety while still enjoying a sweet and fresh delivery. Why give a gift that only lasts a few weeks, when your bouquet can last up to a year? The preserved rose arrangements from Venus Et Fleur are not only stunning but are also made to last for months — or even years — at a time. Made from real roses, they are preserved and arranged in a ceramic vase, serving as the perfect centerpiece and conversation starter in any room. Who needs an occasion to send flowers? Give the gift that keeps on giving, by sending a subscription for fresh flowers to a loved one. BloomsyBox makes it incredibly easy to do just that, with prepaid plans perfect for every budget and timeline. Choose between a month-to-month, three-month, six-month, or a full-year pre-paid plan, and then pick which bunch you like the best. Each bouquet ranges from 18 to 20 stems all the way up to a 27 to 32 stem premium bundle, arriving at their door hassle-free. Add a personal touch to your bouquets with the florists at Teleflora. Each bundle is arranged by hand and designed by local florists (depending on your location) so every bunch feels unique. Because they can be local, also keep an eye out for same-day delivery options and other perks you don’t get elsewhere. Sometimes flowers just aren’t enough, and an Easter basket with chocolate or a stuffed animal makes all the difference. 1-800-Flowers has partnered with some of the best in the gifting game, like Harry & David, The Popcorn Factory, Simply Chocolate and more to give the sweetest arrangement possible for every occasion. Of course, there are flowers too, and in abundance. Choose from any holiday or occasion, or browse by flower or plant type to find the perfect gifts all on one website. A short name with a large variety of flowers to choose from, Bouqs is perfect for those who always have a bunch in their home and love to send to others as well. Notably, it’s great for same-day delivery, depending on your area. The flower service not only has a la carte options for bouquets, but also a subscription service that trims the price and maximizes the blooming benefits. Starting at just $36 per month, a Bouqs subscription will get you 30% off and free shipping on every order, plus a $10 credit on your account every month. With access to exclusive curated collections, never again will you send a boring bouquet. UrbanStems gives “farm fresh” a whole new meaning when it comes to flowers. The flower company prides itself on having fresh, seasonal flowers sent straight from the farm to your doorstep in a matter of days — not weeks like some companies. Since bouquets change with the seasons and what is currently growing on partner farms, the seasonal arrangements are always perfectly bright and fresh when they arrive at your home. “We specialize in delivering a rotating selection of seasonal bouquets and gifts, all of which are sourced and designed in-house. Every bouquet has been lovingly designed with only the freshest stems — meaning we cannot customize orders,” reads the website. “Our arrangements arrive almost exactly as pictured. Small amounts of natural variation can be expected as color is impacted by variations in rain and sunshine at the farms.” Support local businesses and get the best quality blooms at the same time with Floom. The company combines the ease of online flower shopping with the benefits of shopping locally, making it easier than ever to get flowers delivered in your neighborhood. “We only work with the most talented and unique artisans, and we’re passionate about supporting our skilled family of florists. It’s not always easy to find beautifully crafted bouquets when ordering flowers online or dashing at your local supermarket,” the brand website reads. “That’s why we celebrate the amazing local florists who bring true passion and talent to every flower arrangement they assemble.” The best part is that many offerings qualify for same-day delivery, so no one will be waiting too long to have fresh flowers in hand. Sending fresh flowers doesn’t have to cost a fortune, especially with Send Flowers. Browse their page dedicated to giving you a bang for your bouquet buck, with arrangements for birthdays, housewarming celebrations, new babies and more. Many of the options are also eligible for same-day delivery, and be sure to check the site for coupons and deals, as they pop up frequently. Never get caught forgetting someone’s birthday again, with the same-day birthday selection at FTD. Say goodbye to the days of panicking when you realize it’s your loved one’s birthday and you didn’t get them anything. Instead, browse the selection of flowers on FTD’s same-day birthday page and send off a gift they’ll never forget. Choose from bestsellers, or shop by birth month flowers, adding an extra element of care into your selection. Make sure to enter your zip code to view the selection available in your area, and the flowers will be at their doorstep before they can blow out their candles or cut the cake. Cards are so 2021. Show them you care with a personalized vase instead. Using FaceVase, From You Flowers is changing the vase game, one face at a time. Simply upload your favorite photo to the FaceVase page and then pick an arrangement, which will arrive on the recipient’s doorstep with ease. Take advantage of the same-day delivery on eligible arrangements and show up for your loved ones, even when you’re across the country. These flowers won’t last long, since they double as a tasty treat as well as a beautiful floral centerpiece. Edible Arrangements is the name of the game when it comes to fruit baskets shaped like gorgeous blooms. Choose from a variety of arrangements, including multiple sizes of regular and chocolate-dipped fruit flowers to feed the whole family. Make your vision come to life, with a perfectly color-curated bouquet from Global Rose. On the site, shop by colors ranging from deep burgundy and crisp white to neon pink and rainbow hues. Or, choose to mix-and-match different colors to make one giant bunch of beautiful blossoms. You can also shop by the number of stems or even just get some colored rose petals, perfect for tossing as you walk down the aisle or for a romantic date night. Stunning to look at and rewarding to take care of, orchids are like the fine china of flowers. Making them more accessible, The Sill offers orchid options in shades of white or purple colors. You can also pick between an 18-inch tall bloom or a petite plant at about 14-inches tall. All Sill plants and flowers come with the option to choose your desired pot color, to match any room or recipient’s preference. Each plant will be sent to the doorstep carefully and in a timely manner. Plus, we reviewed The Sill and loved how it makes tending to plants that much easier. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.