Spring means warmer temperatures and a lot less clothing… which also means a lot of time spent getting rid of unwanted body hair. From lengthy showers spent shaving to potentially awkward waxing appointments, the process of getting ready to rock shorts or a bikini takes away from time that could be spent sunbathing and enjoying the better weather. If you want to prevent expensive trips to the salon and painful razor burn, it might be time to consider laser hair removal. The IPL Laser Hair Removal Handset brings intense pulsed light technology to your home, letting you do your own laser hair removal without leaving the house. And right now during the Spring Refresh Sale, you can snag it for $89.99, and save an extra $10 with coupon code SPRING10, taking it down to $79.99. Removing body hair is expensive and unpleasant. It doesn’t matter if you’re waxing or shaving, it’s not fun and it’s not permanent, so it’s an endless cycle of annoyance. That’s where laser hair removal comes in, making the hair removal process more permanent and super simple. This hair removal method used to require trips to the salon and leave you with a hefty bill, but the IPL Laser Hair Removal Handset has harnessed the technology to turn it into an easy at-home experience for a fraction of the cost (saving you thousands of dollars!). This hair removal handset from Posh Skin Co. uses intense pulse light that is absorbed by your hair’s melanin, turning it into heat and destroying the hair cell and follicle. You’ll notice that your hair grows back less frequently and even finer after just a few treatments. The typical treatment plan involves using the IPL just once a week for 12 weeks, then just once a month after that. It works on many different skin types and is even safe for those with sensitive skin. Spend this spring adding in more fun instead of worrying about hair removal! Use code SPRING10 during the Spring Refresh Sale to take $10 off the IPL Laser Hair Removal Handset and snag it for just $79.99. Prices subject to change.