Two Russian soldiers have died and dozens more became sick after they were apparently poisoned by stuffed buns given to them by Ukrainians near the city of Kharkiv, Ukraine intelligence officials said. The soldiers from the 3rd Motor Rifle Division were served the delicacies by citizens in the city of Izium, the Main Intelligence Directorate of Ukraine said Saturday. “As a result, two invaders were killed at once, another 28 went to intensive care,” officials wrote in a Facebook post. The conditions of the hospitalized soldiers were unclear. The report came as another 500 soldiers fighting for Russian President Vladimir Putin were hospitalized because of alcohol poisoning, Ukraine asid. It’s unclear whether the Russian troops obtained the alcohol from Ukrainian citizens. Russia has written off the incidents as “non-combat losses,” Ukrainian officials said. Meanwhile, Russia on Sunday launched strikes on the Ukrainian cities of Kharkiv and Odesa. Oleh Synyehubov, the regional governor in Kharkiv, said Russian forces launched more than 20 strikes on the city and its outskirts in the country’s northeast over the past day. A missile strike on the city of Lozovo wounded four people, and Russian tanks bombarded a hospital in the town of Balakliia, Synyehubov said. On Sunday morning, Russian forces also launched an airstrike on the Black Sea port of Odesa in southern Ukraine. The Russian military said the targets were an oil-processing plant and fuel depots around Odesa, which is the country’s largest port and home to its navy. Ukrainian officials said they also have found brutalized bodies of women, children and local officials in the small city of Bucha near Kyiv, as Russian troops withdrew from the capital and its suburbs. Ukraine claimed some of the women had been raped and set on fire. “There are murdered men whose bodies bear signs of torture,” added Oleksiy Arestovych, an aide to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. “Their hands were tied, and they were killed by shots to the back of the head.” Sergey Nikiforov, a spokesman for Zelensky, told the BBC that the gruesome discoveries  look “exactly like war crimes.” The Kremlin has previously denied committing war crimes in what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine. Russia had promised last week that it would “radically” reduce its attacks around Kyiv and Chernihiv, though Ukraine has warned that it does not mean the cities wouldn’t become targets again, and the US and its allies predicted the move could simply mean Putin is regrouping. With Post wires