A TikToker claims that her waxer shared a video on OnlyFans of her receiving a bikini wax without her knowledge, causing commenters to tell the poster to call the waxer out. A now-deleted video posted by @awkwardddblackkkgirlll received over 70.7k views since being posted on April 8. “Okay so this is about the girl who posted my goodies on her OF page, doing my wax,” the poster said in the video. She explains that she texted the waxer after seeing a snippet of the video on Instagram. She asked the waxer if it was her in the video as she noticed her tattoos. “And she was like, ‘oh my god, yes I am so sorry. I meant to call you and ask you if I could post it. I said, well when you gonna call? It’s still there, I paid the $11 to see if it was me. She posted from the part where I lay down to get my wax to the part where she had me in butterfly position and everything,” the poster explained. Then, the poster claimed that the waxer tried to keep the video up after being caught by claiming she would lose tips if it was taken down. “She’s saying, ‘if I take it down, I lose the tips, could I just send you the $150 instead?’ Girl, I know what OF is, I had one before. You won’t lose the tips unless they charge back. “She said, ‘I could still send you the $150’ if she could keep the video up. I said, my tattoo’s showing, I have birthmarks down there.” The poster explained the waxer had around 488 people subscribed to her OnlyFans and that they were from the same city. “Hello? Those people probably aren’t subscribing to OF to see you do wax. They’re trying to see the different varieties of goodies.” The waxer asks the poster why she was upset because “it’s a nice video.” But the woman fired back, claiming the waxer was using her body for profit. The poster said she told the waxer that she would pursue legal actions if the video was reposted and reported the video to OnlyFans, saying that she didn’t consent to it being posted. Commenters called for the poster to take the waxer to court for posting the video. “Girl sue!” wrote one viewer. “488 subs, she made way more than $150 off it, and you didn’t consent to that. Ruin her whole life literally cause she tried it with you.” Another wrote: “Take her to small claims and sue her for $5000 for emotional damages,” Others called for the waxer’s license to be taken away by reporting her to the state licensing board, which the poster said that her mother has done on her behalf. “This is highly unethical (and so many other things).” wrote a commenter. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.