What to make of the Tampa Bay Lightning? The two-time defending champs have looked disinterested at times this season, like a club that finds regular-season games boring and is just coasting to the playoffs. That’s the narrative surrounding the team, anyways, and it does speak volumes that in a “down year” the Bolts have already eclipsed 100 points and have been in a playoff position all season. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: TOR +1.5 -225) vs. TB -1.5 (+180) Moneyline: TOR: +105 vs. TB -130 Total: Over 7 +110 | Under -130 Perhaps the fact that Tampa had all but wrapped up its playoff berth months ago has played into the malaise, but even so, there will be plenty of folks paying keen attention to the Lightning’s game against the Leafs — their likely Round 1 opponent — on Thursday night. In terms of form, the Leafs are in much better shape than the Bolts right now. Toronto has gone 11-1-1 in its last 13 games and has a +24 goal differential in that span. Tampa Bay is currently mired in a 9-10-2 stretch with an even goal differential. While the Lightning has earned themselves the benefit of the doubt with their back-to-back titles, it is a bit confounding to see the Bolts post a 50.3% expected goals rate over their last 25 games. Tampa just isn’t driving play at 5-on-5 at their normal levels. Tampa still has the individual talent to get results despite pedestrian 5-on-5 play, but their most important individual is also starting to struggle. Andrei Vasilevskiy, the reigning Conn Smythe winner, has looked like a mere mortal over the past two months, skating to a .904 save percentage and a +1.91 Goals Saved Above Expected (GSAx) in his last 19 games. All that said, there’s still reason to back the Lightning in this spot and it starts in goal with Vasilevskiy. Even though the Russian has struggled, he’s still been the best goaltender in the NHL over the past three seasons and he is the clear A-side in tonight’s matchup with Erik Kallgren. Entering the season, Kallgren wasn’t even on the radar for the Leafs, who had Jack Campbell and Petr Mrazek at the NHL level and Joseph Woll and Michael Hutchinson set up as the insurance policies in the AHL.  Throughout February the Leafs struggled in goal, both in terms of form and with injuries. Mrazek, Woll, and Campbell all were hurt at one point or another, so Kallgren got the call. He’s played admirably, if not well, for Toronto. Kallgren has posted a .895 save percentage and a -4.5 GSAx in 11 games this season. The Leafs don’t need great goaltending to win because of their offensive prowess, but those numbers won’t cut it against the Bolts. With Kallgren getting the nod and Auston Matthews in the press box dealing with an injury, the Bolts have value at -135 or better. Here’s hoping they get up for this one. The bet: Tampa Bay Lightning -135 (DraftKings or BetMGM)