When the Yankees opened the season last week against the Red Sox on YES, one of its top analysts, Paul O’Neill, was noticeably absent. On Monday night, O’Neill made his season debut on the Yankees-Blue Jays game, broadcasting from his home in Ohio while Michael Kay and David Cone were in the booth at Yankee Stadium. It was awkward. YES officially said O’Neill’s work-from-home setup was because the Yankees legend had “family issues,” which leads to the question: If that is the full reason for O’Neill not traveling to The Bronx, then why did YES have him broadcast at all? The larger issue involves O’Neill’s COVID-19 vaccine status. O’Neill is not vaccinated, according to sources. The Post obtained documents sent to employees saying that YES personnel had to have proof of vaccination by Jan. 1. There is an exception in the policy for a “medical condition or a sincerely held religious belief or practice.” A YES spokesman declined comment about if the network has a policy that makes it mandatory for employees to be vaccinated. Under Major League Baseball’s rules, O’Neill could work the game, but would be restricted from entering the clubhouse, the interview room or to be on the field during batting practice. On the air, he would not have to wear a mask, but in common areas, like hallways and bathrooms, he would be required to have one on. The return to a more pre-pandemic work setup is one that all of society is grappling with, and baseball is no different. O’Neill is not alone among top MLB TV analysts in choosing to not yet get vaccinated for the virus. John Smoltz is no longer on MLB Network after a vaccination policy took effect last fall. In September, MLBN instituted a policy in which everyone in its Secaucus studio had to be vaccinated. Smoltz declined and was no longer on set. Now, he is not on MLB Network at all after his contract expired. Sources have said that Smoltz has no plans on returning to MLBN. He did not return several messages seeking comment and official confirmation of his intentions. “John is not currently an MLB Network analyst, but we continue to talk with him about returning this season,” an MLB Network spokesman said. Smoltz remains Fox Sports’ No. 1 analyst with his new partner Joe Davis. Smoltz is allowed to be in the broadcast booth, but not go into the restricted areas, which means he will have to converse with players, managers and coaches over Zoom. After the Blue Jays series concludes on Thursday, YES and O’Neill have until next month to figure out a plan. After a phone call and text seeking comment, O’Neill texted that because of the lockout, the first two series he was scheduled to call were canceled. He only had this week’s games in all of April. He will not have another game until May. “Talk to you then,” O’Neill said. When asked specifically about if his vaccination status had anything to do with his absence from the stadium, O’Neill declined to text back. If nothing changes, there is something even bigger than a broadcast that could be potentially impacted. On Aug. 21, the Yankees are set to retire O’Neill’s No. 21 at Yankee Stadium. Even if unvaccinated, a ceremony probably could still happen, but it most likely would not include any current players and could be tamped down.