She may work 9 to 5, but Dolly Parton starts her days at 3 a.m. The 76-year-old songstress told Insider that she rises well before dawn, eager to make the most of the morning. “I go to bed pretty early, but even if I’ve been up late — it’s just kind of like a little clock inside of me that says, ‘It’s 3 o’clock!’ ” Parton revealed in an interview on Monday. The effervescent American icon insisted that she never feels tired, saying: “I don’t require as much sleep as a lot of other people do. That’s kind of a Parton family trait.” “I’m like my daddy,” the crooner continued. “He was always up early, even if he had to go to bed late.” Despite shunning shut-eye, Parton admits she does spend ample time cozied up in bed, claiming she “gets some of her best work done” beneath the covers. Elsewhere, the “Jolene” singer spilled some of her beauty secrets to Insider. Parton told the publication that she doesn’t splurge on expensive skin-care products, saying cheaper items are all she needs to get by. “I don’t do any big rituals with my skin or anything, and I don’t think you have to pay a ton of money to have good products,” the star stated. “Most of the products that cost less are just as good, and sometimes better than the ones that cost a fortune.” When quizzed on her age-defying looks, Parton says staying out of the sun in her younger years has helped keep her skin smooth and supple. “I never got out in the sun,” she explained. “I don’t have a lot of the same problems that women my age do ’cause I never baked myself in the sun. I would’ve if I’d been able to tan, but I couldn’t, so now I’m glad!” It’s not the first time Parton has discussed her beauty regimen. Last year, the blond bombshell hit headlines when she confessed to sleeping in a full face of makeup in case of a natural disaster. “I do all my beauty work and cleaning my face in the morning because I usually try to keep my makeup on at night, because I never know if there’s going to be an earthquake or a tornado or a storm and I’m going to have to go out in the middle of the night,” she told WSJ Magazine.