Day Two of the NBA play-in games has arrived and Joe Dellera of the Action Network is here to share his favorite player prop bets for Wednesday (video above). For his first prediction, Dellera is looking to the Western Conference play-in game between the San Antonio Spurs and New Orleans Pelicans. In that game, Dellera is backing Dejounte Murray over 17.5 rebounds + assists and Jakob Poeltl over 10.5 rebounds + assists. Dellera’s belief in Murray stems from his ability to post above-average marks against the Pelicans and the situational changes in the postseason. “Murray has hit this in 53 percent of games this season and in three of four against the Pelicans,” Dellera explains. Plus, because of the increased stakes, Dellera expects Murray to log more minutes than in the regular season. In Murray’s one postseason game to date, he logged 39 minutes, a mark he’s reached in 13 games this season. In those 13 games, Murray has surpassed this prop benchmark in 10. As for Poeltl, Dellera’s confidence arises from his recent ability to clear this prop benchmark. “[Poeltl] has hit this number in seven of his last 10 games and in 71 percent of games on the season,” Dellera says. Plus, Poeltl is a perfect four-for-four against this line versus the Pelicans this season and is averaging 13.25 rebounds + assists in those four contests. Against a New Orleans defense that has struggled of late, Dellera expects the Utah product to make it five-for-five tonight.  For Dellera’s final player prop bet, he’s backing De’Andre Hunter over 14.5 points for the Hawks against the Charlotte Hornets. Hunter has hit this prop in both games against the Hornets this season and, given Atlanta will require his defensive prowess to limit the Hornets, Dellera believes he’ll play at least 30 minutes tonight. In 27 games this season where Hunter has recorded 30+ minutes, he’s cleared this point total in 16, including eight of his last 10 such games. For those reasons, back another strong performance Wednesday from the University of Virginia product.