Regardless if you’re using everything from hair masks and oils to personalized haircare (or, the best shampoos we reviewed), frizzy hair may still ensue. For some, it’s inevitable — the torment of fervent flyaways too brutal to bear. For others, it’s just a matter of using the wrong formulation. That said, we consulted two haircare experts for a tell-all on managing and mitigating frizzy hair once and for all. Ahead, we corralled the top 25 products they recommended to put on your radar ASAP (especially now that warmer temps are on their way). Suitable for air-drying or styling with your favorite curling iron or wand, these products are the real deal — the non-negotiables that may be the next best thing for your hair type and concern (frizz, that is). “Frizz is a common complaint in the salon, however the source of the frizz isn’t the same for everyone,” Amy Abramite, hairstylist, salon educator and creative director at Maxine Ltd. in Chicago, told the New York Post. “It’s important to identify the root of the problem and treat it with the right products for the best results.” Ahead, find the best products to add to your online shopping cart ASAP, along with an FAQ on treating and managing frizzy hair — the expert-backed advice you need. Click to jump to the best products for frizzy hair: The golden question, right? Luckily, Abramite shares her go-to guide. “Begin by shampooing with a sulfate-free shampoo for gentle cleansing to keep more moisture in the hair for added hydration,” Abramite explains. “A deep conditioning hair mask will nourish and soften lengths for easy detangling.” Be sure to use a cooler water temperature when rinsing to close and smooth the cuticle down further for glossier locks, avoiding harsh towel-rubbing action. Detangle hair if applicable, and apply your favored styling cream, leave-in conditioner, serum or spray depending on the texture and density of the hair to mitigate frizz. Additionally, when blow-drying with a nozzle for straight hair, aim the airflow parallel to the strands to smooth them down with a paddle or round brush, she recommends. For drying hair with a diffuser for curly hair, circulate the blowdryer around the hair without disturbing the texture to keep the curls intact. It all boils down to the ingredients in the hundreds of hair products available to you. “While shea butter is often recommended for nourishing the body, it can be used in many hair care products to nourish and condition the actual strands of your hair,” Andrew Fitzsimmons, celebrity hairstylist for Kim Kardashian, Megan Fox, Jennifer Lopez and more, told The Post. “It’s rich in essential fatty acids and vitamins A, D, E and F.” Both Abramite and Fitzsimmons recommend coconut oil, too, as it helps strengthen and hydrate your locks. Much like treating acne, everyone’s condition differs based on multiple factors. For hair, thickness and texture are defining ones. According to Abramite, this is a “gentle cleansing shampoo to control frizz and add shine for unruly hair.” What’s more, it’s especially great for wavy and curly hair, helping to tame frizz while mitigating dryness. As one of the top shampoos we tested, there’s no surprise Briogeo’s Farewell Frizz Smoothing Shampoo was included in this article. “It’s a vegan shampoo that smooths strands to a silky finish and cuts down on the frizz factor,” Abramite adds. For just $20 right now, you can snag Kristin Ess’ The One Signature Shampoo & Conditioner. “It’s a shampoo for pretty much anyone,” Fitzsimmons said. “It gets your hair super clean but also leaves it feeling moisturized and looking shiny.” We can’t believe this effective formula with elegant packaging is just $15, either. “It’s a frizz-fighting shampoo that smoothes the hair with yuzu ceramide and exotic oils,” Fitzsimmons highlights. For less than $10, how could you go wrong with this co-wash clad in pump-style packaging? “This helps to gently cleanse and moisturize the hair and the scalp,” Fitzsimmons shares, vetting the formula. Per Abramite, Kérastase’s Curl Manifesto Lightweight Conditioner for Curly Hair is a “softening conditioner that detangles curls without weighing hair down and adds shine.” Plus, it’s great for fine, medium and thick hair alike. “This cleansing conditioner is good for frizzy hair, as it helps people who lack natural moisture,” Fitzimmons said. Paired with the brand’s shampoo, you’re golden. Like its much-recommended shampoo, NatureLab’s Perfect Smooth Conditioner is another $15 bottle to display on your shower’s shelves. “This conditioner is lightweight, oil-infused and helps promote a healthy scalp environment,” Fitzsimmons said. Similar to Haritage’s shampoo, its Tame the Mane is one worth the acclaim (and not just for its name). “It smooths and moisturizes dry, frizzy hair, weightlessly,” Fitzsimmons shares. As a personal favorite, this edit would be incomplete without a mention of OUAI’s Detangling and Frizz-Fighting Leave-In Conditioner. “It sprays into lengths to detangle and protect during heat styling,” Abramite approves. According to Abramite, this is a “heat protecting spray that reduces frizz and smooths hair on unruly texture.” In our book, it’s a double (or, triple) whammy, helping to tame frizz, increase shine and protect against heat damage. Why Kristin Ess’ Style Assist Blow-Dry Mist? Per Fitzsimmons, “it cuts down drying time which is beneficial for people with frizzy hair.” Plus, you can’t beat the affordable price point. Similar to the salon, NatureLab’s Perfect Smooth Blowout Lotion is a tough one to beat. “It protects and defends the hair with a lightweight smoothing serum that instantly separates and detangles tresses in your hair,” Fitzsimmons adds. For a wonderful blow-dry product to help resolve frizz, try Briogeo’s Farewell Frizz Heat Protection Cream. It’s one vetted by Abramite for being vegan and helping tame your luscious locks. “This is an argan oil-infused cream that conditions and tames frizz by hydrating hair with a soft finish,” Abramite said. Though not as affordable as other options, we can attest it’s well worth the buy. For best results, Abramite advises to “block humidity with this spray to keep coarse, dry hair smooth and shiny for days at a time.” As it’s name suggests, it’s quite literally a dream. If we’re being honest, amika is one of the most beloved brands we’ve ever had the pleasure of trying. Specifically, The Shield Anti-Humidity Spray and Heat Protectant is a cross between a hair mist and dry shampoo, “protecting hair from heat styling and locking out humidity for 24 hours,” Abramite notes. This “curl-defining mousse has a lightweight hold for soft touchable hair with frizz control,” Abramite approves. For just $7 on Amazon right now, it’s difficult to pass up, too. If you’re looking for your next hair-boosting serum, Trademark Beauty is a brand we definitely have to put on your radar. “This smoothing serum repairs and protects hair from heat styling and humidity,” Abramite shares. Not only loved for its sleek packaging, but NatureLab’s Perfect Smooth Hair Oil is one to pump and apply to your strands. “This product locks in the perfect style for people with frizzy hair,” Fitzsimmons shares. Meet Sol de Janeiro’s Brazilian Glossy Nourishing Hair Oil — one of the brand’s newest and finest. Like its best-selling Brazilian Bum Bum Cream ($48), we can’t stop using it. “This vegan high gloss oil hydrates and nourishes while protecting from heat and frizz for 72 hours,” Abramite said. OK, we’re all about a frizz-reducing product that’s just $5. “It’s a vegan serum with long-lasting results for sleek and shiny hair with argan oil,” Abramite explains. Plus, it even helps tackle dry hair. If your hair is looking really rough, it’s time to bring the big guns in (or formula, like Kérastase’s Resistance Mask). “This deep conditioning mask hydrates, nourishes and [helps] repairs damaged hair,” per Abramite. For less than $20, treat your hair to a mask on occasion. “This product is easy to distribute throughout the hair and is softening and detangling, but not heavy,” Fitzsimmons recommends. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.