Class will come to order: Lesson 1: New ballclub: the Staten Island FerryHawks. Affiliated with Major League Baseball. Lesson 2: President: Eric Shuffler. Lesson 3: Co-owners: John Catsimatidis, Yankees, Pete Davidson, Colin Jost, Michael Che, Dany Garcia. Lesson 4: On this team — Atlantic League’s first female player — is Miss Kelsie Whitmore. Facts: Californian. Born 1998. 5-foot-7, 140 lbs. Father’s name Scott, mother is Mirasol, brother Matthew. She’s a pitcher, utility player. Cal State Fullerton college. Post grad onto baseball’s Sonoma Stompers and Portland Pickles for Team USA. Has silver medal, gold medal, championship ring. Day One with the FerryHawks struck out the first batter she faced. Kelsie: “Age 4, I played with my first ball outside with my dad and brother. Every day Dad threw one and I’d run around the bases. Screwing up made me better. Even traveling, playing with a group of guys, my parents were supportive. “High school presented situations. Like, you get those cold looks. My team was supportive but opposing guys always talked smack. Comes with the territory even when I didn’t talk back. I don’t talk smack. I just worked as hard as I could. I prefer to talk with my game. Wherever you go in life may depend on how you respond. I’m a homebody. I told my parents I didn’t want any negative vibe.” And how did our new FerryHawks find her? “Social media,” she told me. “Writers, baseball references reported on me. One day their general manager texted saying my name’s been recommended and, ‘We want to talk to you. Call us.’ I called right away. I had offers from other leagues. I sent them a video, information, my mechanics. I said I want to be in a high league. High-level players. I want the right culture badly. So we started talking every day for a month and a half. “They checked with outsiders, people in the baseball world. I wasn’t in New York in person. My parents and my home is in Temecula.” OK, she’s now been here almost a week. How does she like New York? “I love your pizza. But you guys say what you want to say. You’re bossy people. I’m used to respect. And I’m from Temecula’s warm, clean environment. It’s coldish here. Also trash around. Someone should pick it up.” Suggested was that she forget knocking our city. “The team’s been generous and supportive. My own changing room, locker room. My own area to change, shower, my own restroom. Off the field they’ve made me comfortable. Good quilt, right environment for me to sleep. I checked it all out. “On the mound I visualize success. Go with the vibe. Play hard. Handle things well. And I always wear a certain necklace with a ring on it. Someone special gave it to me. And always I wear my hair down. If that gets in my mouth I deal with it. “Also, I call important people in my life before a big game. They message me and support me. This way if I’m stressed out I can breathe a little. My dad’s coming in to be with me Opening Day.” So to anyone humming “Take Me Out to the Ball Game,” that’s April 21. PITCHING his very first starting game, this brand-new rookie walked the first five guys he faced. The manager took him out of the game. Throwing his glove to the ground angrily as he walked off, the rookie pitcher yelled, “Damn! He takes me out just when I have a no-hitter ­going.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.