Are you ready to say goodbye to your winter jackets, thick sweaters and snow boots? We sure are! What better way to get into the mood for warm weather than with a colorful new wardrobe from none other than Stoney Clover Lane. Starting Saturday, April 2, the customizable accessories brand is teaming up on a limited-time-only collection of over 300 budget-friendly, warm-weather pieces including apparel, accessories, swim, beauty essentials, outdoor items and more coming to Target.com and most stores. The collaboration also features patches, stickers and DIY kits (tie-dye anyone?) to easily customize the pieces and create your own one-of-a-kind look. Stoney Clover Lane x Target is designed to encourage shoppers to express themselves through personalization and pieces that can be mixed and matched to fit your very own style. “We know our guests are increasingly looking for unique ways to show off their personal style, and Stoney Clover Lane is a brand we’ve had our eye on for a while, since they are known for their customizable pieces,” Jill Sando, executive vice president and chief merchandising officer at Target, said in a press release. “We’ve admired how the brand has created such a highly recognizable aesthetic with a deeply engaged audience and know our guests will love finding Stoney Clover Lane at Target, just in time to show off their individual style for spring.” Stoney Clover Lane, which was founded in 2009 by sisters Kendall and Libby Glazer, was created to take everyday organization to the next level with their line of travel accessories designed to celebrate individuality. Due to the brand’s fun coordinating patches and customization options that can be mixed and matched with any of its products, Stoney Clover Lane quickly gained a wide social media following — making their items high on many shopper’s wishlists. “Stoney Clover Lane is all about re-imagining the everyday and making it full of color and fun. There’s nothing better than a Target run and we are overjoyed that Stoney Clover Lane gets to be part of that experience this spring and inspire customers to let their personal style shine,” said Libby Glazer, co-founder of Stoney Clover Lane. “We are so eager to launch this collaboration with Target, which marks our first foray into several new categories like ready-to-wear, suitcases, electronics and more,” added Kendall Glazer, co-founder of Stoney Clover Lane. Apparel and swim items in the Stoney Clover Lane x Target collection range in size from XXS to 4X and the full collection ranges in price for as low as $2 to no more than $160, with most items under $20. The collection will be available on Target.com and in most Target stores starting April 2, while supplies last. You’ll also be able to shop with Target’s contactless (and convenient) same-day pickup options, Drive Up and Order Pickup. The collection features backpacks, suitcases, tote bags, fanny packs, sandals, patches, notebooks, coolers, sunglasses and more. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.