Braden Schneider is trying to stay grounded and in the moment. If he gets ahead of himself, the rookie defenseman said, that’s when the overthinking sets in. With five games left on the regular-season calendar, beginning with the Islanders on Thursday night at UBS Arena, it’s looking more and more like Schneider will be one of the Rangers’ top six defensemen heading into the playoffs. “It’s definitely something I’m really excited for,” Schneider said of his first NHL postseason. “My main focus is just to keep building my game. I haven’t been in that situation in the playoffs before, but I’ve seen it. It looks like it’s ramped up and the physicality is ramped up. So just to make sure that I’m keeping my habits and keep building my game to make sure I’m ready for those moments if they come. “It’s been a cool experience to learn and I’m excited for it. I can’t wait to get in there.” Since his NHL debut on Jan. 13 in San Jose, Schneider has skated in all but two contests as part of the Rangers’ third defensive pairing. The first matchup he was scratched in was right after the trade deadline, when head coach Gerard Gallant played all of the Rangers’ new additions — including veteran defenseman Justin Braun. The other was against Braun’s former team, the Flyers, on April 3 after Schneider went a minus-three in the 3-0 loss to the Islanders on April 1. Entering Thursday, Schneider had competed in the past eight straight games since his last healthy scratch, skating alongside either Braun or Patrik Nemeth. The last contest Nemeth and Braun lined up next to each other was the aforementioned Flyers game over two weeks ago. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Braun, who was brought in to deepen the Rangers’ defense, had only played in six games since arriving in New York entering Thursday. It seems as though Gallant has a preference for the Nemeth-Schneider duo, which has been on the ice for 11 Rangers goals and 10 against over 303:42 together, according to Natural Stat Trick. “He’s earned everything he’s gotten,” Gallant said of Schneider. “From the day he got called up. The plan was coming into training camp, we didn’t see him on our hockey team right away. He was a young kid who we wanted to get some [AHL] games and experience and he went down there and he played hard and he did all the right things. He came up here and [has] done nothing but play good.” Much has been made of Braun’s 100 playoff games of experience and rightfully so, especially considering how young this Rangers squad is. But Schneider has only strengthened his case with responsible play and a memorable hit that turned into a fight against the Devils this month. Schneider agreed that he’s taken pride in being able to hold onto his spot in the lineup for the most part since Braun came into the picture. “It’s something that’s completely out of my control,” he said. “I just got to make sure that I’m out there doing my job and doing what I can to help the team win. It’s awesome to keep getting opportunities and keep playing, but can’t take it for granted because we have a ton of great players on our defense.”