Behold: The priciest pad in Idaho. This lakeside mansion outside Ketchum has just made Idaho history as the most expensive listing the state has on the market. This lodge-style home is asking $19.75 million to own its 276 acres, a price tag that no other Gem State property has ever dared to ask — let alone get. Located on the banks of a spring-fed lake, the Camas Road estate offers dramatic vistas on all sides, with elevated views of both the lake — which is private and comes with the property — and nearby Bald Mountain. There’s also more than 1 mile of groomed private hiking trails and a rather obscene amount of acreage, according to the listing by Sun Valley Associates. As for the main house, it’s more than 10,300 square feet with four bedrooms, four full bathrooms, a powder room and an additional caretaker apartment. The main-floor master bedroom has an outdoor spa, the kitchen has a breakfast nook and the great room features an oversize river rock fireplace — one of four rock fireplaces located throughout the home. There are also has four gas-forced air furnaces, air conditioning and radiant-heated bathroom floors. In addition to the great room, there’s also a large dining room, a  family room, a pantry, a laundry room, an exercise room and a main-floor office. A 4,400-square-foot basement is “ready for conversion.” In addition, there’s an arboretum “for exotic birds and plants” and two separate attached three-car garages (and one detached garage). The property is guarded by an electronic privacy gate, and the listing also notes a “complete security system,” as well as touch plate lights, electronic blinds and a built-in sound system. There are stone and wood details throughout. “Seize this once in a lifetime opportunity to be the successor steward of one of Idaho’s most exclusive legacy properties,” advertised the listing. The property was built in 1990 and previously listed for close to $16 million in 2018, a price which was then reduced to $13 million in 2019 before the listing was taken down entirely before coming back at the current price, Mansion Global reported.