One clever YouTuber has revealed how anyone can create a hologram using their iPhone. The trick was shared by @Mrwhosetheboss on YouTube a few years ago and has since been watched more than 24 million times. “Get ready guys because you’re about to learn how to make your very own hologram,” the YouTuber said at the beginning of the 2-minute long video. “This is actually much simpler than you probably imagined,” he added. He then informed users of the materials they needed, including graph paper, tape, a pen, scissors, a smartphone, and a CD case – though we recommend a flexible screen protector instead, and yes, we have tested it. The first step is to draw a basic rhombus shape on your graph paper using the dimensions 1 cm by 3.5 cm by 6 cm. Next, use your scissors to cut the rhombus shape out of your graph paper – that is going to be your template for cutting the screen protector. Once that is done, you’re going to trace your rhombus shape onto your screen protector four times, and then carefully cut them all out. In the end, you should have four rhombus-shaped cut-outs that will you need to fasten together using your tape. You should aim for a pyramid shape (see image below) when taping them together – note that the bottom and top of the pyramid will be open. Once you have done that, you are ready to project some holograms! First, select a hologram video on Youtube of your choice – there are specific videos that are created for this purpose. Then, place your hologram projector in the center of your smartphone screen. Lastly, turn off your lights, press play on your phone, and enjoy the show! “I did this for my school science project and won the competition. I didn’t know that this video was from the guy who makes one of the best tech videos ever,” one user wrote under the YouTube tutorial. “I love how this is short, to the point, and actually works lol. More tutorials on YT should be like this,” a second user added. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.