The Rangers not only clinched their first playoff berth in five years Saturday night, but they also punched their ticket to the Stanley Cup tournament with nine games left in the regular season. There was something special about getting to secure their spot in the postseason all by themselves with a 5-1 win over the Senators at the Garden, as opposed to making the playoffs as the result of a loss by another team. It was fitting for this Rangers club. Behind Artemi Panarin’s three-point night, a two-goal effort from Chris Kreider and a strong offensive showing from the top six, the Rangers cruised to their third win in a row. Over that span, the Rangers have outscored their opponents 11-2 despite some roster turnover. The Blueshirts reached the 100-point mark for the first time since 2016-17 and 11th time in team history. For all the opinions that surrounded the Rangers’ unforeseen and immediate success this season under new leadership, the wins never stopped piling up. Now, sitting in a tie with the Hurricanes atop the Metropolitan Division, the Rangers are looking like the real deal. “I think everyone understood, you look at our roster, you’ve got some of the best players in the world, some young talent, a little bit of everything, probably the best goalie in the world, it’s time,” said Ryan Strome, whose goal in the second period made the score 4-1. “We took that first step. It’s a good feeling tonight. You don’t want to get too high, obviously, on this emotion. Especially the way the last few years have gone, it’s a good feeling tonight.” Not much had to be said in the Rangers’ locker room in preparation for this game, Strome said. The Rangers knew what was on the line and were in a position to take matters into their own hands. The Rangers broke open a 1-1 game in the second period with three goals, from Andrew Copp, Kreider and Strome. But the flurry of scores came after a big-time save from goalie Igor Shesterkin against the Senators’ top-line center Josh Norris, who was denied on a 3-on-2 rush. Copp then took a cross-ice pass from Panarin and picked the top corner on Ottawa netminder Anton Forsberg at the other end to give the Rangers their first lead of the night. “He always does things every single night that just make us roll our eyes on the bench,” Kreider, who scored goal No. 48 in the second period and No. 49 in the third, said of Panarin. “Stuff that no one else can do. I don’t think he’s any different than anyone else on our team. He understands that we were on the precipice of making the playoffs and he’s a big-game player to go along with all the things that he does so incredibly well.” Shesterkin ultimately turned aside 21 of the 22 shots he faced to secure his 34th win of the season. So the Rangers will still be hanging around the rink when the calendar flips to May, in just over three weeks. The consensus was that they would enjoy this playoff-clinching win for the night, but the Rangers are now set on finishing atop the Metropolitan Division. “At the end of the day, you want to make the playoffs and you want to accomplish that goal of winning the Stanley Cup,” Kreider said. “I think it’s made this group incredibly hungry and incredibly focused, it’s just the first step.”