Opening Day means a fresh start for teams around the majors. For Aaron Judge and the Yankees, it means the days of them talking about a long-term extension before the season are coming to an end. As of Thursday evening, the two sides were still talking, but no deal had been struck. Judge said repeatedly throughout spring training that he wouldn’t continue negotiations into the regular season because he didn’t want to deal with the distraction, maintaining that discussions would end until after the season. There would just be an agreement on a one-year deal in arbitration, with Judge asking for $21 million and the Yankees countering with $17 million. At that point, they would have to go through an arbitration hearing during the regular season, which could cause some friction. The Yankees would still have exclusive rights to talk to Judge after the season, but he’d be that much closer to hitting the open market. Before the Yankees left Tampa on Tuesday, Judge declined to provide an update on whether he expected a deal to get done in time: “We’ll get there when we get there.” It’s certainly not a foregone conclusion that Judge remains with the Yankees beyond this season, which he acknowledged on Tuesday, saying it had occurred to him that this could be his final Opening Day as a Yankee. And Anthony Rizzo reminded everyone of what seemed to be a slam dunk a year ago — Freddie Freeman staying with the Braves — turned out not to be the case. “When it comes to business, it’s no secret Freddie Freeman isn’t on the Braves anymore,’’ Rizzo said at Yankee Stadium, where the Yankees were preparing to face the Red Sox for Friday’s season opener in The Bronx. “There’s no loyalty in this game. When you take your heart out of it, that’s the tough part.” Rizzo said he’s talked to Judge about the process, and the first baseman noted Judge’s importance to the Yankees — on and off the field. “What his value and what his worth is extremely high on this team,’’ Rizzo said. “He’s a legitimate MVP candidate every single year and he knows that. He’s really good at this game and really good at how he handles everything. What he brings to this organization, in my time here, is something I’ve not seen before.” Judge’s contractual status won’t affect him on the field, according to Aaron Boone. “I don’t think it impacts him at all,’’ the manager said. “I know where his focus is: on his team and his teammates and trying to win a championship. Whether he signs an extension or doesn’t, I don’t think it matters at all [for what kind of season he has]. I know where his head is at. I know what he is prepared to lead us to do.”