Trader Joe’s employees have warned customers to avoid the frozen food section and to buy their fruit and vegetables from elsewhere. Four unnamed workers revealed a list of products that shoppers shouldn’t buy when visiting their local store. One worker said the frozen produce is too expensive, according to Business Insider. While another claimed shoppers should go elsewhere when it comes to buying frozen fruit. The cuts of meat on offer are too expensive although they are of good quality, a worker said. And, a different employee told Insider that savvy shoppers could get better value for money if they looked around for their fruit and vegetables. Employees that work at Trader Joe’s are not fans of all the products on offer to customers. The chain often sells its seasonal goodies around holidays or specific months. The Jingle Jangle is sold around Christmas time, while its Pumpkin Ginger Mini Hold the Cone! ice cream cones can be picked up during fall. Popcorn flavors are endless at Trader Joe’s. One of the quirky products is called “Popcorn in a Pickle”. The Trader Joe’s website states it’s a “sure sign that summer is on the way”. Its flavors are “bold completely fresh and prodigiously pickle-y”. But, one worker told Insider: “Some stuff is just not my cup of tea”, referring to the popcorn. Meanwhile, a former Trader Joe’s employee, who worked at the store for three years, blasted customers that don’t pick up their trash. They told Business Insider that leaving empty cups creates a “nuisance” for employees, according to the former worker. They said it’s “unsanitary” to leave open packages. The ex-worker also urged shoppers not to blame staff if the parking lot at their local store is small. Parking lots and stores may be smaller than shoppers would like, but berating employees about the lack of space is futile. Heading to TJ’s in the early morning near opening will get you optimal parking, and a less crowded store. The ex-worker urged customers to return their carts to their designated area once they’ve finished shopping, rather than abandoning them in the parking lot. They also warned shoppers that complaining about long lines at the cash register does nothing to make them shorter. The former TJ’s employee told Insider: “Complaining or making rude comments about the lines does nothing, especially if your own cart is packed with items.” And, The Sun has revealed a list of seasonal items shoppers shouldn’t miss out on when visiting their local Trader Joe’s store this spring. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.