“WILSOOOOOOON!” Tom Hanks and his old pal from the 2000 movie “Cast Away” have reunited for a very special baseball game on April 15. Hanks, 65, threw the first pitch at the Cleveland Guardians’ opening day game at Progressive Field against the San Francisco Giants. The Oscar winner sported white and red Cleveland Guardians garb and had his trusty sidekick Wilson along with him to toss the first pitch to Larry Doby Jr. “Joining Tom, please welcome his former costar from the movie ‘Cast Away,'” said an announcer in a video of the game posted by the sports team on Twitter. “It’s Wilson, the volleyball!” Doby Jr. is the son of the late Larry Doby. He played on the Cleveland team and was the first black sportsman in the American League. Once Hanks stepped up to the mound, he raised the blood-stained white volleyball over his head. One side had the character’s infamous handprinted face on it and the other side showcased the Guardians’ logo. The “Forrest Gump” actor then placed Wilson on the ground so he could hurl the ceremonial pitch. In a prank, the ball rapidly traveled around on the field — possibly by a remote in a nod to how Hanks’ character heartbreakingly was separated from his friend in the film. Hanks burst out laughing as he looked on. “There goes Wilson,” one announcer said during the game after the ball rolled away. “It’s windy today,” another emcee joked. After the baseball was thrown to Doby Jr., the Guardians’ 2022-2023 season began and kicked off with a bang: The Giants ultimately beat the Guardians 4-1 that day. The Guardians’ original name was the Cleveland Indians and the baseball team decided to change their moniker last July. The organization revealed the name change with a video — narrated by Hanks — last summer. “There’s always been Cleveland — that’s the best part of our name,” the “Saving Private Ryan” star said in the clip. “And now it’s time to unite as one family, one community to build the next era for this team and this city to keep watch and guard what makes this game the greatest. To come together and welcome all that want to join us.” The video continued, “We are loyal. And proud. And resilient. We protect what we’ve earned and always defend it. Together we stand with all who understand what it means to be born and built from the Land. Because this is a city we love and the game we believe in. Together, we are all Cleveland Guardians.”