If you need an edge rusher, you’re good. If you need a wide receiver, you’re good. If you need an offensive tackle, you’re good if you’re picking high. If you need a quarterback, you’re screwed. If you’re Joe Schoen and Joe Douglas, this is your time to bring the Giants and Jets, respectively, back to relevance. Eight teams own a pair of first-round picks, and the Giants and Jets are two of them. And the only two with a pair in the top 10 … barring a trade down. Douglas also possesses the 35th and 38th picks, so this is his best chance to close the rather large gap on the rest of the division, starting with the Josh Allen Bills. Rookie Schoen needs two impact players, one of which better be an offensive tackle or John Mara won’t like reading his emails. The Serby Mock 4.0 goes 1-25, with Mock 5.0 to forecast the entire first round on Draft Day: Travon Walker, DE/OLB, Georgia If GM Trent Baalke favors upside, this will be the choice over Aidan Hutchinson as The Other Josh Allen’s partner in crime. I can’t stop watching his 6.89 Combine three-cone. Who can? Aidan Hutchinson, DE/OLB, Michigan Coach Dan Campbell needs a QB of the future, but a relentless local boy who makes good rushing the passer and helping change the culture is difficult to pass up. Evan Neal, OT, Alabama A mountainous bookend for LT Laremy Tunsil if O-line coach George Warhop appreciates Tytus Howard on the interior. Or a mountainous bodyguard for Davis Mills. Jermaine Johnson II, DE/OLB, Florida State A source who reluctantly admits he is not close to GM Joe Douglas divulges he has no idea whether Kayvon Thibodeaux aced his visit to Florham Park. But Robert Saleh could use a prototypical 6-foot-5, 254-pound predator who can help Carl Lawson rush the passer and set the edge as well. And oh, by the way, a team captain to boot. Ikem “Ickey” Ekwonu, OT, N.C. State Daniel Jones and Saquon Barkley would pick up this kneecap-biter in a limo if GM Joe Schoen gets LT Andrew Thomas a bookend. See? Offensive lines can be fixed, after all. Kayvon Thibodeaux, DE/OLB, Oregon Sam Darnold pinky-swears he’s the best man for the job, and even though owner David Tepper and coach Matt Rhule don’t buy it, they pass on a quarterback because Haason Reddick has taken his 11 sacks to Philadelphia and Brian Burns will need a bookend pass rusher. Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner, CB, Cincinnati Schoen considers a trade with the Seahawks and Saints, who would be thinking about leapfrogging Atlanta for a QB, but why not grab the draft’s best corner and self-proclaimed best player in the draft? Malik Willis, QB, Liberty Owner Arthur Smith isn’t on the hot seat, but Matt Ryan is in Indianapolis, so it’s time for his QB of the future who can learn behind bridge QB Marcus Mariota. Charles Cross, OT, Mississippi State Coach Pete Carroll secures an elite pass-blocking franchise LT for Drew Lock this season and for the quarterback he starts next year. Drake London, WR, USC The former basketball player provides Zach Wilson with a 6-foot-5, 210-pound plus target and complement to Elijah Moore. “Drake London,” ESPN’s Dan Orlovsky tweeted, “is Keyshawn Johnson.” Would that mean Moore is Wayne Chrebet? Derek Stingley Jr., CB, LSU The Lisfranc injury is no longer a problem, and coach Ron Rivera should jump at the chance to intercept a stud who can match up with the likes of CeeDee Lamb, DeVonta Smith and Kenny Golladay. Kyle Hamilton, S, Notre Dame The classic Best Player Available to team with Harrison Smith and give Aaron Rodgers pause. Garrett Wilson, WR, Ohio State A much-needed weapon alongside Brandin Cooks for second-year QB Davis Mills. George Karlaftis, DE/OLB, Purdue Tyus Bowser returns from a torn Achilles and new defensive coordinator Mike Macdonald could use a potential double-digit sacker. Jameson Williams WR, Alabama Roll Tide one more time with a blazer who will make Eagles fans forget Jalen Reagor, once Williams recovers fully from his torn ACL, perhaps by midseason. Fly, Eagle, fly. Jordan Davis, DT, Georgia Mouths were agape at the Combine because a 6-foot-6, 341-pound man isn’t supposed to move the way he did. Trevor Penning, OT, Northern Iowa LT Rashawn Slater, last year’s first-rounder, was a godsend, but when Justin Herbert is your franchise crown jewel, a belligerent second godsend on the opposite side is wise. Trent McDuffie, CB, Washington He’s 5-foot-11 but plays bigger. Steven Nelson flew the coop and Darius Slay is 31. Chris Olave, WR, Ohio State A replacement for LT Terron Armstead must be found, but a deep threat for Jameis Winston and complement for Michael Thomas makes sense too. Kenny Pickett, QB, Pittsburgh If you don’t have a franchise quarterback, hope on Mitch Trubisky is not a strategy, and wouldn’t keeping the kid with the small hands home be a neat little story? Devin Lloyd, LB, Utah Bill Belichick, with Dont’a Hightower and Jamie Collins seemingly out of the picture, infuses much-needed youth with a versatile, complete three-down playmaker. Treylon Burks, WR, Arkansas Not the blazer that Aaron Rodgers and coach Matt LaFleur need and want, but somebody has to replace Davante Adams and Marquez Valdes-Scantling, so a big, 6-foot-2, 225-pound target who could remind cheeseheads of Deebo Samuel Lite will do. Devonte Wyatt, DT, Georgia A pass rusher is needed, with Chandler Jones in Las Vegas and J.J. Watt now 33, but this versatile thoroughbred can replace Corey Peters and shield LBs Isaiah Simmons and Zaven Collins, the previous two first-round picks. Zion Johnson, G, Boston College A plug-and-play bookend for Zack Martin is needed to aid Ezekiel Elliott, because Connor Williams left for Miami. Kaiir Elam, CB, Florida Tre’Davious White is expected back for training camp, but that doesn’t mean Batman doesn’t need a 6-foot-1 Robin with appealing length.