The Boston Celtics came back from a 17-point deficit to defeat the Nets 114-107 on Wednesday night to take a 2-0 series lead. Despite that result in Boston, the Nets are 3.5-point favorites for Game 3 on Saturday night in Brooklyn. Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant might as well have stayed at home in Game 2, and must up their games to avoid the Nets going 0-3. The Celtics rallied to defeat the Nets on Wednesday night, and have all the qualities to storm into Barclays Center to get another result. The Nets are one of only two teams, along with the Pelicans, to make the playoffs despite having a losing record at home. The Nets struggled to find any sort of rhythm there, going 20-21 at Barclays Center, and won more games on the road (24) during the regular season. Boston is a good road team, having won 23 away from homs this season. In fact, the Celtics embarrassed the Nets in Brooklyn during the regular season, winning the two games by a combined 58 points. Against the spread as 3.5-point favorites or more, the Nets have covered just 13 out of a possible 41 games. The Celtics on the other hand, are 7-1 when entering as 3.5 underdogs or more. The Celtics moneyline looks appealing, but I’ll take the safer route and grab the points. The pick: Celtics (+2.5) to cover (-105, BetMGM) One of my Game 2 picks was the Under, and it hit with six points to spare. While the line has been set lower for Game 3, I’m still riding the Under train. The Game 2 total hit the board at 228.5 and slid down to 226 points with early sharp play on the Under. Game 3 is currently set at 222.5, which would have been a winner for Game 2, with a final score of 114-107.  The Celtics pounced on Nets errors to overturn the deficit in Game 2. Boston won’t be given the same opportunities if the Nets get their heads together, after Durant and Irving struggled find any rhythm in Game 2. The Under has hit in seven of the Nets’ previous nine matchups, with five of those coming at Barclays Center. Nets fans need to get behind their team, but don’t be surprised if this is the lowest scoring game so far. The pick: Total points Under 222.5 (-110, BetMGM) Bettors must not forget that Boston went 3-1 against the Nets during the regular season, with two of those wins coming in Brooklyn. The Celtics upped that to 5-1 through two playoff victories at home. Despite backing the Nets to turn it around in Game 2, I’m not going to stick with them. The Nets led by nine at the end of the first quarter, after a 9-0 stretch in the opening two minutes of the game. Their dismal fourth quarter, in which they scored just 17 points, was the main reason for the Celtics’ celebrations. A bold prediction here, but I like the play. Expect the Nets to come flying out of the gate, with Boston biding its time. The Celtics can afford to lose a game, so the pressure is all on the Nets. I’ll go for a repeat outcome of the Wednesday night affair, with the Celtics coming through with a second-half resurgence. The pick: Nets Halftime / Celtics Fulltime (6/1, FanDuel).