Picture this: You step into the room with all eyes on you. You look up just as the strobe lights hit your face. Your cheekbones gleam and shine — and it’s all thanks to JOAH Beauty’s Crystal Glow Tinted Luminizer. While that may be a bit dramatic, we swear JOAH Beauty’s Tinted Luminizer deserves the clout, especially when it’s 35% off with the promo code WINNER35. The stick is available in ten different shades and not only highlights your face but also contours and provides all-over radiance. Oh, you think the coveted tinted luminzer’s pros end there? Well, think again, as it’s packed with a luminizing peptide which works to clear and smooth skin in just six weeks. We also can’t get enough of the brand’s ethos, as the tinted luminzer is made without parabens, phthalates, SLS and formaldehyde while remaining vegan and cruelty free. We just love JOAH Beauty, and while the star of the show is indeed the Crystal Glow Tinted Luminizer (and its crazy good deal), we just had to share some of our other top favorites from the brand below. For more content recommendations, you can also check out the other brands we’ve partnered with during the New York Post Shopping event this week. Rejuvenate dull skin with a hydrating blend of skincare and an iridescent, dewy finish with this makeup must-have and skin mist. Packed with hyaluronic acid, purifying hibiscus flower extract and 3% luminizing peptide, you won’t be able to get enough of it. You’ll love this gel eyeliner as it features intense color and easy application — it’ll become a beauty staple in no time. Best of all, it comes with a built-in sharpener. Coat and condition your lashes with this award-winning mascara. You can expect some serious lift and a whole lot of volume. With a cream-to-powder formula, this ultra-fine brow pencil is next level for adding natural hair like strokes. There’s no sharpening needed, and it comes with a spoolie for easy blending. May you fall in love with JOAH Beauty’s LINE UP Felt Tip Liquid Eyeliner and may the wings of your eyeliner always be even. You can look forward to a precision felt tip, a fast-drying formula and waterproof color. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.