Since 2022 is the year to try new things, better yourself and take the plunge into a wellness trend that has been going strong for almost a decade. And on 4/20, the holiday celebrating the hemp plant that produces cannabis — maybe this year is the one to introduce CBD into your wellness routine. CBD, an abbreviation for cannabidiol found in the hemp plant, is now incorporated into drink mixes, skin salves, bath bombs and even food and beverages. While booming in popularity, many are still unsure what CBD is, or if it is psychoactive like its cousin chemical, THC. “It’s a naturally occurring substance that’s used in products like oils and edibles to impart a feeling of relaxation and calm,” according to a Healthline article explaining CBD. “Unlike its cousin, delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), which is the major active ingredient in marijuana, CBD is not psychoactive.” There are so many products on the market to try, and since the effects vary from person to person, it may be worth experimenting to find the most suitable products. You may come out feeling less anxious, more relaxed or worst case: with a new yummy drink mix or soothing lotion to use. Also, in honor of the “holiday” many brands below are offering deals on their offerings, helping you celebrate all day and year long. This one is all in the name, and nothing else. Just CBD is a one-stop-shop for your CBD needs with a full product range for everyone’s tastes and textures. If you want the latest drop, make sure to bookmark their Weekly Specials page for the most current offerings and sales on bestselling products. Right now, some fruity Strawberry Banana CBD Gummies are on sale for $13.99 and for the vegans out there, the Vegan Exotic Fruit Gummies and the Vegan Mixed Fruit Gummies are both on sale for $17.99. For those watching their sugar intake, they also have a sugar-free gummy that cuts the sugar, not the flavor. If you don’t want to ingest your CBD and prefer a leisurely soak in the tub, be sure to find the bath bomb and soap section of the site. First take a long bath with a CBD Bath Bomb, available in relaxing scents like Rose, Lavender, Eucalyptus, Citrus and Sweet Cherry. Then, lather up with some Hemp Soap and then finish it all off with some lotion or massage oil. Take the guesswork out of how to dose your CBD intake with the flavored and unflavored powder packs from Caliper. “There’s so much confusion about CBD in the market right now. With Caliper CBD, there’s never a question about the quality or dose of what you’re getting,” Caliper Foods co-founder and brand director, Missy Bradley said in an interview with The Post. “Not to mention the convenience of being able to mix it quickly and cleanly into any food or drink, hot or cold, including something as basic as a glass of water.” The CBD brand has two easy-to-use products. The first is a 20-milligram unflavored packet to add to a glass of water or mix into food. The pack of 30 goes for $44.99 per month and can be ordered as a subscription so you never run out. As an added bonus, new Caliper customers can take 15% off their first order with code NYPOST15, exclusive to New York Post readers. Caliper and all its ingredients are tested for quality by top third-party labs in the U.S., making sure each packet is properly dosed and of top quality and potency. As always, Caliper’s products are 100% THC-free, sugar-free, calorie-free, vegan, gluten-free and non-GMO. The Caliper Swiftsticks is a pixie stick-like packet of flavored CBD to simply pour onto the tongue and enjoy. They come in a cool mint, mixed berry and a lemon-lime flavor, adding a perfect punch of flavor to your daily dose of 20 milligrams. For a full range of CBD products, look no further than CBDistillery. They carry CBD in almost every form, from traditional orally-ingested oils and capsules to topical creams and balms. If you are new to CBD don’t worry, as the site formulated a quiz to help you decide which product is right for you, asking you about your daily life, what you’re looking to achieve and how you prefer to take your daily dose. If you’re shopping for someone who could use some TLC with CBD, make sure to check out their gifts section as well. There you’ll find even more tinctures, gummies and even a CBD Sample Pack with soft gels and gummies to get a little taste of everything. Martha Stewart cooked up another great idea, and you can bet it tastes amazing, too. Martha Stewart’s line of CBD products combines the hemp plant’s offerings with her impeccable palate for flavors, making for a yummy gummy treat, or an oil if you prefer. Sold on Shop Canopy’s site, for those wanting to sample them all, check out the 15 flavor sampler pack, including delights like Persian lime, black currant and huckleberry to name a few fruity flavors. Each gummy contains 10 milligrams of CBD which takes the guesswork out of dosing and makes the whole experience that much more enjoyable. If you’d rather partake with an oil than a gummy, you’re in luck, as the Martha Stewart CBD Oil Sampler is now on sale, with three tinctures of lemon, blood orange and unflavored oil for just $108 instead of the $135 ticket price. If we’re barking up the wrong tree with human CBD products, Martha also has some special treats for your furry friends, with a whole line of pet-friendly products. For overall wellness, the chicken and blueberry treats come in a small and medium dog size as well as a dose for larger pups. There are also treats for mobility and calming, as well as an oil tincture if your dog will sit and stay to take it (or just drop the chicken-flavored oil in their dish of dog food.) While many of us don’t miss the classroom, we sure could use a little more recess in our adult lives. Recess is a sparkling water and drink mix company on a mission to make that a reality, taking a break in your day to sip on something sweet and infused with broad-spectrum hemp, in addition to adaptogens like American ginseng, lemon balm and L-theanine. For sparkling drink fans, the flavors will tickle your tastebuds. They currently carry blood orange, peach ginger, pomegranate hibiscus, black cherry, coconut lime and blackberry chai, with 10 milligrams of hemp extract per can. For those that can’t decide, the sampler pack is your best bet, coming in a six-pack with one of each, or a 12-pack to share with a friend. Peel, stick and forget. These CBD patches from Fleur Marché make using CBD so much easier topically and targeted to your needs for that moment. The patches come in four different colors and focus areas called “Sleep, Plz.,” “Energy, Plz.,” “Relief, Plz.” and “Sex, Plz.” Starting at just $6 for a patch, they contain 20 milligrams of CBD extract per patch and can be worn for up to 12 hours. Stick them on the veiny part of your inner arm for best results and then go about your day. Sleep, Plz. includes melatonin, Energy, Plz. has B12, Relief, Plz. contains peppermint oil and menthol and Sex, Plz. has a blend of L-Arginine, Maca and Tribulus. For those that can’t decide, stick with the variety pack, which comes with either one or two of each depending on what you choose. Lord Jones is among the royalty of top CBD brands, offering a wide array of products in varying doses to treat every need. To start, the classic supplements can be taken in either pill or liquid form, coming in a CBD gel capsule with 25 milligrams of CBD per pill. For those who prefer liquid drops, there are two more options for you: a 500-milligram bottle of full-spectrum CBD in a peppermint or orange flavor and a 250-milligram tincture of broad-spectrum CBD in a lemon or peppermint flavor. Moving on to the topicals, there are too many to list, including a lip balm with 25mg of hemp-derived CBD per tube, and a high CBD formula bath salts jar, for warm baths of approximately 20 milligrams of CBD per bath or 240 in the whole container. “Lord Jones Tinctures and Gel Capsules have been expertly crafted from simple ingredients. Our hemp-derived CBD oil retains the plant’s original terpenes and phytocannabinoids for broad and full-spectrum formulations. All Lord Jones products are lab-tested to ensure proper purity and potency,” reads the Lord Jones website. Check out the gifts under $50 page, which includes favorites like the lip balm, as well as other gems, like the award-winning lotion and some gummy delights. Scare the scaries away with these CBD products from Sunday Scaries. “Sunday Scaries are the feeling of stress, nervousness, and worry that many people experience on Sunday nights. They are the ping of fear that hits when you realize that the weekend is over and Monday is near — and it sucks!” reads the Sunday Scaries site. The Vegan AF CBD gummies come in a rainbow of gumdrops inside a teal package. There are 20 gummies per pack, with 10 milligrams of CBD per gumdrop. The brand also offers pre-made bundles of joy, combining top-selling products, merch and more into a discounted package. To rep the brand, check out the Everyday Scaries pack and get a bottle of the classic gummies plus a hat with an adorable gummy bear on it. For those who want CBD day and night, the bestselling Sidepiece Bundle is on sale now for just $43, down from $98, and comes with a bottle of gummies for the day and a tincture of CBD oil for nighttime. A brand great for bulk orders, Medterra is the place to go for oils, supplements, topicals and gummies, all made with 99% pure CBD, guaranteed to be THC-free in every batch. “Although hemp cultivation, extraction and manufacturing is relatively new to the US, our team of experts and partners have dedicated their lives to industrial farming methodologies, food-grade compound extraction, vegetable genetics and quality control, just to name a few,” reads their about page. A great idea for those still exploring CBD, check out their gummies, which are easy to take. “Sleep Tight” gummies taste like strawberries and contain 25 milligrams of CBD. “Stay Alert” gummies also contain 25 milligrams of CBD as well as green tea and Ginkgo Biloba. Back to bulk, if you’ve moved past discovery and now want a steady supply of your favorites, Medterra offers both bulk orders and bundles. Check out their 12-pack of chewable CBD gum, with each piece containing 20 milligrams of CBD, in addition to nootropics L-theanine, L-tyrosine and vitamin B6. Or, bundle and save with a combination of two or more products from their lineup. Combine two and save 10%, three to save 15% and combine four or more products and save 20% on your entire order. This company takes CBD out of the medicine cabinet and into the bedroom. “As the first-ever cannabis and hemp brand in the sexual wellness space, it’s our joy and mission to offer effective organic and plant-based formulas for vibrant wellbeing – in and out of the bedroom. Our lines for intimacy, relief, and wellness have been changing lives since 2014,” reads the website. Their offerings span three broader categories listed on their website, titled “intimacy,” “wellness” and “relief,” each with oils, topicals and other treatments with varying amounts of CBD in each. To start, the intimacy collection features a natural lubricant with CBD to be used topically to enhance the comfort and enjoyment of sexual activity and can be applied as needed. They also offer a “Get Wet” Set, a kit to share with a significant other or use on your own, featuring three full-sized bottles of the Awaken Arousal Oil, Intimacy Natural Lubricant with CBD and Intimacy Bath Salts with CBD and cacao. A cult-favorite TikTok beauty brand with over 19.9M profile views, Truly is also on the cutting edge of all things CBD, offering a lineup of bath and beauty products, now sold at Ulta Beauty. Named after a strain of the harder stuff, the Blueberry Kush collection features a body scrub, body lotion, body oil and face oil, all sold at Ulta. The scrub, a bestseller from Truly overall, contains 300 milligrams of CBD, as well as blueberry seed oil to help detoxify skin and draw out impurities. The formula in all of the products is always vegan, as well as cruelty-free and never tested on animals. “Our team of experts has worked and continues to work with physicians, microbiologists and world-renowned chemists to perfect Truly’s chemistry. We believed that by formulating with a clean and vegan base and combining with the most powerful, high performing skincare ingredients, Truly products would yield equal or better results than high-end or natural products,” reads the Truly site. In addition to the Blueberry Kush, another collection — or shall we say strain — is called Pineapple Haze, which includes a CBD Glossy Lip Butter containing 50 milligrams of CBD as well as jojoba and vitamin E. We love the Theragun massage devices already, but did you know the same company makes CBD oils and ingestibles, too? The oils and topicals are what we really want to call out, as they are a perfect compliment to a Theragun Mini or other massage device you have at home. Simply apply the oil or lotion to the area and massage away, letting the machine glide over sore muscles and the CBD seep into your skin. The 24-7 Support CBD Bundle is a great starter kit, coming with a bottle of 100mg Sleep Tincture, a tube of 300mg Activate Lotion and an 835mg stick of Revive Balm to apply to sore muscles. All of the above are also sold separately, as are an array of other products to get you going, like massage oil and even sets that include Theragun devices. Take a walk on the natural side of life and see how you feel. Sagely Naturals is a CBD wellness brand with that mission in mind, creating all of their topicals with non-GMO, sun-grown hemp and other goodies like turmeric, peppermint, lavender and more. The site is designed to help you shop by collection if you need a good place to start, like Relief & Recovery, Rise & Well and Drift & Dream to name a few. Within those categories are shoppable products like skincare options, creams, roll-on oils and more, ranging in CBD concentration and the other natural ingredients listed above. This site is also a hub for CBD knowledge, with a CBD 101 page to help consumers understand the process from beginning to end, along with the medicinal aspect of hemp and answering your most common questions. Is today the day you start adding CBD to your life? It is as easy as drinking water, with Day One. The beverage brand makes sparkling water with 20mg of CBD inside, along with real fruit and no added sweetener. Currently the lineup of flavors includes grapefruit, lemon and lime, which are all refreshing flavors for the upcoming summer. The cans are sold in 12-packs, breaking down to $3 per can when you do the math. For those that love sparking water and need a constant supply, they also offer a subscription model with deliveries every two, four, or eight weeks. This lowers the normal price of $36 per box to $29 and eliminated the fear of running out. To learn more, head to the brand’s About page, where you will also see an endorsement from rapper Kendrick Lamar, an FAQ page and more. If you get joy from trying new products, here is a CBD brand with great reviews. Joy Organics is a CBD company that offers a full range of products, including oils, gummies, topicals and even pet products. Each include Broad and Full Spectrum CBD, now USDA Certified organic, to match the name. Since they offer quite a bit, they have a handy quiz on the site to help you figure out where to start and which products to add to cart. Alternatively, if you know what you want, check out the bestsellers like their line of soft-gels capsules with options for 10mg or 25mg of CBD, as well as other blends with melatonin or curcumin. This Charlotte’s Web tells the story of CBD, with chapters on oils, tinctures, gummies and more. The popular CBD brand is named after a little girl, Charlotte Figi, who passed away after suffering from seizures and other health problems related to Dravet syndrome. She inspired the The Stanley brothers (cannabis farmers from Colorado) and the rest is history. Now, the company has grown and expanded, offering a wide variety of products. Take the quiz to find out what is best for you, or start shopping the bestsellers like topicals, capsules and even CBD for dogs. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.