A Florida family allegedly beat a homosexual man so severely that he was left blinded — because they believed he “turned” their son gay, according to reports. Inna Makarenko, 44, Yevhen Makarenko, 43, and their 21-year-old son Oleh are accused of attacking the 31-year-old victim after allegedly breaking into his Pompano Beach home last summer. They were charged with hate crimes, including attempted first-degree murder, battery during the burglary of a dwelling and kidnapping. The victim told the Broward County Sheriff’s Office that he had been in a relationship with Oleh for nine months, CBS Miami reported. He said Oleh had told him his parents found out he was gay and that “his father was now treating him poorly and not accepting him, and his mother was forcing him to marry a woman,” according to the arrest warrant cited by the outlet. The victim told police that on the night of Aug. 6, 2021, he knew something was strange because Oleh had asked for his address — even though the young man had his own key to the place. When the victim opened the gate for him later, a nervous Oleh appeared with his parents and shouted at him to “Go inside!” They then allegedly chased him inside and attacked him. “Unfortunately, your son is gay,” the victim told Inna during the beatdown, according to the arrest warrant. “One of them grabbed an unknown object, and struck him in the face, [the victim] stated. After falling to the floor, he pretended to be dead so they would believe he was dead and stop beating him,” the document states. The victim initially told police he had been drinking and fell, but about six months later, he said he got his memory back and wanted to press charges in the violent ambush. Meanwhile, Oleh’s fiancée Christina Herman insisted that the suspect is not gay and that he and his parents are innocent. “I don’t believe it at all, I have proof,” Herman told WPLG. “I wear a ring which is an engagement and one kind of marriage ring. I know Alex has his ring in jail. That is proof to me. I know we are in a relationship.” The Makarenko’s attorney, Mike Glasser, has told CBS Miami that “at this point, I remain steadfastly confident they had nothing whatsoever to do with the apparently awful injuries the gentleman sustained.“Thus far, there’s really been scant and borderline nothing remotely compelling that points to this family having anything to do with this poor guys injuries,” he said. The attorney said the family, which runs a design business called MakSky LLC, has lived in the US for six years after emigrating from Ukraine and never had any issues with the law, the station reported.