Soho House members are furious that the club’s iconic rooftop in the Meatpacking District is closed just as the weather heats up. On a recent Friday, well-heeled patrons looking to spend the afternoon sipping Aperol spritzes poolside were in for a rude awakening as they found out the rooftop floor was a construction scene. “Couldn’t they have done this in the winter?” said one annoyed thirty-something woman in a floral dress and jean jacket as she received the bad news in the club’s elevator. “Why couldn’t they have gotten it done during the pandemic like the L train?” her pal chimed in. Others had been told about the closure when they checked in at reception and reluctantly opted to drink in the dark sixth-floor bar instead of outside in the sunshine. “They must be losing tons of money,” said a member who ultimately settled on a couch near the fireplace. Ever since the posh club, which caters to the city’s creatives, opened in 2003, its roof has been a hot al fresco destination. It was so exclusive even “Sex and the City” paid homage to it, with p.r. guru Samantha and her pals unceremoniously getting kicked out after crashing the pool deck. Members who pass muster shell out around $2,500 for annual access to the club, or as much as $4,500 for entry to its global locations. When it’s in full swing, the Meatpacking roof is packed with members (each can bring up to three guests) hobnobbing over glasses of rosé and gazing out at the Hudson River. “I feel like the construction has been happening for so long. May is practically tomorrow, and it’s still going on,” said a 25-year-old hospitality entrepreneur who lives in Brooklyn and declined to give her name. “It’s a little frustrating because everyone is paying a premium for being at Soho House,” she continued. “I am probably not as devastated as some people; for a lot of people, the rooftop is a very important, special place. But I do feel like if I am paying for something, it should be there.” Soho House says the construction, which includes building two new bars and installing non-slip tiles by the pool, has been delayed due to weather and supply logistics. “We’re excited to open a refreshed rooftop experience in May,” said a spokesperson, noting members are also currently being given the option to visit the roof at Brooklyn’s Dumbo House. Azeem Khan, 34, a web consultant who became a member in January, said he’s taking the club up on its offer. “Honestly, I’ve been looking forward to the pool being open because everyone has talked about how amazing it is,” Khan said. “But even if the pool doesn’t open until June, I won’t be mad.” Other members are fleeing to neighboring perches such as the Restoration Hardware’s RH Rooftop Restaurant, Catch, STK and the Gansevoort Hotel. “We are gaining customers,” Sean Largotta, a partner at the Gansevoort, told The Post. The hotel recently spent more than $30 million renovating the hotel, including installing fireplaces and an omakase bar on its roof. So many people wanted to visit last week, the hotel decided to push up its opening time from 4 p.m. to 1 p.m. “That decision was 100% made because of demand — people were at reception begging us to let them up,” Largotta said. “It’s funny. I can look down at the Soho House roof from our roof,” he continued. “I see all the big blue tarps, and the piles of wood, and I am like, ‘I wouldn’t do renovations on my roof in April, but I’m not complaining if they do.’”