An OnlyFans model fatally stabbed her estranged boyfriendduring a domestic incident in Miami Beach Sunday, and video taken after the incident appears to show her dazed and drenched in blood while sitting on the floor in her bra. Influencer Courtney Clenney, 25, called 911 Sunday evening after plunging a blade into Christian Obumseli, 27, her lawyer, Frank Prieto, told The Post. He died after being transported to a local hospital. The video, obtained by TMZ, was apparently taken moments after the incident and shows Clenney handcuffed in a black bra and white pants sitting on the floor and being interviewed by police as two dogs mill around the chaotic scene. Prieto said Friday that Clenney stabbed Obumseli in self-defense after he attacked her and grabbed her by the throat. She has not been named or charged in the incident as officials investigate if the stabbing was justified. “As Courtney struggles with the pain of being a survivor of domestic violence and the aftermath of the events that evening, we ask that the community and Christian’s family allow the police and the State to conduct their independent investigation of the events,” Prieto said. “This is a tragedy for all involved but it was not criminal conduct; Courtney was defending herself and the investigation will reveal exactly that.” Clenney, who has 2 million Instagram followers, told first responders that she was suicidal after the incident and has been placed in a mental instituiton as a precaution, officials said. But Lee Merritt, an attorney tapped by Obumseli’s family, posted on Instagram that cops have more than enough evidence to make an “immediate arrest.” “Our office has been consulted by the victim’s family and we have begun a thorough review of the case,” he wrote Thursday. “From just a cursory review of the evidence there appears to be more than sufficient probable cause to make an immediate arrest for the death of Obumseli. Any further delay by authorities continues to compromise the integrity of the investigation into this matter.” Prieto said the couple had recently broken up and that Clenney was afraid for her safety because Obumseli paid unsolicited visits to the luxury building. Friends close to the couple told Local 10 they’ve allegedly seen Clenney hit Obumseli in the past, and cops said the two have a history of domestic disturbances at the tony high-rise. “We’ve seen her hit him. I’ve never seen him hit her,” Ashley Vaughn told the outlet. “From what we’ve personally experienced between the both of them, we believe that Christian wouldn’t put her in a position where she would need to stab him to protect herself.” However, a neighbor who claims to have a clear view of the couple’s apartment said a week before the stabbing, things were off between the couple and Clenney was being physically abused by Obumseli, the outlet reported. “I could not tell if it was open-handed or closed-handed, but he was swinging at her,” the neighbor said. Obumseli’s friends told CBS Miami they’re shocked by his death. “He was just really high-energy, bright, intelligent, would bring a smile to anyone,” pal Josh Ramsey said. His relatives have set up a GoFundMe page calling his death a “murder” and seeking donations to “cover postmortem transportation of the body, funeral arrangements, attorney fees, litigation, counseling” and other “bills” the family may incur as they “seek justice.” “It is unconscionable to make sense of our new reality. That someone’s selfish act ripped Christian away from this world. It is not enough to say we are shocked and hurting–We are utterly devastated,” the GoFundMe reads, adding Obumseli was killed a week before his 28th birthday. Miami police said the incident is still under investigation.