The race for the American League Cy Young Award seems wide open. While Gerrit Cole is the consensus favorite, the chasing pack is deep and, with the way starting pitchers are handled these days, there’s a good chance we see another dark horse win the award, just like we did last season with Robbie Ray. There are a few pitchers that have garnered some sleeper buzz in the build-up to Opening Day. Dylan Cease, Shane McLanahan, and the returning Justin Verlander have all attracted some betting support, but with the field this wide open, it’s worth taking a shot or two further down the board – and Luis Garcia fits the bill at +6000. Garcia, who finished second in Rookie of the Year voting last season, truly broke into the mainstream when he pitched the Astros into the World Series with a terrific performance against the Red Sox in Game 6 of the ALCS. While that showing was his star-turn, Garcia was fantastic through the season. The 25-year-old Venezuelan posted a 3.48 ERA, 1.18 WHIP, and racked up 167 strikeouts in 155 1/3 innings. That last number is incredibly important to this wager, as it shows that the Astros have no worries about Garcia’s workload and will let the budding ace pitch deep into games. If Garcia is able to stay healthy, he will have plenty of runways to rack up the counting stats needed to get on everyone’s radar. In terms of his stuff, Garcia is able to keep lineups quiet thanks to an overpowering fastball, a swing-and-miss cutter, and a changeup that keeps batters honest. Garcia will need to do a better job inducing groundballs and keeping the ball in the park to really have a shot here, but he’s an improving pitcher and bettors can trust that the Astros will do a solid job of improving Garcia’s peripheral metrics. In a rotation that also features Cy Young candidates Verlander and Lance McCullers, plus a fellow sleeper candidate in Framber Valdez, Garcia may fly a bit under the radar going into the season. That’s good news for bettors looking for a high-upside longshot in this market, as it’s kept Garcia’s odds long enough to be interesting heading into the new season.