Mayor Eric Adams insisted in a new interview that he has expressed “no reluctance” about releasing his tax returns — despite recently replying “no” when asked if he would commit to maintaining the decades-long disclosure practice. During an appearance on “60 Minutes” that aired Sunday, interviewer Anderson Cooper asked, “You recently expressed some reluctance about disclosing your tax returns, why?” Adams — who after a series of questions last week promised to release unspecified “tax information” — replied, “No. There was no reluctance at all.” Cooper probed, “You’re not going to give out your tax returns?” “I’m gonna give out my tax information,” Adams said. The mayor’s latest comments in the self-created controversy come after on April 15 Adams refused to guarantee that he would release his federal and state tax returns. When asked point-blank during an unrelated press conference ahead of Tax Day if he would commit to providing his taxes, he replied, “No, you can’t.” Asked days later if he would release his tax returns, Adams didn’t provide a clear answer. “Ah, I may make up my mind,” he told a reporter at City Hall, making a shrug-like gesture. “I love the idea of showing my taxes.” On Tuesday, Adams partially reversed course, promising to later in the year release unspecified “tax information.” “We’re gonna release the tax information,” Adams said. When pressed if he would commit to releasing his actual tax returns, the mayor responded, “I’m going to release tax information.” A spokesperson said that Adams filed for an extension on his taxes, giving him until Oct. 15 to submit his final paperwork to the federal and state authorities. The next day, Adams scolded reporters for asking questions about the issue. “I spent two days talking about my taxes, this is day three,” an aggrieved Adams said at a press conference. “I already talked about it, I answered all the questions, that’s a wrap.” On the CBS Sunday evening show, Adams noted that he had submitted legally mandated disclosure forms, while repeatedly proclaiming it’s his legal right to decline to release tax returns. “New York has decided: here are the things we want our elected officials to turn over. We have to fill out a conflict of interest form. Here are the list of things. These are the requirements, you’re an elected official. They have come together. This is what we want you to –“ “You’re not required to hand over your tax returns?” Cooper interjected. “No, I’m not!” Adams exclaimed. Cooper then noted that New York City mayors stretching back decades have opted to disclose their tax returns — prompting Adams to indignantly rail against unnamed people who he claimed had created an “atmosphere” that disclosure of tax returns is a legal requirement for those who become the Big Apple’s chief executive. “That’s fine! But when people approach you as though you have violated a requirement — no, [the] Conflict of Interest board stated, ‘If you want to be mayor of the City of New York, here’s what you are required to reveal to the public,’ and every year I comply with that,” he said, referring to the city Conflict of Interest Board’s mandated that some city workers file annual reports disclosing their financial information. “And so, when one says, as I stated, I’m gonna let you know what I’m going to do. People took it as a no, people took it as I avoided,” he went on. “No, this is my right as a citizen to say I’m gonna let you know when I’m going to do it. I turned over my tax returns when I was running for office … and so, there’s no reason for me to do something different, but to take the atmosphere that I’m required — no, I’m not required to do that.” While city elected officials are not required to release their tax filings, every mayor dating back to Ed Koch, who took office in 1978, has provided partial or complete copies of their income tax statements, according to contemporaneous accounts and ethics experts. Records show that Mayor Ed Koch released them at least four times, in 1978, 1979, 1984 and 1988. His successor, David Dinkins, released his, as did Dinkins’ successor, Rudy Giuliani. Former Mayor Michael Bloomberg was criticized during his administration for only providing partial returns. Ex-Mayor Bill de Blasio, who Adams succeeded on Jan. 1, returned to the practice of publicly disclosing the complete filings.