Just because you don’t have a green thumb doesn’t mean you’re relegated to a life of fake plants. If you’ve been hoping to infuse a little life into your space or just want to try and lower your increasingly high grocery bill by growing some of your own herbs, there’s help. The PICO Planter Herb Garden makes taking care of your plants easier than ever, while providing you a sleek aesthetic with their chic pots. And right now you can snag one in white coral, blue stone, or sea green for 18% off at just $39.99. The PICO Planter Herb Garden is the most crowdfunded smart planter in history! Yep, it quickly became the highest ever backed smart planter ever on Kickstarter, thanks to its number of clever features that make plant care a breeze for even the most inept plant parents. Curious how it works? The Pico includes OSRAM LED grow lights that help energize your plant with all the necessary wavelengths. When it comes to watering, all you have to do is top-up the water once a week and you’re good to go: it draws exactly as much water as your plant needs. The Pico can be mounted anywhere — whether you’d like to place it, hang it, or stick it — and a telescopic height adjustment allows for a plant’s accelerated growth spurt up to 9″. Grow your own herbs easily with help from the Pico, and don’t sadly say goodbye to another dead basil plant again. And with your purchase you’re helping the environment, as their partner “One Tree Planted” will plant a tree for every order as part of their mission to plant 100,000 trees. The Pico makes growing plants feasible anywhere, from your office to your light deprived apartment. Entrepreneur called this “the best indoor herb garden kits to adorn your workspace,” and Apartment Therapy noted “these pots let you grow an indoor mini garden, even if you don’t have natural light.” Happy customers are raving about their experience, too. One shared, “My life is so much easier after getting these. My plants have grown exponentially since I got these. They do a lot better job at tending for my plants than I ever did! Best purchase ever.” Get growing with the PICO Planter Herb Garden. Pick from the gorgeous colors white coral, blue stone or sea green and enjoy your own herb garden for just $39.99 for a limited time. Prices subject to change.