Former President Donald Trump blasted Piers Morgan as “very dishonest” while walking out of an interview with the TV presenter and Post columnist after being pressed on his claims that he lost the 2020 presidential election due to voter fraud. The 45th president became increasingly frustrated with Morgan’s questions, at one point calling him a “fool,” according to clips of the sit down. “I think I’m a very honest man … much more honest than you, actually,” Trump said at one point. “Really?” Morgan asked. “Yeah,” Trump responded. Elsewhere, Morgan told Trump the 2020 vote “was a free and fair election. You lost.” “Only a fool would think that,” Trump shot back. “You think I’m a fool?” Morgan retorted. “I do now, yeah,” Trump responded. Trump has alleged almost since Election Night of 2020 that moves to expand mail-in voting due to the COVID-19 pandemic concealed election fraud by Democrats and their surrogates in key swing states like Arizona, Georgia and Pennsylvania. “With respect, you haven’t produced the hard evidence,” Morgan said of Trump’s claims as the former president attempted to interject. “I don’t think you’re real,” the former president said to Morgan, later turning to the production crew and calling his interviewer “very dishonest.” The preview clip ended with Trump getting out of his seat and ordering production to “turn the camera off.” “Very dishonest,” he added while walking away. Describing the experience in a Thursday column for The Post, Morgan revealed he also told the former president that he blamed Trump’s refusal to admit defeat for the deadly Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot. “Then you’re a fool! And you haven’t studied,” Trump responded, according to Morgan. Morgan recounted that Trump called him a fool six more times in the interview, described Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) as “stupid” and his own vice president, Mike Pence, as “foolish and weak.” The host added that Trump initially tried to end the interview by declaring “That’s it!” but remained in his seat to discuss a recent hole-in-one he scored while playing golf. After that discussion, the former president stood up with a “hateful” look and ordered the crew members to turn the cameras off. The heated discussion is set to air on Morgan’s new show “Piers Morgan Uncensored” April 25. The program will air every weeknight on networks across the globe, including Fox Nation, Talk TV in the UK, and Sky News Australia.