“Wheel of Fortune” fans are supporting letter-turner Vanna White following the news of her stepfather’s death. The 65-year-old’s stepdad, Herbert White Jr., died on April 1 at the age of 96. Following the heartbreaking news, fans tweeted out their love and condolences for the long-running game show icon’s loss. Cohost Pat Sajak’s daughter, Maggie Sajak, commented on Instagram, “I am so very sorry for your loss. My whole family is thinking of you.” “Sending my deepest condolences and prayers for you and your family. May your memories keep him close in your hearts,” one person said on Twitter. “What a beautiful photo! The love between you radiates, and I know your dad will be a part of you forever. Sending prayers to you and your family for your loss,” another penned. One added, “So incredibly sorry. And what a great life he lived including a wonderful woman who has become our family via TV. May all those who surround you, your family and his friends comfort each other with their love.” “Deepest condolences on your loss. There’s nothing quite like the loss of a father, no matter what age you are. Prayers of peace and comfort for all who knew and loved him. May his memory be a blessing.” wrote one user. White announced the news of her stepfather’s passing on both Twitter and Instagram last week. She shared a heartwarming photo of the two hugging with a beautiful tribute. “It is with great sadness that I tell you my 96 year old dad passed away peacefully this morning,” she wrote on Friday. She continued, “He lived a full and happy life and will be remembered as one of the kindest and most wonderful human beings of North Myrtle Beach. I love you so much dad. RIP #love #family #greatestdad.” The official “Wheel of Fortune” Twitter account reposted her photo and said, “@TheVannaWhite, we are thinking of you and your family during this difficult time. We love you. – Your Wheel of Fortune family.” The TV personality was raised by Herbert after her mother, Joan, and her biological father, Miguel Angel Rosich, separated when she was just a few months old. White took her stepdad’s surname when she started her TV career and began appearing on “Wheel” in 1982. The warm-hearted fan support moment comes after a recent string of backlash incidents against the trivia series. The show received hate when three players couldn’t figure out the seemingly simple phrase “renting a pedal boat” during a March episode. In a separate show, Sajak, 75 got burned by viewers after he publicly humiliated contestant Scott Ingwersen over a personal story he told on the show.