It’s spring now, which means vacationers will soon find themselves basking in the sun, wearing their favorite bathing suits and — for the beach days pros — enjoying their stocked YETI cooler. There’s really nothing better than feeling the sand between your toes, building sand castles with little ones and splashing through the waves. So don’t ruin those would be memories with an unsightly sunburn. While soaking up the vitamin D, doctors still recommend all-over body and face sunscreen, plus protective gear like hats, UPF swimwear and, to top it off, a UV-blocking umbrella to keep the rays at bay. In an effort to help you dial down the research on your next beach canopy, The Post created an awesome list of the most durable and top-rated options on the market, some of which are made of UPF 50+ material. From Riviera-chic umbrellas to pop-up beach tents, our list is sure to get you covered all summer. The best part? We included a variety of price points so you can snag one of these babies for as low as $37! For a classic pick that won’t break the bank, you can’t go wrong with the ROWHY beach umbrella from Amazon. Get this option in 6.5 or 7.5 feet and a built-in table, if you desire. This Breakwater Bay beach umbrella is sturdy, durable and comes in a variety of colors to fit whatever style you’re working with. If you’re looking for even more coverage (or have little kids) we recommend opting for a beach tent. This one from Amazon has more than 2,000 positive reviews and costs less than $50. The company is currently offering an extra 5% off, too. If you’re looking for something ultra trendy and don’t mind splurging, you can’t go wrong with a Business & Pleasure Co. beach umbrella. Not only is this pick oh-so Instagram-worthy but it will stand the test of time as well! The Costway beach umbrella is ideal for windy environments as it’s supported by a solid aluminum tube and eight strong fiberglass ribs, which is not easy to shake and deform. Plus, the sand anchor at the bottom can help you easily insert the umbrella into sand, so it effectively resists strong sea wind. For a hybrid beach-tent and umbrella, we recommend this Sport-Brella you can buy on Amazon.com. It has nearly 4,000 reviews and a 4.5-star rating. Choose between five different designs with the Blissun beach umbrella that is extremely easy to travel with thanks to the carry bag it comes with. If you like to watch the sunset at the beach and into the night, you’ll get a lot of use out of this light up beach umbrella from Wayfair. Every childhood featured a colorful rainbow beach umbrella at some point, so felt it was only fair we included one in this article. Not only will you never wonder where your beach station is but the price is right, too! We love this light pink and white stripped Business & Pleasure Co. umbrella for the gals out there who appreciate the finer things in life. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.