Artemi Panarin’s teammates are often in awe when they try to put into words what he can do on the ice, and there simply weren’t enough adjectives to describe the Rangers’ star winger after the 6-3 win over the Islanders at UBS Arena on Thursday. With four assists, Panarin broke the Rangers’ record that was previously held by Mark Messier and Wayne Gretzky for assists by a forward in a single season. His 74 dishes is also good for the third-most in franchise history for a season behind Sergei Zubrov and Brian Leetch. “I thought he was outstanding,” head coach Gerard Gallant said of Panarin. “He made those passes and plays. We know what he’s going to do. We talked about playing defense, the easy thing about playing defense, if you’re working hard and you’re coming back in your zone, that’s half the battle for me. He doesn’t play a perfect D-zone coverage, doesn’t backcheck as hard as some guys, because he’s reading plays and that’s what he does. “That’s why he [is on pace to get] 100 points, he makes those special plays. He competes and he played hard. I thought tonight they went after him a little bit and he just bounced off them and kept making his plays. I love the way he plays. When the games are real tight, over the last four games, I look at him and he comes back and he’s doing a good job in the D-zone. He’s not trying to turn over pucks, he’s getting low and he’s trying to make his plays. “For the most part, he’s done that. I think he’s a hell of a player. He doesn’t play the same way as everybody else, but that’s what makes him great.” Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Thursday marked Panarin’s fifth career four-assist performance and second of the season, making him the first Ranger since Gretzky (1996-97) to record multiple four-assist outings in a single campaign. His 20 multi-assist games are also tied for the second-most in the NHL and is another Rangers record. Panarin earned the primary assist on two of Andrew Copp’s three goals in the first period, but also was credited with the secondary assist on the third. After sending a slick backhanded feed for the first one, Panarin then found the Rangers’ trade-deadline acquisition through traffic for the second. “His ability to make plays on his forehand and his backhand and the way he’s able to create time and space for himself when it looks like he’s going to run out of room,” said Ryan Strome, who capitalized on a feed from Panarin in the final seconds of the second period for the 5-1 lead. “It’s pretty impressive. Not necessarily the fastest guy or the biggest guy, but it’s amazing how much space he gets for himself because how good he is with the puck. If you get open, there’s not a guy on the ice he’s not going to find. “He’s just the same old Bread, just works hard every day, just trying to make our team better and obviously tonight was a great effort by him.”