Former President Donald Trump lashed out against Russian President Vladimir Putin for repeatedly using the “nuclear word,” claiming that if he were still president he would try and stop the strongman from ever saying it again. “Putin uses the ‘N-word’. I call it the ‘N-word’. He uses the ‘N-word’, the nuclear word all the time. That’s a no-no, you’re not supposed to do that,” Trump railed during an interview on “Piers Morgan Uncensored” that aired Monday. “He uses it on a daily basis. And everybody’s so afraid, so afraid, so afraid. And as they’re afraid he uses it more and more. That’s why he’s doing the kind of things he’s doing right now.” Asked by Morgan what he would tell Putin if he was still commander in chief, Trump replied: “I would say, we have far more than you do. Far, far more powerful than you. And you can’t use that word ever again. You cannot use the nuclear word ever again. And if you do, we’re gonna have problems.” Trump also said he warned Putin in “very strong language” not to invade Ukraine — and threatened a US response if Russia did. “I told him what our response was going to be. And his response was ‘Really?’. I said, ‘Really,'” Trump recalled. Asked by Morgan whether Trump suggested the US could turn to “nuclear capability” against the Kremlin, Trump clammed up. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he responded. Later in the interview, Trump — who has previously said he’d gotten along with Putin when he was in the White House — agreed with Morgan’s assertion that the Russian president is “now an evil, genocidal monster” following the deadly invasion of Ukraine. “I do, well sure, who wouldn’t?” Trump said when asked if he agreed. “What’s happening is horrible. When you see rockets going into apartment buildings, and there are plenty of people in those buildings, you know, they think they’re, like the people moved out, they didn’t move, they wanted to stay because they think they’re safe in their apartments.” The 45th president served as the first guest on Morgan’s new show. Teased clips showed both men butting heads — and at one point, Trump storming out — as Morgan pressed him on his claims that the 2020 election was rigged. During the sit-down, Trump blamed Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine on the “rigged” election, suggesting that if he were president now, the war wouldn’t be happening.”Isn’t it a shame all those people are dead all because of a rigged election?” he said. Morgan’s new show, “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” launches Monday. The program will air every weeknight on networks across the globe, including Fox Nation, Talk TV in the United Kingdom, and on Sky News Australia in that country. 