Easter is upon us, and one of the best ways to celebrate is for every bunny to down baskets of Cadbury Creme Eggs. The chocolate treat is a springtime holiday staple with its hard, bittersweet cocoa egg-shaped shell and creamy middle. But many people have wondered for years what the gooey center is actually full of. Twitter users have been left bemused and confused over the Cadbury confection’s white and yellow middle. “I have a huge problem weighing on my mind: What is the substance in the middle of a Creme Egg called? What is it? A goo?” someone asked. Others jokingly wondered if it was “toothpaste” or “frosting.” One added, “Ate a Cadbury Crème Egg. Forgot how much I hated the slime on the inside. Reese’s Eggs are superior.” “I have a question. What is the goo made from in a Creme Egg?” another wondered. Someone raunchily quipped, “What’s in the middle of a Cadbury creme egg? I always assumed it was bunny c-m. It’s great whatever it is.” As it turns out, Cadbury Creme Eggs’ white center is actually made of fondant. According to the Cadbury company, it’s comprised of sugar, milk, glucose syrup, cocoa butter, invert sugar syrup, dried whey, vegetable fats and dried egg white. The candy giant also revealed on their site that over 500 million Creme Eggs are made year-round and not just around Easter time. Two-thirds of those delicious chocolate ovals are consumed by just UK citizens alone. About $91 million (£70 million) are spent by the company to mass-produce the sweet treats. And while the delicacy is great to bring up those glucose levels for a high-sugar rush, the nutritional value of these purple foiled gems is not so yummy. There are about 26.5 grams — over 6.5 teaspoons — of total sugar, 6 grams of fat and over 170 calories per egg. People on social media were also astounded at the amount of sugar each egg holds. “Just found out that Cadbury’s Creme Eggs have got loads of sugar in them. Really upset about this, had no idea,” one person whined. “Someone has just told me that the center is actually JUST sugar in which case why call it fondant smh.” Someone else teased, “Why are people always using refined white sugar when you can just crack in a few Cadbury Creme Eggs?” “As a lover of Cadbury creme eggs (and sugar in general) I consider it a great feat of strength that I’ve only eaten one today. #myteethhurt,” a user said.