After all of the crazy variables that have defined — and threatened — their up-and-down season, the final task for the Nets is a simple one. The Nets have the chance to seal the No. 7 play-in position in the Eastern Conference in their regular-season finale after they pulled out a critical 118-107 win Friday night over the Cavaliers at Barclays Center. Kevin Durant led the way with 36 points in 41 minutes to offset a poor shooting night by Kyrie Irving (7-for-22, 18 points) for the Nets, who squandered a 17-point lead before rallying. The Nets can clinch the seventh spot in the East with a win Sunday at home against the eliminated Pacers. “It feels good to be in this position. Hard fought, and we just want … to get prepared for Indiana coming Sunday and have some good results there, get better that day and be ready for [the play-in game on] Tuesday,” Irving said. “It feels good … with all the complications [this season], stuff like that. “It’s the past now. We just control what we can control and get ready to hoop.” The Nets (43-38) have dealt with various roster issues all season, most notably Irving’s absence from the lineup at home games until March 28 due to his decision to remain unvaccinated for COVID-19, as well as injuries to Durant and others. Ben Simmons (back) also hasn’t suited up for the team since his acquisition from the 76ers in the James Harden blockbuster trade at the February deadline. But they have pulled even with the fading Cavaliers, losers of 17 of their past 25, and now Steve Nash’s team controls its own destiny by owning the head-to-head tiebreaker (3-1) between the teams. Finishing seventh or eighth would mean the Nets only would need to win one play-in game to qualify for the first round of the playoffs. The teams in the ninth and 10th positions would need to win twice to secure the No. 8 postseason seed. “That’s what we’re playing for is to try and play at home in the play-in game,” Nash said. “We definitely are aiming to get prepared to play on Sunday and win the game.” All-Star guard Darius Garland scored 31 points for Cleveland and Rookie of the Year candidate Evan Mobley added 17 points after missing the previous five games with an ankle injury. Bruce Brown had a stellar all-around game with 18 points, 10 rebounds, eight assists and four blocked shots, while Andre Drummond also recorded a double-double (15 points and 12 boards) in the Nets’ third straight victory. Durant propelled his squad to a 34-17 lead with 16 points in the first quarter. But the Cavaliers, who have been without All-Star center and former Net Jarrett Allen (finger) since March 6, drew within four points in the second quarter before trailing 62-54 at halftime. Garland netted 11 points to front a 28-11 extended run, resulting in an 88-83 turnaround advantage for Cleveland, entering the final period. Durant sat down to start the fourth but he was back on the court after just 1:28 elapsed. He put the Nets back ahead, 95-93, with a 3-pointer from the right side with 8:50 remaining. Consecutive triples by Durant and Brown pushed the lead to eight just past the midway point of the quarter, with Brown sprinting down the court afterward with both arms raised over his head as the Nets began to pull away. “Game of runs, we made ours early and they hit us in the mouth and I like how we responded,” Durant said. “That’s just been the nature of our season, just getting knocked down and seeing how we responded. I thought tonight was a good example of how we can respond.”