ST. LOUIS — Enough is enough. After five batters (three on his own team) got hit by pitches Tuesday night, Mets right-hander Chris Bassitt implored MLB to step up and fix the problem. “The MLB has a very big problem with the baseballs — they are bad,” Bassitt said after his team’s 3-0 victory over the Cardinals. “Everyone knows it. Every pitcher in the league knows it. MLB doesn’t give a damn about it. They don’t care. We have told them our problems with them, they don’t care.” Bassitt said there is too much inconsistency among the baseballs being used this season, and the problem is exacerbated in different climates. “There is no common ground with the balls,” he said. “There is nothing the same, outing to outing.” Last year, MLB outlawed the use of sticky substances by pitchers because of a fear they detracted from offense. But Mets catcher James McCann suggested there is a middle ground that can be reached. “It’s 2022 and there is enough technology out there to figure out the baseballs,” McCann said. “We want to talk about juiced balls, dead balls, slick balls, sticky balls — I mean it’s 2022, we should have an answer.” McCann said players have been rebuffed by MLB in their attempts to discuss the matter. “It’s happened to us as hitters, but you can talk to our pitchers and they will tell you there is something with the balls,” McCann said. “The umpires are checking them and they can’t use stuff to grip the ball. As far as I’m concerned, put an on-deck circle behind the mound, give them a pine tar rag, the sunscreen and the rosin and let them use that stick. That stuff has proven it’s not going to improve somebody’s arsenal. It’s going to give them grip.” Mets batters have been hit by 18 pitches this season, which leads MLB. Pete Alonso got drilled in the helmet Tuesday, the second time this season he has been plunked above the neck. “It’s one of those things, whether it’s intentional or not it has to stop,” Starling Marte said. “We’re tired of it and we’re going to have to do something about it if it continues to happen because it is uncomfortable every time you go out there to get hit.”