Jada Pinkett Smith is smack-dab at the center of another messy Kodak moment. As a tsunami wave of controversy continues to plague the “Girls Trip” star and husband Will Smith, 53, in the wake of the latter’s career-threatening Oscars 2022 slap, rapper Kodak Black, 24, is weighing in on their marital mayhem with a both a reprimand and a proposal for Pinkett Smith, 50. In doing so, the always controversial Kodak also managed to take a bombshell swipe at the street cred of late hip-hop legend Tupac Shakur, TMZ first reported. “Jada Pinkett, baby you is out of pocket,” Kodak chastised Saturday during a foul-mouthed Instagram Live, which is now going viral on Twitter. “Come f–k with Kodak. That’s what you need to do, because you’re on some bulls–t,” he added. “You don’t deserve Will Smith. You deserve [Kodak], you deserve me.” And although the “Roll In Peace” rhymer failed to identify the nexus of his reproach, the social media scolding coincided with recently resurrected “Red Table Talk” footage of Pinkett Smith admitting that she never wanted to get married to the “King Richard” actor, nor did she enjoy their “horrible” wedding on New Year’s Eve in 1997. “I really didn’t wanna get married,” confessed Pinkett Smith during the newly resurfaced 2018 episode of her Facebook series. “I was under so much pressure, you know, being a young actress, being young, and I was just like pregnant and I just didn’t know what to do… I never wanted to be married.” However, it appears, Kodak — who, in February, announced the impending birth of his third child, a girl, with as many women — wouldn’t mind taking a seemingly unsatisfied Pinkett Smith off of Smith’s hands. “Come f–k with me, that’s what you need to do,” Kodak teased in his IG Live. “Cause that s–t you doing ain’t real, bruh. I’ll give you that real thug life.” Kodak went on to applaud Smith for being a “stand up man” and “gentleman with integrity,” and admonished Pinkett-Smith — who engaged in an “entanglement” affair with singer August Alsina, 29, and has gone public with her enduring affinities for late friend and rapper Tupac Shakur — for committing sacrilege against their holy matrimony. “Long live that boy Tupac, God bless his soul, but Tupac wasn’t all the way gangster his whole life,” Kodak continued of the fallen “Thug Life” lyricist, who was tragically gunned down in September 1996. Pinkett-Smith and Shakur enjoyed a lifelong friendship after meeting as high school students at the Baltimore School for the Arts in Maryland in the mid 1980s. And while the “Matrix” actress has repeatedly insisted that she never shared a sexual relationship with the “Changes” crooner, she has fondly remembered their pure love for one another over the years. However, her memories seem to rub Kodak the wrong way. “Tupac [was in] acting school and dancing, all kind of s- -t.,” said Kodak, suggesting Shakur’s interest in theatre diminished his street credibility. “Stop playing Will Smith like that,” he rebuked. So far, neither Will nor Jada Pinkett Smith have publicly responded to Kodak’s rant.