OnlyFans star Courtney Tailor “brutally and senselessly” stabbed her boyfriend to death in an unprovoked attack, his grieving relatives claim. The 25-year-old blond bombshell, who has millions of followers on social media, killed beau Christian Tobechukwu Obumseli, 27, during a dispute at their high-rise apartment in Miami on April 3, authorities said. Investigators said Obumseli, who was stabbed once in the chest, and Tailor had been “involved in a physical altercation” before the killing. Her camp has said she stabbed Obumseli in self-defense. Tailor, whose real name is Courtney Clenney, has not been charged in the death, although cops and prosecutors have said the investigation is ongoing. But Obumseli’s family is enraged over footage showing Tailor without “an ounce of remorse” Friday at a Miami bar, where a bystander accused her of killing her boyfriend. “It’s been a week since my brother was brutally and senselessly killed,” Jeffrey Obumseli wrote on Instagram. “[Courtney’s] callous actions have not been met with an ounce of remorse. “We’ve see videos of Courtney kissing her dogs while covered in what we believe to be my brother’s blood and casually getting drinks at a hotel bar days later while my brother lays in the morgue.” A video clip obtained by TMZ appeared to show Tailor in a skimpy top and white pants covered in blood as cops speak to her. She was later hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation, the Miami Herald reported. A lawyer for Obumseli’s family, Larry Handfield, told The Post on Monday that Tailor’s version of events was “inconsistent” and not credible enough to back up her claims of self-defense. “We want her to be arrested,” he said. “The family is just devastated.” Jeffrey Obumseli insists that Tailor, a model originally from Michigan, is getting preferential treatment by investigators. “The bottom line is inextricably clear: Courtney is being treated differently because of her privilege as a wealthy white woman,” Obumseli wrote. “Within 24 hours following Toby’s death, the detective on the case prematurely concluded this was not a crime of violence. But the information provided is deficient, and the lack of transparency strongly suggests foul play is involved.” The pair had been dating for less than two years. Tailor’s lawyer claims she was a victim of domestic violence, the Herald reported. “This is a tragedy for all involved, but it was not criminal conduct,” the lawyer, Frank Prieto, told the newspaper. “Courtney was defending herself, and the investigation will reveal exactly that.” Obumseli’s mother declined to speak when reached for comment by The Post on Monday, saying she was too distraught to talk. But the dead man’s brother vowed Sunday to get answers in the stabbing days after relatives met with prosecutors Friday. “She has no injuries to support her story of imminent danger,” Jeffrey Obumseli’s statement continued. “We have every reason to believe that his death was the result of unwarranted and unprovoked violence. We want to see that justice is served.” Tailor claimed she stabbed Obsumseli after he attacked her, pushing her to the floor and grabbing her neck, law enforcement sources told the Herald. After prosecutors from the Miami-Dade State Attorney’s Office met with Obumseli’s family Friday, the dead man’s cousin, Karen Egbuna, told reporters, “We have no reason to believe this is self-defense. “The idea that this is somehow warranted is unthinkable,” the relative said, according to NBC Miami. The DA’s office said in a statement Friday, “When the investigation is completed, the State Attorney Office will review the police department’s evidentiary presentation and take appropriate legal action in accordance with the law.”