A British man who was captured fighting for Ukraine in the besieged city of Mariupol appeared bloodied and beaten as he was paraded on Russian state TV Thursday. Aiden Aslin, 27, was first seen in handcuffs in a photo published by a pro-Kremlin Twitter account that referred to him as an “English mercenary who fought on the side of the Nazis in Mariupol,” according to The Telegraph. The Nottinghamshire man — the first UK’s first known prisoner of the war — was later called “odious” as he was confronted on Russian state TV and asked if he was responsible for any killings. “I don’t know,” he answered nervously in English. “I did not do any fighting.” A Twitter account under Aslin’s nickname, Cossack Gundî, also shared an image, noting the marine’s bloodied forehead and injured eye. “Just got this, it looks as if they have gotten ahold of Aiden. F–king pukes have worked him over too by the looks of it,” the site said of the image, which showed the former care worker’s distinctive tattoos, including one with crosshairs reading “Happy days.” “We’re going to keep in the public eye every day until he’s exchanged” in a prisoner swap, the account vowed. One of Aslin’s friends confirmed to the Telegraph that it was the UK national, who joined Ukraine’s marines in 2018 after moving there to be with his fiancee. As a signed-up member, he is not a mercenary. Before his surrender Tuesday, he sent one last message to his Twitter account. “It’s been 48 days, we tried our best to defend Mariupol but we have no choice but to surrender to Russian forces. We have no food and no ammunition,” he said, according to the page. “It’s been a pleasure everyone … I hope this war ends soon.” The Kremlin later claimed that 1,026 marines — including 162 officers — had waved the white flag “as a result of successful offensives by Russian armed forces and Donetsk People’s Republic militia units,” referring to the pro-Russia rebel Ukrainian forces. Before the photo emerged Wednesday, a Tennessee-based US serviceman who fought alongside Aslin in Syria in 2015 admitted that he feared the worst. “I’m worried that he’s going to get tortured, I’m worried that he’s going to get murdered … that they will twist this as him being a foreign mercenary or part of a paramilitary organization,” Brennan Phillips, 36, told the Times of London. “Any excuse they can use to abuse him. That is what I’m most worried about. “We’re not dealing with people who abide by international norms — civilians are fair game, hospitals are fair game … the systematic raping of women,” said Phillips, who had been in regular contact with his British friend during the war. He stressed that it was not just the Russians who posed a threat of war crimes — “the Chechens are even worse,” he told the UK paper.