Is pee the fountain of youth? A 34-year-old vegan in England swears the byproduct of “relieving” himself relieves more than just his bladder. Harry Matadeen has claimed he drinks his own urine daily, saying that the stomach-churning practice has “cured” him of his depression and made him look 10 years younger. Matadeen said he used to suffer from depression and severe social anxiety, which he claimed was cured almost immediately after beginning urine therapy during the summer of 2016 in an “open-minded” and “desperate” attempt “to heal.” “It was beyond my wildest imaginations how powerful it was when I drank it,” he told Jam Press. “From the moment I drank the urine, it woke up my brain and removed my depression. I felt a new sense of peace, calm and determination,” he said. “I thought, ‘Wow, I can make it for free and always keep myself in this happy state.’ ” Matadeen reportedly guzzles 200 milliliters (about 6.7 fluid ounces) of his own liquid waste every day. His daily drink often consists of month-old urine topped off with a splash of fresh pee. The holistic health nut swears pee is “super clean” and has even self-published several books on urine therapy, including “Aged Urine- Discovery of the Century” and “Aged Urine: Re-Discovery of the Century.” “Fresh urine is never as bad as you imagine – it is neutral-smelling and not a bad taste unless you are really toxic,” Matadeen insisted. “But the aged urine is always smelly and the taste is a refined and acquired one. I’ll just say it takes some getting used to! “I actually like the smell and taste of my aged urine now, due to neuro-association of what benefits and joy it gives me after I take it into my system,” he added. But he doesn’t just care about his insides, it seems: Matadeen said he also cups his piddle in his hands and massages it into his face as a moisturizer. “Urine has made me look a lot younger. Drinking the aged urine has revitalized my face to its youthful years and when I rub it on my face, the difference is instant and obvious,” he claimed. “My skin is young, soft and glowing. Aged urine is the best food for the skin that I have found to date. When you rub it on, it softens the skin and keeps it youthful and elastic. I don’t use any other skincare other than urine.” The bearded Brit called his process “the secret to eternal youth” and swore he often gets mistaken for someone in their 20s. “Sometimes when I’m in the urinals and no one is watching I will cup my hand and splash the fresh urine I am excreting on my face and rub it in,” he shockingly added. “Urine therapy has changed my life.” Not all of the effects of urine therapy have been positive, though. Matadeen said his family has “never approved” of his “disgusting” habit, which he alleged was one reason why his sister has ceased communicating with him. But he does apparently have people close to him whom he can count on for support.  “I’ve chosen all of my friends now and all of them either do aged fresh urine therapy or approve of it,” he claimed. “If they didn’t I wouldn’t have them as friends – simple as that.” Matadeen, perhaps unsurprisingly, isn’t the only person who swears by pee therapy. A 55-year-old former Versace model last year claimed it helped to maintain his chiseled looks, while a pro golfer recently said that the practice was part of his own disease-fighting health regimen. And in 2020 a German man livestreamed about his daily devotion to the, um, stream. Meanwhile, Matadeen’s family members aren’t the only ones who disapprove of the urine-drinking habit. “There are no known reported health benefits from either drinking or rubbing your own urine onto your body (or anyone else’s urine),” UK doctor Jeff Foster said. “Orally, it is much worse – it can actually speed up the dehydration process and potentially introduce bacteria.” He further explained that urine is a “waste product” comprised of “about 90% water,” as well as “ammonia and salts, some bacteria and other waste products. “Bottom line is if you would not eat or rub in your own feces, then don’t think applying the same principle with urine is any healthier,” he said. “Waste products are waste for a reason.”