One episode in and Kim’s already crying. In the new series “The Kardashians,” premiering April 14, America’s thirst family is back on air, but this time they’re on a new platform — Hulu instead of E! — and the reality feels more raw and less stilted than it did on the 20 seasons of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians.” The first two episodes find Kim dealing with someone online threatening to release previously unseen footage from her Ray J sex tape. “I have all the time, all the money and all the resources to burn them all to the f–king ground,” a teary Kim says of the home video that haunts her 20 years later. “It’s embarrassing for that to be out there but it’s not the most scandalous thing and I’m not going to be made to feel that way.” While “KUWTK” often portrayed the Kardashian-Jenner clan lounging about, luxuriating in their wealth and crying over rich people problems — who could forget the tragedy of the earring lost at sea in Season 6 — they are kinda sorta relatable in the new show, which is shot in more of a documentary style. Instead of fussing over Hollywood gossip, they are dealing with law school and running businesses. Kim, who was studying for the bar exam at the time of filming, says her main priorities are school, her clothing brand Skims and her four kids. Of course, there are also lots of lovers and exes to contend with — including some guy named Kanye, along with Travis Barker, and Khloé’s baby daddy, Tristan Thompson of the Chicago Bulls. “I know if Tristan had his way, then we would completely be together,” Khloé says in a confessional. “He goes to therapy quite often… and we now even do couples therapy together.” Such confessionals differ in tone from those on “KUWTK,” which tended to be less personally revealing and more focused on cattily talking about other family members. The first two episodes, which were made available for screening, are set in October as Kim is gearing up to host “Saturday Night Live.” She’s yet to meet and start dating Pete Davidson. But, in a Variety interview, Kim promised that Davidson would come into play in later episodes, with the revelation of details like “how we met and who reached out to who.” Kanye, meanwhile, is mentioned in the early episodes but does not appear. The family is seemingly making more of an effort to save some drama for the show this time around and not put everything out on social media. “We used to share so much in real time, and once we realized that real time can get a little bit scary and tricky, we have saved so much more,” Kim told Variety. Kim does, however, dish about what turns her on: organizing. “That kind of stuff makes me horny — to clean out my f–king playroom,” she says in the first episode. Kourtney, meanwhile is more horny for drummer Travis Barker than tidying. Like many a red carpet of late, it’s a tonsil hockey venue for the just-married duo. Khloé is single in the early episodes and opens up about her struggles with anxiety from being in the public eye. “What the f–k are we doing again,” she says about the show at a family barbecue that kicks off the season. The answer is anyone’s guess. Perhaps all will be revealed in subsequent episodes.