New York Post readers can get their hands on a load of great betting offers and promotions ahead of the NBA play-in tournament. Check out how to claim, and get involved in the action as the Nets take on the Cavaliers tonight. The Cavaliers were having such a remarkable and surprisingly good season until the injury to All-Star center Jarrett Allen derailed things. Paired with the absence of likely Rookie of the Year Evan Mobley for several games, Cleveland slipped out of the playoffs and head into the play-in tournament losers of eight out of their last 11 games. Brooklyn Nets are trending in the opposite direction, closing the season with four straight wins by an average of 11 points. And while three of those games were against teams not in the postseason, the fourth was an 11-point win against these Cavs. The Nets are buzzing. In the West, the LA Clippers and Minnesota Timberwolves will meet in a series that could prove to be a change from how things went in the regular season between them. The Clippers dominated the regular-season series against the Timberwolves 3-1, outscoring them in two victories by 20 points or more. After stumbling to a 16-20 season start, the young, brash Minnesota Timberwolves ran off a record of 30-16 to end the regular season brimming with confidence and enter the game as favorites. Three postseason teams have bottom 10 defensive ratings this season and two of them play each other. The Hornets and Hawks don’t stop anybody, they simply look to outscore their opponents, and right now the Hawks are doing that better. Atlanta closed the regular season with just two losses in its last nine games, with the NBA’s second-highest scoring average of 123 points and the third-best average margin of 9.6 points. Trae Young is averaging over 30 points and 11 assists in those games. The Hornets have also been solid recently, winning 11 of their last 15 games to close a season over .500 for the first time since 2016. But all four of those losses were in the last 10 games where the margins have been a lot closer. The Spurs have lost three straight and the Pelicans have lost two in a row and three of their last five. It’s hard to find much difference between these teams, which should make for an intense battle with a close finish. The Spurs are 10-1 against the spread in their last 11 games, including 7-0 as underdogs and 5-0 as road dogs. Both teams prefer to score inside the arc, but the Spurs have been taking and making about two to three more three-pointers than New Orleans over the last 15 games. And while the Pelicans lead the league in free throws in that span, the Spurs aren’t far behind them and can also hold their own on the glass, where the Pelicans usually have a big advantage.  Winners earn 7th seeds and advance to NBA playoffs A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first NBA wager, up to a value of $1,100. All you have to do is follow the link above, and use the promo code NPBONUSCZR in order to claim. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. By using the WynnBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get $200 in free bets. Fancy the Nets getting off to a perfect start? Or will the Hawks miss out on a chance to get back to the ‘ship? Wager $10 on the NBA at odds of -120 or greater, and you’ll receive $200 in free bets!  By using the PointsBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get up to $2000 in risk-free bets. These come in the form of two different bets, with one risk-free $500 fixed-odds bet, the regular way of betting. The other is a risk-free bet up to $1500 on PointsBetting bets. For those unfamiliar with PointsBetting, it’s a brand-new way to bet that was first introduced by PointsBet themselves. Plain and simple, using the BetRivers Sportsbook promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get a first deposit match up to $250. BetRivers sign-up offer is one of the easiest to claim, and with a healthy amount of free bets to play with, this gives new customers the best start to the NBA playoffs.