This 19th-century Brooklyn Heights townhouse played a starring role in “Moonstruck,” the classic 1987 film featuring mismatched lovebirds Cher and Nicolas Cage. After initially hitting the market for $12.85 million in February 2021, the charming property at 19 Cranberry St. has entered contract. Its last asking price was $11 million. The neighborhood has soared in price since the film’s release. The current sellers — Jane Gorrell and James Lansill — modernized the four-story, 26-foot-wide Federal-style brownstone, which they had bought for $3.85 million in 2007. That price was more than “100 times” what the sellers, Edwards and Francesca Rullman, told the New York Times they had paid when they bought it nearly 50 years earlier, in 1961. Edwards Rullman, a former chairman of the Brooklyn Heights Association’s Design Advisory Council, also led the charge to designate Brooklyn Heights as New York’s first historic district. Built in 1829, the five-bedroom home spans 5,568 square feet. Design details include a mansard roof, a brownstone stoop, restored ironwork, high ceilings plus exposed beams, pocket doors, moldings and marble fireplace mantels. Outside, there’s a garden and gated wood-burning oven. The buyers, we hear, are local New Yorkers. Listing brokers Karen and Kyle Talbott of Corcoran declined to comment. ‣ Speaking of actors, some of Broadway’s biggest stars — including Tony winners Celia Keenan-Bolger, Adrienne Warren, and Stephanie J. Block — stopped by the Towers of the Waldorf Astoria this week to celebrate photographer Jenny Anderson’s photo exhibition of behind-the-scenes Broadway moments. The Towers was famously home to another Tony winner, Cole Porter, who wrote some of his most famous songs, like “Night and Day,” “You’re the Top,” and “Anything Goes,” while living in a palatial suite on the 33rd floor of the Waldorf for nearly three decades. The Waldorf also gifted him a 1907 Steinway. ‣ And finally, Liubasha Rose, of Rose Ink Workshop, designed the interiors for the new Wall Street Hotel at 88 Wall St. — including the lobby lounge, which features a hand-painted New York City skyline mural and a fireplace reclaimed from a suite at the Waldorf Astoria. The hotel, which opens in June, has 180 guest rooms, a ballroom and restaurant with a terrace overlooking the Hudson.