After being told to stay at home for what felt like a decade long pandemic, we’re all finally getting ready for the next adventure. And with spring upon us, there is no time like now to book those last minute and future travel plans. We’ve rounded up the best gadgets and gear to help you ease back into it so you can really kick back and enjoy the journey. For those in need of some extra beauty TLC, Slip’s Peony Contour Sleep Mask will make restful sleep at 10,000 feet. (Available on Amazon) When your devices run out of juice and outlets are scarce then you need the TRIO wireless charging pad which can accommodate multiple devices at once. (Available on Amazon). Ever met a sneaker that has all the best qualities of a slipper? You will never want to travel without Toms’ Resident, a men’s hybrid shoe that is made with plant-derived and recycled materials — support a good cause while making the TSA line a breeze. (Available on Amazon). No matter how accident-ready you think you might be, nothing will save you more than the Excursion Kit by Welly. The bright blue tin holds an array of first-aid essentials from Hydrocortisone Packets to butterfly bandages in tricked-out patterns. You should never leave home without it. (Available on Amazon). This snuggly Infinity Pillow may become your best traveling companion. Its versatile nature provides neck and lumbar support while softly blocking out noisy passengers. (Available on Amazon) Packing Cube Set: Keep all your travel wear nicely tucked away and wrinkle-free in Baggu’s psychedelic checkered packing cubes. The set includes two pouches made of machine washable recycled ripstop nylon. (Available from Baggu). Rest assured your favorite beauty buys will never again be painfully discarded when they travel in these TSA-approved carry-on aluminum bottles by S’well which come in a compact zipper bag made of recycled plastic. (Available from S’well). Keep all your personal items safe and secure with this customized “So Fly” adjustable belt by Cincha. With each purchase the brand will help migrant families through the nonprofit, Miles 4 Migrants. (Available from Cincha).