Health and weight loss influencer Lexi Reed — who famously lost 300 pounds naturally — has gone back to the hospital after previously pulling through a coma and surviving kidney failure. The 31-year-old has admitted herself after suffering from leg and stomach pain. She lamented her health struggles on her Instagram Stories earlier this week and revealed to her followers that she was back in a hospital bed. “Not how I wanted to spend my Monday ,” Reed shared alongside a photo of her hospital’s ER entrance. “Been in pain the last two weeks with my legs and stomach & it’s not getting better so here we are .” A little while later, the fitness guru shared another update with her husband Danny Reed next to her. “Unfortunately, here we go again,” she said. “Gonna get some answers. Basically I’m having really hard knots in my stomach that have been getting worse. My legs are really heavy and they hurt really bad. And I’ve had a temperature of over 101 since Thursday that we’ve been trying to keep down with acetaminophen [Tylenol].” Reed noted that she had trouble walking on her own and her leg woes have “just got worse” in the last two weeks. The Indiana native first took a trip to the Emergency Room in January after several days of not being able to keep food in her system. Her organs began to fail and she was placed on a ventilator and put in a medically-induced coma. She stayed at her medical center for almost a month and was able to finally return home. However, she needed kidney dialysis three times a week. At the time of her release, Reed asked fans to donate to her GoFundMe page to help cover her medical bills. Her goal was $200,000. She wrote alongside the link on social media, “Love is all I can feel right now and I can’t help but want to cry.” “Between four family members helping me to even get in the car and into the house with stairs, lifting me and my chair, family bringing over medical supplies and visiting since they couldn’t at the hospital and everyone here. I am blessed,” Reed wrote at the time. On March 21, Reed excitedly revealed that she was off dialysis and was notified by her doctors that her kidneys were improving. But by the next month, she wound up back in the hospital for the other physical pains that ail her. “We’re just ready for some answers,” she added in her Instagram Stories. She continued, “Ready for all this to be over. Ready to be healthy and in the gym … I just haven’t said a lot in the last two weeks because I was hoping I would get better and here we are. So, positive prayers, thank you.” “So ready to just feel like myself again,” Reed continued. “It’s been just one thing after another but I’m still trying to smile.”