When Whitney Houston famously sang “I Have Nothing,” she must have forgotten about this expansive ranch. The legend’s longtime home in New Jersey has hit the market for the first time in more than a decade for $1.6 million. Houston purchased the Mendham manse in 1993 for only $537,000 ($1.06 million today) — a year after marrying Bobby Brown and giving birth to their only child, the late Bobbi Kristina Brown. The late soul singer used this home as her guest house for 17 years, until 2010, when she sold it to the current owners for $940,000. Set on 5 rolling acres, the ranch-style property also has a personalized built-in recording studio that Houston often utilized. According to the owners, the studio has been fairly untouched since and has been used as a “sound-proof home office,” with tributes to the star that remain hanging on the walls. “The former recording studio is currently a media room, gym area, office and kitchenette but could have a multitude of uses as the soundproof glass walls provide unique possibilities,” the listing says. Meanwhile, there have been several renovations made, including converting the previous indoor pool to a three-season pavilion. Located in the Oak Knoll community, the listing describes the home as “hard to find, complete one-floor living.” Features include a gourmet eat-in kitchen that leads to the formal dining and living spaces. The primary bedroom was last renovated in 2016, and comes with a dressing room and bathroom located off a private side hallway. The great room opens to the backyard, which features a hot tub and a tennis court. “It’s such a unique opportunity not just to be part of a piece of history, but also to own a special home,” Liane Dobson, who holds the listing with Kienlen Lattmann Sotheby’s International Realty, told The Post. Houston passed away at age 48 on February 11, 2012, when she was discovered unconscious in Suite 434 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, submerged in the bathtub. The Los Angeles County Coroner’s Office reported that Houston’s death was accidental and caused by drowning and the “effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use.”