The new musical “Paradise Square” whisks us back in time — not so much to the Civil War-era Five Points neighborhood in Manhattan where the show is set, but to 1998. That’s the regrettable peak of when Broadway was being bombarded by loud, excessive, emotionally manipulative shows that almost always failed, while smaller, better fare like “Rent” and “Chicago” triumphed and changed the form. “Paradise Square,” which opened Sunday on Broadway, is a throwback to that gluttonous decade of stage sledgehammers such as “Ragtime” and everything Frank Wildhorn ever touched. It puts some 40 cast members in a dense historical sob-fest that wallops the audience with self-importance when it’s not lulling them into submission with more than 20 sad, derivative songs broken up by pointless dances. The bombastic musical’s central thesis — at the unwieldy middle of about 1,000 other high-minded ideas — is summarized in this quote from the sublime actress Joaquina Kalukango, who plays black bar owner Nelly O’Brien: “A group of Americans lived in the future — a future that has not yet been realized.” She’s referring to the diversity of the slum called the Five Points, which encompassed part of modern day Chinatown. The area was packed with Irish and black residents (there were also a lot of Chinese, Italian and German denizens, but “Paradise Square” don’t care!). The show tells us that we’re witnessing a “Star Trek”-like utopia of racial harmony. Nelly sings, too earnestly, “I’m trying to build an Eden with strong whiskey and a broom.” However, we don’t get to experience many good vibes outside of knowing Nelly is married to Willie (Matt Bogart), a white guy, and Willie’s sister Annie (Chilina Kennedy) is married to Samuel (Nathaniel Stampley), a black reverend. Other than that, there are spats about the cultural appropriation of black music by whites, and arguments about how nobody can understand each other’s traumatic life experiences. Simmering racial tensions are ignited by the Civil War draft, leading to the Draft Riots of 1863. Sounds like Heaven on Earth. The culture divide is also apparent in Moisés Kaufman’s efficient and mechanical staging. During the many, many dance numbers, there tends to be a group of black dancers on one side and a group of white dancers on the other, like the Sharks and Jets in “The Dance at the Gym” in “West Side Story.” This supposed oasis of social harmony (which, by the way, was also crime infested and beset by poor living conditions) doesn’t look all that enviable as envisioned here. And “Paradise Square” fails to earn its caked-on self-righteousness. Most of the musical takes place in Nelly’s Paradise Square Saloon (every Broadway show these days looks like it’s set in a dank old pub), a Civil War “Cheers” with much bigger problems than a Red Sox loss. At the start we’re introduced to a phone book of characters — besides Nelly and Co., there’s Owen (A.J. Shively), an Irish immigrant who loves to sing and dance; Washington (Sidney DuPont), an escaped slave; his girlfriend Angelina Baker (Gabrielle McClinton); Milton Moore (Jacob Fishel), a pianist with a secret; an evil politician named Frederic Tiggens (John Dossett)  and plenty more. None of them are allowed the opportunity to develop, and the musical is content with them remaining principles rather than fleshed-out people. The entire cast boasts exceptional voices and moves with a fire in their step. I wish, however, that the talented Kennedy’s role gave her more to do than braying like Aunt Eller from “Oklahoma!” Act One is, for the most part, clearly told exposition. Then in the messy second half, after the draft is instituted and Nelly’s bar is going to be taken away from her, she decides to throw a dance-off with a $300 reward so Irish Owen can buy his way out of the war and she can scrounge up enough cash to stay afloat. The score by Jason Howland (lyrics by Nathan Tysen and Masi Asare) is a mix of bland musical theater, easy listening, traditional Irish sounds and the songs of Stephen Foster (“Camptown Races,” “Oh! Susanna,” etc.). There is one sensational ballad called “Let It Burn” that Kalukango powerfully belts in the second act, soaked in tears. I’d happily pay $10 to watch that one performance and leave. And, while there is an overabundance of dance by Bill T. Jones, and the disparate styles (Irish, African, interpretive) don’t quite gel, they have terrific energy. The production numbers would knock us over if there weren’t so damn many. In the 1998 musical “Ragtime,” which, like “Paradise Square,” was produced by Canadian ex-convict Garth Drabinsky — the Grand Poobah of these slogs — a character sings, “We will never go back to before!” “Paradise Square” should have listened.