A crazed gunman allegedly shot three adults and a girl in a leafy section of Washington, DC, on Friday afternoon before taking his own life hours later as police closed in on the apartment where he was suspected of carrying out the attack, authorities said. The suspect allegedly erected a “sniper-type setup” inside his fifth floor apartment and fired indiscriminately at passers-by at about 3:20 p.m. on Van Ness Street near Connecticut Avenue in the Northwest section of the city, police said. Two women, a man and a 12-year-old girl were injured by the gunfire and hospitalized in stable condition. One woman was in her 30s and the other – who was grazed in the back – was in her 60s, police said. The girl was shot in her arm and a 54-year-old male retired police officer was also struck, according to authorities. Authorities did not identify the suspect and would not confirm if he was Raymond Spencer, 23, who had earlier been named a person of interest in the shooting that took place near a prep school and a number of colleges. Before the suspect was found dead, police had urged residents in the upscale neighborhood to shelter in place. Police recovered six firearms and multiple rounds of ammunition in the suspect’s Van Ness Street lair. It appeared that the weapons were legally purchased, police said. The suspect also appeared to have live-streamed the shooting on social media, police said, but added that the footage had yet to be “authenticated.” Metropolitan Police Department Chief Robert Contee said it appeared the victims were randomly targeted while “going about their business … on the streets of the District of Columbia.” “This was very much a sniper-type setup with a tripod and this person obviously his intent was to kill and hurt members of this community,” Contee told reporters. “I just think it speaks to the depravity of some of the individuals that we deal with out here. Someone who would do something like this, I really don’t have a lot of words for it,” Contee said. The shooting scene is near several schools and “Embassy Row” in the nation’s capital. Edmund Burke, a prep school that serves students in grades six through 12, Howard University Law School and the University of the District of Columbia are all located within blocks of the shooting. Bibi Stewart was picking up her 12-year-old twins from Edmund Burke when she heard shots coming from above and at a distance. “They did it right at dismissal,” the Maryland woman said. Stewart observed glass shattering in a bridge connecting different parts of the school and saw tires of cars waiting outside the school shot out. “They’re just saying they’re okay,” she said of her kids, who were ordered to shelter in place at the school. Eduardo Bugay, a student at the University of the District of Columbia, said the shooter opened fire from his apartment building, five floors above his home. “At first I was confused,” he said, adding he became fearful when he realized he was hearing gunfire. Bugay got a message from the school urging him to stay locked down, he said. About 30 to 40 minutes later, police knocked on his door to escort him and his neighbors out of the building. With AP wires