New York’s congressional and state Senate primary elections will be pushed back nearly two months to Aug. 23, after the state’s highest court struck down the new district maps drawn by Democrats and approved by Gov. Kathy Hochul as unconstitutional. State Supreme Court Judge Patrick McAllister delayed the primaries from its original June 28 date, according to a decision released Friday. He also ordered that the court-appointed special master, Jonathan Cervas, must create and publicly release new “impartial redistricting maps” for the US House of Representatives and state Senate by a May 20 deadline. The Empire State is now on track to host two separate primaries, as the state’s gubernatorial and state Assembly primary elections are still scheduled for the June date. If they aren’t consolidated, taxpayers could be on the hook for millions. The legislature could vote on a bill combining the elections, which Gov. Kathy Hochul would have to sign into law. When asked whether she would support moving all primary elections to August, Hochul remained noncommittal. “There is an election that will occur at the end of June. That is established. That is what has been certified. That is the plan right now,” she told reporters during an Albany-based event Friday. The Court of Appeals struck down the new district lines on Wednesday, agreeing with Republicans who argued the officials illegally gerrymandered the congressional lines to benefit Democrats. The court also found the Democrats acted with partisan intent and violated a constitutional amendment that tasked an Independent Redistricting Commission with drawing nonpartisan maps. “This entire situation is because the state Democrats decided to violate the constitution and enact an illegal redistricting. This can be laid all at their feet and be laid to blame but the courts saved us from an illegal, Democratic gerrymander,” said John Faso, a former Republican Congressman from the Hudson Valley involved in the lawsuit. State Senate Democrats have argued they did not gerrymander the congressional maps. McAllister also granted Democrats permission to submit their new congressional maps by April 30 – after they already missed a court-ordered deadline amid expectations that the judge’s decision would favor their lines. He also moved up the date to May 4 for the new state Senate maps to be submitted.