While some may view the rainy, dreary weather as inconvenient, we name it the perfect excuse to whip out our rain boots, pair them with a stylish rain jacket and head out the door. Much like your go-to denim jackets and lightweight spring jackets hanging in your closet, a warm, easy-breezy rain jacket is a tried-and-true staple for transitional weather (after all, while we love our winter coats and ski jackets, they can sometimes be bulky). Paired with your favorite pair of jeans, this outerwear staple is calling your name from many different retailers, including Amazon, Macy’s, Nordstrom and a bounty of others. We’re all about spring fashion these days and, though we provide plenty of shopping tips and expert-backed recommendations, a rain jacket is one of those classic buys we think everyone should own. Ahead, find our top selects for 2022. Note that many of these options come in a variety of colors and size options for you to choose from, too. We’re all about the packable puffed coat that’s versatile enough for transitional seasons, yet warm for breezier weather. This Columbia rain jacket is available at Amazon and comes in a few neutral colors — clad with flattering cinched waistline and zipper detailing. When trekking outside in the rain, why not sport this dainty powder blue? Adding the traditional touch is ZhenWei’s Lightweight Hooded Waterproof Rain Jacket, a less-than-$50 option we can’t help but love (and wish for rain, TBH). If you want more of a cropped fit that’s easy to take on and off, consider this olive hue from Avoogue. For $30, it’s a definite steal, and the breathable yet protective nature of this outwear piece is unmatched. Dusty mauve is a color that will never go out of style (and, a color that matches with nearly everything). Pick up Cole Haan’s treasured Hooded Anorak Rain Coat, a simplistic option with lovely gold hardware. For less than $100, it’s worth keeping in your closet for rainy weather and cooler temps. Perhaps one of our favorite rain jackets all-around is Levi’s Hooded Anorak Raincoat. Not only is it on sale right now but its a timeless fit that’s cute, casual and protective. Plus, the button and cinched detailing is too cute to pass up. For more of a splurge that’s outrageously warm (yet lightweight), add Noize’s Mid-Length Water-Repellent Raincoat to your shopping cart. We’re swooning over this sage color that’s bound to match any outfit of yours, though it comes in cream and black, too. Ah, The North Face. The brand isn’t just known for its sworn-in favorite winter coats. Its rain jacket is full-bodied, comfortable and comes with oversize pockets for you to stash your phone and wallet into for dry protection. Not to mention, it makes a great gift (ahem, perhaps for Mother’s Day)? There’s no other name than lululemon for athletic-leaning basics (and yes, a rain coat can be more of an athleisture fit if you want it to be). This decadant peach color is bound to garner many compliments, with a minimalistic, head-to-waist zip. If you love all things spring, perhaps this whimsical gingham jacket is one you adore. It’s one we love, especially for the price, and is unbeatable for grocery store strolls and gardening in your backyard. Made to perfection is Barbour’s new Babbity Reversible Rain Jacket. It’s definitely giving us all the blogger vibes, too, stitched with a subtle collar and gorgeous oversize brown buttons. We also love the hidden pockets and cape-like fit toward the bottom. For a simple jacket, SaphiRose’s style is one of Amazon’s best-sellers, is fairly priced and is likely one of the most lightweight options on this list. Not only does it come in a variety of colors but you can’t meet the quality and value characteristic of this piece. Caught in the rain? A well-made puffer is still a go-to option, especially when we’re talking about Amazon Essentials’ Lightweight Water-Resistant Puffer. It’s only $22, comes in a palette of colors (though this wine color is our favorite) and won’t let you down. Bring in the metallics this spring with J.Crew’s Lighweight Trench Coat. Not a true rain jacket per se, but we typically resort to trench coats in unpredictable weather (after all, they’re lightweight, long and repel water well). With this slick material, you’ll be dry. The reason this jacket made the cut: its extra-padded color that’s a surefire way to keep you warm. It’s a bit warmer than other selections but, if you’re traveling or live in a super chilly climate (where spring is more like winter), this splurge from Bloomingdale’s is 100% worth it. How about plum? Gallery has an elegant, water-resistant rain jacket (with a hood!) that’s too good to resist. The two-tone look, indicative at the sleeves and lapel, are simply gorgeous, and its smooth exterior is sure to keep you dry and chic simultaneously. Whether you’re out to a sporting event or dashing outside to run an errand, Charles River’s New Englander Waterproof Jacket is cute, packed to keep you warm and comes in a wide selection of colors that are sure to meet your fancy. Not to mention, the $54 price is budget-friendly, compared to other designer options. Wow, we love emerald (seriously, how could you not?) Luckily, Charter Club has a gorgeous rain jacket that we’re about to pick up ASAP. There are other options, too, but we find this one is simply stunning and ideal for rainy days when you still want to look put-together. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.