New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet on UFC 273. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your bet on this weekend’s MMA fights risk-free. Make your UFC bet risk free with BetMGM, as a fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. The Ultimate Fighting Championship on Saturday brings the octagon to Jacksonville, Fla., in April for the second straight year, and it should be a source of considerable entertainment. Two of the best fighters in the world will take center stage in the top fights, as Alexander Volkanovski and Petr Yan look to show off their wares in the headlining title bouts. Volkanovski defends his featherweight crown against perennial action hero Chan Sung Jung in the main event, while Yan tries to reclaim the bantamweight championship in the co-feature against Aljamain Sterling, who infamously won the title via disqualification in March 2021. Beyond that, the lineup sees some interesting tests, led by Khamzat Chimaev attempting to accelerate his seemingly inevitable march to contention against Gilbert Burns. Meanwhile, Mackenzie Dern’s pairing with Tecia Torres and former Olympic silver medalist Mark Madsen’s encounter with Vinc Pinchel are well-matched fights that are important for all involved. The full card is as follows:  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.