An Albuquerque 5-year-old has stunned TikTok after his parents posted videos of him learning to write in several different languages. Sebastian Esposito was diagnosed with autism at the age of 3, as well as a skill called hyperlexia — when a child has a reading ability well in advance of their age and has a fascination with numbers or letters, according to the Daily Mail. According to Sebastian’s parents, he began displaying the symptoms of hyperlexia when he was just 18 months old. “Every parent thinks their child is special. But I knew Sebastian was really special,” said his father. Ryan Esposito, 30, remembers his son’s fascination with wooden letter blocks, which he used to spell out things, starting with simple words like dog and cat and progressing to nearly 200 words by the time he was 2. Then, he learned the entire Russian alphabet. “When he started to spell words backwards, I thought maybe he was an alien. And he picked up all these words so quickly. It was incredible,” Ryan added. “We think he has a photographic memory. Anything he sees he just stores in his head and never forgets it.” Sebastian’s parents started a TikTok account, aptly named @litttle.einstein, to help spread awareness of their son’s condition. The account has nearly 450,000 followers. “We want people to know that every kid isn’t the same. But they are all brilliant,” the parents said. However, they never dreamed their videos would average nearly 20 million views each. “All he cares about is learning. He has plenty of toys, but they are just covered in dust,” his dad said. “When they see what he can do, I worry people think we’re forcing him to learn. But it’s all his own doing.” Some of the content they post features Sebastian writing an entire alphabet, re-creating every font on Microsoft Word or displaying his aptitude for geography. “He can list every single country in the world and their flag, their capitals and where they are. He can tell a country from the outline,” the proud dad said. Although the family loves Sebastian very much, there have been struggles. “Sebastian can’t really speak with his words; it’s quite difficult for him. He has all of these thoughts, but he struggles to communicate that way,” explained his father. “If he falls down and hurts himself, it’s tough for him to let us know, so it can be really difficult.” Ryan also said that Sebastian “can’t put on his own shoes, but he can write in Russian,” adding, “And that’s fine.” He recalled that during Sebastian’s birth, he was thrown out of the room by a nurse after being told both son and mother would die if the baby was not delivered in 30 minutes. “He was blue when I saw him. He didn’t even look alive,” the petrified papa added. Both mother and son survived the intense delivery but were warned life would include some struggle. “When we were told he could have difficulties, we weren’t concerned at all. We just wanted him to be OK,” Ryan said. As a family, they continue to teach each other new things every day as his parents admire his gift. “Seeing him flourish like this is so brilliant,” Ryan added. “We don’t feel like we deserve such a blessing.”