We love skincare, and it’s not at all a surprise that several skin-boosting serums and treatments are drawn into our orbit on the regular. With that said, we’ve subscribed to a strategic skincare routine, which is filled with foaming cleansers, serums from vitamin C and retinol to hyaluronic acid and niacinamide and a host of eye creams, moisturizers and masks. We’ve seen the hits and the flops alike, and no brand is on the same playing field as Paula’s Choice. The buzzy brand is relatively affordable compared to the sky-high prices of luxe offerings. The best part? It actually works. For cruelty-free skincare, Paula’s Choice is offering 20% off sitewide during the New York Post’s exclusive Spring Shopping Event, plus free shipping on all orders with code NYPOST. Exclusions include kits, sets, sale, sample sizes and new items. I’ve been trying Paula’s Choice products for months, namely its Resist Advanced Replenishing Toner with Hyaluronic Acid ($25) — one of the best toners we listed — and the Omega+ Complex Serum ($39). But, as showcased below, these aren’t the only two. With a careful eye for formulation, Paula’s Choice has a Persian buffet of products to shop for. Ahead, find the top-tier skincare products Paula’s Choice has to offer. They’re her choice, and they’re our choice. If you’re looking for a cleanser with the gentlest formulation your skin will be blessed with, it’s The UnScrub. Designed for all skin types, I love how it feels on my sensitive to dry skin, whisking away leftover makeup and impurities. Its round jojoba beads are a nice touch, too. Ah, let’s give it up for one of the best exfoliants our experts recommended. It’s truly the star of the show, much-loved for its incorporation of salicylic acid, an ingredient to help combat acne and to quickly unclog pores. Specifically, I love using this after my cleanser once or twice a week. As its name suggests, you won’t be able to resist this Advanced Replenishing Toner. Truthfully, I can’t believe it’s only $25, especially because it’s stellar at helping to balance and revitalize my skin. Not to mention, it includes hyaluronic acid to help plump the skin’s feel. You can’t skip over vitamin C. This brightening-packed serum is loaded with 15% of the vitamin, along with vitamin E and ferulic acid to help power your skin with boosting antioxidants. Notably, its lightweight formula keeps me grabbing it time and again. For some, serums can be skipped (but, not for me). I see a tangible difference after using the brand’s Omega+ Complex Serum, which is infused with chia and flaxseed (much like your morning acai bowls). It’s superfood powered to drive super-smooth skin, which I adore. If you’re on the market for a nonabrasive peel, the Skin-Perfecting Exfoliant Peel is for you. It’s only $40, contains AHA and BHA counts to help decongest pores and tackle anti-aging head-on, and it’s a fabulous product for giving your skin that much-needed cleanse. Conveniently, it’s a wash-off treatment, which makes me gravitate to it even more. For oily skin, specifically, you want an oil-free moisturizer. But, as someone with dry and sensitive skin, I find the Paula’s Choice Oil-Free Moisturizer gets the job done, especially to help eradicate any signs of breakouts. It doesn’t make my face shiny, either, and I love how it incorporates niacinamide, a versatile, skin-boosting ingredient. The formulation is virtually flawless. If there’s any product our readers love (myself included), it’s the brand’s best-selling Clinical 1% Retinol Treatment. As one of our expert-recommended retinol treatments, it’s lauded for including peptides and vitamin C, too, targeting wrinkles and more youthful-looking skin. It’s quick to absorb, too, and instantly gives my skin the nourishment it craves, much like a body lotion would. As we approach summer, it’s imperative you use a moisturizer with SPF (though, to be frank, it should be year-round). The Resist Youth-Extending Daily Fluid contains SPF 50 — along with antioxidants and soothing plant extracts — and is the perfect size to toss in your beach bag. With this on, I feel 100% ready to tackle sunny days, much ado to its UV-damage protection. A cleanser and a pump equals pure happiness for skincare lovers. The Resist Perfectly Balanced Foaming Cleanser is a delight to use twice daily, helping to rinse away impurities and leftover makeup. It’s a no-frills, effective product you need for just $20. For a plumping, smoothing and nurturing serum, look no further than the brand’s 10% Niacinamide Booster. It’s less than $50, great for all skin types (especially dry; it’s incredible) and, if I’m being honest, it’s the product I tell everyone IRL to purchase. Much like the brand’s Hydrating Fluid, the Resist Super-Light Wrinkle Defense contains SPF to effectively protect normal to oily combination skin. However, its natural sheen is workable on all skin tones and you’ll name this an essential during warmer temps. Oh, how I can go on and on about the brand’s Water-Infusing Electrolyte Moisturizer! Its whipped texture is enough to develop a cult following on its own and it’s packed with magnesium and potassium to give your skin a vital boost. It’s A+ worthy, to say the least. If you’re looking for a good eye cream, you can’t ditch the ceramides. This formula feels like it’s bulletproof for my skin, doing no wrong and catering to produce good results. For a 360-view of skincare, we can’t skip the lips. Paula’s Choice’s Hyaluronic Acid + Peptide Lip Booster is something I always have on hand, infusing my lips with creamy hydration (many thanks to its consciously created ingredients). It’s a hidden gem as far as lip balms go and well worth it. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.