The Issue: Father-and-son pizza parlor owners who were stabbed while defending a robbery victim. Kudos to pizza parlor owners Cazim Suljovic and son Louie for their fearless actions against the two pieces of garbage who attempted to rob a woman outside their establishment (“Stabbed father & son Samaritans: protect self, pols won’t!” March 31). It was dangerous, but heroic nonetheless, and I totally agree with son Louie, who stated “People have to protect themselves because the government is not doing it.” Truer words have never been spoken. Maybe if the “reformers” see the public is fed up with this asinine stupidity — and the bad guys are being dealt with — things might change in Dodge City. Ralph ManenteYonkers It’s apparent that this father and son do a whole lot more than just serve pizzas to their Queens community. Passively watching this elderly female victim get robbed and just phoning 911 was not an option. I pray they will recover, and when they open their parlor back up, locals should be lined out the door for a warm welcome back and some fresh pizza. Joe SalvatoreBlue Point Cazim and Louie Suljovic are heroes for helping an elderly lady being robbed and attacked by these criminals. You cannot ask for better citizens in our city then Cazim and Louie. Their own lives were in jeopardy because these lowlife robbers had weapons, and Cazim and Louie were stabbed by them. It goes to show you that we need more police out there to do what they’re trained to do — and that’s to protect the people in our city. How many more times will ordinary citizens have to take the law into their own hands and help their fellow New Yorkers? Enough is enough. It’s in the mayor’s hands to see that people have the utmost protection there is. Rob JohannWoodhaven A store owner and his son were stabbed while trying to stop a robbery. Two of the three criminals were apprehended. Allegedly they also beat, stabbed and robbed a man last Monday, and the week before that they allegedly robbed a senior woman of $2,500. I really think Democrats will all find themselves in trouble when the next election comes around. The people will not forget what they have done to our city. Kim CodyWhitestone The Issue: Karol Markowicz’s column on Disney’s plan to “add queerness” to its programming. Karol Markowicz is done with Disney, and so am I (“ ’Bye, Disney,” PostOpinion, March 31). I don’t go to Disney to have them instruct my kids on their gender identity. I take them there for a vacation, to give them a good time and to introduce them to some imaginary imagery. Disney’s management has decided that my kids are really their kids, and they’re going to indoctrinate them into the latest leftist fad that our increasingly bizarre culture has conjured up. So a 3-year-old will be told that he or she can decide which gender they are connected to. At Disney, the lunatics are now running the institution, and the confused and unhinged are now putting themselves in charge of raising our children. Steve HeitnerMiddle Island I agree with Karol Markowicz. Goodbye, Disney! The woke leftist methodologies have become increasingly vicious, ruthless and brazen. Their mantra: “He who owns the child’s mind, owns the future.” Walt Disney is surely turning over in his grave. Kevin HeffernanNew Fairfield, Conn. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.