This skate venue is ready for takeoff. JFK Airport’s TWA Hotel is set to open its Roll-A-Rama skating venue for the second year in a row this weekend. Located beneath Connie, the retro lodging’s restored 1958 Lockheed Constellation airplane-turned-cocktail lounge, the 44-by-56-foot Runway Rink will be open weekends from this Friday, April 15, through Nov. 1, from 4 to 8 p.m. on Saturdays and from noon to 8 p.m. on Sundays, weather permitting. “Capacity is limited, and tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis,” noted the rink’s website. “Tickets cannot be purchased in advance and can only be purchased with a credit card.” Skate sessions are 50 minutes long and cost $20 per adult and $16 per under-12-year-old child. Four-wheel skate rentals — which are disinfected after every usage — are included in the price of admission, and those who have their own pair are welcome to bring them. A limited number of helmets are also available for rent, although skaters are encouraged to bring their own. Socks are mandatory and can be brought from home or bought at the hotel. A full line of TWA-branded merchandise is also available for purchase in the hotel’s online shop. In addition to the seasonal, 2,668-tile rink, the “experiential” TWA Hotel also features a variety of vintage 1960s cars parked throughout, a Twister Room and a series of interactive pop-up museum exhibits curated by the New York Historical Society, including a 1962 living room re-creation. Food options include the Sunken Lounge, which overlooks the rink, and chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten’s Paris Café. The 512-room hotel and temporary skate venue reopened as an homage to its former self in 2019, after sitting unused since 2001. The 200,000-square-foot concrete-and-glass terminal first opened in 1962, yet while considered a masterpiece of modern design it was “functionally obsolete the day it opened” as it was designed for old-school propeller planes rather than jets, developer Tyler Morse told The Post in 2019. The terminal thus struggled to handle plane traffic through the entirety of its existence until TWA eventually shut it down at the turn of the century.