Celebrities are mourning the death of legendary comedian and actor Gilbert Gottfried. The Gottfried family confirmed the devastating news in a statement Tuesday afternoon. The 67-year-old passed away due to a “long illness,” the family shared, but his cause of death has not been revealed. His family appropriately remembered him as “the most iconic voice in comedy,” honoring his iconic voice-over roles in “Aladdin,” “Family Guy,” “The Fairly Odd Parents” and more. Like most great comedians, the native New Yorker spent several years as a cast member on “Saturday Night Live” before starring in a plethora of movies and TV shows, with 184 credits on IMDB. Gottfried was adoringly nicknamed “the comedian’s comedian” and has been remembered so by his peers and fans who began mourning the star when news of his death broke. “Gilbert Gottfried made me laugh at times when laughter did not come easily. What a gift. I did not know him well but I loved what he shared with me. My best wishes and sympathy to his family,” Jason Alexander tweeted. Jon Stewart wrote: “RIP Gilbert. Opening for Gilbert Gottfried at Carolines and Princeton Catch was one of the great thrills of my early stand up life. He could leave you gasping for breath…just indescribably unusually hilarious…Damn.” “OH NO. Gilbert Gottfried was one of my idols. A comedian’s comedian if there ever was one. I wanted to work with him so badly. I hate this. RIP” tweeted Hayden Schlossberg, creator of “Cobra Kai” and “Harold & Kumar.” “Rip Gilbert Gottfried, a brilliant comedian and just the sweetest guy. We worked together on ‘Goosed.’ Everybody adored him,” Jennifer Tilly commented. She went on to retweet a photo of Bob Saget, Louie Anderson and Gottfried that he shared in January honoring the death of his fellow comedians. “F-ck you, death,” Patton Oswalt commented. “I am so sad to read about the passing of Gilbert Gottfried. Funny, politically incorrect but a softie on the inside. We met many times; he even pranked me on a plane, replacing my intepreter @655jack(they’re like twins). Sending love to Dara & his children,” Marlee Matlin captioned a photo of her standing on stage next to Gottfried. “GILBERT GOTTFRIED YOU MAKE ME LAUGH EVERYTIME I SEE YOU. THE COMEDY WORLD BROKEN BECAUSE YOU CARE SO MUCH. I LOVE YOU FOREVER BUBBA,” Iranian retired professional wrestler, amateur wrestler and actor The Iron Sheik tweeted. “I lost a friend today. @RealGilbert. The sweetest, and most hysterically funny person .I can honestly say no one else made me laughed harder. Great friend, husband and father. My heart goes out to Dara and the kids. Science needs to put some focus on tinea pedi,” said Howie Mandel said, who couldn’t help but squeeze-in one last joke as he suggested that Gottfried had died of Athlete’s foot. “Gilbert would be the first one to make a joke about this picture today. The first. And he would not hold back,” Kathy Griffin commented on the picture of Saget, Anderson and Gottfried who have all died within months of each other. “I shall miss you, my friend, my sometimes foil, my always pain in my side, usually from the belly laughs. The heavens are a great deal louder with you out there now, I’m sure. Keep ‘em shaking their heads and smiling, Gilbert,” George Takei replied to the news. ‘Rest In Peace Gilbert Gottfried! First time I saw him live he did his Jackie Kennedy bit: ‘Jackie do you remember where you were…’ in front of drunk Bruins fans at Nicks,” Bill Burr said sharing a touching memory. “Hotel managers from all over the country will be going to Gilbert’s funeral with the hopes of getting their soaps and shampoos back. RIP Gilbert, you were loved by every comic,” Jim Norton said cracking a joke through his sorrow. Gottfried’s “Problem Child” co-star Laraine Newman shared a touching throwback photo of the two on set their hilarious comedy: “On the set of Problem Child 2. Dear, sweet, hilarious Gilbert.” “Sad to hear of the passing of the groundbreaking and legendary Gilbert Gottfried. Here was the last time I saw you in Miami. My condolences to the family and friends of this genius comic, artist, and provocateur. Comedy mourns tonight,” Tom Green said sharing a photo of the two. Gottfried’s celebrity was so big that the touching tributes and devastated messages came from outside Hollywood, too. MSNBC correspondent Joy-Ann Reid posted a video of herself sharing her impression of Gottfried to the famed comedian himself. “Posting this to laugh while I cry. That time I got to Gilbert Gottfried with Gilbert Gottfried at COMICON, back in the #AMJoy days. What a great and funny guy. Rest in peace and deepest condolences to his family,” she wrote. “I really love Gilbert Gottfried’s comedy and documentary on his life and – I really wish God would stop taking all the people who make us laugh and happy. Way too young, way too soon. Love and light to his family and loved ones,” Meghan McCain tweeted with remorse. “So sorry to hear this. Gilbert was a great guy and a comedic genius. R.I.P.” Donald Trump Jr. commented. In the tributes to the legendary comedian, many remembered his 2001 telling of “the filthiest joke ever told” which gave many a much needed laugh after the 9/11 attacks. “Gilbert Gottfried’s roast of Hugh Hefner in 2001 was perhaps the most iconic, daring 5 minutes of comedy that I have ever seen,” John Lurie remembered. Comedy Central released a statement simply noting: “Gilbert Gottfried’s unique talent and iconic voice left an indelible mark on comedy.” Gilbert leaves behind many loved ones, namely wife, Dara Kravitz, and two children, Lily and Max.