Ladies and gentlemen, finally: something different than the normal mock draft to which you are accustomed. Something to entertain you. Something that is good enough, for you. To quote the “Millenium Man,” Chris Jericho in his RAW debut, you think of events so gigantic it changes the course of history. Well, that is exactly what the sports bettor’s mock draft is. I am here to save the NFL mock draft. Without further ado, here it is: The 2022 sports bettor’s NFL mock draft. Sure, while the sports bettor’s mock draft is not quite as gigantic as Chris Jericho’s WWE debut, it is an innovative way to look at the draft. There are position totals that are easily accessible on sports betting apps. You can bet on each individual pick, as well as over/under draft slots for dozens of players. So that’s what we’re going to do. Bet on all 32 selections in the first round of the NFL Draft. Can’t get enough NFL Draft chatter? Sign up for Post Sports+ to get the latest rumblings about the Giants, Jets and how the draft board is shaping up texted straight to your phone from Post football experts Paul Schwartz, Brian Costello, Ryan Dunleavy and Steve Serby. Importantly, I am not a scout. I don’t go to the NFL combine, nor do I talk to the GMs of the franchises. Perhaps that could make this even more fun down the road, but for now, we are using information gathered from the people who do these things. These experts include NFL Network’s Peter Schrager and his Mock Draft 2.0, Todd McShay’s player rankings, and WalterFootball’s Charlie Campbell. Each of these mock drafters has a proven track record of accuracy. If you are not familiar with Charlie Campbell, his mock draft last season was the most accurate in the industry according to a list compiled by FantasyPros. With these experts and odds from across the legal sports betting landscape, we can track the best bets for the 2022 NFL Draft. With all of the hearsay, speculation and evaluation that drives every decision possible. Welcome to sports bettor’s mock draft… The draft really starts with Houston with Walker and Hutchinson the expected one-two punch. The Texans would probably love to trade down but since no teams are clamoring to trade up, the Texans could reach here for the best playmaker. You’ll notice the best bet is just for him to be a top-10 pick. Betting him to go third is +2500 on DraftKings so this is a longshot, to say the least. The Texans are as difficult to predict as any team in football. Todd McShay had an interesting tidbit about the Panthers sticking with Darnold for the draft. It is possible that this is a smokescreen, after all, as Peter Schrager says that the Panthers are taking Pickett. Someone is right here, I think Schrager is wrong. Sauce Gardner and Jameson Williams in the first round? Man, that would be fun. Make it happen, Joe Douglas! If the Panthers pass, who goes for Pickett? It could be the Steelers, but most experts believe that they are in on Malik Willis. Pickett could be in freefall until he gets saved by Tennessee, who were less than thrilled to see Ryan Tannehill come up small in the playoffs. This could be a spot for a trade as the 32nd overall picks stands to help a team gain that coveted 5th-year option.