Maybe Zach Wilson knew something we didn’t about what was going to take place in Thursday night’s NFL draft first round. Maybe he didn’t. But this is what the Jets second-year quarterback had to say last week: “I’m extremely excited about the plan. I’m excited for what they’re going to bring in for us.’’ Well, this is what Jets general manager “Trader’’ Joe Douglas was able to bring in Thursday: Three first-round draft picks who look like difference-makers, three of the best collegiate players at their respective positions, three players who should be immediate starters. The Jets got a hell of a lot better on Thursday night when they landed Cincinnati cornerback Ahmad “Sauce’’ Gardner with the No. 4 overall pick, Ohio State receiver Garrett Wilson at No. 10 and Florida State defensive lineman Jermaine Johnson II in a stunning 11th-hour trade with the Titans for the 26th overall pick. We’ve criticized Douglas for the unacceptable win-loss record under his watch — 13-36 since 2019. Justifiably so. But, with the modest offseason maneuvers Douglas made along with his aggressive performance in Thursday night’s first round, if the Jets aren’t ready to make major strides in the AFC East standings in 2022, they may never be. “We got better tonight,’’ Douglas said. “What a great opportunity. We feel fortunate that we were able to get three players that were in our top eight [ranked players on the draft board].’’ The trade to get Johnson, rated by many as the best NFL-ready pass rusher in this draft, took what was already a successful night to another level. A number of mock drafts had Johnson going to the Jets with the No. 10 pick. By the time the Texans were up with the 15th pick and Johnson was still available, Douglas began making calls to trade back into the first round. It wasn’t until the Titans were on the clock at 26 before a trade was consummated. Asked how many teams from 15 to 26 he called to try to get Johnson, Douglas said, “All of them.’’ “We were very surprised he was there in late 20s,’’ Douglas said. “You’re trying to make offers and see who’s willing to dance with you.’’ Asked how nervous he got as he sought a dance partner, Douglas said, “Very.’’ “Joe said he was nervous, but I was the one with the towel wiping sweat off my head,’’ Jets head coach Robert Saleh said. Saleh characterized the momentous night as “awesome.’’ “When you get three in your top eight, you’re not expecting it,’’ Saleh said. “You get three impact players at three premium positions … you dream of it happening.’’ Now Saleh must turn the dream into reality. Translation: wins. The Jets got better on defense, something they desperately needed to do, but it was the Garrett Wilson pick that stands out as the sexiest potential game-changer for them. Follow live coverage of the 2022 NFL Draft with pick-by-pick updates, analysis and more from the New York Post. This draft always had to be — and must continue to be as the second and third rounds begin Friday — about building around Zach Wilson. Four years ago, with a different general manager and head coach making the decisions, the Jets drafted quarterback Sam Darnold with the third overall pick. And from there, they inexplicably failed to build around him. It took two drafts and 13 picks after Darnold was drafted in 2018 before the Jets picked a receiver. That receiver was Denzel Mims, who was drafted in the 2020 second round and has been an unquestioned disappointment since. And, by the time the Jets picked Mims, they’d already halfway checked out on Darnold as their franchise quarterback anyway. In the 21-year-old, 6-foot, 192-pound Wilson, the first receiver the Jets have drafted in the first round since Santana Moss in 2001, the possibility for a productive, if not prolific, Wilson-to-Wilson aerial attack is tantalizing. The Jets’ offense has been devoid of difference-making skill-position players for too long. Hopefully, with the addition of Wilson, who caught 70 passes for 1,054 yards and 12 TDs last season for Ohio State, and the further development of Elijah Moore, who was drafted in the second round last year, that changes and the Jets will no longer be starved for touchdowns as much as their fan base has been starved for wins. Giants co-owner John Mara showed raw and refreshing honesty earlier this offseason when he said this about Giants quarterback Daniel Jones: “We’ve done everything possible to screw this kid up.’’ No one from the Jets was as honest as Mara was in his assessment of Jones and copped to doing that with Darnold, but that’s exactly what they did: They screwed him up. Douglas and Saleh seem determined not to repeat the mistakes that were made with Darnold with Wilson. Douglas said last week that a focus of this draft was “going to be about developing and helping our young quarterback.’’ He stayed true to that on Thursday night. Good for him. Good for Zach Wilson. Good for the Jets.