Having a newborn can be hard enough as it is. But not knowing what they want when they cry can make life so much harder. Luckily, this mom shared how you can know exactly what your baby needs. It turns out there’s nine different types of cries, and each one means something different. Anna Shields said: “They are so accurate that if you know them you’ll always know what your newborn baby needs.” The mom said she learnt the clever trick from First Discoverers, and it’s been life changing for her. The baby experts say that when your baby is hungry, they have their own way of letting you know. “As if to suckle, Baby’s tongue sticks to his palate and the sound that comes out is “neh”, baby needs to eat.” Knowing when to burp your little one can not always be obvious, but if they make lots of little ‘eh’ sounds, this can can be a big indicator. They make this noise because their diaphragm lowers and the larynx closes, according to the experts. “The air tries to come out fairly brief and jerky,” they add. Your baba will let you know when they’re ready to sleep, even if you think it will never happen. They key is to listen out for yawning sounds, which will sound different to an adults. “The mouth opens wide, the tongue flattens down and recedes,” to make the ‘aoh’ sound. Your little one will always let you know if their stomach hurts. The sounds is longer than other cries and they squirm as they let it all out. the experts describe the sound as “hoarse, contracted and prolonged” Just like you and me, babies can get pretty restless, this is often because they’re simple not comfortable. They might be too hot or cold and just not like the position they’re in. The cry for this sounds like ‘heh’ and is stand out from a lot of the others. The baby pros comment that “the soft H is particularly recognizable.” The cry for this is also very distinct and sounds like ‘Guèn’. It’s important to note: “This sound is accompanied by increased salivation and it seems to rub its gums against each other. You can offer Baby a teething ring.” If your baby needs a bit of company, they have their own way of letting you know too. The heart-breaking cry sounds like ‘Lelaol’, the pros say They add: “The sound is calm and sad. With this little meow, Baby says that he is bored and that he needs bond and presence.” When your newborn is in need of a drink they’ll let out a ‘nah’ sound. This is because their “tongue peels of the palate,” the experts explain. When everything is wrong babies will cry too, it sounds like ‘ouin’. Listen out for the distinct ‘O’ sound and give your little one a cuddle to let them know you’re there. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.