From mind-blowing orgasms to their favorite sex toys, no subject is off-limits for long-term friends Holly Robinson and Rachel Anderson. Pals since their teens, they have raunchy conversations daily and share every detail of their love life. Now they have turned their talks into a sex therapy business — helping women who struggle to reach orgasm and couples who have lost their mojo. Holly, 33, who lives with partner Oliver Ward, 37, a paratrooper, and their daughter Breya, 7, in Colchester, Essex, says: “I talk to Rachel about sex every day and we are closer than sisters. We have never had any boundaries around what we share. “I’ve been known to message her saying, ‘I’ve just tried this new erotic massage and had a random orgasm.’ “Or Rachel will message me saying she has just discovered a new pleasurable tantric practice and I need to try it. “We are having the best sex of our lives and it’s become our mission to help other women experience pleasure far better than they ever imagined. “Women shouldn’t feel ashamed or embarrassed when it comes to talking about sex. Openly sharing experiences with a friend gives the other one permission to do the same.” Rachel, 32, who is in a relationship with Dean Bailey, 37, who is ex-military, says: “When it came to boys and sex, nothing was secret from Holly. “When I lost my virginity at 15, it was Holly I confided in and I shared all the details.” Holly agrees: “In our younger years we were intrigued by everything to do with sex. “We talked openly about the type of porn we both liked to watch and what toys we enjoyed. We even compared notes about how we reached orgasm through self-pleasure. “There was a lot of peer pressure. Girls were having sex because they thought it was what they should be doing, even though they weren’t really into it. “At school, you were either labeled frigid or promiscuous, and we talked about how wrong that was. “As we got older we became frustrated by the myths surrounding sex — like the misconception that all women can orgasm through penetration alone which isn’t true. As best friends we had one rule — we would never have sex with the same guy.” The friends chose similar career paths, with Holly qualifying as a life coach and Rachel as a counselor. But two years ago they found their true calling. Rachel says: “Clients came to me with all sorts of issues but intimacy came up in almost every conversation. They’d say things like, ‘I can’t talk to my partner’, or, ‘I can’t remember the last time we had sex’.” And Holly’s clients were similar. “Women would almost laugh off their sex lives,” she explains. “They’d say they needed to have sex soon because it had been a month since the last time or things like, ‘We’ve been together for 10 years, of course, we aren’t intimate anymore.’ “When I talked to Rachel we realized this was a whole area that we should be concentrating on.” After re-training in sex therapy, the women launched their joint business, The Hormone Hub, and started seeing clients in Holly’s living room. They now do 20 one-to-one sessions a week, and three to four workshops, including tantra sessions, in a rented hall. Holly says: “We see women who want to orgasm but it isn’t happening and couples who have zero sexual chemistry and need help getting the spark back.” Like many new mums, Holly went through an intimacy blip when Breya was born, but sex is now better than ever. She says: “When I became a mum my body felt different and having sex felt daunting. I talked to Rachel and she reassured me that my sex life would get back on track, and it did. “I used to think I could only have one type of orgasm but because I’ve learned so much through our work, I have mastered every kind. Oliver knows what turns me on and I am always changing things in the bedroom.” Holly is also open about sex with her daughter. “We started talking to Breya about sex when she was 5,” she says. “She knows sex isn’t just about having babies. I’ve told her that an orgasm is like a fire in her belly. There should be no shame around discussing the subject. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.