Bryson DeChambeau has been plagued by injuries this season, but he played in last week’s Masters anyway, against his doctor’s orders. Now, however, it appears he is in danger of missing next month’s PGA Championship. The 28-year-old was scheduled to participate this week in a Professional Long Drivers Association event in Jupiter, Fla., but he pulled out of the competition. Instead, he will undergo surgery on his left hand Thursday, his agent confirmed to The Post on Wednesday. How long DeChambeau will be sidelined is unknown. “We look forward to a smooth recovery and rehab process,” DeChambeau’s agent, Brett Falkoff, said in a text. “Bryson looks forward to returning as soon as he is cleared to do so.” Sports Illustrated was first to report the news. Last month, DeChambeau revealed he had suffered a fractured hamate bone in his left hand and a torn labrum in his left hip. He hurt the hand when he slipped on a marble floor while playing table tennis in his hotel with Sergio Garcia and Joaquin Niemann during the Saudi International in early February. That led him to withdraw from that tournament after the opening round. The torn labrum, he said, traces back two years, to when he began speed training in order to add more distance to his game. When DeChambeau returned to playing, after nearly two months, he struggled. He didn’t make it out of pool play at the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play, then missed the cut each of the following two weeks, at the Valero Texas Open and the Masters, in which he shot 76-80. “I’m probably around 80 percent right now,” he said at Augusta National. “I can’t go all out. I can’t do any speed-training sessions. I can’t practice for excessive hours, like I have to figure stuff out.” So far, DeChambeau, who memorably bashed his way to victory at the 2020 U.S. Open at Winged Foot, has made just six starts in 2022. His best finish was a tie for 25th at the Sentry Tournament of Champions in January, though that tournament doesn’t have a cut and had just 38 players in the field. He then missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, withdrew from the Saudi event and didn’t play again for six more weeks. When DeChambeau will play again is unknown. The PGA Championship will take place May 19-22 at Southern Hills in Tulsa, Okla.