“The View” co-host Sunny Hostin said she dreads Elon Musk taking over Twitter, claiming it would benefit “predominantly straight white men” who are on the social-media platform. “When Elon Musk says, ‘Wow, this is about free speech,’ it seems to me that this is about free speech of straight white men, so let them have it,” Hostin told her “View” co-hosts on Tuesday. “Let them just go at it.” Hostin added: “I think Twitter can be a really horrible place, and I think people are excited because he is sort of going to unleash the trolls, right?” “I think he is saying, ‘You get to say whatever you want. I’m going to take away the guardrails.’ And for me, that is something that is a bit scary.” Hostin cited a statistic according to which 38% of women on Twitter have been “on the receiving end of abuse.” Hostin added that her favorite feature on Twitter is the “block button.” She bemoaned the fact that Twitter “has an outsize influence in our world because politicians and celebrities are on it.” Reaction to Musk’s imminent takeover of Twitter is divided along partisan lines. While Democrats and their supporters are critical of the move, conservatives and Republicans are rejoicing. Fox News hosts Tucker Carlson and Mark Levin ended their boycotts of Twitter while GOP lawmakers hailed what they saw as the end of online censorship. “Twitter openly censors speech based on political ideologies and makes a mockery of our Constitutional liberties,” Texas Sen. Ted Cruz tweeted Monday morning. “If Elon Musk can turn that around to actually protect free speech and encourage open discourse, Twitter’s full potential will be unlocked.” Prominent liberals vowed to shun the site if Musk completed his takeover. Erik Larsen, the comic book creator whose credits include “The Amazing Spider-Man,” deleted his account after vowing to do so if Musk bought Twitter. Jameela Jamil, the actress and activist, announced that she’s leaving Twitter after the platform accepted Musk’s offer to buy the company. “Ah he got Twitter,” Jamil tweeted alongside four images of herself with her dog. “I would like this to be my what lies here as my last tweet. Just really any excuse to show pics of Barold.”