The distraught mother of slain 12-year-old Kade Lewin issued a heartbreaking plea on Monday for his killers to be caught after he was shot dead in a parked minivan in Brooklyn last week. “I’m asking for justice for Kade,” his tearful mom, Suzette Lewin, told reporters as she clutched a photo of her little boy outside her Flatlands home. “All I’m asking, please come forward,” she pleaded, fighting back tears. “Please, please, somebody say something. I’m asking for justice for Kade. Please. Please, I’m asking for justice, please.” Mayor Eric Adams, who stood beside the grieving mom holding a pair of the slain boy’s sneakers, decried the shooting, repeatedly asking: “Whose child is next?” “When you understand the realness of this, you understand the urgency and so when I move with the urgency and people are telling me to slow down, what the hell is wrong with you?” the mayor said. “Whose child is next? And the overwhelming number of the victims are black and brown,” he said. “Overwhelming. We can replace the name of Kade with so many other names. Promising young people snatched away from us. “The entire country should listen to the narrative of this family,” Adams added. “Immigrants coming here to this country looking for a better way of life, not for someone to take their life.” Standing with them was the mother of Kade’s 20-year-old cousin, Jenna Ellis, who was in the driver’s seat and suffered gunshot wounds to her jaw and stomach. She is still recovering in the hospital. The youngster and his cousin were sitting in her car eating in East Flatbush on Thursday when a gunman opened fire, striking both. An 8-year-old girl, Kade’s niece, was also in the car but was not hit by the volley of bullets, police said. “I’m standing here today and I should not be standing here today,” Jenna’s mother, Jennifer Jones Ellis, said while she held her daughter’s portrait. “But I just want the neighborhoods to know that this violence, this gun action, it must be stopped,” she said. “It is way too much of our people are being targeted and way too much innocent people are being killed. “My nephew, he’s gone, never to return in this world,” Ellis said. “My daughter, laid up in the hospital blaming herself. Why should she blame herself? “If you see something, say something. This must be stopped. It could be anyone’s family. Who else is going it’s going to be? I did not know it would have been my family. Nobody knows who else is next.” “We just don’t want it to be another Kade,” she said. Kade was shot in the head while he was eating in a car with his two cousins at East 56th Street and Linden Boulevard in East Flatbush on Thursday night. She added: “No one knows who is going to be next … We just don’t want it to be a next Kade. We don’t want it to be another Jenna.” Mayor Adams apologized to both families and vowed to catch those responsible. “We’re so sorry. Those who took their lives will be found,” Hizzoner said, adding that he would personally contribute to help with Kade’s burial costs. “We’re putting out a call to help this family during this time,” he said. “Mountain cost of burying Kade. The medical costs of young Jenna that’s still in the hospital with six bullets. “I will personally contribute. We want contributions to go to the lisadozierfuneralservice.com to raise money that’s needed. This family [has] been hit with this real crisis.” Police believe Kade and his older cousin were struck in what may have been a case of mistaken identity, NYPD sources said. Two cars, including a black Infiniti sedan, fled the scene after the shooting, sources and witnesses said. One source said detectives were also considering the possibility that the thugs in both vehicles had been firing at each other. No arrests have been made yet. “Your NYPD is doing everything it can … to deter and prevent and apprehend those responsible but we need your help,” NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell said. “Kade’s mother needs your help Jenna’s mother needs your help.” Jenna’s father, Winston Ellis, told The Post Monday that his daughter is doing much better recovering from her wounds. “Doctors are deciding when to take the bullet out of her cheek,” he said. “They’ll decide when the appropriate time to do that operation. “I want to be happy. I want to be satisfied,” he added. “But you never know. You never can tell. So, I’m cautiously optimistic of her recovery.” Kade’s niece, Kylie Thompson, was sitting in the backseat when the shooting unfolded, but the 8-year-old was uninjured. “This happened not too far from the district I represent,” Public Advocate Jumanee Williams said during the press conference. “What f—ks me up — excuse me — is I know we’re gonna be here in a couple more days dealing with another family,” Williams said. “I want to make sure I was here because I know the media sometimes plays up differences. “But  I want to make sure New York City sees their leaders standing together on message about the urgency of dealing with gun violence in the community,” he said. “I know it’s black folks, but let’s care about their lives. Please, please. Kade’s brutal murder is the latest in a spate of gun violence involving children that has rocked the city. Just last month, a 3-year-old was hit by gunfire outside of a Brownsville, Brooklyn day care center and a 7-year-old was grazed by a stray bullet in Coney Island. An 11-month-old girl was also hit by a stray bullet in The Bronx in January. Additional reporting by Tina Moore