This mom has been forced to wear despite only being 31 due to gum disease. Dakila Mccombs, 31, faced problems with her teeth ever since she had braces removed aged 22 and six teeth fell out. She was left feeling incredibly insecure about her teeth since a serious gum infection completely destroyed not only the soft tissues, but the bones supporting her teeth. The mom-of-two, from Tennessee, US, took the plunge and decided to get her teeth extracted and purchased a set of dentures for a whopping $2,274.33 She revealed: “I have had dentures for a year now and it’s the best thing I ever did. “I’ve lived half of my life under a shadow and unable to express myself.” While most adults have 32 teeth, Dakila only had 20 of hers left by the time she hit 30-year-old. She went as far as using dental wax, which is used on braces, to fashion fake teeth to fill in her gappy smile. Although she confessed her teeth were never the best, once her braces were removed six of her teeth came out with them. “I was devastated and horrified,” she confessed. Things went from bad to worse and the enamel continued to worsen and a dentist suggested dentures. She said: “I have always been a bubbly person but I felt like I couldn’t be myself as I didn’t want to smile or laugh to show off my mouth. “I was at an all time low for years. “I taught myself how to talk with my mouth almost closed or covered my mouth with my hand. It wasn’t until the pandemic that she knew something had to change. “It was a big relief during the pandemic and we had to wear masks as I felt like my confidence came back. “I felt like the old upbeat me again and that’s when I knew I really needed dentures.” Dakila’s health insurance paid $3,960 for the remaining teeth to be extracted in December 2020. She then had eight more removed in April 2021 and dentures fitted costing less than $2,485. “Life is better without my real teeth and I’m no longer afraid to show my gums or dentures off. “Dentures are associated with elderly people because young people are too embarrassed to speak out. “I am hoping to normalize dentures!” Although she has a positive outlook on her new set of gnashers, Dakila is often subject to harsh comments online. She said: “I receive a lot of backlash when I take my teeth out online but I am trying to educate others. “When you’re young and lose your teeth, people automatically lose your teeth to drugs. “I have inherited gum disease as it runs through my family so I was doomed from the get-go. “I have been called a catfish but I don’t care because I have a supportive fiancé Tim Simmons, 32, who loves me for me. “I used to be negative to myself but now I have great teeth and I know they look good so nobody can bring me down. “I want other people to know they are beautiful and their gummy smile is the best smile. “No matter what your story is, always rise above.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission. 