Well, this is either going to make you double down whatever residual anger you may harbor toward the manager of the Yankees, or it’ll make you take a step back and declare: “Good for you, sticking to your guns.” You will either shake your head with derision at Aaron Boone and say, “He never changes,” or you will shake your head in admiration at Aaron Boone and say, “He never changes.” I asked this of Boone on Sunday, before the Yankees hosted the Red Sox in the finale of their three-game lid-lifter of a series at Yankee Stadium: “Obviously you always want to get off to a quick start for the season. But when you look around your division, all the games you’ll have against pretty strong teams, is it especially imperative to get off to one now?” Mind you, at the time the question was asked, the Yankees were 2-0 and one of just five teams in the sport who had yet to lose (a number that would be sliced to just two — the Yankees and the Rays — by first pitch). It would’ve been the easiest thing in the world for Boone to hop on that theory, speak eloquently of setting a tone in April he’d like to carry on through September, maybe a few bonus platitudes at his discretion. But Boone didn’t do that. Because Boone wouldn’t do that. “It’s 162,” he said, with a thin smile on his face. “If you’re going to win the AL East, if you’re going to be a playoff team, you need to concentrate on what you’re doing every day. Regardless of the season you’re going to go through lumps and bumps along the way so every win is precious.” Oh yes. That’s Boone. That’s vintage Boone. That’s quintessential Boone. That’s the Boone who never gets too high and never gets too low, who is the home office for “even keel,” who sometimes looks like he’d be able to find the bright side in a street mugging, who is not a dirt kicker or a water-cooler-smasher or an over-turner of the postgame food spread. That is actually supposed to be a good thing in a manager. And it has been a good thing for Boone, who won 203 regular-season games in his first two full years on the job, who has made the playoffs all four seasons, who led last year’s team to the finish line despite what felt like a season-long scuffle, an unending pile of brush fires. But there are a lot of Yankees fans for whom Billy Martin will forever be the managerial gold standard — brash, angry, outspoken. That’s not Boone. That’s never going to be Boone. You might search the whole history of baseball and not find two men who are more different in every way than Aaron Boone and Billy Martin. “We’ve gotten off to slow starts and still won 100 games,” Boone said. “We want to be consistent, or as well as we can be.” So no: Boone certainly wasn’t going to be misinterpreted as getting too carried away by a feel-good 2-for-2 start against anyone, even if it’s the Yankees’ ancient rivals from Boston. The hot-and-cold can destroy baseball teams. Tepid might not be funny, might not be fun at parties, might not make headlines. But tepid works during a baseball season. It’s 162. Boone did allow: “Something about [a hot start] can be settling for a team and an individual, it allows you to get into the flow of a season without much pressing.” OK! So a hot start really does get your blood percolating a bit then … “If you are expecting to do special things, the great things won’t be swayed by a great win or a tough loss.” Yep. That’s Boone. This is who he is. Anything else would be false, phony, and bad acting. Maybe that’s not your cup of tea, but Boone’s record as a manager is 330-218, a .602 winning percentage. That’s some tasty tea.