New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your bet on The Masters 2022 risk-free. A giant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, as the most prestigious golf tournament is upon us. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer, and bet on The Masters risk-free. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  Golf returns to Augusta National for the 86th edition of The Masters. The history, the iconography, and above all else the course is what makes this tournament so special, and perhaps the most prestigious tournament in all golf. Augusta National is a golfing paradise, cruelly beyond most people’s reach. Strap yourself in for four days of chaos, drama, and plenty of missed putts. BetMGM are offering plenty of fantastic markets for this year’s tournament, from outright tournament winner, player vs. player finishes, and which players will finish in the top five. Jon Rahm is the favorite to wear the green jacket this year, with Justin Thomas in close attendance. World number one Scottie Scheffler is in red hot form at the moment and finds himself amongst the favorites. Current champion Hideki Matsuyama was doubtful to return to Augusta due to a back injury, but the man from Japan is set to attempt to join Jack Nicklaus, Nick Faldo, and Tiger Woods in defending his Masters title. A fairytale story is perhaps in the pipeline, as Tiger Woods makes his return to the course. The five-time champion looks likely to be involved in the weekend, having practiced in Georgia for the past week. Whatever happens over the coming days, there are sure to be plenty of surprises in store.   Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. 