Taylor Lorenz was blasted by an Instagram influencer who said she was being cyberbullied because she has the same name as the operator of the right-leaning Twitter account “Libs of TikTok” who was allegedly “doxxed” by the Washington Post reporter on Tuesday. Chaya Raichik, a stay-at-home mother of two children living in the United Kingdom, bears the same name as the Brooklyn-based realtor who Lorenz revealed this week to be the Twitter user behind “Libs of TikTok,” a pro-conservative account that posts TikTok videos of liberals deemed by some to be extremist. She said that in the wake of Lorenz’s article, she has been harassed and bullied online and that internet trolls were posting her parents’ home address on social media platforms. Raichik, who is traveling through Southern California while on Passover vacation, posted several stories to her 22,400 Instagram followers insisting that she was not the same Chaya Raichik whose name was published by the Post on Tuesday. “I tried to make light of this ridiculous situation as best as I could, but it’s become terrifying for me and my family,” she wrote on Instagram. Raichik then posted some threatening messages she has received, including one that read: “Liar liar liar scumbag liar. Follower of satanic tRUMP.” Another troll wrote: “You are whats wrong with this world. You’re vile and disgusting. Your children should be taken away from you and put in a safer home. May you rot in hell.” Raichik then demanded that Lorenz do more to stop the abuse. “This is ON YOU!” Raichik wrote, tagging Lorenz. “You need to clarify that this is not me. People are posting and tweeting my parents home address!!!” She added: “If anything happens to my family it is on you!” The influencer Raichik told her Instagram followers that she “woke up this morning to hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of new followers.” “I don’t really travel much so I haven’t been to Washington, DC, ever,” she said. “I don’t have my real estate license, unfortunately, so I’m not a realtor,” Raichik added. “I’m Jewish so my name is quite popular,” she said. Raichik added that she does not have a Twitter account. Lorenz took to social media on Wednesday and urged her nearly 300,000 followers on Twitter to leave Chaya Raichik, a married stay-at-home mother of two from Los Angeles, alone. “Just want to make clear that this Chaya Raichik on IG is NOT the Chaya behind Libs of TikTok!” Lorenz, the Post internet culture beat reporter, tweeted on Wednesday. The controversial journalist was accused of “doxxing” the “Libs of TikTok” creator by including a link to her original story that revealed a workplace address. Lorenz has denied the accusation. The term “doxxing” refers to the act of posting sensitive, personal information online as a means of punishing or harassing the intended target by inviting trolls to abuse them. A Washington Post spokesperson told the New York Post that the newspaper removed the link which took readers to a page that revealed her previous professional address. The Washington Post said that it decided to remove the link because “we ultimately deemed it unnecessary.” Lorenz noted that the name is a common one among Orthodox Jewish women, which is “why I worked so hard to confirm that I reported on the correct one.” Earlier on Wednesday, the Washington Post came out with a statement in support of Lorenz after she came under fire on social media. “Taylor Lorenz is a diligent and accomplished journalist whose reporting methods comport entirely with the Washington Post’s professional standards,” the Post’s senior managing editor Cameron Barr said in a statement. “Chaya Raichik, in her management of the Libs of TikTok Twitter account and in media interviews, has had significant impact on public discourse and her identity had become public knowledge on social media.” Barr added: “We did not publish or link to any details about her personal life.”