Alexis Lafreniere carried the puck into the center of the offensive zone, where Detroit’s top-line center Dylan Larkin posted up to clog the lane, but the 2020 first-overall pick evaded the defense with a slick between-the-legs move before backhanding it home to cap the scoring in the Rangers’ 4-0 victory over the Red Wings on Saturday afternoon. The sequence had the Madison Square Garden crowd on its feet in a celebration that felt as if it could’ve blown the pinwheel ceiling wide open. That part was fun, Lafreniere said, but making a notable impact on his first game back after serving as a healthy scratch in Philadelphia on Wednesday clearly meant more. “It was fine, [head coach Gerard Gallant] just told me that he wanted to rest me,” said Lafreniere, who scored twice in the win to snap an eight-game point drought. “I wasn’t playing my best hockey, too, the last couple games before today. It was fine, I got to rest a little bit and feel good.” Lafreniere was a healthy scratch for the first time in his NHL career in the Rangers’ win over the Flyers earlier in the week, but Gallant maintained that it was to give the 20-year-old winger a rest and not due to poor play. Gallant insisted Lafreniere would be back in the lineup the following game. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. But the new-look third line of Barclay Goodrow, Filip Chytil and Kaapo Kakko played well together, so Gallant put Lafreniere on the fourth unit with Kevin Rooney and Dryden Hunt to start Saturday afternoon. When Kakko went down with a lower-body injury early in the first, however, Lafreniere took some shifts on the third line and recorded the first multi-goal game of his career. “Just play my game,” Lafreniere said of how he approached his return to the lineup. “That’s what I want to do. Play with confidence, try to make plays and try to be responsible, too, in our zone. Feel the puck a little bit and make a couple of plays and after just play.” Lafreniere said he thought it was beneficial to take a game off and watch from the press box. It certainly looked as if Lafreniere was refreshed and reset, which ultimately resulted in the prettiest goal of young NHL career. “One of those where you kind of just tip your hat, what a goal,” Frank Vatrano said. “I kind of had a front-row seat to it, so it was pretty special. Special goal. Great player, huge game from him.” Fourth-liner Ryan Reaves was scratched for the first time in three games, in favor of Lafreniere. … Defenseman Patrik Nemeth returned to the lineup after being scratched in the last three. He replaced Justin Braun on the third pair, next to rookie Braden Schneider.