Puffy-cheeked, bleary-eyed and with huge lips that seemed to grow menacingly as she approached the camera, Madonna’s visage in an April 3 TikTok video, set to the tune of her song “Frozen,” stirred up plenty of controversy. Some wondered whether she’d gone overboard in tweaking her appearance in a desperate attempt to stay young. Others deemed this her latest calculated move to ensure people are still talking about her. Friends — who admit the singer hires people to “remove any sign of a wrinkle” on her social-media photos — say it’s a lot of both. “She works hard on staying younger looking because she likes to feel younger,” said a dancer friend of the 63-year-old star. “She hangs around with younger people because she finds people her age stuffy and boring.” It is also why she prefers young lovers: Her present squeeze, since 2019, is her former backing dancer Ahlamalik Williams, 27. “Neither of them minds the age gap, so what does she care about people who do?” the source added. “It isn’t a serious relationship — they often live apart — but they enjoy spending time with each other and Madonna feels energized when she’s with him.” But even as she continues to battle time on her face, it seems her age is catching up with her in some ways. The friend said that Madonna went through a change of attitude after she had a fall while performing in Paris in 2020, leading to knee surgery and months of having to use crutches. Since then, she has given up much of her famously tough exercise routines and is letting it all hang out — a little. “She still keeps well and eats healthily but is relaxing and letting things go a bit. She’s enjoying life across her three main bases in Lisbon, New York and London,” said the friend. “She even has the odd drink. She isn’t quite as controlling as she once was, and she’s getting on well with all of her kids, which makes her happy.” Madonna has always pushed boundaries, but growing old gracefully doesn’t appear to be one of them. Last November, Instagram removed a photo of the singer lounging on a bed in fishnets, S&M-stye underwear and with her nipple hanging out. She’s also posted photos of herself on the toilet and naked in the bath. Yet for all that openness, the singer has never spoken about having fillers, plastic surgery or other work done. Although in June 2021, she did post a video of a Madonna impersonator singing “Oh my god, just shut the f–k up” as a response to a comment about plastic surgery. “She has obviously looked after herself well over the years,” said leading cosmetic surgeon Dr. Paul Banwell. ‘Some of her youthful looks are definitely down to intrinsic beauty, good genetics and a healthy lifestyle. However, the recent TikTok video does perhaps suggest cosmetic enhancement, too. “The shape of her face seems to have changed somewhat. [There’s] perhaps some swelling which is sometimes a sign of having had work done. And just from assessing the video, it seems she may have had some anti-wrinkle injections as her forehead is quite static, however, her upper eyelids look to have dropped. The size of the lips also appears to have increased significantly.” Besides those possible changes, Madonna tends to lean toward filters and Photoshopping on her social media photos. (She’s also been accused of having her head digitally added to a much younger woman’s body in a photo.) In real life, she often sports huge sunglasses that conceal a swath of her face. “She has a team of people who work on filters for all of her social media posts to remove any sign of a wrinkle,” the friend alleged. “She gets a lot of flak for that. But that doesn’t mean she’s unhappy with where she is. She’s having some fun with it. She’s always loved attention and this year she wants to grab it more than ever.” This year marks four decades since the world first became aware of the bottle-blonde ambition of the Detroit dancer who came to New York City with $35 in her pocket and took the world by storm. Her first single, “Everybody,” was released in October 1982 and swiftly followed by a stream of hits even as she proved that her greatest talent was not singing, but self-publicity. As several of her contemporaries from those early years — Michael Jackson, Prince, George Michael, Whitney Houston — have passed away, sources speculate Madonna is more eager than ever to remind people she is still around. She signed a major deal with Warner Music Group last year for her back catalog, which will see the re-release of many of her old classics this fall, and that’s one reason why she back to grabbing attention on social media. “So far it feels a bit like her anniversary year has kind of fallen flat, so it’s no surprise she’s taken matters into her own hands,” said the friend. “She’s determined as ever to stay relevant.” The star is also working on a biopic of her life, which she has co-written and will produce and will direct. According to a March story in The Hollywood Reporter, actresses Julia Garner and Florence Pugh are the frontrunners for the role — which has been putting them through a grueling bootcamp. If Madonna has her way, talking about odd TikTok videos is just the start of the conversation about her this year. “She’s one of the biggest stars on the planet,” said her friend. “And she feels its about time she gets recognized for what she’s contributed to the music industry and achievedover the years.”