A former state lawyer claims he was fired for cooperating with the sexual harassment probe that forced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo from office — and also blames his ouster on “reverse sex discrimination” after he joked about the matter with a female colleague. In a retaliation and discrimination suit against the state, Craig Herskowitz — who worked as an assistant counsel in the governor’s Manhattan office — says he “corroborated some of the allegations” against Cuomo during an April 1, 2021, interview with the state Attorney General’s Office. During the sit-down, Herskowitz, 40, says he was represented by former New Jersey US Attorney Paul Fishman, who was hired to represent Cuomo’s staffers amid the attorney general’s probe. Fishman “reported directly” to Cuomo’s acting counsel, Beth Garvey, and he allegedly “informed her of the nature of Plaintiff’s testimony” afterward, according to Herskowitz’s Manhattan Supreme Court filing. After AG Letitia James released her bombshell report against Cuomo on Aug. 3, accusing him of harassing 11 women, an unidentified female executive assistant joked to Herskowitz that she “felt left out because the Governor never sexually harassed her,” the suit says. In response, Herskowitz used “the same tone” and told the woman that she “should have come forward with the information because it would have cleared Gov. Cuomo of the allegations against him,” court papers say. Three days later, Garvey called Herskowitz and told him to report to the Governor’s Office of Employee Relations in Albany, where he was questioned about having received anti-sexual harassment training, which he did not recall, according to the suit. The GOER official who interviewed Herskowitz allegedly “appeared disinterested in his responses,” including his assertions regarding “the context of the conversation” with the executive assistant. On Aug, 12, Garvey called Herskowitz and fired him, saying the governor’s office had adopted “a ‘zero-tolerance policy’ toward sexual harassment in light of the allegations against Governor Cuomo and the investigation by the Attorney General,” according to his suit. About two weeks later, Herskowitz received a box containing his belongings from his office, along with two “sticky notes” with messages that appeared to be in the executive assistant’s handwriting, court papers say. One allegedly said, “maybe you can go back to dating shows $$” and the other allegedly said, “You had it coming,” along with a smiley face. Herskowitz is now seeking work as an actor to portray characters between 35 and 45, according to a profile he posted on the Backstage.com website. One of his photos shows him wearing a suit and tie, with what appears to be an official state pin on his lapel. Herskowitz’s suit seeks unspecified damages for alleged violations of the state Human Right Law on grounds that he was retaliated against “for corroborating testimony regarding allegations of sexual harassment” against Cuomo and because his firing amounted to “reverse sex discrimination” in the way the allegations against him were handled. Gov. Hochul’s office declined to comment and neither Garvey, now a partner at the Greenberg & Traurig law firm, nor Fishman immediately returned requests for comment. Additional reporting by Steven Vago