The NFL draft has quickly turned into one of the biggest betting events of the year. Bettors have hundreds of draft props to choose from, so it can be difficult to sift through them all and find the ones that are most profitable. Personally, I bet between 7-10 NFL draft props per year with a few being my top plays. Unlike regular NFL games, oddsmakers don’t always have a big edge over bettors during the draft because everything revolves around rumors over actual information. Below are my three favorite 2022 NFL Draft props for Round 1 based on odds and value. It wasn’t long ago that Alabama OT Evan Neal was the betting favorite to go No. 1 overall to the Jacksonville Jaguars. While that’s no longer the case, Neal is still in great position to be selected in the Top 5. A rumor surfaced recently that Neal’s medicals scared some teams off but more reputable media members said it was false. Neal’s camp has also pushed back hard saying the report is untrue. It sounds like a lot of smoke, so I’m not concerned that Neal will slip on draft day. The Jaguars, Houston Texans, New York Jets and New York Giants with picks in the Top 5 are all desperate for offensive line help. Neal and NC State’s Ikem Ekwonu are fighting to be the first offensive linemen off the board. Houston appears locked in on an offensive tackle at three. However, if the Texans decide to go with Ekwonu, it will be hard for the Jets and Giants to both pass on Neal. Those three teams combined to give up 135 sacks last season and all have invested in young quarterbacks. Another reason I like Neal’s under is because it’s a weak quarterback class. Typically one or two quarterbacks are selected in the Top 5 but that won’t be the case this year. After QB, the two most coveted players are pass rushers and left tackles. Look for those two positions to dominate the first five picks. With four potential suitors in the Top 5 picks, take the under on Neal’s draft position. This bet is all about value. Malik Willis is the favorite to be the first quarterback drafted at -180. However, Willis and Pickett are much closer than the odds are suggesting. Yes, Willis might be the first quarterback off the board, although I really believe teams are split on the two. Some prefer Willis, while others prefer Pickett. Willis being -180 is crazy. He should be closer to -130, and that creates value on Pickett. These odds were much closer until rumors suggested the Detroit Lions were considering Willis at No. 2. I just don’t see that happening. If we get out of the Top 10 with both quarterbacks still on the board, then it’s 50-50 who goes first.  A team that prefers Pickett is just as likely to trade up as one that likes Willis. In my opinion, a team trading up just outside the Top 10 to select the first quarterback is the most likely scenario on Thursday night. The bottom line is no quarterback in this class is considered an elite prospect. So one guy being -180 and the other +160 makes little sense. I’ll grab the value with Pickett. I grabbed Wilson at plus money on this prop a couple of weeks ago but I still like it at -110. Alabama’s Jameson Williams and USC’s Drake London are both threats to be the first receiver off the board but all signs point to Wilson going in the Top 10. This is a deep receiver draft and one thing I like to do is look at player rankings. There are certain draft analysts I trust and when a position is deep, it always catches my eye when everyone has the same player at the top of the list. This is the case with Wilson. He’s clearly separated himself from the other two in the eyes of many respected draft analysts. I find player rankings to be much more valuable than mock drafts because none of us really know who teams will select. Wilson caught 70 balls for 1,058 yards and 12 touchdowns as a junior for Ohio State. The fact that he’s ready to come in and help a team right away gives Wilson an edge over Williams, who suffered a knee injury in the National Championship Game. The Jets have two picks in the Top 10 and need a game-breaking receiver to help young quarterback Zach Wilson. Also, keep an eye on the Atlanta Falcons at No. 8 with Calvin Ridley suspended indefinitely. There is likely to be a run of receivers in the 8-15 range. Look for Wilson to start that run.