BALTIMORE — The Yankees appear to be stuck in a time machine, leading them back to last year — something no one wants to live through again. Their offense, supposedly revamped and reloaded, has gotten off to an anemic start and not even the hapless Orioles are enough for them to sustain signs of life. It resulted in them dropping a series to Baltimore thanks to a 5-0 loss on Sunday, when they mustered just four hits — all singles — and not even the Yankees’ pitching staff could overcome the offense’s lack of production. Jonathan Loaisiga gave up a go-ahead, two-run single to pinch-hitter Rougned Odor as part of a five-run eighth inning. “We’re 10 games into [the season],’’ Aaron Judge said. “We’ve got 162. We’ve got to respond. We can’t sit here and mope about it. We got punched in the face today, losing a series here in Baltimore. None of us are happy about it. We have to pick it up.” And it wasn’t just Sunday, as they managed just one run in an 11-inning loss here on Friday against a team that had lost five of six games prior to this series. Other than a brief outburst in the fifth inning of Saturday’s win, when they scored four runs, the Yankee bats were almost entirely silent during the three-game series and have largely disappointed, much like they did throughout 2021. This time, they were blanked by Bruce Zimmerman for five innings, before three Baltimore relievers finished the game. To make matters worse on Sunday, the lack of run support wasted a tremendous performance by Nestor Cortes Jr., who tossed five shutout innings in his second sterling effort of the season. The lefty at one point retired 12 of 13, during which he struck out the side in the second and the fourth — needing just nine pitches to do so in the fourth. He ended up striking out a career-high 12 batters, and whiffed eight of nine until Austin Hays ended Cortes’ day with a line-drive single just over a leaping Isiah Kiner-Falefa to lead off the bottom of the sixth. With the game still scoreless in the seventh, the Yankees went to their left-handed bats that began the day on the bench, with Anthony Rizzo and Joey Gallo leading off against right-hander Dillon Tate. But Rizzo struck out and Gallo lined out into the shift. Baltimore broke through in the eighth against Loaisiga, as Ryan Mountcastle led off with a single and Trey Mancini walked. Anthony Santander popped to short and Cedric Mullins flied to left, but Robinson Chirinos drew a 10-pitch walk to load the bases for Odor, hitting for Chris Owings. The Yankees left Loaisiga in the game instead of going to lefty Lucas Luetge — who was warmed up — to deal with the left-handed bat of Odor — and it didn’t work, as Odor singled up the middle to drive in the first runs of the game. Aaron Boone said there was no thought of going to Luetge for Odor. “That was [Loaisiga] all the way there,’’ the manager said. “That was the matchup I wanted. I’ll take him all day long. … He’s one of the best relievers in the game.” But Loaisiga said the inning had taken a toll on him. “With the walks, I’m not doing myself a favor,’’ Loaisiga said through an interpreter of his workload in the eighth. “They make it into a long inning and you start getting tired. I’ve definitely got to work on that.” After Odor knocked out Loaisiga, Luetge came on and allowed a two-run double to Kelvin Gutierrez and Jorge Mateo then singled to drive in another run to make it 5-0. After an off day Monday, the Yankees visit Detroit. “You can’t judge a team off a couple games and a couple bad starts,” Judge said. “It’s gonna be [about] how we respond.” “I don’t get too emotional over a few games,’’ Boone said. “I am confident this offense will be what we should be.”