Let me get this straight, Mayor Adams: If I see a police officer using his cellphone, I’m requested to take picture of that with my cellphone in order to turn him in for doing his job (“Mayor Adams asks NYers to send photos of subway cops using phones on the job,” April 26). Should I ask him first if he is conducting official business using his cellphone? How do I determine what cellphone he is using — personal or department-issued? Should I observe what is on his cellphone screen at the time in order to make a judgment? Lastly, will the city back me up in doing what is requested of me? Please fill me and the public in as to our obligations in this sensitive matter. Andrew Watz Glendale Adams is no better than the prior mayor. With all the stuff law enforcement goes through day in and day out, he tells citizens to take pictures of cops on their cellphones. This is so wrong. There are people who hate cops who will go out to do this. It just gives them another way to attack the police. Please stop this nonsense and worry about cleaning up our city. The trains are a mess. Raymond Grosskopf Cornwall Our mayor criticized the transit police for not doing their job because they were on their cellphones, and asked the public to report officers using for them. Police officers are using cellphone technology to perform their jobs. They are given phones by the city to report everyday activities. The police, as a whole, are having a hard enough time performing their duties; now the mayor decides he wants to attack the police. Joseph Comperchio Brooklyn Beseeching the public to photograph police officers using their cellphones is not only a poor management policy, but is also counterproductive to improving relations between police and civilians. Officers are issued department phones, which are used to communicate and record pertinent information throughout their tour. The public’s assumption of inappropriate conduct on officers’ part when they observe them using the phones needs to be corrected. Perhaps educating the public, instead of threatening officers who are already demoralized, would be a better management strategy. Thomas Urban Wantagh I would suggest that the #MeToo movement died (or at least lost its initial power) when Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand made a mockery of it by using it in a shamelessly cynical, political way to oust Al Franken from the Senate (“Murray KO’d by #MeToo overdo,” Andrea Peyser, April 27). And judging by the backlash (despite being reelected, she lost millions of voters), the public did not appreciate this. My mother was a feminist when Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan were in strollers. And while she agreed with its basic premise, she distrusted the #MeToo movement for its hopelessly inflexible view of interpersonal relationships. Ian Alterman Manhattan While I usually agree with Peyser, she is wrong. Pulling a ponytail or putting an arm around someone is a violation of personal space. It is offensive to any woman who has been poked, prodded and/or “flirted with” that Peyser assumes Bill Murray is being wrongly accused simply because he is one of the “good guys.” Patricia Keane Westhampton Beach Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.