Winners of their last five games, the Vancouver Canucks have played themselves into a genuine must-win spot against the Dallas Stars on Monday night. The Canucks trail Los Angeles by six points for the final playoff spot in the Pacific Division, but Vancouver has two games in hand on the Kings and the two teams play each other to close out the regular season. Dallas does not have its back against the wall like Vancouver, but the Stars currently occupy the last wild card spot with 91 points and have a four-point cushion over the Golden Knights. Additionally, Dallas will want to find a way to finish ahead of Nashville in order to avoid a Round 1 series with Colorado. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Stars -1.5 (+200) vs. Canucks +1.5 (-250) Odds: Stars -115 vs. Canucks -105 Total: Over 6 (+100) | Under 6 (-120) Although the Canucks are rolling right now, the Stars have also been in strong form for the last month, going 10-3-2 in their last 15 games. That said, Dallas only sports a +2 goal differential in that span, which suggests that perhaps the Stars have been just as lucky as good during that stretch. Even so, the Stars have done a good job at driving play over this 15-game run, posting a 52.9% expected goals rate thanks to an offense that is creating 2.77 xGF per 60 minutes at 5-on-5. Despite that 2.77 xGF/60, Dallas is only scoring 2.25 goals per 60 minutes at 5-on-5, so there’s plenty of room for improvement for the Stars. Full NHL Stanley Cup 2022 odds Vancouver’s recipe for success has not changed much since Bruce Boudreau took over the team on Dec. 5. The Canucks have played well enough at 5-on-5 over their five-game winning streak, but there’s no secret that Thatcher Demko’s play in goal is where Vancouver makes hay. Over his last five games, Demko has posted a .932 save percentage and a +3.98 Goals Saved Above Expected. Credit to the Canucks for doing what they had to stay alive in the playoff race in the Western Conference, but I think this price is a little inflated given Vancouver’s five-game winning streak and the must-win situation the team finds itself in on Monday night. Vancouver is a little too over-reliant on Demko and if he isn’t on song, the team will have issues against a Stars team that is quietly trending up. NHL bet: Dallas Stars -120 or better