Totzilla. A woman proved just how back-breaking parenting is after having a baby so big, she literally broke her tailbone while giving birth to him. A video detailing her agonizing delivery boasts 5.7 million views on TikTok. “Breaks my tailbone giving birth,” wrote Sharmin Brunnell, 21, in the clip describing her “massive” tyke. Indeed, measuring 8.6 inches when he was born, her behemoth pride and joy, named Amare, was in the “99th percentile” — meaning he is taller than 99 of 100 newborns. He was also nearly half the height of his 5-foot-1 mom, who didn’t think she’d give birth to such a behemoth given her short stature, the Sun reported. However, Brunnell, who gave birth at age 19, believes that her 6-foot-3 husband is to blame for her colossal offspring. “My 5ft 1in self getting married to a 6ft 3in man thinking our height difference is so cute,” she exclaimed. It proved to be anything but cute after Brunnell broke her tailbone when she delivered Amare, which she attributes to doctors making her lie on her back while giving birth. She reportedly suffered from the injury for two years, which she described as “the worst pain I’ve ever felt in my life,” per another clip. The hurdles have continued post-partum as well: While only two years old, Amare wears wear clothing fit for kids aged five to six. Needless to say, her birthing fiasco struck a chord on TikTok with one gawker exclaiming: “Wow. I’d be like no more kids. That’s too much.” Another sympathized with her plight, writing: “THE GASP I JUST GUSPED I’m 5’0 and my bf is 6’6.” “Childbirth is already painful,” said another. “I can’t imagine breaking my tailbone. I am so sorry!” Despite the ordeal of having such a plus-size progeny, the adoring mom claims that she would “honestly go through it again to have another baby” — and reportedly plans to have three to five children before she’s 30. In another super-size offspring story from 2018, a Texas mom set a hospital record after delivering a whopping 14-pound, 13-ounce bundle of joy.