A fourth bus of illegal migrants arrived in Washington, DC, carrying Venezuelans fleeing from the country’s capital city Caracas. Less than 10 migrants disembarked at the city’s Union Station Saturday. “There’s not just one simple reason for somebody to leave their country and come here,” one 23-year-old migrant told Fox News Digital through a translator. “Because of the corruption and because of the really high food prices in Venezuela right now … You can work for an entire month and only make enough money to feed your family, really, for one day.” “It’s taking away my ability to dream for my son,” the man continued, becoming emotional as he recalled having to enter neighboring Colombia just to purchase food. The migrant said he ultimately hoped to get to Miami, where some of his friends and relatives were already living. The unnamed migrant crossed over the Mexican border and into Texas, where he agreed to be part of the bus journey to the nation’s capital. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has vowed to flood DC with illegal migrants to protest President Biden’s decision to allow Title 42 to expire. The conservative governor has been sending migrants into DC by the busload, which have been arriving all week. The first bus arrived Wednesday with 24 passengers, while a second came Thursday, with 14. By Friday, a third bus with 30 passengers had made its way to the nation’s capital. Title 42, a Trump-era immigration policy, allowed Customer and Border Protection officers to expel illegal migrants without first adjudicating their asylum claims. Abbott has warned that winding down Title 42 would increase the flood of “dangerous cartels and deadly drugs” into the United States. The bus migrants have been granted legal permission to remain in the U.S. while their asylum claims are being processed. They can travel internally as well, provided they are monitored by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. All migrants arriving in D.C. volunteered to be part of the journey. The unorthodox move from Abbott has been criticized by U.S. CBP Commissioner Chris Magnus, who said Thursday the governor was “taking actions to move migrants without adequately coordinating with the federal government and local border communities.” Abbott’s publicity stunt has won a better reception from conservatives, who have been harshly critical of President Biden’s decision to relax Trump-era immigration decisions. “Gov. Abbott’s decision to send migrants to Washington DC is telling conservative voters that red states aren’t going to be the doormat to the failed policies of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris,” GOP political consultant Ryan Girdusky told The Post. “While the effort purely symbolic, it gives GOP voters hope that the republican governors will fight back.”