Basketball fans are in for a treat for as long as this series goes. From Kyrie Irving embracing the villain role in Boston to a dramatic buzzer-beater win, Game 1 implied this series might be the most entertaining of any during the NBA playoffs. Still, Irving put on an incredible show on Sunday – something we could only dream of enjoying in enemy territory. Look for Durant to put on a big performance early to ease the burden from Irving, who was very combative throughout the game as he battled Celtics players and fans all afternoon. ESPN’s insider Adrian Wojnarowski blamed sports betting for the way that Kyrie Irving was treated during Game 1. I would argue it had much more to do with Irving stomping on the Celtics logo and the way he left after a tumultuous two seasons in Boston. Much to Woj’s chagrin, let’s discuss picks for the Nets vs. Celtics Game 2! Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Nets +2.5 (-110) vs. Celtics -2.5 (-110) Moneyline: Nets (+135) vs. Celtics (-160) Total: Over 226.5 (-110) | Under 226.5 (-110) The Nets shot a much better percentage on both field goals (53.8% vs. 47.2%) and three-point attempts (45.8% vs. 36.4%) in Game 1. Brooklyn did concede an early lead to the Celtics on the back of 13 turnovers. They only had three in the second half, which is not coincidentally when the Nets staged their comeback. They had a five-point lead with under two minutes to play. Then the last play happened. Let’s go over that last play. Jaylen Brown started with the ball and wanted so badly to fire up a shot. Surprisingly, he calmed down and backed in his defender while finding a wide-open Marcus Smart. Everyone on the floor, including every defender on Brooklyn and even the Celtics, thought Marcus Smart was shooting that ball. Smart catches everyone off-guard, shot-fakes, and hits Jayson Tatum for the winning layup; who was cutting to the basket for a rebound! The growth of the Celtics has been massive. However, they were on the ropes in such a major way against the Nets. Can they do all of this again? Not sure. Kevin Durant had a bad game and the Nets still should’ve won. Irving looked phenomenal in Boston, showing he isn’t afraid of the hecklers. The Nets had the momentum and clearly got into a rhythm in the third and fourth quarters. I’ll take Brooklyn to win outright tonight. Overall, I expect both teams to split at home and have a 2-2 series after four. Get your popcorn ready, it’s gonna be a wild ride. Nets moneyline +140 (DraftKings)  At -160 I hate laying juice, but Curry looked healthy and involved as a passer and shooter on Sunday. This same-game parlay was placed on DraftKings Sportsbook. They are offering it risk-free up to $10. Derrick White is over this assist total in 13 straight games, Moreover, Seth Curry had a heavy role as a distributor on Sunday with six assists. Lastly, Durant was pushed around by Boston a lot. Expecting Durant to show off his toughness on Wednesday and get into the paint,