FanDuel’s fantastic sign-up offer means new players do not need a bonus code to claim their MLB opening day bonus. New customers can grab a $1000 risk free bet when they sign up to FanDuel Sportsbook, using the link below. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. To say it has been a strange couple of years in Major League Baseball is an understatement. The pandemic uprooted and significantly shortened a 2020 season played primarily in empty parks. Then, following the 2021 season, the lockout froze all big-league transactions for 99 cold winter days. But as Opening Day arrives on Thursday, a genuine and very much welcomed sense of normalcy arrives with it. There are 162 games on the schedule, there will be fans in the seats from the outset, the labor talks are in the rearview and the focus is right where it belongs — on the field, where the greatest assemblage of baseball talent shines. Milwaukee Brewers and Chicago Cubs have the honor of kicking off the new campaign and pits a team building a National League Central dynasty against one embarking upon another rebuilding project. The Yankees game against the Red Sox was pushed back 24 hours, due to weather, but the Mets take to the field against the Nationals at 4:05 pm. Elsewhere in the league the Diamondbacks and Padres have the late slot, and the Braves take on the Reds at primetime. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.