Jenny from the block is coming back to the block. Jennifer Lopez’s upcoming Netflix documentary, “Halftime,” is set to premiere at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on June 8, before arriving on the streamer June 14. The fest will kick off its 12 days of celluloid screenings with the 52-year-old entertainer’s film. The doc’s premiere announcement comes just days after her fiancé Ben Affleck (presumably) got down on one knee. The “I’m Real” songstress’ project will take an intimate look behind the curtain, revealing the grit and determination that makes Lopez a pop culture icon. The film will transport viewers into Lopez’s mind, as she reflects on her milestones and evolution as an actress and artist, including her Super Bowl 2020 halftime show and her appearance at President Joe Biden’s 2021 inauguration. It will also focus on the “Hustlers” actress as she embarks on the next stage of her life and grows her star power as a Latina performer, a mother and as an inspirational voice to others. The film will be screened at the Big Apple’s United Palace in Washington Heights, not far from her former home base, the Bronx. “Powerful storytelling — whether in music, film, or games — encourages us to fight for universal values that bind humanity together. ‘Halftime,’ featuring Jennifer Lopez, reminds us of that,” Tribeca Festival co-founder Robert De Niro said in a statement. “The Tribeca Festival is eager to bring audiences from all over the world together to honor the importance of purpose-driven creative expression.” Festival co-founder and CEO of Tribeca Enterprises Jane Rosenthal echoed the Oscar winner’s sentiments, adding: “We’re thrilled to open with ‘Halftime,’ an inspirational documentary that spotlights Jennifer Lopez’s activism through her iconic Super Bowl halftime show.“ She continued, “Tribeca is proud to feature a wide selection of diverse programming that reflects our commitment to equity and inclusion, and we’re eager to premiere this beautiful exploration of J.Lo’s Latina culture and heritage at the United Palace, just blocks away from the Bronx.” Lopez’s documentary was first announced in February after she signed a multiyear, first-look deal with Netflix involving her Nuyorican Productions last year. The mother of two is living her best life right now, having just gotten engaged to her 49-year-old beau, Affleck. The pair were previously together from 2002 until 2004 but postponed their planned wedding — and later split — due to the extensive media coverage surrounding them at the time. The couple reconnected last year and got re-engaged on April 8. However, don’t expect to learn much about their upcoming nuptials, as they are choosing to keep more details private the second time around.