Her supermodel sister became famous for stripping down to her Calvin Klein underwear — but Lottie Moss says she’s more comfortable wearing nothing at all. The 24-year-old influencer — who is the half-sibling of Kate Moss — opened up about joining OnlyFans in an interview with the “Call Her Daddy” podcast on Wednesday, saying: “I feel most liberated when I’m naked, I feel huge power in just being very happy, being sexual.” Lottie started sharing raunchy content on the adult website last June and has been hitting headlines courtesy of her kinky uploads. Last month, the London-based beauty shared a video in which she reportedly flashed her breasts, showed off her sex toys and smoked marijuana — just weeks after leaving rehab. But the blonde told the podcast that she’s not ashamed of the controversy she’s causing. “I probably should’ve given a little more of a f – – k,” she admitted. “But you know what, I’ve been so afraid to be who I am for such a long time, I’m just gonna do it.” Lottie revealed that she got the idea for starting an OnlyFans account from one of her roommates, who was making money off the site, saying: “I just saw her shoot one day and I was like, ‘This is what I want to do. This looks so fun.'” However, the star was subsequently forced to have an “awkward conversation” with her mom, Inger Solnordal, when she told her of her OnlyFans plans. “Obviously it was hard. Me and my mom didn’t speak for a couple of weeks [after the account started] but then she got over it and we have a great relationship now,” she insisted. But the beauty revealed that her famous big sister was supportive of her racy venture from the get-go. “She [Kate] was like, ‘I’m super proud of you, like whatever you do.’ I think she was also kind of happy that I’m not doing exactly what she’s doing [modeling],” she stated. Lottie spent years modeling for big brands and appeared on the pages of dozens of fashion magazines, but became “very unhappy” in the industry. “I was super insecure. I was a young kid going into modeling at like 13, 14 years old and, I mean, I was told by people in the industry that I had to lose weight to do modeling,” she candidly recalled. “There was one point where I had to do New York Fashion Week and they told me I had to get down to a 23-inch waist,” she continued. “I think I was, like, a 34 hips or 32 hips and they’re, like, ‘You have to get down to that.’ I was 18. I worked out until I got down to that size. I ate one piece of toast a day.” Lottie said she was “surprised” that she didn’t develop an eating disorder while working as a teen model but admitted she turned to drugs and alcohol to cope with the pressure and feelings of self-doubt. “A lot of the time I would show up to set and I would not be happy and I didn’t want to do it. I’d be crying my eyes out and they’d be like, ‘Well, we’ll just get you some drugs and you can have a drink and then you’ll be fine,'” she sensationally claimed. The up-and-coming starlet spiraled, saying: “I couldn’t get out of bed in the morning and it got to a point where I just thought, ‘I can’t do this anymore’ … I was surrounding myself with a lot of negative people, which is what happens when you’re taking drugs, and when you’re unhappy, drugs happen more. It just spiraled out of control.” After a month-long stay in rehab earlier this year, Lottie told the podcast that she’s feeling far more optimistic — although she still struggles with self-doubt. “I never felt good enough and I still struggle to this day with feeling good enough because, I mean, everywhere I go I’m never going to not be Kate Moss’s sister,” she said in an emotional admission. But the star — who came out as pansexual in November 2020 — said she felt confident leaning into her sexual side. “It doesn’t matter what gender, what sexual identity they are. I just love people,” the influencer declared. “It’s all sexual liberation, genuinely, for me.” However, while she’s happy to tease her OnlyFans subscribers, she’s vowed to stop short of going all the way on camera. “I’m not gonna have sex on there,” Lottie declared. “That’s the one thing.”