The Jets got themselves some Big Apple Sauce. Gang Green selected Cincinnati cornerback Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner with the No. 4 overall pick in the NFL draft on Thursday night, their first of three first-round picks, giving a boost to a defense that was the worst in the NFL last year. “This is where I want to be,” Gardner said. “I want to be a New York Jet. It’s a blessing to be able to be part of something special.” Gardner, 21, did not allow a touchdown in his college career when he was the primary defender. He gives the Jets’ defense, which was ranked 32nd in yards and points in 2021, an immediate boost and becomes their No. 1 cornerback when he walks in the door. The Jets addressed the offense with their second first-round pick, selecting Ohio State wide receiver Garrett Wilson with the No. 10 overall pick. The Jets then traded back into the first round — sending a second-round pick (No 35 overall), a third-round pick (69) and a fifth-round pick (163) to the Titans in exchange for the 26th pick and a third-round pick (101) — to take Florida State edge rusher Jermaine Johnson II. It is the first time the Jets have had three first-round picks since the 2000 draft. Jets general manager Joe Douglas said the three players were all ranked in the Jets’ top eight players in the draft. “We got better tonight,” Douglas said. There had been some thought that the Jets would not draft a cornerback because they are not as highly valued as edge rushers in coach Robert Saleh’s system. But Douglas opted for one of the cleanest prospects in the draft in Gardner. There were not many knocks on Gardner for his performance on the field or his character off of it. Gardner hopes to keep his streak alive in the NFL of not allowing a touchdown. Get the latest updates on every New York Jets pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, plus hometown analysis from the New York Post.  “I feel like I can,” Gardner said. “I make sure I put all the extra work in and study film a lot leading up to game week, doing the little things right, stay consistent with my technique. I feel like that was the result of it. I feel like I’ll be able to keep it up.” The Jets chose Gardner over N.C. State offensive lineman Ickey Ekwonu, who was still on the board when they drafted. Gardner was the fourth defensive player to start the draft behind Travon Walker to the Jaguars, Aidan Hutchinson to the Lions and Derek Stingley Jr. to the Texans. The Stingley pick was a surprise and may have made the Jets think they needed to take Gardner at No. 4 or risk not being able to land a cornerback at No. 10 with their second selection. The AFC East got tougher in March when the Dolphins acquired wide receiver Tyreek Hill from the Chiefs. The division now has Hill in Miami and Stefon Diggs in Buffalo. Gardner was asked if he’s up to the challenge of guarding them. “Most definitely,” Gardner said. “I’m going to just keep working hard so that way I’ll be able to handle those tough tasks”. Gardner, who grew up in Detroit, was a three-year starter for the Bearcats. He allowed just 6.6 yards per reception in 2021, according to Pro Football Focus. He had nine interceptions in his career and 16 passes defensed. Gardner was a three-time All-American. Quarterbacks mostly stayed away from the 6-foot-2, 188-pound Gardner last season. He saw just 11 percent of the defensive targets last year. “Sauce can do everything,” Saleh said. “He can play zone. He can play man. He can win in crunch time. He can run with the fastest guys. He can defend the biggest guys. He’s elite and we’re really fortunate that we got him at 4.” The Jets had not drafted a cornerback in the first round since Dee Milliner in 2013. They have been piecing things together at the position in recent years through free agency (Darrelle Revis, Antonio Cromartie, Trumaine Johnson) and late-round draft picks like Michael Carter II, Brandin Echols and Bryce Hall, last year’s starters. The Jets signed D.J. Reed in free agency so their cornerback group will have a completely new look in Saleh’s second season. The Jets had just seven interceptions in 2021. Only one team had fewer. Of those seven interceptions, only two were by a cornerback — both by Echols.