The best things in life are free — and this property at least potentially costs nothing. A Durango, CO luxury ranch previously listed for $20 million is hitting the auction block next month with no reserve. The starting bid? $0. “Unlike many mountain-area homes and ranches sited on parcels comprised of mixed, unfriendly terrain, the ranch’s 200 acres largely consist of gently rolling grounds, allowing for easy walkability and true enjoyment of the great outdoors and mountain views,” Platinum Luxury Auctions founder and president Trayor Lesnick told The Post of the residence, which the auction house is putting on the block Friday, May 6. In addition to its lush and sprawling acreage, the Ute Junction Ranch also has two heated barns — one a horse barn with a fenced pasture — and “abundant” car and equipment storage. The main residence features seven bedrooms, seven bathrooms, an elevator, temperature-controlled wine room and six fireplaces spread throughout its 16,000 square feet. The kitchen features hand-hewn cabinetry and counters, the stoned terraces and driveways have built-in ice- and snow-melting systems and the property also includes a 2,700-square-foot, three-bedroom guest house and a 1,700-square-foot, three-bedroom guest cottage. “Just ten minutes’ drive from historic downtown Durango, the ranch offers amenities rare in the region including paved access, a range of terrains from forest to field, and a border abutting 1,500 acres of Ute Mountain Tribe lands,” states a description on the auction house’s website. While both proximate private, the home shares its grounds with a variety of fluffy tenants — namely the duck, elk and deer that freely roam upon it. The estate was built in 2012 by Chicago-based architects Liederbach & Graham, who paved the home’s courtyard with cobbles reclaimed from Chicago city streets. It is ideal for anyone who loves to entertain, at least takes interest in farm life and has a few million to shell out in the extremely likely scenario that the property does not sell for $0.