Less is more — especially for these brides. Rachel Connealy, 26, snagged her ceremony and reception dresses for just $3 and $5, respectively, from Goodwill. “I knew that I wanted something a little bit different,” Connealy, an avid thrifter who lives in Tampa, Florida, told The Post. For her ceremony, she opted for a silky midi dress, and for her reception, a shorter dress with a fun, textured skirt and billowing short sleeves. The dresses required only minor alterations, which the bride took as a sign that they were meant to be. “I wanted to feel like myself on my wedding day, and that would not be with me wearing a dazzly, fancy gown,” she said. While the average cost for a wedding dress was $1,800 last year, some Gen Z brides are saying “I don’t” to spending four or five figures on white gowns they’ll never wear again. Instead, they’re opting for far more affordable options from thrift shops and online retailers. The TikTok hashtag #CheapWeddingDress has nearly 400,000 views, while #CheapWedding has 4.2 million. “I feel like a lot of younger people now want to travel more, or they’re like, ‘Wait, I can put this towards my honeymoon, or I can put this towards an experience,’ ” said Connealy, who went viral on TikTok with her chic, thrifty bridal looks. When Tianalei LoLohea got married nearly two years ago, she found her dream dress on the massive fashion website ASOS. She’d eyed the gown — a glittery frock with a subtle train and billowing long sleeves — for years, and went looking for it after she got engaged. Lucky for her, she found both the dress and coupon that knocked a significant amount off the $300 price tag. The dress was only available in a much larger size size, but no matter. She headed to a tailor to make it work and paid less than $400 for the dress and the alterations combined. “I was just so gung-ho on this vision I had,” she said. The 26-year-old’s mother was initially “pissed” to not have the traditional try-on experience, but got over it. “At the end she loved the way my dress looked, too,” said LoLohea. To prevent such issues, Emily Lewis, 24, held a fashion show in the comfort of her living room, so that close family members could watch her as she tried on various dresses she had purchased online from budget-friendly websites like Amazon and Lulus. The winner was a $130 intricately beaded sleeveless gown from Lulus. “I never thought that I would spend that little on a dress and love it that much,” she said. While Lewis originally thought she’d have the bridal experience of her dreams at a shop, the cost of a traditional gown shocked her. “When I started looking into the actual costs of that, I was like, ‘This is absolutely insane,’ ” said Lewis, who lives in Maine and works in social media. “I couldn’t justify spending thousands of dollars on something I would wear maybe for a couple of hours one day and then never touch again . . . I would much rather put that money into my future or my kids or my home.” Ann Reckley, 25, also didn’t buy into the expensive wedding hype. She found exactly what she was looking for on Shein, a website specializing in cheap, chic fashions for women. She paid just $39 for a satin, mermaid style frock with an open back, but kept the cost a secret. “No one knew how much I paid for it,” she said, adding that no one believed her when she did reveal the price. “People were like, ‘Where did you get it?’ . . . And I go, ‘Yeah, I got it on Shein.’ ” “I kind of proved you don’t have to spend $10,000 to look good,” she continued. “It’s all about the confidence.” Reckley, who lives in Canada and works in finance, went viral on TikTok with the dress, which garnered 4.2 million views and tons of compliments. “It’s OK to not have a $50,000 wedding,” she said. “You can have a $500 wedding and still be happy.” Jazmyn W, who got hitched in a $75 intricately beaded gown from ASOS, sees cheaper wedding dresses as a sign of a generational shift in values. “I think that, in the past, a lot of times people did things for others and not for themselves,” said Jazmyn W. “I think younger millennials, and especially Gen Z, they really just don’t care about what other people think, and they’ve sort of put themselves first.” The Los Angeles-based comedian, who got married five years ago, said she and her now-husband wanted their love and the act of tying the knot to be the “focal point” of the day. “I think the dress is becoming less and less important,” she said. “I think the way that we think about how we spend the money that we really work hard to make is becoming more important.”