The 26-year-old man who has been arrested in connection with the mass shooting in Sacramento that left six people dead reportedly shared a chilling message online after the bloodbath that he had been “hit.” Dandre Martin, 26 — who faces charges for assault and illegal firearm possession — wrote on an account believed to be his, “SMH I’m hit” after the deadly shooting Sunday morning, CBS 13 reported. Several users reportedly asked if he was all right, but he never replied, according to the outlet, which reported that Martin was seen posing with a gun online on another day. Investigators have discovered hundreds of pieces of evidence at the scene, including a stolen handgun. On Monday, police said that “investigators recovered over 100 expended shell casings at the scene.” Martin was arrested as a “related suspect” alongside his brother, Smiley Martin, 27, who was charged with possession of a firearm by a prohibited person and possession of a machine gun. Police have said they do not know if Dandre opened or returned fire. A relative of Dandre told CBS 13 that she is “sad and troubled” by the shooting and hopes the younger brother is not involved with it the way investigators believe he is. Community activist Berry Accius told the station that “some of these guys boast so much about what they want to do and how they are going to do it and tell on themselves.” In 2014, Dandre pleaded guilty to domestic violence in Riverside County, and served 30 days in jail and community service, according to CBS 13. Two years later, he was charged in Arizona with felony aggravated assault and domestic violence and sentenced to two and a half years in the slammer, the outlet said. And in 2018, he was charged again with domestic violence, misdemeanor criminal damage and a felony marijuana violation. He was reportedly found guilty of violating his probation the following year. “It’s probably more complex than any other case in Sacramento history bar the Golden State Killer case,” Sacramento defense attorney Jennifer Mouzis told the outlet. She said Dandre could eventually be slapped with serious charges in the shooting.“[Investigators] will often do that when they want more time to develop their case,” she said. “The early arrest gives some indication that they are not struggling with a whodunit.” Mouzis continued: “I think, importantly, because of the loss of life, one or more people may be eligible for the death penalty using a special circumstance of multiple murders. “The police and the DA will be very cautious and proceed in a way to best capture the evidence because of the severity of the potential sentence of one or more people,” she added.