Let’s bring the passion! A new moon in Aries will dawn on April 1, 2022. All new moons bring fresh opportunities and paths to our lives so that we can start a new journey. Read how your zodiac sign will be affected here! For more information on the new moon, check out the information after the horoscopes. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Let me hear you scream, Aries! It’s your favorite time of the year: birthday season! Prepare for the most important new moon of the year to put you front-and-center—your favorite place to be! This lunation will open a doorway to you in every way, allowing you to lay seeds and begin new patterns that will echo out for a year. Contemplate what you’d like to build in this year to come and take actions in the week that follows it. You have extra luck to turn all matters in your favor. Act swiftly. It’s time to chill to the max, Taurus! You tend to be a workhorse, but you also know how to veg out when the time comes. Embrace the laziest side of you now and don’t forget to pamper yourself. This new moon will make you extra tired and could even give you the reprieve you’ve been begging for. Lie low, hit up a spa or just give yourself some time in solitude to meditate. This new moon could spotlight an opportunity to improve your physical or mental health habits, too. Ready to feel P-O-P-U-L-A-R, Gemini? Duh! It’s practically your middle name—especially with the exciting energy of this new moon! This particular lunation highlights your social life and could bring a flurry of fun and invites to you, as well as give you a chance to shake it up and mingle with some hotties! Networking in any way could go well for you now. Find people who can open doors to your greatest aspirations. They’re out there and they’re also looking for you! Eager to see your name in lights, Cancer? Well, the good news is that you very soon could! This new moon will open a doorway to you in your professional life, bringing opportunities for success, recognition and higher steps on the career ladder. A promotion or new project could float your way—or a new job offer altogether! Plot out how you’d like to ascend your throne and build out the A to Z plan. Seize the day and take action! What lies just beyond your perception, Leo? A whole new world! This exhilarating new moon will pave the way for you to branch out into new territory in every way. You’ll feel the call to adventure, which may push you to travel, go back to school or connect with people very different from you. Consider how you can go on a journey. It will open your eyes and give you flight! It’s time to get vulnerable, Virgo! Open up your heart, soul and body to someone who gives you the right kind of TLC. While committed Virgos will likely enjoy this a bit more, every one of you will be feeling a bit more sensual and sexual, as well. On a less intimate note, this new moon could also turn your focus toward your assets, investments, settlements or taxes—giving you a chance to plot out new long-term strategies. Go for it! You + them = heart eyes, Libra! This new moon will open a doorway to you in regards to relationships. For those already together, you may decide it’s time to make new long-term plans together, such as moving in, getting engaged or wed or plotting out the shared vision you have for the year to come. If single, you have an excellent chance to find someone with staying potential—put yourself out there! Prepare to get busy, Scorpio! This new moon is activating your productivity sector, which will fill your calendar with projects, plans and responsibilities! Don’t feel overloaded, though, because if you map out your vision, you’ll surely be able to juggle it all! This energy will also activate your employment, giving you the chance to impress your boss or coworkers or even look for a new job if you’re unhappy with your current situation. Last, you’ll have a blast of energy to pursue health, diet and fitness goals now, too. Let the passion erupt, Sagittarius! This new moon activates your sector of fun, dating, fertility and creativity! Singles have an excellent chance to meet someone new, so line up hot options and put yourself out there. For those already attached, use this feisty energy to reignite your spark, spend time with your kiddies or try to conceive. You’ll also have more opportunities to enjoy sports, art and recreation, too! Change is coming to your home, family and domestic life, Capricorn! This new moon will give you a burst of energy to shift things in a new direction. Some of you may decide to move, switch roommates or even just redecorate your space. Spending time in your sacred energy will be important now. Prioritize connecting with your family and you could grow significantly closer in the year to come. Prepare for a burst of ideas to electrify your mind, Aquarius! You’ll be filled with excitement as you now pursue a new communications related endeavor. Whether you’re writing, speaking, advertising or just revamping your portfolio, know that you have the vision and message that people are eager to listen to! Wealth could soon be yours, Pisces. This new moon will give you the fuel to make more money and revise your budget. Use its energy to adjust your income and expenses, as well as think of the long-term. Cut out unnecessary waste while also contemplating ways to add extra cash in your pocket! New moons happen usually once a month and mark the beginning of a fresh lunar cycle. Astrologically, we see them as the onset of new patterns and journeys, usually opening a doorway to us depending upon where they link to our Rising and Sun signs. While new moons often bring something to you that hadn’t been there prior—such as an offer or opportunity—they are strongest in the seven to ten days that follow it. During this time, it is essential for us to take actions and make plans that we would like to see grow not only within the coming monthly lunar cycle, but also in the six to twelve months ahead. New moons echo the themes of a full moon that fall in the same zodiac sign. The new moon in Aries (11 degrees) arrives on April 1, 2022 at 2:24 A.M. (Eastern). The energy of this Fire sign will bring a surge of excitement and passion to our lives, as we will be inspired to take the leap and move in a new direction. Aries is the first zodiac sign on the wheel, encouraging us to strike out into new territory, launch new projects and envision what we’d like to tackle in the year to come. Aries energy is bold, passionate and adventurous, allowing us to assert our egos and pursue our innermost desires. Ruled by Mars, Aries is aggressive, impulsive and assertive—bringing to mind the image of “the early bird gets the worm.” Use this lunation to look at your vision board and start to make it happen! Carpe diem—there is truly no better time to start than the present. When it comes to important astrological aspects that will affect this lunation, there are a few that will blend their vibration with that of the new moon—echoing their energy for the coming six months. First off, the new moon will be united with Mercury, the planet of communication, bringing a highly intellectual frequency to our daily lives. We will have the strong logic and critical thinking skills to make sound judgments. We will likely be very busy with business, conversations, meetings and social activity. This is an excellent period to share ideas and make long-term plans. Negotiations and contracts will go well. Mars, the planetary ruler of this lunation, will be in a separating conjunction with Venus, bringing a significant focus to intimacy and relationships. However, Mars will be in an applying conjunction to Saturn, the planet of challenges and hardships. On one hand, this means that we may feel blocked in our plans and notice deep frustration and anger building within us. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars We may feel a destructive urge to challenge those who oppose us or may instead be at the mercy of a dangerous situation or competitor. The best way to transmute this energy is to use logic and balance to funnel this fiery intensity into hard physical work or career endeavors and focus on being productive rather than ego-driven or impatient. A final thing to note will be that Jupiter and Neptune will be drawing close to one another at this time, too, bringing us an opportunity to truly tap into our spiritual intuition. If we do so, we can better handle the cosmic weather. The actions that are taken near this time will likely manifest near the full moon in Aries (16 degrees) on October 9, 2022. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.