Mainstream news outlets and even the White House itself are ramping up claims that President Joe Biden had nothing to do with the corruption his son Hunter and brother Jim may have been involved in. The more they protest, the more the public should suspect another coverup. “The president is confident that his family did the right thing,” Biden’s chief of staff Ron Klain assured Americans Sunday. But “these are actions by Hunter and his brother. They’re private matters. They don’t involve the president. And they certainly are something that no one at the White House is involved in.” (How can the prez be confident when he’s always insisted he knows nothing about any of Hunter’s dealings, but does know his son made a host of terrible decisions under the influence of drugs and booze?) CNN White House correspondent John Harwood huffs that there’s “zero evidence . . . President Biden has done anything wrong.” A Washington Post news story that finally acknowledged the possible corruption first reported by this Post 17 months earlier stresses that the WaPo found no evidence “Joe Biden personally benefited from or knew details about the transactions” with Chinese energy company CEFC. Its editorial board insists revelations about Hunter’s “sleazy self-dealing” don’t “vindicate or villainize any party except [Hunter] Biden himself.” If they found no evidence, they didn’t look very hard. As Miranda Devine and others have shown, the now universally “authenticated” laptop holds plenty of evidence to suspect the president knew something about Hunter’s dealings and that he himself might have benefited from them, directly or indirectly: “There are credible reports of wire transfers in the millions” thanks to e-mails on the “laptop from hell,” as well as “guys like Tony Bobulinski who credibly describe a kickback scheme with the now-sitting president of the US as a beneficiary,” notes Jim Trusty, former chief of the Justice Department’s Organized Crime Section. Indeed, the clear reason these outlets are finally on the story at all is that Hunter may be indicted. The Washington Post, whose motto is “Democracy dies in darkness,” needs an excuse for why it left its readers in the . . . dark before the 2020 election, and for more than a year afterward. “Is The Washington Post supposed to report on a hard drive that it did not have at the time?” whines the paper’s deputy editorial page editor, Ruth Marcus. The WaPo also claims it sought to be cautious after Russia spread disinfo in 2016. Please. That paper, and others “news” media, didn’t even try to corroborate our stories — they sought to discredit them, citing pro-Biden former intel officials to cast doubt on them. And none of these outlets showed any caution on the Russia collusion story, which in fact was a complete hoax (disinformation commissioned by the Clinton campaign). Now, forced to admit our scoops were solid, they’re still insisting Joe Biden’s hands are clean. The White House, too, is now racing to exonerate the president, as Klain tried to do Sunday. Yet why comment at all if Joe wasn’t involved? Fact is, Joe Biden’s protectors attacked our totally legitimate stories to spare him damage — and they’re stressing his “innocence” now for the very same reason. Fair warning: This paper will continue its dogged reporting and won’t hesitate to publish what it finds. If other news organizations truly don’t want to keep their readers in the dark, they’d do well to do likewise.