Mayor Eric Adams refused Thursday to rule out supporting a controversial recommendation that the Big Apple’s rent regulator approve major  hikes — as much as 9% over two years — for stabilized apartments. “We don’t want to aggravate the eviction process, but we also got to look at small property owners,” Adams said during an unrelated press conference in Manhattan. “You know, if you are a mom-and-pop that owns a 10-family unit, and you have, you know, your electric bills are going up, your water bills are going up, this is your only source of income.” Adams spoke a week after the Rent Guidelines Board received a staff report calculating that rents for stabilized buildings would need to rise by between 4.3% and 9% for two-year leases in order for landlords to maintain their current profit margins and repairs. One-year leases for the roughly 1 million rent-stabilized apartments in the five boroughs — roughly one-third of the city’s entire housing stock — could jump by 2.7% to 4.5%. “We must be fair here,” Adams added, “allow tenants to be able to stay in their living arrangements, but we need to look after those small mom-and-pop owners.” The rent board has until June to make its final determination. If the suggested increases are approved, it would be the biggest bump in rent for stabilized apartments since at least 2013. Rent stabilization typically applies to buildings with more than five units built before 1974, so many properties owned by small landlords are exempt from the regulations. All nine members of the rent board are appointed by the mayor. So far, Adams has appointed three of the current membership. The remaining six are holdovers from former Mayor Bill de Blasio’s tenure, during which rents were frozen three times and hikes stayed in the low single digits, generating protests from landlords who claimed they were being squeezed. Housing advocates and the City Council quickly tore into the suggested hikes after they were floated last week, with Speaker Adrienne Adams (D-Queens) calling the proposal “unconscionable.” “With the eviction moratorium and other protections expired, it is unconscionable to propose a rent increase of up to 9% for renters, which would only exacerbate the housing and homelessness crises confronting our city,” she said in a statement.