You can probably live through your whole professional life without gaining proficiency in Microsoft Excel. But why do that when knowing the ins and outs of the program can help boost your employability and broaden your career prospects? Since most workplaces use Excel on some level, proving that you have the know-how can take you one step ahead of the competition and even open you up to new roles, especially in the finance and project management sector. Being a master at navigating spreadsheets also does wonders for your productivity. If you’re adept at tackling complex spreadsheets, you can use your skills to your advantage and improve your day-to-day by automating your tasks, building inventories, tracking spending, staying on top of your fitness goals, and so much more. But if you happen to only have a basic knowledge of Excel, the 2022 Complete Microsoft Excel Expert Bundle packs 12 courses zeroing in on the various features of the software to help beef up your skills. It’s currently on sale for 99% off.  Put together by Stream Skill, an e-learning platform that has helped thousands of people across the world gain mastery of Microsoft programs, this training collection is specifically designed to improve your skills in sorting, analyzing, and visualizing datasets. It kicks off with lectures on advanced formulas, and then jumps right onto an introduction to advanced VBA, where you’ll learn how to automate tough and time-consuming Excel jobs. You’ll also be acquainted with PivotTables to perform data analysis tasks quickly and efficiently, as well as Power Pivot, Power Query, and DAX, a function suite that allows you to manipulate, analyze, and evaluate millions of rows of data. For complete beginners, the bundle also offers a solid primer on Excel’s basic functions, so you can expect to learn how to set up workbooks, how basic formulas work, how to move data around, and so much more. With courses rated as high as 4.7 out of 5 stars, you know you’re under the guidance of true experts. Usually $4788, the 2022 Complete Microsoft Excel Expert Bundle is now on sale for $34.99. Prices subject to change.