David Weiss, the US attorney for Delaware, seems to be leading a genuine investigation of Hunter Biden: Prosecutors taking the case to a grand jury the other day even asked a witness about “the big guy,” for whom Hunter and his partners had reserved a 10% cut of one potential (and lucrative) deal. No one familiar with the case has suggested who the “big guy” might be if not now-President Joe Biden, and at least one of the partners has confirmed it was Joe. Then, too, Weiss is a veteran of the Delaware office, appointed US attorney in early 2018 by President Donald Trump — not a political hack. The only thing at all questionable about his Hunter investigation is why it has taken so long, when the probe actually began long before the last election. Hunter’s bank records on his dealings with the Bank of China, for example, got subpoenaed back in May 2019. For the long wait, you have to assume the blame rests with his superiors in Washington. It would’ve been standard procedure to hold off making headlines in the runup to the 2020 vote, but delays since then likely came at the order of central Justice, namely Attorney General Merrick Garland and his top aides. And that’s where we really start to worry about a finger on the scales of Justice. What if Weiss is ordered to, say, accept a plea bargain that seals all the evidence he’s gathered, no matter where it points? The pro-Biden press will rush to justify such a move, arguing, Hey, Hunter’s already paid the IRS what he owes, so the case would be hard to win anyway. Swept under the rug would be any other crimes, such as lobbying for foreign interests without registering as such — not to mention all the “big guy” questions. Garland himself is usually deemed beyond reproach, but the nation already has clear proof that White House hacks influence his office, and even him. We’re talking primarily of Garland’s outrageous press conference last October siccing the FBI and all US attorneys on parents who dare to cross the establishment at local school board meetings. It eventually came out that the whole thing was ginned up by a cabal of White House and Department of Education staffers, who got outside activists to write and demand such action, with the staff then getting Garland’s staff to bring him on board. Even then, the AG proceeded to dissemble, telling Congress that Justice had never actually used counterterror tools to target parents, when in fact the FBI had asked agents to “apply” a “threat tag” and “track” threats against school officials. It’s easy to imagine White House demands for Garland to leash and muzzle Weiss: Chief of staff Ron Klain, for example, last weekend told the nation, “The president’s confident that his son didn’t break the law,” when it turns out that Klain himself asked Hunter for donations to help out the then-veep back in 2012, which suggests he knows full well that Joe has long relied on Hunter’s dubiously gotten gains. We’ve said before that Garland and his entire office should be cut out of the case, with a special counsel named to oversee it. Now that the investigation is clearly closing in on actual indictments, that need has grown urgent.