Gee, it’s about time they got to the bottom of this 72-year-old sexual myth. Generations of humans have been fooled by the commonly accepted G-spot theory, according to new research released by leading sexual health experts. Now these professionals are considering renaming the elusive erogenous designation — which they claim has “misled” people to think there is an automatic orgasm button. Instead, a new editorial, co-signed by the top three editors of the Sexual Medicine Reviews journal, suggests we refer to it as a G-zone — part of the five “erotic zones” inside the vagina, they write. “We suggest the current term ‘G-spot’ is misleading and therefore inappropriate,” Dr. Irwin Goldstein, editor-in-chief, and his colleagues wrote. The term “G-spot” was coined in honor of mid-20th-century German gynecologist Ernst Gräfenberg, who was the first to describe the orgasmically volatile region —  located a few inches up the “anterior wall of the vagina, along the course of the urethra.” In 1950, Gräfenberg observed that this region of the vagina contained a “distinct erotogenic zone,” Goldstein noted in his reprisal. Three decades later, it was Dr. Frank Addiego and his associates who, in their report on female ejaculation, called the area the Gräfenberg spot, chopped to G-spot, as tribute to the pioneering sexual researcher. “Based on the description by Gräfenberg of the anterior vaginal wall as containing a ‘distinct erotogenic zone,’ we believe that the subsequent use of the term ‘G-spot,’ coined 31 years later by Addiego et al, to be misleading,” the new editorial states. More accurately, the “correct term,” the researchers suggested, would be “G-zone.” Gräfenberg saw three distinct functions of the “erotic zone” he’d discovered — “pleasurable sensations,” “swelling,” and “fluid ejaculation” — though its triggers and location vary from body to body. Goldstein’s commentary suggests that this area is made up of five different tissues — found in different locations of the female genitalia — each serving a different purpose during sex, including the Skene’s glands (also known as the female prostate), urethra, anterior vaginal wall and two areas associated with the clitoris. Sex-positive activists and other experts have long called for a reframing of the bewildering G-spot concept. But despite the new moniker Goldstein offered, the gynecological jury is out on exactly where to find it in yourself or your partner — with some researchers recently comparing it to the legend of the Holy Grail or the lost city of Atlantis. Some frustrated researchers — and women — have even decided that the fabled G-spot does not exist. Meanwhile, sex therapists and other experts have further confused the field by offering an alphabet’s worth of new lettered targets, including the A-spot, the E-spot and the C-spot.