Joe Rogan is back to vaccine-bashing. The podcasting provocateur interviewed premium cable pundit Bill Maher on “The Joe Rogan Experience” this week, and the two critics apparently found common ground on the COVID-19 vaccine. “I don’t trust them to tell me the truth about what they put in there,” said Maher, host of HBO’s “Real Time.” “Most people are giving us too much credit for where we are medically,” he continued. “My point of view is we are still at the infancy of understanding how the human body works. So don’t tell me things like, ‘Just do what we say, don’t question it. When have we ever been wrong?’ A lot.” “All the time!” added Rogan, echoing his guest. Back in January, an open letter, inspired by a particularly egregious New Year’s Eve episode of “The Joe Rogan Experience,” was published online and signed by hundreds of medical experts decrying Spotify for disseminating Rogan’s dangerous “misinformation.” The letter subsequently prompted a high-profile boycott of the streaming platform by musicians including Neil Young and Joni Mitchell. Their accord may come as no surprise amid Rogan’s media portrayal as an agent of “misinformation”; Maher, meanwhile, has steadily alienated himself from the liberal audiences who once counted on “Real Time” as a voice of reason. On his show earlier this year, the 65-year-old former comedian slammed the “medical-industrial complex” for spreading “misinformation” about COVID-19 during the early days of the pandemic, when little was understood about the novel coronavirus. In this week’s conversation with Rogan, Maher also pretended to be a healthcare expert, mockingly saying: “‘We are perfectly certain that this vaccine is safe!’ You don’t f – – king know that!” Rogan built on Maher’s point, noting that pharmaceutical companies that manufacture vaccines bring in an “insane” payoff. He also suggested there is less thorough testing on drugs than some have received in the past. “They’ve taken hundreds of drugs off the market,” Maher said. “All the time,” Rogan responded. “They do it every year.”