In an apparent bid to show he can still toss off a pack of self-aggrandizing lies, disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo recently took to the pages of the Daily News to claim New York would be far better off if he hadn’t been forced out. Since the best lies include some truth, he slammed Gov. Kathy Hochul’s deal to burn $850 million in taxpayer funds on a new Bills stadium, her process that installed now-ex-Lt. Gov. Brian Benjamin and state Democrats’ blatantly unconstitutional bid to redistrict Republicans into permanent impotence. He’s right, too, that New York Democrats face major losses this fall if they don’t mend their ways. But he also memory-holed his own scandals and giveaways to corporate and labor backers, including the hospital industry that prompted his deadly order for nursing homes to admit COVID-positive patients the hospitals wanted to discharge. “Pay-to-play donor connections and conflicts of interest are glaring,” wrote Cuomo. Hah! Joseph Percoco, Cuomo’s longtime right-hand man, got sentenced to six years in prison for accepting bribes in a pay-to-play scheme. Alain Kaloyeros, another tight Cuomo ally, was convicted along with several big Cuomo donors in a bid-rigging scheme involving Cuomo’s signature Buffalo Billion program. And of course the closest he came to discussing the avalanche of sex-harassment charges that drove him from office was a laughable claim that “the Albany establishment wanted me out of office” because “I was an obstacle.” Huh? Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (among others) held out for weeks on pulling the trigger. And Cuomo for most of his time in office worked hand-in-glove with the establishment, signing onto budgets that kept state spending soaring — and included the horrific “no bail” law. If Hochul is hoovering up campaign cash from special interests, she’s only walking in Andrew’s footsteps. And his supposed horror over the gains of the casino industry ignores the fact that he opened that door in the first place. “The window of opportunity to restore faith in New York is closing,” he says, as if his cynicism hadn’t helped destroy that faith. Grow up, sir, and fade away. All you’re doing is reminding New Yorkers of your hypocrisy and hubris.