Some like to shop the trends. Some opt for classic closet staples. Others have a knack for vintage shopping and thrifting. If you’re the latter, you probably love vintage shopping and thrifting because of the hunt. You walk into a store, not knowing what will come your way — until, you spot the perfect piece begging you to take it home. Though sometimes, a trip to the nearest thrift store or consignment shop isn’t possible. Lucky for you, online vintage and thrift stores are very much a thing. So if you’re looking for a new groovy top, a rad pair of bottoms or looking to save big on a designer item that has been lightly used, keep reading to discover a lineup of shopping options that’ll make your retro heart smile. We also included a mix of thrift stores, authentic vintage shops and retro-inspired fashion houses. This way, you get a little bit of everything . So go ahead. Discover your dream vintage dress, perfect pair of heels and luxury designer handbag. With a mission to create a world-class luxury vintage experience, What Goes Around Comes Around offers shoppers top-tier brands and finds. Discover a lineup of coveted 80s and 90s Chanel vintage offerings, dive into the real of Hermés and don’t forget to check out original Gucci tresures. Created by a group of New York City girls who had a love for vintage clothes, Simple Retro  offers closet must-haves. Look forward to floral embroidery, puff sleeves, knit shirts and more. With an entire vertical of authentic vintage goods, you’ll be in love. Score a Burberry trench coat, an original Dior baguette bag and more. Grey Bandit doesn’t only house some of the best, fashion-forward clothing options but is also home to authentic vintage pieces. Find an original Vikings vintage jacket or score an authentic jean jacket. There are a plethora of hidden gems waiting to be discovered. Vintage Dior anyone? The Luxury Closet has vintage finds for both men and women spanning the accessory and clothing scenes. Don’t mind us while we go find our new favorite style staple. Get inspired with vintage-inspired pieces from Cider, the globally-minded, social-first fashion brand. You can find everything from flare bottom sets to two-piece outfit inspired by grandma’s couch. At thredUP, you are not only guaranteed to find a vintage piece worth splurging on, but it will also be from a brand you know and love. Plus, you’ll be upcycling fashion, and there’s nothing better than that. Looking for a vintage Chanel chain belt? What about a vintage Alma Louis Vuitton handbag? Then Rebag is for you. The brand is home to some of the best authentic accessories and bags around, and we can’t get enough of them. Unique Vintage is a dream come true for retro fashion lovers. Find everything from swimwear and shoes to flapper dresses and plus sizing here. Trust us when we say you’ll fall down a rabbit hole of endless scrolling and shopping. We don’t know about you, but we are suckers for vintage Louis Vuitton bucket bags, Burberry skirts and Fendi finds. If you’re like us, we recommend heading to Tradesy ASAP. As part of the brand’s RESELLFRIDGES initiative, Selfridges offers buyers one-of-a-kind pre-loved archive pieces. You’ll be scoring your new favorite vintage obsession while countering wasteful production and harmful retail practices. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.