Artemi Panarin lined up next to Ryan Strome for the first time just 10 games into his first season with the Rangers, and the star winger hasn’t had to play with many other centers since. That was an easy decision for the former coaching staff, led by David Quinn and, now, current bench boss Gerard Gallant. Not only has Panarin expressed his preference to play with Strome, who complements his creative style of play, but the Bread-and-Butter line’s production has given the Rangers a two-line punch for the better part of the last three seasons. However, circumstances change. Strome is set to become an unrestricted free agent this summer, and the cap implications that come with his next contract are too important for the Rangers to mess up. That’s not to say Strome and the Rangers won’t work it out, but it’s seemingly a fluid situation. Bread just may have to get used to a new spread. The past four games have given Panarin a glimpse into what it could be like without Strome, who has been sidelined with an undisclosed lower-body injury. And trade-deadline acquisition Andrew Copp has provided a pretty sight. Copp has filled in for Strome at center in the last four, after skating on the right wing of Panarin-Strome in the previous two. Panarin and Copp have had a hand in four goals together since the latter was traded from Winnipeg. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. On Sunday night against the Flyers, Panarin’s backhanded feed to Copp tied the score in the third period to force overtime. Panarin has also connected with Copp for the OT winner in Detroit two games earlier. The two earned assists on Braden Schneider’s tally in the most recent game against the Penguins in Pittsburgh, while Panarin set up Copp for the 5-1 score against Pittsburgh on March 25 at the Garden. There’s no doubt that Strome elevates his game next to Panarin, and the chemistry the two have built is undeniable — both on and off the ice. Strome is in his fourth season with the Rangers and is an alternate captain along with the rest of the club’s core. Those are intangibles that can’t be bought. But in reality, Panarin can make almost any player next to him that much better. With 65 goals and 121 assists during his Rangers tenure, Strome has the right to shoot for the term and price point he wants. But the Rangers are in a precarious cap situation with key player after key player due for a new contract in the coming seasons. Someone, whether it’s president and general manager Chris Drury or Strome’s agent Pat Morris, will have to give a little in order to make it work — and the Rangers aren’t really in a position to do so. Copp has fit in rather nicely, but the Rangers may not be able to afford the pending unrestricted free agent. Coming off a one-year, $3.64 million deal, Copp may be looking for a multiyear contract that is one tremendous playoff showing away from surpassing the Rangers’ price range. The same could be said for Strome. So will it be Strome? Or Copp? Maybe Winnipeg’s Mark Scheifele, whose remaining two years on his contract at an average-annual value of $6.125 million could be doable for the Rangers. It is yet to be seen, but Panarin will most likely be able to make it work.