Outspoken Oasis frontman Noel Gallagher doesn’t buy into the cult-like fan hype of Harry Styles. Gallagher, 54, blasted the former One Direction member, 28, in an interview with the Daily Star, calling him not a “real musician” and deeming his music “worthless.” The often-blunt guitarist gave his thoughts on singers who found fame on the UK musical competition series “The X-Factor.” ” ‘The X Factor’ is a TV show. It’s got nothing to do with music, it’s got nothing to do with music whatsoever, and anything that has come from that, that’s got nothing to do with music,” Gallagher said. Styles famously made it to the semifinals of the 2010 series of the show alongside former bandmates Zayn Malik, Niall Horan, Liam Payne and Louis Tomlinson. “You’re not telling me Harry Styles is currently in a room somewhere writing a song,” Gallagher continued. “With any joy, he’ll be surrounded by a lot of girls.” He added, “I can assure you he’s not got an acoustic guitar out trying to write a middle eight for something.” The “Wonderwall” crooner previously denounced the “Watermelon Sugar” singer in 2017, when the latter released his first solo single, “Sign of the Times.” Gallagher shook his head at his peers for collaborating on writing songs with younger pop stars like Styles. He told Absolute Radio at the time, “People of my age have let themselves go, they’re fat, balding idiots with fading tattoos. They sit in their garage and write s–te like ‘Sign of the Times’ for Harry Styles. Which, quite frankly, my cat could have written in about 10 minutes.” However, Gallagher stated that his wife, Sara MacDonald, is a fan of Styles. “I don’t mind the song, my wife was falling over herself, ‘Have you heard Harry Styles’ new song? It’s like Prince.’ I was like, ‘Without even hearing it, I can assure you it’s not like Prince,’ ” he said. However, the Styles hate doesn’t run in the Gallagher family. His younger brother and fellow Oasis member, Liam, applauded the “Dunkirk” actor’s work. Liam, 49, told NME in 2017, “I don’t mind it, man. There’s some interesting bits in it.” “Fair play to him,” Liam, who has been in a long feud with his brother, continued. “I’m sure, like, it’s a bigger f–king cost. I’ve got the weight of Oasis still hanging over me and I’m sure I’ll always be that guy from Oasis, so I’m sure he’s carrying an equal weight. If he wants to get out of that pop world and into something with a bit more substance, I think that’s a good thing.”