Controversial entertainers Louis C.K., Kanye West, Dave Chappelle and Marilyn Manson are all up for Grammys at Sunday’s awards ceremony — and a win for any of them could be cringe-worthy. C.K. — who was accused by several women of sexual misconduct — is up for the award for “Best Comedy Album” for his stand-up performance “Sincerely Louis CK.” The comedy special was his first since he admitted in 2017 that he masturbated in front of women without their consent. Also among the embattled nominees is comedian Dave Chappelle, who has faced backlash for transphobic remarks in his Netflix stand-up special “The Closer.” Chappelle is being considered for “Best Spoken Word Album” for his half-hour set on the police-killing of George Floyd, “8:46.” Meanwhile, West could be called up to the stage if he wins any of his five award nominations for his 2021 album “Donda” — even though his planned performance at the show was reportedly pulled over “concerning online behavior.” The rapper has faced scrutiny for harassing his estranged wife Kim Kardashian, cyberbullying Kardashian’s boyfriend, Pete Davidson, and using a racial slur while addressing Grammys host Trevor Noah. West’s collaborator, Manson — who is accused of being a sexual predator — is also nominated for his work on “Donda,” which is up for the “Album of the Year” category. At least 15 women have accused Manson of various degrees of sexual, psychological and physical abuse. He has denied all the allegations through his lawyers. When asked about Manson’s nomination, Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr. said the organization does not weigh personal transgressions when deciding eligibility. “We won’t restrict the people who can submit their material for consideration. We won’t look back at people’s history, we won’t look at their criminal record, we won’t look at anything other than the legality within our rules of, is this recording for this work eligible based on date and other criteria? If it is, they can submit for consideration,” Mason told TheWrap. Still, he said the organization may withhold an invitation to a nominee to attend the event. “What we will control is our stages, our shows, our events, our red carpets. We’ll take a look at anyone who is asking to be a part of that, asking to be in attendance, and we’ll make our decisions at that point. But we’re not going to be in the business of restricting people from submitting their work for our voters to decide on,” he told the outlet. Entertainment-industry insiders have told The Post that Will Smith could lose his best-acting Oscar for his star turn in the flick “King Richard” after slapping comedian Chris Rock on stage during the live prime-time Academy Awards last week. Smith rushed the stage and attacked Rock after the comic presenter made a joke about the “Men in Black” star’s short-haired wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who suffers from alopecia.