From braided rings and chunky hoops to gemstone necklaces and tennis bracelets, the best affordable jewelry brands on the market provide timeless, multi-generational pieces that we’re heart-eyed over. But, the price in the fine jewelry area can be daunting at times, especially when ordering online. Let’s face it — after a while, stock images of rose gold, sterling silver and diamonds all look the same. After consulting with a gemologist to roundup the best engagement rings to buy online, we realized while diamonds are great and all (in fact, they’re a girl’s best friend), there are so many other dainty, paperclip-inspired and colorful options waiting for you to add them to your e-shopping cart. So, we did the research for you, tried out some pieces and corralled the best affordable fine jewelry brands to shop from online. From Mejuri’s minimalist gold to PDPAOLA’s unique finds, your next bracelet, necklace, ring or pair of earrings is waiting for you. Click to jump to a specific retailer: The best dainty jewelry brand About the brand: A NYC-based retailer, founded by Adina and named ‘Adina’s Jewels’ after her late grandmother, after she decided to go big or go home with her hobby of designing and curating jewelry. She’s been “determined to offer a unique line of trendsetting jewelry, at a reasonable cost, to fashionistas all around the world.” I’ve heard of Adina’s Jewels all over social media, so I had to pick up the brand’s Tiny Lowercase Pavé Initial Necklace. In my boyfriend’s initial, the piece instantly turned into something sentimental and special. The brand’s 14K Fine Gold Jewelry collection, in particular, features pieces from $250 to $1,500, with the brand also offering beautiful huggie earrings, dressy cocktail rings and dainty bangles to choose from, among other styles. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for lovers of the timeless gemstone About the brand: One of the fastest-growing jewelry brands in the U.S. Founder Ralphi realized far too many brands made poor-quality pieces overseas at a high rate, so Allurez broke down barriers by bringing “the jewelry customer directly to the source.” With gorgeous pendants, pearls and jewels to choose from, Allurez is your go-to shop for unique yet timeless pieces. While the brand has stunning diamond options, like the Diamond Pave 14K White Gold Bracelet, its investment-worthy selection of aquamarine, sapphire and ruby stones is hard to beat. Shop our favorites: The best eclectic jewelry brand About the brand: A retailer with a mission “to make minimalist and evergreen pieces meant to last at an affordable price point.” Plus, AMYO Jewelry curates its pieces sustainably, sourced from NYC and U.S.-owned businesses and ethically made. If you love thin gold jewelry with a hint of flair, AMYO Jewelry is the brand to have on your radar. From duo-laced necklaces to linked chain bracelets, the sought-after accessory line will complement your best blazer and most flattering bodysuit. AMYO even has a Celestial Collection, which speaks volumes to the zodiac follower in your life. In uniquely crafted moon, star and sun shapes, the pieces add a touch of modern elegance to your look. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for going back to the office About the brand: A retailer that works with heritage artisans in Bali who practice generations-passed handmade techniques. With each piece, founder Becky Hosmer hopes to bring meaning, community and goodness to its wearers. Anna Beck Jewelry has some of the most decadently designed black and gold hybrid pieces we’ve ever seen. From its beautiful Small Grey Sapphire Pendant Necklace to its matching Double Drop Earrings, it would be perfectly styled with a work dress for heading back to the office. On its site, you can shop by gemstone — turquoise, jasper and more — and by metal, including quality rose gold and two-toned options. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for authentic, quality gold About the brand: A jewelry company based on “love, beauty and high karat gold,” Auvere derives from the Italian word avere, which means “to have, to own, to hold, to wear and to receive.” It celebrates the art of wearing, passing it down and celebrating fine pieces. You’ve never seen gold like this before. And, the brand really knows its gold. With a personal favorite that nearly never comes off my finger —the Heartbeat Ring — I’ve been colored obsessed with the luxe feel of 22K gold that’s less than $500. Plus, the brand delivers quality unisex necklaces and chains, bracelets and cuffs and the richest-gold rings with exceptional detail to each piece. And, the high-quality gold jewelry comes in the most luxe-looking purple box. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand with fine pieces just as good as its statement ones About the brand: A retailer honing in on a “whimsical perspective” with its wide selection of baubles (aptly defined as “trinkets, decorations or accessories”). With unique embellishments, it’s one of the most well-priced brands that still delivers quality. You’ve most definitely heard of Baublebar, the hub of statements that add some flavor to your outfit. Well, the brand doesn’t just have champagne flute earrings that are perfect for this year’s NYE celebration (which I can’t wait to wear). The brand has a generous fine jewelry collection, clad with my all-time favorite tennis necklace and some of my favorite four-pack huggies earrings. And, the quality’s certainly there. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brands for quality diamonds About the brand: A retailer that values responsibly sourced diamonds and other gems and was founded by Beth Gerstein and Eric Grossberg with the mission to “raise the ethical standards of the diamond industry and create a new way to buy beautiful fine jewelry.” As one of our top recommended brands for engagement rings, there’s no question Brilliant Earth doesn’t do a “brilliant” job with its fine jewelry. Staying true to its name, the brand is a certified member of the Responsible Jewelry Council and even has its jewelry boxes crafted with wood sourced from the Forest Stewardship Council. Now onto the pieces: it offers wonderful diamond stud earrings, the finest tennis bracelets and hundreds of gemstone rings to choose from, among other styles. If you’re looking for splurge-worthy quality, you got it. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for lovers of plants and nature About the brand: Founded by Catherine herself who studied jewelry making and classical metalsmithing, Catherine Weitzman — the brand — is based on nature travels, sold all over the world (including cruise ships!) and “combines elegance and wearability.” I received Catherine Weitzman’s Large Shaker Necklace a few years ago and it’s the perfect layering piece to pair with a gold choker or smaller-chained necklace. Since I misplaced my original (sorry old fella), I had the pleasure of trying other styles from the brand — and they met the hype. From Mini Botanical Necklaces to coastal-inspired rings, Catherine Weitzman is the site to bookmark for fun, classic pieces with a twist. In plenty of nature-inspired options, I’ve never been happier with the gold and white baby’s breath combo within my necklace. Shop our favorites: The best personalized jewelry brand About the brand: A retailer offering wonderful personalized items, among other pieces, “based off passion and a true love for beauty.” Elise Paige Jewelry places a unique touch on timeless pieces for everyday style. We’re all about the bracelet stacks,  and whether you splurge on the brand’s 14K Diamond Tennis Bracelet or opt for a more affordable, personalized bangle, your arm candy game will always come up on top. Elise Paige Jewelry also offers beautiful chain necklaces, a cuter-than-cute bubble name necklace and precious letter earrings, plus other shop-worthy styles. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand with sleek pieces About the brand: Based in Laguna Beach, Calif., Gorjana “offers jewelry that you’ll live in, love always and layer every day.” And, the brand is driven to give back, including matching customers’ donations and donating jewelry for charity auctions. If you’re all about the gold sling necklace or gold chain trend (but not too chunky), Gorjana has all of its pieces catered just to you. Not into the plain gold bracelet? This half-pearl style is calling your name. Let’s call it straight — Gorjana is one of the most affordable options on this list. Even its fine jewelry edit has a shimmery white topaz ring just over $100. And, you can pick up classic, everyday diamond studs for your first or second hole for only $120. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for bracelets About the brand: An “approachable but unique luxury jewelry brand,” with expert-crafted pieces spearheaded by a father-daughter duo. IceLink is popularly known for its watches so there’s no shock factor that its bracelets are another wrist candy worth investing in. I adore layering the brand’s Mini Tennis Bracelet with its Sideways Cross Bracelet — a combination I always receive compliments on. Aside from wrist accessories, IceLink offers beautiful Cuban chokers, dainty gold and diamond rings and jaw-dropping square diamond studs. And, as far as quality, the less than $150 bracelets look ten times more expensive. Shop our favorites: The best online jewelry brand with exceptional quality About the brand: JamesAllen.com is a premier online fine jeweler that offers a customized diamond selection (earth or lab-created), free resizing if needed and a ring try-on feature that’s like no other. Though we wrote about how JamesAllen.com is a standout for holiday jewelry, we accredit the online jeweler as a wonderful gift for any occasion. With quality diamonds and an endless array of fine jewelry pieces, it’s wonderful if you’re seeking quality and personalization. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for sterling silver About the brand: A household name specializing in “gifts for all occasions,” including diamond and fine jewelry. Jared works with designers like Vera Wang, Pnina Tornai and Le Vian to deliver customized, one-of-a-kind pieces, too. Known for its big brick-and-mortar appeal in malls across the nation, Jared has hundreds, if not thousands, of fine jewelry options to choose from. Offering everything from religious jewelry to pearls, you’re sure to find your next great pick that’s your style and in your budget. Specifically, Jared has impressive selects in the sterling silver department, where the accents and embellishments are a sure step above costume jewelry. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for promise rings and sentimental gifts About the brand: Its “history of love” began more than 100 years ago with its first Pennsylvania storefront and continues to be committed to taking part in “countless love stories from coast to coast.” You’ve likely heard “every kiss begins with Kay” on commercials before, so it’s an unbeatable retailer for sentimental offerings, including couple’s jewelry, promise rings and more. What’s great about Kay Jewelers is its generous price range. And, it’s known for far more than its engagement rings. From on-trend and classic lockets to stud earrings and ankle bracelets, the selection is virtually unlimited. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for necklaces About the brand: Founded by Kendra herself, designer Kendra Scott found a “white space in the jewelry market for quality styles and stones at an affordable price” — so, she set out to create pendants, bracelets and more for a community of jewelry lovers. The brand is also available on Amazon. Popular in the South, Kendra Scott is a tried-and-true favorite that people instantly recognize with its classic pendant necklace and dangling earrings, specifically. I was gifted two neutral shades of the pendant by my mother and sister and they are a lovely addition to a floral outfit. Plus, the black earrings are one of my favorites to wear with a LBD. Plus, how can you pass up beautiful-festive ring set? Shop our favorites: The best affordable, minimalist jewelry brand About the brand: Known for its beautiful hand-stamped jewelry, Made By Mary creates pieces that “embody what’s meaningful to you and connects you to your most precious memories, people and milestones. As a quaint shop, Made By Mary is a lovely option for gifts and meaningful pieces. From dainty disc necklaces to charming beaded and chain bracelets, the brand is the ultimate accessories shop that’s the most affordable we found. While other brands in this edit have pieces as low as $5, Made By Mary is one of the most budget-friendly that maintains great quality. Plus, all of its pieces exude a girly flair. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for rings About the brand: Mejuri is all about empowering women to “buy the damn diamond” yourself, to work toward a 100% sustainable supply chain and to deliver quality jewelry at fair prices. We wrote a Mejuri review highlighting our first impressions of the brand’s rings and earrings and, after much research and deep-dives into its site, the brand is best known for its minimalist, gold rings that are impeccable for stacking. Some personal favorites include the Bold Chain Ring (such a beautiful piece!), the Stacker Ring (great to order a few sizes up for your pointer finger) and the Honey Ring for a sweet accent. Not to mention, all of its pieces are of exceptional quality and can withstand showers, baking and more. Shop our favorites: The best modern jewelry brand for gemstones About the brand: PDPAOLA is catered for “women who own their glow.” It’s an authentic, cool and modern brand worth having on your radar. Designed for the chic, independent and modern aesthetic with a nod toward glam gemstones, PDPAOLA is a brand that’s recently been put on our radar — and one we’re all eyes for. With stunning gemstone rings, dainty lock bracelets and irresistible constellation gemstone necklaces, it’ll add a unique touch to any look and a “where’d you get it” to any gift recipient. And, don’t be turned off if you see a jewelry item in a very large size. The brand goes by European sizing, but it’s easy to convert any style with its size converter. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for bold pieces About the brand: As a one-stop-shop for sterling silver, cubic zirconia and dainty, fine jewelry, Sterling Forever offers a wide variety of styles for a relatively affordable price. Sterling Forever is an online vendor for fine jewelry that curates lovely personalized gifts, stunning sterling pendants and a slew of other offerings that’ll have your fine jewelry game on point. What’s more, the brand’s cubic zirconia rings are one of its bestsellers (which also make great pieces to substitute your engagement ring or wedding band if traveling abroad). Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for crystals and unique pieces About the brand: With more than 125 years under its belt crafting fine jewelry, Swarovski is a household name known for innovative, timeless pieces. Seen in virtually every shopping mall and outlet center, there’s a reason why Swarovski is everywhere you go. Its quality is superb, its pieces are one-of-a-kind and its styles are perfect to gift. I have a gold bracelet from the retailer and couldn’t be happier with how it looks. And, its unique cuff design is unlike anything I own. Plus, you’ll be able to find something you can afford with its specialized brackets that have quality written on every tier. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for a mix of trendy and timeless About the brand: As an LA-based brand, Ten Wilde aims for “trendy yet timeless pieces” and offers sought-after looks for a fraction of the price. Meet the hidden gem on the Internet (pun totally intended): Ten Wilde Jewelry. The brand has us swooning over the eclectic gold chains, gorgeous sapphire pieces and stunning pendants, among a variety of other styles. Aside from neckwear, TW also has square hoops, textured bracelets and the tiniest, most precious rings. Still, we’re shocked at how expensive they look. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for diamond and gold hybrid pieces About the brand: As a jewelry brand that believes in “creating diamond jewelry that inspires beauty, optimism and possibility,” VRAI is a luxe brand specializing in sustainable, refined pieces. VRAI has some of the best engagement rings online, but its selection isn’t limited to matrimony. Its pieces, specifically of gold and diamond, are impressive by a landslide. From jaw-dropping bezel necklaces to dainty bezel bracelets, VRAI offers timeless pieces that are great for days at work, evening parties and special occasions alike. Shop our favorites: The best jewelry brand for earrings About the brand: In business for more than 90 years, Zales offers “everything from simple gold bands to extravagant diamond ensembles. It’s perfectly catered to anyone and for any budget. I swear by my pearl earrings from Zales. Even though they ain’t diamonds, they’re still premier quality. Zales has just about everything you can think of at every price point. Notably, its rose gold rings add the perfect touch of glam, along with its monogram and initial necklaces and beautiful bolo bracelets. But, its earrings are a fan favorite. From dreamy pearls to stunning teardrops, the options are limitless. Shop our favorites: Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.