It’s a backseat driver for brain teasers. In light of many players’ seeming inability to play Wordle effectively, the New York Times has released a “judgmental,” feedback-providing “WordleBot” that critiques users’ techniques and tells them how they could do better. “WordleBot is a tool that will take your completed Wordle and analyze it for you,” wrote the New York Times of their daily brain game, the object of which is to guess a five-letter word within six tries. The online vocab coach — dubbed “Your Daily Wordle Companion” on their site — allegedly helps Wordlers by grading their prowess in each game. It then informs “you at each turn what, if anything, you could have done differently” — think: a nagging mother-in-law if she was an advanced AI assistant suggesting skill tips. The move follows a flurry of complaints from Wordle-weary players, who have deemed the brain teaser decidedly too hard. In February, US users slammed the Wordle of the Day — “bloke” — for being “too British” and, earlier that month, incensed social media users claimed they were unable to win that day’s brain teaser because of too many vocabulary variations. To use the online word wizard, players simply upload the results of their latest Wordle game to the WordleBot site. The namesake helper will then assess their “luck and skill” on a scale of 0 to 99, and contrast their number of steps with the daily average. Next, the WB “chooses the word that will allow it to solve the game in as few steps as possible” and will continue “until only one solution remains — the right answer,” per the Times. That’s no mean feat given the 2,309 possible solutions to each game. Finally, the AI tutor will compare the player’s picks with its own, which seems unfair given the robot’s digitally-programmed Wordle prowess — à la a chess novice going against Deep Blue. In one instance where a player flubbed their fifth try at a word, the WordleBot called their attempt “a wasted guess,” per a screenshot of the feedback. “It didn’t add anything to what we already knew,” the bot scoffed. “We hope the bot’s advice will help you think about Wordle more analytically, which will help you get better at solving the puzzles in the long run,” said the Times, which acquired the game in January. Nonetheless, many Wordlers thought the game was hard enough without a digital heckler. “It turns out, that it *is* possible to hate Wordle more… now you can have a bot judge your choices,” sniped one unimpressed player on Twitter. Another critiqued, “And while I’m in a mood, we don’t need a Wordle Bot. It was going just fine.” “Wordle bot telling me I’m more lucky than skilled is quite the start to my weekend,” lamented another beleaguered brain-game fan. Perhaps they should consider swapping out the cybernetic nitpicker for tutelage from Dame Helen Mirren, who claims she “quite often” solves the puzzle within three tries.