Drew Barrymore has reunited with her “E.T.” co-star Dee Wallace ahead of the film’s 40th anniversary. Wallace, 73, appeared as a guest on “The Drew Barrymore Show” on Monday, with the pair reminiscing about their time filming Steven Spielberg’s blockbuster classic back in 1982. “I knew you were going to be a director/producer back then,” Wallace told Barrymore, 47, after they emotionally embraced onstage. Barrymore was just 7 years old when she starred in “E.T.” — a film that catapulted her to international stardom. Wallace — who played Barrymore’s on-screen mom, Mary — said she was struck by the child star’s plucky personality. A black-and-white photo of the pair appeared on-screen, with Wallace saying of the image: “That was the first day on the set and I’m sitting in this really high director’s chair, and Drew comes up to me and she says, ‘Hi, I’m going to sit on your lap now.'” Wallace humorously went on to recall how Barrymore believed the E.T. puppet was real after she caught the youngster trying to converse with it. “From that time on, [director Spielberg] had two guys on E.T. at all times, so that any time you went over to talk to him, his eyes could work and his head could go up and down and he could respond to you,” Wallace recalled. The pair then discussed filming E.T.’s death scene, with Wallace saying she tried to comfort young Barrymore on set. “Being the mother that I am with all the kids that I work with … I went over and I said, ‘OK Drew, now we’re going to go shoot the scene where E.T.’s dying, but you know he’s not really dying, sweetheart. He’s acting, just like we are, OK?'” she recalled. She then hilariously added: “And Drew looked at me and you said, ‘I know, Dee. Do you think I’m stupid?'” After the show, Barrymore took to TikTok to upload a heartwarming photo showing her embracing Wallace after their interview. She contrasted the image with a near-identical one taken on the “E.T.” set. “E.T.” hit cinemas in June 1982, but 40th-anniversary celebrations are starting early. Barrymore is set to reunite with Spielberg, 75, this week for a special screening of the movie at the 2022 TCM Classic Film Festival. Wallace — who will also be in attendance — told Barrymore she is looking forward to rewatching the film to celebrate its special milestone.