It is 10 games. Or are these Games 163-172 of last year? Because the first week-plus of the 2022 season for the Yankees — notably the team’s offense — have looked awfully like 2021 (emphasis on awful). The Yankees lineup has returned to the realm of big names, huge expectations and puny results. Even the soundtrack is the same as the endless loop from 2021 for this non-greatest hits album — Aaron Boone promising an imminent breakout that never comes. We would call it a double album, but these Yankees don’t produce doubles. With smoke, mirrors and pitching, the club overcame the offensive malfeasance enough last year to still win 92 times and earn a wild card. That they were not worse than .500 through 10 games this year owed to the same combination of parlor tricks and strong mound work. Because they are even worse so far than the 19th they were in runs per game of 2021. This year they have averaged 3.0 runs per game, which was 28th in the majors. Only the Diamondbacks and Orioles, who led the majors with 110 losses each last year and might repeat that, are worse. The question that only will be answered with time is whether this is just 10 games and this lineup will hit to its pedigree. Or was 2021 the new pedigree and what we are seeing in 2022 really is just Games 163-172 from last season? If that is the case, the Yankees might be challenged to even make a playoff field that expanded to six per league beginning this year. Because there is just too much stress being put on the pitching staff. The depth withstood it last season and the Yankees’ pitching looks deep again: Luis Severino and Jameson Taillon appear healthy, and Nestor Cortes Jr. and Clay Holmes are removing concerns that they were flukes. Still, this offense is not giving the pitching any stress-free innings and the main relief assets are being summoned to one close game after another. Throwing one pressure pitch after another for 162 games is a drip, drip, drip recipe to crack. There have been no early leads to support starters. The Yankees have scored in the first inning of just one of 10 games, the same as in the second inning. They have led after just 29 of the 94 innings in which they have played. They have not had a lead greater than four runs and that in just one game. They have had a three-run lead two other times. They have scored multiple runs in different innings in the same game just twice. They are one of five teams yet to score seven or more runs in a game. There are no breathers, no laughers. Just one nail-biter after another. This is to some large degree tied to the inability to deliver a big hit. The Yankees were batting .190 with a .612 OPS with runners in scoring position. It was .091 and .443 with two outs and runners in scoring position. If the Yankees were even just a bit better in the clutch, you could scrub a few losses. They have lost by one run twice, two runs once and in the other two losses they were shut out and lost by three and five runs — but that five-run loss came Sunday in a game that was 0-0 at Camden Yards going to the eighth inning. The two losses in Baltimore to the pitiful Orioles and their hardly superb pitching staff emphasized how little margin for error the Yankees are leaving their pitchers. They scored one run in 11 innings Friday and lost when Aroldis Chapman walked in the winning run. They lost 5-0 Sunday to fall to 1-4 when they have failed to homer in a game. The Yankees knew they were emphasizing defense at the cost of offense by acquiring Isiah Kiner-Falefa for shortstop and teaming Kyle Higashioka with Jose Trevino behind the plate. And sure enough the defense has been better and the offense from these areas has been terrible. Higashioka has not carried over his power bat from spring to the regular season. Big moments keep finding Kiner-Falefa and the ground-ball machine is hitless in eight at-bats with runners in scoring position — seven with two outs. But the Yankees did not get much out of catcher or short last year. They are designed for the others in the lineup to provide heft and that hasn’t occurred with one of the main culprits being the guy they moved off shortstop. The more permanent move to second was supposed to ease Gleyber Torres’ mind and unleash his bat. But he is batting .161. Since the beginning of the 2019 season, he is hitting .251 with a .696 OPS. When is the point in which the Yankees stop rotating players, just make DJ LeMahieu the regular second baseman and put Torres on the bench? Year 2 in New York was supposed to bring familiarity and comfort for Joey Gallo. It only has brought more bad results — a .138 average and no extra-base hits in 35 plate appearances (sixth most in the majors). Aaron Judge, to date, has been just meh, with lots of fly balls not having his usual carry. Josh Donaldson is striking out in 35 percent of his at-bats. As a team, the Yankees are whiffing at the same rate as last year (one in every four plate appearances), but walking considerably less and, with two steals, not yet showing any of the diversity in ways to score runs that was promised. The key word is “yet.” Positively, no AL East team has emphatically broken. Meanwhile, Aaron Hicks, recovered from wrist surgery, has looked better and better. LeMahieu, too. Should that be the 1-2 in the order for a while to see if the Yankees can begin to score some early runs? If this were just 10 games, there would be no reason to even be asking all these questions. But it is possible these are Games 163-172 of the 2021 season.