If we’ve learned anything, it’s that a fresh manicure can fix almost anything. Just take Elle Woods and her emergency nail salon trip for example. After all, it’s what gave us the iconic bend and snap! Because we must revere the great power of nail care, we’re here to share some exciting news in light of the national mani-pedi holiday. Starting April 21 until April 25, Amazon is offering up to 30% off select nail brands, and we are pumped. Brands such as Deborah Lippman, Butter London, OPI, Avéne and Smith & Cult are included in the sale. For more national mani-pedi day fun, checkout our press-on nails roundup and our review of Glamnetic nails. Packed with botanical brightening properties made to even out skin tone, this luxurious hand cream is next level. You might as well buy two to keep one at home and use the other for on-the-go. Want to loosen and soften your cuticles? Try this cuticle pen that works to exfoliate and remove dead skin cells. Say goodbye to smudged nails and hello to these quick dry drops. Simply apply a small amount to each nail to moisturize, strengthen and protect. Trust us when we say you need a moody nail color in your polish collection. We love this shade because it’s a fan favorite and is available in the brand’s iconic Patent Shine 10x formula. Made with plant-based conditioning ingredients, this product helps to soften and exfoliate cuticles with each use. It’s the ideal mani-pedi companion. Your top coat is only as good as your base coat. Set yourself up for success with this base coat infused with horsetail extract, biotin, vitamin B and calcium. Nothing screams both spring and summer more than juicy pink nail polish. You can look forward to seven days of wear and bold color. Featuring both white and red nail polish, this best selling duo is a must-have. It doesn’t have 4.6 out of 5 stars for nothing. Are you wearing gel? Oh, no, it’s just my OPI Infinite Long-Wear Lacquer. Enjoy up to 11 days of stellar wear. There’s nothing like a classic red nail color for the win. It’s long-wearing, high-shine and smooth. Get ready for even coverage, immaculate shine and chip-resistant color. Best of all, this lilac color is ideal for the spring and summer. Is there anything more fun than a metallic nail color? We don’t think so, and we are obsessed with this Smith & Cult option. Just imagine it under the sun! Bring those dry, cracked hands back to life with this restorative hand cream. Best of all, this hand cream helps restore the skin’s cutanous barrier. Sure, this is a body scrub, but gently applying some to the hands can help refine hand texture and add radiance. So, don’t mind if we do! Enjoy a rich and creamy hand cream that silky but never greasy. At this sale price, you might as well stock up while you can. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.