President Biden as well as Republican and Democratic members of New York’s congressional delegation expressed horror and concern over Tuesday’s shocking Brooklyn subway shooting that left at least 29 people injured, 10 of them with gunshot wounds. “Jill and I, my wife Jill and I, are praying for those that are injured and all those touched by that trauma,” Biden said at the top of an afternoon speech in Menlo, Iowa, “and we’re grateful for all the first responders who jumped into action — including civilians, civilians who didn’t hesitate to help their fellow passengers and try to shield them.” Biden added that his staff had been in touch with Mayor Eric Adams and Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell “and the Department of Justice and the FBI are working closely with the NYPD on the ground.” “We’re gonna continue to stay in close contact with New York authorities, and as we learn more about the situation over the coming hours and days,” said the president, who later vowed: “We’re not letting up on it until we find out, and we find the perpetrator.” Adams, who is isolating at Gracie Mansion after recently testing positive for COVID-19, condemned what he called “a senseless act of violence” during an afternoon interview with CNN and praised transit workers and ordinary commuters for their quick responses to the shooting. “I believe lives were saved, based on the actions that we witnessed on some of the amateur video that was released,” Hizzoner said. “You saw passengers coming to the aid of each other and I just cannot thank New Yorkers enough for how we responded.” Get the latest updates in the Brooklyn subway shooting with The Post’s live coverage. As initial details of the shooting emerged Tuesday morning, lawmakers including Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis and Democratic Rep. Nydia Velasquez said they were also monitoring and gathering information. “We are praying for the safety of those involved along with our first responders on scene as we await more information,” Malliotakis tweeted. “I am horrified by the attack in Brooklyn,” Manhattan and Brooklyn Rep. Jerry Nadler tweeted. “I am closely monitoring the situation and am in communication with the FBI. My thoughts are with the victims and first responders.” At the same time, Senate Majority Chuck Schumer (D-NY) urged New Yorkers to “Stay safe.” “I’m closely monitoring the situation this morning at the 36th Street station in Sunset Park in our beloved Brooklyn,” he wrote. “I’m praying for all the victims, their families, all those impacted. I’m grateful for the quick action of our first responders. To everyone in New York: Stay safe.” Fellow New York Sen. Kristin Gillibrand echoed his call for prayers saying, “I am closely monitoring this developing situation in Brooklyn. Please join me in keeping the victims, their families, and first responders in your prayers as we await more information.” Several other members of Congress reiterated the warning for New Yorkers to stay safe. “Heartbroken over the subway shooting in Sunset Park. My office and I are actively monitoring the situation. Please stay safe,” Democratic Rep. Carolyn Maloney wrote. “Praying for the people injured in the shocking Brooklyn subway attack,” Brooklyn and Queens Democratic Rep. Hakeem Jeffries posted. “Thankful for the ongoing efforts of law enforcement to apprehend the perpetrator. We will get through this together #BrooklynStrong.” Multiple lawmakers made indirect calls for gun control action, saying that New Yorkers should not have to feel fear when riding the subway. “I’d like to live in a world where shootings on subways, in schools and on our streets would be considered unfathomable. Another world is possible,” Democratic Rep. Jamaal Bowman tweeted. “Riding the subway and walking our streets should never be a life-threatening experience,” added GOP Congressman and gubernatorial candidate Lee Zeldin. “Our hearts are with all the victims and first responders in Brooklyn as we all monitor this ongoing situation and await more facts,” In a separate statement, Zeldin described the incident as “deeply disturbing.” Rep. Mondaire Jones said he was “outraged” by Tuesday’s events. “The subway shooting in Brooklyn this morning is devastating and I’m outraged that these tragic mass shootings continue. I am monitoring the situation closely and I am keeping the victims and first responders in my prayers,” the Democrat posted. Democratic Rep. Tom Suozzi, who is also running for governor, claimed “crime is out of control” following the shooting, saying that “people do not feel safe.” Adams, for his part, insisted that the subway is safe. “Yes, it is,” he said when asked by CNN. “And I ride the subway often to send that message. I’m in the subway system [at] 3-4 in the morning to make sure our officers and those who are responsible for keeping us safe, [that] they’re doing their job.” “I’m going to lead this battle from the front, and I say to New Yorkers, we’re going to find the person that’s responsible and we cannot allow a terror to terrorize us [so] that we don’t continue to function as a city … I call on New Yorkers to continue to be as resilient as we have often been.” Long Island Republican Rep. Andrew Garbarino said he was “[h]orrified by the violence in Brooklyn today. Please keep the victims of this attack, as well as the NYPD, FDNY and other first responders on the scene in your thoughts today as this situation develops.” House Republican Conference Chair Elise Stefanik also shared her horror on social media. “Initial scenes from Brooklyn, NY are horrific,” she tweeted. “Praying for first responders, law enforcement officers, victims & families impacted, and all fellow NYers. God speed our brave @NYPDnews @FDNY.” “I’m so heartbroken seeing the images from this morning’s subway shooting in Sunset Park,” Democratic Rep. Adriano Espaillat posted. “I am closely monitoring the situation as it unfolds, and will do everything I can to make sure our residents remain safe.” Other New York lawmakers expressed gratitude for local law enforcement and the New York Fire Department as details continued to develop. “Praying for those injured and grateful to the NYPD and first responders for their swift response in addressing this situation,” Democratic Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney tweeted. “Terrible news coming out of Brooklyn this morning. I am grateful for the rapid response of the NYPD, and am praying for the victims and their families,” Democratic Rep. Kathleen Rice wrote. “Praying for those injured in the horrific subway attack in Brooklyn this morning. I’m grateful to the dedicated law enforcement officers and first responders for their swift action. My heart is with the victims, their families, and the people of New York,” posted Democratic Rep. Joe Morelle. “My prayers are with the people injured in the Brooklyn subway attack this morning. I am thankful for the NYPD and first responders who continue to monitor and address this situation,” Democratic Rep. Antonio Delgado tweeted. “Horrified and deeply saddened by the attack in #Brooklyn. My thoughts and prayers are with those injured, their families, and the community. Thankful for our first responders and healthcare professionals who are on the scene. #BrooklynStrong,” Rep. Grace Meng posted. The horrific shooting took place at around 8:30 a.m. at the 36th Street station in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. Graphic photos of the incident showed a blood-stained subway platform as well as injured people in the station. Anyone with information on the shooting should call the NYPD’s Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS or log onto the CrimeStoppers website.