Cary Elwes encountered a scary situation when he was bitten by a rattlesnake while working in his yard. The “Princess Bride” actor, 59, was nipped by his Malibu home on Saturday and airlifted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, according to TMZ. On Monday afternoon, the English actor tweeted a gnarly image of an inflamed, black-and-blue finger, saying he was “grateful” for the medical assistance he’d received from Malibu Urgent Care, the LA County Fire Department and UCLA, while also noting that he was “recovering well thanks to all these wonderful folks.” He also quipped that he was “bit not by a ROUS but a rattlesnake” — referencing the acronym for “Rodents Of an Unusual Size” from “The Princess Bride.” TMZ, which said he was expected to make a full recovery, had reported that Elwes required rapid medical attention — and others around him feared it was a life-threatening attack at the time. The Post has reached out to Elwes’ representatives for comment. The “Glory” star’s next project will be Zack Snyder’s sci-fi flick “Rebel Moon,” the Hollywood Reporter revealed earlier this month. The ensemble cast also includes Michiel Huisman, Alfonso Herrera, Sofia Boutella, Charlie Hunnam, Djimon Hounsou, Ray Fisher and Rupert Friend. The epic tale will follow a colony housed in the galaxy that becomes threatened by the army of a tyrant named Balisarius. The citizens of the colony get assistance from a young woman with a suspicious past to find fighters from other planets to help them conquer the dictator. Elwes is set to play the monarch of the entire galaxy. Production will begin this fall. The “Saw” actor got his start in the film business when he was just 16 years old, working behind the scenes of the 1978 Richard Donner film “Superman,” fetching desserts for star Marlon Brando. “My job was to get Marlon out of his trailer,” Elwes told the Telegraph last year. “Marlon had no incentive to be on time because his agent had struck the most amazing deal for him. Every day that the picture went over, he got another million dollars. So he drove poor [Richard] Donner up the wall because he just strolled in whenever he felt like it. Sometimes before lunch, sometimes … not before lunch.” He apparently was able to coax the “Godfather” legend out of his trailer by supplying him with sugary desserts. “How did I manage it?” Elwes explained. “Mainly with food. “Once you fed Marlon, he was in a much better mood. So I tried to find delicacies that appealed to him,” the father of one added. “He mainly wanted desserts.”