After the World Series champion Braves beefed up its bullpen by signing former Dodgers closer and free agent Kenley Jansen last week, Los Angeles was left with a major void in its bullpen. Friday, the Dodgers took a big step to fill it, trading outfielder A.J. Pollock to the White Sox for reliever Craig Kimbrel, per MLB.com’s Mark Feinsand. The move addresses uncertainties with both clubs. The hard-throwing Kimbrel opened last season with the Cubs, where he notched 23 saves in 39 appearances. He recorded 64 strikeouts with a 0.71 WHIP and 0.49 ERA and was named an All-Star, before being sent to the South Side at the end of July as part of the Cubs’ fire sale. On the White Sox, Kimbrel was expected to be a significant addition to a championship contending team and one half of a formidable 1-2 punch in the eighth and ninth inning, along with Liam Hendriks. It didn’t work out that way. The 33-year-old righty struggled mightily with his control and in 24 games posted a 5.09 ERA with a 1.22 WHIP. He also went 2-2 with one save. Things weren’t any better in the postseason. In the American League Divisional Series against the Astros, Kimbrel made three appearances, giving up three runs on three hits, including two on a home run that blew open Game 2. The Astros went on to win the series 3-1. He finished the series with a 9.00 ERA, 2.00 WHIP, one walk and no strikeouts in two innings pitched. In Kimbrel’s first outing for the White Sox this spring, he gave up five runs, four of them earned, in just two-thirds of an inning. Still, the move gives the Dodgers depth in its bullpen, where Blake Treinen was likely to be the closer. Now manager Dave Roberts will have more options in the late innings. Pollock, meanwhile, is going into his 10th season in the majors, the last three of which have been spent with the Dodgers, who had outfielders to spare. In 117 games last season, Pollock, who played center and left field, hit .281 with 21 home runs and 69 RBIs. His acquisition should help the White Sox fill its void in right field. The position was pretty much a toss up between Adam Engel and Leury Garcia. In adding Pollock’s bat they also get a player who had an OPS of .892 and had a 3.0 fWAR in 422 plate appearances in a largely platoon role last year. Now he should slot in alongside Eloy Jimenez in left and Luis Robert in center.