An Australian man nearly lost part of his penis after errant public hair ensnared the tip and cut off its circulation like a grotesque garrote. “We describe an unusual case in an adult resulting in erosion of the urethra,” read a Urology Case Reports study detailing the poor soul’s phallic asphyxiation. He specifically suffered from hair tourniquet syndrome, in which hair or thread becomes tightly tangled around the genitals, fingers and other extremities. Generally affecting children, the affliction can cut off the blood flow, requiring patients to undergo surgery — and even amputation. The 57-year-old Geelong native, who was reportedly uncircumcised, had reported to a family doctor after suffering extreme pain and swelling of his glans — the scientific term for the penis tip — for two weeks. However, medics didn’t notice the culprit, as they didn’t check under the hood, thereby allowing his symptoms to worsen. After steroids failed to alleviate his agony, the patient was referred to Geelong University Hospital. There, an examination of the foreskin revealed the source of his pain to be a “complex hair tourniquet of short, matted” hairs that had horrifyingly encircled the area beneath the glans like a miniature choker, per the study. Doctors speculated that the “pubic hair collected under the foreskin and after significant accumulation and time the single strands matted together forming a tight ring.” In fact, the tallywacker tourniquet was so constricting that it had compressed the member down to 1 centimeter in diameter. It also “completely divided” his urethra, per the study. Experts believe that the freak accident was caused by the man neglecting to clean the region properly. “The reality is that this could’ve been avoided if the patient were to be undertaking suitable penile hygiene and washing beneath his foreskin regularly,” Dr. Rich Viney, a British urologist, told the Daily Mail. It’s unclear why the patient let things deteriorate to that point; however, he was described in the study as an “unkempt gentleman” who suffered from “anxiety and depression.” In addition, the patient had no fixed address and reportedly bounced between the homes of his friends and family. Fearing irreparable damage to the man’s penis, doctors snipped the obstructing hair and prepared to carry out an operation to save the remaining tissue. They then informed the patient that he could potentially lose part of his member if the wounds didn’t heal properly. Alarmed at the possible side effect, the distraught patient fled from the hospital —whereupon doctors couldn’t reach him, as he possessed no phone. Fortunately, the patient returned to the hospital two days later, of his own volition, and doctors reattached the tube and inserted a permanent catheter so he could urinate. The man then left the hospital after a day, defying the advice of doctors, who prescribed him bath salts and antibiotics. All told, he wound up returning and leaving a total of four times, with doctors forced to repair the damage sustained each time. Despite his lack of cooperation, doctors managed to repair the urethra and he could urinate again on his own, without undergoing any further surgeries; although, he was left with a deformity under his glans. Doctors also circumcised the patient to prevent any future penile entanglements. Ultimately, the study authors chalked up the fiasco to “the challenges in post-operative care in patients with significant anxiety issues, poor health literacy and no fixed abode.” This isn’t the first instance of manhood strangulation. In July, an Illinois man with dementia was hospitalized after binding his genitals with rubber bands until his penis began to rot.