She’s gone from Guinness to OnlyFans — and she’s reaching new heights. Maci Currin — a Texas teen who broke two Guinness World Records for her tall stature — has grown her fame as a content creator on OnlyFans. In 2021, the 19-year-old, who stands at 6-foot-10, scored the Guinness titles for her legs, which measure about 4-foot-5. Now, Currin has been banking on her quirks growing a massive following on TikTok and OnlyFans. Her TikTok account has grown to almost 2 million followers in the last two years since she started posting videos during the pandemic. On OnlyFans, she touts her milestone but tells subscribers who pay $35 a month for her content that “nudity isn’t promised.” “I just want to prove that tall girls like myself can be as conventionally attractive as anyone else,” she told the Sun about her work on the adult content website. The Cedar Park, Texas, native scored the Guinness World Records for the longest female legs and longest teenage legs. Her right leg measures 53.26 inches, and her slightly shorter left leg comes in at 52.87 inches. Currin said her TikTok account first started as a joke, but once she went viral, she decided to use that good energy to spread positive vibes. “I just want people to accept themselves for who they are and embrace their uniqueness,” she said. “Through posting, I learned self-love, self-acceptance and I wanted to try to show that being tall isn’t as bad as people make it out to be.” The influencer admitted that the benefits of being tall are “limited.” While her stature has allowed her to be involved in sports like basketball and volleyball growing up, she said she was bullied during her childhood for being so statuesque. “The world isn’t built for taller people and sometimes it is annoying. I feel like everything is built for one size, ‘the ideal size,’ ” she said. “When people approach me [in public] it’s either to ask me about my height or to get a photo with me.” “I really don’t mind answering their questions, they’re just curious,” she added. “The only thing I don’t like is when people take photos of me without my permission. “It’s almost a breach of privacy and they ain’t even slick about it,” she explained to the publication. Even though the teen is unemployed, she has hopes to become a model and social media influencer full-time. She also has decided to stay single by choice, noting many men flock to her. “There are a lot of people who like tall girls, dating isn’t difficult,” she said. “I just choose to not date at the moment.” She also feels happy that her TikTok videos are making a difference in people’s lives, admitting that countless fans have reached out to her for advice about body positivity. One “really sweet” fan interaction stayed close to her heart, too. A 5-year-old girl was growing at a rapid rate and the child’s mom sent Currin a hand-drawn picture the kid drew of the two ladies standing side-by-side. And while social media is a prime place where Currin can be herself and showcase her legs, she claims that she often gets a lot of “hate” in the cyber world. But she’s turning the negatives into positives. “When I first started TikTok it would bother me, but as I got older I realized why should I care what random people say about me over the internet,” she said. “I’m never going to meet them, they don’t know anything about me.”