The Masters may be over, but the action doesn’t stop for golf bettors as the focus now shifts to Harbour Town for the 2022 RBC Heritage. And unlike the Masters, this tournament has been a happy hunting ground for longshots in the recent past. CT Pan, Wesley Bryan, Satoshi Kodaira and Stewart Cink all have wins here since 2017, so you could see a winner come from anywhere on the board for this one. It should be noted, however, that this year’s field is unusually strong for this tournament with Justin Thomas, Collin Morikawa, Patrick Cantlay, Dustin Johnson, Cam Smith, Shane Lowry and Daniel Berger headlining the event. The presence of those players has created some value further down the board and we’ve already seen a lot of betting support for players like Kevin Kisner, Kevin Na and Si Woo Kim this week. With the big names and trendy players in the mid-tier taking plenty of money, there are some players that have flown under the radar as we head towards Thursday morning. Here are five sleepers worth a look at Harbour Town. More of a mid-tier bet than a longshot, but this number on Tommy Fleetwood is definitely worth consideration. The Merseysider has yet to break his maiden on this side of the pond and he hasn’t been in the winner’s circle since 2019, but he does have five victories on the European Tour to his credit. Excluding the WGC Match Play, Fleetwood has finished T22 or better in his last four tournaments and is coming off a T14 performance at Augusta National. Fleetwood has been in decent form and has shown the ability to score in bunches. If only he could do it when he’s not already out of contention. It’s been a break-out season for North Dakota’s own Tom Hoge. The Fargo native has a win, a runner-up, three top-10s and six top-25 finishes in 18 starts during the 2021/22 FedEx Cup campaign. Hoge has cooled off of late but had he continued that kind of form this number would be slashed in half. Kevin Streelman didn’t play at Augusta National, so he should be well-rested for a course that fits his profile. A player who can keep it straight off the tee and set himself up for a good look at the pin, Streelman shouldn’t drive himself into too much trouble here, which is a big plus at a place that punishes wild tee shots. With a pair of top-7 finishes in his last four trips to Harbour Town and three consecutive top-25 finishes coming into this week, Streelman is worth a flutter at triple-digit odds.  There have been times over the past 18 months or so that Brian Harman has been a pretty chalky play at half these odds. Coming off a missed cut at the Masters, the love for Harman has started to die down, which is good news for value-hunters. A strong putter and a player who can contend in deep fields if his game comes together, Harman ticks plenty of boxes at Harbour Town and has had some success here with two top-10 finishes and a 13th-place result in 2021. We’ve seen some players come from nowhere to win this tournament and Takumi Kanaya may just fit that bill this week. Like courses in his native Japan, Harbour Town is a course that rewards precision overpower. That type of set-up jives well with Kanaya’s skillset, which is similar to Streelman in that he may not bomb the ball, but he’ll land it on the fairway consistently. Kanaya has yet to make his mark on the PGA TOUR, but he’s got three wins in Japan, so the 23-year-old has shown the ability to keep his nerve should he pop up on a leaderboard.