Newly once-again-engaged couple Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez will need to find a new mansion to celebrate their nuptials and live happily ever after. After being spotted on a Los Angeles-area house hunt on Sunday afternoon, reports have emerged that the deal for their soon-to-be Bel-Air mansion is no longer. TMZ reports that their $55 million love nest, which the couple reportedly inked a deal to purchase in March, has fallen out of escrow. It’s not clear what specifically made Affleck, 49, and Lopez, 52, pull out of the deal. But TMZ notes that a buyer can always duck out of it during the inspection process, adding it appears they decided there was something they didn’t like about the home. And it seems like there were no hard feelings about it either. Their weekend house hunt, which had them scoping out properties in Bel-Air and Beverly Hills, took them to even pricier estates valued at $64 million and $72 million. The seemingly forward-moving deal for this Bel-Air behemoth, which spans some 20,000 square feet, came after months of searching for a home to share. And even though $55 million isn’t a price to sniff at, landing on this one — though no longer an option for them — came for a bit of a deal. It first went up for sale asking a cool $65 million. This 10-bedroom, 17-bathroom spread — otherwise known as “The Bellagio Estate” — stands on 1.1 acres. Its features include a master suite with a sitting room, double baths and closets — and elsewhere, a movie theater, living areas with fireplaces and a large eat-in kitchen. Outside, there’s a large lawn with an infinity-edge pool and gardens. The couple sparked engagement rumors last week after Lopez was snapped wearing a ring on her wedding finger while shopping in Los Angeles with her 14-year-old daughter Emme. The statement sparkler is an 8.5 ct. green diamond, a rare get in that size. During their first engagement in 2002, Affleck popped the question with a 6.1 ct. pink diamond ring from Harry Winston, which Jenny from the Block said at the time was “the most magnificent thing I’ve ever seen.” However, the media attention reportedly led “Bennifer” to postpone and ultimately cancel their 2003 wedding. Lopez called off the engagement in 2004, marrying singer Marc Anthony that same year. The two share five children from previous marriages.