A disturbing new clip shows Russian state TV hosts burst into laughter as they discuss the catastrophic damage a nuclear missile would create if fired at New York City. A handful of Kremlin propagandists talked about striking the Big Apple — home to over eight million people — with Vladimir Putin’s Sarmat missile, also known as Satan 2. In the chilling footage, hosts joked about attacks on their “so-called partners,” claiming that “Americans have always feared our heavy rockets.” They then discussed the potential effects of Putin’s “unstoppable” hypersonic missile after it was test-launched Wednesday. “Americans don’t have these kinds of rockets and never had them,” the anchor said on Putin’s state-owned Russia-1 channel. “What is attractive about the South Pole,” he said before being interrupted by another presenter, who added, “We know right away where to send it via the north pole or the south pole. We only have one target.” “The continental territory of the US,” the anchor responded. Discussing the size of the territory the Satan 2 would be able to destroy, the anchor claimed, “If 7.5 megatons will be delivered to the territory of our so-called partners — the word ‘partner’ is very important — then objects like the city of New York, a good city but it would be gone.” “Completely gone, with one rocket. Completely, I mean completely,” he went on, laughing. “So it’s better we don’t. Americans always feared our heavy rockets.” Putin — who has repeatedly threatened to use his nuclear arsenal since invading Ukraine in late February — said the test should provide “food for thought” for the West. “This really unique weapon will strengthen the combat potential of our armed forces, reliably ensure Russia’s security from external threats and make those, who in the heat of frantic aggressive rhetoric try to threaten our country, think twice,” the warmongering leader said. He bragged that the missile “has the highest tactical and technical characteristics and is capable of overcoming all modern means of anti-missile defense.”