Hackers are constantly looking for new ways to infiltrate our devices and steal the large treasure trove of data we hold on them. With so many of us now dependent on smartphones, it’s no wonder they are such a big target. We’ve seen it all, from vicious WhatsApp cons, to dodgy apps that aren’t what they seem. Scarily, many people are oblivious that a hack is even going on in the background. But thankfully there are telltale signs to look out for. Though they’re not always definite, if you sense something isn’t right about your iPhone or Android device, these may well be the clues to look out for. If apps are taking longer than expected to load, this could mean that you’ve been hacked. The same goes if the app crashes randomly too. Smartphone batteries do drain faster with time. But if it’s happening suddenly, it could point towards malware. That’s because malware is secretly beavering away in the background, sucking up more power to go about its malicious purpose. If you’ve noticed your data is being consumed far too quickly, this can also be a sign. Similar to the battery, malware could be sending stuff in the background. If you’ve had an unexplained bill change, this is a red flag. This could mean more data is being used up by malware and it’s costing you for it. Pop-ups are fairly standard on web browsers. But when they start appearing far too frequently at various points, it may mean you’ve been infected with some kind of dodgy adware. A smartphone that overheats may mean it’s getting old or being exposed to the Sun too much. But it can also be an indication that some malware is getting to work. If you think your smartphone may have been infected with a virus, malware or something else sketchy, the first thing to do is download a reliable antivirus app and run a scan. There’s a full list worth considering here. You should also download any apps you think might be behind it. If the problem persists, the last resort may be to factory reset your phone – but back up precious files like photos that you know to be safe first. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.