Ben Simmons is, technically, not ruled out for the play-in game on an official level. But asked about Simmons’ availability following practice on Monday, Nets coach Steve Nash said: “I would be shocked,” in reference to the point guard potentially playing in a do-or-die elimination game for Brooklyn. That is not particularly surprising — Simmons has yet to suit up for the Nets since being dealt to Brooklyn in a blockbuster deal for James Harden on Feb. 10 — but it is a blow nonetheless. The Nets have struggled with health all year, and with a full lineup, have the talent to compete for a championship. Instead, and despite all the expectations entering this season, they are 40-38, likely on their way to a 9-10 game in the play-in tournament. The Nets have lost three of four in the past week, including against Charlotte and Atlanta, two teams that will likely also be in the play-in. Kevin Durant made reference to that on Monday, saying he felt like the team’s season was derailed by his own injury, which saw him miss half of January and all of February. “I’m not looking at it as we’re not a good basketball team,” Durant said. “There wasn’t a lot of continuity with me and Kyrie out of the lineup. That’s just what it is. When we’re all on the floor together, I like what we got.” Simmons was at practice on Monday, shooting and working with stretching bands. That, Nash said, represents a notable progression. “He was doing nothing on the floor,” Nash said. “But obviously he started strengthening and doing some light shooting, so super positive on one hand. On the other hand, it’s not like we’re expecting him in the lineup the next week.” Simmons has yet to start running, and Nash said the next steps are to keep building up muscles that can prevent irritation on his spine. It is also telling that Nash said he hasn’t yet dug deep into what the team will look like when Simmons does return. “I think there’s a clear feeling of how he would fit in,” Nash said. “On paper and in actuality, it’s different. So you have to see it and work together to find the understanding.” Nash didn’t rule out the first round of the playoffs for a return, if the Nets make it that far, but didn’t sound particularly optimistic either. “We’ll see,” he said. “I don’t wanna get too far down the road. I don’t wanna walk through the next five weeks with you guys and now we’re guessing.” Simmons has yet to participate in a high-intensity workout, a part of his rehab Nash said it’s unlikely he’ll skip to come back earlier. Since Simmons sat out the earlier part of the season, citing mental health issues while trying to cut ties with the Sixers, he hasn’t played a competitive game since a Game 7 loss to the Hawks in the Eastern Conference semifinals last June. Thus, the Nets are hesitant to put him on the court without a strong ramp-up, even if they’re facing a must-win game. “I think in this situation, we gotta put his health and injury first, be certain he’s ready to play and contribute and the other part is, he hasn’t played basketball,” Nash said. “So what kind of Ben do you get when he hasn’t been in an NBA game for nine-10 months?” The Nets would like to be in a position to get an answer to that question. Whether they will is more of an open question. “You know what he brings to the floor,” Duurant said. “My main concern is just getting his back healthy so he can have a good rest of his career. So hopefully he’s out there soon.”