If money is the root of all evil, then the cat who paid to be the mayor of Hell is surely up to no good. Jinx, a cat-fluencer known for her bulging eyes and wobbly gait, assumed office after paying the unincorporated town in Michigan just $100 for the title — a ploy that has earned Hell-acious headlines in the past. The big-eyed, fat-footed feline — whose full name is Jinx Sploinky Scoot — has an Instagram following of 414,000 and lorded over Hell on Sunday, according to Michigan news site MLive.com. “Mayor of hell, michigan today, mayor of our hearts forever ,” wrote the fleeting mayor’s human minion, Mia, on the app. Mia found herself at the mercy of Jinx’s hypnotizing gaze in 2018, she told MLive.com. “She had big eyes and as she grew bigger, her eyes didn’t get smaller and I also noticed she had big feet. She doesn’t have a condition and the vet says she’s healthy. She just has these birth defects. She’s also not as agile as most cats and is a little clumsy. She only learned how to land on her feet a year ago,” she explained. Jinx’s campaign began when Mia asked social media how her fascinating feline friend might become more infamous. “I made a joke on Twitter saying, ‘Imagine Jinx will run for president.’ I had also seen animal mayors before, and I sent a tweet out asking how to make Jinx mayor, and someone mentioned Michigan and that you could pay to be mayor of Hell for a day,” she said. The privilege of mayor of Hell includes a mayoral proclamation certificate, a Hell souvenir mug, a shirt — and one square inch of property there. As is part of the deal, the $100 also earns the public servant automatic impeachment after their day in power has concluded — which is also commemorated with a second certificate. Anyone, human or animal, can be mayor of Hell for a day, said Reverend Vonn of Hell, the town’s minister who swore in the political pussycat — a first for Hell — via telephone proclamation. “Our Mayor of the Day package is the perfect gift for those who are hard to buy for and/or have everything. They get to have one Helluva fun day, and at the end of it, will receive the dreaded phone call to be impeached,” Vonn told MLive.com. Mia livestreamed part of the cat’s 24-hour term on Twitch to an audience of thousands. Jinx made several bizarre proclamations for the day, including her intention to ban eggs (“She doesn’t like eggs”), fill all bar establishments with only ranch dressing and implement a 200% tax rate. “She did not tell me what she plans on doing with the money, but I think it’s not good,” Mia added. “I don’t know what her intentions are, but we can only hope.”