Chilling surveillance camera video captured the cold-blooded murder of a security guard in Atlanta by a man who walked up behind him, shot him in the back of the head at point-blank range and robbed him. The gunman is seen walking up to Anthony Frazier, 51, about 7 p.m. Monday outside an American Seafood and Wings on Cleveland Avenue where he worked as a guard, Fox 5 Atlanta reported. The man — wearing a black shirt adorned with graphics and a black cap with a Nike logo and carrying a camouflage backpack — is seen pulling a handgun from his right pocket. The shocking clip doesn’t show the actual shooting, but the gunman is seen apparently taking something from the victim as he lies motionless on the sidewalk in his black “Enforcement” shirt. A few seconds before his death, Frazier was seen getting out of a black GMC parked just outside the eatery. As the shooter walks away, he passes a man sitting about 35 feet away who apparently saw the shooting unfold. The witness raises his hands up as the gunman passes him. Police said they want to speak with the witness, as well as three other people, including one who was seen rummaging through some items and taking something from Frazier. The victim’s daughter, Antonette Frazier, told CBS46 she couldn’t sleep after watching the horrific video. “I can’t get the images out of my head,” she told the news outlet. “Oh my God, it changed me. They changed the way I feel. It changed the way I looked at things. “I just don’t understand how somebody could be so cold,” Frazier said, adding that she is angry no one tried to help her dad. “I’m angry at the people that stood by,” she told CBS46. “My daddy was a good person. I’m angry and disgusted with the bystanders digging through his pockets.” The grieving daughter added: “He was my best friend, and they took him away from me.” A $2,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and indictment of the gunman. Anyone with information is asked to call the Crime Stoppers Atlanta tip line at 404-577-TIPS (8477).