Behold: spring cleaning has arrived. In tandem with that? Reorganizing your space, with everything from outdoor patio furniture to sectional couches and area rugs. But, how about your walls? Sure, you may have some affordable artwork adorning the walls already but, for another elegant touch, a set of wall sconces will do the trick. Not only are they convenient for reading (check out our best books of spring 2022), but these prized home furnishings add symmetry to your home and a little somethin’ something to otherwise blank canvases. We rounded up the 15 best wall sconces across every style and budget for you to shop. Whether you’re looking to spruce up the area above your bar cart or highlight a wall opposite your smart TV, these bright beauts are what we keep looking at. Below, find the best wall sconces available at Amazon, Wayfair and more. For more on spring cleaning and refreshing, check out our guides to the best vacuum cleaners and house cleaning products. We’re starting off with one of our rustic, farmhouse-inspired favorites: Viluxy’s Wooden Wall Sconces. This set of two, impressively, is less than $100 and is the perfect duo to accent your home. It’s wooden, it has traditional bulb detailing and adds some dimension to your space. For a modern twist, pick up Globe Electric’s Bowery Sconce. For $44 each right now, they’re a black and brown decor piece that’ll add a hint of on-trend to your space, whether it’s an apartment or widespread living room. Leaning into contemporary, brass-embossed design is Permo’s Classic Industrial Wall Sconce. This set of two is slim, elegant and doesn’t take up too much space on your wall. The fabric flared shade is a nice touch, too. For a no-frills option that’s a classic black with typical lighting, Folksmate has beautiful matte black wall sconces for just $55, collectively, on Amazon. Not only is it one of the retailer’s favorite options but the glass and metal hybrid is too chic to pass up. Add a nice ambience to your space with Maylaywood’s Industrial Wall Sconce. This set-of-two is affordably priced, is sleek and is one of the most designer-looking add-ons to your wall. Plus, the mix of vintage and modern design, paired with brushed metal, is compliment-provoking. If you’re designing a beach home (or, simply love the look of coastal charm), you should 100% add Joss & Main’s Maebel Armed Sconce to your cart. Now for more than $100 off, it looks good solo or coupled with another of its kind. Brass, bulbous and beautiful, Wade Logan’s Armed Sconce is well-priced, petite to adorn any wall and adds a world of difference to your otherwise stark walls. Its curved handle and brushed design gives an airy, light feel to your home, too. The exaggerated cage of this wall sconce is (1) breathtaking and (2) ensures that no wall space will be left behind. The mid-century charm, evident with the lightbulb look and brushed metals, will give your home a traditional edge (which we adore). For something akin to a floor lamp, shop 17 Stories’ Lateefah 2 wall sconce. It’s great for small spaces (perhaps atop your standing desk) and is one of the highest quality lighting fixtures we’ve seen. We love Wade Logan’s Coan Antique Armed Sconce for a number of reasons: (1) it leans into rustic style, (2) it has a modern edge and (3) its oval and rectangular appeal make it a work of art all on its own. For less than $200, it’s a complete steal. If you’re into minimalistic decor, we’re about to turn you on to Light Society’s Alexi Wall Sconce. For less than $50 — even without the current discount — we think it’s practical and unobtrusive to match any space (and any wall). If we’re being honest, we love a pop of color wherever we can add it. Luckily, Novogratz and Globe Electric came together to produce the Cleo Wall Sconce, a less-than-$50 option that adds a hint of subtle hue to your home. For a traditional wall sconce, Stonebriar has an unbeatable, ornate style that’s — wait for it — just $12. It’s great for bedrooms, bathrooms, living rooms and foyers alike (not to mention, you can’t beat the price). For a splurge-worthy option, consider Katie’s Small Cylinder Sconce. It comes in different shades of brushed brass, bronze or nickel (you can customize your own light fixture, BTW). Plus, it looks super regal and elegant, upping the feel of your space tenfold. We can’t get over the classic finish of this candle wall sconce. It feels like it’s straight out of “Pride & Prejudice” — for that reason, we love this option even more. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.