PHILADELPHIA — Vitali Kravtsov will not be joining the Rangers for their playoff run, The Post has learned, but the winger remains in good standing with the organization and plans are being made to have him arrive in New York early this summer in order to get a head start on training camp for 2022-23. Sources reported the determination was made following an amicable conversation between Rangers president-general manager Chris Drury and Kravtsov’s agent, Daniel Milstein. That essentially codifies the understanding between the parties from early in the season, when Kravtsov was given permission to join Traktor of the KHL after he bolted North America in the wake of being assigned to the AHL Wolf Pack at the end of camp. The Rangers’ hierarchy is pleased, we are told, with the progress made by Kravtsov, who has been in regular communication throughout the season with Drury. The 21-year-old winger recorded 13 points (6-7) in 19 regular-season games for Traktor before a 10-point output that included seven goals in 15 playoff contests prior to his club’s ouster in the conference finals. Kravtsov was the ninth-overall selection of the 2018 entry draft. He played 20 games with the Rangers at the end of the 2020-21 season, recording two goals and two assists. He was expected to compete for a top-six spot this season before an unspecified lower-body injury early in training camp set him back and triggered the series of events that have brought him to this point. Filip Chytil rejoined the lineup for the match Wednesday against the Flyers after missing the previous two contests with an unidentified upper-body injury. Chytil, who has missed 10 games overall this season due to various physical issues, has recorded three points (1-2) in his last 12 games and seven (2-5) in his last 19 games. Alexis Lafreniere was scratched Wednesday after he had gone without a point in his last eight games following two goals and an assist in his first two games on left wing of the third line. The switch from right wing on the top line to his natural position on the left went into effect with the March 25 match against Pittsburgh in which Frank Vatrano moved onto the unit with Chris Kreider and Mika Zibanejad. Patrik Nemeth, who has missed four of the last five games as he deals with what the Rangers are calling a personal issue unrelated to previous long-term effects of COVID-19, has been skating daily at the club’s training facility. The defenseman has played in 25 of the Rangers’ last 42 games. This 13th set of back-to-backs featured the 13th time that coach Gerard Gallant has split his goaltenders under that scenario. Alexandar Georgiev, who has gotten the front end six times, was in net against the Flyers after Igor Shesterkin had gone against the Hurricanes at the Garden on Tuesday.