British Prime Minister Boris Johnson traveled secretly to Kyiv Saturday for a surprise meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to show “unwavering support,” as European leaders stepped up their own backing of the embattled country amid continued fighting with Russian forces. “Welcome to Kyiv, my friend!” Zelensky said as he greeted Johnson warmly outside the capital’s presidential palace. The news of Johnson’s arrival was broken in a tweet from the Ukrainian Embassy to Britain that showed the two leaders conferring in an ornately decorated room with a simple caption: “Surprise,” along with a winking emoji. Later, Zelensky guided Johnson on a tour of the empty streets of Kyiv, pointing out sandbagged windows and a somber memorial wall paying tribute to a few of the thousands of Ukrainians killed during weeks of resistance against Russia’s Feb. 24 invasion. “In the last few weeks the world has found new heroes,” Johnson said as the two held a joint press conference. “The Ukrainians have shown the courage of a lion … but you, Volodymyr, have given the roar of that lion.” Zelensky used the visit to continue his call for tighter sanctions on Russia. “It’s time to impose a complete embargo on Russian energy resources,” he said. “We have to put even more pressure on the Russian Federation.” The British government announced new plans to send anti-ship missile systems and 120 armored vehicles to Ukraine as part of a $130 million shipment of high-grade military equipment. Austria’s Chancellor Karl Nehammer also came to Kyiv for a separate meeting with Zelensky on Saturday, one day after European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen made her own pilgrimage to the Ukrainian capital – visits made possible by Russia’s recent retreat from the area around the nation’s political center. In other developments Saturday: During a televised “Stand Up for Ukraine” fundraiser that gathered $11 billion for refugee assistance in Warsaw, von der Leyen denounced the Russian atrocities she observed during her trip. “There are no words for the horror I’ve seen in Bucha, the ugly face of Putin’s army terrorizing people,” she said, one day after viewing a mass grave in the decimated town. Zelensky, appearing via video link, demanded the prosecution of Russian soldiers and commanders for war crimes. “Ukrainian courage has already united the whole democratic world,” he said. “But I would like Ukrainian courage to be shared by everyone in the world.” Meanwhile, in eastern Ukraine, fierce bombardment of civilian targets continued. The governor of the Luhansk region urged residents to flee the embattled area as Russian forces continued to attack. “They (Russia) are amassing forces for an offensive and we see the number of shelling has increased,” Gov. Serhiy Gaidai said Saturday in televised remarks. Some 30 percent of residents who remained in cities and villages across the region had been urged to leave, Gaidai said, as he reported heavy Russian shelling of the towns of Rubizhne, Popasna and Hirske – as well as a Russian hit on a storage tank holding “remnants” of nitric acid. The Ukrainian government has set up 10 humanitarian corridors meant to guide refugees to safety in the western part of the country, Deputy Prime Minister Irina Vereschuk wrote on her Telegram account. Invading Russian forces have stepped up attacks along strategic points in the country’s east and south in the wake of their withdrawal from areas near Kiev and more central regions. The United States said tens of thousands of Russian troops would likely descend on eastern Ukraine this week. The call to flee Luhansk came hours after a Russian rocket attack at a railway station in the nearby city of Kramatorsk, which left at least least 52 people dead. The station was frequently crowded and served as a hub for those looking to flee westward. US officials believe the Russians used a short range SS-21 Scarab ballistic missile to carry out the attack. Zelensky blasted the strike as “another war crime” and called for a robust international response. “Like the massacre in Bucha, the missile strike on Kramatorsk must be one of the charges at the tribunal, which is bound to happen,” he said late Friday. Russian officials have denied responsibility for the attack and instead have said it was the Ukrainians who fired on their own people to use their deaths as a propaganda tool. “We are not buying the denial by the Russians that they weren’t responsible,” scoffed one US official. Ukraine’s state railway announced that seat number 52 will be left vacant on trains across the country as a poignant tribute to those who were slain. With Post Wires