The Rangers may be in the race for the top seed in the Metropolitan Division, but their real objective is to stay healthy with the postseason on the horizon. Kaapo Kakko is exhibit A for just how difficult it might be to achieve that goal. The Finnish winger suffered a lower-body injury Saturday afternoon after his right knee bent awkwardly during a fall along the boards early in first period of the Rangers’ 4-0 win over the Red Wings at the Garden. The victory left the Rangers temporarily tied with the Hurricanes for first in the division before Carolina had a chance to regain sole possession Saturday night against the Avalanche. “I don’t think it’s too serious,” head coach Gerard Gallant said of Kakko’s injury. “We’re being cautious and making sure.” Kakko recorded one hit over 5:06 of ice time in just his fourth game since a suspected wrist injury sidelined him for over 10 weeks, which was a much longer recovery timeline than expected. Trade-deadline acquisition Tyler Motte already has been ruled out for the remainder of the regular season, so any additional injury to the forward group would be a blow. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Having missed 31 games in a row, Kakko needs these final regular-season games to prepare for the playoffs more than anyone. It’s possible the injury truly isn’t serious, and the Rangers medical staff just kept Kakko out for the remainder of the game as a precaution. If Kakko has to miss extended time, however, the Rangers won’t be as deep as they looked right after the March 21 trade deadline. “You don’t want to see that happen to anyone,” said Mika Zibanejad, whose first-period goal during a five-on-three power play opened the scoring. “Obviously, you feel for him a little bit more just because of the situation and what he’s been through. I think the guys responded, I feel like it’s happened throughout the season a couple times where we go down 11 forwards and I think we’ve responded pretty well.” Alexis Lafreniere, who started the day on the fourth line with Kevin Rooney and Dryden Hunt, took shifts on the third unit with Barclay Goodrow and Filip Chytil after Kakko exited the game. After serving as a healthy scratch in the last contest, Lafreniere scored twice in the third period to tie Artemi Panarin for second on the team in even-strength goals (17). Goalie Igor Shesterkin recorded his fifth shutout of the season with 20 saves. Frank Vatrano scored his seventh goal in 16 games since joining the Rangers, while Panarin also notched an assist on Zibanejad’s first-period tally for his 90th point of the season. Panarin now has two 90-point campaigns on his résumé, in addition to becoming the sixth Ranger to achieve that feat multiple times with the organization. “I thought we were outstanding,” Gallant said. “I thought we managed the puck as good as we did all year long. We had some great scoring chances and we played our game. We didn’t worry about who we were playing, we just went out there and played our game and we played it to a T.”