President Biden will formally unveil new executive actions targeting so-called “ghost guns” Monday, including banning the unlicensed production of kits to create the untraceable weapons. Under new federal rules announced Monday, so-called “buy build shoot” kits must be produced by licensed gun manufacturers and include serial numbers. Commercial sellers who stock the kits must also receive a federal license and run background checks on potential buyers. Currently, the administration claims, individuals can assemble a ghost gun within 30 minutes without clearing the hurdles required by purchasers of traditional firearms. Biden will address the new restrictions at a 2:15 p.m. event alongside Vice President Kamala Harris and top Justice Department official Lisa Monaco. Under the new rules, dealers who take ghost guns into their inventory from private individuals must also put a serial number on the weapon before selling it to another customer. “This requirement will apply regardless of how the firearm was made, meaning it includes ghost guns made from individual parts, kits, or by 3D-printers,” the White House said. The restrictions are being announced three days after 16-year-old Anellyh Yambo was shot and killed while walking home from school in the South Bronx with what cops believe was a ghost gun. Two other teens were also shot and are expected to survive. Jeremiah Ryan, 17, was charged with attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon on Saturday. “These guns are too easy to build, too hard to trace, and too dangerous to be on our streets,” Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) told reporters in Manhattan on Sunday. “Just ask the family of that beautiful 16-year-old who was killed in the Bronx.” NYPD statistics show a 351% increase in the number of ghost guns recovered by police so far this year. At least 131 of the makeshift firearms were seized between Jan. 1 and Wednesday — compared to just 29 during the same period in 2021. Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) took issue with the new restrictions, tweeting Sunday night: “The Constitution does not authorize the federal government to prevent you from making your own firearm. This a fact that has been recognized for 200+ years. Also, Article 1, Section 1 (literally the first operative sentence in the Constitution) says Congress makes law, not POTUS!” The White House also announced Monday that Biden will nominate Steve Dettelbach, a former US attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, to serve as director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Biden’s initial nominee, David Chipman, was withdrawn from consideration in September after he failed to win the support of moderate Democratic senators. The White House is also requiring all federally licensed firearms dealers to keep key records of sales until they close their business — after which they must hand the documents over to the ATF, a move the feds say will make it easier to trace firearms found at crime scenes. Dealers were previously allowed to destroy most records after 20 years. Biden has repeatedly pressed Congress to take action on gun control issues, though the legislature has shown no inclination to do so with the miderm elections less than seven months away. “Congress needs to do its job by passing this budget and other essential legislation to reduce gun crime, including legislation to require background checks for all gun sales, ensure that no terrorist can buy a weapon in the United States, ban the sale and possession of unserialized firearms — ghost guns, ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, and repeal gun manufacturers’ protection from liability,” the White House said Monday.