It’s hard to believe we’re already experiencing spring in full swing, and just like it does every year, Mother’s Day is going to creep up on us really soon. If you’re looking to treat your mom to new home accessories and appliances this year, take your pick from these 10 options on sale and use the promo code SHIP4FREE to get free shipping: This weighted blanket from Kathy Ireland — named by License! Global Magazine as one of the top 30 most influential brands in the world — is designed to enhance the quality of your sleep naturally. By delivering deep pressure touch, it melts your stress and anxiety away and leaves you feeling secure, calm, and relaxed. Rated 4.2 out of 5 stars on Amazon, this multi-cooker is a great companion in the kitchen, helping you sauté, cook rice, steam, boil, or make yogurt for endless meal options. With DualAccuTemp technology, it precisely controls and displays the temperature needed for any ingredient. Boasting a 4.7 out of 5-star Amazon rating, this compact, mini elliptical machine lets you squeeze in an aerobic exercise amid your busy schedule. It comes with eight resistance levels calibrated to suit your needs, along with wide pedals to improve your core strength, circulation, flexibility, and muscle tone even while seated. If you find that you’re extra tired and sore after working out, this massager can relieve the aches, tension, and knots in your legs and feet. With its three massager modes and adjustable temperature, it can cater to you or your mom’s intensity and heat preference. This knife set comes equipped with eight blades engineered to meet all your cutting, slicing, and dicing needs. Each knife is crafted out of strong high-carbon stainless steel, offering a great balance between sharp edge retention and durability. They also feature a more acute 15° angle, resulting in a noticeably sharper-cutting face compared to Western-style knives. If your mother is always complaining about being chilly indoors, this hoodie blanket can help her feel warm and cozy. With two reversible sides, enjoy ultra-soft flannel fleece or cozy warm sherpa. Take good care of plants even without possessing a green thumb with this tiny indoor plant pod. It has telescopic grow lights, is self-watering, and has multiple mounting options to make growing plants easy and accessible. Gift some kitchen upgrades with these stainless steel pots and pans that can be used on the stove or oven. Each piece is made of premier non-stick coating to prevent food from clinging, an aluminum-bonded base to amplify heat conductivity, and cool-touch handles so you can cook without worrying about getting hurt. Cheers to mom! Store both opened and unsealed wine with this set that comes with a topper, base, koozie, and stopper. With the accessories included, you can preserve the temperature of wine for up to 3 hours, as well as maintain the integrity of wine labels when placed in coolers or backpacks. This voucher nets you a customized light box mom can design however she wants. You can add photos of your friends and family, places you love, or different artworks and patterns — you know she loves that. The light box itself will showcase unique high-resolution designs and a thin, flexible, and resilient material to last years. Prices subject to change. Shop more Mother’s Day deals and use code SHIP4FREE to get free shipping.