OnlyFans star Courtney Tailor has been confronted by a stranger in a Miami hotel and accused of “killing her boyfriend.” Courtney Clenney, 25, known on social media as Courtney Tailor, had been taken to a mental institution after Christian Obumselli, 27, was stabbed to death, cops said. A video has now emerged on Instagram showing someone filming a blonde woman in the bar of Miami’s Grand Beach Hotel Friday night. Clenney’s attorney Frank Prieto confirmed that the woman was his client. In the brief clip, as Clenney gets up to leave, the woman filming can be heard saying: “Yeah, you should go.” Then she adds the unfounded accusation: “Because you just killed your boyfriend… Yeah, you did.” The investigation into his death is ongoing and Clenney has not been arrested or charged with any crime. The Instagram post, which has been viewed more than 123,000 times, in part reads: “@mpdpolice does this look like a mentally unstable person to you, as she claims?” Prieto defended Clenney being at the bar, saying that it was it was an example of people making up theories without knowing the full facts. He told TMZ: “Courtney was there that night with her father, who simply wanted to pop in and have a drink in private – which was disrupted by this woman who started filming.” Prieto added: “It is unfortunate that a member of the public, knowing absolutely nothing about circumstances and events surrounding the death of Mr Obumseli, would take the opportunity to harass the Clenney family during a time that they are trying to be supportive for Courtney.” The attorney also said he believed Clenney was the victim of “physical, emotional, and mental abuse at the hands of Mr. Obumseli,” and also suggested she may even have been a “victim of human trafficking,” although he did not expand on this claim. Prieto also claimed his client had been fighting for her life during the domestic disturbance on April 3. He said: “At the time of the incident, M. Obumseli was committing a forcible felony. He had gained access to Courtney’s apartment without permission on several occasions in the days leading up to this incident.” Prieto added: “Courtney acted in self-defense; the investigation by both the City of Miami Police Department and the Miami-Dade State Attorney’s Office will conclude such. With that said, we would ask for the public’s understanding about observing the family’s privacy at this time.” The new footage comes just days after Clenney was pictured handcuffed and drenched in blood moments after Obumseli was stabbed to death. Shocking footage obtained by TMZ appears to shows as the influencer in a black crop top and white pants covered in blood as she is spoken to by officers. Her arms appears to be held behind her back. At one stage Clenney appears to be sat behind police tape at the luxury apartments in Miami. The outfit matches an earlier video Courtney posted to Instagram. Police responded to a 9-1-1 call from Clenney on Sunday around 5pm at the luxury apartment building in Miami, Florida. There, they found her boyfriend stabbed once in the shoulder. First responders transported Obsumeli to a nearby hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries. Officers said that the violence was caused by a domestic dispute. “We know that there was a physical altercation between them before he was stabbed,” a Miami PD spokesperson said. Intense arguments were common in Clenney and Obumseli’s relationship, mutual friends of the couple told an ABC affiliate. “We’ve seen her hit him,” Ashley Vaughn said. “I’ve never seen him hit her.” According to the close friends, Obumseli had recently moved to the area and was living with Clenney at the One Paraiso apartment building, located in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami. While Clenney was detained at the police station following the stabbing, police say that she threatened to kill herself. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.