An optical illusion that went viral has sparked hundreds of comments when its poster revealed the personality traits – and romantic prospects – of anyone who views it. A popular TikTok account shared the striking image, which left countless commenters reeling when they learned the emotional implications of what they saw. The poster, who goes by ItsMeFuzz, shared the optical illusion that rapidly racked up over 400k views and a sea of comments. He explained the meaning behind the illusion’s hidden images in a clip. “If you actually saw the two cats first, this means you have a very strong passion for romance,” the content creator explained. He added that if the cats were immediately obvious to you, it’s likely you also have “a very strong connection with all your family members.” “If you ended up seeing the whole dog head first,” the TikTok star continued, “you’re overall a very helpful person.” “You’re a very good shoulder to cry on for a close friend,” he added. In the comments, viewers gauged how their own responses to the illusion reflected their personalities. “The romance yes but family? Oh very poorly mistaken,” one commenter wrote. “I guess that first for the cats is true,” another surprised viewer wrote. “I’m now dating my best friend.” Surprisingly, lots of commenters reported they could see both images in the illusion. “I saw both at the same time somehow,” one person reported. “That probably means I’m an overachiever who needs to just relax,” they theorized. “I was wondering if maybe you could have both personalities in you,” a different viewer mused. Others in the comments reported seeing skulls, unicorns, and pandas in the image. Then again, those viewers may have been trying to avoid the harsh realities that the personality profile revealed. “That was too accurate,” an anxious commenter wrote. “I’m going to die alone.” “That’s a lie,” another scoffed. “My family hates me and romance is complicated.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.