Chloe Khan has revealed she’s spent £1 million on plastic surgery, getting work done on her boobs, bum and even her vagina. The revelation comes as the glamour model and reality star, 29, also says she raked in millions from OnlyFans to fund her cosmetic enhancements. Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Chloe said: “Oh my God – how much have I spent on surgery? I would say overall, over the years, a million pounds. “Not just surgery, but on hair extensions and facials, skincare and non-surgical procedures. I have a lot of upkeep as well, and I’m always in the hair salon.” Chloe also explained exactly what she has had done over the years, putting to rest any speculation. The influencer, who is a mum to daughter Destiny, 13, reveals: “I’ve actually only had two boob jobs, which people don’t believe because my boobs are so big. But I’m going to get a boob job again soon. “I don’t want to go bigger or smaller – I just want a refresh. I’ll stay the same size. She added: “I also have had veneers, three nose jobs, two sets of butt implants, and a Brazilian Bum Lift. I’ve had a designer vagina – don’t forget that one!” On the topic of her enhanced lady parts, she explained: “It’s just beautified basically. You can get it tightened and I think I feel a difference. She insisted: “I didn’t get it because I’ve had a baby. I was fine there – I didn’t need it, but the bum implant surgery was invasive, and it requires a lot of down time, so I thought I’d rather suffer from multiple rewards, rather than just one. “I thought I may as well. In for a penny, in for a pound. So I just got a little cheeky designer vagina when I was there. It was quite cute.” Not all of her surgeries have gone to plan however. “I got an infection in my butt implants, so I had to have them changed,” Chloe reveals. The glam brunette, who shot to fame on The X Factor back in 2010 and has appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, says she won’t be gracing our screens again. “I’m done with reality TV” she vows. “My big thing is OnlyFans – it’s crazy money. It’s crazy, crazy money. I’ve been on it for four years and I’ve been on it from very early days before it was really big, so I got really close to the whole company. “I’ve been a long-standing OnlyFans person and I’ve definitely made into the millions. I’ve done extremely well on there. I’m in the very top ranks of it. “ The Wakefield-born lass, who has also lived in Las Vegas and Dubai and been a Playboy model, also shared her thoughts on Katie Price joining the platform. “The thing with Katie Price is I’m pretty sure she’s been given quite a large sum to join, so she doesn’t care about what she’s posting or putting on there, “Chloe says. “She’s basically been headhunted to join, and they have a very big budget to get main people. I know that they’re giving crazy money for people to join.” And Chloe has a lot of sympathy for Hollyoaks star Sarah Jayne Dunn, who lost her job after appearing on the racy site. “I felt really sorry for Sarah,” she adds. “For me OnlyFans is only another form of social media, but with sexier content. I don’t see it as something seedy or strange.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.