Nets coach Steve Nash promised his team would make the Knicks’ RJ Barrett earn everything he would get Wednesday night. And under the guidance of Nash, Barrett’s godfather, the Nets did just that. Barrett scored 23 points in the Knicks’ 110-98 loss at the Garden, but ultimately it was a rough evening against the Nets’ defense, especially in the second half. He shot just 7-for-27 and 2-for-11 from 3-point range (he did go 7-for-12 from the free-throw line), and had three turnovers. He was a dud in the fourth quarter, when the Nets grabbed the game by outscoring the Knicks 38-16. “I was aggressive. I had six assists in the first half, one in the second,’’ Barrett said afterward. “I didn’t make the best reads the whole game, I feel. I just think … tough second half.’’ Before the game, Nash said of his godson: “I think it’s really important to make him earn it. I can’t give him any freebies as his godfather. He’s got to earn it. I gotta give him some tough love and toughen him up. He’s obviously improving and playing great basketball. He’s just got a great mentality and a great work ethic. And I think that’s what’s going to make him a special player in this league for a long time.” Barrett said it wasn’t as much Nash’s scheme as it was the set defense the Nets were able to play because they were draining shots. Nash and Barrett’s father, Rowan, were teammates on Team Canada back in the day. Rowan is now general manager of Team Canada. Barrett’s play during the second half of the season is putting him in line for a hefty contract extension — whether that will be the rookie max of $181 million or not is a flashpoint. In his first remarks about a potential extension, Barrett sounded as if he were campaigning. He could finish the season averaging more than 20 points per game (he’s at 20.1). He has, however, taken dips in field-goal, 3-point and free-throw percentages. “I think this year I’ve shown who I am,” Barrett said. “I’ve shown toughness. I’ve shown that I’m resilient just being that everyday guy. I had COVID. I got hurt a couple games. But just try to be here through anything. “More than that, I just want to be a team guy. I just want to win. So, it hasn’t gone perfect.” Mitchell Robinson sat out with an illness, giving rookie center Jericho Sims his fourth start. Sims posted his first career double-double, with 10 points and 13 rebounds, while adding three blocks, including one against fellow Texas Longhorn Kevin Durant. Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said Cam Reddish, who injured the AC joint in his right shoulder in early March, hasn’t progressed to the point at which he can shoot. “Just rehab,’’ Thibodeau said. The Knicks traded a conditional first-round pick, belonging to Charlotte, and Kevin Knox to the Hawks for Reddish in January. Reddish, a 2019 lottery pick, has been out since March 7 and has played in just 15 games for the Knicks. With the G-League season over, power forward Feron Hunt, on a two-way contract, dressed for the first time, but didn’t play. … Quentin Grimes rested his right knee after returning Sunday at Orlando following a four-game absence. Grimes initially dislocated his knee Feb. 25.