Dealing with dandruff isn’t only uncomfortable, but it leads to itching and scratching all day long if left untreated. There is nothing fun about flakes falling from your scalp — luckily an alleviating shampoo can help. First things first: what is dandruff? The condition arises “when there is inflammation mixed with yeast overgrowth on the scalp skin that results is an overgrowth and flaking off of the top layer of skin cells,” Nava Greenfield, MD, a board-certified dermatologist at Schweiger Dermatology Group and clinical instructor at Mount Sinai department of dermatology, told the New York Post. To help make your scalp as healthy as can be, our experts cherry-picked 14 of the best dandruff shampoos to try ASAP and answered some of your most-asked questions on the topic. After testing more than 30 of the best shampoos this year — along with the best dry shampoos and personalized haircare brands — these formulas are some of our favorites. Click to jump to the best dandruff shampoos: “Dry scalp is a condition that’s often confused with dandruff but consists of smaller flakes from the scalp and due to lack of scalp moisture causing irritation,” Avnee Shah, MD, a board-certified dermatologist at Schweiger Dermatology Group, told The Post. According to Shah, it can also be itchy and, sometimes, patients have dry spots on other areas of the body, too. “Think of this condition more in climates with cold, dry air as well as in those with sensitivities to scalp products,” she adds. “Occasionally it can be helpful to use a prescription topical steroid solution or lotion, or sometimes a hair or scalp mask, which stays on the skin longer and may be more effective at treating and calming irritation [than a regular dandruff shampoo],” Jennifer Chwalek, MD, a board-certified dermatologist at Unionderm in NYC, told the New York Post. “When using shampoos, it’s important to really lather them into the scalp and let them sit for a few minutes before rinsing,” Chwalek said. If experiencing dandruff, ingredients are a top consideration. “Dry scalp would need hydration,” per Greenfield. “Shampoos that have oils and gentle cleansers would be ideal.” Dandruff would also benefit from a shampoo that is yeast-fighting like selenuim sulfide or pyrithione zinc, she adds. While shampooing looks different for everyone, our expert has specific suggestions for dandruff, specifically. “I recommend washing the scalp three to four times weekly to keep the oil buildup in check,” Shah advises. Many of these shampoo ingredients are drying on actual hair, too, so think of these shampoos as scalp shampoos and use only on scalp, she adds. “T/Gel is tar-based and provides anti-dandruff properties,” Greenfield shares. “It’s [sold at] an excellent price point and can be a great addition for occasional replacement of normalcy used shampoo.” Not to mention, you can’t beat the less-than-$15 price point. Like the T/Gel Shampoo, Neutrogena’s T/Sal Therapeutic Shampoo is also tar-based with anti-dandruff properties. If you want the most bang for your buck, head to Amazon to snag the two-pack deal for less than $25 to really say goodbye to dandruff. “Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength is a more potent version of the regular Head & Shoulders and uses selenium sulfide to treat dandruff and dry scalp,” Greenfield explains. To help hydrate your hair, Amazon has a two-pack — with the paired conditioner — for less than $20. Made with dermatologist-recommended Zinc Pyrithione, Jupiter’s Balancing Shampoo is also infused with mint, vanilla, sage and lavender (aka, your scalp’s taste of heaven). It’s also formulated coconut oil and algae extract, which “will help the scalp with dandruff but also hydrate intensely,” per Greenfield. “It has a cooling feeling on the scalp which is very soothing for itchy, irritated skin,” Chwalek adds. With a name like Dove, how can you go wrong? According to Greenfield, “this is a very well priced shampoo using pyrithione zinc as an active ingredient to treat dandruff.” As one of our favorite shampoo brands we tested, we stand by Briogeo seven days a week, 24 hours a day. “This product uses salicylic and lactic acids to fight both flaking dry skin and dandruff,” Greenfield said. “These ingredients will also help alleviate oil and dead skin buildup.” Chwalek also recommends this shampoo. “The charcoal and AHA/BHA shampoo has charcoal and tea tree oil, which help to control flaking and seborrheic dermatitis (by helping to gently exfoliate the scalp and control oil production),” she adds. “This shampoo also is formulated with glycerin, coconut oil and hyaluronic acid to help hydrate and moisturize the scalp and hair.” Loved by Greenfield, First Aid Beauty’s Anti-Dandruff Shampoo has 1% of the top-rated ingredient for dandruff — Pyrithione Zinc. “This shampoo is color-safe and also has ingredients to calm the scalp like calendula as well as peptides to strengthen and smooth the hair,” Chwalek adds, also recommending the formula. If we’re being honest, Amika is one of most beloved haircare brands (check out our edit on our go-to curling irons and wands for more). “Charcoal and clay have both been found to help maintain skin health and balance,” Greenfield notes. Impressively, they’re both found in this product. According to Greenfield, OUAI’s Detox Shampoo is an apple cider shampoo that “provides a deeper cleanse than other products.” If your scalp becomes too oily too quickly, she recommends this product to help control oil buildup. “Apple cider vinegar is thought to help by restoring the pH of the scalp and reducing dandruff,” Chwalek explains further. “It also is known to have antimicrobial properties so it may help to balance the scalp microbiome which again can reduce flares of seborrhea.” If you’re on the hunt for one of the best products in the professional beauty realm, Oribe is it. “Salicylic acid is a tried and true ingredient that benefits the skin by gently exfoliating dead skin cells and oil buildup,” according to Greenfield. “This product combines mint leaves, a calming and soothing scalp skin ingredient with pyrithione zinc, an ingredient known to provide both anti-yeast and anti-inflammtory properties,” Greenfield shares. Not to mention, you’re getting a big bottle to make it all worth adding to your cart. According to Shah, Selsun Blue’s Moisturizing Anti-Dandruff Shampoo is a great yeast-fighter. “It can also be great for some fungal rashes of the body,” she adds. Impressively, Nizoral’s Anti-Dandruff Shampoo has 1% Ketoconazole, which is an “ingredient used as an anti-yeast medication,” per Shah. With a fresh and clean scent, it’s a great, well-priced buy to help your scalp in the long run. Dove’s Hydration Spa Therapy Shampoo with Hyaluronic Acid contains glycerin which, according to Shah, “is a great moisturizing agent that helps prevent the loss of water from skin to the outside environment.” The ingredient also serves as protection from harsh ingredients that may be found in products contributing to dry scalp, she adds. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.