It may not be a love potion, but could it be the next best thing? Women reported a decrease in sexual activity and higher levels of sexual dysfunction during the coronavirus pandemic, citing a myriad of causes. But as people are attempting to return to a post-COVID “normal,” women are turning to libido pills in an attempt to revive their sex lives. Health and lifestyle companies have flooded the market with a wide variety of products — from pills to powders — in an effort to spice things up. Women’s sex drives and desires have long been a subject of great mystery and even misinformation. However, research has shown that a low sex drive is the most common complaint women report regarding their sexual lives. Like many health issues, a low libido can be caused by an array of factors such as lifestyle, hormone imbalances, mental health, illnesses and diseases, and can’t always be remedied with a panacea. Pills to help men’s sex drives and erectile dysfunction (ED) issues have become exceedingly common, with global spending on ED drugs like Viagra already estimated at nearly $2 billion. But similar fixes for women — a female Viagra, of sorts — have been rare. That is, until recently. As women began reporting an increase of issues with their sex lives over the past two years, companies have jumped at the chance to help solve the issue with a “magic pill.” Last fall, Goop launched new DTF (“Down To F – – k”) pills “to support women’s sexual desire, arousal, and mood” with purported help from ingredients like fenugreek extract and the herb shatavari, while Moon Juice began selling Sex Dust to ignite “creative energy, in and out of the bedroom,” with a “blend informed by Traditional Chinese Medicine.” Meanwhile, Rae now offers In The Mood Capsules — billed as “a powerful blend of L-arginine, ginseng, maca and ashwagandha” — in order to “stimulate and fuel your desire.” Per the company’s website, the supplement has garnered more than 1,500 reviews, earning 3.6 out of 5 stars. “The last few years between work, children and struggling with anxiety my desire has completely tanked and it was starting to negatively affect my relationship with my husband. I started reading about supplements I could use and stumbled upon this. WOW. What a difference this had made in my life,” posted an In The Mood reviewer named Hannah. “I was skeptical two small pills would impact me but after a few weeks of taking this daily I am a believer! If you’re debating about adding these to your cart just do it. I did not realize how much I missed feeling \’in the mood\’ until I actually felt it again,” she continued. Sex Dust also received praise, with 551 reviews rating the product 4.5 out of 5 stars. “This dust makes subtle changes inside your body that you can really feel! I have only used it for a month, but I can tell that it is awakening that elusive spice that can become lost for a woman of 67,” wrote one user who goes by Helen S. While studies have shown that some natural supplements like maca root and fenugreek seed may increase a woman’s libido, much of the research regarding female sex drive is anecdotal and difficult to confirm. Several health experts have questioned the validity and science behind some of these pills, with Timothy Caulfield — research director of the University of Alberta’s Health Law Institute — calling Goop’s DTF pills “more exploitive noise (wrapped in bogus ’empowerment’ rhetoric).” But Dr. Tami Rowen, an associate professor of obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive sciences at the University of California, San Francisco, explained to Yahoo Life! last year that “the placebo effect accounts for 30 to 50 percent of any drug response.” “So, sure, maybe,” she said when asked whether they could work.