Bill Murray is in professional purgatory. Filming of the 71-year-old “SNL” legend’s upcoming movie “Being Mortal” has been suspended after a complaint was reportedly filed specifically against the actor, alleging “inappropriate behavior.” The bombshell was dropped last week and production was temporarily halted on Monday, according to Deadline. On Thursday, however, the film was ceased indefinitely amid an investigation into the “Ghostbusters” star’s on-set actions. “After reviewing the circumstances, it has been decided that production cannot continue at this time,” Searchlight Pictures wrote in a letter issued to cast and crew. “We are truly grateful to all of you for everything you’ve put into this project.” Principal photography began last month on “Being Mortal,” which was written by controversial comedian Aziz Ansari, who is also directing and co-starring in the film alongside Seth Rogen. Ansari and Rogen reportedly are not a part of the investigation. The Post has reached out for comment from representatives for Murray, Ansari and Rogen. Murray is one of America’s most beloved actors, but the “Groundhog Day” star has a long history of making enemies on the sets of his TV and film projects. Back in 2000, Murray famously fell out with co-star Lucy Liu while filming “Charlie’s Angels,” with Liu claiming Murray made “inexcusable and unacceptable” comments to her on set. “Charlie’s Angels” co-star Drew Barrymore also addressed the incident last year, saying: “What really happened was Bill was just in a — you know, comedians can be a little dark sometimes — and he just came in in a bad mood.” Meanwhile, “Charlie’s Angels” director McG additionally claimed that Murray headbutted him on the set of the action flick. “Square in the head,” McG told the Guardian in May 2009. “An inch later and my nose would have been obliterated.” Murray vehemently denied the claim. “That’s bulls–t! That’s complete crap!” he responded in an interview with the Times of London in October 2009. “I don’t know why he made that story up. He has a very active imagination.” Elsewhere, Oscar winner Richard Dreyfuss described Murray as a “drunken bully” who allegedly threw an ashtray at his face when they worked together on the 1991 film “What About Bob?” “He put his face next to me, nose-to-nose, and he screamed at the top of his lungs, ‘Everyone hates you! You are tolerated!’” Dreyfuss recalled of the incident in a Yahoo! interview in June 2019. “There was no time to react because he leaned back and he took a modern glass-blown ashtray,” he continued. “He threw it at my face from [only a couple feet away]. And it weighed about three-quarters of a pound. And he missed me. He tried to hit me. I got up and left.” Meanwhile, the film’s writer and producer, Laura Ziskin, told the Los Angeles Times in 2003 that Murray made threatening comments to her. Ziskin once said a disagreement between them resulted in Murray tossing her into a lake, although she called it “playful.” “Bill … threatened to throw me across the parking lot and then broke my sunglasses and threw them across the parking lot,” she told the publication. Back in 1978, Murray infamously got into a physical altercation with comedian Chevy Chase on the set of “Saturday Night Live.” According to the book “Live From New York: An Uncensored History of Saturday Night Live,” it began with the two trading insults. Murray told Chase to go have sex with Jacqueline Carlin, Chase’s then-wife, while Chase childishly retorted that Murray’s face looked “like something Neil Armstrong landed on.” It quickly escalated to a physical dustup witnessed by cast members Jane Curtin, Laraine Newman and Gilda Radner. Newman described the fight as “very sad and painful and awful” during a June 2021 appearance on “Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen.” Murray is also said to have had a physical altercation with longtime friend and director Harold Ramis on the set of 1993’s “Groundhog Day.” Ramis allegedly grabbed Murray by the shirt collar and threw him against a wall during a heated creative dispute. Ramis’ daughter, Violet Ramis Stiel, revealed in her 2018 book, “Ghostbuster’s Daughter: Life With My Dad, Harold Ramis,” that Murray wouldn’t speak to his old pal for over 20 years. She said her dad “tried not to take it personally,” but he felt “heartbroken, confused and yet unsurprised by the rejection.” Just before Ramis died in February 2014, Murray managed to reconcile with the actor. Meanwhile, Murray reportedly left screen legend Anjelica Huston “hurt” when he failed to invite her to a dinner party while filming “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou.” “The first week I was there [filming in Italy], we were all in this little hotel, and he invited the entire cast to go and have dinner, except me,” Huston told Vulture in May 2019. “I was really hurt,” she continued. “And then I think we met again in Florence, because that movie was shot all over Italy, and we were doing a scene at Gore Vidal’s house in Ravello, and [Murray] said, ‘Hey, how’ve you been? I missed you.’ I said, ‘You’re full of s–t. You didn’t miss me.’ He looked all confused for a moment.” However, Murray and Huston later made up, with the “Lost in Translation” actor showing up at the funeral of Huston’s husband, Robert Graham, in 2008. “He couldn’t have been nicer that day,” Huston stated. “He showed up. A lot of people didn’t.”