The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy gives his Top 10 offensive linemen in this year’s 2022 NFL Draft, based on evaluations and conversations with people around the league: Prototypical left tackle made 40 career starts at three positions over three years and can be an immediate elite player. Never has 337 pounds looked so lean. Dominant in pass and run games. Best of many recent Alabama blockers. His next team must ask in 2022 and throughout the future: Do we need an All-Pro guard or a very good tackle? Powerful run-blocker who buries defenders into ground. Highest grades in character. Developing pass-blocker. Ran 40-yard dash in 4.95 seconds — a taste of tantalizing athleticism. Stifles all pass-rushers no matter how many moves, but inexperienced in run-blocking, which has slowed development of other products of the Air Raid offense. So determined to prove toughness stepping up in competition at Senior Bowl that he almost was too excessive finishing blocks. Checks all the physical boxes. Benefits from success of many other FCS offensive linemen in NFL. Handles blitzes with quick-sliding feet and good recognition. Laughed at idea of sitting out bowl game to prepare for draft (scouts love that leadership), but then injured his foot. Picture of being fundamentally sound. Didn’t allow a single pressure last season and committed just one penalty on 2,271 career snaps, according to ESPN. Brute strength plays well on double teams and in a phone booth, less so when asked to pull. Started last season at four positions — guard and tackle on both sides of the line — but profiles as a road-grader running backs follow. Subject to holding penalties because he can be overly aggressive and relies on his hands. Boom-or-bust projection who could be a star in the making if the right coach and right system harness his athleticism and nasty streak. Needs to trust technique longer instead of relying on raw skill. Could struggle against complex blitzes. Just scratching the surface of his potential after mid-career move from tight end. Receptive to coaching, but still hasn’t seen the variety of pass-moves he will in NFL. Will wipe-out tacklers on screen passes. Scouts thought he might be a first-rounder in 2023, but he came out of school despite struggles against top Big Ten rushers. Played on both edges. Athleticism that can’t be taught. Raimann: Foreign-exchange student from Austria who gained more than 70 pounds without losing the athleticism and quick feet of a pass-catcher. High motor seen running down field looking for second and third blocks. Linderbaum: Borderline top-10 prospect when the season ended. Pushed to late first round by injury and debate over how early is too early to draft a center. Chiefs’ Creed Humphrey was a huge difference-maker as a rookie second-round pick. G Cole Strange, Chattanooga, 6-5, 307 pounds: Started 44 games (41 at left guard) and used six years of eligibility. Smart, tough and just about every other desired intangible. Doesn’t back down from a challenge. Is he too big to play center? Probably.