New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your bet on The Masters 2022 risk-free. A giant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, as the most prestigious golf tournament is upon us. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer, and bet on The Masters risk-free. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  The world’s top men’s golfers are set to tee off for the first major of the year, the 2022 Masters Tournament. The 86th edition of the iconic event will be held from 7-10 April at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, USA. Unlike the rest of the major championships, there are no qualifying tournaments or alternates for the Masters which is an invitation event and the most exclusive of the four majors. There will be 91 men battling for the Green Jacket this week, with all the world’s best golfers involved.  Olympic champion Xander Schauffele will look to better his 2021 performance, which saw The 28-year-old Californian tied third, also sharing second place in 2019. Twelve months after becoming Japan’s first men’s major winner, and Asia’s first Masters champion, Matsuyama hopes to be back to defend his title. After winning his season-opener at the Sony Open in Hawaii, a back injury kept him out of the Players Championship. He returned to action at this week’s Texas Open, but a neck problem saw him withdraw during the second round. No such problems for Scottie Scheffler who arrives in Georgia as the new world number one thanks to a spectacular 2022 so far. The 25-year-old from New Jersey had never won on the PGA Tour before this season and was perhaps best known for being the last man to shoot 59 in a professional tournament, at the 2020 Northern Trust. But victories in February’s Phoenix Open, the Arnold Palmer Invitational and the WGC Match Play saw him knock Spaniard Jon Rahm off top spot just in time for the first major of the year. Rahmbo is still shooting well though, and is favorite headed into the tournament.  Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change.