The heartbroken sister of Brooklyn subway shooting suspect Frank James said she was “devastated” over the rush-hour mayhem — and was startled to find out about his arrest from a reporter on Wednesday. Catherine James Robinson, of the Bronx, clamped up upon learning from a Post reporter that her 62-year-old brother was taken into custody by NYPD cops in the East Village. “OK, well then, I’ve said enough already,” Robinson told The Post. Asked for comment on her brother’s arrest, she said, “I don’t know, because they said he was just a suspect.” “I don’t know, I have to find out what happened,” she continued before abruptly ending the conversation. James’ sister said in a brief phone interview she was crushed when she saw photos of her brother on newscasts and police asking for the public’s help in tracking him down. “I was devastated, I cried,” Robinson said. “I feel bad, that’s my brother.” Robinson said that her brother was a recluse who was intensely private and that they had not spoken to each other since their younger sister died several years ago. “He kept to himself, he was a loner,” she said. “Yes, he was.” Get the latest updates in the Brooklyn subway shooting with The Post’s live coverage. Robinson she had been shown his social media pages — including some packed with violent threats – but insisted she never watched any of the vile footage. “Somebody showed me, but I never looked at it,” she said. James, who has addresses in Philadelphia and Wisconsin, was arrested some 30 hours after he allegedly disguised himself as a construction worker and fired 33 rounds onboard a Manhattan-bound N train in Sunset Park during the early-morning rush. James’ sister stopped short of characterizing their relationship as estranged, but said she had no knowledge of his charged opinions on race, politics and threats of gun violence he regularly posted online. His Facebook profile was removed Wednesday after The Post inquired if it violated any content policies. “No, no, no, no, I don’t know anything that he was into,” Robinson said. “I know nothing.” Additional reporting by Oumou Fofana