Hunter Biden — whose questionable foreign business dealings are attracting more attention to him and his father, President Biden — showed up at the White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday with his wife and 2-year-old son in tow. The first son was spotted holding his own son, Beau, while wife Melissa Cohen looked on during Monday afternoon’s Easter celebration, the first to be held at the White House since 2019 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was the first sighting of Hunter Biden since March 30 — the same day the Washington Post admitted the authenticity of the emails from Biden’s infamous laptop, first reported on by the New York Post a year and a half before. The New York Times also belatedly confirmed the authenticity of the emails just two weeks before. Monday’s ceremony, which attracted thousands of children and adults to the White House lawn, was held in soggy conditions and under gray skies. “My job is to keep it from raining for another two minutes,” Biden joked at the top of remarks welcoming the audience to the event. Other Biden family members attending the egg roll included the president’s daughter, Ashley, and Natalie Biden — the daughter of Beau Biden, the president’s son who died in 2015 of brain cancer. Hunter Biden and his family arrived back at the White House Sunday evening after spending Easter weekend with his father​ and first lady Jill Biden at Camp David. The first son’s visit to the White House comes amid heightened scrutiny over his business relationships in Ukraine and China, including whether he benefited from his father’s political influence to earn lucrative payouts and whether his father helped facilitate those connections. Last week, a group of Republican House members asked the Department of Justice to update Congress on investigations into Hunter Biden, saying his overseas interests could potentially involve violations of civil or criminal law by the president and members of his administration. Delaware US Attorney David Weiss is already investigating whether Hunter Biden committed tax fraud by not fully accounting for the money he was paid to sit on the board of Burisma, a Ukrainian energy company, in which he was paid as much as $50,000 a month. Along with his connections to Burisma, the lawmakers want information on Hunter’s relationships with foreign nationals in China, Serbia and Kazakhstan, the laptop that contains “potentially compromising material” and any efforts to help White House chief of staff Ron Klain raise $20,000 for the Vice President’s Residence Foundation. The Post first reported about Hunter Biden’s shady business dealings in a series of exposes beginning in October 2020 that were based on information found on a laptop that the son left behind at a Delaware computer repair shop. Initially, most media outlets refused to follow up on the stories, claiming they might have been disinformation planted by Russian intelligence. However, recent confirmation by the mainstream media that the laptop and its contents are real have led to more calls to examine Hunter Biden’s foreign business transactions.