Laptops, like most of our electronics, come in an endless selection of models, sizes and features. But sometimes, we crave a new one to keep up with the latest speed and included gizmos. Luckily, HP is hosting an incredible Spring Sale to not only gear you up for the warm, in-bloom temps but to offer an array of its top laptops and desktops for a fraction of the cost. Whether you’re a podcast host who needs an up-to-date model to pair with the best USB microphones or a nine-to-fiver who wants to stash one into your commuter backpack, HP definitely has a few up its sleeve for you to shop. With promo code SPRINGSALEHP10 or SPRINGSALEHP5, depending on the model, you’ll snag up to $400 off select computers to give your smart home devices a nice refresh. Ahead, find the top models featured in HP’s Spring Sale we recommend. You surely won’t be disappointed with these easy-to-pack picks. With the latest AMD processor and advanced graphics, there’s no other desktop than HP’s Omen. Not only will it elevate your gaming experience tenfold but it has a built-in cooling system to prevent overheating, ensuring it’s up-to-speed and worry-free to use. If you lean toward PCs, HP’s Pavilion is a stunning, slim and sleek option that has a beautiful interface. It’s on our wishlist, too, notably for its flicker-free display, anti-glare display (with a low light sensor to help protect your eyes, much like your blue light glasses). For a simple computer that’s now less than $800, HP’s All-in-One PC is an easy-to-use option for your standing desk (while sitting in one of our favorite office chairs). It also has a full HD display and dual speakers to provide a cinematic experience at home. Now, this model is high-tech. Not only is HP’s Chromebase a desktop you’d envision Google Headquarters having on its desks but its slim click-clack keyboard and modern mouse complete the look. For less than $700, it’s a fast, well-pictured grab. There’s a reason HP’s Envy Laptop has a widespread following: it’s super speedy, holds a long charge and stores ample memory to have you more productive than ever. Now, it’s less than $1,000, so pick it up ASAP before HP’s Spring Sale comes to a halt. HP’s Pavilion Laptop is nearly identical in looks to its Envy counterpart, providing a slim screen and vivid picture quality for efficient use. Its micro-edge bezel screen is one of its highlights, along with a larger screen-to-body ratio for enhanced performance. If you’re into tablets, you’ll adore HP’s Spectre Convertible Laptop. As its name suggests, the model has touchscreen abilities and converts into a lightweight tablet with an included rechargeable pen. For this reason, it’s ideal for students and commuters, especially. Meet HP’s Omen Laptop, a charming gaming laptop with a colorful keyboard, stunning display and near-eternal battery life. Not to mention, it has all the ports for external hard drives and devices you’ll ever need. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.