This isn’t the draft list that Sam Howell was supposed to be sitting atop. Considered by some to be the top quarterback prospect entering the 2021 college football season, Howell instead is the best player available Saturday entering the fourth round of the 2022 NFL Draft. Only four quarterbacks were taken in the first 105 picks – including three between picks No. 74 and No. 94 – but there are few teams left in the market for a youngster. Maybe the Seahawks? Commanders? Saints? Vikings? Here are the 10 best available players entering Saturday, when the fourth through seventh rounds will be held beginning at noon. Each player’s rank on The Post’s pre-draft Top 100 Big Board is included in parentheses. The first non-top-100 player selected was by the Giants — with receiver Wan’Dale Robinson at No. 43. Like Mississippi’s Matt Corral, the offense he played in at college doesn’t make for a smooth transition to NFL. Took 33 sacks or more in each of his three seasons starting. Sneaky effective on designed runs. Named after the late iconic NBA star. Four-year starter (63 career games!) went to next level playing opposite Sauce Gardner, with 25 passes defended and seven interceptions in 2020-21. Uses hands to disrupt receivers at the snap. Topped 100 yards rushing 16 times and nearly reached 3,000 yards in his career. Vision is his best trait. More than just a check-down receiving option, as his game-winning touchdown catch against Colorado showed. Seventeen of 42 tackles over last two seasons went for loss, as he stuck out his rangy arms. No. 1 defensive tackle in 2020 recruiting class after two years at junior college.  SEC schools offered Australia native scholarships before he ever played football, based on size and athleticism. Opted out of 2020 but was First-Team All-Big Ten in 2021. Strictly a right tackle. Powerful run-blocker. Plenty to learn. Three-year starter at right tackle who could be asked to move inside. Desire to be physical tone-setter sometimes leads him out of position. First consensus All-American offensive lineman at Kentucky since 1965. Went viral at Combine for continuing undeterred through multiple drills when his left shoe kept slipping off. Here’s a position change you don’t see every day: Receiver to edge rusher. Never started a game on defense. Size and speed combination. Fastest play speed (22.45 miles per hour) of any player in Senior Bowl’s history recording times. Followed up with 4.26-second 40-yard dash (and 42-inch vertical jump) at Combine. Former wide receiver needs technical development. Allowed only one sack at left tackle last season despite facing Aidan Hutchinson, David Ojabo, Kingsley Enagbare and possible 2023 No. 1 overall pick Will Anderson. Blocked at all five positions over career. Too often loses leverage in run game. High-motor, versatile defensive lineman who played on interior as a freshman and could again in NFL sub packages. His 28.9 percent pass-rush win rate led all FBS defenders in 2021, according to Pro Football Focus.