President Biden should have gone to Ukraine when he traveled to Europe last month, the country’s deputy prime minister said Monday after the White House confirmed the commander-in-chief had “no plans” to visit Kyiv anytime soon. “It would have been a huge symbolic step to show that he is not afraid of the world’s rapist, of the world’s butcher, [Russian President Vladimir] Putin, that has covered Europe in the bodies of Ukrainian women and that is conducting mass atrocities live on air,” Iryna Vereshchuk told CNN. “And this would have been a symbolic and historic step, but it didn’t happen. It would have been a symbolic step to come to Ukraine and it would have been powerful, but it needs to go also hand-in-hand with the action to stop oil and gas, to stop this flow of dollars and euros to Russia to fund their aggression, and to stop this rape of Europe.” Questions about Biden’s travel plans followed a surprise visit to the Ukrainian capital by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson Saturday. Johnson walked the deserted streets of Kyiv with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky as the British government announced plans to send anti-ship missile systems and 120 armored vehicles as part of a $130 million shipment of military equipment. “It is because of President Zelensky’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted,” Johnson said. “The UK stands unwaveringly with them in this fight, and we are in it for the long run.” On Sunday, national security adviser Jake Sullivan told NBC’s “Meet The Press.” that “President Biden doesn’t currently have any plans to travel to Kyiv.” Moderator Chuck Todd had told Sullivan that Johnson’s visit with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky had been “quite the symbol” and asked: “Would you rule it out? If there was a reason to go, he [Biden] would get there?” “President Biden has been to Kyiv before,” Sullivan responded. “He looks forward to going to Kyiv again. But we’re not currently planning a trip.” Last month, Biden traveled to Rzeszow, Poland, about 60 miles from the border with Ukraine, to receive a briefing on the refugee crisis caused by Russia’s invasion — but got no closer to the frontier. “I’m here in Poland to see firsthand the humanitarian crisis and quite frankly, part of my disappointment is that I can’t see it firsthand like I have in other places,” Biden said during his visit, adding that “they will not let me, understandably, I guess, cross the border and take a look at what’s going on in Ukraine.” It was unclear to whom Biden was referring by saying “they.” At the time of the president’s visit, Russian troops were involved in daily battles with Ukrainian forces in the suburbs surrounding Kyiv. They began to withdraw earlier this month in apparent preparation for a large-scale assault in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine. Republicans on Sunday were quick to point out the differences between the weekend activities of Biden and Johnson. “Boris Johnson went to Kyiv this weekend. Joe Biden went on his 32nd weekend vacation to Delaware,” Republican National Committee chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said on Twitter Sunday. Rep. Peter Meijer posted a picture of Johnson and Zelensky meeting on Saturday. ”At this point nearly every major NATO/EU country has shown strong public support by sending either a head of state, legislative delegation, or senior diplomatic official to Kiev to meet with President Zelensky,” the Michigan Republican said on Saturday. ”Except US.” A bipartisan group of House members, led by Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), traveled to Poland over the weekend to meet with refugees, local leaders and American troops. Vereshchuk told CNN Monday that those lawmakers should come to Ukraine as well. “Every time we see people — not across the [TV] screen, but face-to-face, we can bring them information that is so important to make the right decision,” she said. “And the right decision is to stop making these half-steps and to make real steps, quickly, dynamically, and effectively. And that is what America is about. Quick, dynamic, effective decisions. That is what America and the world needs to do.”