The Post’s Zach Braziller breaks down Saturday night’s national semifinal between No. 1 Kansas and No. 2 Villanova at the Caesars Superdome: If the Wildcats are going to pull a stunner this weekend in New Orleans and cut down the nets, Collin Gillespie will need to be the best guard on the court. He will have to shed his NCAA Tournament shooting struggles — the fifth-year senior is hitting just 33 percent of his attempts in the Dance — and be at his very best to make up for the loss of fellow star guard Justin Moore (torn right Achilles tendon). Dajuan Harris Jr. is the other point guard in this game, but don’t minimize this Jayhawk’s value as a quality distributor who takes care of the ball. Edge: Villanova In the biggest game of his life, Caleb Daniels’ role will change, from a supporting piece as Villanova’s sixth man to one of its key cogs after Moore’s injury. A New Orleans native averaging 10.2 points and shooting 37.7 percent from distance, the 6-foot-4 Daniels is clearly capable. But he will have his hands full dealing with Ochai Agbaji, Kansas’ potent three-level scoring guard and the Big 12 Player of the Year. Edge: Kansas Christian Braun does a little bit of everything for Kansas as one of its top rebounders, scorers, 3-point shooters and playmakers. The 6-foot-6 wing took a major leap this year, and could be one of the best players in the country next season. Similar to Braun, Brandon Slater improved significantly this winter, but he has struggled of late, shooting just 1 of 11 in four tournament games. He has to find his offense Saturday night for the Wildcats to pull the upset. Edge: Kansas There isn’t a debate or an argument otherwise: Jermaine Samuels has been Villanova’s best player in the tournament, averaging 17.5 points and 8.5 rebounds. The ball-moving, defensively-stout senior will be tested by Jalen Wilson, a gifted athlete who like Samuels has turned it on after a slow start to his season and has posted double-double averages of 11.5 points and 10.5 rebounds in Kansas’ run to the Final Four. Edge: Villanova Sophomore forward Eric Dixon emerged this year as a reliable low-post option and quality rebounder for Villanova. He’s at a disadvantage here against David McCormack, a bigger and more physical big man. One potential edge for Dixon: the 3-point line, where he is 4-of-6 in the tournament. McCormack would prefer to remain in the paint protecting the rim. Edge: Kansas Arizona State transfer Remy Martin has been arguably Kansas’ most important player in the NCAA Tournament, its leading scorer in four games at 16.7 points. Fellow senior Mitch Lightfoot is a contributing rebounder, paint-scorer and defender in spot duty. Villanova, meanwhile, lost its most important bench piece in Daniels, now a starter after Moore’s injury, and is hoping little-used reserves Bryan Antoine or Chris Arcidiacono can contribute meaningful minutes. Edge: Kansas Bill Self and his three Final Four appearances win almost any other coaching matchup. Not this one. Not against Jay Wright, Villanova’s two-time national championship coach who has turned the Wildcats into one of the premier programs in the country as the face of the realigned Big East. An argument can be made that Self and Wright are the two of the five-best coaches in the country. Wright is our No. 1. Edge: Villanova Villanova will control pace and limit possessions. It will execute and keep the score down. It ultimately won’t matter. Kansas has too many weapons, too much scoring depth, and Villanova doesn’t have enough of them after Moore’s injury. Martin explodes late and the Wildcats go cold in the final five minutes, as Kansas reaches the title game for the first time in a decade. Kansas 67, Villanova 61