In the wake of Saturday’s playoff-clinching victory for the Rangers, Chris Kreider cited how, “Everyone bought in from Day One,” as he discussed the genesis of this successful season. That certainly seems to have been the case with what appears to be a genuinely tight circle of players willing to make sacrifices for the greater good under head coach Gerard Gallant. Except, that is, for one guy who had no interest in buying in at all. That would have been Vitali Kravtsov, who packed his bags and took his wounded pride home to Russia when informed that he would start the season with the AHL Wolf Pack in the wake of a training camp injury he had suffered that set him back. He wouldn’t even reconsider when lobbied personally by Gallant. And now, after being granted permission to play in the KHL by Blueshirts’ president-general manager Chris Drury after a brief suspension, Kravtsov is eligible to join the Rangers following his team Traktor’s elimination from the playoffs on Monday night. At this point of the year, do you know what depth is to a team that is preparing for a long playoff run? That’s gold, Jerry. Gold! Kravtsov, who recorded 10 points (seven goals, three assists) in 15 playoff games after a 19-game, 13-point (six goals, seven assists) regular season would most certainly add depth to the Blueshirts’ right side that always seems to be an injury away from crisis. But you know what and who the Rangers do not need? A player who walked out on them, that’s who. Kravtsov, that’s who the Rangers do not need, even if they could use a player with his talent. Bringing Kravtsov back now would send the wrong message. Where was he after Sammy Blais went down for the season in mid-November and the Rangers were desperate for top-six-types on the wing? Oh, he was home. Kaapo Kakko’s return on Saturday following a 31-game absence bolsters the right side that was first fortified by Drury’s acquisitions of Frank Vatrano from Florida and Andrew Copp from Winnipeg at the trade deadline. Barclay Goodrow, temporarily back at center with Filip Chytil sidelined, would be a right wing alternative. Yes, the Blueshirts would be forced to scramble in response to an injury to Vatrano or Copp. But do you think that Kravtsov would suddenly be able to hopscotch himself into a top-six role while competing in the NHL’s version of hand-to-hand combat after a season (and essentially a career) playing on large rinks? The Rangers have an active roster that features four extra forwards. That includes Chytil, who missed Saturday’s game and was questionable for Tuesday’s first-place showdown against Carolina at the Garden. That does not include Tyler Motte, who sustained what appeared to be a significant shoulder injury late in the April 7 victory over the Penguins. Kravtsov’s skillset surely sets him apart from guys on the lineup bubble such as Hunt, Ryan Reaves, Greg McKegg, Julien Gauthier and Jonny Brodzinski. But what truly sets Kravtsov apart from not only that subset of Rangers but from every player in the organization is his decision to bolt from the team when displeased by his assignment. What sets him apart is the fact that the 22-year-old (I know, he’s that young) walked out on his team. Call me crazy, but I bet that Zac Jones thought he had beaten out Nils Lundkvist for a spot on the varsity out of camp, but he didn’t look to hightail it when assigned to the Wolf Pack. Alex Georgiev has been unhappy with his role and is believed to have asked for a trade, but the goaltender never pulled some sort of job action to force his way out. Gallant seems to have a handle on his players and so does Drury. There are marquee names sprinkled through the lineup but the Rangers’ success has been a shared enterprise. The six captains — just about one for every line and defense pair — have created a leadership system that is inclusive. From Day One of camp, the Rangers talked about a different feel. There was, after three-plus years of rebuilding, reloading and reassessing through which good people Alain Vigneault, John Davidson, Jeff Gorton and David Quinn lost their jobs, a different atmosphere. There was an unspoken mandate to make the playoffs that the team embraced. There was buy-in and it was universal. Except for Kravtsov. Bringing him back now would be a betrayal to the room and to everything the Rangers have stood for during this season of sacrifice and revival.