WASHINGTON — On a night that was supposed to be about Mad Max, the Mets were just plain mad. Francisco Lindor became the fourth Mets batter in 14 innings to leave an at-bat bruised, which set off a benches-clearing skirmish in what became a 7-3 win over the Nationals on Friday night in Max Scherzer’s Mets debut. A game that had everything — including a 14-minute delay to start because the lights did not work, that brouhaha and a 38-minute ninth-inning rain delay — left the Mets angry, united and unblemished through two contests. What had been building for a game and a half exploded in the fifth inning. Lindor squared to bunt, but the second pitch thrown by reliever Steve Cishek came at his head. Lindor was hit by the pitch (he said afterward he believed the ball struck him in the helmet flap), then hit the ground — and the Mets began pouring onto the field while pointing at Cishek. “I don’t want to really hear about intent,” said Buck Showalter, who led the charge. “You’re throwing up in there, those things can’t happen. Max didn’t have any trouble controlling the ball tonight.” Both sides pushed and shoved and both bullpens streamed onto the field. The sides exchanged no punches, but plenty of curses. Lindor was on the ground for a portion of the festivities before he arose and left the game with a trainer. Cishek and Nationals third-base coach Gary DiSarcina, a former Mets coach, were tossed. Cishek later apologized to Lindor. The X-rays on the shortstop’s jaw were negative, and Lindor passed a concussion test. “I’m proud of being a New York Met,” said a heartened Lindor, sporting a bruise on his chin and possibly a cracked tooth. “I got hit, I was on the ground, I hear something. I look up, my entire team is out there — the whole entire coaching staff is out there. … That says a lot.” Showalter said the Mets were unhappy Thursday, when James McCann was hit twice by pitches and Pete Alonso was beaned by a pitch that grazed off his shoulder, hit his helmet flap and bloodied his mouth. The Mets have plunked one batter in the series — Scherzer hit Washington’s Josh Bell in the lower leg in the second inning Friday. The chilly night perhaps affected how well pitchers could grip the ball. “The ball got away from Cishek there,” Scherzer said of the veteran, who was ejected not because of intent but, according to a pool report with crew chief Mark Carlson, because he escalated the situation. “It’s a cold night. The ball can slip on you.” Before the altercation, Starling Marte lined a double that drove in Brandon Nimmo, which proved to be the game winner. Marte, who went 2-for-5 with three RBIs, also provided insurance after the altercation, when he stroked a two-run single in the sixth that turned a lot of the Mets’ anger into celebration. None of the drama seemed to affect Scherzer, who more resembled Calm Max for the remainder of the game. After the long layoff between innings, he needed just 23 pitches to quietly sit down his former teammates over the next two innings, restoring some order to the contest. Scherzer — who true to his reputation, was fully focused throughout, not bothering with ceremony or nostalgia — was not perfect, but he did not need to be. He allowed three runs on a walk and three hits in six innings, including a two-run homer to Bell in the fourth inning that tied the score at 3-3. For his part, Scherzer wanted no compassion. In good pal Juan Soto first at-bat, the superstar aggressively showed bunt — essentially trolling Scherzer — before he popped up to left. Soto appeared to want to say something to Scherzer before he rounded back to the dugout, but Scherzer, who won the 2019 World Series with Soto, would not look his way. “Just a crazy, wild experience,” Scherzer said of pitching at a place he called home for six and a half seasons. “It’s almost good that this was the first one — just get it out of the way.” Lost in a game that became about offenses felt by the Mets was the way the Mets’ offense clicked. Yet again they came through with timely hits (5-for-14 with runners in scoring position) and big hits (five extra-base hits). Jeff McNeil homered, Eduardo Escobar launched his second double in as many games and Nimmo tripled in his season debut. Lost, too, was the fact the bullpen has allowed just one run in seven innings, and the Mets — with so many injury concerns and no Jacob deGrom — are perfect through two games. The Mets, however, don’t think the Nationals pitchers have been as perfect.