He’s a bedding planner. Having multiple hanky panky partners is apparently a lot of work: A Brazilian model and polygamist who notoriously married nine women now claims he’s had to create a sex schedule to be sure each wife’s needs are met. “They all want to fulfill my sexuality at any cost,” Arthur O Urso told Jam Press of his salacious plate-spinning. The model and swinger, who was first married to fellow swinger Luana Kazaki, made waves in marital circles last year after tying the knot with eight additional women in São Paulo because he wanted to “protest against monogamy.” Alas, the nuptials weren’t legally binding as polygamy is outlawed in Brazil. His arrangement might’ve sounded like a dream come true; however, Urso said he struggled to satisfy all his partners equally, so he established a romp “rota.” “Initially I tried to have sex by appointment,” said Urso of the juggling act. Needless to say, the hubby found it difficult trying to “manage à trois” as his sex life began to resemble a game of whoopie whack-a-mole. “Following a timetable caused a lot of problems and sometimes I felt like I had to have sex because of the schedule, and not for pleasure,” lamented the beleaguered orgy-nizer. Urso added, “On other occasions I had sex with one wife while thinking about another.” Eventually, the rota became too overwhelming and Urso reverted back to a more spontaneous arrangement, which he said vastly improved his love life, Jam Press reported. “It didn’t seem right so we got rid of it and now the sex flows naturally, it’s been great,” gushed Urso of the more flexible sex regimen. “It is very fun, pleasurable and unique to experience everything collectively, and they are all very different in bed.” He added, “One of them, I won’t name her to keep her privacy, likes to be dominant and I like a woman who tells me what she wants.” The polyamory practitioner quipped that it doesn’t take “long to get attention or affection when you have that many wives.” In fact, Urso insists that his paramours don’t mind sharing a sex partner, but do get jealous when he buys one “more expensive” gifts than the rest. “They all demand attention, affection and sex to be part of our everyday life, and I can’t do more for one than the other,” said Urso, who revealed that one of his wives, Agatha, is leaving him. She apparently believed that a spouse divided cannot stand. “She wanted to have me all to herself,” said the rueful lover, who shares an OnlyFans account with his marital octet. “It didn’t make sense – we have to share. I was very sad about the separation and even more surprised by her excuse.” The rest of his harem reportedly agreed that Agatha’s “attitude was wrong” and believed “that she accepted the marriage for adventure and not for real feelings,” he said. Despite her departure from the wifely ennead, Urso isn’t in a hurry to replace her just yet — presumably because he’s got soulmates to spare. In the future, the prolific polygamist plans to marry two more women to bring the number of wives up to an even 10. Urso says he’s ultimately “still learning about our relationship.”