Talk about indoor/outdoor living! A six-bedroom Wisconsin home — specifically, a 5,254-square-foot property that looks more like a cave than a house — will soon find itself in new hands. The spread at 1920 S. Springdale Road in New Berlin, which went viral for its out-of-the-ordinary listing images — one of which shows a two-story living space replete with stone walls, a pebble path and lots of indoor greenery — has entered contract, its listing representative told The Post. Most recently listed for $1.2 million, the final sale price is not yet available. The purchase will close in approximately one month — and not only does the deal mark a new chapter for the manse, but also an end to some five years bouncing on and off the market at various asking prices, according to Zillow. What’s for certain: The new owners have already listed the home on Airbnb, noting it will be ready to rent beginning May 26. Called the “Garden of Eden” on its Airbnb page, the new owners say they’re “undertaking a massive renovation” to update the spread inside and out. But it appears the home’s signature elements, such as that outdoorsy great room, will remain intact. “You might feel like you are visiting your favorite Rainforest Cafe, or possibly entering into a scene from [‘Jumanji’],” reads the description. “Whatever the case may be, any stress of the world will be melted away by the warmth of the sun being exposed through the 20-foot southern facing windows and sky lights.” The home’s listing agent, eXp Realty’s Christian Anderson, told The Post the current owner built the property 28 years ago — raising his children there, and giving them a fun space to grow. “It started as something unique,” said Anderson, “bringing the outside in a bit.” But with the kids out of the house these days, the owner will move to Arizona. He leaves quite the legacy behind. Perched on 17-plus acres, the six-bedroom home also comes with an indoor swimming pool roughly 5 feet deep and an indoor koi pond. Listing images additionally show walls painted with cave-style etchings to add more to the theme and bridged walkways. Everything inside is custom-designed, and that includes the kitchen cabinetry — ornamented with designs of vines and flowers — and seating for 16 in custom-made butterfly-shaped chairs. The stone walls extend to other areas of the home, such as in the pool room, and in a bathroom — of which there are seven in sum. Upstairs bedrooms even have balconies that look down to the main living area — and there’s enough space for a home gym or a music practice room. Located 20 minutes from downtown Milwaukee and 90 minutes from Chicago, the perks also extend outdoors. There are trails for walking and biking around the property and a 3.5-acre spring-fed lake with a beach, and fish to catch and release, the Airbnb listing notes. (Boats, paddle boards and other water toys will be provided with the Airbnb.) Though guests can swim inside, they can also swim in the lake in warmer months, as well. Beyond the quirky design of the home, it’s also the spread of land that Anderson said also stands out. “Seventeen acres … you don’t find that stuff that close to Milwaukee,” he said.