Former Dolphins coach Brian Flores’ discrimination lawsuit against the NFL added two former coaches in an amended complaint Thursday. Steve Wilks, who was the Cardinals head coach for the 2018 season, and Ray Horton, an NFL assistant since 1994, who interviewed for the Titans’ head-coaching job in 2016, are named in the class action lawsuit, in which Flores alleges discrimination in the hiring process by the NFL and its 32 teams. The lawsuit also revealed stunning podcast comments by former Titans coach Mike Mularkey, who opened up about a “fake hiring process.” According to ESPN, the lawsuit states that Wilks was discriminated against as a “bridge coach” who was “not given any meaningful chance to succeed.” Wilks, who went 3-13 in one season with Arizona, was fired and replaced by Kliff Kingsbury. Lawyers said in the lawsuit that “Mr. Wilks, given the same opportunity afforded to Mr. Kingsbury, surely would have succeeded as well.” In a statement released by his lawyers, Wilks said: “When Coach Flores filed this action, I knew I owed it to myself, and to all Black NFL coaches and aspiring coaches, to stand with him. This lawsuit has shed further important light on a problem that we all know exists, but that too few are willing to confront. Black coaches and candidates should have exactly the same ability to become employed, and remain employed, as white coaches and candidates. That is not currently the case, and I look forward to working with Coach Flores and Coach Horton to ensure that the aspiration of racial equality in the NFL becomes a reality.” Wilks returned to the NFL this year as pass game coordinator and secondary coach for the Panthers after spending one season at the University of Missouri as the defensive coordinator. Horton was a defensive coordinator for the Titans in 2014-15, and interviewed for the team’s head coaching job. In the amended lawsuit, lawyers state that the interview was a “completely sham interview done only to comply with the Rooney Rule and to demonstrate an appearance of equal opportunity and a false willingness to consider a minority candidate for the position.” The Titans wound up hiring Mularkey, who is white, in 2016 — and Horton left for Cleveland to be the defensive coordinator. Mularkey said in a podcast interview in Oct. 2020 that Titans owners told him he was “going to be the head coach in 2016, before they went through the Rooney Rule. So I sat there knowing I was the head coach in ’16 as they went through this fake hiring process, knowing the coaches they were interviewing, knowing how much they were preparing to go through those interviews, knowing that everything they could do and they had no chance of getting that job.” Mularkey was later fired by the Titans in 2017 after he went 9-7 in back-to-back seasons. “I believe you have the truth and what you need,” Mularkey told ESPN. “Prefer not to comment any further.” Before the amended lawsuit was filed, the Titans disputed Mularkey’s 2020 comments in a statement to ESPN. The Dolphins, Broncos and Giants were named in the original lawsuit, with the Titans, Cardinals and Texans newly added to the amended complaint. The league’s other 26 teams were listed as “John Doe” NFL teams. “I’ve regretted that since then It was a wrong thing to do,” Mularkey said. “I’m sorry I did that. It was not the way to go about it. I should have interviewed like everyone else and got hired because of the interview and not early on. So that’s probably my biggest regret. It’s not hard to do the right thing. You can get caught up in this business.” Flores’ attorneys claim in the amended complaint that the Texans “retaliated” against Flores by removing him from consideration for their head-coaching vacancy “due to his decision to file this action and speak publicly about systemic discrimination in the NFL.” Flores is still going through with his lawsuit after his February hiring with the Steelers as a senior defensive assistant and linebackers coach. At its annual owners meeting, the NFL announced a new diversity advisory committee to review league and club policies on diverse hiring.