“Got any games?” If that question sparked a slight ick, you’ve probably been a a victim of what we like to call “child bordem.” You know, when there’s a kiddo around who is utterly bored and they come to you, the adult with the phone, to resolve their problem with an app. Fortunately, you can leave that awkward situation in the past with these eight best tablets for kids. If you’re interested in further kids’ electronics, check out our roundup of the best kids’ tech devices here. Let your little one have some fun with this 7-inch display tablet. Choose from blue, purple and pink. You can also access one free year of Amazon Kids+ and gain access to over 20,000 apps, games, books and more. Available in sky blue, lavender and aquamarine, this 10-inch tablet is next level. It features the same kids’ Fire Tablet capabilities you know and love but in an all new model. Plus, parents can rest assured their kids are playing safe with the help of parental controls. This eight-inch tablet is another one of our favorites. With over 115,100 positive reviews on Amazon, you know it’s good. Best of all, the two year warranty can’t be beat. If you’re looking to save some cash, this is a great choice. The Veidoo tablet is slim, durable and seamlessly pairs with the Android OS system. You child can also enjoy WiFi capabilities and an easy-grip handle. Made for toddlers and kids alike, this 16 GB tablet comes pre-loaded with 20 plus learning games and apps valued at $150. Parents can also keep control with the helpful settings while kids can enjoy a long-lasting battery life. Help your little one play, learn and experience with ease. This YosaToo tablet easily turns on, is pre-installed with age-appropriate iWawa apps and last for up to six hours before needing to be charged. If you want to get fancy, you can’t go wrong with an iPad Mini. This one comes in four various colors and features an 8.3-inch display, touch ID and 256 GB of storage and has the ability to set content restrictions. A cheaper but just-as-nice option is this Samsung Galaxy tablet. Features include a thin bezel, binge-ready battery, a camera and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.