It’s a scenario many men are familiar with. The sun sets on a balmy day, and your female companion complains she’s cold. While you might think they are just moaning about the temperature, there are scientific reasons as to why women are colder than men. Posting to TikTok, one doctor responded to a video, where one couple explained that they couldn’t shower together due to a difference in preferred temperature. Dr. Karan Rajan said there are a few scientific reasons why on average, women may feel colder than men. He explained: “Women have a fractionally higher core body temperature than men and it seems like it might keep some women warmer. “But alas, if someone is used to being warm then somewhere cold can feel ever colder. “This cold sensitivity rises even more if someone is taking hormonal birth control.” Dr. Rajan added that women may also have colder extremities than men, including the hands, feet and earlobes. “These might be sitting up to three degrees lower than in men. “This could partly be due to estrogen which thickens the blood, reduces blood flow to the capillaries which supplies the extremities.” He added that ovulation might be the time when cold sensitivity is at its peak due to high estrogen levels. Finally he said that another reason women might feel the cold more than men is because on average, women have a lower metabolic rate than men. “This means women produce less heat”, he added. Researchers in Israel previously said that women have evolved to feel chilly because it keeps the sexes separate and stops couples clashing. They found the same trait is present in many species of birds and mammals — with the females preferring a cosy warm den while the males pop to the pub in shorts. Dr. Eran Levin, of Tel Aviv University, said: “Men and women feel temperature differently. This difference in thermal sensation did not come about so that we could argue with our partners over the air conditioning, but rather the opposite. “From an evolutionary point of view, it is meant to make a couple take some distance from each other so that each individual can enjoy some peace and quiet. “Our study has shown that the phenomenon is not unique to humans – among many species of birds and mammals, females prefer a warmer environment than males, and at certain times these preferences cause segregation between the two sexes.” He added the phenomenon is linked to several other traits seen in animals and humans. For example, females are more likely to huddle together for warmth while males maintain more distance and shy away from contact with each other. In migratory bird species, males spend the winter in colder areas than females, who try to avoid the draft. And female bats tend to huddle together in a cosy corner while the males prefer to “manspread” in a breezy archway. Among many mammals, even in species that live in pairs or in mixed groups all their lives, the males prefer shade whereas the females prefer sunlight, or the males ascend to the peaks of mountains while the females remain in the valleys. The study, published in journal Global Ecology and Biogeography, added the separation between males and females reduces competition over resources in the environment and keeps away males who may be aggressive and endanger the babies.