Will Smith gives a stern warning to his wife Jada — saying, “Don’t use me” for clout — in a resurfaced 2019 video that is going viral on social media. The 49-second clip — which was initially filmed by Jada Pinkett Smith on her Instagram Live — has clocked thousands of views on Reddit since it popped up in the wake of Smith’s assault on comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars last month. The 53-year-old actor made international news when he stormed the stage at the awards show and slapped Rock across the face for making a joke about Pinkett Smith’s alopecia. Now, the newly resurfaced 2019 video has sparked speculation as to the state of the Smiths’ union, with some viewers claiming the “Men In Black” star looks “uncomfortable” and “anxious” as he speaks with his wife. Pinkett Smith, 50, initially made the video to promote her chat show “Red Table Talk,” with the vision showing her state: “You know [therapist] Esther Perel is coming to the table — she’s gonna be at the ‘Red Table.'” She then flashes the camera on her husband and asks: “Would you say she has been instrumental in you and I redefining our relationship?” Smith looks irritated by the question and responds: “I would say don’t just start filming me without asking me.” Pinkett Smith seemingly brushes off her husband’s request, telling viewers she is “still dealing with foolishness.” She then continues to probe her movie-star spouse, saying: “Would you say that she [Perel] helped us heal the hurts that we caused between one another?” The continued questioning is clearly frustrating the “Bad Boys” star, who snaps back: “My social media presence is my bread and butter. So you can’t just use me for social media. Don’t just start rolling; I’m standing in my house. Don’t start rolling.” One viewer took to the comments section on the Reddit page where the video has resurfaced, writing: “He [Smith] looks so uncomfortable.” Another chimed in: “He looks hella anxious like he knows Jada is going to provoke him and he’s afraid of how it will go down.” Last year, the Smiths confirmed they were in an open marriage. Meanwhile, on Thursday, Pinkett Smith’s ex, August Alsina, fired back at rumors that he was planning to write a tell-all book about their romance. “What would be the need to write a book about my supposed ‘sex life’ with ANYBODY, EVER, in life?,” he wrote in an Instagram post. “If you are looking for that kind of entertainment, read the book called ‘Holy Bible’ while you’re at it.” Last week, sources told Page Six that Smith “was on a knife edge after tolerating months of jibes about his marriage” before he slapped Rock at the Oscars. In a monologue, Rock compared Pinkett Smith  — who suffers from alopecia and shaved her head last summer — to Demi Moore’s bald character from the film “G.I. Jane.” Pinkett Smith was seen in the audience looking unimpressed by the quip before her husband stormed the stage, physically and verbally assaulting Rock. Smith has since apologized to the academy and has issued a formal apology. The academy said it is investigating the incident in a “formal review” that will “explore further action and consequences.” On Wednesday, the organization announced that it had moved up a meeting to discuss how to discipline him to Friday, April 8.