She’s in for a rude awokening. Far left New York state Senator Alessandra Biaggi’s quest to become a member of Congress next year is sputtering, with the aspiring Squad member’s campaign being rocked by staff departures and former employees who claim she’s a nightmare. In the last few weeks, campaign manager Chris Walsh and campaign Field Director Samantha Fullam have both departed, the campaign confirmed. “Excited to announce that I am joining @Biaggi4NY as CM! I’ve known Alessandra for years and I know she is going to be a fierce advocate for the people of Suffolk, Nassau, Queens, the Bronx, and Westchester,” Walsh said just two months ago. But the exuberant tone was apparently short-lived. His Twitter profile now lists him as “currently: resting.” Walsh declined to comment for this story. Fullam did not respond to request for comment from The Post. Sudden staff departures have long dogged Biaggi’s public life. “There was as seamless transition, everything is friendly. Things change. It’s not that big a deal,” campaign spokesman David Neustadt told The Post. “We’re neither the first nor last campaign to have staff changes in the course of a campaign.” Insiders say that while Biaggi often talks big about progressive values, her office culture is anything but. “She was very hyper. She screamed and yelled quite bit,” said one former staffer. “She had a policy that nobody on staff could speak to her. Everyone had to go through the chief of staff.” The staffer described haranguing text messages past 2 AM and called Biaggi a “gas-lighter.” “She always says be sure you’re taking care of your mental health but working for her is the worst thing you can do for your mental health,” the former staffer said. Neustadt said that “Senator Biaggi sets very high standards for herself and her staff because the work of her office serving the community is extremely important. Her staff has always had access to her and her Chief of Staff as appropriate.” Biaggi, who represents parts of The Bronx and Westchester, is running in a ferocious seven-way Democratic primary to replace Rep. Tom Suozzi. The Long Island pol is one of dozens of Dems who are calling it quits as the party faces the prospect of a wipeout in the November midterm elections. Biaggi is looking to corner the progressive lane and would likely be aligned with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and The Squad if elected. Her campaign has been endorsed by many of the city’s top elected socialists including Rep. Jamaal Bowman, State Sen. Julia Salazar and State Sen. Jabari Brisport. Despite surging crime in the Big Apple, Biaggi has opposed increasing police on city subways and supported the ‘defund the police” movement. She’s received a chilly reception in Suozzi’s moderate Long Island district and the retiring congressman has come out against her. Progressive candidates often post eye-popping fundraising hauls, BUT Biaggi ha  found herself outgunned. In the first quarter of 2022, Biaggi’s campaign raised $437,230 While it’s far from chump change, it’s also significantly less than the $550,235 hauled in by Nassau County Legislator Joshua Lafazan and the $916,914 taken in by Robert Zimmerman, a PR executive.