New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The Timberwolves and Grizzlies tip-off first tonight, and thus far have split games in their series. Minnesota stormed to a 13-point victory in Game 1 before Memphis returned the favor with a 28-point victory of their own in Game 2. For the Timberwolves, Anthony Edwards and Karl-Anthony Towns stayed relatively quiet but they’ll be looking to feed off the home energy and show out on Thursday. Ja Morant and the Grizzlies have delivered so far, and carry the momentum coming into tonight’s affair. Dallas Mavericks are on cloud nine after taking down the Utah Jazz in Game 2 on Monday night, 110-104. As the series heads to Utah, there is optimism that superstar Luka Doncic, who has yet to play this postseason due to a calf strain, could make his first appearance tonight. The Golden State Warriors have by no means cruised to a 2-0 series lead, but it’s the wins that count in the playoffs. Reigning NBA MVP Nikola Jokic posted a team-high output of 26 points for the Nuggets in Game 2 on Monday. The Denver big man is averaging 25.5 points, 10.5 rebounds and 5.0 assists in the first two games of the series, missing all eight of his 3-point attempts in both games played. 21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 