Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky met with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin in Kyiv on Sunday to plead for more weapons. Igor Zhovkva,  a top diplomatic adviser to Zelensky, was asked on NBC earlier in the day what the main topic of conversation between the men would be. “First and foremost is the delivery of weapons,” Zhovkva replied. “We really need armored vehicles. We really need artillery systems … We need tanks in order to defend ourselves on the ground, in order to unblock such cities as Mariupol, in order to withstand the potential offensive of Russian armed forces in the Donbas,” the official said. “That’s what we need immediately. That’s what we need now. And that’s what we need in bigger quantities.’’ Last week, Zelensky claimed his country would have already won the war against Russia if the US and NATO had sent more weapons. Zelensky has said he wants the US to also provide Ukraine with jets and missiles, too. As for when Biden might visit the war-ravaged country himself, the president told reporters last week that he hasn’t decided —  despite several world leaders including British Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently making the trip. The day’s developments came as: Before Blinken and Lloyd met with Zelensky, Deputy National Security Advisor Jon Finer said Sunday that US officials have “seen significant evidence of atrocities” in Mariupol, where Russians are still “deliberately targeting civilians.” But despite the dire situation there and elsewhere in the Eastern European country, Russia has “already lost” the war, Finer said. “In our view, Russia has already lost … many of its initial war aims,’’ he said. “They have intended to divide the West. They have resulted in a West and a NATO alliance that is much more united than it’s ever been. “They thought that they would unsettle and undermine and maybe even overthrow the Ukrainian government. President Zelensky is firmly entrenched in power, and Ukrainian democracy continues,’’ Finer said. “Russia is more isolated in the world. Its economy is weaker,” Finer continued. “They are failing at virtually every one of their initial objectives. And our objective is going to be to continue that trend.”