Since inflation isn’t making salon visits any more affordable, make sure your mom can create luxurious locks at home with a sophisticated hair dryer. The La Sirena Air Wave Hair Dryer with Blue Ionic Technology is packed with the latest technology in a sleek silhouette, available now in either a pretty pink shade or chic white, at the lowest price ever at 80% off the usual price tag. Take advantage of this amazing Mother’s Day deal and snag the La Sirena for just $49.99 (reg. $249) for a very limited time. In order to create fabulous hairstyles, you’ve got to start with impeccably dried hair… which means your mom’s crusty old hair dryer needs to be upgraded. Give her the gift of the La Sirena Air Wave Hair Dryer with Blue Ionic Technology and pamper her mom’s tresses day after day.   This hair dryer does the heavy lifting, giving maximum power and plenty of personalization that caters to all hair types. Mom can pick the perfect temperature for her hair — lower temps for fine, thin tresses, higher temperatures for thicker, textured hair. There are also different speed settings to meet her specific needs. All settings employ the La Sirena’s Blue Ionic Technology, which allows for pro performance drying and brings your mom’s hair styling into 2022. Then a cool shot function lets her finish things off with flair. The La Sirena is lightweight and ergonomic, so mama doesn’t have to do any more heavy lifting when it comes time for her self care. And it comes with attachments like a narrow set nozzle, wide set nozzle, and diffuser to meet the unique needs of her mane. Customers are loving the way the La Sirena leaves their ‘do. Nancy raved, “The Sirena Airwave Blow dryer is lightweight, powerful and dries my hair quickly. Absolutely fabulous!” Get the La Sirena Air Wave Hair Dryer with Blue Ionic Technology in pink or white for $49.99 during the Mother’s Day Sale, the lowest price ever, for a limited time. Shop more Mother’s Day deals and use code SHIP4FREE to get free shipping Prices subject to change.