The 2022 World Cup Draw is complete and for the first time in ages, there is no clear “Group of Death.” In fact, the draw was quite kind to a number of teams, including a few trendy underdogs like Senegal, Canada and Denmark. For bettors looking to get a head start on building their portfolio, here are a few teams worth backing post-draw: Serbia was drawn into Group G with Brazil, but the rest of the set is relatively soft, with most folks expecting Switzerland and Serbia to duke it out to advance with the tournament favorites. Serbia has enough scoring talent with Dusan Vlahovic, Dusan Tadic and Aleksandar Mitrovic, and its talismanic midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is rumored to be heading to Manchester United this summer. With a strong spine, this well-structured team should be a tough out in knockout rounds and could give long-shot bettors a fun ride in Qatar. BetMGM reported that over 30 percent of the bets they took on the World Cup before the draw came in on Team USA. No surprise there. But sometimes it’s hip to be square. Not only is this the deepest team the U.S. has ever had, but for the first time in its history it has multiple game-breaking talents in Christian Pulisic and Gio Reyna. With players like Sergino Dest, Ricardo Pepi, Tim Weah and Yunus Musah getting better every day, there’s some some serious upside with a team that could keep getting better. Team USA’s draw is not ideal with England at the top and a tough opponent still to come through the playoff (Wales, Ukraine or Scotland), but there are few long shots who have the ceiling that the Yanks possess. Group A is incredibly soft. The Netherlands are the clear favorite, but it’s anybody’s guess behind them between Senegal, Ecuador and hosts Qatar. And with Senegal attracting plenty of sleeper hype, there’s a chance Ecuador could slip through the cracks at a big number. CONMEBOL qualifying is always a marathon and El Tri got through thanks to a young core that is headlined by Moises Caicedo, Pervis Estupinan, Piero Hincapie, Jose Cifuentes and Felix Torres. Ecuador also has the luxury of playing Qatar in the first match, so it could put three points in its pocket right away. While the rest of the world zigs towards Senegal, it may be wise to zag towards Ecuador for a Group A sleeper. It would be a minor miracle if the Canadians won the World Cup, but this is an emerging team with plenty of talent, including headliners Jonathan David and Alphonso Davies. But the most important part is that the Canadians got a terrific draw. Belgium is the group favorite, but the Red Devils are a past-their-prime paper tiger, and Canada can contend with an aging Croatia side and Morocco. I expect Canada to be a trendy long shot, so bettors may want to act on this number quickly.