When Title IX became law in 1972, I was a competitive high-school swimmer. In my hometown of Holland, Mich., I was fortunate that girls weren’t denied opportunities to compete in sports the way too many were elsewhere in our country. The landmark law aimed to end such shameless sexism. Fifty years later — at the command of folks on the fringe — the Biden administration is making moves to end women’s sports as we know them. After decades of progress for female athletes, the White House just proudly announced it intends to alter the plain text of Title IX. The law states: “No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.” The Biden team is bent on redefining “sex” from its clear biological and legal meaning to include “sex stereotypes, sex-related characteristics (including intersex traits), pregnancy or related conditions, sexual orientation and gender identity.” The implications of such a sweeping change are unmistakable. The proposal would make it illegal for a school or state to prohibit biological men from competing against women. This all-encompassing approach, including nebulous terms like “sex stereotypes,” could even require schools to eliminate the limited and insufficient requirements in place today, such as requiring transgender athletes to be on hormone therapy before competing. It will leave biological women at a permanent competitive disadvantage. Just ask the women who recently lost at the NCAA championships to University of Pennsylvania swimmer Lia Thomas. Thomas started her collegiate career on the men’s team before coming out as trans and breaking women’s records. And no wonder: Even with hormone suppression or replacement, biological males retain an edge over females. As The New Yorker noted last month, “People who have gone through testosterone-driven puberty have, on average, more cardiovascular capacity, greater muscle mass, higher tendon mechanical strength and denser bones. They tend to be stronger and taller, with longer wingspans.” Many of Thomas’ teammates and competitors have rightly called the NCAA’s arrangement unfair. President Joe Biden’s proposal would make it the law of the land. The administration will do this for one reason: It wants to. Congress has not acted, which is how our system of government requires such changes to be made. The courts have not ruled on this. The American people don’t support this move. But none of that deters this White House. This is standard operating procedure for Biden and the far-left Democrats who populate his administration. The bureaucrats pushing this change are the same individuals who sent the infamous “Dear Colleague” letter in 2011 that decimated due-process protections on college campuses. Students accused of sexual misconduct were all too often denied access to evidence, cross-examination and even the presumption of innocence in Title IX cases. This bureaucratic overreach led to the creation of kangaroo courts on most college campuses and devastating miscarriages of justice across the country. Hundreds of court rulings have affirmed their approach was unfair and truly un-American. While serving as secretary of education, I led a very lengthy regulatory process to reinforce and reassert Title IX protections. Alarmingly, the Biden proposal is likely to obliterate those lawful protections as well. It is nearly impossible to overstate just how radical this White House’s approach to Title IX is. It transcends partisan political lines, clear and long-abided-by legal boundaries and the policy preferences of a vast majority of Americans. This agenda was even criticized by transgender Olympic gold medalist Caitlyn Jenner, who said ensuring sports remain separated by sex is “not transphobic or anti-trans, it’s COMMON SENSE!” Tennis champion and LGBT activist Martina Navratilova has said any rules should be based on “biology and evidence and science” — and any approach based on gender self-identification “clearly would not be a level playing field.” Bottom line, the Biden administration’s proposal will do significant damage to young women who count on the promise of Title IX. Young women are working hard and training daily to become the next great female gold medalist or national champion. They deserve the opportunity to compete on a level playing field. And that can only be ensured by maintaining the biological distinctions that have always existed in sports. There’s one way to protect the dreams of young female athletes across the country: Stop the White House’s Title IX proposal to erase women’s sports. Betsy DeVos served as the 11th US secretary of education.