If there’s anything we don’t like, it’s being subject to sticky, sweltering temps in the summer. So, we turn to (and quite literally, turn on) a trusty air conditioner. It’s one of those practical luxuries you can’t seem to neglect as your weather app is circulating with sun emojis, right? They’re a worthwhile investment and one worth picking up ASAP (along with the best humidifiers and dehumidifiers we rounded up — yep, there’s a difference). After all, now’s the perfect time to snatch one for yourself for all-day, cool comfort. Not to mention, now’s also the ideal time to pick up new outdoor patio furniture, a less-than-$35 swimsuit on Amazon and a convenient outdoor cooler for your future beach days. We curated an edit of the 10 best air conditioners of 2022 to make life easy-breezy for you. From portable air conditioners to ones fit for your window, there’s an option for everyone. Ahead, find our top models, backed by hyper-enthusiastic reviewers. It’s one of our most useful shopping guides for that (not to mention, one of the coolest). With the most overall reviews on Amazon, we’re not at all surprised Black+Decker’s Portable Air Conditioner is the star of the show. With a remote control, an adjustable fan and its win-win situation for being easy to clean and easy to install, we’re just about ready to pick this one up. Sleek and clad with an activated carbon filter, Whynter’s Portable Air Conditioner is perfect for those who want to be cool yet also crave a modern aesthetic. This model cools up to 500 square feet of space and comes with advance auto drain technology to use and recylce your room’s moisture for producing cool air (pretty amazing, huh)? If you’re on the market for a wall-mounted air conditioner, Midea’s Smart Inverter model deserves all of the acclaim. It’s designed to be nine times quieter than traditional units (hallelujah) and is Energy Star-certified to conserve 35% more energy. Not to mention, its U-shaped design allows your window to open, allowing you to bring fresh air into your home. It’s also Wi-Fi-enabled and can be controlled with the paired MideaAir app on iOS or Android. Frigidaire, aside from creating sleek, stellar fridges, creates a well-received air conditioner that’s less than $400. This model is one of our favorites for a couple of reasons: (1) it has three different fan speeds for customized cooling, (2) has a sleep mode to maximize energy savings and (3) has a programmable timer to preset the unit on or off in 30-minute increments. If we’re being honest, some of us want to be cool as a cucumber but don’t have the space for a monstrosity of a unit (we get it, which is why SereneLife’s is one of our favorites). The highly rated machine has a lightweight body, comes with three operating modes — cooling, dehumidifier and a fan — and has a remote control for easy-to-use handling. GE’s Smart Widnow Air Conditioner is a splurge, yet worth it. The unit is Energy Star-rated, is incredible for small rooms (thanks to its 12,000 BTU specs, though this can be customized) and is easy to use, much ado to the paired SmartHQ app to control the window showpiece from anywhere. Midea’s fan-favorite window air conditioner is available in a portable option: the Duo Smart Ultra-Quiet model. With a concrete emphasis on ultra-quiet, we swear by this one for its innovative duo-house design, which enables the unit to intake air inside and exhaust it outdoors. If you’re on a budget and are desperate for anything to keep you cool, Ontel’s Arctic Air Ultra Air Cooler is a pretty nifty buy. It has nearly 9,000 pleasant reviews and is fit for your nightstand, dorm room or small space that needs a bit more breeze. Rollibot’s Alexa-Voice-Enabled Portable Air Conditioner checks off all our our boxes as far as these units go: it’s voice-activated (of course), has dehumidifier and fan settings and is lightweight. Plus, it’s also backed by a one-year warranty, should anything go awry. Stellar for cooling up to 400 square-foot spaces, Shinco’s Portable Air Conditioner is a durable option that’s easy to install and easy to maneuver. Its lowest speed is ultra-quiet, too, and great for sleeping. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.