The infamous TikTok doc isn’t finished getting things off his chest just yet. Dr. Anthony Youn — who previously went viral with his controversial stance on breast implant illness — has again set off alarm bells in augmentation circles after revealing that certain implants can cause a rare cancer — and can leave one’s chest looking like “Snoopy’s nose.” “Did you know that there’s a type of breast implant associated with a rare type of cancer?” Detroit-based Dr. Youn asked his 7.7 million followers on TikTok. His resulting video PSA detailing the mammary calamity currently boasts over 314,000 views on TikTok. The plastic surgeon detailed the case study of a patient who was at risk of developing anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) — a rare type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma — after getting textured implants six years ago from a different surgeon. “Some of these have even been recalled,” explained Youn, noting the US Food and Drug Administration’s push for Allergan to recall specific models after it was found that those implants were linked to breast implant-associated ALCL cases. ALCL comprises about 1% of all NHLs and approximately 16% of all T cell lymphomas, according to the Lymphoma Research Foundation. Youn’s plastic surgery case study had reportedly suffered a “Snoopy Deformity” — also known as the “Waterfall Deformity” — where the “implant sits high and droops” like the nose of its namesake “Peanuts” character, per the TikTok video. Fortunately, the plastic surgeon reportedly extracted the problematic implants and also “removed all the scar tissue surrounding her implants to reduce her risk of ALCL.” Youn completed her mammary makeover by performing a “revision of her breast lip,” which he showcased in post-op screenshots taken “seven weeks after surgery.” “She is no longer worried about ALCL and her Snoopy Deformity is gone,” beamed the proud TikToc doc on camera. TikTok gawkers were impressed at the results. “They look so good!” exclaimed one TikTok cosmetician, while another wrote, “You do great work, talented.” “I have the snoopy deformity just because of gravity,” quipped one TikTok wit. Another commenter thanked Youn for “spreading awareness” about ALCL. This isn’t the first time Dr. Youn has brought an under-discussed medical topic into the spotlight. Youn famously broke onto the #TikDoc scene in June after taking a rhetorical scalpel to doctors that dismissed breast implant illness. Youn has since posted viral videos on myriad medical topics, including penis length, the hazards of sleeping in the nude, and the durability of implants, for which he bite-tested both breast and butt implants to see which was hardier.