The Washington Post came out in support of its internet culture beat reporter Taylor Lorenz after she came under fire on social media for allegedly “doxxing” the woman behind the controversial Twitter account “Libs of TikTok.” “Taylor Lorenz is a diligent and accomplished journalist whose reporting methods comport entirely with the Washington Post’s professional standards,” the Post’s senior managing editor Cameron Barr said in a statement. “Chaya Raichik, in her management of the Libs of TikTok Twitter account and in media interviews, has had significant impact on public discourse and her identity had become public knowledge on social media.” Barr added: “We did not publish or link to any details about her personal life.” Supporters of Raichik claimed that the Post’s statement was inaccurate as the initial story published by Lorenz contained a link to the woman’s work address and other work details. A later version of the story had the link removed. The New York Post has reached out to the Washington Post and Lorenz seeking comment on the removed link. Lorenz was widely criticized by conservative-leaning social media users for revealing Raichik’s identity just a few weeks after the journalist appeared on MSNBC and broke down in tears while recalling how she has faced “harassment” from critics online. After Lorenz slammed MSNBC for the segment, it was removed from online platforms. Critics also pointed out that Lorenz, a former New York Times reporter, has been sued by a businesswoman who claimed that she was defamed by a claim that she leaked nude images of one of her clients. Lorenz also came under fire for accusing tech mogul Marc Andreessen of using the “R-word” — “retard” — during a private conversation on the Clubhouse app. The accusation proved to be false. Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald wrote a blog post calling Lorenz a “journalistic tattletale.” Greenwald and Lorenz then engaged in a heated back-and-forth on Twitter, which was discussed by Tucker Carlson on his Fox News show. As a result of the criticism, Lorenz claimed that she was then subjected to “online harassment” that led to suicidal thoughts and post-traumatic stress disorder. Raichik spoke by phone with Carlson on his Fox News show last night. She agreed with Carlson’s view that Lorenz was “deeply enmeshed in narcissism” and “capable of the greatest cruelty.” “I think that what I’m doing is very effective, and I think that a lot of people wanted to shut me down,” Raichik said. “They wanted to intimidate me into silence. And unfortunately for them, that’s just never gonna happen.” Lorenz defended her decision to reveal the woman’s identity, tweeting: “Reporters make phone calls, send messages, show up places, and knock on doors when reporting out a story.” Lorenz added: “I reported this story out extensively, using every tool I had, to ensure I had the correct woman.” In response to criticism that she targeted a private citizen who wished to remain anonymous, Lorenz tweeted that the social media user “isn’t just some average woman with a social media account” but is instead a “powerful influencer operating a massively impactful right wing media shaping discourse around LGBTQ+ rights.”