Whether you’re shopping for mom, your wife (or, yourself!), there’s nothing that’s more timeless than fine jewelry. It’s no surprise the diamonds and gemstones that are catching your eye can cost a pretty penny, too. Enter Zales. The much-loved jeweler, available online for prime convenience, is hosting a 30% off sale just in time for Mother’s Day. The event, “This is How Mom Shines,” is the go-to campaign to shop ASAP for all the dainty, breathtaking pieces you’re looking into — from necklaces and bracelets to earrings and rings. Ahead, find the top luxury items we recommend treating yourself with or purchasing as a gift for a loved one. Be sure to hurry, too, as the sale ends on Sunday, May 8. What’s better than a dainty, delicate heart necklace? A set with matching earrings, of course! The tilt accent is something we adore and you can’t beat the $150 price point right now. This sale lasts until May 1. Meaningful and sentimental, Zales’ Diamond Accent Mom Heart Necklace is bound to be coveted and worn endlessly. It’s a great find for just $100 and pairs well with other silver jewelry. When in doubt, diamond earrings are always a hit. Treat yourself or a loved one to these 1 Ct. Diamond Frame Stud Earrings that are made with 14K White Gold. They’ll last for years and are an elegant accessory to wear for any occasion. Stacking rings may be the new trend, but a timeless, diamond ring is all you need to garner plenty of compliments. This 1/2 Ct. Diamond Cushion Frame Split Shank Ring, similar to many of Zales’ offerings, is embossed in 10K White Gold for a years-lasting design. If your loved one is more simple when it comes to jewelry, Zales’ 1/2 Ct. Diamond Triple Heart Swirl Pendant is your best bet. For more than $150 off during Zales’ 30% off sale, it’s a meaningful jewelry piece with a subtle ornate design. Diamond earrings are lovely (of course!) so it’s no surprise these 1/3 Ct. Princess-Cut Diamond Solitaire Stud Earrings made the cut. Made with 14K White Gold, they’re one of our favorite pieces in this edit (for less than $400, too!) For a whopping $570 off, the 1 Ct. Diamond Alternating “S” Link Bracelet is a beaut that’s dainty, delicate and likely to be loved by many. It’s the perfect fine jewelry piece to gift this season, too, especially when worn with one of your favorite cocktail dresses. Zales has wonderful gold jewelry options, too. Gift the 1/2 Ct. Diamond Tennis Bracelet in 10K Gold to your loved one for far less than $2,000 right now. The cascading gold design with gorgeous, inlaid diamonds is sure to be the star of any show. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.