WASHINGTON — For much of Thursday, Pete Alonso played a smashmouth brand of baseball. His night ended, however, when his own mouth got smashed. After spending so much of the Mets’ opener getting dirty through an assortment of highlights and lowlights, Alonso ate dirt upon getting drilled in the ninth inning of the 5-1 win over the Nationals. A 94-mph slider from Mason Thompson grazed his shoulder and hit the helmet flap that protects his face. The flap hit him in the mouth, bloodying the first baseman in a scary scene at Nationals Park. “Just a busted lip, that’s it. Got all my teeth, no concussion, I’m all good,” said Alonso, who added that he was checked for a concussion, but cleared the protocols. After the hit by pitch, he took a few steps toward first base, then was convinced by manager Buck Showalter to exit the game. After the hit by pitch, there was plenty of Mets frustration. James McCann also was plunked twice, though one of those struck his foot. From the dugout, outfielder Starling Marte held up three fingers and hollered at the Nationals on the field. “When I saw they hit my guy, I’m pissed off because I don’t want anybody hit,” Marte told The Post after going 1-for-5 in his Mets debut. “I’m a guy protecting my players.” Marte was not sure about intent, and Showalter did not want to speculate, either. But the Mets were not happy. “It’s an emotional game, played by people who care,” the manager said of Alonso, who sported a bruised lower lip. “He’s going to have some sexy lips for a couple days.” If nothing else, Alonso showed he cared through an up-and-down 2022 debut. Though not gifted with speed, he tried and failed to score from first on a fourth-inning double to the wall in left-center by Eduardo Escobar. Alonso chugged around third, where he appeared to slip, but kept hobbling toward home. Meanwhile, Victor Robles chased down the ball and lobbed it in to shortstop Alcides Escobar, who perfectly twirled and threw a strike that nailed Alonso at the plate, keeping the game scoreless. Alonso had another incident with Escobar in the third, when McCann appeared to gun down the Nationals shortstop on a pickoff throw to first. McCann threw behind Escobar. Alonso caught the ball and lunged to where Escobar should have been. But Escobar was so far off the bag that he had the time to elude the tag from a sprawling Alonso. What might have been a thoroughly frustrating season opener for Alonso turned in the sixth inning, when his second single of the night, a looper to right, started a rally. He moved to second on a wild pitch, then was sprinting around third again on a Mark Canha single to center. Thankfully for Alonso, there was no throw home. “The 2022 season starts today. The end goal is to live the dream of being the last team standing,” Alonso wrote on social media before going 2-for-4. On the first night of the campaign, the Mets were still upright — even if Alonso was lying on his face.