A man known as the “Human Satan” due to his extreme body transformations has removed his ears to mark the end of the Covid mask mandate. Brazilian Michel Faro do Prado, has undergone extensive body modifications over the years, including dozens of tattoos and piercings, and even customized his teeth to complete his devil-like image. The tattoo artist has now lopped off his ears after Brazil removed its mask mandate which had been imposed due to the coronavirus pandemic. A photo of the man known as “Diabão” in his native country, was posted on the social media site Reddit showing off his new look, minus his ears. Many commentators were simply stunned by his actions, with one commentator simply writing: “WHAT!??” Others took the chance to crack a joke or two, as one said: “Hope he does not get an airpods or earbuds this Christmas.” Another raised the question of it just being impractical, commenting: “That’s gonna be a b***h. He knows ears serve more purpose than holding on a mask right?” A fourth person added: “I just don’t understand how someone can modify their body to this extent. There’s no going back. If you try to fix this, you’ll still have scarring and disfiguration. You’ll never look like your old self again and will have to live with this the rest of your life.” One person did attempt a justification for his actions. Writing a lengthy post, one commentator said in part: “The point is to not look like how you looked before. People that do this many mods are trying to get as far away from how they looked as possible, so they feel relief the more and more different they look. “I also would never do this to this level because I generally like how I look now, but that has not always been the case and I can put myself in someone’s shoes like this and understand. “It helps that I do have some large tattoos now and I’ve noticed that I actually love those parts of my body significantly more than I did before they were tattooed, so that gives me an idea on the mindset.” Michel, from São Paulo, claimed in 2020 to have a high pain tolerance and isn’t put-off by the thought of enduring even more pain to achieve his dream devil body. In fact, he said he “suffers a lot more” in the post-procedures than during them, adding: “The truth is that there are changes that without anesthesia would be almost impossible to be done.” “If I have to feel pain, to achieve what I want, for sure I will face it!” Michel often receives stares from people in public and is well-known in his town, taking pride in his nickname of “the human Satan.” Michel said: “I believe that the true image of the ‘devil’ is beautiful, the Bible says this in Genesis and also the same way in the book of Isaiah, which says that says that Jesus was ugly that he looked like a dry root in the desert. “ “He did not inhabit any beauty, so if it is a matter of fiction that the Devil looks likes me more, in my heart I prefer God and doing good!” He added that people who hear him speak of his love for God are often shocked and confronted by how he looks, however: “I believe in who I am – my family and I are loved by the majority.” Despite his unconventional appearance, Michel said his family and friends have always supported him. He said: “My family love it, which consists of my wife and my son and some people in my life have also become my family. However, it doesn’t really matter to me what people say, I only demand respect.” The idea is for Michel to become his wife’s masterpiece, as she specializes in body modifications and has helped him achieve his look. Explaining how his appearance allows him to continuously break the mold and gives him the opportunity to express his true self, he said his exterior “has changed because of what I am and I am becoming.” He continued to say his appearance represents the “internal freedom” he has to break the “paradigms and concepts” that are imposed upon us as a society. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.