The fugitive killer who viciously stabbed Queens mom Orsolya Gaal to death inside her Forest Hills home left behind a vital clue: a pair of blood-soaked boots, a police source told The Post Wednesday. Cops are running DNA tests on the boots, which officers found in a trash can outside the garage of the Tudor-style house where Gaal was stabbed nearly 60 times early on Saturday, a high-ranking NYPD official said. A handyman who did work at the Juno Street home — and who sources said had a fling with Gaal — is being sought for questioning in the case, but cops have not yet publicly identified a person of interest or a suspect. Gaal, 51, went out to a show at Lincoln Center with friends on Friday evening — and then hung out at a bar in her neighborhood, sources have said. A manager at the Forest Hills Station House told The Post on Wednesday that the married mother of two walked in at 11:24 p.m., had her “usual Moscow mule,” and left alone around 12:30 a.m. Saturday. “She came alone, she left alone,” said bar manager Gabriel Veras. “Every time I’ve seen her in my tenure here she has always had a Moscow mule or two, maybe a bite to eat,” Veras added. “I’ve never really seen her coming here with someone else or leaving with anyone else.” Police believe Gaal was followed home by her killer, who, after murdering her, stuffed her in a duffel bag and dumped her body less than a mile from her home. Grainy video from a neighborhood doorbell camera caught a mysterious figure lugging the bloody duffel bag away from the Gaal home around 4:30 a.m. A local resident walking his dog found the remains about four hours later. Cops said there was no sign of forced entry into the house, leading detectives to suspect the killer knew Gaal, as well as the property. The sources said the handyman wanted for questioning knew where the family kept a spare key. An electrician who said he has worked for Gaal and her husband Howard Klein showed up at the home to pay his respects Tuesday, telling The Post he knew her very well but was unaware of any family issues. The electrician also told Fox News that there was a separate door leading into the basement of the house, which he said was outfitted with security cameras. Police have peppered the quiet residential community with wanted posters and are offering a $3,500 reward for information leading them to the killer. They also hope DNA evidence can help crack the case. “You don’t stick a knife in somebody 60 times without getting injured,” one high-ranking police source said. “You hit somebody that hard and you’re going to hurt your hand. DNA could have been left behind.”