Beloved Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins’ first — and possibly final — posthumous project just arrived for fans. The musician died on March 25 at the age of 50 after being found in a Colombian hotel room. As of Friday, Hawkins’ vocals can be heard on a cover of the classic 1970 Johnny Winter song “Guess I’ll Go Away.” Hawkins is featured on the propulsive rock track with the late Johnny’s brother Edgar (of “Free Ride” fame) Winter and veteran guitar player Doug Rappoport. “Guess I’ll Go Away” is part of Edgar’s new album “Brother Johnny.” The 75-year-old rocker shared a heartwarming message following Hawkins’ death last month and teased news about the upcoming collaboration. “I had the honor and privilege of working with him as one of the guest artists on my forthcoming but yet to be released tribute album ‘Brother Johnny,’ ” Edgar wrote on social media. (Edgar’s sibling died in July 2014 at the age of 70.) The keyboardist went on, “I had only just met Taylor, and barely got to know him, but I was so impressed by his sincerity, positive energy, and pure enthusiasm. He had a unique spontaneous style different from anyone I’ve ever worked with before.” “The name of the song is ‘Guess I’ll Go Away.’ Now, both Johnny and Taylor have gone a way no one can know, but which we all one day must travel. Although I know Johnny has departed this world, I still think of and speak to him every day, and will now see Taylor’s face along side his,” Edgar added. “Wherever that way may lead, I wish them Peace and Love on the journey, knowing I will join them soon — as we all will someday,” Edgar concluded his touching note. The 17-track record showcases many iconic blues and rock singers giving tribute to Winter, Billboard reported, including Joe Bonamassa, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Derek Trucks and Billy Gibbons, Joe Walsh, Ringo Starr, Michael McDonald, Steve Lukather, Doyle Bramhall II, Phil X, John McFee, Robben Ford, Keb’ Mo’, Bobby Rush, Waddy Wachtel and Gregg Bissonette. Meanwhile, the Foo Fighters paid tribute to their fallen friend and bandmate at the time of Hawkins’ death. They tweeted, “The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever.” “Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time,” they continued. At the time of his death, the band was scheduled to perform in Bogotá, Colombia, for the Festival Estéreo Picnic on March 25, following their Latin American tour. The Foo Fighters later scored Best Rock Song, Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Album at the 2022 Grammy Awards earlier this month. Hawkins was honored at the event, and host Trevor Noah remembered the musician’s life, legacy and work. 