Ireland Baldwin is reflecting on dad Alec Baldwin’s emotional state following the shooting of “Rust” cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. The 64-year-old, who denied responsibility for killing Hutchins, fatally shot the Ukraine native onset of the film last year. “It’s so heartbreaking,” the model, 26 said in a new interview with “Red Table Talk” released Wednesday. “My dad is suffering tremendously and I love him and I can’t imagine what he feels like and what’s running through his head but the entire situation is just so devastating,” she added. Ireland appeared on the Jada Pinkett Smith-hosted talk show alongside her mom, Kim Basinger, 68. She stated that while the traumatic situation played a part in the manifestation of her anxiety, she said she became “more defensive” of her famous father. “I was more angry, like at people’s responses … I was in full defense mode,” Ireland explained. Basinger touched upon Baldwin’s own anxiety and how the two found it “difficult” to deal with their daughter’s angst. “We’ve had our challenges. And I don’t think Alec was emotionally or mentally available for that kind of talk. Alec, you know, operates in a very different way in his life,” the “L.A. Confidential” actress said. Ireland interjected and said Baldwin confronts his anxiety in different ways. “He deals with anxiety greatly, but he’s someone who grew up in a family that would suppress that as well, or tell him he’s weak for feeling that way,” she noted. “There’s things I would go to my father for, but if I ever even tried to have this conversation in any way with him, I don’t think he would be able to really absorb any of it,” the catwalk queen said. She went on, “He can’t really sympathize as much with it, but it’s not his fault, and he’s gotten way better. I mean I think he really suppressed his anxiety like up until pretty recently. He’s really been dealing with things that kind of have been thrown at him. He’s been forced to finally deal with these things.” Elsewhere in the chat, Ireland also admitted that she doesn’t believe that she would have a career in modeling if she didn’t have famous parents. “You have a lot more to prove because you’re always gonna have that comparison to your parents,” she claimed. “I don’t think I ever would have been scouted as a model if it weren’t for who my parents are,” she continued. “Nothing makes me want to peel my fingernails more than doing a Basinger-Baldwin spread in a magazine and then facing the criticism and comparisons. And then that anxiety for me is extremely toxic.”