Let the music play — finally. The 2022 Grammy Awards lit up Las Vegas, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena after a months-long delay due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Album of the Year went to an elated Jon Batiste — who had the most nominations this year, at 11 — for “We Are.” In his acceptance speech, he said that making music is “more than entertainment for me — it’s a spiritual practice” And Silk Sonic left the door wide open for some big wins — including Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song — at the Grammys. “We are really trying our hardest to remain humble at this point, OK?” said “Leave the Door Open” singer Anderson .Paak. “But in the industry, we call that a clean sweep!” The Foo Fighters — who had planned to perform but canceled their appearance following the recent death of their longtime drummer, Taylor Hawkins — nabbed the three early Grammys for Best Rock Album, Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance. The televised ceremony included a tribute to “honor” the 50-year-old musician, who passed away while on tour in Colombia. “Our thoughts go out to Taylor’s family, his friends, the Foo Fighters family and all of their fans, around the globe,” said ceremony host and “Daily Show” comic Trevor Noah. The 2022 Grammys also included an In Memoriam salute to songs by the late Broadway composer Stephen Sondheim, performed by Cynthia Erivo, Leslie Odom Jr., Ben Platt and Rachel Zegler. The show kicked off with an explosive performance of “777” by Bruno Mars, Anderson .Paak and Silk Sonic and a sultry version of Olivia Rodrigo’s “Drivers License,” which is up for Record of the Year. The 64th annual broadcast, which aired on CBS, featured performances by Brandi Carlile, the Brothers Osborne, fan-ghosting Lil Nas X with Jack Harlow, Lady Gaga, J Balvin, Maria Becerra, John Legend, Silk Sonic, Carrie Underwood, Jon Batiste, H.E.R., Nas, Chris Stapleton, Billie Eilish, BTS and Olivia Rodrigo. Keep tabs on the winners, big moments and viral highlights in The Post’s live blog below, which will be updated throughout the night. 