MILWAUKEE, WI. – The smoke bombs used by the crazed man accused in the Brooklyn subway shooting were purchased at a store in Wisconsin, not far from the site of the 2020 Kenosha shootings. Frank James, 62, who’s been hit with federal terror-related offenses over the N-train bloodshed, bought the smoke bombs and other fireworks on June 21, 2021 at Phantom Fireworks in Racine County, according to a receipt of his purchase obtained by The Post. In all, James purchased six canister smoke bombs – including the two he allegedly set off on a crowded subway as it pulled into 36th Street station before firing 33 rounds with a 9mm semiautomatic Glock, striking 10 victims. The bombs are supposed to spew smoke for up to two minutes, according to Phantom’s store manager, who declined to be named. The store is a 20-minute-drive from James’ Milwaukee home and about 20 miles outside of Kenosha, where Illinois teenager Kyle Rittenhouse fatally shot two people during civil unrest on Aug. 25, 2020. James also purchased a “Falcon Rising” repeater firework that shoots 25 flaming balls in rapid-fire, 12 powerful “Seismic Wave” firecrackers that let off loud bangs, colored smoke balls and a pack of 72 firecrackers. Authorities found 40 feet of safety fuse in a bag at the scene of the carnage, which James could have intended to use to set off the fireworks from a distance. “Theoretically, with that fuse, you could connect all those fireworks,” the Phantom Fireworks store manager told The Post. “But it would be tedious to fuse together all those small fireworks like the smoke and crackers. People don’t usually use a fuse for smoke because it can’t blow up in your face.” The store didn’t have surveillance footage from James’ visit to the store but provided The Post with a receipt confirming the $93 purchase. “It was a pretty innocuous purchase,” Phantom Fireworks Vice President Bill Weimer said. “It raised no eyebrows.” Boston Marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev and failed Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad had reportedly bought fireworks they used to make explosives from other Phantom locations. James was busted by police Wednesday in the East Village after he called Crime Stoppers on himself, authorities and law enforcement sources said. He is expected to appear in Brooklyn federal court Thursday to face a charge of committing terrorist attacks and other violence against mass transportation systems. The suspect allegedly wore a reflective vest, helmet and gas mask when he set off the smoke bomb and opened fire. Get the latest updates in the Brooklyn subway shooting with The Post’s live coverage. His gun allegedly jammed, which may have prevented further carnage. A massive hunt was launched for the gunman, who police believe may have gotten off the train and mixed with the throng of commuters. The suspect had made several disturbing social media posts and rambling conspiracy-laden YouTube videos, railing against the city’s mental health services, complaining about race issues and speaking violently against people he believed wronged him.