Black Lives Matter defended the group’s secretive purchase of a swanky, $5.8 million Southern California home with donated funds, vowing to “increase transparency” — while still providing little detail about the eyebrow-raising acquisition. “There have been a lot of questions surrounding recent reports about the purchase of Creator’s House in California,” BLM said Monday in its official Twitter account. “Despite past efforts, BLMGNF recognizes that there is more work to do to increase transparency and ensure transitions in leadership are clear,” added the left-wing social justice group, which turned off replies to its tweets. The sprawling, 6,500-square-foot Studio City compound — which boasts seven bedrooms and seven bathrooms, a sound stage, music studio, pool, and parking for more than 20 cars — was secretly bought by a shell company in October 2020 connected to Black Lives Matter Global Network Foundation, New York magazine reported. The embattled organization used part of its $90 million donation windfall to purchase the lavish digs, according to the explosive report. Property records obtained by The Post confirm that the SoCal mansion was purchased by Dyane Pascall, a local real estate developer with links to BLM, in a deal that closed Oct. 27, 2020. Days later, it was transferred to a Delaware limited liability company controlled by the foundation for $5.8 million, the records show. Last June, three BLM leaders — co-founder Patrisse Cullors, Alicia Garza and Melina Abdullah — recorded a video outside the “secretly bought” home while marking the first anniversary of George Floyd’s murder. Cullors at the time said she was in “survival mode” after The Post’s exclusive reporting in April revealed her purchase of four high-end US homes for $3.2 million. But Cullors and her colleagues didn’t reveal any details on the upscale home seen behind them in the video. Cullors slammed New York magazine’s report on Instagram last Tuesday, calling it a “despicable abuse of a platform that’s intended to provide information to the public.” In its response Monday, BLM went on to say that “narratives like this cause harm to organizers doing brilliant work across the country and these reports do not reflect the totality of the movement.” “We apologize for the distress this has caused to our supporters and those who work in service of Black liberation daily,” it continued.“We also recognize the confusion recent inflammatory and speculative articles have caused,” the group said. The foundation also vowed to “unveil new initiatives” in the coming weeks to increase “transparency and accountability, and to continue reshaping what radical philanthropy looks like for Black people,” BLM wrote on Twitter. “BLMGNF is working diligently to increase operations transparency, including an internal audit, tightening compliance operations, and creating a new board to help steer the organization to its next evolution,” it said. “We are embracing this moment as an opportunity for accountability, healing, truth-telling, and transparency. We understand the necessity of working intentionally to rebuild trust so we can continue forging a new path that sustains Black people for generations.” BLM also sought to justify the purchase by arguing that it was made to encourage “Black creativity,” saying it is “necessary and vital to Black survival.” “BLM has always held that tradition sacred, partnering with artists of every kind since our founding,” it continued.“That’s why Creator’s House was purchased — to provide a space for Black folks to share their gifts with the world and hone their craft as they see fit, under the conditions that work best for them and outside systems of oppression in creative industries,” the group said. It also defended where some of its funding has been spent, explaining that it has recently “provided $3 million dollars in direct support to families struggling to navigate the impacts of COVID. “We have granted out over $25 million dollars to Black-led frontline orgs around the world,” it added.