From coffee makers to coffee grinders, we’re all heart eyes for any quality machine that brings us our morning cup of joe — including French presses. As a universally more affordable option than pod-driven machines, these smaller countertop essentials pair well with your favorite ground coffee. Simply pour water on top and voila. Some of our favorites are sold on Amazon, along with Williams Sonoma and Target — among others — with top selects ranging in price, aesthetics and functionality. It’s also a wonderful item to add to your wedding registry, too, along with big-button items like cookware, air fryers, pressure cookers and toaster ovens. Ahead, find our 10 best French presses to add some nice spice to your coffee-making routine. They’re simple to use once you get the hang of it (not to mention, they’re the poster products for “good things come in small packages”). The big question, right? You’ll be glad to know it’s a simplistic process, from beginning to end. First, measure and weigh your coffee grounds. The ideal ratio is one cup of water for two tablespoons of coffee. As your water is boiling, pour the grounded coffee into your French press, with your water on top. After about four to five minutes, press down and enjoy! As a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, the EAXCK’s 12oz. French Press Coffee Maker, without a doubt, makes our cut. Uniquely, it comes in a 34oz. size, too, both of the makers having that stainless steel charm to match the look of your kitchen. BAYKA’s Copper French Press Coffee Maker is (1) well-priced and (2) finished in a beautiful coating. It’s also made of heat-resistant borosilicate glass to keep the water hot during the brewing process — a step above other models. In the market of French presses, there’s no other name like Bodum. Its premium offerings wont’ break the bank, while its features are still great. Notably, it has a three-part stainless steel plunger to help extract the coffee’s aromatic oils and subtle flavors. Plus, it’s dishwasher-safe which is always a positive. For that sleek, minimalistic look, Espro’s P7 Matte White French Press is worth the splurge. It’s tall (so, it can hold a generous amount of your favorite brew) and elegant to serve as a countertop accent when not in use. Aside from the brand’s fan-favorite dutch oven, its Café Stoneware French Press is another kitchen snag worth the acclaim. Coming in a variety of colors, its ceramic exterior and premium coating make it look and feel like one Kate Middleton would own. As one of our favorite French presses in this edit, ChefWave takes the cake (or rather, the brew) in style; it’s a travel French press, which is extremely convenient and lightweight. Not to mention, its bamboo lid and detailing are nice touches. For a vintage, mod feel, add World Market’s Stone Gray Ceramic and Brushed Silver French Press to your online shopping cart. Its ergonomic handle and press lever is practical, while its simplistic detail is something that’ll stay in style for years. Add a pop of orange to your home with SSENSE’s Glass French Press. Not only a wishlist-inducing item for having the slimmest handle we’ve ever seen, but its airy, translucent feel makes it a kitchen gadget that’s hard not to love. Oh, marble — how we love you. This luxe-looking French Press coffee machine is one we can’t resist, especially for its quality design and exterior that’s bound to match with your countertop. Plus, it makes a great gift for anyone on your list, much ado to its match-all nature If you love the all-black look and the modern feel, pick up Fellow’s popular Clara French Press. Though a splurge, you can’t beat the aesthetics (and, it makes pretty good coffee for you to sip and enjoy). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.