PORT ST. LUCIE — Jacob deGrom went from staff ace to the Mets’ big midseason addition in a matter of days. On Saturday, manager Buck Showalter used an analogy common to the Mets when they wouldn’t splurge for additions before the trade deadline and would instead wait for players to get healthy. “I look at it, think about how strong he is going to be as the season progresses,” Showalter said at Clover Park. “That’s a pretty good addition instead of a trade, Jacob deGrom.” DeGrom has been shut down from throwing for up to four weeks after an MRI exam revealed a stress reaction on his right scapula. The pitcher will have to build up again once he resumes throwing. It likely means in a best-case scenario deGrom would return in late May. Showalter said he connected with deGrom on Friday night, hours after the diagnosis, and discussed logistics, including whether the pitcher would be present for opening day or remain in Florida. Showalter said the question was left unresolved. Max Scherzer was asked about his confidence the Mets’ rotation could survive with him (possibly) and deGrom sidelined. “We’ll see,” Scherzer said. “That has nothing to do with what I can and can’t do. I will be out there as soon as I can.” Showalter, who previously managed the Yankees, was asked about the vibe given that both New York teams are spending big trying to win. “It’s not like I look at it and get all tingly,” Showalter said. “Everything for me is about the Mets. What they are doing over there [with the Yankees], I could care less until we get ready to play them. That’s their business and they have been pretty good. I couldn’t even tell you what they are doing this spring. … All our curiosity is going to be satisfied when we start playing.” Adam Ottavino and Trevor May pitched in a minor league game Saturday, giving them back-to-back appearances for the first time this spring. Miguel Castro pitched in the game and will also return Sunday, giving him back-to-back appearances. David Wright spent his final day in camp as a guest instructor. Al Leiter was also in camp during the week to interact with the pitchers and has since departed.