She’s doing her civic duty — by shaking her booty. East Village burlesque and go-go performer Puss ‘N’ Boots donates a portion of her tips to charitable causes, both close to home and around the world. “There’s so much bad in the world … And I’ve been blessed with the ability to dance, to bring people together … and get people excited about stuff,” Boots, whose real name is Caitlin Elizabeth Kimmitz, 37, told The Post. “So it just kind of makes sense to use that for good.” When she is not dancing on the bar of the ‘70s-themed Upper East Side watering hole Ethyl’s or strip-teasing on stage at The Slipper Room on the Lower East Side, she uses her OnlyFans account to collect cash for a purr-pose. In December, she sold $100 worth of winter-themed Polaroids of herself in heels and a G-string by a fireplace and gave all of the proceeds to Meals on Wheels. “During the holidays, it makes me sad to think that older people can’t have food,” she said. And now she’s working on the 2023 edition of the showgirls calendar she creates for charity, handpicking “performers that are positive and uplift the community,” which include women who, by day, work in diverse fields from teaching to acting to bartending. “That’s the kind of motivation you want on your wall,” she said. Once she made a name for herself in the Big Apple, Kimmitz, a Fredericksburg, Va., native, launched Naughty Noir, a monthly rock and roll burlesque show, with fellow dancer Mistress Ginger, whose real name is Alison Weintraub. The duo began the project in 2014 and have been raising money at their shows for causes like cystic fibrosis and breast cancer ever since, launching their first calendar in 2017. When COVID hit, they virtually produced the girlie variety show with pre-recorded acts. And in the wake of George Floyd’s death, they donated 20 percent of proceeds from one of their shows — close to $300 — to the NAACP. Their future plans include giving to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, “as mental health is so important and this pandemic has affected so many with all of the challenges and uncertainty.” Naughty Noir — which was formerly held at The Beauty Bar in the East Village — now has a new home at Eris Evolution in Williamsburg. And Boots is back in person with her signature high boots — and penchant for taking tips in her mouth. “During the pandemic, everyone’s like, ‘That’s disgusting.’ I did stop for a minute, but I’m not gonna lie, I still put money in my mouth sometimes. It’s dirty, but it’s all dirty.”