AUGUSTA, Ga. — Scottie Scheffler was overwhelmed. He was in tears. “I didn’t know what to do,’’ he said. Scheffler was still hours from his 2:40 p.m. Masters final-round tee time at Augusta National, where he would be tasked with trying to hold the three-shot lead he’d built the previous three days to win his first green jacket. “I cried like a baby,’’ Scheffler said. “I was so stressed. I was telling [my wife] Meredith, ‘I don’t think I’m ready for this. I don’t feel like I’m ready for all this kind of stuff.’ I was overwhelmed.’’ Scheffler’s wife calmly talked him off the ledge and made him a big breakfast. Scheffler, the 25-year-old New Jersey native who moved to Texas when he was a young boy, then proceeded to go out win the Masters, his fourth victory in the last six tournaments in which he’s played. The irony about Scheffler’s stunning admission to his Sunday-morning meltdown is that the dude spent all four rounds at this Masters looking and acting like a stone-cold killer, never showing any outward emotions or cracks in his mental armor. The age-old saying goes like this at Augusta National: “The Masters doesn’t begin until the back nine on Sunday.’’ Scheffler never let that happen. By the time be got to the back nine Sunday, he’d put the tournament and the field to sleep. It felt like Scheffler had a chokehold on the tournament for days. He held the lead since Friday and was the only player in the field to post all four rounds under par. He might as well have played the final round wearing the green jacket he was going to win with Sunday’s resounding victory, because no one else was going to win it. It almost felt weird that Scheffler, who entered the week having won three of his past five tournaments, had elevated to the No. 1 ranking in the world last month. His first career win had come only two months ago. How could he be No. 1 so soon? Well, after what he put on display this week — a 10-under finish that bettered Rory McIlroy’s backdoor runner-up finish after the Northern Irishman scorched the course with a 64 on Sunday — are there any questions about Scheffler as the top player in the world now? “He is doing Tiger Woods things right now,’’ fellow PGA Tour player Jason Kokrak said Sunday. “Winning multiple times in a two-month span, it’s impressive stuff what he is doing on the golf courses he’s doing it on. Scottie Scheffler is doing some insane stuff.’’ Scheffler’s victory came on the 25th anniversary not only of Woods’ sport-altering first career Masters victory in 1997 but on the 25th anniversary of his birth year. More symmetry: Woods’ ’97 Masters victory was his fourth career PGA Tour win, and Scheffler’s Masters win was his fourth career victory. “It’s historic,’’ said Scheffler’s longtime pal and fellow PGA Tour player from Texas Will Zalatoris, who finished tied for fifth. “He is playing the best golf in the world. Any time he tees it up, he has a chance to win. There’s no weaknesses in his game.’’ Scheffler, indeed, looked like he was made of pure Teflon, particularly in the final two rounds. On Saturday, he looked like he was about to lap the field when he tugged his tee shot on the 18th hole into the left trees and was forced to take an unplayable lie and a penalty stroke. That scenario had potential double bogey and possible triple written all over it. Scheffler, never getting rattled, calmly went about his business of sorting his strategy out and, from a lie in the pine straw, ripped a 3-iron some 242 yards up the steep hill to just over the back of the green. He would two-putt for bogey from there, dropping only one shot. It will be overlooked because the final round sealed the victory for him, but that shot — surely the greatest of his life — may have won him the tournament. Scheffler took a three-shot lead into the final round over 28-year-old Australian Cam Smith, who can be a fearless birdie machine when he gets hot (see his eight birdies in a 16-hole span in Thursday’s opening round). Smith birdied the first two holes while Scheffler parred them and suddenly the lead was merely one shot, 9-under to 8-under. Things turned dramatically on No. 3, where he chipped in for birdie to get to 10-under and Smith bogeyed to fall to 6-under. The final turning point of note came on the par-3 12th hole, where Smith hit his tee shot into Rae’s Creek and took a triple bogey to fall six shots behind Scheffler. At that point, the only remote threat to Scheffler was McIlroy, who’d gotten to 6-under, four back, but McIlroy was running out of holes.