PHOENIX — Trevor Williams’ cameo in the Mets’ starting rotation was a dud, but opportunity still awaited them in the later innings Saturday night. A strong bullpen performance had put the Mets in the position to sucker punch the underwhelming Diamondbacks and steal a game that innings earlier screamed “blowout loss.” But rallies died, and the Mets lost 5-2 at Chase Field to snap a two-game winning streak. The Mets (11-5) had runners on base in the sixth, seventh and eighth innings, but failed to score each time. Only two of their seven hits for the night went for extra bases, hardly the tonic for overcoming an early four-run deficit. “I knew we were going to have to score some runs, and that is the story of the game, for me,” manager Buck Showalter said. Williams was thrust into starting duty because of the doubleheader this past Tuesday against the Giants, which followed a rainout. The Mets didn’t have a starting pitcher on full rest, and Williams could at least give them multiple innings. But the right-hander turned in a performance hardly befitting of a team that ranked first in the major leagues entering the day with a starting rotation ERA of 2.07. Williams was spanked from the start and got knocked out before recording an out in the third inning. He allowed four earned runs on seven hits over 62 pitches before reliever Sean Reid-Foley helped stabilize the situation. Adding to Williams’ challenge was the fact he had pitched only 1 ²/₃ innings previously this season, over two appearances. “The results weren’t there,” Williams said. “Physically and mentally, I felt like I executed a lot of pitches today, it’s just one of those where unfortunately it doesn’t bounce our way or goes through. The results weren’t there and only going two innings, knowing that I was on a limited pitch count hurts the bullpen. But the guys that came in behind us stepped up and made some big pitches.” Pavin Smith’s RBI double in the third inning gave the Diamondbacks a 4-0 lead. An inning earlier, four consecutive singles — including a Geraldo Perdomo bunt on which Williams collided with Eduardo Escobar — led to Arizona scoring twice. Daulton Varsho and David Peralta each singled against Williams in the first, and the Diamondbacks took a 1-0 lead on Christian Walker’s RBI fielder’s choice. Walker’s double leading off the third finally knocked out Williams. Perdomo tripled leading off the sixth against Adam Ottavino, which led to the Diamondbacks extending their lead to 5-2. In the inning, Varsho struck out, but reached first base on a wild pitch. Peralta’s sacrifice fly brought in the run. The Mets rallied with two runs in the fifth to make it a ballgame. Jeff McNeil’s RBI triple brought in the first run before Tomas Nido reached on an infield RBI single to pull the Mets within 4-2. Dominic Smith, who entered batting only .172, started the rally with a leadoff double into the right-field corner. Francisco Lindor and Eduardo Escobar each walked in the sixth, but lefty Kyle Nelson entered with two outs to retire Smith on the first pitch with a fly-out to center. Brandon Nimmo came to the plate in the seventh with two runners on base and hit into an inning-ending double play. The Mets got an unlucky break earlier in the inning when McNeil’s grounder smacked Robinson Cano as he stood off second base. Cano had reached on an infield single and advanced on a wild pitch. Arizona’s Seth Beer was also struck by a grounder on the base paths, in the fifth inning, and was called out. The play finished with Reid-Foley limping — he was removed from the game with what the Mets termed as leg cramping. Humberto Castellanos lasted five innings for the Diamondbacks and allowed two earned runs on four hits and one walk with five strikeouts.