WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Carlos Carrasco saved his best for last in spring training. After two shaky Grapefruit League appearances that followed a rough start in a minor league intrasquad game to begin camp, the veteran right-hander gave the Mets a solid outing in Monday’s 3-3 tie with the Astros. Carrasco allowed two earned runs on four hits and one walk over 4 ¹/₃ innings, departing after 62 pitches. The relief is that he’s healthy after offseason surgery to remove a bone chip from his right elbow. Last season, Carrasco tore his right hamstring in spring training and didn’t pitch for the Mets until late July. “It’s completely different right now,” Carrasco said. “Last year there was a lot of ups and downs with my hammy and all that stuff, but I came healthy to spring training so I feel ready. The elbow is great, even better than last year.” Carrasco is expected to slot behind Chris Bassitt and ahead of Taijuan Walker in the Mets’ rotation. His first start is expected to come Saturday or Sunday in Washington, but nothing is official as the team awaits Max Scherzer’s bullpen session Tuesday. Scherzer was scratched from his start Saturday because of hamstring tightness, and his availability the first time through the rotation could affect the alignment of the remaining starters. Already, the Mets are without Jacob deGrom for an extended stretch because of a stress reaction in the right-hander’s scapula. “We have a lot of pitchers,” Carrasco said. “We have good guys in there and they have good talent so I am pretty sure they are going to go out there and do the job really well. [DeGrom’s injury] happened and there is nothing we can do about it, so I hope he can get better every day and I am pretty sure Scherzer is coming back, so I think he is going to be ready.” Carrasco said he’s been impressed with Scherzer as a teammate. “I really like his attitude, the way he talks — he talks to everyone, even with the young guys,” Carrasco said. “I really love the way he works, he works so hard. The day he pitches he’s alone in there, but he’s a really good teammate.”