Maybe that series loss in Baltimore was just what the Yankees needed. Since dropping two of three to the lowly Orioles less than two weeks ago, the Yankees have won seven of eight — including their last five. It helps that last-place Baltimore is in town, and the Yankees beat them, 5-2, on Wednesday night. The Yankees got a two-run homer from Giancarlo Stanton in the first inning and a go-ahead sacrifice fly from Stanton in the sixth to get the necessary offense on a chilly night in The Bronx. Stanton gave the Yankees an early lead against Tyler Wells — the right-hander who shut them out for four innings earlier in the month in Baltimore. On Wednesday, Aaron Judge ripped a single to left with one out in the first inning and Stanton followed with a two-out blast into the seats in right-center to put the Yankees up, 2-0. It was Stanton’s third homer of the year and first since April 9, when he homered in each of the Yankees’ first two games of the season. Stanton reached the 350-career home-run milestone in just 1,341 games played — the seventh-fastest to reach the mark, behind Babe Ruth and ahead of Ralph Kiner. History aside, the Yankees could use a hot streak from Stanton, who had been in a 2-for-27 slump before hitting a pair of singles on Tuesday. He’s now got four hits in his last two games Jordan Montgomery, coming off two stellar outings in which he’d allowed just one run in 11 innings, pitched around a leadoff double by Jorge Mateo in the fourth. He hit Ryan McKenna with a pitch, but got Cedric Mullins to fly to center and then caught Mateo off second, getting him into a rundown for the second out. Trey Mancini flied to center to end the threat and keep Baltimore off the board. Montgomery had few issues with Baltimore after that until the sixth. Mullins singled through the right side of the infield with one out and moved to second on a Mancini groundout before Anthony Santander hit one out to left to tie the game at 2-2. It was the first homer hit off Montgomery this year. Montgomery followed by hitting Austin Hays and the lefty was replaced by Michael King. Ramon Urias bounced a single through the shift, moving Hays to third for Robinson Chirinos, who popped out to end the inning. King tossed 2 ¹/₃ shutout innings to extend his scoreless streak to nine innings. In the bottom of the sixth, DJ LeMahieu drew a leadoff walk from Joey Krehbiel, who had just replaced Wells. After Judge struck out, LeMahieu moved to third when Anthony Rizzo dumped a hit-and-run single into left. With runners on the corners, Felix Bautista came in to face Stanton, who crushed a line drive to deep center. Mullins caught up to it, but it easily scored LeMahieu to give the Yankees a one-run lead. Joey Gallo, fresh off his first homer of the season on Tuesday following an ugly start, hit another home run to right-center to lead off the bottom of the seventh to make it 4-2. Kiner-Falefa singled, moved to second on a groundout by Jose Trevino and to third on a groundout by LeMahieu. He then scored on a wild pitch by Dillon Tate, as the Yankees went up 5-2. Clay Holmes pitched the ninth to pick up the save.