PHILADELPHIA — The Rangers found a productive third-line connection between Filip Chytil and Kaapo Kakko on Wednesday in a 4-0 victory over the depleted and dreadful Flyers, but Alexis Lafreniere was not with them, serving as a healthy scratch for the first time in his two-season NHL career — if not for the first time in his hockey life. After the triumph, which created a seven-point cushion for second-place and home-ice advantage in the first round while also moving the Rangers to within two points of the first-place Hurricanes (who hold a game in hand), head coach Gerard Gallant attempted to immediately defuse the situation. “Alexis is not out from bad play, it has nothing to do with that,” Gallant said of the 20-year-old winger, who had gone eight straight games without a point while his effectiveness has declined. “He’s a young guy and he looks a little bit tired lately. “He hasn’t played an 82-game schedule before, so it’s nothing to jump the ship about. He’ll be back in the next game.” That means there will be a musical-chairs feel pertaining to the alignment of the third line for the Rangers’ match Saturday at the Garden against the Red Wings. Because there is Chytil, who had a robust match in his return from a two-game absence due to an upper-body issue. There is Kakko, who scored twice in an impressive showing in his third game back following a 31-game absence relating to a wrist injury and surgery. There is Barclay Goodrow, who had a pair of assists versus the Flyers while patrolling the left side of the unit and stepping in to take all of his line’s faceoffs, going 8-2 at the dots for his trouble. And there is Lafreniere, who had been on the third line for the previous 10 games following his lengthy spin on the right up top with an uncharacteristically quiet Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. Gallant might be somewhat of a magician, but it is most unlikely that he will be able to fit these four players into three third-line spots. That sets up the seven-game runway to the playoffs as a testing ground. Kakko seemed to prove that he is back, if not even stronger and fitter following all of the conditioning work and skating he did throughout his 10-week absence. The Finn was quick off the mark and assertive in the offensive zone while working responsibly in his own end in front of goaltender Alexandar Georgiev. “I was out for a long time so I think always the first couple of games are not so good,” Kakko said. “But it’s getting better.” Kakko, who hadn’t scored since getting a pair in Arizona on Dec. 15, rifled one from the high slot, while the seas parted in front of him, to beat neophyte netminder Felix Sandstrom for a 1-0 lead at 10:20 of the first period. He recorded the 2-0 goal at 8:22 of the second from in front by converting a nifty centering feed from Chytil after the center had won the puck in a corner battle. “I was first thinking I should pass it to Fil because he was open on the other side for a one-timer, but then I saw I had so much time so just shoot it,” Kakko said of the first goal. “[The second] was a great pass. It was an easy tap for me.” Chytil and Kakko played a fair amount last year on the Kid Line that had Lafreniere on the left. When both are on their games, there is a fair amount of chemistry between them. That’s a qualifier. “He’s a good player and great skater and I think that’s good for me,” Kakko said of Chytil, who had three points (1-2) in his last 12 games before this one. “He has some speed, so that’s how we can get more time in the O-zone. I try to find him all the time.” Goodrow’s presence adds veteran balance and a 200-foot game that complements Chytil’s and Kakko’s. But if that’s the way the Rangers line up, then where would be the spot for Lafreniere? If the forwards stay healthy, that is going to be the tricky one for the coach. “It’s going to be day-to-day,” Gallant said. “We’ve got extra players.”