Cross off the conspiracy theory that has Yankees star Aaron Judge moving crosstown to the Mets this coming winter. Almost immediately after the Yankees and their great slugger broke off contract talks, speculation started that had Judge moving eight miles by subway to the southeast. And it did make some sense. Here’s the theory: Mets owner Steve Cohen, who tops MLB in both money ($15 billion plus) and motivation (seemingly limitless), loves stars almost as much as he likes to spend, and the only thing coming between Judge and the Yankees is a little loot. Beyond that, Judge is a proven New York performer beloved in all boroughs (though he has heard a few boos in The Bronx after rejecting the Yankees’ $213.5 million extension offer), and Cohen can afford a whole borough, never mind a player and his chambers. To this point, Cohen shows precious little restraint, even if the other 29 owners have tried hard to rein him in with that fourth-tier $290 million luxury-tax threshold and usurious 80 percent tax above it. To that, he says: whatevs. Cohen already owns the game’s best-paid pitcher and shortstop, so why not the game’s best-paid outfielder, as Judge believes he should be? While all that is logical, the facts don’t support the case, your honor. Here’s the judgment that counts: Cohen is telling folks he thinks the Yankees made a “very fair” offer to Judge. Such sentiment suggests he wouldn’t go past that bid, and certainly not far enough past to get Judge to move himself and his chambers to Queens. While it isn’t yet known whether Cohen has any financial limits, the Mets’ outfield situation is already strong. The clear need next winter is very likely to resolve a rotation situation complicated by super ace Jacob deGrom’s latest injury and strong resolve to opt out of the contract he hates. And while Cohen hasn’t demonstrated any interest beyond improving his club, at least one person absolutely could not envision the relatively new Mets owner doing something so overt to hurt his crosstown rival. “He wouldn’t do that to the Yankees,” one source opined. Indeed, it does seem to be a weird era of good feeling between our two teams. Beyond the long-established Bronx-born bromance between general managers Brian Cashman and Billy Eppler, which already resulted in a trade of relievers, an intracity exchange that occurs only slightly more often than a Subway World Series, let’s face reality here. Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner was an early, consistent supporter of Cohen’s initially iffy bid to win the Mets. Does anyone really believe Cohen would repay Steinbrenner by stealing his best player? Theoretically, all teams should compete at all times. But in the real world, folks don’t like to hurt their good buds, especially if it costs them a quarter billion bucks in the process. Meantime, back in The Bronx, the Yankees and Judge have too many reasons not to restart talks that have them about $75 million apart — the Yankees are offering about $233 million including a seven-year extension for $213.5 million while Judge was seeking a nine- or 10-year total deal (eight- or nine-year extension) for at least $308 million total, based on his $36M-a-year ask for those free-agent years. There is too much for both parties to lose there. The homegrown Judge is easily the face of their team, and the Yankees obviously get that, as evidenced by an offer nearly everyone sees as reasonable, except Judge himself. Likewise, Judge benefits by being a Yankee. The robed fans in right field enhance his Q rating, and add a touch of fun to the game’s most historic and stately franchise. Here’s hoping the Yankees and Judge figure this out, either by Judge revoking his off-limits order for in-season talks, or in winter, as they did with previous outfield star Bernie Williams, who ultimately used a Red Sox offer to bump up his Yankees deal by tens of millions to $87.5 million over seven seasons. In any case, Judge belongs in the Bronx, where it all began. One theory with more chance than Judge to the Mets ultimately might be Juan Soto to the Yankees. The superstar has three years to go with the Nationals, so that can’t be considered at all likely in the short term. But unlike in the case of Judge and the Mets, at least the Yankees are known to be motivated to try for Soto if Judge leaves. Of course the Yankees love Soto, who is not only six-plus years younger, but also left-handed, which fits Yankee Stadium better. Now that’s one case in which they might get competition from Cohen. The Mets seemed to signal their interest by coming close to signing Soto’s little brother Elian, who hasn’t yet shown he’s even a prospect. Ultimately, the Nats swooped in for $250,000 when the Mets were only bidding $50,000, but this is one scenario that has a chance to become a down-the-road New York bidding war.