A mass shooting at a house party full of minors in Pittsburgh early Easter morning left two juveniles dead and eight others injured from bullet wounds, police said. The gunfire unfolded at an Airbnb property in the city’s North Side shortly after 1 a.m. on Sunday. Authorities estimate as many as 200 people were at the house. About 50 rounds were fired inside the home forcing partygoers to jump out of windows and suffer broken bones and lacerations. Police said several more shots were fired outside of the house. Ten victims, including the two deceased young men, were taken to area hospitals. Police initially said 11 people were shot but revised their report. Details about the victims’ current status are unknown. The investigation is ongoing in the North Side neighborhood known by locals as Deutschtown. Police said there are currently eight separate crime scenes where evidence is being gathered. Nearby residents reported seeing hundreds of people in the streets with a massive police response following the Easter morning shooting. “At least 10 gunshot victims, two lives lost, and hundreds of lives forever changed, because we have yet to pass meaningful legislation to lessen the amount of guns in our streets or provide the much-needed resources to communities desperately need,” Mayor Ed Gainey said in a Sunday statement. “The time is now for us to move with a sense of urgency to bring justice to the victims and peace to our city.” Nearby residents reported seeing huge crowds of partygoers entering the house and then seeing  hundreds of people in the streets with a massive police response following the Easter morning gunfire. “It was like a club,” neighbor Mitchell Wilston, 30, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. “There was a line of people to get in [stretching] to the corner here.” Wilston told the paper he saw police arrive at the party before the shooting but the cops didn’t shut it down despite the obvious “chaos.” “It was so clearly underage kids. These kids looked like they were 14,” he said, adding he was going to the car wash Sunday because he found blood on his white car. Video that appears to be from the scene showed a packed house. Someone can be heard yelling: “He’s got a gun …We gotta go we gotta go, oh my gosh. He’s about to shoot!” “My crew — out!” another attendee yelled as she attempted to flee. “C’mon, b—h.” The footage shows a house so crowded that those who wanted to leave were unable to move. Once gunshots rang out, panic ensued and attendees screamed, ducked and tried to run away.