This potential treatment may not be for the squeamish. Accidentally swallowed a magnetic ball? Not to worry: Hong Kong scientists have created a state-of-the-art “slime robot” that can be magnetically manipulated to retrieve inadvertently ingested objects, among a myriad of other real-world applications. A case study detailing the cybernetic cutting-edge invention was published recently in the journal “Advanced Functional Materials.” “The ultimate goal is to deploy it like a robot,” the goo-bot’s co-creator, Li Zhang, of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, told the Guardian. Zhang and his team reportedly concocted the revolutionary ooze by mixing neodymium magnet particles with household detergent borax and the resin polyvinyl alcohol, the first ingredient so it can be controlled magnetically, Reuters reported. They then coated the toxic magnetic particles with silica to hypothetically make them safe for use inside the human body. The resultant product has “visco-elastic properties” — meaning that it behaves like a liquid or a solid depending on the level of the force applied. Think of a fun-sized liquid metal T-1000 from “Terminator 2,” if it was built to help rather than harm. “When you touch it very quickly it behaves like a solid,” said Zhang. “When you touch it gently and slowly it behaves like a liquid.” If that wasn’t SyFy Channel enough, the magnetic glob can also heal itself, form “C” and “O” shapes and even conduct electricity. In fact, the bot’s abilities seemed so far-fetched that social media thought it was an April Fools’ Day gag when it debuted on April 1, the Guardian reported. However, a freaky breakthrough video shows a soft-bodied robot pulling wires together, enveloping objects like “The Blob,” navigating passages as narrow as 1.5 mm and even glomming together after being chopped apart, behaving like mercury from a broken thermometer. Scientists believe that the globule could boast a range of essential applications, such as “transporting harmful things” and “circuit switching and repair,” per the study. Most importantly, perhaps, it could potentially extract non-food items accidentally ingested by people — a critical function given recent horror stories of people swallowing pointedly dangerous foreign objects, from needles to car keys. No word as to whether the flubber-like substance works on objects accidentally lodged in people’s urethras. The goop spawned mixed reactions social media, with one gawker deeming it “kinda frightening.” “I think i’d rather have whatever was swallowed pass through naturally than ingest what looks like magnetic turd,” wrote another naysayer, scoffing at the invention’s potential medical uses. Others, including the official Sony account, compared the dark blob to the eponymous space symbiote from the “Venom” movies. Others deemed it a vicious Trojan horse that the government could use to implant hardware under the guise of performing invasive surgery. “Yes like they’re gonna spend millions on developing this for retrieving items accidentally swallowed,” said one social media conspiracy theorist. “Right. Implant maintenance more like.” “Be not afraid of the living, controllable robot glob that can slither into your body,” wrote another snarky doomsayer. “The glob is your friend. The glob only wants to help.” Fortunately, as many Twitter users pointed out, the slimeball is not sentient. “It’s not intelligent. It has no parts,” said one Twitter realist in retort to other users’ paranoid free associating. “It’s just a blob you move around with magnets.” Zhang explained that while, for now, the robo-glob is not autonomous, “we still consider it as fundamental research — trying to understand its material properties.”