Even though Kyrie Irving’s refusal to be vaccinated against COVID-19 relegated him to being a part-time player this season — and hurt the Nets — he has doubled down that it was the right choice for him. But after the Nets paid, supported and stuck by him, does he have something to prove in these playoffs? “Man, that’s a good question. It’s a great feeling when you know during uncomfortable times you can really lean in on different individuals,” Irving said. “Some stood by me in public, some stood by me in private and I’m OK with both. Some disagree with me in public, some disagree with me in private. It doesn’t bother me as much as it did in the beginning, because everything was just so new. “Everything was being thrown in my face in terms of what I should be doing. … I was being pinned up against something the world felt like I was doing wrong. It was like ‘Well, the majority says you should do this and why are you going against this? You know you’re losing out on millions? You know you’re giving up on your teammates.’ I heard everything. I was called so many different names.” Irving’s decision has been dissected and divisive. When his refusal to adhere to New York City’s vaccine mandate barred him from playing at Barclays Center, the Nets initially decided not to play him part-time, but still paid him for the road games he missed. Then, he made his season debut Jan. 5 at Indiana, and became a full-time player March 28 versus the Hornets after Mayor Eric Adams lifted the mandate for athletes and entertainers. As for how Irving would respond to those who suggest just because he could refuse to get vaccinated didn’t mean he should choose to, he shrugged. “It’s hard to address all those people because they’re usually blocking their profile image, or they don’t come out in public and say it to your face,” Irving said. “I don’t know who they are. All I know is I get things on my Twitter feed and social media, and I get asked about it. But in response to that, I can’t really address everybody. “I can really that say I stood firm on what I believed in, what I wanted to do with my body. That should be not just an American right, that should be a human right. And when you stand for something like that, in a society that we’re in where we have a lot more followers than we do leaders, you’re going to be forced into being seen as a black sheep that people can attack and can clickbait your name and say these things that don’t really describe who you are. “So I can’t address everybody, but as we move forward in time, I know that I made the right decision for me.”