Becoming your own personal interior designer can be quite the task if it’s not something that comes naturally. Lighting, sofas, bedding, rugs, bar carts, TV stands, mattresses — there are so many different options and it can be hard to know which direction to go in. The same thing goes for bar stools, but luckily we created this extensive list of the best options you can find on Amazon (thank you, two-day Prime shipping)! Whether your style is midcentury modern, modern, traditional, bohemian, Art Deco or Industrial, we’ve got you covered. Ahead find the top 10 options we found on Amazon with different looks and many price points — most with thousands of reviews! Happy designing! You can’t go wrong with the Amazon Basics’ wooden saddle seats for your kitchen counter. They’re available in white, brown and black. Plus, you can’t beat the price tag for a set of two. If you’re working with a bachelor pad vibe, consider this set of two black leather stools. We love these stools for a mid-century modern, industrial aesthetic. They’re designed with 360-degree swivel seats and a sturdy ring footrest that provides better support and an adjustable seat height. For the shopper who is designing a traditional space, consider these upholstered backless saddle bar stools. They come in both a rustic grey or light beige. The DHP wooden bar stools are ideal for rustic homes. They’re 30 inches in height and come in five different finishes to match whatever aesthetic you may have. These Puluomis adjustable swivel barstools are giving us Miami Beach vibes and we’re not mad about it. Available in white, black and grey. Get more for your money with this set of four rustic stools for just $126! They come in black or baby blue for a fun pop of color. For a dark, manly vibe with some extra cushion, go for the Leader Shell Back Bar Stools. Snag these babies in more than a dozen different colors. This Upholstered barstool by Leick is another great option for any home. They have nearly 1,000 reviews and come in both light grey and black. Looking for some outdoor furniture this spring and summer? Consider this set of two patio swivel bar stools that are bound to complete your space. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.