National teachers-union boss Randi Weingarten recently likened encouraging parents to get involved in how their kids are being taught to fighting words — saying it’s the way “wars start.” Weingarten told radio host Rick Smith in a podcast earlier this month that conservative pols pushing for more input in curriculum and text books are whipping up parents to hate teachers and public education. Weingarten accused GOP officials in states such as Florida and Texas of falsely portraying some teachers and administrators as indoctrinating kids amid spiraling school-culture battles on issues including critical-race theory and gender identity. “This is propaganda. This is misinformation. This is the way in which wars start,’’ Weingarten said. “This is the way in which hatred starts.” The union boss rejected the notion that teachers are surreptitiously leading public-school kids down predetermined ideological paths. “We’re not indoctrinating,” she said. “We’re not grooming. … What we’re doing is making sure we educate kids. We keep them safe. We keep them welcome. And we teach them how to think, not what to think.” Weingarten has been a vocal critic of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, who put the Sunshine State on the front lines of several education policy clashes this year. Most recently, he signed into law a bill that banned instruction related to gender identity and sexual orientation for children in kindergarten through the third grade. Backers of the new law say it shields young kids from age-inappropriate material. Critics claim the legislation foments anti-LGBTQ sentiment, dubbing it the “Don’t Say Gay” bill. On the podcast, Weingarten accused what she called “right-wing extremists” of “trying to put back in the closet people who may be gay or trans.” DeSantis also passed legislation prohibiting the teaching of critical race theory in Florida classrooms, arguing that the approach breeds division and makes kids “hate each other.” Weingarten and others critical of DeSantis assert that America’s unjust racial history is not being fully presented in schools. The union leader also took aim at Texas for allowing the prosecution of parents who oversee medical treatments for their transgender minor children. “These right-wing ideologues are just trying to create fear and anxiety and anger exploiting the fear that parents already have in order to win elections and end public education as we know it,” she said. Smith echoed Weingarten’s position, stating his opposition to “this idea that we’re going to allow the right wing to ban a bunch of books and attack schools and destroy libraries.” “There’s this boogeyman that they’ve created that nobody is experiencing,” Smith said. School-board meetings have become increasingly bitter battlegrounds in recent years, with frequent collisions over everything from mask mandates to gender identity.