Scandalous, spicy and scintillating: there can only be one as epic as Miley Cyrus. An artist of constant reinvention—Cyrus, 29, repeatedly soars in like a wrecking ball. Catapulted to mega stardom as Disney’s beloved Hannah Montana, she’s skyrocketed to ultra star status with her wild outfits, antics and immense resource of talent. Ever eager to push the envelope within the media and her art anytime she can—she has become a true cultural icon in every single way. Embracing an alternative lifestyle and an immensely sex-positive image, she remains at the top of Hollywood on screen, on stage and socially! Yet, it’s her inherent sense of humor that continues to keep her in the media spotlight—showing that the living legend isn’t going topless, rocking a mullet, or getting chased down by UFOs just for the attention. No: Miley Cyrus is just being Miley and Miley is always having fun! So did she just have lucky stars that helped her to be born into the right family—or was she also chosen for big things on a cosmic level? Is she always destined for tumultuous love affairs that ultimately end in heartbreak? Join me as we take a peek behind the curtain to find out who she is underneath because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Miley Cyrus’s birth chart shows she can create anything she sets her mind to Miley Cyrus was born on November 23, 1992. This makes her a spicy AF Sagittarius Sun with a deeply passionate Scorpio Moon. Her birth time is listed online—and upon peering into her chart—so much of it makes sense right off the bat (Hey Miley, hit me up, let’s hang and get cosmic, you’re friends with like a ton of my friends!). When we peer into her elemental energy, she’s actually composed of a ton of Water and Earth placements. This means that she’s heavily influenced by her emotions and once she’s set her plan on something—she will get it done. The thing that I love about her being a Sagittarius, though, is that it innately gives her a strong urge for freedom and a hunger for adventure. This is the zodiac sign of the sojourner, always eager to chase the horizon and explore everything that life has to offer her. Sagittarians are often seen as the “bachelor” zodiac sign, as eager to dive into a fling as quickly as they are to leave it once they sense that things are too comfortable and they’re settling. Being caged or controlled are like a death sentence to this Fire sign, which is why she is just as eager to leave people in the dust. And with a seductive, sexual and hypnotic Scorpio Moon? Woof! This is a woman who craves to go deep to every realm of her heart. Also important to note: with her Sun, Moon, Mercury and Pluto opposite her Ascendant, she is truly able to stand at the center of attention and assert her ego over others with ease. Bow down, b*tches! The next thing I note in her birth chart is that her Moon, ruling her inner emotional life, links to so many planets. This gives her a vigorous and daring personality—sensitive and profoundly invested in her feelings. Her Moon smiles upon Mars and is also in the exact same place as Pluto. This makes her a force to be reckoned with—as well as empowers her desire to not be controlled. She’ll rise up if her emotional center ever feels uncomfortable or threatened. Her Moon is also conjunct Mercury, the planet of communication, showing that she can bring logic, wit and intelligence into everything that she does, especially when she knows what goals she’s after. This aggressive, but also charming side of her can make her a bit restless, but always gives her the confidence to have an answer in the heat of the moment. The next major theme within her chart speaks repeatedly of how courageous, strong-willed and hard working she is. (All of this aligns with everything I’ve heard about her personally through our mutual pals.) She’s brave. Plain and simple. She’s capable of living life to the fullest because she dares to do so. Her Sun, ruling her life force, is energized by Mars, the planet of passion. Her Mars also meets in a dance with Pluto, which further emboldens her to strive for power because she has enormous levels of energy, stamina and endurance to get there. At times in her past, she faced insecurity and a sense of uncertainty, but her true inner fire helped her to conquer that—and the world. I also adore how her Jupiter smiles upon Saturn, enriching her ambition and helping her to easily step into the role as a leader and pave the way to her success. Last to note, with her Jupiter, the planet of luck, in a perfect angle to her Midheaven—or point of public recognition—duh, she was destined to be successful at literally anything she strives for. Miley Cyrus’s birth chart shows that she will always be a rebel in love, sex and relationships Now, let’s dive into Miley Cyrus’s personal relationships. I have often wondered what makes her such a tempest—able to soar into love and just as quickly leave it—and on a general note, I always chalked it up to her impulsive and adrenaline-junky Sagittarius Sun. But to be honest, there’s a lot more going on in her natal chart that shows even more revealing information about her. (And don’t think I’m hating on Sagittarians, I love Sagittarians! In fact, most of my chart is in Sagittarius! Holla!) While I did mention a lot of her emotional inner life previously, I want to point out three other factors. First, her Venus, the planet of romance, clashes with Jupiter, the planet of abundance. On one hand, this brings her a refined and artistic nature, but it also brings her an immense need for attention (ahem, worship) from others as well as a tendency to be quite indulgent. Pleasure is a lifestyle for her—so why would anyone want to cage that? Then, on top of that, her Venus is in the exact same place in the sky as Uranus, the planet of rebellion, bringing her fierce independence in her relationships that makes her unable to settle down in a traditional way. This brings her unconventional attitudes toward life, culture and relationships—and recognizing her own sense of needing space and independence is the key to what makes her happiest. Last, her Venus is also united with Neptune—the planet of fantasy. On one hand, this can make her enchanting and mesmerizing to others, but it also is like a double-edged sword. Yes, she’s immensely romantic and imaginative, but she can also just as easily end up lost in an idealistic vision of her partners that has no root in reality. Sometimes it can actually lead her to fall in love with the idea of the person—or in love with the idea of love. When she was younger, this could have made her more impressionable—that is, until she found the lioness within. Is Miley Cyrus astrologically compatible with Liam Hemsworth? So if Cyrus is an eternal free spirit, what brought she and ex-husband Liam Hemsworth, 32, together? Let’s take a closer look. Liam Hemsworth was born on January 13, 1990. This makes him a grounded Capricorn Sun with a fiery Moon in Leo. His chart, like Cyrus’s, is also composed of a lot of Earth elemental energy. As much as he may come across as a grounded man, though, wow—he sure is dreamy (and no, I’m not just saying to look at; but if anyone knows a gay version of Liam Hemsworth, please send him way, kthanksbye). He’s also extremely confident, outgoing and dominant (woof, I’m getting turned on)—and that is also immensely attractive to Cyrus’s more ethereal side. My compatibility rating for them is 6.5 out of 10.When looking at their charts together, I absolutely see the draw between them—and the stability that they were building. This connection is immensely karmic in nature—and while I do think they share a soulmate connection, I think it is one that was more about teaching each other important lessons rather than maintaining a lifelong connection. The way their outer planets—Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto—dance together is profound, showing immensely important energy where they were drawn to one another and impacted each other on every level of life, body, mind and soul. They mutually transformed each other and also mutually taught each other vital lessons—forever changing one another’s view of reality. Of course there is an immense amount of romance and animal passion between them, I just love how their Suns dance with one another’s Venuses, as well as how one another’s Venuses swim with one another’s Moons—this is a connection that is so deep and unique. Oh, and with Hemsworth’s Venus tangoing with Cyrus’s Mars, yup, she was ready to hop on that horse and get freaky 24/7. Their charts also reveal that they inherently had a strong sense of communication—and while that likely waned, it was actually because of the emotional disconnect when it came to the vision of what their marriage was when they both signed up and how as two people they ultimately realized they wanted different things in the end. What are predictions for Miley Cyrus? LBR: when you’re Miley Cyrus, it’s practically a rule that you’re always going to be having fun! To be entirely fair, though, she does have a bit of a rock-and-roll vibe happening over the next few years, with an emphasis on the rocky (sorry, sweetie, adore you). Let’s start off first with Saturn’s bad beast energy—and she’s in the midst of one of the most important turning points in her entire life. Saturn is called the Taskmaster planet in astrology and often brings important lessons and challenges for us to face—and from the spring of 2020 until the beginning of 2023, she’s leveling up as an adult. In astrology, we aren’t “adults” until we pass our first Saturn Return—which is what she is experiencing and is causing her to face hard truths about where she’s been as well as set down new roots for the coming three decades ahead. There’s a very big focus in her chart particularly in 2022 around letting go of friendships that aren’t fulfilling her, as well as forming new ones that will likely stand the test of time. She’s also having an important adjustment around her aspirations and goals and digging deep on what makes her truly happy. The next thing to note is that she is experiencing powerful eclipses—tied to her destiny—that are highlighting shifts around her mental and physical health. On one hand, this could help her to have a breakthrough and make her feel stronger than ever before—but it could also just as easily lead her to have a “WTF” crisis and have this come to reality moment about how she’s getting older and needs to truly take care of herself even better. On an exciting end, I do see that she will also begin a trend around increased creativity and psychic ability too—yes, Miley, you do have some cool ass powers—but this will grow most potently in 2023 and 2024. I think when we get to 2024, we’ll end up seeing a whole new vision of Cyrus as she scales new cliffs and horizons and teaches us that we, too, can dream big. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.