Billie Eilish almost took “break a leg” literally when she had an unfortunate spill during her Coachella set on April 23. The 20-year-old “Bad Guy” crooner fell onstage while singing her tune, “Getting Older.” “I just ate s—t,” she screamed after she slipped, according to a Twitter video that captured the moment. “Ouch! You guys, I just ate a– up here.” “I tripped on the f—king fire thing,” she told her audience. Once she finished harmonizing her song, she explained what went down when she took a tumble. According to a “face plant” video released by TMZ, the Oscar winner said, “It was pitch black. You see that square? This f—king thing? I went ‘de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de’ and fell onto my face.” The crowd then chanted “f—k the square” and Eilish couldn’t help but laugh and join in on the rant. Later on during her set, Eilish brought along her brother Finneas O’Connell for an acoustic cover of her single “Your Power.” Another surprise guest who made a cameo appearance was Paramore frontwoman, Hayley Williams. Once the pop-rocker, 33, got herself onstage and sat next to Eilish, she said, “This is my first Coachella, whoa. Thanks for sharing this with me. This is sick!” The pair sang their hearts out to a rendition of the 2000s band’s iconic hit, “Misery Business.” After the duet performance, the “Ocean Eyes” songstress was absolutely starstruck. “Oh my f—king god,” she yelled once Williams departed the stage.  “Absolutely what on Earth could be cooler than that? I’m dead serious.” The “Ain’t It Fun” musician later joined Eilish again to perform “Happier Than Ever.” Other pop stars who took the stage for the second and final weekend of Coachella included Carly Rae Jepsen, Harry Styles and Lizzo. Eilish made history at this year’s music festival held in Indio, California as she is the youngest artist to ever headline the festivities. During her initial performance during the first weekend of Coachella, she took a minute to shout out 2018 headliner Beyoncé. “Thank you, Coachella! I’m sorry I’m not Beyoncé,” the songwriter said last weekend. She also quipped that she “should not be headlining this s–t,” adding that she was “so f–king grateful” to have the opportunity to sing at the iconic festival. “This is such a dream come true,” she gushed. “I feel crazy.”