Three NBA playoff contests fill out today’s schedule and we’re here to break down the betting trends for each game. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. So without further delay, here’s the breakdown for each contest tonight. The Bucks are sizable home favorites in Game Two and sharps are gravitating to the favorites. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on Milwaukee, which opened as consensus ten-point favorites against the Bulls. However, we’re seeing Bucks -9.5 available depending on where you shop with most books holding firm at -10. In addition to sharps coming in on the Bucks, big money is also streaming in on the defending champions. As of this writing, Milwaukee has seen 51 percent of all spread bets, but 95 percent of the total handle. Those percentages also trigger an Action Network PRO system. The “Playoffs: More Money on Favorites” system has a historical 62 percent win rate and 21 percent return on investment, including a 4-1 record this postseason. As for the total, we’re seeing some division between sharp and big money. Sharps came in on the opening number (225 points) and now we’re seeing a 225.5 pop up as the best number available for under bettors. That said, big money has shown for over 225 points, which has received 61 percent of bets and 83 percent of the handle. Bettors looking to back the over can find a 224.5 available as the best number. There’s little separating these teams in terms of the spread and there’s little separating them in terms of the betting opinion. At this writing, only one signal is triggering in favor of either team. We’ve noticed sharp action coming in on the Celtics, which opened as four-point favorites at home, but we’re now seeing it as a consensus three-and-a-half-point favorite market-wide. In terms of the percentage splits, Boston has received 25 percent of all bets against 20 percent of the total handle. The only aspect of note with Brooklyn is that, at this writing, it qualifies as the second-most bet team in terms of bet count tonight. As for the total, it is likewise indecisive among bettors as only one signal triggers in favor of either side. That signal? Big money bets going toward under 226 points, down from an opener of 228.5. At this writing, the under has received 56 percent of all total bets, but 93 percent of the total handle. That percentage qualifies the under as the highest money percentage across all six total options available tonight.  The 76ers dominated the opening two games in Philadelphia and bettors are once again backing it to take a 3-0 series lead. Sharp money is coming in on the Raptors, which has received 26 percent of all bets. However, three of the remaining four PRO report signals are going in favor of the visiting 76ers. Whereas sharp money is heading to the Raptors, big money is going to the 76ers. At this writing, the 76ers have received 95 percent of the total spread handle, the largest such percentage across today’s three games. Further, the same PRO system triggering the Bucks — Playoffs: More Money on Favorites — triggers the 76ers too. As a reminder, that system has a 62 percent historical win rate and 21 percent return on investment. Finally, one top NBA expert from the Action Network is backing the 76ers tonight to trigger three signals in its favor. As for the total, there’s not much meaningful action on either side. Neither the over nor the under have any signals going in its favor and the percentage splits are fairly close. As of this writing, the over has seen both more bets (52 percent) and more money (60 percent).