TAMPA — Add the Yankees to the list of teams in favor of PitchCom. In their first day using the wearable device that transmits pitch signals from catchers to pitchers, the Yankees came away encouraged with the product and hope to possibly implement it during the regular season, if MLB decides to allow it. “I think they’re on to something,” manager Aaron Boone said Saturday. Teams across the league have been experimenting with PitchCom this spring — including the Mets — with early results giving hope that it can improve the pace of play and also cut down on opponents stealing signs, plus the paranoia that comes with that threat. After using it during Deivi Garcia’s live batting practice on a backfield Saturday morning — with Boone sticking one of the five audio transmitters inside his hat as he watched — the Yankees decided to ask Severino if he wanted to try it about an hour before his start against the Braves at Steinbrenner Field. Severino agreed, meaning that instead of looking in to decipher signs from catcher Kyle Higashioka, Higashioka could just press buttons on his wristband to give Severino the pitch and location. “I think it was great,” Severino said. “I was a little doubtful at the beginning, but when we started using it, it was really good — with a man on second, too. I would definitely like to use it in my first start [of the regular season]. … You know what pitch you’re going to throw right away.” Severino said the technology can be programmed for the pitcher to hear the pitch instructions in English or Spanish, but he opted for the former. Boone said Higashioka also started to like it after the first couple of innings as he got more comfortable with it, and continued to use it with Nestor Cortes Jr., who relieved Severino. “I think it helped guys pick up the pace of play a little bit, which was encouraging,” pitching coach Matt Blake said. “I think there’s a lot of use for it. Think it was well-received by the group, which I wasn’t sure with baseball guys and the tradition, throwing it on them last-minute.” With three days left in spring training, Blake said the Yankees would try to have their pitchers and catchers use it as much as possible so they will be prepared if MLB deems it usable for the regular season. “No hiccups,” Boone said. “It’s pretty cool.” Pitching coach Matt Blake said the Yankees have some complicated decisions to make about the pitching staff before Opening Day, with starters not stretched out and an unforgiving schedule. “Every starter is built up to about 70-75 [pitches],’’ Blake said. “So we’ll be going four or five innings [with the starters] for a week and a half.” Rosters are set to be expanded from 26 to 28 through the end of April, so teams can add pitchers and Blake said several are in contention to serve as long relievers. Manny Banuelos, once a young Yankees prospect now trying to revive his career, has impressed and the lefty was singled out by Blake as a possibility, as is JP Sears. Blake also mentioned Deivi Garcia, in the midst of a strong spring following a disastrous 2021 season. Joey Gallo entered the game with 11 strikeouts in 27 plate appearances, but hit two balls hard on Saturday — including a 111 mph laser to right field that turned into a double play when Anthony Rizzo was thrown out at home. He also lined to short and walked. “I feel like he’s real close,’’ Boone said. Jordan Montgomery is scheduled to throw a “light live [batting practice]” on Tuesday in his final tuneup for the regular season. The lefty is schedule to start the third game of the season on April 10 against the Red Sox.