President Biden has confidence in Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) despite a recent report that her Democratic colleagues believe she’s mentally unfit for office, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Monday. Daily Mail reporter Nikki Schwab asked Psaki at her regular briefing if Biden still believes in Feinstein, 88, in light of last week’s San Francisco Chronicle bombshell. “Yes, she’s a longtime friend, a proud public servant and someone he has long enjoyed serving with and working with,” Psaki replied. Schwab followed up, asking, “After that report came out last week questioning her health, did the president reach out to her at all?” “I don’t have any updates on private conversations,” Psaki said. Feinstein’s hometown newspaper reported that “four U.S. senators, including three Democrats, as well as three former Feinstein staffers and the California Democratic member of Congress” expressed concern “that her memory is rapidly deteriorating.” As one unnamed Democratic senator told the outlet: “It’s bad, and it’s getting worse.” The Chronicle added that “two senators who have served with Feinstein for years said they believe she does not always fully recognize them. They said they get the sense that Feinstein realizes she knows them but isn’t able to quickly recall their name or home state.” Feinstein, whose term ends in 2024, left Senate Democratic leadership in 2020 after intense left-wing criticism of her warm treatment of then-President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett, who was expected to make the court more conservative by replacing the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Biden, who turns 80 this year, also has faced accusations of mental decline in his sixth decade holding public office — such as when he made a series of gaffes during a trip to Europe last month, forcing walk-backs from his staff. Biden, already the oldest-ever president, says he intends to seek re-election in 2024. He would be 86 if he completes a second term. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), who just turned 82, came to Feinstein’s defense and slammed members of Congress for going after the senator shortly after the February death of her husband Richard Blum. Pelosi said it was “unconscionable that, just weeks after losing her beloved husband of more than four decades and after decades of outstanding leadership to our City and State, she is being subjected to these ridiculous attacks that are beneath the dignity in which she has led and the esteem in which she is held.”