We haven’t met a single person who doesn’t like to receive a new PJ set. Like, ever. As a welcome gift for Mother’s Day (for any woman on your list), you can’t go wrong with a matching sleep set or nightgown. Not to mention, a pair of dreamy, marshmallow-soft pajamas make a great last-minute Mother’s Day gift (and a Mother’s Day gift you can buy on Amazon). Even if you’re more into loungewear or knock-around linens, it’s never the wrong time to snag a new pajama set, especially when many are currently working from home and wearing sleepwear while wide awake (we’re with you). To help you feel your best this winter, shop our top 15 picks for women’s pajamas below. Not only did we cherry-pick the best of the best but we also included the No. 1 trending PJ set right now: the ruffle-embossed luxe pair from Sleeper. Introducing the TikTok-famous PJs that make everyone’s head turn. As a party in a box that’s waiting to be unwrapped, this fun fit is a personal favorite that always makes nighttime feel luxe. Plus, it makes for a splurge-worthy gift for anyone. Eberjey is the poster brand for feel-good, comfy pajamas. Truly, the sets are divine, come in color and trim options for everyone and make an all-around exceptional gift. Truthfully, we live in our Ultra-Soft Bamboo Jogger Shorts from Cozy Earth (they’re just that soft). So, there’s no surprise that the brand’s Stretch Knit Bamboo Pajama Set made the cut. For a simple pair that keeps you snuggly warm (even without a blanket, though we love our weighted ones), this is the pair to snag. For an affordable women’s pajama set you can wear all year round, you can’t go wrong with Amazon’s basic options. In every color and pattern under the sun, you’re sure to find at least one that tickles your fancy (and, may want to order more than one pair). Sweet and satin is the name of the game with these less-than-$25 pajama set. Serving a subtly sexy look, they’re one of our favorites, for sure. Not to mention, it’s one of the most flattering and breathable options you’ll find. Want to gift the woman in your life a designer hotel vibe? Pick up the Siren Song Pajama Set from Anthropologie for a set that’s clean-looking, chic and comfy for sleep. The set also comes in a pastel floral print and nude and pink floral print to hit everyone on your shopping list. J.Crew has the cult-favorite classics worth buying. For pajamas, this set is a whopping $60 off and comes in colors for everyone. Not to mention, the trim is lovely. Stay on-trend and silky smooth with this satin set from Lulus. Available in six gorgeous colors, this one’s a winner for anyone on your shopping list — yourself included. Not to mention, it makes a great bridesmaid gift. Let’s talk tie-dye. For an unbeatable price and a hybrid of PJs and loungewear, this Amazon-offered set is one we’re dreaming about. Plus, it’s not a bad idea to add a pop of color to your nighttime routine. With a generous size range (4XL!), Underclub not only has a great intimates subscription model but is serving the daintiest sets designed for the girly girl. We can’t get over this vivid floral print with lace trim that’s less than $75. Keep things flattering and sexy with Adore Me’s wear-all-day Aliyah Slip. It comes in this stunning emerald green shade and blue. No matter what color you snag, we love the lace detailing on the bust and hem. How could you resist Beyond Yoga’s Featherweight Soft Slumber Midi Sleep Dress that just looks beyond cozy? Perfect for the warmer months when you want to be cozy, you (or mom) will adore this easy-to-slip-on sleep number. Not to mention, the brand is inclusive to plus sizing, offering a generous range of tops, bottoms and sets. Your sleep just became a little more boho and stylish with Free People’s Sun Glows Printed Sleep Pants. They’re the airy and light bottoms your wardrobe is missing and, truthfully, you’ll want to live in them far after your morning coffee. If you want a simplistic, cozier-than-ever set that’s bound to never go out of style, Lake Pajamas has you covered. Its DreamKnit Long-Short Pajama Set is exactly what it sounds like (plush as can be, that is) and we love the mariner blue color. This sweet springtime floral print is calling our name (and, we just love Madewell in general). Whether you’re shopping for mom or for yourself, this simple, dainty set is put together and primmed for the warmer temps. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.