It seems like everywhere you turn, people are getting engaged. After all, love is in the air, floating on the warm spring breeze. We can already hear the wedding bells in the not-so-distant future, and we couldn’t be more excited. Since planning a wedding can take many months, starting to piece together your bridal party — and, more importantly, their outfits — is top of the list for most brides. From traditional matching dresses and color gradient options to gathering a unique dress for each bridal bestie, we have a list of shops that carry them all, and in an array of prices and sizes, too. Floor-length gowns to short and flirty — see below for some of our favorite online bridesmaid dress retailers. Brides should also take note, as many of these retailers also carry dresses for the rehearsal, bridal shower, the actual wedding and even for wedding guests, so be sure to browse for every aspect of your big day. Birdy Grey really has thought of everything for your wedding. The dress shop is here to make it as easy as possible on the bride and her ladies in waiting, offering dresses for $99 and never any more. They also offer three free swatches of fabrics to help you mix and match dresses, free mood boards and extended returns in light of the pandemic. Shop by color, look at swatches and pick out dresses for all your bridesmaids, petite, curvy or even with a baby bump. If you already love shopping at Lulu’s, you’ll be thrilled to know they have an entire sister site dedicated to your special day. Check out their bridesmaid collection, full of dresses that fit every color scheme and budget. First check out the dresses, which can be sorted by color and price, many of which fall below the $100 mark. They also have a page for bridesmaid shoes, another important step in getting the bride walking down the aisle. Sophistication is Reformation’s middle name. The bridesmaid collection at Reformation is one to check out if your bride loves streamlined, simple yet elegant dresses. If you are opting for a matching dress for everyone or a matching color palette in different silhouettes, this is for you. Shop by color and see all the different styles in the same shade and fabrics. If you haven’t found your dream bridesmaids dresses yet, don’t feel blue. Kennedy Blue has a huge range of dresses for the occasion, helping the bride relax and the bridal party look amazing. The price range is pretty amazing as well, offering designer dresses from $99 to $149 in inclusive sizing from a 00 through a size 32 in most styles. They also offer three free swatches to help mix and match and a $10 try-on program to ensure there are no sizing mishaps the day of the wedding. No matter your wedding colors, we’re pretty confident that ColorsBridesmaid Dresses has your perfect shade in stock. Looking at the hundreds of colors they offer on the site, it’s a good bet that even if you chose a unique color scheme, they’ll have something to match. Browse by color, or by fit if you need to check out outfits for plus-sized bridesmaids. Then be sure to pick up some items for the groomsmen, as they offer menswear that will also match, with pocket squares, ties and vests. The shop may be called Mumu but these dresses are anything but shapeless. Show Me Your Mumu has a special shop just for brides and bridesmaids, making it so much fun to shop and style your entire bridal party. When you find dresses you like, add them to your Online Showroom page, where you can see how your girls will look all lined up. Shop by color to make matching even easier and maybe even take a peek for yourself, as they also have a bridal shop for your rehearsal, shower, honeymoon and the wedding itself. If you want to check out a department store for your bridal party, we recommend starting at Nordstrom for the best selection at some pretty great prices. The bridesmaid dresses section is packed full of different designers at different price points, sure to fit your budget and style. All dresses offer free delivery, making it that much easier to shop online. Use the side panel to sort by color, designer and even fabric type, or scroll through over 150 dresses and add your favorites to your cart. Mix-and-match dresses are super on-trend for 2021 weddings, and Dessy is here to make the matching process so much easier. Shop the Spring 2021 collection for the most up-to-date silhouettes in a variety of colors that make matching a breeze. If you already know your color scheme, shop by color. If you need some more inspiration first, check out the bestsellers or even by length if you want a shorter dress for your bridal party or more traditional long dresses. If Anthropologie is behind it, you know it will be ultra-feminine and stunning for your big day. BHLDN is Anthropologie’s curated bridal shop, offering dresses for not only your bridesmaids but also the flower girls, mother of the bride and groom and even formal dresses for the guests. For bridesmaids, shop by fabric from velvet to chiffon, or take a look at the mix-and-match collections that do all the hard work for you and present colors with a variety of options. We want bridesmaid dresses and accessories, pretty please with plum sugar on top. Plum Pretty Sugar is a bridesmaid’s best friend, as it caters to your dress needs as well as offering robes and pajama sets for the morning of to get ready in or the bridal shower or bachelorette party. Head over to the bridesmaid page of the site to shop for all of the above, or narrow your search and shop for dresses by color or style. For the bride on a budget but who doens’t want to compromise style, Dorris has some ideas for you. Dorris Wedding offers a variety of special occasion dresses including bridesmaid, bridal party and even wedding dresses for the most special day of all. Love knows no labels… except ASTR The Label of course. This is a top brand for all things wedding, with a dedicated section for bridesmaids to shop. Browse by color to make sure you all match, or take a look by style, sleeves, length and more. If you’ve been dreaming of being an etherial bridesmaid, here is your chance. Shop at Baltic Born for an array of flowing dresses in all shapes and sizes sure to make any bride and her crew happy. They offer options for little bridesmaids, or for your flower girls, too. Celebrate the big day with pomp at Petal and Pup. The Australian brand has its own section just for bridesmaids, helping you choose the perfect set of dresses for your bridal party. Many of the cuts come in an array of colors to choose from, letting you mix and match styles or shop for the same one in a variety of hues. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post shopping section.