The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy gives his top 10 safeties in this year’s NFL draft, based on evaluations and conversations with people around the league: If you believe in “generational” prospects, Hamilton is one. Could be first safety drafted in top four picks since 1991. Height, length and range combination feels like he covers whole field. Slow 40-yard dash (4.56 seconds) is only knock. Can cover in the slot or patrol center field. If he’s in the slot, watch out for the blitz. If he’s deep, watch the closing speed with the jarring hit to knock the ball loose. Downhill safety who packs better-than-expected punch at his size and can be an eighth defender in the box. Played in all 39 games in last three seasons. Could get exposed by receiving tight ends. Former starting linebacker who became a big slot back. Nose for the ball seen in three sacks, three fumble recoveries, three forced fumbles and two interceptions last season. Played all special teams units as a senior. Took long road filled with hard work after transferring from Howard, sitting out a season and shifting from cornerback. Surefire tackler who leads with his shoulder, which, not coincidentally, needed offseason surgery. Former No. 1-ranked JUCO recruit nearly entered 2021 draft but benefited greatly from a return to school. Two-year starter in Big Ten who will shed blocks but is limited, because of coverage deficiencies, to strong safety. Cross giveth, Cross taketh away. Plays an aggressive style that helps create takeaways but is susceptible to letting the ball get behind him. Always looking for a big hit, sometimes forgetting to wrap. Knows how to read a quarterback’s eyes: Led Pac-12 in interceptions twice, including last season (six) as tops in FBS. Will become a young leader as long as his play earns teammates’ respect. Good instincts produced nine interceptions (and 22.3 yards per return) over the past two seasons (plus another in the Senior Bowl). Not many safeties run a 4.36-second 40-yard dash, so no problem with hybrid tight ends. Couldn’t crack the defensive lineup for two years before trying receiver and then having five interceptions as a single-high safety in 2021. Wealth of special teams experience, including as a punt gunner. Hill: Looked like a one-safety first round until the pre-draft process. More and more teams are using nickel personnel as base defense and Hill covers like a cornerback. Could sneak into top 20 picks. Smoke Monday, Auburn, 6-2, 199 pounds: Great name that fits a high-intensity player who flies around the field. Can’t hide some of the inconsistencies he showed as a two-year starter. What’s his best NFL position? No one knows. Percy Butler, Louisiana-Lafayette 6-0, 192 pounds: Covers a lot of ground with his track speed. No wonder he is a core special teamer, including a punt gunner. Rarely out of position but sometimes absorbs more of the hit than he delivers.