Joe Rogan took aim at Stephen Colbert during an episode of his Spotify podcast on Wednesday, calling the CBS late-night star “weird” and criticizing his chumminess with top Democratic Party officials. During an interview with MMA fighter Jake Shields, Rogan also criticized Colbert for a skit on his CBS show that featured dancers dressed as syringes who did a number to promote the COVID-19 vaccine. Colbert, according to Shields, is “cringe.” Rogan agreed, commenting: “He’s weird, right!” Shields then mentioned a June 2021 skit on Colbert’s “Late Show” featuring “The Vax-Scene,” a dance troupe dressed as vaccine syringes. “The vax thing, you’re like oh my God this is so hard to watch!” Shields said. “The vaccine songs! That was strange,” Rogan said in response. “I wanna be in the meeting where they pitch that. Like here’s the thing ‘We’re gonna go da — da — da — dada — da vaccines!’ Like where’s the joke? Where’s the joke? Are people going to watch this?” When Shields wondered if Colbert is “happy” or whether it’s “just like the money,” Rogan said: “I bet it’s, for sure, very lucrative, he gets a lot of money.” Rogan added: “I bet he enjoys being the star of a show, he enjoys being on the in — on the in-crowd.” The podcaster then mentioned a viral video showing Colbert and US Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) dancing and high-fiving during a charity concert last summer. “There’s this video of Colbert dancing with Chuck Schumer and they high-five each other,” Rogan said. “It’s so strange.” He added: “They’re high-fiving and Schumer is dancing outside with a mask on.” “Like this is going to go down in history, like this time — this is like a mass psychosis,” Rogan said. The conversation between Shields and Rogan initially turned to Colbert when the podcaster said that “if I had been born in any other era, all of my jobs except being a stand-up comedian would be non-existent.” “You would probably be doing like a late-night talk show,” Shields observed. “Think how terrible that would be.” To which Rogan replied: “They would never give me one. I guarantee you they’d never give me one.” “Or you’d have to be like Stephen Colbert,” Shields said, adding that it was “sad” to see what has become of the former Comedy Central star. Colbert has made no secret of his pro-Democrat leanings. Last month, he criticized his bosses at CBS for hiring a former Trump administration official, Mick Mulvaney, as an on-air commentator.