A lawyer for “My Unorthodox Life” star Julia Haart called estranged husband Silvio Scaglia “a batterer with money to burn” – as Scaglia’s lawyer called her abuse allegations a “sham,” during a Friday court hearing in their bitter split. Haart, 50 – a former member of the Orthodox Jewish community – filed for divorce from Scaglia in February after he canned her as CEO from his company Elite World Group. The Netflix personality then secured a temporary order of protection in family court against Scaglia – which her lawyer Danielle Petitti argued during a Manhattan Supreme Court video hearing Friday should be made permanent. Petitti accused Scaglia – an Italian billionaire – of harassing and threatening her client by hiring a public relations rep for $50,000 a month to wage a media war against her and a high-profile criminal defense attorney to “convince” prosecutors to bring criminal charges against her. “This is the behavior of a batterer with money to burn,” Petitti said. Petitti summarized testimony from Haart in the ongoing trial about a series of incidents when Scaglia allegedly berated and yelled at Haart – including one alleged January 2021 fight that culminated in Haart crying naked on the bathroom floor. “All of the evidence shows a pattern of domestic violence and a pattern of control,” Petitti said. Scaglia’s behavior “caused her to experience symptoms akin to a panic attack … caused it to be hard for the [Haart] – who both parties concede is very thin – to eat,” Petitti claimed. “This stress caused her to lose her appetite and also exasperated her insomnia.” But Scaglia’s lawyer Robert Wallack accused Haart of making up the abuse allegations claiming she has no proof for any of them. Wallack said the false claims are an attempt to get back at Scaglia for firing Haart and to help her secure an order of protection against Scaglia so he couldn’t come back into their 10,000-square-foot downtown Manhattan triplex penthouse located at 70 Vestry Street. “She is not a victim of abuse and she is not a victim of domestic violence,” Wallack said. “This whole family offense proceeding has been a sham,” Wallack argued. “It’s a pretense for her to get exclusive use of 70 Vestry.” “There is zero corroborating proof that any of [Haart’s] allegations ever happened,” Wallack charged. Justice Douglas Hoffman said he would issue a written decision at a later date.