A model with the “biggest cheeks in the world” has unveiled her latest cosmetic implants which have left fans stunned. Anastasia Pokreshchuk showed off her new look on social media after claiming that she’s pumped her face with even more filler. The 33-year-old from Kyiv, Ukraine, used to have a slender face and curly hair in her 20s before she spent an initial £1,500 on fillers. And due to countless filler injections, she has been left with extremely protruding cheeks. But, in a bid to maintain her title for having the world’s biggest, the model has now taken her look to the next level as she shared her latest procedure with followers on Instagram. Video showed her recording herself as the anesthetist injects the liquid into her lower jaw – just below her chiseled cheekbones – as she winces in pain. Leaving the beautician’s office, Anastasia then walks through the mall proudly showing off her new, defined look. The model previously described how she started having beauty and surgical procedures done on her face and body when she was 26. And aside from her obsession with big cheeks, she also has veneers, breast implants and has had Botox injected into her forehead. After injecting herself with cheek fillers Anastasia previously said how she “fell in love” with the way they made her look. “I love them, I want them to look like this and I’m very happy. I regularly inject other parts of my face myself,” she said. “I understand that they look weird for other people but I don’t mind.” She said she has received hateful messages on social media. She said: “I’ve had people tell me I am an ugly b***h and that I should kill myself but when I see it I just laugh it off and ignore it.” In 2020, Ansatia appeared on This Morning telling Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield that she wouldn’t stop injecting herself despite warnings from a despairing doctor. Schofield called her a “striking vision” before asking Anastasia why she decided to enhance her face. She proudly said: “I love this look.” “I was like a grey mouse. My nose was too big. And now I have big cheeks and big lips it looks OK.” The conversation turned to the dangers of self-injecting but Anastasiia didn’t seem fazed. “It can be dangerous but I do it with doctors and now I’m learning cosmetology in an online school,” she said. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.