How’s making a run at history for a first impression? Citi Field has seen plenty of Max Scherzer, but for the first time on Tuesday night, he took the mound there as a Met. The right-hander didn’t take long to get the crowd of 27,490 hanging on his every pitch. Scherzer flirted with throwing a no-hitter, recording two outs in the sixth inning before giving up his first and only hit of the game, and struck out 10 over seven innings to lead the Mets to a 3-1 win over the Giants on a cold night in Queens. It completed a doubleheader sweep after Francisco Lindor secured his first walk-off as a Met for a 5-4 win in Game 1, improving Buck Showalter’s club to 9-3 with a strong start to a four-game series against the reigning NL West champs. “Wild one tonight,” said Scherzer, who said his stuff felt worse than usual because of an inability to grip the ball in the cold. “Just the conditions we were playing in, the fans out here loving it and providing a good atmosphere for us to play in. For our team to go out there and respond, scratching runs across against [Giants starter Logan] Webb, provided me some breathing room to continue to operate.” Scherzer, who has already thrown two no-hitters in his storied career, lost his bid for a third on his 92nd pitch of the night Tuesday. With the crowd pulling for every strike, Darin Ruf roped a 1-1 changeup to left field for a single, and because Scherzer had already walked two in the inning, it drove in a run to cut the Mets’ lead to 3-1. But that was the only blemish on Scherzer’s home debut as he improved to 3-0 and lowered his ERA to 2.50. The only other baserunner he allowed Tuesday was a walk to No. 9 hitter Curt Casali with two outs in the third inning. “I was thinking about [a no-hitter] from the first pitch of the game,” Lindor said. “I wanted him to do it.” The high strikeout and walk totals took a toll on Scherzer’s pitch count, but Ruf’s hit in the sixth took a tough decision out of Buck Showalter’s hands. The manager said Scherzer was working with a pitch count of about 110 after he had thrown 96 pitches in his last start, making it unlikely he would have gotten a chance to finish it off had he kept the no-hitter alive. “My rule of thumb is when you get one time through the order, you got something going,” said Scherzer, who credited catcher Tomas Nido with calling a good game. “You get two times through the order, you got a shot.” Lindor, meanwhile, picked up where he left off in Game 1. He went 4-for-9 in the doubleheader, including a double in the third inning of Game 2 to spark a three-run rally that was capped off by a two-run double from Eduardo Escobar and an RBI single from Dominic Smith. In the first game of the twin bill, Lindor keyed a three-run rally in the fifth inning with an RBI hustle double that tied the game at four. Then in the bottom of the 10th, he lined a single to center field, scoring automatic-runner Brandon Nimmo from third base for the walk-off win. “[Lindor] seems to be [dialing] up what we need about every time,” Showalter said. Lindor did add some drama to the game in the top of the 10th inning. With runners on the corners and two outs, Adam Ottavino appeared to induce the third out with a sharp ground ball to shortstop. But Lindor’s off-target throw forced first baseman Pete Alonso to make a big stretch, which umpire Sean Barber said pulled Alonso’s foot off the bag, seemingly giving the Giants (7-4) the one-run lead. But Showalter challenged the call — first figuring he had nothing to lose before replay analyst Harrison Friedland told him they had a case — and it was eventually overturned for the third out, the Mets’ second replay win of the game. Then Scherzer took over in the nightcap, knowing the bullpen was short from Game 1. “It’s hard to maintain that sense of urgency and intensity in [19] innings, especially in those conditions,” Showalter said. “But Max was a pickup for us.”