Former President Donald Trump says Prince Harry is “an embarrassment” for turning his back on Buckingham Palace — and predicted the runaway royal’s controversial marriage to Meghan Markle will have a “bad” ending. Trump, speaking on “Piers Morgan Uncensored” in an interview airing Monday night, maintained that Harry “is being led around by his nose” by his ex-actress wife. “Harry is whipped. Do you know the expression?” Trump asked Morgan during the sit-down. “I’m familiar with the phrase,” Morgan answered. “I won’t use the full expression but Harry is whipped like no other person I think I’ve seen,” the former president said. Morgan famously walked off the set of “Good Morning Britain” last year while refusing to apologize to Harry and Meghan for repeatedly trashing the couple. Trump told the TV host he sees eye to eye with him on the disloyal royals, who now live in California. “I’m not a fan of Meghan,” he said. “I’m not a fan and I wasn’t right from the beginning. I think poor Harry is being led around by his nose. And I think he’s an embarrassment. And I think she spoke badly of the royal family but in particular the Queen.” Trump, who met the Queen when he was in the White House, said the two got along “famously.” “She liked me and I liked her,” he recalled. Harry and Meghan — officially the Duke and Duchess of Sussex — married in 2018 but later soured on life as a royal. During an interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, the couple spoke of the stifling environment at the palace and about hits of racism targeting the duchess, who also said it drove her to contemplate suicide while pregnant. Trump told Morgan that he thinks the pair should now be stripped of their royal titles. “I would,” he said. “The only thing I disagree with the Queen on probably one of the only things ever is that I think she would have said, ‘If that’s your choice, fine. But you now longer have titles.’ You know? “‘I think that he has been so disrespectful to the country, and it’s a great country,” Trump continued, referring to Harry. “I own a lot of things there….” The former president added that he believes the stress of the couple’s exile will ultimately tear the couple apart, with Harry eventually tiring of being henpecked. “So, I want to know what’s going to happen when Harry decides he’s had enough of being bossed around,” he said. “Or maybe when she decides that she likes some other guy better. I want to know what’s going to happen when it ends, OK?” Asked Morgan, “You think it’s gonna end?” “I do,” Trump answered. “I’ve been a very good predictor, as you know. I predicted almost everything. It’ll end and it’ll end bad. “And I wonder if Harry’s gonna go back on his hands and knees, back into the beautiful city of London and say, ‘Please.’ You know, I think Harry has been led down a path.” Teased clips of Morgan’s wide-ranging interview with Trump show the 45th president storming off set when the journalist grilled him on his claims that he lost the 2020 election due to voter fraud. Trump continues to insist that the election was rigged and that he rightly won, despite having no evidence. Morgan’s new show, “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” launches Monday. The program will air every weeknight on networks across the globe, including Fox Nation, Talk TV in the United Kingdom, and on Sky News Australia in that country.