NASCAR driver Hailie Deegan skipped last week’s Freedom 500 event in Bradenton, Fla., after she, along with boyfriend Chase Cabre, allegedly received several death threats from a person that lives close to the couple’s North Carolina home. Deegan and Cabre elaborated on the ordeal Monday in a 15-minute YouTube video, explaining how they called the police about an apparent “stalker” that reached out to her racing company. “There was an eight-page, hand-written letter sent to David Gilliland Racing, which is the team I race for in the truck series, stating that he was dating me, in a relationship with me for multiple months. That he was in love with me, infatuated with me, that I was his soul mate and it kind of scared me a little bit, because I’ve dealt with stalker situations before,” Deegan said. “I ended up going home that day, looked up the guy’s name on the note, and figured out that he was getting catfished by a fake Hailie Deegan account.” Deegan claimed the person running the account was sharing false information, notably that her relationship with Cabre is fake and business-related, and that she was being abused and held hostage by Cabre. “Obviously none of that is true,” Deegan said, adding that the couple has been dealing with the situation for months. “But it makes them feel a lot of anger toward Chase. Then this guy gets wrapped up in this whole deal believing Chase beats me. I wouldn’t really be worried about this if the fact wasn’t that this guy lives near my race shop, where I live, my home and it makes me uncomfortable. It makes me scared.” Deegan said she had monitored the posts, but never took action until the man allegedly began “posting stuff saying that he’s practically going to come and kill Chase.” “His exact words were words were, not that he’s going to kill Chase, but that he’s going to come, and he is going to be the last thing Chase ever sees.” The video then played audio, which Deegan claimed was sent to the couple by the individual in question, whom they identified as a “36-year-old guy with a past criminal record.” Cabre then claimed he received threatening messages from the man while making dinner one night. The couple showed alleged screengrabs of messages from the man, which included a photo of a firearm in someone’s hand. Deegan and Cabre said that’s when they called the authorities, who came to their home and filled out a police report. The couple said police stayed outside their home and checked on them throughout the night. Catfishing, simply put, is a deceptive activity where a person creates a fictional personal or fake identity of a person on a social networking service. Deegan and Cabre said they’ve been watching their security camera footage on their television for about two weeks. “I’m so over it and these messages have gotten progressively worse,” Deegan said. “When you get tagged in pictures of guns and knives, literally by the hour. This guy is very persistent on social media… probably 100 times a day.” Deegan claimed a prior boss of the man had reached out to one of Cabre’s family members to “warn him of the situation because at work he was always talking about how he was going to kill Chase and how much he hates Chase.” Last week, Deegan took to social media to reveal that she was “super sad” over missing the Freedom 500, but “I got to deal with something on the personal, safety side that me and Chase need to get handled.”