Done with the preamble. On to the play-in. The Nets’ regular-season finale went like the entire campaign that preceded it: tougher than it needed to be. But in the end, Brooklyn got the job done, a 134-126 win over Indiana before a sellout crowd of 17,967 at Barclays Center. The win locked down seventh in the Eastern Conference, and finally some clarity. After closing with four straight victories — and 12 in their last 17 — the Nets climbed from 10th place a week earlier to seventh. They’ll host No. 8 Cleveland in Tuesday’s play-in (7 p.m., TNT), enjoying the safety net of double-elimination and needing just one win to clinch a playoff berth. “Let’s get it on,” said Kyrie Irving, who poured in a game-high 35 points with seven rebounds and five assists. Kevin Durant worked through constant double-teams and an off 5-for-17 shooting night to post his career-high fourth triple-double. He facilitated with 20 points, a career-high 16 assists and 10 boards. “PG from PG County, man,” Irving said. “He didn’t shoot as well as he wanted, but when you have 16 assists and 10 rebounds, he had another triple-double. It just shows you how special he is.” Brooklyn’s stars have led them to a strong finish. A win Tuesday seals a first-round date versus the still-undecided No. 2 seed, with a loss giving them a mulligan and a shot at the winner of the 9-vs.-10 Hawks-Hornets tilt to get the eighth seed. “It’s great because they got it done. We got up to seventh, we were in 10th a week ago. We’ve had to weather a lot for guys to get here and earn the opportunity to play for seventh was a testament to their resolve,” Steve Nash said. “Getting the job done regardless of how, that’s all that matters.” While Irving’s trainer, Devin Williams, suggested the Bucks were ducking the Nets (Milwaukee sat Giannis Antetokounmpo, Khris Middleton and essentially Jrue Holiday, losing to Cleveland), Brooklyn looked motivated and incentivized. The Nets got a balanced and complete offensive effort, shooting 64.2 percent, with Bruce Brown scoring 21 and Andre Drummond adding 20 and 13 boards. The Nets led by as much as 18. And after squandering that cushion and letting Terry Taylor knot it at 91-all, Brooklyn ran off seven unanswered, sparked by Durant, to put the game away late in the third. “We’ve had a lot of different changes and things happening to us since the trade,” Drummond said. “We all had one goal in mind and we saw it through.” Brooklyn jumped ahead 8-0 right out of the gate and never trailed. The Nets led 41-29 after a torrid first quarter, and a Cam Thomas pull-up 3 made it 47-29 early in the second. They led by 16 at the break. The Nets didn’t hold that momentum, watching Indiana open up on a 17-2 run, with a 3 by Oshae Brissett (28 points) capping the blitz and cutting it to 78-77. Taylor’s finger roll knotted it at 91-all with 3:44 in the third. But Irving responded with a 3 that sparked that game-clinching 7-0 run. Durant hit a midrange pull-up off an assist by Nic Claxton, then returned the favor when he found the center for an alley oop that pushed the lead to seven. Brooklyn led by nine going into the fourth and held the Pacers at bay. It’s in keeping with their up and down season. “I haven’t had the last three seasons I’ve wanted, from the [COVID] bubble to getting injured in the second round, and then this year,” said Irving, who had shoulder and knee injuries in 2019-20 and a sprained ankle in last year’s playoffs. “I always say no regrets, and let the past be where it’s at, move forward with a clean focus.” Durant said those travails will just make them tougher. “We stuck together through tough times and we’re here with an opportunity to go compete for a championship. That’s where you want to be this time of year,” Durant said. “All that stuff is going to build character … In the moment, it sucks going through some of that stuff and you look back on it, it definitely made us better.”