Disney World wasn’t the happiest place on Earth for one jilted ex-wife. For Natalie, now a single mom of two, the Disney Kingdom may have lost a bit of its magic after she discovered that her husband was cheating with one of their family’s two au pairs thanks to a telltale souvenir snapshot. The “slut” nanny has since filed a restraining order against her livid former employer. Natalie’s wayward ex-hubby, however, has been “lovely and remorseful” since the break-up, she claimed. “We went to Disneyland [sic] in Orlando and took the nanny with us to help with the kids … Not the husband,” Natalie, 33, penned as the caption of her trending TikTok testimonial. “I was going through old photos and came across more than one where they were a little too close,” she added. In the incriminating clip, which has scored over 1.4 million views, the betrayed bombshell shares a picture of her former spouse and their unnamed nanny snuggling one another on the theme park’s legendary Splash Mountain water ride while she and her daughter are seated just one row ahead of them. Natalie, who concealed her last name on social media, chose to cover the cheaters’  faces with large beige circles in order to protect their identities. She did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment. But the scorned spouse, who ultimately divorced the adulterous dog, shared a follow-up video, explaining that the “slut” babysitter has since moved into her family home, filed a police report against her and has recently given birth to her ex-husband’s baby. “My ex-husband has actually been quite lovely and remorseful, and just sweet considering the situation,” Natalie confessed in a post shared Friday, in which she explains why her viral vitriol is focused on the babysitter. “Where as she, the nanny, had been quite the opposite.” Natalie claims that the woman regularly sends her vile messages, and has banned her from going to her old house to pick up her children or any personal belongings. “She actually filed a police report against me at the beginning of all of this, because when I found out [about their affair] I went ape s – – t. I lost myself, completely,” Natalie said. “I got a phone call from the police saying, ‘Apparently, you were calling her a slut and hurling abuse at her,’” she said. “And I was like, ‘Yep! I did that. Not going to deny it, because she is a slut.’” Luckily, Natalie claims that she was ultimately able to convince the governess-turned-groom-stealer to drop the charges. And she admittedly wishes that her ex and the nanny would have been honest about their affinities for one another, rather than leaving her in the dark about their affair. “At the end of the day, if they really love each other — they just had a baby together — then, who am I to stop them from being together?” Natalie said. “The way that it was handled was just so wrong, and her attitude towards me is just so wrong.” “How can she possibly be that horrible towards me?,” she questioned, assuring, however,  that she is not “playing victim” for social media sympathy. “I just wanted to explain why my videos are more angled towards her and not him.” And Natalie’s more than 13,000 cyber supporters showered her with comfort and encouragement in the comments section. “His ‘remorse’ is nothing but saving face. I hope they will be miserable for each other n experience the betrayal worst way. Can’t wait to see u shine,” wrote an online ally. “#1-you are the victim. #2-remorseful ex likely has realized grass not greener. #3-she sounds like garbage,” penned another. “They both betrayed you & you’re entitled to drag her if you want. She is not innocent-my guess is that you had a lifestyle she wanted & did whatever it took to get it.” In a separate video, Natalie revealed that she is now living sober — after copping to downing multiple bottles of wine, on a daily basis, to cope with the pangs of her divorce — and has recently secured a new job.