Public Advocate Jumaane Williams, the city’s second-highest ranking official, has gotten a six-month extension from federal authorities on filing his tax returns — and won’t say when he’ll make them public before the Democratic primary as he challenges Gov. Kathy Hochul. Williams disclosed his extension in responses to questions just days after Mayor Eric Adams revealed that he, too, had requested and received a reprieve on finalizing his taxes until October. The disclosures come as Adams encounters growing criticism over his refusal to commit to releasing his returns at all, most recently during an interview that aired on “60 Minutes” Sunday. Unlike Adams, Williams did promise The Post in a statement that he would release his returns — eventually. “The public advocate received a standard extension on his tax returns this year,” said spokesman Kevin Fagan. “He’s completing that return as soon as possible and will release it as soon as it’s been filed in the coming weeks.” In a separate statement, Williams’ campaign said the returns would be made available before the June 28 primary, but did not respond to inquiries requesting an actual deadline. Williams’ finances came under scrutiny in 2018 when he was a city councilman running for lieutenant governor after his returns revealed that he had written off $8,000 in “grooming and maintenance” expenses over five years. Adams once again promised only to release “tax information” when he was interviewed by “60 Minutes” correspondent Anderson Cooper, while denying he was “reluctant” to release the records. The mayor also reiterated his argument during the sit down that city regulations do not explicitly require the release of the records. But providing the records is a well-established precedent as former mayors Ed Koch, David Dinkins, Rudy Giuliani, Michael Bloomberg and Bill de Blasio all released partial or complete copies of their returns. Good government groups have been fiercely critical of Adams’ stance. The Post quizzed all of the citywide officials over their returns in recent days as criticism mounts of Mayor Adams for refusing to commit to releasing his tax returns — and only half would commit to releasing their returns or provided copies. Council Speaker Adrienne Adams (D-Queens) issued a statement that said she was considering releasing her tax records, but like the mayor argued that she was sufficiently transparent thanks to the disclosures required by the city’s Conflicts of Interest Board. “The Speaker fully complies with the annual financial disclosure reporting requirements mandated for every elected official in the City by the Charter and City’s Conflicts of Interest Rules,” said a spokesman. “These disclosure requirements go well beyond those required at the state or federal level, and are made available to the public by COIB. She is considering any additional disclosure that exceeds what is required,” he added. The COIB filings often provide less detailed information than tax returns. Additionally, records show that Adams’ two predecessors as the Speaker — Melissa Mark-Viverito and Corey Johnson — provided their filings, records show. However, City Comptroller Brad Lander’s office did release his returns. They revealed that he and his wife paid $90,125 — a rate of 28.5% — in federal, state and local income taxes on $316,687 in taxable income. The pair recorded bringing in $356,063, including $6,219 from the sale of a generic stock market index fund. But they reduced their taxable earnings by netting $39,000 in deductions, thanks in large part to a $18,985 write-off for their mortgage payments, $10,391 for charity donations and another $10,000 for their state and local income tax bills. The 17-page return also showed Lander made $18,900 by renting out the upstairs apartment in his two-unit South Slope row house, which he was able to write off entirely by reporting $25,000 in expenses — including $12,749 in depression — on the unit.