What a s–t show. Amid skyrocketing rents, a surge in crime and rising rates of homelessness, fed-up New Yorkers are now also facing a pileup of poop. The number of complaints about dog feces festering on city sidewalks has been soaring in recent weeks, especially on Manhattan’s West Side. The Big Apple’s sanitation police are now trying to cut the crap — launching a blitz to catch dog owners and walkers as they flee from the doo-doo. “Keeping New York City clean is a ruff job, and any dog owner who thinks they can ignore their responsibilities is barking up the wrong tree,” Jessica S. Tisch, commissioner of the Department of Sanitation, told The Post in a statement on Tuesday. Tisch vowed that her team of cops would slap negligent owners with a $250 fine. “Our enforcement agents may not collar people over this, but they won’t just roll over, either – they will write tickets,” she declared. The poop plague is particularly pronounced in the swanky neighborhoods of Chelsea, Hell’s Kitchen and Greenwich Village, where some well-heeled residents wouldn’t dare demean themselves by picking up their pup’s poop. One irate resident told NBC 4 that she is taking matters into her own (gloved) hands. “I go out behind my building and it’s full of dog bombs,” Manhattanite Pam Story barked. “I just pick them up because I can’t take it, and I see the little kids stepping in it.” Late last week, Council Member Erik Bottcher — who represents all three of the impacted neighborhoods — unveiled a campaign called There Is No Poop Fairy, imploring owners to respect their neighbors by disposing of their dog’s droppings. “Your dog’s mess is not going to magically disappear. Please pick up after your dog! It’s the right thing to do,” Bottcher tweeted alongside a magic wand emoji. The campaign is now appearing on digital billboards to coincide with the DSNY Enforcement Unit’s crackdown. Dog walkers, in addition to dog owners, may be responsible for the increase in dropped droppings, according to the NBC report. Many residents on the West Side have their dogs walked by professionals — some of whom may not be bothered to pick up pup poop as they wrangle a half-dozen dogs. Professional dog walker Anthony Ellison — who said he always disposes of droppings — told NBC 4 he’s hopeful the new campaign will help clear up the city’s sidewalks. “I think they need to enforce the laws because we need more people to be more responsible for their dogs,” Ellison declared. “If they can’t be responsible for their dogs and pick up after them, then they shouldn’t have their dogs.”