From writing news reports to rating penises — this journalist-turned-OnlyFans model is making a fortune by getting freaky with married men. Stripper and cybersex superstar Leanne Carr, better known as Leanne London to her 1,900 OnlyFans subscribers, swapped out her meager writer’s salary for a staggering $148,000 in annual income by tempting sexually dissatisfied husbands online. “Is your wife boring you? Does your girlfriend nag you all the time? Come and escape the boredom with me,” teases Carr, 33, in her OnlyFans bio. The enticing invitation is inked just below several saucy snapshots of the social media siren, from Lincolnshire, London, in lacy lingerie and leather thigh-high boots. “It’s like having your very own naughty online girlfriend, at your fingertips 24/7,” Carr continued in her bawdy bid, adding that she regales her frisky followers with exclusive “XXX pictures and videos” that are “too naughty for anywhere else.” But before becoming a virtual vixen, Carr dreamed of entertaining the masses as a professional actress. However, after realizing there’s “a million other pretty brunettes chasing the same dream,” the mahogany-headed doll took up journalism at 27, she told YorkshireLive. And when writing for major outlets like “Woman & Home,” “Now Magazine” and “Women’s Health” lost its luster, Carr began putting her more tawdry talents to work. “After deciding the rat race wasn’t for me, I took the plunge to incorporate my performance skills and writing skills to go into content creation, blogging and live streaming,” she explained to Yorkshire. Now, she spends the majority of her waking hours creating steamy “fetish, domination and kink-friendly” digital content that makes men “worship” her for a subscription fee of $5 a month. And when she’s not posing for spicy pics, drafting sultry sex-text messages or providing “d – – k rates,” Carr lasciviously delights OnlyFans buffs with live webcam chats at a cost of up to $5 a minute. “It’s similar to live streaming on TikTok. But fans will pay to chat in a private room — a little bit like a virtual date,” she explained. “Nothing is off-limits, so you can explore all your deepest, darkest fantasies with me, show me how naughty you like to be, or just have a chat about the weather,” the coquette continued. “Whatever tickles your fancy.” She also keeps her over 163,000 TikTok followers tickled with humorous, albeit titillating posts. “Building a TikTok following actually takes a lot of time and effort — posting up to five times a day,” confessed Carr. “It’s taken about a year to get where I’m at now.” And in exchange for her steady stream of cheeky clips, Carr’s social media subscribers are able to “treat” her to funds for goodies on her Amazon Wishlist. But the popular pinup’s platform isn’t all about indulgent debauchery. For her birthday this month, Carr plans to take it all off for charity — it all, meaning her hair. “For my birthday in April, I’m shaving my head to raise funds for Mind and Stroke Association,” Carr said. She’s even titled her forthcoming philanthropy fete “Leanne’s Birthday Buzzcut.” “I will also be donating my hair to Little Princess Trust — a charity that makes wigs for children with cancer, and other illnesses,” she added. “Hopefully I’ll be able to make a difference, even if it’s just a little bit.”