Wednesday, my phone rings. A voice says: “Hi. It’s Barry Manilow.” Barry Manilow on my phone when I’m sitting in my kitchen inhaling a tuna salad sandwich on raisin bread with mayo? Second voice: “This is Bruce Sussman. I actually had dinner next to you recently in Fresco.” So what? So have 90 other overeaters I don’t know. Who are you? That voice says, “Barry and I, lifetime friends, we created the new musical ‘Harmony.’ Just opened at National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene.” A bell rang. It’s a project I’ve written about and known about forever. Barry: “This story we’ve worked on for 100 years is about six young talented guys in 1920s Germany. Great harmonies, old-fashioned Marx Brothers type humor. But beneath the vaudeville razzmatazz is a tragic story. Nobody remembers them. Back then nobody ever heard of anyone. Finally, Bruce and I are at the finish line with this musical about them. It’s ‘Harmony.’  ” Bruce: “Years back, I saw an old dusty subtitled reel about them and was so excited seeing their story that — this is long before we had cellphones — I quick found a pay phone downtown on Lafayette Street, called Barry and said, ‘Listen, we have to do this.’ ” Barry: “Here’s something you won’t believe. The lead character, then in his 90s, lived — if you can believe this — right near me in Palm Springs. Who knew? I walked my dog directly in front of his house never knowing. Here I am writing a show about this man who lived exactly three blocks from me and who knew it. I’m spending years creating songs about this aged character I didn’t even know and never met. When I finally met him and stepped into his house I burst into tears. He’s gone now. He was 98.” Part Two of the story. En-route to Wednesday’s opening Barry Manilow was diagnosed with COVID. Couldn’t go to the theater, backstage or the party. He said: “After working on this show for years and years, this is the most cruel thing that could ever happen to me.” TODAY everybody, even a nobody, is a busybody. Enough with designer labels. Soon comes Calvin Klein nasal spray, maybe Saint Laurent arch supports, let’s look for Kardashian-designed aspirin, and after Ye does custom earrings, what next — Ex-Lax by Gucci? Signs you might be at a Republican seder: 1. Refuse to answer the four questions without a subpoena. 2. Demand a recount of the 10 plagues. 3. No minimum wage increase because buying a goat now is very cheap. 4. The afikomen is hidden in the Cayman Islands. 5. No open door for Elijah until they see his immigration papers. 6. They attack Moses for negotiating with Pharaoh, because we don’t negotiate with our enemies. 7. Don’t understand why Egyptians didn’t cure the plagues with hydroxychloroquine. 8. They omit Haggadah parts about slavery which remind them of Critical Race Theory. 9. Gefilte fish is replaced by tomato aspic. 10. The seder ends by singing “Next year in Mar-a-Lago.” LAW prof: A trial for misfits Johnny Depp and the ex? Just to nail one another? It’s filing fees, minimal costs, security, a judge, official personnel, jury, per diem fees, court reporter costs taxpayers about $50,000 a day. We the public are underwriting Johnny and Amber’s little pissing match. DRUNKS on railroad track: One: “Too many steps.” Pal: “Forget the steps. The low railing bothers me.” Only at NY’s Penn Station, kids, only at NY’s Penn Station.