The time has come folks. Employees everywhere are leaving their beloved loungewear behind and will soon find themselves under fluorescent lighting and working at a run-of-the-mill desk. While we may rather our cozy blankets and consistent snack breaks, at least we now get to enjoy gorgeous office dresses, work totes and comfy heels. But before you ditch your furry friend (I know, we are sad too) and head back to the office, you’re going to want to opt for a do-it-all lunch box. Below, we listed the best lunch boxes for adults in 2022. Options include bento lunch boxes, insulated lunch boxes and more. Available in four various colors, this insulated lunch box is made with a water-resistant exterior and a rock-solid form, so you don’t have to worry about your lunch getting crushed and smashed. Cold-cell foam is also included to keep your food at just the right temperature. Check out our review on which YETI items we think are worth it, too! Complete your YETI lunch lineup with the Thin Ice ice pack ($18) and Molle Zinger multitool ($30). Choose from eight different colors, and enjoy a BPA-free and microwaveable-safe stackable lunch box. Further details include three portioned compartments, eco-friendly material and nesting containers for space-saving goodness. For bento lunch box options for kids, click here. Keep your food cold with the help of this insulated lunch box. With interior zippered mesh and pockets, you can also successfully store all of your utensils and small snacks. This is hands down one fo the best lunch boxes for men as well. Toss in your food, drinks and snacks, and prepare to look good while doing it. Simply toss the bag over your shoulder and call it a day! With high quality material and a diverse range of prints and colors, you’re guaranteed to find your perfect lunch match. Further details include a padded handle, a durable zipper and a waterproof build. For a classic option, opt for this Modern Picnic luncher. With a thin crossbody strap and an embossed design, you’ll dress up your lunch game with ease. Who doesn’t want a machine washable lunch box? It’s made with quilted cotton, features a lined interior slip pocket for ice packs and includes an ID window to properly display your name. With a sleek, modern design, this Hydro Flask lunch box is great for work, picnics, adventures and everything in between. Choose from an array of colors and sizes. Keep your cool food chilled and your hot food warm with this dual compartment lunch bag. Details include foam insulation, strong liner and two separate compartments. As the brand says, “Stack, lock and go!” With three separate compartments, you can ensure your food stays organized and put. With a wide-open mouth, heat welded insulation and an easy-to-clean inside, this lunch box can fit all of your food and more. We also can’t get enough of the outside pockets, as they make for the cutest lunch box. Who doesn’t want a dishwasher safe, collapsable option that comes in an array of pastel colors? In fact, we want them all! With a large capacity and a simply yet stylish design, you’ll want to take this guy with you everywhere. This adored BPA-free lunch box keeps your food cool while providing all of the space needed to store your munchies. Best of all, it’s compact enough to fit in your backpack and work tote. With a heat barrier that reflects heat instead of absorbing it, this zipperless lunchbox is both unique and effective. You can also rest assured knowing your new lunchbox is leak proof, so you can successfully precent spills and messes. Think of this find as a little backpack for your lunch. It’s practical, adorable and durable. You can also enjoy a grab handle, two-way zippers and an external zip pocket. Choose from florals to solids and enjoy an everyday lunch tote. Best of all, it’s machine washable, so there’s no need to worry if your food leaks or spills. Just do it — and by “it,” we mean buy this unbeatable lunch bag. It includes a wrap-around closure, has PEVA lining and a water bottle pocket. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.