Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin held a call with his Chinese opposite number for the first time while in office Wednesday as a follow-up to last month’s virtual meeting between President Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping. In a readout of the 45-minute call, the Pentagon revealed that Austin and Chinese Minister of National Defense Gen. Wei Genghe talked “defense relations” between the two countries, as well as “regional security issues, and Russia’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine.” Austin previously attempted to talk with Gen. Xu Qiliang, China’s highest-ranking uniformed officer, who holds more influence than Wei. The defense secretary failed to achieve such talks, according to the Associated Press, due to Beijing wishing to keep to the protocol of official counterparts meeting. A senior defense official told the outlet that Austin also stressed the importance of maintaining US-Chinese strategic competition in nuclear, space and cyber areas. They also reportedly discussed improving crisis communications between the two nations. Additionally, Austin reportedly raised concerns about China’s recent military provocations against Taiwan and Beijing’s military activities in the South China and East China seas. He also discussed US concerns over North Korea’s nuclear weapons program. The call comes one month after Biden held a video call with Xi in which he outlined consequences China would face if it moved forward with providing Russia military or economic assistance in its invasion of Ukraine. The move was speculated after it was revealed that Russia had reportedly asked the Communist nation for assistance. It is unclear what specific consequences Biden outlined during the two-hour call, with press secretary Jen Psaki repeatedly deflecting questions from reporters at the time. “He made clear what the implications and the consequences would be if China provides material support to Russia as it conducts brutal attacks against Ukrainian cities and civilians,” she said. Biden previously spoke with Xi during a more than three-hour-long summit last year in which he claimed to have pressed the Chinese president to be transparent about the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic, despite the White House indicating the opposite. The president later said his team was unaware of the push because they were not in the room at the time.