ORLANDO, Fla. — There could be a Feron sighting. If Tom Thibodeau gets his way, the Knicks will finally see their other two-way contract players join rookie center Jericho Sims, now that the G-League season ended Saturday. Power forward Feron Hunt, signed last month to the second two-way deal after injured Luka Samanic was waived, could be on the move to the big club. He finished off with a 15-point, 10-rebound, five-assist game Saturday. In seven Westchester Knicks games, Hunt, 22, averaged 16.9 points, shot 54.3 percent — 31.8 from 3-point range. An SMU graduate, the 6-foot-8 Hunt started the year as a full-time G-Leaguer with the Texas Legends before the Knicks signed him to a two-way contract. There could be room for Hunt to see some action since Julius Randle has shut it down for the season. Randle didn’t make the trip here, and Thibodeau said he’s “most likely’’ finished. “I’m open to all that stuff,’’ Thibodeau said of getting Hunt on the roster. “We like who he is, so I want to get a chance to see him as well.’’ Thibodeau said he still has to talk to Knicks brass before the Hunt promotion becomes solidified. The Knicks have three games left after Sunday. They host the Nets on Wednesday, visit Washington on Friday and finish up Sunday at home versus Toronto. The Knicks coach has caught Hunt’s highlights but hasn’t seen him play live yet. “I’ve seen a little bit, but I’ve liked what I’ve heard and what I’ve seen in the reports,’’ Thibodeau said. “This summer, the offseason, will be important.’’ Samanic, a power forward who won G-League Player of the Week in December, never got a look with the Knicks because of various injuries. Before being cut, the 6-foot-10 Croatian had appeared in one game in two months because of plantar fasciitis. Rookies Quentin Grimes (sore knee) and Miles McBride (sore knee) returned to action Sunday in a 118-88 win over the Magic. Grimes scored two points and grabbed four rebounds in 16 minutes while McBride had eight points — including 2-for-3 from beyond the arc. Grimes had missed the last four games, while McBride sat out Saturday vs. Cleveland.