“My Unorthodox Life” star Julia Haart revealed Monday that the last time she had sex with her hubby was December 2020 — after a previous nine-month drought. The pair had only been married in June 2019. Haart, 50, was forced to disclose the pair’s lack of love life while on the stand at the former couple’s virtual Manhattan Supreme Court divorce proceeding, as her estranged partner’s lawyer hammered her over her abuse allegations against her spouse. The lawyer for Haart’s husband Silvio Scaglia showed the Netflix star hundreds of messages that she exchanged with her hubby on WhatsApp where the pair was loving toward each other during the same time she claimed he was abusive. The lawyer, Robert Wallack, included messages between the pair that contained the words “sexy” and “horny.”Haart’s own lawyer, Danielle Petitti, later asked her of those messages, “When is the last time you and your husband were sexually’’ active together?Haart — a former “ultra Orthodox” Jew-turned-modeling agency CEO — replied, “We tried once during that vacation in December 2020, but that was the last time.” Before that,  she said, the pair last made love in April 2020, about 10 months after they were married. Last week, Haart’s daughter testified that her mom’s relationship with Scaglia began deteriorating when the pandemic hit in the early spring of 2020. Haart teared up at moments on the stand Monday as she was questioned by Wallack during the video hearing. She is currently seeking to make her temporary restraining order against Scaglia permanent. “You’re just faking it until you hopefully make it, isn’t that correct?” Wallack asked Haart, referring to her abuse allegations. The Netflix star shot back, “Faking it until you make it means to show expertise in the subject until you actually have expertise in the subject. “It has nothing to do with making things up.” Earlier, Haart wiped away tears as Wallack read out her prior description of a January 2021 incident in which she alleged Scaglia berated her and pressed down on her knees while she was sitting on the toilet. She claimed that Scaglia yelled at her while he was so close that their noses were touching, screaming a slew of insults and threats including, “I hate you! I’m going to kill you in the press! … You’re useless! You’re naive!” But Wallack showed Haart some of the scores of WhatsApp messages the pair exchanged during their marriage. “In the thousands of WhatsApp messages you exchanged with Silvio, there is not one mention of him ever putting his hands on you, correct?” Wallack asked. “That’s correct,” Haart responded. “That’s because it never happened, isn’t that a fact?” Wallack asked. “Incorrect,” Haart answered. Wallack pressed Haart about how she never mentioned the alleged January 2021 incident in messages with Scaglia. The WhatsApp messages “were a diary and daily chronicle of your marriage?” Wallack asked. “They just show a little slice,” Haart answered. “That’s all.” “When something was bothering you, you sent him a message about it, correct?” Wallack asked. “Incorrect, I chose very carefully what I wrote about,” she responded. After Wallack’s questioning, Haart’s own lawyer Danielle Petitti asked her “Are all the incidents you have alleged to in your amended family offense [case] true?” Haart responded, “Yes.” “Despite being true, during those incidents were you in love with your husband?” Petitti asked. “Yes,” Haart answered. Petitti also had Haart read more WhatsApp messages referencing tensions with Scaglia. “I’m dying here my love. I haven’t eaten in two days,” Haart said in one Oct. 22, 2020 message to Scaglia. “I can’t handle this stress w you my love. It’s too much pressure.” On Friday, Haart’s daughter Miriam cried as she testified about hearing Scaglia allegedly screaming at her mother in the January 2021 incident before walking into the bathroom and seeing her mother naked on the floor sobbing. Haart filed for divorce Feb. 9 after he fired her as CEO of his company Elite World Group. Scaglia then filed a lawsuit against Haart alleging she used company money to pay for expensive clothes, handbags, trips, hair, makeup and breast augmentation. He also accused her of taking $850,000 from the company account the day he fired her. She has denied the allegations.