In the words of the OG bimbo: That’s hot. TikToker Chrissy Chlapecka has brought back more than just Paris Hilton-esque micro-miniskirts and bleach-blond hair — she and her fellow Gen Zers are proud “bimbos,” too. The Chicago native, who has garnered 4.3 million followers on TikTok, regularly posts shamelessly scantily clad videos dolled up in head-to-toe pink to hype up her “bimbos-in-training,” convince them to dump their boyfriends and reclaim the term by embracing overt sexuality. “It’s time to start being yourself if you want to dye your hair pink, dye your hair pink,” she exhorts in an intentional upskirt clip with 2.5 million views. “Life is short, nothing matters. Kiss that girl, get revenge on your ex, punt him into the sun, steal that man’s credit card info. Who cares!” Her titillating hashtag, #BimboTok, has clearly inspired a legion of ladies, garnering more than 74 million views from wishful wannabes. Offshoots like #BimboTikTok and #Bimbofication have racked up another 500-million-plus views. “It’s just my art form,” Chlapecka, 22, told The Post. “I kind of see myself as TikTok’s older sister, who gives you silly bits of advice and wants to hype you up and wants you to embrace all the beautiful parts of yourself,” she continued. “Whether that’s your hyper-femininity, your bimbo wisdom in the way that I present it or however somebody wants to in their own way. Wearing the outfits I do makes me feel like the most authentic, beautiful version of myself.” For Fiona Fairbairn, being a bimbo takes a simpler tune: Just leaning into extreme self-love and, of course, being the sexiest version of herself. In a now-viral TikTok video with more than 688,000 views, 19-year-old Fairbairn crafted the unofficial bimbo manifesto to guide the bimbo army. Titled “Rules for Bimbofication,” the Toronto-native satirically advises aspiring fellow floozy friends to stop fact-checking, only focus on their looks and not to critically think. Her video received a chorus of applause — and laughter from its slightly satirical tone — from women on the app, calling it “therapy.” While the video was in jest, the message still rings true: At its core, bimboism is a “self-love movement” for many women. Fairbairn said the so-called trampy trend is “just about being in your own world and being OK with people underestimating you.” “Knowing yourself and almost being obsessed with yourself, dating yourself — I feel like that’s the route to actual self-love,” Fairbairn, who has over 171,000 followers on TikTok, told The Post. “When you kind of exaggerate it, it will actually translate into real self-love. And when you have so much self-love, you’re calm, you don’t overthink so much.” But don’t underestimate these brazen broads: While the clothes and attitude pay homage to the days of Playboy’s Holly Madison, these self-proclaimed bimbos have much more than air between their ears. “I think a lot of people really underestimate the true intelligence that I have,” Chlapecka, who built her TikTok bimbo dynasty nearly two years ago, said. “My intelligence comes from emotional intelligence, connection and being able to communicate and talk to people the way they deserve to be . . . I think that can totally get overlooked.” The term “bimbo” hasn’t always been so comforting — see the “holy trinity” of social pariahs Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan and Britney Spears during their “bimbo summit” heyday just over a decade ago. While the trend percolated in 2017 when adult star Alicia Amira founded “The Bimbo Movement” to empower women, these Gen Z gals, who came to adulthood in a post-#MeToo world, are bringing it mainstream once again — and are hell-bent on changing perception once and for all. “It’s reclaiming hyper-femininity to not be seen as something that is inherently or innately vapid and something that should be looked down upon,” said Syrena, who goes by her username FauxRich. Syrena, who boasts more than 122,000 followers on TikTok, said that being a girly girl is often “looked down upon as something that’s just so frivolous and stupid,” but she chalks it all up to systemic “misogyny.” “To reclaim that is powerful,” the 23-year-old said. Despite being enrolled in accelerated courses in high school, Syrena said people used to make fun of her voice for sounding “stupid.” But “ridding herself of the shackles” by becoming a self-proclaimed bimbo and ridding herself of the notion of what makes someone “smart” gave her liberation. “As I’ve evolved into more of an adult woman, I dressed like what makes me feel really comfortable and what inherently makes me look at myself in the mirror and go like, ‘Oh, yeah, I would totally date myself,’ ” said Syrena. The negativity surrounding bimboism is something Chlapecka is familiar with, too, but she takes the stigma in stride, even making reaction videos to their “funny” remarks. “[They’re] just people who are angry at somebody who is openly queer and openly loving themselves and being a bimbo,” Chlapecka said. “Wearing the outfits I do makes me feel like the most authentic, beautiful version of myself.” “They’re just mad at that person, me, for existing,” she added. Fairbairn ignores the noise, though, and strides with pride as a bimbo. “I just realized [when you’re] focusing on yourself and being your best self and being the hottest version of yourself,” she said, “you don’t have enough time to think about what other people are thinking about you.”