Who says chivalry is dead? A TikTok-famous divorce attorney divulged why it’s important for men to fork it over on their first time out with a significant other. “Men should always pay on the first date, and get this, for our own good,” explains Justin Lee, a Toronto separation lawyer who has amassed 185,000 followers on the app from his various dating advice clips. “Your date, whoever that is, may very well be the person you end up marrying. And trust me when I say, as a divorce lawyer, who you end up marrying is so, so important.” But before revealing his golden rule on why the guy needs to pony up from Day 1, Lee also gave a man’s perspective on the seemingly perennial debate of who should pay. “When us guys take an issue with paying on the first date, the issue isn’t tied to the number of dollars we’re spending at the end of the day. And if it is, respectfully, you need to go get a job,” Lee said. “The issue is when we end up paying for someone who has this real sense of entitlement, like this expectation that we will pay. That’s precisely why we need to always pay.” Doing so will reveal the true nature of whom you’re across the table from — for better or worse, Lee said. “So let’s say at the end of the date, you pull out your wallet, you offer to pay and your date just sits there, expecting you to pay, as if that is the obvious course of action. In that moment, what did you just learn?” he questions. “You just learned that the person in front of you is entitled and frankly has the audacity to expect a near-stranger to pay for them.” Lee’s code of conduct for men mirrors that of fellow TikToker @respectfullygabby, who puts men through a series of tests to learn if they are viable suitors. As for Lee’s tip, it might cost the one-time fee of dinner and drinks, but it’s a practice that could save a lifetime of misery that would be brought on by the stuck-up companion, according to the lawyer. “Just imagine how someone like that will treat their significant other, their spouse. For a low, low price of 20, 30, 40 dollars or whatever, you learned that the person in front of you does not have the basic courtesy to pretend to offer to pay,” Lee scolds. “Now, therefore you should never go on another date with them. And that’s why men should always pay on the first date.” However, not all were in favor of Lee’s first-date counsel, with many quick to call it a red flag when a man won’t pay for a night out. “Oh boy, this sparked quite a debate … it’s not about who actually ends up paying, as much as it is about respecting and appreciating the gesture,” Lee commented in response. He added, “the issue is when women perceive the payment as an obligation as opposed to a kind gesture. Entitled vs Appreciative. No one owes anybody anything!” “For the record, this isn’t gender-specific,” Lee said, reiterating that same point in a follow-up video. “Any man or woman who feels entitled in any way toward the other is a walking red flag.”