Looks like she took “defamation suit” literally. As Johnny Depp’s defamation trial against Amber Heard heats up, social media fashion police are accusing Depp’s former flame of employing an unorthodox courtroom strategy: copying her ex’s outfits to try and get inside of his head. Tweets detailing this alleged act of war-drobe are currently going viral. “Amber Heard is playing mind games with Johnny Depp by copying his outfits in court,” one observer alleged on Twitter Thursday. The supposed sartorial psyche-out comes as Heard, 36, and Depp, 58 — who were married from 2015 to 2017 — battle in court to determine if the latter was defamed by Heard’s 2018 Washington Post essay in which she accused the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star of abuse. Depp, who has vehemently denied the allegations, is seeking at least $50 million in compensation. He is also after $350,000 in punitive damages, as well attorneys’ fees and court costs, according to the Daily Mail. With every aspect of the trial under a microscope, social media sleuths couldn’t help but notice that Heard’s courtroom attire seemed eerily similar to that of the “Finding Neverland” actor. “I’ve been watching the Johnny Depp trial and noticed that Amber Heard is mirroring him through outfits,” wrote one eagle-eyed Twitter juror of the “Aquaman” alum’s “creepy” copycat couture. “When Johnny wore a gray suit…the next day she wore the same thing. Then he wore a Gucci ensemble and then she wore it the next day.” They were referring to when Depp showed up to the first day of the trial on April 11 in a gray suit and Gucci tie with a bee lapel. The following day, Heard was seen wearing a nearly identically colored getup to the courthouse, and on April 13, she donned a similar tie and bee bauble. The actress “followed suit” again on April 19 after rocking a similar ponytail to the one her former flame had worn the day before. Online fashionistas have even uploaded TikTok videos juxtaposing the dueling exes’ outfits in a series of stills. “Yesterday was the day that Twitter went nuts over Johnny Depp’s pony tail,” said user @delloliod in a TikTok video from two days ago, which boasts more than 10 million views. “She walked into court today with this ponytail on her head.” The Twitter peanut gallery agreed that Heard’s getups were no coincidence. “Is anyone gonna address why Amber is mimicking Johnny’s outfits every day,” wrote one aghast user. “This woman is SICK in the head.” Another astute commenter wrote: “I know this was days ago now, but can we talk about the fact that Amber Heard intentionally recreated Johnny Depp’s court outfits multiple times… Does that not scream psychological abuse to you? Like the man is literally in court and she’s still mocking him.” One armchair attorney claimed that Heard was “mirroring all of johnny depp’s outfits in a continued attempt to torment her victim,” adding that they “didn’t think she could be more vile.” Some found Heard’s fashion choices particularly enraging, as the “Justice League” actress had reportedly mocked Depp’s sense of style, per court testimony by his sister Christi Dombrowski. “Johnny told Amber that I had just had a meeting with Dior and they were interested in him,” the sibling had stated, according to the Daily Mail. “Her reaction to that was she was in disbelief and sort of disgust because she said, ‘Dior — why would Dior want to do business with you? They are about class and they are about style and you don’t have style.'” Ex-hubby cosplay was far from the most heinous allegations that surfaced during the hearings. Heard’s attorneys, who are seeking $100 million from Depp for abuse and other damages, presented a series of embarrassing images Thursday, including a photo of the actor with ice cream spilled in his lap and a video of him going wild in a kitchen. The most provocative photo, from 2013, could have been a scene out of “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas” — it appeared to show a glass of whiskey, lines of cocaine, other drug paraphernalia and a Keith Richards CD arrayed on a glass table. The team submitted the humiliating pics as evidence in their case that Depp physically and sexually assaulted Heard while abusing drugs and alcohol. Her legal team also claimed that Depp’s legal team falsely accused her of fabricating the claims against the “Donnie Brasco” actor. Meanwhile, on Wednesday, Depp — who claimed that his former squeeze was the aggressor in their relationship — testified about a brutal fight with Heard that left him with a severed fingertip. Accompanying photos of the gruesome injury shown in court elicited “ews” and an “ew, yuck” from spectators.