Come again? The founder of an erotic audio company claims listening to the sound of crashing waves can help train the brain to have better orgasms. Gina Gutierrez, 31, made the kinky claim at the TED2022 conference last week, telling the 1,500-strong crowd that sound is intrinsic to sexual pleasure. While most people might be turned on by stereotypical sounds such as heavy breathing and orgasmic screaming in porn, Gutierrez said listening to less obviously erotic noises can expand a person’s imagination and — by default — their sexual horizons. Gutierrez started her talk by playing a five-second audio clip of waves crashing against the shore, according to Insider. “Were those not the sounds you were imagining I’d play?” she asked the crowd. “I bet that every person in this room is imagining something a little different, but filled with also sorts of distinct details about the surroundings about the circumstances. Audio is incredible.” “It is not a betrayal to use your imagination to bring you more pleasure,” Gutierrez said. “Fantasy is a safe space, and it’s time we bust the myth that what you fantasize about and what you want to happen in reality are always the same thing.” Gutierrez is the founder of Dipsea — an audio app where subscribers can listen to sexy scripted stories in order to get off. However, the businesswoman said sounds — and not words — can often be a gateway to fantasy. The sound of waves crashing against the shore, for instance, can induce listeners into a state of relaxation, allowing them to subsequently get in touch with their sensual side. The app costs $13 per month, with one creator stating: “If you’re listening to something, it’s all around you — you’re in it. It’s like being in an ocean or a body of water where you’re quite literally, in this analogy, immersed, versus being splashed in the face with water or being hosed down.” Dipsea is just one erotic audio app that hit the market in recent years. Last November, “sexual meditation” app Guided by Glow was endorsed by Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop. That app, which costs $8 per month, offers a range of guided “erotic audio sessions” designed to bring listeners to orgasm by inducing them into a state of extreme relaxation.