Spring is here, and that means it’s time for some home renovation. Whether that means upping your barstool game, installing some new lighting fixtures or throwing in an updated TV stand, now’s the time to do it. This is especially true if you work from home, as your space can greatly impact your work ethic. In an effort to help you produce your best work possible, we scoured the web for the best home office desks. Whether you’re looking for a standard writing desk, an L-shaped table to utilize all of your space or even a standing computer desk, we’ve got you covered. While you’re at it, you might as well throw in a brand new office chair, too. This simple option from Amazon costs less than $100 and is available in three different wood colors and sizes ranging from 31 to 55 inches. You can’t go wrong with this small Ikea Miche desk. It’s sleek (in either white or black), has room for storage and even has a cut out for your computer cords. The unique Furinno Econ Writing Desk has a spot for everything you need, plus it’s on sale for less than $50 right now! The Anoka Desk is another awesome, simple option. Choose from white, black or oak and look forward to a plethora of drawer storage. Spruce up your home office with a mint blue or white writing desk. Features include three drawers, black squared knobs, detailed corners and solid wood legs. This vintage-style computer desk has enough space for your laptop, monitor, planner and any of your other workday essentials. The stable metal frame ensures the desk won’t wobble with every movement you make, giving you a comfortable workstation to be productive throughout the day. Give your bum a break with this electric standing desk. You can enjoy a digital display handset, an electric lift system, height adjustment and an industrial steel build. The Athena Desk is gorgeous and practical. The surface area offers tons of space for more than one screen, a printer and much more, while the two large center compartments offer useful storage space. This home office desk is another great option. Choose between light, black or brown and look forward to an effective work space paired with added shelving. If you’ve been searching for an L-shaped desk, this is it. Not only does it come in a luxurious design featuring gold legs, but it also provides shelving and more than enough work space. With an attached side shelf and large writing area, this rustic brown wood desk is gorgeous and practical. This ergonomic desk is unmatched when it comes to daily use. Shelves make it ideal for space-saving, while the color options range from white, black and gray. This floating desk from Lark Manor is great for limited space but has the added benefit of storage drawers and shelves. Additionally, you can fold up the desk once done, and it will create a seamlessly clean design. The Zinus Jennifer 55-Inch Frame Desk is simple and sturdy and comes in black, brown and a sand brown color. Choose from various colors and enjoy a modern design, a steel frame and a coated finish. Best of all, it’s easy to assemble and all needed parts are included. For those looking to utilize every nook and cranny in their house or apartment, consider this L-shaped corner desk that is bound to give you a lot more workspace. Featuring wood legs and a white body, this study desk seamlessly fits into any space and room. Further details include three drawers, three cubbies and a raised shelf. While adjustable standing desks can get pricey, we found this great option on sale for less than $200. Choose your desktop color, frame color and get to work! For a dorm hutch feel, consider the Designa Computer Desk with shelves. You can store any important books, planners or notepads you use on a daily basis on the top shelf and use the bottom shelf as your workstation. Is there anything more luxurious than this desk? With a marble top, gold legs and delicate metal detailing, we say this is it. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.