Another night, another weapon for the Jets and quarterback Zach Wilson. Gang Green selected Iowa State running back Breece Hall in the second round on Friday night, one night after taking Ohio State wide receiver Garrett Wilson in the first round, giving their second-year quarterback new weapons to work with. The selection of Hall came after the Jets traded up with the crosstown Giants. The Jets sent a second-round pick (No. 38) and a fifth-round pick (No. 146) to the Giants in exchange for pick 36. The Jets grabbed Hall, who was rated as one of the top running backs in this year’s draft. Hall is a two-time Big 12 offensive player of the year who scored 41 touchdowns over the past two seasons and ran a blazing 4.39 40-yard dash. He was the first running back drafted this year. “It felt like it took forever but now that it’s happened, I’m so happy,” Hall said. “I’m blessed to be a Jet. I’m happy for the opportunity to be part of this organization and help build up this organization.” Hall was a three-year starter for the Cyclones who set an FBS record with a rushing touchdown in 24 consecutive games. Hall led the nation in rushing in 2020 and was eighth in 2021. “It starts with the high level of production,” Jets general manager Joe Douglas said. “He was one of the top players in the entire conference. The think that jumps out with him is he’s a home run threat. He can score from anywhere on the field. Excellent elusiveness, excellent balance through contact and also another guy who can be a weapon in the pass game.” Douglas called Hall a top-20 playmaker in this draft. He said the Jets suspected another team would take Hall before the 38th pick, so they moved up to get him. This is the third straight year the Jets have drafted a running back with Douglas in charge. Douglas took La’Mical Perine in the fourth round in 2020 and Michael Carter in the fourth round last year. Carter showed promise as a rookie and now will likely split carries with Hall and veteran Tevin Coleman. Perine’s days with the team are numbered after not playing much in 2021. Get the latest updates on every New York Jets pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, plus hometown analysis from the New York Post.  The Jets’ approach is running back by committee. Coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur both come from the 49ers, where Kyle Shanahan seems to have a new leading running back every season. It is a position the Jets like to have a heavy rotation at. Hall will now be a big part of that rotation. “I know that it’s really running-back friendly,” Hall said of the Jets’ system. “ Just being able to touch the ball a lot and have a lot of opportunity that’s all I need.” At Iowa State, Hall rushed 253 times for 1,472 yards and 20 touchdowns in 2021. As a sophomore in 2020, he had 279 rushes for 1,572 yards and 21 touchdowns. He holds 11 school records and was a two-time finalist for the Doak Walker Ward, which goes to the nation’s best running back. He has a nice mix of size, speed and power that will play well in the Jets’ zone-based running scheme. “A three-down back,” Hall said when asked to tell Jets fans about his game, “a guy who can catch the ball, make people miss, run you over and somebody that plays hard and a person who’s just as good off the field as he is on the field so a guy who’s going to impact the community and be more than a football player.” At 5-foot-11, 217 pounds, he gives the Jets a power back element that they have lacked. He is known as a patient runner who can read defenses. He also had 36 catches for 302 yards and three receiving touchdowns in 2021. The Jets added another offensive weapon in the third round with the selection of Ohio State tight end Jeremy Ruckert.