Ana Vianey Martínez Lugo is ringing the alarm for impressionable young people by sharing the disturbing tale of how her former best friend attempted to “sell her into sex slavery.” The 21-year-old from Mexico took to the social media site to detail her bestie’s betrayal back in 2013 — and how her mom saved her in the nick of time. In a now-viral video, which has racked up more than 6 million views, Lugo alleges that her pal claimed she had been selected for a student exchange to Spain and could take a plus-one. The friend chose Lugo, who was just 12 years old at the time and was admittedly ecstatic to be picked. The excited youngster subsequently began filling out exchange documents in order to jet off halfway around the world. However, Lugo’s suspicions were raised when she noticed a question in the paperwork which asked: “Are you a virgin?” Lugo told her mom, who contacted the school her daughter attended. School administrators subsequently stated that the exchange program did not actually exist. The savvy matriarch then visited the best friend’s family home, where she unravelled the sex slave plot while looking through a computer. Lugo’s best friend had been dating an older boy for about a month. The boy had allegedly threatened the best friend, telling her to enlist young sex slaves for a human trafficking operation or face harm to her family. “I had no reason to not trust her,” Lugo told Jam Press in an interview conducted after her TikTok video went viral. “We had been best friends since we were 5 years old. She knew I would trust her.” “I couldn’t believe that my best friend had done that,” the TikToker continued, saying she still hasn’t forgiven her former friend almost a decade on from the incident. Lugo says she tried to see the situation from her pal’s perspective, stating: “It can’t have been easy to be with someone who was threatening your life and your family, all while you’re a minor.” However, she concluded that her best friend’s betrayal was “wrong” and a “crime.” Lugo is now encouraging others to trust their intuition, and is praising her mom for pursuing the truth. The TikToker’s tale prompted viewers to leave comments beneath the clip, with many saying they now have trust issues. “You can’t trust anyone,” one wrote. “They tell you not to trust strangers, but what they don’t tell you is that you shouldn’t trust those you’ve known all your life either,” another chimed in. Meanwhile, a third bluntly declared: “With friends like that you don’t need enemies.”