An Aussie blonde woman dubbed the world’s hottest trucker makes $63,000-a-year thanks to a side hustle. Blayze Williams, from Adelaide, South Australia, has turned heads while sitting behind the wheel of some of the globe’s largest trucks but started selling sexy content on OnlyFans in 2020. A sideline that makes her a tidy $63,000 a year. The 29-year-old has hit back after she was bombarded with cruel body-shaming comments and discrimination from people both in and out of the trucking community, who she says want her out of the industry. Blayze said: “Before I started OnlyFans, I feel like I was admired a lot more, but now I’m getting lots of hate and body-shaming comments from people assuming I’m a prostitute. “All I do is sell photographs and video to people who are interested in seeing it. “I’m not out there actually sleeping with anyone or performing sex acts, but even if I was, why should it matter? “I’m a great trucker and I’m good at my job, that’s why I’ve been doing it for a decade. “But I’ve had such negative comments, most of the time from other females, who tell me I shouldn’t be a truck driver and that you can’t be sexy and drive trucks. “I’ve even had people in the industry tell me they don’t want me to represent them. It feels like they’re trying to stop me from trucking, but that will never happen. “I absolutely love what I do, and I’ll never stop. Getting the OnlyFans income means I’m able to enjoy it and gives me more freedom to take a breath and not overwork myself. “I’m always getting slut shamed and discriminated against because of how I look. Honestly, most of the hate is coming from women, which is always so disappointing. “Women need to be supporting each other no matter what, not pulling each other down. We all deserve to be respected for who we are.” Blayze rose to fame back in 2018 after being dubbed the world’s hottest truck driver and lifting the lid on what it’s like to be a young female on the roads. But due to ongoing complications from breaking her leg in 2018, she was forced to stop driving trucks back in February 2020 to focus on her health and recovery. With no steady income, Blayze said she had no idea how she was going to survive – until her famous friend, Heidi Lavon, suggested she try out OnlyFans after she had great success with the site. She has since been making between $4,000 – $6,300 a month selling sexy photographs of herself to her fans. Blayze, who used to make $34,000 a year driving trucks, said: “I was driving trucks 10-13 hours a day, but then I broke my leg and it ended up being a 16-month injury because it wouldn’t heal properly. “I have ongoing leg complications. I had to stop working, and I was getting to the point financially where I didn’t really know what was going to happen. “Then I was speaking to my friend Heidi Lavon, who is a famous internet personality now, and she suggested I give it a go. “But at the time I thought it was only for porn stars who want to do full nudity and create sexual videos, so I said that wasn’t really for me. “Then I learnt that I could dictate my content however I wanted, so I only do implied nudes and the occasional topless picture for a high price. “This allows me to do part-time truck driving, and it means I enjoy it much more, while also generating a bigger income from the OnlyFans.” Despite racking in cash from the OnlyFans content, Blayze said could never give up driving trucks completely and is still fiercely passionate about being on the road. She said: “The passion for truck driving is part of me and will never go away. “Doing the OnlyFans has given me the time so just breathe and get my life more organized. “There is a huge misconception about it because people think it’s just porn. But it can be anything you want it to be. “There is even fitness instructions and musicians who are on it selling their lessons. It’s amazing.” Actress, glamour model, TikTok and YouTube sensation Blayze said she has received her fair share of intrigued stares and curious comments due to her gender. But despite not fitting the typical trucker stereotype, she said overall it has been a welcoming environment to work in and she has been easily accepted by her male colleagues. Blayze has also been working to break down barriers in the heavily male-dominated industry by calling on more females to give it a go, with studies showing women make up as few as three in every 100 Australian truck drivers. She added: “I’ve always like to be different, so being a female truck driver just came naturally. I’ve always dressed like a bit of a Barbie, but I feel like one of the boys. “You do have to have a tough skin. A lot of the boys can be a bit crude, so it’s not the right place for you if you’re easily offended. “But I haven’t come across many creeps in my career. Overall, everyone has been pretty good. “More girls should give it a chance. The hours can be long, but there is great money to be made and it’s a lot of fun.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.