Multiple artists started their day falling victim to a hacking incident. The YouTube channels of Justin Bieber, Drake, Eminem – who have a collective 145.9 million subscribers – as well as many other A-list celebrities, seem to have been hacked early Tuesday morning. Other artists who appear to have been hacked include Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Harry Styles, Kanye West, Travis Scott, The Weeknd, Lil Nas X and Michael Jackson. The Post has reached out to YouTube for comment. Multiple profiles had strange videos uploaded, which have since been removed. One of the videos uploaded to these high-profile pages was titled “Justin bieber – Free Paco Sanz (ft. Will Smith, Chris Rock, Skinny flex & Los Pelaos),” according to the Daily Mail. Paco Sanz is a Spanish criminal who defrauded thousands of people by pretending to have a terminal illness and is currently in prison. The video posted showed Sanz holding a guitar backward and singing in Spanish. Some Twitter users took the liberty of screen recording the video of Sanz. Another video, which was posted on Harry Styles’ YouTube page, was called, “Daddy Yankee – SPEED IS THE BEST HACKED BY @LOSPELAOSBRO ON TWITTER.” It showed a group of men wearing hoodies with the word “speed,” dancing to an adapted version of “Hit the Road Jack,” according to the Daily Mail. Twitter account @lospelaosbro claimed he was responsible for the hacks and was asking for suggestions on who to hack next. While the identity behind the Twitter account is unknown, the account was posting photos of what appears to be Paco Sanz. The account was only created in April 2022 and has already amassed over 9,700 followers. Business Insider referred to the bizarre Twitter profile as a “s—tposting account,” meaning it shares ironic and sarcastic content with the goal of getting a reaction. The mention of Will Smith and Chris Rock in the video title might be a way to gain traction following the controversial Oscars slap. Fans were quick to respond in disbelief. “YouTube what’s going on all the top artists channel hacked??” one person tweeted. “That’s crazy, how someone can destroy your several year’s hard work within a minute,” another user added. “This is so creepy like it’s 2022 and this stuff is still happening,” a fan wrote on Reddit. Other fans mocked the weird situation. “How are you gonna hack taylor swift’s YouTube channel and not release a 1989 vault track? Wasted opportunity,” a fan wrote joking about Taylor Swift’s re-releases. A Harry Styles fan even made a fake mock-up of a T-shirt reading “I was awake and survived Harry’s YouTube Channel being hacked.”