Talk about going into reality television overdrive. “Selling Sunset” star Heather Rae and HGTV personality Tarek El Moussa gave Heather and Dr. Terry Dubrow of the “Real Housewives of Orange County” and “Botched” tours of several West Hollywood condos on Tuesday. A source told The Post that the Dubrows are looking to purchase an investment property in the Los Angeles neighborhood. “They got along so well with the real estate brokers that they grabbed a drink at the Beverly Hills Hotel after the showings,” the insider revealed. In total, Heather and Tarek showed three condos in the $12 million range. The first unit they toured at 1 p.m. took place at the luxury building known as 8899 Beverly. The building is newly constructed and designed by esteemed Olson Kundig Architects. At 2 p.m., the newlywed couple then showed the Dubrows a three-bedroom, three and a half bathroom unit in the luxe building Edition Residences. Photos of the unit show an open floor concept plan. Spanning over 3,400 square feet, the residence was customized by the owner. The listing states that unit 1101, which is currently on sale for $11.9 million, can also be purchased with unit 1102, currently up for rent at $28,000 per month, if they want to expand. Features include a rooftop pool, several outdoor areas, with 24-hour full service. “Designed by John Pawson, this rarely available 01 stack is one of the most coveted locations in the building and has views of the City, the Hollywood Hills, Beverly Hills and beyond,” the listing states. The final condo they toured took place at 2:30 p.m. at the Pendry Residences. Owned by Montage Hotels & Resorts, the building features a collection of 40 luxury residences adjacent to their hotel. The building was designed by acclaimed EYRC architects with interior design by Martin Brudnizki. Residences feature spacious interior living with specific finishes throughout, expansive outdoor spaces, city views, private elevator access, and fully-serviced living by Montage, according to the website. Dubrow, 63, has hosted the popular plastic surgery show “Botched” since 2014 and is a co-producer. He also narrates “License to Kill” on Oxygen. Meanwhile, his wife, Heather, joined “the Real Housewives of Orange County” in Season 7 and left the series after Season 11. She is set to rejoin the show for its sixteenth season. The two have been married since 1999 and share four children.