Ben Simmons is “very hopeful” he will be able to make his long-awaited Nets debut during their first-round series against the Celtics. Simmons, who was acquired from the 76ers in a February trade, has not played due to a herniated disk in his back. He believes it’s “reasonable” for him to target Game 4 on Monday to play for the first time since last year’s playoffs with the Sixers. The three-time All-Star replied “probably not,” however, when asked if he might dress Saturday for Game 3 at Barclays Center. “I feel close. I mean it’s not an easy injury to get back in and move the same way straight away. It’s a work in progress and working every day to get back on the floor as soon as possible,” Simmons said after practice Friday in Brooklyn in his first public comments since Feb. 15. “So looking forward to that … but I can’t tell you definitely Game 4, Game 3. If I could play right now, I would be on the court.” The second-seeded Celtics lead the first-round series 2-0 after largely shutting down Kevin Durant, Kyrie Irving and the Nets in the first two games in Boston. Counting on Simmons’ return later in the series might be too late unless the Nets show enough improvement Saturday on their home court to earn their first victory of the series. “I don’t want to put it all too much on Ben,” Nets coach Steve Nash said. “He hasn’t played basketball in this environment for a long time. So it’d be amazing to have him back and to incorporate him into our group on the floor. “Obviously we know he gives us size, speed and playmaking, defense and rebounding, all those things that are helpful. But we’ll just have to see how he progresses and not put too much pressure on him coming back.” Simmons, a two-time All-NBA Defensive team selection, could give the Nets a boost against Celtics star Jayson Tatum. The 6-foot-11 point guard’s transition game also could help the Nets spread the floor and create better shots for Durant, Irving and other teammates. “I’ll fit in. I’m not worried about that,” the 25-year-old Simmons said. Asked how difficult it will be to make his team debut amid the intensity of a postseason game, he replied: “We’ll find out. It’s a good challenge, but I’m looking forward especially to playing with these guys. I think for me, my IQ is so high to play with guys like Ky and Seth [Curry] and Kev, just watching them I know how they play and how they want to play. For me to get them in their spots and be a floor general. It’s exciting and I’m looking forward to it.” Patty Mills, Simmons’ fellow Australia native, recalled being on a Spurs team that added former All-Star Tracy McGrady to its roster just ahead of the playoffs in 2013. McGrady totaled just 31 minutes over six postseason appearances, however, after not playing at all in the league during the regular season. “I don’t know if you can compare this to anything else really because of who we are and who Ben is, especially coming in at his point of his career,” Mills said. “I mean, we’ve been through some pretty crazy stuff this year. “I don’t think this is any different to that and it’s one of those things of, well, we’re here and this is what we have, so let’s make the most of it. At least from that perspective, we’ve been dealing and handling for the most part pretty well with just weird sort of circumstances.” Simmons also has cited mental-health issues as part of the reason for his holdout in Philadelphia earlier this season. He added that not seeing any action since the trade, which shipped James Harden to the Sixers, has been “so frustrating.” “Body wise, once my body is ready, I want to be able to help this team win,” Simmons said. “That’s what I’m here for. It is what it is, I have to get on the floor and help this team win. I got traded to the Brooklyn Nets and that’s what they need me to do. And that’s where my focus is right now.”