America’s supposed racial divide has a class element that we are all supposed to ignore. But for the past two years, I couldn’t ignore the number of media outlets and supposed intellectuals who have discarded the legitimate concerns of the middle class because they, the elite, supposedly know what’s best for us and our children. The anti-racism movement has come to Main Street, and no one asked for its arrival. The average American isn’t very ideological because that is a luxury most Americans can’t afford when they’re trying to make ends meet and support their families, unlike the economic and intellectual elite. Men and women who have made their entire careers hypothesizing about the makeup of America never actually listen to Americans. We recoil listening to their conception of American life for all races. Then the ideologues gaslight us, claiming we fight it because of our hatred of the truth rather than our disgust for radical elitists who find pleasure in telling us how to behave. Anti-racists use race as a weapon for compliance and domination over the sensibilities of good people. Their intention is to hyper-racialize Americans by having you see all aspects of life through the prism of race — including education for your children. If you are white and choose to resist, you are labeled a white supremacist, and if you are black and resist, you are labeled a sympathetic character for a white-supremacist society. The only solution in their eyes is compliance, not dialogue. When parents showed up to school-board meetings across the country because they don’t like this vision that has been imposed on their children, the anti-racists slandered them for resisting their new dogma. Critical race theory was also used to overshadow parental complaints about masking their children, inappropriate discussions of sex with their kids and gender ideology. Take Ibram X. Kendi’s latest piece in The Atlantic, in which he claims the Republican Party is “the party of white supremacy.” Understand, when anti-racists like Kendi write books and op-eds about their desire to deconstruct America’s white-supremacist social structures, they never discuss deconstructing the one social construct that allows racism to exist: race itself. It’s because “race” for them is a mechanism for power over guilt-riddled white Americans, control over the narrative and political leverage. In many ways, they’re our new cultural gatekeepers. They are the ones who decide what we discuss and how we discuss it in the mainstream because many of our formerly sacred institutions are run by the elite who have bought into the anti-racist ideology. Elites find a favorable boutique framework of race in America palatable as it distracts from the effects of class privilege in favor of supposed racial privilege — and is always willing to accept money as a form of forgiveness. America’s “racial reckoning” is being financed by the very people who benefit from there being a class division. If everything negative in our society is rooted in white supremacy, then class warfare will remain invisible and void of discussion. They want you to believe the resistance from parents throughout America was an organized Republican mass hysteria fueled by white supremacy when much of it was an organic resistance against the credentialed class of ideological educators. It wasn’t an avoidance of uncomfortable American history surrounding race because we’ve always learned about these things in school. Discussing topics like slavery and Jim Crow is commonplace in American high schools. This was a resistance to an exaggerated ideological framework that is foreign to the uncredentialed underclass. This was a guttural disgust at how the credentialed class, supported by the economic elites, used race essentialism to paint your average white American as inherently immoral and black Americans as victims of their immorality. Individuality is a hate crime to these anti-racist collectivists. As such, me explaining my personal failures of economic strife and homelessness as not being the “white man’s doing” but a manifestation of my own bad decisions is still not enough to avoid being seen as a victim in their eyes or just another “black face of white supremacy.” They do not want black people to overcome like I was able to because there is more money in pitying black people. Adam Coleman is the author of “Black Victim To Black Victor” and founder of Wrong Speak Publishing.