A 21-year-old man is also believed to have died in the raging Brooklyn house fire that also claimed the life of firefighter Timothy Klein, police said. Carlos Richards was reported missing by his family when the blaze broke out at the home on Avenue N near East 108th Street in Canarsie Sunday afternoon, cops said. Later in the day, cops found a body – believed to be Richards’ – inside the home. The city medical examiner’s office will officially confirm his identity. “Our condolences go to the family of the firefighter who died trying to save Carlos,” said a man who did not identify himself, but answered a phone number listed for Richards’ mother. “Our hearts go out to his family. Right now, we’re grieving for Carlos and we share the same pain that they are feeling.” Fire officials say smoke-eaters were battling the blaze when flames suddenly swept through the second floor of the building — sending them leaping from windows as part of the structure began caving in on itself, fire officials said. The dead Bravest, Timothy Klein — the 31-year-old son of a retired fireman — apparently became separated from his comrades and was fatally injured in the structural collapse, according to authorities and sources. Eight other firefighters also were injured, either in the collapse or from burns, officials said. “Everything seemed to be going routine when suddenly the entire second floor became engulfed in flames,” Acting Chief of Department John Hodgens told reporters Sunday evening. “Three other members that were with [Klein] were able to escape by jumping out windows and getting out ladders in other areas of the building. “Our members worked feverishly, very hard under very difficult conditions, to try to reach [Klein],’’ Hodgens said. “Unfortunately, they were not able to get to him in time, and he succumbed to his injuries. “Timothy lost his life doing his job that was asked of him every day.” Mayor Eric Adams added, “It gives us great pain and sorrow to announce that New York City has lost one of its bravest, Timothy Klein, 6 1/2 years as a firefighter, 31-years-old, coming from a rich tradition of dad and other relatives who are firefighters. “New York has lost one of its Bravest.” Klein, who was assigned to Ladder Co. 170, had given the eulogy for fellow firefighter Steven Pollard in 2019, after Pollard was killed at the scene of a car crash on the Belt Parkway when he fell through a gap in the roadway. Klein grew up in Breezy Point, Queens, and lived in Rockaway, sources said. He is survived by his father, retired FDNY Firefighter Patrick Klein, his mother Diane, and his three sisters, according to officials.