The Serby Mock 5.0 was an exercise in relentless hair-pulling and at times at the very end Olympic dart throwing as the most unpredictable, mystifying NFL draft — starting at the top, for crying out loud — mercifully arrives on Thursday night. Took the under on a weak quarterback class with only two. Joe Schoen’s first draft as Giants GM … Joe Douglas’ third as Jets GM. A pair of top-10 picks for both teams … unless Schoen trades down … unless Douglas surrenders his 10th pick in a Deebo Samuel tease. More help for Daniel Jones and Zach Wilson. A record eight teams with two first-round picks. Every team — except the Browns, Raiders, Colts, Bears, Dolphins, Rams, Broncos and 49ers (barring that potential Deebo trade) — will boast that they got better. Even if some of them didn’t. Let’s do this already: Travon Walker, edge rusher, Georgia GM Trent Baalke is long on long arms. This Georgia Peach has longer arms than Aidan Hutchinson and Shad Khan as well. The owner reportedly prefers Hutchinson, for what it’s worth. Doug Pederson prefers Nate Sudfeld (a joke, intended for Joe Judge and the 2021 New York Football Giants). Or Ickey Ekwonu. Trevor Lawrence prefers anyone but Urban Meyer. Anyway, a freakish upside bookend for The Other Josh Allen. Aidan Hutchinson, edge rusher, Michigan This, of course, would be a wildly popular pick, a high-character, high-motor culture builder who has been comped to Chris Long. Poor Dan Campbell needs a reinforcement to hound Aaron Rodgers, Kirk Cousins and Justin Fields. Derek Stingley Jr., CB, LSU The Texans own the league’s worst rushing attack and a second-year QB in Davis Mills who needs a cocoon pocket, and LT Laremy Tunsil (The Gas Mask Bong Video Kid) is back this season, but who knows about next season? I’ll take Lovie Smith at his word when he said: “We can’t play the type of football that we want to play until we get better at the cornerback position.” Stingley appears healed from his Lisfranc injury, and is as toolsy as it gets. Ickey Ekwonu, OT, N.C. State If he falls here, it will mean that Joe Douglas does not trust Mekhi Becton as a foundational piece, and/or could not resist an intelligent pancake machine mauler who can play either side in front of Zach Wilson. Evan Neal, OT, Alabama Joe Schoen’s first pick as Giants GM and the faithful — not to mention Daniel Jones and Saquon Barkley — will erupt as if he had drafted the young Lawrence Taylor. A 6-foot-7, 336-pound Hog Molly — can’t recall where I’ve heard that term — bookend for LT Andrew Thomas. Charles Cross, OT, Mississippi State Sam Darnold runs the card up to the commissioner himself, no disrespect intended to Kenny Pickett. But Baker Mayfield is still lurking, and owner David Tepper has more clout than Robbie Anderson. Jimmy GQ is out there as well. Cam Erving is a nice swing tackle. Starting LT? Not so much. No second- or third-rounder, so trade down if they can find a partner. Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner, CB, Cincinnati New DC Wink Martindale barges into the war room and bangs the table in front of Schoen for the lock-down corner to replace James Bradberry who would enable him to unleash his maniacal blitz. Kayvon Thibodeaux, edge rusher, Oregon Arthur Smith could go receiver here, but juicing the league’s worst pass rush with this polarizing predator isn’t a terrible idea. Trevor Penning, OT, Northern Iowa Pete Carroll likes to run the ball, and this last angry man is 6-7, 321 pounds and likes to run block with a vengeance. Would free agent LT Duane Brown be welcomed back? Jermaine Johnson II, edge rusher, Florida State Unless, of course, Douglas trades the pick for Deebo Samuel. Robert Saleh gets a pass-rush partner for Carl Lawson — A 6-5, 260-pound former JUCO with 4.58 speed and a 1.55 10-yard split who erupted at the Senior Bowl. Garrett Wilson, WR, Ohio State Ron Rivera did attend the Buckeyes’ Pro Day, and the draft’s most pro-ready receiver makes life easier for Carson Wentz and Terry McLaurin. Jameson Williams, WR, Alabama New head coach Kevin O’Connell can afford to wait until this blue-chip blazer is completely healed from his torn ACL, and besides, Adam Thielen turns 32 in August, and just imagine this kid alongside Justin Jefferson. Drake London, WR, USC A 6-4¹/₂, 210-pound target who can make contested catches for Davis Mills and be a nice complement to Brandin Cooks. Jordan Davis, DT, Georgia He’s 6-6, 341 pounds with 4.78 speed and they call him Godzilla. He makes Haloti Ngata look like a gnat, albeit a large gnat, and John Harbaugh knows he needs to build that wall with Najee Harris, Nick Chubb, Kareem Hunt and Joe Mixon in the division. Kyle Hamilton, S, Notre Dame The slide stops because Howie Roseman finally fills a rangy replacement two years later for Malcolm Jenkins. Chris Olave, WR, Ohio State Jameis Winston can fling it, and this guy can go get it and make Michael Thomas happier than he’s been. Trent McDuffie, CB, Washington Even after the signing of J.C. Jackson, Brandon Staley can never have enough corners now that Russell Wilson has joined Patrick Mahomes and Derek Carr in the division. Treylon Burks, WR, Arkansas A 6-2, 225-pounder and YAC monster who complements DeVonta Smith better than Jalen Reagor does and gives Jalen Hurts a better chance to make his case because he plays faster than his 4.55 40 time. Tyler Smith, OT, Tulsa A physical, nasty, raw 6-5, 324-pounder to replace LT Terrod Armstead (Dolphins). Malik Willis, QB, Liberty Life After Big Ben begins with Mitch Trubisky, so Mike Tomlin can let his raw Quarterback of the Future redshirt as a rookie. Devin Lloyd, LB Utah A complete three-down linebacker with size (6-3, 236), speed (4.66) and leadership to help fill the void left by Dont’a Hightower and Jamie Collins. Jahan Dotson, WR, Penn State When A-Rod throws it to him, he will catch it. He won’t make cheeseheads forget Davante Adams, but he’s more than a 5-11, 183-pound slot. George Karlaftis, DE, Purdue A pass rusher is needed with Chandler Jones in Las Vegas and J.J. Watt now 33, so the Greek Freak is Kliff Kingsbury’s desert storm. Zion Johnson, G,  Boston College This is no longer the intimidating offensive line of yesteryear. A smart, athletic plug-and-play bookend for Zack Martin is needed to aid Zeke Elliott because LG Connor Williams left for Miami. And if he’s a bust, Stephen Jones picked him. Kaiir Elam, CB Florida No. 1 corner Tre’Davious White is rehabbing a torn ACL, and what if Josh Allen has to engage Patrick Mahomes in another playoff shootout? Christian Watson, WR, North Dakota State An athletic, big-play, 6-4 target with 4.36 speed who can return kicks and replaces Julio Jones. Lewis Cine, S, Georgia: He runs a 4.37 40 and hits, and Todd Bowles lost Jordan Whitehead to the Jets. Devonte Wyatt, DT, Georgia An explosive 304-pounder who could wreak havoc alongside Kenny Clark — but only if the club is comfortable with his character. Otherwise, gimme Houston DT Logan Hall. Boye Mafe, edge rusher, Minnesota Steve Spagnuolo gooses a pass rush that registered only 31 sacks last season in a division with Wilson, Carr and Justin Herbert. Dax Hill, S/CB, Michigan CB Charvarius Ward is a 49er now, and the Honey Badger may or may not return, so why not a versatile chess piece who can fill in just about everywhere in the secondary? Tyler Linderbaum, C, Iowa A gift, short arms and all, for Joe Burrow who enables Ted Karras to move to LG. Kenny Pickett, QB, Pittsburgh Ah, the fifth-year option to sit behind Jared Goff. Debated between him and Georgia LB Quay Walker.