This OnlyFans story has a different sort of happy ending. Kinky content creator Faith Lianne, 19, is speaking out about how the racy adult website has helped forge an unexpected bond with her parents — a year after they kicked her out of their house. Last March, the Floridian dropped out of college to follow a career path shared by so many these days: sharing risqué photos full time on OnlyFans. “These days, being a graduate seems so bleak with no guarantees that you’ll get a successful job,” Lianne explained in an interview with Jam Press. “I don’t come from a wealthy family and I didn’t want to start my life with debt from student loans.” The youngster sat her mom and dad down to explain her adult alternative to traditional education, but the pair only exploded with anger — and gave her the boot. “I tried to explain to them that having a degree no longer equates to the success it did when they were younger,” Lianne said. “[But] they gave me an ultimatum: continue studying or not live under their roof.” Lianne’s mom — who asked that her name be withheld for privacy reasons — also spoke out, explaining why she was so upset her daughter decided to ditch her studies. “I was devastated when Faith said she was dropping out of college,” the 48-year-old mama bear declared. “I thought she would have a job not better than a cashier somewhere, as that was my reality when I didn’t attend college myself.” Lianne left the family home and subsequently moved in with her brother, who she says was “supportive” of her raunchy new venture. Soon, Lianne’s OnlyFans exploded in popularity and she amassed tens of thousands of paying subscribers. The beauty also boasts more than 4.8 million fans on Instagram, including Snoop Dogg and Tyga. In the process, Lianne has amassed more than $1 million. “I bought a new house for $800,000 and got myself a Rolex, YSL and Gucci purses ,and a Louis Vuitton bag,” Lianne bragged. “I also spend about $1,000 every fortnight on new clothes for Instagram or OnlyFans pictures. I never wear the same thing twice.” In recent months, the stunner’s mom and dad have come around to their daughter’s unconventional career — and, ironically, have now moved into her plush new pad. The teen is also financially supporting her retired parents. Lianne has also become closer than ever with her brother, who now works as her manager. And the star says she has no regrets about dropping out of college and is optimistic about her future. “I love that OnlyFans has allowed me to afford this lifestyle,” she declared. “The plan is to make this my main line of work for as long as I can.”