When it comes to swimsuit coverups, there are so many different options. You can go with a chiffon maxi dress, a simple sarong skirt, a bohemian crochet vibe or even a simple T-shirt dress. If it contains SPF, even better! Finding a coverup that you feel great in and doesn’t break the bank, however, may be the hard part. Luckily, Amazon is a great place to shop for swimsuit coverups, and we’ve searched the retailer website high and low for the most reviewed picks available. Ahead, find great options to wear at the beach, by the pool and that even double as a cute summer dress to rock at your next BBQ party. Whether you’re looking for something extra protective like a UPF coverup or something sexy you can wear on your next vacation, we’ve got you covered. The best part? They’re all less than $35. Keep your arms free as a bird with this spaghetti strap coverup that comes in more than 40 different colors and patterns. For an effortless and extra beachy option, consider this trendy crochet coverup. Sarongs are always a great idea! This one is less than $15 and comes in dozens of colors. This Ekouaer beach dress can easily go from the pool to the town (or even dinner). It pairs well with any and all accessories and comes in 30+ colors including off-white, lime green and more. Who doesn’t love pom-poms? This simple but trendy coverup features adorable detailing and comes in a variety of different shades. This Jeasona coverup is another well-loved crochet option on Amazon.com with just under 6,000 raving reviews. If you enjoy a classic oversized fit, consider giving the Loritta coverup a try. The Wander Agio Coverup is chic and bound to look great on any body shape. For a budget-friendly kimono coverup, Amazon reviewers love this one by Dokotto. It’s available in 15 different designs. Everyone should own at least one coverup in the sun protective clothing category. This one by Willit is just $31 and contains SPF 50 to help keep your skin away from harmful UV rays. Featuring a V-neck and a knee-length hem, this is the ideal swing dress to throw on over any swimsuit. Wear it to the beach, throw it on for lunch or wear it as a dress to go shopping on a warm summer day — the options are endless. Choose from over 40 different colors to find your perfect match. You can also look forward to soft fabric, breathable material, a deep V-neck and 3/4 bell sleeves. Get ready to feel fabulous all summer long. This cover up features a tie closure, long sleeves, a plunging front and comes in nine colors. With a tie closure, cool material, lace patchwork and swing sleeves, this flowy cover up is a force to be reckoned with. Choose from an array of different colorways. Throw this tunic on over a swimsuit and call it a day. Details include a shallow v-neck, crochet material, short sleeves and a cinched waist. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content. 