A photo of Johnny Depp’s cocaine stash and a humiliating image of him “passed out” emerged in court Thursday as attorneys for his ex-wife Amber Heard grilled him on his alcohol and drug use. The Virginia jury was shown an image taken in March 2013 that showed Depp’s party supplies strewn across a table — complete with whisky, lines of cocaine, wine and even a Keith Richards CD. The actor acknowledged the photo was snapped at a time when he’d “fallen off the wagon.” Asked if he would often drink whisky in the morning, Depp elicited laughter from the courtroom when he replied: “Isn’t happy hour anytime?” The “Pirates of the Caribbean” star denied that he used to carry cocaine around in a tiny branded box — reading “Property of J.D.” — that was also spotted on the table. “But it looks like it would fit,” Depp added. The defense attorney noted that evidence from Depp’s previous defamation trial in the UK showed the actor had said that’s what the box was used for. Depp also testified during cross-examination that he’d previously done recreational drugs with famous friends including Marilyn Manson and Paul Bettany. Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial Asked if he’d done cocaine with Manson, Depp replied: “We’ve had cocaine together maybe a couple of times.” He then joked, “I once gave Marilyn Manson a pill so that he would stop talking so much.” In a 2012 text exchange with another friend, Depp allegedly wrote: “I use marijuana … A lot!!!! I take pot ….” Jurors were then shown a photo, which Depp admitted was taken in his recording studio, of a huge stash of marijuana. Later, jurors were shown an embarrassing image that Heard took of Depp “passed out” and covered in ice cream on a couch in Boston in 2014. Depp testified the photo was taken after he finished working a 17-hour day and took opioids. He claims Heard gave him the pint of ice cream because she “knew” he’d fall asleep, adding: “I wasn’t participating in the festival of ice cream.” “That was a wonderful picture for her to take,” Depp said on the stand. When the defense attorney asked if it was Heard’s fault the photo was taken, Depp shot back: “Well, she snapped it.” Depp had earlier disagreed with the defense attorney’s description of him being “passed out,” saying: “‘Passed out’ is an interesting way of putting it. Asleep?” Heard’s attorneys are trying to derail Depp’s defamation lawsuit against his ex-wife after she wrote a 2018 Washington Post opinion piece that Depp says defamed him and ruined his lucrative acting career. Heard indirectly accused Depp of domestic abuse in the article. But Depp has testified that Heard was actually the aggressor in their relationship. Her attorneys have argued that he can’t deny what happened because he was often drunk and high on drugs to the point of blacking out.