Russian soldiers have raped girls as young as 10 and burned swastikas into their victims’ bodies — while also booby-trapping a murdered mayor to blow up anyone trying to move his body, according to the latest reports of atrocities. “Russian soldiers loot, rape and kill,” insisted Lesia Vasylenko, a Ukrainian member of Parliament who is among those accusing Russia of genocide. “Children were found with their hands tied and shot dead. [Russian] soldiers killed them because they could!” tweeted the Kyiv-based politician among reports of hundreds massacred in the capital’s suburbs. Vasylenko said that “10-year-old girls” have been found with “vaginal and rectal tears” after being raped, while dead women have been found “with swastika shaped burns.” The official shared an image of one such Nazi symbol scarred into flesh, insisting it was found on the “tortured body of a raped and killed woman.” “I’m speechless. My mind is paralyzed with anger and fear and hatred,” she said. “Russian Men did this. And Russian mothers raised them. A nation of immoral criminals,” she wrote. “The ‘good’ Russians are burning their passports and no longer wish to be called Russian. The rest are Putin accomplices. And guilty of genocide of the Ukrainian nation,” she wrote. CONTENT WARNING: The dead include yet another mayor of a Kyiv suburb, this time in Hostomel — where the body was left out in public and rigged with explosives, the local archpriest told the Times of London. Archpriest Piotr Pavlenko said he rushed to retrieve the body of Mayor Yriy Pzylyko, his friend, when a turncoat Russian soldier warned him, “Don’t touch the body or it will explode and you’ll blow up with it.” Another member of parliament, Oleksandr Yurchenko, also told the UK paper that “women were raped, children were shot, people’s bodies were run over.” CONTENT WARNING: “We keep finding bodies,” the MP said, calling it “like a horror movie.” In neighboring Bucha, where disturbing images of bodies in the street emerged over the weekend, a local priest told the Telegraph that they had no choice but to use mass graves, where bodies remain in black trash bags. “We brought people here from the streets because the dogs were trying to eat the bodies,” Father Andriy Holovin told the outlet. “The hospital near here has run out of space. There was no space in the morgue. Now a lot of relatives are searching for their family members, but we couldn’t see a lot of the faces due to injuries.” The UK paper said it saw at least half a dozen civilian vehicles that crashed under heavy gunfire — some soaked in blood and at least one with a large sign reading “child” in Ukrainian. The horrific scenes have led many Western leaders to join Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in decrying the atrocities as “genocide.” However, Russia continues to deny attacking civilians, claiming that the scenes are staged by Ukraine as propaganda to intensify opposition to the Kremlin’s bloody war.