The “Jeopardy!” crew have a new head honcho to answer to. Following previous executive producer and sporadic host Mike Richards’ scandalous ousting last year, British producer Michael Davies is now the series’ newest showrunner. The Embassy Row productions president, 56, revealed on Thursday that he accepted the job offered by Sony Pictures Entertainment. “Today, I am delighted to announce that I have accepted Sony’s offer to become the show’s full-time executive producer,” Davies penned on the “Jeopardy!” blog. He continued, “I am both honored and humbled by the faith the studio and the staff have put in me. Over the next few months, the scope of our plans will become clear. But for now I just want to thank everyone in the ‘Jeopardy!’ community for your phenomenal support.” Previous projects that Davies has worked on include “Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?,” “Wife Swap” and GSN’s revival of “The Newlywed Game.” Davies was announced as the interim executive producer in August after Richards, 46, was fired from the gig. The Post has reached out to Sony for comment. Richards was booted out of “Jeopardy!” as host and producer after a series of sexist comments he made in an old podcast resurfaced. He apologized for his words in a statement, saying: “It is humbling to confront a terribly embarrassing moment of misjudgment, thoughtlessness, and insensitivity from nearly a decade ago.” “Looking back now, there is no excuse, of course, for the comments I made on this podcast and I am deeply sorry,” he added. Mayim Bialik and Ken Jennings are both on deck to continue their hosting duties for the rest of Season 38. Once that concludes, in July, Sony will make a decision regarding a permanent full-time host. Longtime emcee Alex Trebek died in November 2020. Fans were not huge supporters of Richards’ presence on the show during his short stint as host, advocating for other stars such as LeVar Burton, Katie Couric, Anderson Cooper or Dr. Oz to take the reins of the game show. Richards was hired to executive produce “Jeopardy!” and “Wheel of Fortune” in 2019.