So far, no one’s passed the test. Gabby, known on TikTok as @respectfullygabby, has shared her strict dating rules for men online, which include paying for dinner and caring about her safety. In her viral clip, which has been viewed more than 150,000 times, she said if the guy isn’t reaching for the check, it’s a red flag. “Let’s just stop this conversation and the back and forth, 50/50 bulls–t. First date, he needs to be paying 100 percent,” she said in the video, with the “Sex and the City” theme song playing in the background. “And if he’s not — then, like, goodbye.” She even recalled a recent date in Miami, Florida, when she and a guy she happened to run into shared a few drinks at a bar. At the end of the night, their Ubers were going in separate directions, but instead of hopping in his car as soon as it arrived, he offered to wait with Gabby until hers did, too. She did what anyone would do — politely declining as a nicety while secretly hoping he’d stay anyway. But he didn’t — and ditched her on the street alone at 4 a.m. “Immediately, no,” she said, adding that men should double-check that women made it home safely. “If you don’t care about my safety and making sure I get into my Uber safely, you’re done.” She offered up a crash course on modern-day chivalry for her male viewers who may not know what women expect. “This man failed my protection test, so he never heard from me again,” she said. “Men, you need to be walking her to her car, to her Uber, to wherever to make sure she gets home safely.” Other tests of Gabby’s involves her complaining that she’s cold when the guy is wearing some sort of outerwear — just to see if he’ll “give her the shirt off his back.” “If you don’t, you’re dead to me,” she said. Some people in the comments were quick to applaud Gabby for her raw honesty and high expectations. “The girls that get it, GET IT,” wrote one fan of her dating guidelines. “Normally I don’t agree with tests because it’s all about being sincere,” commented another, “but this is just common sense stuff to look out for the lady your with.” But others were quick to slam Gabby for her “tests,” offering that she should just “say what she means” instead of being cryptic. “Test this test that. What are we in high school? Stop with the games and communicate!! Way too grown for all this,” said one angered guy. “Next time don’t tell him its ok. I always let men wait,” wrote another. “Don’t tell them no as a test.”