Three major U.S. sports are in action Friday, but three sides are receiving particularly meaningful betting attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Friday, two NBA and five MLB sides satisfy a majority of the above criteria. Head here to get all eight sides, but here are three picks the report has identified in the meantime. The Suns opened as three-point underdogs to the Jazz in Salt Lake City, but we’ve tracked sharp money on the Suns that has pushed it down to two-and-a-half point underdogs. Additionally, big money has shown in favor of the Suns as well. As of this writing, the visitors have received only 31 percent of all spread bets, but 53 percent of the overall spread handle. That represents the second-largest percentage discrepancy amongst teams with under 32 percent of spread bets tonight. Finally, one Action Network PRO system is recommending the Suns tonight based on the aforementioned spread/money percentages. The “NBA Tickets vs. Money” system, which looks at teams with under 50 percent of bets and at least a nine percent upward discrepancy to tickets, has a 53-percent historical win percentage and four percent return on investment. The Rockets opened as 14-point underdogs to the Raptors, but we’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the visitors that has seen it drop to +12. Just like the Suns, too, the Rockets have attracted the attention of big-money bettors. At this writing, it has received only 39 percent of all spread bets, but 91 percent of the money. That represents the second-highest money percentage across today’s eight-game slate. Further, the same “NBA Tickets vs. Money” system reference above applies here based on those percentages. Lastly, our model projection gives an edge to the Rockets as Action Network power ratings suggest it should be only a nine-point underdog to the Raptors.  The Diamondbacks opened as +130 underdogs on the moneyline, but we’ve seen sharp action that has moved it down to +125. Arizona has simutlaneously seen some big money bets come its direction. As of this writing, it has received only 31 percent of all moneyline bets, but 78 percent of the overall handle. Finally, two top MLB experts for The Action Network are backing the Diamondbacks to pick up its second straight win Friday night, giving it three of five possible factors.