The 12-year-old boy who was shot to death in Brooklyn on Thursday night was remembered by friends in East Flatbush on Friday as a polite and quiet youngster – as police probed the possibility he and his family were targeted in a case of mistaken identity, law enforcement sources said. The boy’s barber and a co-worker of his mom at the Faith Beauty Salon in the neighborhood told The Post they were heartbroken by the news of his killing. The slain 12-year-old was identified by sources and a family member as Kade Lewin, who lived in Flatlands with his mother. “I’ve been cutting his hair for the last three years. He was here three weeks ago,” said the barber, a 52-year-old man who did not give his name. “He is a nice little boy — intelligent, always well-groomed,” the hairdresser said, adding that the boy used to wear his hair in a mohawk. Kade was shot in the head while he was sitting in a car at East 56th Street and Linden Boulevard in East Flatbush just after 7:45 p.m., police said. Investigators probing the shooting believe Kade and the woman were not the intended targets of the gunman, sources said. One source described them as a “church-going” family. Police believe the gunman opened fire from a stolen car with out-of-state plates after circling the block at least once, police sources said. Detectives are investigating if the shooter purposefully opened fire at the car, thinking someone else was inside, the sources added. The slain boy was shot in the head while he was sitting in a car at East 56th Street and Linden Boulevard in East Flatbush just after 7:45 p.m., police said. He was rushed to Kings County Hospital and pronounced dead, police said. Investigators believe the boy was eating dinner in the car with a 20-year-old relative and an 8-year-old girl when the gunshots rang out. The 20-year-old woman was shot multiple times, but is expected to survive, authorities said. The girl was not hit by the gunfire. The co-worker of the boy’s mother remembered him as a polite and kind child. “He is always right there with her — good son, good boy,” said the salon worker, who did not give her name. “It’s still bothering me. It’s a kid. I have a 10-year-old boy … They played Fortnite together online,” she added. Both the co-worker and the boy’s barber said they were fed up with the gun violence that has gripped the city in recent months. “The gun violence is too much. It’s sad, you know, it’s sad. It’s unreal. Only God can stop it. Who else?” the salon worker said. “That has to stop. Nobody is benefiting from it except Mr. Smith & Wesson — the ones who make the guns,” the barber added. “I saw a lot of police last night. I said it’s better to see a million police than one gunman.” Residents in East Flatbush were outraged and saddened by the horrific killing Friday. “They need to put a stop to it. [Guns] are in the hands of kids. If they don’t put a cap on it, it’s going to get worse.  They always hit the wrong targets. These people are not marksmen,” said 60-year-old Danny Sang. “We need the citizens’ help. Ain’t nothing more the police can do. Mayor Adams can’t do it alone. There is someone out there sitting on information right now,” he added. On Thursday night, Adams vowed to catch the killer – but blamed the outbursts of violence on a “revolving-door” system. “We’re going to catch this shooter. But as long as we have guns and a revolving-door system, we’re going to continue to come to crime scenes like this. It’s time for it to stop,” Adams said. No arrests have been made, and police have not released names of suspects or a motive in the shooting. Additional reporting by Khristina Narizhnaya