For some, the best curling irons and wands will do the trick to achieve luscious, long, full locks. For others, going the hair extensions route is necessary. Whether you’re off to a wedding (read: the best cocktail dresses and wedding guest dresses), back to the office (perhaps with a pair of work pants or wide-leg bottoms) or attending prom (if so, order your dress ASAP), some luscious locks could be the key to completing your look. Luckily, we pieced together a go-to guide for the best hair extensions to buy. We also consulted Priscilla Valles, celebrity hair extensionist, who gave us the 411 on all things clip-ins, tape-ins and more. “When it comes to extensions, you really pay for what you get,” Valles told the New York Post. “If an extension seems on the cheaper end it’s probably not the best quality of hair and you will be stuck replacing your sets pretty often — so it’s best to invest in a good quality set of extensions.” Valles also has her own hair extensions line with Glam Seamless, should you covet the celebrity haircare offering. What’s more, we wear hair extensions ourselves and, after years of use (from pageant experience and formal occasions), so we know them through and through. Long story short: they’re surely worth the investment. Ahead, find our complete list of this year’s best on the market. Plus, check out our FAQ for styling and maintenance tips. Click to jump to the best hair extensions: “Extensions are made several different ways, a lot of companies use hair from India because women give up their hair for religious beliefs,” Valles explains. “However, hair comes from all over the world depending on your vendor and the quality of hair you want to use.” After, the hair goes to manufacturers to get colored and then bonded, which is done in a variety of ways. To ensure your hair extensions stay in place all day, Valles shares a go-to guide: “You properly apply clip-in extensions by starting with clean sections using a rat tail comb [like this set of three for $6],” she begins. “If the comb is a teasing comb, that’s even better because you want to backcomb your section. Then, put hairspray on the backcomb section and clip the extensions in; this is the way to properly apply them to ensure they are secure.” To avoid seeing the clips — especially on thinner hair — make sure you have enough coverage hair (the section on the crown of your head) that lays on the extensions, she adds. After wearing your extensions, clip the clips closed, brush the extensions out, put a little dry shampoo on the root and brush through them, according to Valles. “I like to keep mine in a silk bag or even a zip lock bag,” she adds. “Washing them every six to 12 weeks depending on how much product is being used when you wear them.” As a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, Sarla’s 18″ No-Clip Hair Extensions are simple to apply and stay put, giving your hair much volume and definition. Available in every hair color shade you can possibly think of, these extensions are also customizable to 12″ to 22″ in size. If you prefer clip-in hair extensions to control how much volume and length you’d like for an occasion, pick up Goo Goo’s Clip-In Hair Extensions. Just over $100, they’re some of the best quality we’ve seen that are available straight on Amazon, coming in multiple colors. If you want bouncy curls without the high price tag of sewn-in extensions or packs that cost upwards of $300, Irresistible Me has a lovely set that makes your hair look full and gorgeous. They’re made of 100% human hair, too, and can dye or apply heat tools to them for styling. Finally — hair extensions Ariana Grande would approve of. This bouncy pony instantly revs up your hairstyle, able to be swooshed into a bun if you’d like a full top knot, too. Not to mention, the clip-ins are fairly priced and fully loaded locks. For maximum length, LullzBellz has 22″ Clip-In Hair Extensions that are just shy of $50. With 11 shades to choose from, you can heat these five clip-ins of luscious locks up to 180 degrees for effortless styling. As one of the thickest hair extensions on our list, Full Shine has a beautiful set (all strands made of 100% human hair, BTW) for increased volume and shine. Paired with your favorite curling iron or wand, it’s a must-grab. Donna Bella has some of the sleekest clip-in hair extensions that look natural, so we think they’re 100% worth the grab at Sally Beauty. Paired with the retailer’s best hair products, you’re golden. For textured hair, you can’t go wrong with True+Pure’s Texture Jasmine Coil Clip-In Extensions. They’re some of the most authentic we’ve come across, they’re ideal for that zig-zag, curly texture that’s difficult for most hair extensions to attain. Also, look at that volume! Conveniently offered at Ulta Beauty, Locks & Mane has fabulous hair extensions for less than $200 that make a tangible difference to your hair’s look and feel. The shade range is generous, too, made of 100% human hair with no backcombing required. For just $22, we don’t really have to see you on Deethens’ 20″ Clip-In Hair Extensions. The ends have this beautiful, natural wave for everyday wear, too, and also come in multiple shades to match your natural color. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.