BOSTON — Ben Simmons went through another contact workout Wednesday and made marked progress, so his Nets debut is looking more and more like a case of not if, but when. And the when could be as soon as Monday during Game 4 against the Celtics. “Yeah, he had a workout [Wednesday]. I think he came out OK,” coach Steve Nash said. “We’ll see how he feels [later], but it was another step, and so far so good.” Nash deflected reports the Nets were targeting a Game 4 debut. “That’s news to me,” Nash said. “I don’t think we’re targeting any game. I think we’re trying to see how he develops, how he progresses, and this is something that since the recent history with the trade has not been straightforward. “While it’s exciting to see him on the floor and to see him make progress, I don’t think any of us are saying it’s imminent. I think we’re gonna sit back and support him and see how far he gets, and if he’s able to play, that’d be great, but we haven’t penciled in anything, we haven’t made any conclusions yet. I think he’s got a long ways to go before he feels ready to play.” After arriving from the 76ers in a Feb. 10 trade, Simmons has been dealing with a herniated L-4 disk in his lower back. He didn’t play in the regular season, but now seems to be winning his race to return in the postseason. Upon being cleared for contact Monday, Simmons blew right through 1-on-1 and 3-on-3 work and went to 4-on-4 with the stay-ready group. He did contact work again before Game 2, which the Nets lost 114-107 to fall behind 2-0 in the series. “[Simmons] is coming along pretty good,” Nic Claxton said. “He definitely has a real good swagger about himself right now. So I think the whole world is ready to see him back out there, and he can definitely help us out in a lot of ways.” Though Simmons hasn’t been ruled out yet for Game 3 on Saturday at Barclays Center, a source close to Simmons told The Post that Monday is more likely. The Nets have benefitted from their Game 4 being later than everybody else’s. “From what I hear, it’s positive,” said Seth Curry, who played alongside Simmons in Philadelphia and arrived in the same trade. “But I haven’t seen it myself. I’m just hearing what people are saying. See what happens.”