The Giants finally made a pick Friday night in the second round of the 2022 NFL Draft, but not before “Trader’’ Joe Schoen moved down not once, but twice, before selecting Wan’Dale Robinson, a diminutive wide receiver from Kentucky. Perhaps Robinson, standing only 5-foot-8 and weighing 178 pounds, can be a big-play weapon in head coach Brian Daboll’s offensive system. The way he got to the Giants is the clearest indication yet of what Schoen and Daboll think of what they inherited on the roster. The first-year Giants general manager traded down in the second round not once, but twice, gaining an extra fourth-round pick (No. 114) and an extra fifth-round pick (No. 146). At the start of Friday night, the Giants owned the No. 36 overall pick in the second round. Schoen did not stay there for long. First, he pulled off a rare Giants trade with the Jets, moving out of No. 36 to move down two spots, to 38, gaining in return the Jets’ fifth-round pick. That gave the Giants back-to-back picks in the fifth round, the Jets’ pick (146) and their own pick (147). A moment later, Schoen did it again, trading down with the Falcons from No. 38 to No. 43 in the second round. The compensation return for this move was the Falcons’ fourth-round pick, No. 114 overall. After the maneuvers, Schoen and the Giants had eight picks between picks 43 and 146: One in the second round, two in the third, two in the fourth and three in the fifth. It gave the Giants 11 total picks in this draft. This was a predetermined plan for Schoen. He said he had the two trades worked out before the draft, as it was always his intention to trade out of the No. 36 spot. “We thought it was best for us at this time,’’ Schoen said. “More picks would benefit us the most based on who was on our board.’’ More picks means more opportunity to add young, affordable players chosen by Schoen and Daboll, rather than keeping players passed on from the past regime. When they finally made a selection, the Giants added a small, hybrid offensive player. Robinson started his college career at Nebraska and blossomed in 2021 at Kentucky, where he caught 104 passes for 1,348 yards and seven touchdowns. He has speed (4.38) and can be used in a variety of ways, out of the backfield, on jet sweeps and as a kick returner. Get the latest updates on every New York Giants pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, plus hometown analysis from the New York Post.  “Make sure they’re a fit for your team,’’ Daboll said. “What can they do for you. He’s versatile, got quickness, explosiveness, he’s tough for a smaller guy. A guy we’re anxious to get our hands on and work with.’’ If this seems as if it is a duplication with Kadarius Toney, last year’s first-round pick, well, it is. “Is that a bad thing?’’ Schoen said. “I’ll take as many of those guys as I can on the field.’’ Asked about the speculation that Toney was on the trade block, Schoen said, tersely, “We’re not shopping Kadarius Toney.’’ This pickup could affect the roster status of Darius Slayton, as the Giants continue to try to reduce their salary cap costs. Toney did not show up for the first two weeks of the voluntary offseason workout program and did not attend the voluntary minicamp. He did arrive this week for workouts. “Kadarius had a good week,’’ Daboll said. “It was good to see him, he jumped right in.’’ This is a new age for the Giants. Dave Gettleman, the former general manager, traded back only once in his career, moving down from No. 11 to No. 20 last year to take Toney. Before that, Jerry Reese in his 11 years as the general manager never traded down in a draft. Before that, Ernie Accorsi traded down in 2006 to get defensive end Mathias Kiwanuka. Daboll said he is unconcerned with Robinson’s lack of height, saying he has coached other small targets, mentioning Deion Branch with the Patriots and Isaiah McKenzie with the Bills. Too small? “I’ve heard that my whole entire career,’’ Robinson said. “Nothing new to me. Just know it’s another obstacle you have to overcome, what people think. To myself I don’t think it’s a challenge. “I always felt I was talented enough to be picked this early. I just felt somebody had to believe in me and not believe in the hype thing and just believe in the football player.’’