Controversial feminist author Jill Filipovic is preaching the “overwhelmingly negative consequences” of stay-at-home moms — and social media watchdogs are coming for her. Filipovic, 38, detailed her stance that these mothers create “worse, more sexist” men — and women who are “psychologically and emotionally worse off” — in a now-viral Twitter thread published on Tuesday. Expanding on her latest Substack essay — “It’s a bad idea to pay women to stay home” — the Brooklyn-based writer-lawyer tweeted her thoughts on the subject in response to a recent New York Times guest column espousing the merits of paying parents to stay home. “The problem with paying people to stay home with kids, though, is that (1) we’re overwhelmingly not talking about ‘people,’ we’re talking about mothers; and (2) pushing women out of work comes with overwhelmingly negative consequences,” begins the thread by the outspoken author of the 2020 book “OK, Boomer, Let’s Talk: How My Generation Got Left Behind.” Filipovic noted that families that are set up in a more traditional sense — a k a, per her thread, the “carer/earner nuclear family model” — is a historical oddity “that is tremendously isolating and often financially devastating for the carer (almost always a woman).” “It also reinforces the gendered division of labor, which ripples out to all women,” she continued. She then recommended a “robust social welfare state” instead of “paying mothers a small stipend.'” “More mothers at home makes for worse, more sexist men who see women as mommies. Men with stay-at-home wives are more sexist than men with working wives,” the lawyer said, declaring her views on gender relations to the Twitter-verse. “[Men] don’t assess women’s workplace contributions [fairly]; and they are less likely to hire and promote women.” Filipovic claimed that “stay-at-home mothers are psychologically and emotionally worse off than working mothers by just about every measure.” She alleged that these moms suffer from anger, depression and anxiety. She also suggested “a better model” is to have a paid parental leave policy that “heavily incentivizes men to take significant time off of work, too.” “Especially in the earliest weeks,” she continued. ” [A} child can be cared for at home by its parents for the first year of life. Then universal high-quality childcare [can be added].” The Seattle native concluded that the powers that be should “just give people a little extra money when they have babies, and don’t consign people to living in poverty.” Filipovic asserted that “several European countries have child payments, and that makes sense.” Some commenters on the social media platform agreed with the author’s point of view — while many others dove into hardcore defenses of a woman’s right to choose stay-at-home motherhood over a career. “Why not just let women choose? Not everyone wants to sit in a windowless cubicle all day. Some women love the freedom and fresh air. Not everyone is wired for the rat-race,” contended one social media commenter. Another Twitter critic offered a personal anecdote: “Um, my mother was never more miserable than when she stayed home. Physical abuse of me ensued. I never worked or laid a finger on either of my kids nor would I. I contest your conclusion.” “Yes yes yes to alllll of this,” one exclaimed. Another added, “Exactly! Women expect too much these days, but that’s their business and I try not to worry about what they think.” Yet another wondered, “Why are Americans so desperately wanting to change America’s foundational qualities? Self reliance is what America is all about, not turning America into our Neighboring Countries who base their constitutions on Ours. We are the Example, not a Work in Progress.” Meanwhile, this isn’t Filipovic’s first brush with internet infamy via since-deleted Twitter-thread rants: In 2018, she encouraged wives to “Divorce your Republican husbands” after the confirmation of Justice Brett Kavanaugh — and warned Democrats in 2020 to pledge “no white guys will run for president next cycle.”