A statue outside Citi Field honoring The Franchise was only the first masterpiece the Mets unveiled Friday. Inside the ballpark, a combination of strong starting pitching Tom Seaver would have appreciated and four mighty clouts turned the home opener into a festive celebration of past and present. Chris Bassitt muzzled the Diamondbacks for six innings and Francisco Lindor led a four-homer barrage by going deep twice in the Mets’ 10-3 victory before a sellout of 43,820 on the 75th anniversary of Jackie Robinson breaking MLB’s color barrier. Lindor homered from both sides of the plate, giving the home fans a taste of the player they expected last year, a season in which he underperformed after arriving from Cleveland. Brandon Nimmo and Mark Canha, both of whom tested positive for COVID 19, were absent from the team. Bench coach Glenn Sherlock also tested positive and was absent. The victory was the Mets’ third straight and sixth in eight games to begin the season. In home openers, the Mets are now 40-21. Jeff McNeil moved into the leadoff spot in Nimmo’s spot and was on base to start the first and third innings, both of which included Pete Alonso sacrifice flies that gave the Mets a 2-0 lead. Robinson Cano homered in the fourth – his first blast since returning from a PED suspension that cost him all of last season. In the fifth, Lindor followed Starling Marte’s single with a blast into the right-field porch that extended the Mets’ lead to 5-0. The Mets got another run in the seventh on Eduardo Escobar’s RBI double. In the eighth, Marte delivered a three-run blast and Lindor followed with his second homer of the game. Bassitt, in his first career appearance in Queens, allowed one run on two hits and two walks with a hit batsman over six innings, departing after 98 pitches. The right-hander had pitched six shutout innings in his Mets debut last weekend in Washington. Daulton Varsho homered leading off the sixth for Arizona, the only blemish on Bassitt’s line. The Mets began the day with a 1.29 ERA from the starting rotation and ended it at 1.32. Chasen Shreve and Drew Smith each pitched a scoreless inning in relief for the Mets before Sean Reid-Foley surrendered two runs in the ninth. The victory was the Mets’ 11th straight against Arizona at Citi Field.