DETROIT — Whatever happened to the Bronx Bombers? The Yankees went down quietly, 3-0, to the Tigers on Thursday afternoon at Comerica Park — shut out for the third time in the first 13 games of the season. After hitting nine homers in their first six games, they’ve hit just two over the past seven. While they were able to squeak out wins over Detroit in the previous two games, their lack of power and execution doomed them on Thursday, when they were going for a sweep. “When you’re struggling to score runs or not hitting the ball in the seats, like we haven’t on this trip, you’ve got to take advantage of the opportunities you get,’’ Aaron Boone said. “And we were unable to do that.” The issue was especially glaring in the top of the eighth, when the Yankees trailed by just a run and created a scoring chance off right-hander Alex Lange. Josh Donaldson, pinch hitting for Marwin Gonzalez, led off with a double to left and was replaced at second by pinch-runner Tim Locastro. Gleyber Torres — pinch hitting for Jose Trevino — followed with an infield single to shortstop, with Locastro getting to third. But with runners on the corners, Aaron Hicks popped out to short. Aaron Judge walked to load the bases, forcing Lange from the game. Left-hander Gregory Soto came on to face Anthony Rizzo and got Rizzo to hit a slow comebacker. Soto fielded it and made the throw to force Locastro at home for the second out. Giancarlo Stanton, in a 1-for-17 slump, grounded to first to end the threat. And that was as close as they got. “It’s extremely frustrating,’’ Hicks said of his at-bat. “Especially in that situation with no outs, you have to get the guy in — or at least over — and I wasn’t able to do it.” It helped waste a terrific outing by Jordan Montgomery, who gave up just one run in six innings. “He gave us six strong,’’ Boone said. “We’ve got to make that stand up.” Ex-Yankee Michael Pineda, in his first start of the season, limited his former team to just a two-out single by Rizzo in the first in the early going. The Yankees fell behind in the third, as Robbie Grossman’s one-out double to the wall in left scored Victor Reyes from first to make it 1-0. The Yankees threatened in the fifth after a leadoff single by DJ LeMahieu and a one-out hit by Isiah Kiner-Falefa sent LeMahieu to third. But Gonzalez, who got the start at third base in place of a resting Donaldson, flied to short right field and Trevino hit one to deep center, where Reyes tracked it down. Through 13 games, the Yankees have still scored more than five runs just once — when they put up six runs on Opening Day against the Red Sox, and even that took 11 innings. Their issue with runners in scoring position shows no signs of going away, as they went just 1-for-7 Thursday, leaving seven runners on base. Without the consistent threat of the long ball, the offense doesn’t look so tough. Boone said he didn’t know why the home runs have been lacking. “That’s a part of our game and something we’ve got to get going,’’ Boone said. “When we’re not doing that and we get opportunities [to score] we’ve got to take advantage.” Perhaps the upcoming six-game homestand that begins Friday against the Guardians, with Baltimore to follow, will help. For now, Hicks is as baffled as Boone, but added, “I know in the end, the results will be there.”