A Bronx teen has been charged with murder in the fatal shooting of 16-year-old Angellyh Yambo, NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell announced Saturday. Jeremiah Ryan, 17, was also hit with charges of attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon in the death of Yambo and the shooting of two other other teens, who survived. “It was less than 24 hours ago that this Bronx neighborhood experienced a serious and tragic sense of loss of a young life. An act of violence by an emboldened individual that also wounded two young New Yorkers,” Sewell said at a news conference at the 40th Precinct in the Bronx. “While Angellyh’s loved ones are devastated, we can pray that this arrest brings them some sense of solace,” the commissioner added. Yambo was walking home when she was slain a block from University Prep Charter High School. The two other teens who were shot, one 16 and one 17, are expected to survive. Yambo and the other female victim were approximately a half a block away from the shooter, the third victim was a full block away, NYPD Deputy Chief Timothy McCormack said.. He said six shell casings were recovered from the scene. Ryan was arguing with about four others when one of the group made a motion as if he was going for a weapon — prompting Ryan to pull his gun and start shooting, a witness told The Post. Homicide detectives and the NYPD crime scene unit executed a search warrant early Saturday at Ryan’s home, and were seen leaving with four large bags of evidence. The teen was identified by investigators who scoured surveillance video. When police officers went to Ryan’s home around 12:30 a.m. Saturday, he slammed the door on them, sources said. At the same time, patrol officers who were downstairs saw his hand go out the window and drop a bag with a gun — believed to be an untraceable ghost gun — in it, sources said. The teen’s mom eventually let the police in and they went to the precinct together, sources said. Asked how a teen-ager got his hands on a ghost gun and how parents could feel safe sending their children out, McCormack said he did not have answers. “We have two families that are completely destroyed right now. Our victim’s family and our shooter’s family. A hard working woman, raising a child that has zero police contact at all and he goes from smoking marijuana to killing somebody,” McCormack said. McCormack said the case wasn’t finished. “It’s just the beginning. We are still processing crime scenes. We are still doing work with Jeremiah,” he said. The teen was not a gang member, but had fallen in with the wrong crowd, sources said. Police haven’t directly tied the ghost gun they recovered to Yambo’s killing. The NYPD has recovered 131 ghost guns from Jan. 1 through Wednesday, a 351 percent increase over the 29 it recovered during the same period last year. Ryan’s grandfather, Ricardo Santiago, 70, told The Post his grandson was a “good kid” who was attending school. He said his daughter called to tell him he had been picked up by police. “I said ‘What the hell’ when she called,” the grandfather said. “It was so sudden it’s unbelievable. I don’t think he did it. They just got him at the precinct trying to scare him. That’s how the police do things. I’m born and raised in the Bronx. I know.” The three victims were not friends, and were just walking in close proximity to one another when the bullets started flying, the sources said. One of the surviving victims, who was shot in the leg, is the cousin of Channel 4 reporter Myles Miller, the journalist said in a video posted to Twitter. McCormack said the violence began when a man started “gesturing to somebody” across the street, pulled a gun and started firing as school kids walked nearby after class. Additional reporting by Georgett Roberts and Dana Kennedy