Oh, to be as privileged as a Black Lives Matter founder! Entitled former BLM leader Patrisse Cullors’ latest complaint is that standard financial disclosure forms are “triggering” and “unsafe.” You see, in a panic after the 2020 killing of George Floyd, corporate America dumped roughly $90 million on the national BLM group, which then used part of the windfall to quietly buy some premium real estate for its leaders’ enjoyment. New York magazine recently exposed BLM’s October 2020 purchase of a $5.8 million Studio City, Calif., mansion, reporting that Cullors rapidly denounced as a “racist and sexist” attack because . . . well, as best we can tell, because she’s a woman and “black” is part of BLM’s name. To be fair, that tactic worked before: A year ago, Facebook quashed The Post’s reporting on Cullors’ personal purchase of four homes, totaling $3.2 million, flagging the story as “abusive” and a violation of the platform’s privacy policies. Per the NY Mag piece, BLM leaders have long worked behind the scenes, “using their influence” with social-media platforms to suppress such embarrassing news. The piece further laid out internal fights over BLM spending as far back as 2016, culminating in 10 local chapters “rebuking the global network for its opacity” in fall of 2020. When the $90 million windfall landed, BLM’s leaders hired primo fixers Perkins Coie LLP (the same firm that conned the FBI and the entire establishment media into the bogus Russiagate investigation) to set up the current Black Lives Matter Global Network Foundation to manage the newfound fortune. Such lawyers can handle all the foundation’s tax filings (though BLMGNF has found it impossible to actually file on time), but Cullors calls the requirement (the same as for any charity) “deeply unsafe,” since the public learning of this spending means BLMers get “attacked and scrutinized” for questionable moves. Moves such as the summer 2021 transfer of $6.3 million to M4BJ, a nonprofit started by Cullors’ wife, Janaya Khan, to buy a historic 10,000-sq. ft. property in Toronto. Yep, just because you get to operate tax-free is no excuse to be burdened by paperwork. Meanwhile, it’s still not clear who’s actually in charge at BLMGNF, which is apparently still sitting on $60 million from its windfall: Cullors officially quit her leadership post after The Post exposed her personal spending spree, but her announced replacements never took the job — and she’s sure still talking as if it’s all about her. “Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel,” goes the old saw, but these days it looks to be crying “racism.”