Baker Mayfield may not be on the board in the 2022 NFL Draft, but he’s certainly one of the buzziest names heading into Thursday night’s first round. Mayfield, currently the odd-man-out on the Browns’ quarterback carousel after the team signed Deshaun Watson, is said to be drawing interest around the league, according to Cleveland.com’s Mary Kay Cabot. “A handful of teams have expressed interest in trading for Baker Mayfield,” Cabot reported Thursday, including the quarterback-needy Panthers, who Mayfield, 27, has been linked to in the past. Cabot also noted that yet-to-be-identified teams could step into the light in the coming days, “depending on how the draft falls.” The Seahawks, an organization also loosely tied to Mayfield, could potentially be a team in the market. Mayfield has distanced himself from the Browns since the team inked Watson to a blockbuster deal in March — five years, $230 million, fully guaranteed. Mayfield also said he felt “disrespected” by the club, which drafted him first overall in 2018. Should there be an emerging Mayfield sweepstakes between the Panthers and Seahawks, who traded franchise quarterback Russell Wilson to the Broncos in March, it’s possible a third contender enters the race. The Texans could potentially be in the mix for Mayfield or another starter currently in quarterback limbo, San Francisco’s Jimmy Garoppolo, according to The Athletic’s Jeff Howe. With limited quarterback options in this year’s quarterback class, a team turning to Mayfield isn’t out of the realm of possibility, but, “at what price,” is the question mark. Mayfield played through injury for much of 2021, and underwent shoulder surgery on his on-throwing shoulder in January. He helped lead Cleveland to the playoffs in 2020. The Browns, meanwhile, formally introduced Watson last month, with the controversial quarterback maintaining his innocence amid lawsuits from 22 women alleging sexual assault. Follow live coverage of the 2022 NFL Draft with pick-by-pick updates, analysis and more from the New York Post. Though two grand juries in Texas declined to indict Watson, he could still face suspension from the league in regard to the active 22 civil cases against him. 