If you have a bundle of Amazon gift cards saved, it’s now the time to let those earned-over-time credits be put to good use. On dresses, which, understandably, is a well-warranted purchase to make that’s fit for any occasion — and a purchase Carrie Bradshaw and Rachel Green would be proud of. Though we’re obsessed with the cocktail dresses, summertime-ready white dresses and work dresses we rounded up, there’s nothing like a less-than-$50 purchase that will arrive promptly at your door in two days. We’re giving Amazon all the love today. And quite honestly, our carts are already full to the brim (including some of Amazon’s 90 best-selling products). Oh, and if you want to make full use of your gift card, check out the best Amazon beauty products shoppers are eyeing right now. Ahead, find the 15 best Amazon dresses under $50 that you can wear with a pair of tights for cooler temps or the comfiest heels all year round. We hope you treat yourself today (and every day following, TBH). As the self-proclaimed perfect work dress that’s equally as lovely for a picnic, this unique floral number has us all swooning. The larger floral perimeter coupled with delicate detailing and puff sleeves is a sight to add to your cart. Available in many colors is FancyInn’s Long-Sleeve Shift Tunic Dress. It’s breezy, casual and would look dynamite with a trench coat for an urban commute, too. We love lilac and this girly option is modest, flattering and ideal for any occasion — from a corporate event to a baby shower. Plus, it comes in other prints and is just $26. This wannabe romper is one we have our eyes on. From the v-neckline to the ruffle sleeves, this tie-waist option is great for all seasons and all types of wear. As a lovely flowy dressed that still offers some shape, this floral sleeveless option is one to steal right now. It’s just over $30 and is also offered in plus sizes. How dreeamy is this sky blue style? This gorgeous chiffon has the daintiest dotted pattern we’ve ever seen and looks high-end-designer chic. And, aside from light pastels it’s also available in some moody tones, like burnt orange and army green. Let’s be real — you need a go-to white dress in your wardrobe. Kirundo’s Sleeveless Pleated Dress is as affordable as $12 and, truthfully, you’ll want to snag just about every color it’s offered in. We don’t want to choose a favorite but, if we had to, this one is up there in this roundup. Sage green is a timeless color that blends into winter and spring alike. Plus, the square neck top and flowy puff sleeves is complimentary on any body type. We would so write this dress a love letter (and not just because it’s in a Valentine’s Day-toned color). The simplicity of this dress makes it fitting to pair with dainty jewelry (perhaps from one of our go-to affordable fine jewelry brands). If there’s one thing we learned over the past year, it’s that colorblocking is 100% still in style. This flowy T-shirt dress comes in other prints, too, and boasts a generous size range. We can’t skip over the maxi. This upscale-minded tiered style comes in other colors and is perfect if you want a flattering option that doesn’t just hang (we’ve all experienced that fit at one point). Great to toss on for a weekend out with friends, we can’t believe this floral dress is just $23. The v-neckline and short sleeve detail — oh, and that gorgeous print — deem it one of our most coveted styles in this edit. As an Amazon best-seller, this wrap dress is affordable, comes in tons of colors and is great if you work a corporate job or need a dress for an upcoming wedding, especially. The waist area is also super flattering with this number. We’re all heart eyes for gingham this year. Add a pair of sunglasses to your look and you’ll be hopping right off a Pinterest board. Adorable is a pure understatment when talking about Kirundo’s Chiffon Swiss Dot Shift Dress. This less-than-$30 option has the girliest sleeve detailing and flattering design that landed it a place in our shopping carts. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.