Music’s biggest night is back. Gathering all of the top musicians in the country, the 64th annual Grammy Awards are sure to be one of the hottest music events of 2022. After a year of dancing to Dua Lipa’s “Levitating,” belting out Olivia Rodrigo’s “Good 4 U” and sobbing to Taylor Swift’s 10-minute version of “All Too Well,” the competition for this year’s awards is tight. The show will be held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas — the first time the event will take place in Sin City. Sunday night also will be the first time the Grammys return to a full-swing, in-person ceremony since the coronavirus pandemic began. The Academy made several changes to the show this year, including adding two new categories: Best Global Music Performance and Best Música Urbana Album. The changes come as an attempt to be “transparent and equitable” in response to last year’s controversy that began after The Weeknd was completely shut out of the nominations. Several of the biggest categories are filled with huge names in music. After being postponed for several months due to COVID, the Grammys will air on Sunday, April 3, beginning at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET. The music awards show airs exclusively on CBS. The awards ceremony can also be streamed live by signing into CBS.com and via the CBS app on smart TVs. Paid subscription services including AT&T TV, FuboTV, Hulu + Live TV, Sling and YouTube TV will also air the ceremony — and some offer free trials for new users. The show will also stream on Paramount+ and Grammy.com. “The Daily Show” comic Trevor Noah will host the Grammys for the second year in a row. “Why would I not want to do the Grammys? First of all, it’s a front-row ticket to the best music concert of all time,” he told Variety. “I don’t care who you are, you love music.” Lady Gaga, BTS, Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Brothers Osborne, Carlile and Lil Nas X with Jack Harlow will perform some of their popular hits. The Foo Fighters were originally scheduled to perform, but have canceled all of their upcoming shows — including their Grammys appearance — to grieve the recent death of drummer Taylor Hawkins. Jon Batiste leads the nominations, racking up 11 at this year’s awards show. Justin Bieber, Doja Cat and H.E.R. follow behind with eight nods each. Billie Eilish and Olivia Rodrigo are were each nominated seven times. BTS, Kanye West, Coldplay, Brothers Osborne, Lil Nas X, Taylor Swift, Kacey Musgraves, Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion, Baby Keem, Kendrick Lamar, Brandi Carlile, Silk Sonic, Jazmine Sullivan, Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga also have the chance to bring home a golden gramophone statue. In one of the biggest awards of the night, Batiste’s “We Are,” Bennett’s and Gaga’s “Love for Sale,” Bieber’s “Justice (Triple Chucks Deluxe),” Doja Cat’s “Planet Her (Deluxe),” Eilish’s “Happier Than Ever,” H.E.R.’s “Back of My Mind,” Lil Nas X’s “Montero,” Rodrigo’s “Sour,” Swift’s “Evermore” and Kanye West’s “Donda” have all been nominated for Album of the Year.