Approximately 3,300 burglaries happen per day with over 1 million burglaries committed each year in the U.S. While those are big, daunting numbers, there is another that highlights a key contributor: 300% of homes without a security system are more likely to be burglarized. Unfortunately, less than 30% of homes have an effective security system installed. Don’t fall into the less than 30% of those without a home security system. Instead, help prevent burglaries from occurring and protect your home. To help you find the right home security camera to keep you and your loved ones safe, we listed top security camera brands below, such as Blink, Ring, Night Owl and more. You can also discover the best home safes to protect your belongings here. 4.5/5 stars, 175,882 ratings With both day and night HD video, the Blink Mini delivers two-way audio, motion detection and a simple set up 4.7/5 stars, 54,945 ratings ratings With the ability to see, hear and speak to others via your phone, tablet or echo device, this indoor camera is both protective and useful. You can even connect multiple indoor cameras to the Ring device and unlock all-around home viewing using the Ring app. 4.3/5 stars, 500 ratings Made for both the indoors and outdoors, this weatherproof pack of cameras provide optimal surveillance for your space. Note that this is a wired offering. 4.1/5 stars, 7,709 ratings With the ability to record a clear picture and capture a wide viewing angle, this Arlo camera will watch over a large space of your home. Further features include night vision, cellular notifications, two-way audio and more. 4.4/5 stars, 217 ratings Compatible with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, this security camera system delivers smart motion detection, color night vision and a compatible app for monitoring anywhere. 4.6/5 stars, 9,443 ratings This wireless home security camera features a 180-day battery life, detailed night vision, human recognition technology (meaning a cat won’t set off your alarm) and a weatherproof build. 4.5/5 stars, 935 ratings With four cameras and eight various channels, you’ll be able to successfully monitor each corner of your home — backyard included. Best of all, this system also detects heat and motion delivering reliable security. 4.4/5 stars, 111,181 ratings If you’re looking for a wireless option, this is the one for you. It’s battery-operated, made for the outdoors, built to withstand rain and shine and designed for easy setup. 4.2/5 stars, 2,011 ratings Delivering a cost-effective price point, the Rollgan security camera is wireless, can be paired with the coinciding app and provides a clear image. This secuirty camera also allows for two-way audio and is weatherproof. 4.5/5 stars, 5,831 ratings At a moderate price, this Google Nest security camera provides 24/7 video, clear images, alerts, easy installation and weatherproof construction. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.