Let’s dive into the depths of our feelings! Prepare to experience a major shift in the energy of our lives as mighty Mars, the planet of sex, passion and drive leaves beyond the realm of Aquarius to dive into the deep, tropical seas of Pisces. When it comes to love, desire, pleasure or war—we’ll become consumed by our innermost emotions. Mars—a planet of ego, intensity and fire—will charge into Pisces from April 14 and remain until May 24, 2022. However, the natural energy of Mars will not feel comfortable in this realm of the sky because it is very incompatible with the natural vibration of Pisces—a water sign. Mars is direct and aggressive—but Pisces is not whatsoever. This will cause us to become more confused about our motives, plans and projects, as whatever we may initially had believed was the best way to proceed may actually become cast beneath a fog. When it comes to our sex lives in the weeks ahead, there will be a greater focus on exploring spiritual and soulmate connections. Singles have a hot chance of finding a twin flame—perhaps even true love. However, there’s also going to be just as much probability of meeting someone and over idealizing them if you charge in too fast. Gaslighting, psychological games and straight up Tinder swindlers? Yes, they will be on the prowl even more than usual! Couples can use this time to work as a team to communicate their intimate desires in soft and sensitive ways, as well as further explore sexual experimentation. Because Pisces is a water sign, our sensitivity will be fired up immensely. Taking things personally could happen now—but so could the sudden desire to fall overwhelming in lust or love. In general, though, motivation may wane significantly, as we hunger to pursue emotional or spiritual goals, rather than productivity or traditional plans. Getting things done may feel as if we’re moving at a glacial pace, as we may be more prone to distraction, recreation, burnout or a desire for relaxation. Moving from A to Z won’t happen—instead, we may find that we are spinning in a sea of uncertainty. On one hand, this can allow us to dive into our own inner worlds, embracing creativity, romance or mysticism. On the other, it can cause us to become so lost in confusion, delusion and illusion that we end up making things more complicated for ourselves and stumble into self-sabotage or danger. Psychic abilities will be enhanced during this period—so if you practice meditation, yoga or energy work, your natural talents will be strengthened and those who wish to learn may be able to find a karmic connection or a mentor. Hot tips: try tantric sex, sex magick, soft massages or breath work. Meditate with a lover. Cuddle, snuggle, take a nap together and get naked. Use edibles or legal recreational drugs to expand your consciousness. Project porn on the wall and watch it. Act out fantasy role-playing, dress-up, drag, pantyhose, nylons, latex or get into submission. Feeling hella kinky? Try water sports or enemas. Take a peek into a mini horoscope of what your zodiac sign will be focused on in the weeks to come—beyond just hot sex. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Don’t forget to check out your monthly horoscope by me, too! Take. A. Chill. Pill. Aries! As Mars dives into the most hidden part of your sky, you will be feeling the intense need for rest, relaxation and solitude. On one hand, you could find that you’re feeling totally burnt out and your anxiety is through the roof—and if this is the case, consult a therapist or give yourself permission to lie low and rejuvenate. On the other hand, you might be cranking away at an important project behind-the-scenes that has a tight deadline, so buckle up and get a’moving! You are fierce and fabulous as ever right now, Taurus! As Mars chugs an energy drink in your social sphere, you can guarantee that you’re spending a lot of time circulating with many friends, pals and sexy peeps! You could be hard at work on a cool group project near this time, too, as well as chasing a heartfelt hope or ambition that is now just around the corner. Last to note is that if you’re single, do not miss this time to mingle, and TBH: online dating or meeting a hottie through your network will make the stars align! Oh, hey, Gemini, you ready to see your name in lights? You soon could be! With Mars dancing around your head like a crown, you’re the main event and making a ton of progress in your professional life. Awards, promotions and big projects could now be raining down from the sky. If you’d like to launch a major initiative or instead apply for a better firm, know that you could see a big win if you do so. However, if you’re instead feeling frustrated in your job, it could be the reality check you need to move in a new direction. It’s time to get busy in new directions, Cancer, and with Mars firing up your sector of expansion, you may now be able to fly freely toward the horizons. Some Cancers could now decide it’s time to travel or plan a trip in the year to come, while others may be doing business overseas or connecting with international audiences. Feeling the urge to head back to school or get a new degree? The motivation may now strike. Last, some Cancers could become highly involved in a media or publicity-related project. Turn up the sultry music, light the candles and bust out your sexiest outfit because you may be ready to wine-and-dine your significant other, Leo—especially with the end motive of being oh, so intimate! Sex, connection and being close will be a top priority—but if for some reason you’re not feeling that your needs are being met, expect a sense of tension. Last to note is that with Mars in your sector of sharing, it may actually increase your focus around assets, investments and settlements, so use the firepower to handle anything that pops up now. As Mars dances across the sky from you, partnership will be a primary concern for you, Virgo. On one hand, this could see you working arm-in-arm with a significant partner in business, love or collaboration, tackling major projects and endeavors. Yet, if you and a S.O. aren’t on the same wavelength, you could instead be at each other’s throats! This, too, goes for open enemies or competitors who may be throwing bombs in your path. Overall, though, if you’re with the right person, you may be focusing more on commitments, engagements and long-term plans. Sorry, singles, you’re a little less favored with this vibe, but if you put yourself out there to pursue someone with long-term potential, you could win gold. Pick up the pace, Libra, you’re going to need a steady drip of caffeine to juggle all of the many things about to fill your calendar! Luckily, with the aid of Mars, you could now find that you’re able to streamline your plans and be more productive than ever. Use this firepower to not only handle every project that crosses your employment desk, but to also make time to improve your diet, fitness and physical health. If an illness pops up, do everything to prioritize tackling it so it doesn’t spiral into chronic fatigue. Let the fire of love erupt within your heart and soul, Scorpio! As Mars ignites your sector of passion, you’ll be in the mood for romance, sex and fun. Singles will enjoy this exciting energy the most, as it’s the green light from the universe to set up as many dates as possible and try to meet someone new. Chemistry could be off the charts! Couples can share in this feisty vibe, too, by setting aside time to reignite the spark between you or instead try for a new child or spend some time with one of the ones they already have. Prepare to become quite busy around family or domestic situations, Sagittarius! As Mars charges into this sphere, you could realize it’s time to move, renovate or redecorate. Some Sagittarians may instead be spending more time with their families or even hosting gatherings at their space. If involved in real estate, this energy could also push you to attack some of these things, as well. Last to note is that if there’s been any tension with your kindred in recent times, this feisty energy could lead to an explosive conflict, so do your best to breathe through it and speak from the heart. Get ready for your pace of life to become quite fired up, Capricorn! Many exhilarating ideas will fill your head, as you now feel propelled to engage in exhilarating and impassioned conversations. Some Capricorns may be deeply invested in a communications-related project at this time, such as renovating a website, fixing up their portfolio or signing a big contract. Last to mention is that some Capricorns could be eager to take some short-distance trips to nearby locales, especially if catching up with siblings. Wealth will be on the top of your mind, Aquarius, but with Mars in your financial sector, you could find that you’re burning through it faster than you’re making it! This is an excellent time to assess your budget, comb through your income and expenses and truly understand everywhere your capital is going. If you are required to make a big purchase now, see if you can find a way to negotiate a little bit in your favor. It’s finally “all systems go,” Pisces—and this means that you will have even more power than any recent memory. With so much cosmic energy in your zodiac sign, this means that you have a rare opportunity to command the world around you, use the strength to manifest your desires and easily bend all matters in your favor. You’ll be more charismatic, hypnotic and attractive now, too, so no matter if you prefer to use this vibe personally or professionally, now is the time to seize the reins of your destiny. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.