If you’re like us, you’re all about new launches — especially if they’re from top brands you’re already obsessed with. But sometimes it can be difficult to know if a new launch is even worth your buck. After all, you don’t want to drop your wallet on something that just doesn’t cut it. That’s why we put our heads together and scoured the web for all of the best new launches. Keep reading to discover new launches from top brands such as Our Place, Ulta Beauty, Spanx, Sperry and more. And yes, they are all so worth it. Chose a section below to shop this article by category: “REFY brings an all-new lip collection featuring a Lip Sculpt and Lip Gloss that I am obsessed with! It allows you to sculpt, set and gloss. What more could you want in a lippie?” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “The beloved brand Dunkin’ is dipping its donut into the world of makeup, with a brand new seven-piece collection with e.l.f. Cosmetics. The whole line-up is fresh, hot and ready to purchase today at Ulta Beauty, after first debuting – and selling out — on elfcosmetics.com for loyalty members on March 31. — Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter Read the full story here. “Another current obsession of mine is this all-new Pillow Talk Multi-Glow highlighter. It comes in two gorgeous shades that each create the best glow. Simply pair it with a matching bronzer, and you’re set!” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “I’ve tested more than 30 shampoos this year, so I know a thing or two about hair (especially the formulas that I feel are the finest and ones that are flops). However, while Olaplex’s fan-favorite shampoo and conditioner are all the rage, the brand’s new hair serum deserves more acclaim; it’s great for all hair types, increases shine and is even a heat protectant.” — Victoria Giardina, Commerce Reporter “It only makes sense for this Sunset Stripped eyeshadow palette to be released right when the weather is getting warmer. The neutral tones of matte, shimmery and metallic colors are also flattering on all skin tones.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Forget brain freeze when you can have lip plumping tingles. This collaboration between the boozy ice cream brand Tipsy Scoop and Buxom cosmetics is good enough to eat, but please just stick to applying to your lips. The lip plumper comes in four different colors inspired by the ice cream flavors, including Mexican Hot Chocolate, Raspberry Limoncello, Strawberry White Sangria and Vanilla Bean Bourbon.  All four colors are sold at Ulta Beauty and Buxom Cosmetics, while the ice cream can be ordered online for those 21 and older.” — Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter “How cute is this collection? The glowing lip hues and Super Shock Shadows inspired by PEEPS Marshmallow shades are also ideal for spring! They’re available now and we’d stock up while you can.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Who doesn’t love a good Mommy & Me moment? With the brand’s new range of chic matching sets suited for at-home lounging to a night on the town, there’s something for everyone.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Sperry takes their shoe offerings to new levels with six new sport styles designed for outdoor activities. Prices range from $54.99 to $119.99, making the collection affordable and available to many.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Beloved Spanx has expanded their best-selling collection to include buttery soft tops, and I am here for it. Now known as AirEssentials, the brand has launched four new AirEssentials tops.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Put on your gaming face, for these retro sneakers may sell out fast and then it’s game over. Brazilian sneaker brand Cariuma teamed up with beloved video game console brand Atari to make these killer kicks in honor of their ​​50th anniversary. These shoes are perfect for both nostalgic men and women, and they come in a variety of colors for both.” — Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter “Perfect for Mother’s Day, these Hedley & Bennett x LoveShackFancy vintage-inspired romantic floral patterned aprons are everything. Shop from two unique prints in three distinct styles for both adults and children.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Oh my goodness, these may just be the comfiest undies out there. Best of all, UltimateS by (US) offers one of the largest size ranges in underwear on the market while offering exceptional fit and premium quality.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Featuring two never-before-seen Rifle Paper Co. prints and best-selling Summersalt silhouettes, you’ll never want to take these swimsuits off. That’s also not an exaggeration, as each Summersalt fit has been informed by 1.5 million measurements from 10,000 real women.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Farmacy is one of those skincare brands I keep resorting to — not just for its vitamin C serum and eye creams but for its unbeatable Honey Halo Ceramide Face Moisturizer ($45). Now, the brand has a new 10% Waterless Vitamin C Serum, an instant hydrant that is the most potent form of the vitamin, l-ascorbic acid. But, it’s not upwards of $100 like other brands — it’s only $50!” — Victoria Giardina, Commerce Reporter “Men, this one’s for you. The all-new Dove Men+Care Ultimate Antiperspirant delivers long-lasting, 48-hour protection. It’s also moisturizing and hydrating to provide a comfortable feel.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Melt all of the makeup and dirt of the day away with this all-new K-beauty cleanser. You can also say goodbye to residue and waxiness when you use this bad boy.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “From its vitamin C serum to hyaluronic acid skincare, Glow Recipe never lets me down. So, when its Strawberry Smooth BHA + AHA Salicylic Serum came on the market, I knew I had to try it. Not only does it include salicylic acid (a primary ingredient to help combat acne) but it’s so soothing and the scent signals summer’s on its way.” — Victoria Giardina, Commerce Reporter “By Rosie Jane has been a favorite brand of mine for a while, and it just got better. Now, you can enjoy spray deodorant that doesn’t leave a residue or a sticky feel. Best of all, it stops you from smelling but allows your skin to do its natural thing.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter “Accio cute phone case! No need for witchcraft here, as Casetify and Harry Potter are bringing the magic to you in the form of this magical collaboration. The collection has cases to fit most iPhone models, with all four Hogwarts Houses to choose from, plus some additional designs like the Marauder’s Map, the Deathly Hallows and more. Speaking of collaborations, be sure to keep your eyes on the Co-lab section of their site for other new releases like the MET museum collection, Pokémon and more.” — Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter “The striking Always Pan color is pretty unique, but also an amazing statement piece for your kitchen in the spring, as we can just imagine how good warm summer salads and cold soups will look in the matching cookware.” — Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter Read the full story here. “In an all-new collaboration with the famed British print house, Liberty (est. 1875), J. Crew brings duvet covers, table linens, fun prints and more to the forefront — and I’m all about it.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter Read the full story here. “OK, call the authorities — because this new launch is hot and exactly what we wanted. Much like your outdoor fire pit, the outdoor pizza oven can make crisp flatbreads and margaritas in minutes (which is perfect for entertaining guests with your outdoor patio furniture).” — Victoria Giardina, Commerce Reporter “Created by Drew Barrymore, Beautiful Kitchenware brings gorgeous design and even better colors to the kitchen. Now, you can say hello to the all-new immersion blender, hand mixer and tilt-head stand mixer.” — Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.