The Issue: A mass shooting in a subway car on the N line that left 19 people injured in Sunset Park. Yet another devastating attack on New Yorkers (“Terror on the N train,” April 13). Watching the videos taken during the mayhem, I noted with tears and pride that the victims of this attack who were able to get out of the smoke-filled subway cars exited not hysterically running amok, but quickly and in an orderly manner. Other passengers stayed behind on the platform giving aid and comfort to those wounded. Talk about New York strong. Kudos and God’s blessings on all of those brave and gutsy New Yorkers. Carole Campolo East Hampton As a former New Yorker, I’m deeply saddened and concerned at the recent mass shooting in Brooklyn. It’s high time to prioritize the horrific epidemic of violence in our communities by better funding and working with our police to remove ubiquitous illegal guns and dangerous criminals from our communities. We need to keep hardened, lifelong criminals in jail instead of having them go on the merry-go-round of our “justice” system, which merely emboldens them to continue breaking the law. I wish to extend my deepest condolences to the victims and their families. Enough is enough. Michael Pravica Henderson, Nev. As someone who lived in New York City most of my life until my move to Florida, all I can say is how disgusted I am with the whole political class. My aunt, who lives in Washington Heights and has never had a driver’s license, is now afraid to take the subway — something she has done all of her life without a thought. Well done, Democrats. This will not change until the people rise up and say “enough.” Until then, the slide into hell will only accelerate. Craig Waldvogel Clearwater, Fla. I heard Mayor Adams’ comment about selfless New Yorkers running to each other’s aid after the shooting on the subway. It’s too bad that New York’s elected officials don’t respond in the same way. It’s time for New Yorkers to vote in people who will do their jobs and keep the city safe. Stacey Harmis Metuchen, NJ Gov. Hochul spoke at the location of the subway shooting in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. She went on about how we are all sick and tired of the shootings in New York. Hochul has done nothing to stop it — just offered empty words. Hochul also mentioned the teenager who was murdered a few days ago by another teenager. This teen had a ghost gun, and now we have another problem. Where is the person who is going to really do something about the bail problem for New Yorkers? I think Hochul should join the unemployment line along with her predecessor. Mary Farrell Farmingdale I think — and hope — Hochul did herself in with remarks at Tuesday’s press conference. In angry, strident tones, she deplored violence — this attack and daily attacks on New Yorkers — and then mouthed the usual platitudes about how tough New Yorkers are, how we’ll stand together — blah, blah, blah. What was entirely missing from this faux outrage was any recognition that it is her and the state Legislature’s actions that created this surge in violence and that the feeble changes just passed will do nothing to help. Here’s hoping all can now see the emperor’s lack of clothes, and that we bid her and her minions a well-deserved farewell in November. Ed Altman Manhattan The policy of locking the doors at either end of the subway cars must go. On some lines, the doors are still operable, though it’s against the rules to pass from car to car. Imagine the terror of being locked in that car with that madman and no way out. MTA passengers should not be denied egress, especially now with violent crime being an everyday occurrence. Carl Rosenstein Manhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.