“Let the record show” that Milani does not want to be involved. The drugstore cosmetics brand was recently implicated in Johnny Depp’s defamation suit against his ex-wife Amber Heard. During opening statements this week, Heard’s attorney claimed that the “Aquaman” actress carried Milani Conceal + Perfect All-in-One Correcting Kit with her throughout her “entire relationship with Johnny Depp” — and suggested she’d used the makeup to cover injuries from Depp’s alleged physical abuse during their relationship. Milani has since responded to the brand’s surprise appearance at the trial. On Thursday, the makeup maker posted a 15-second video to its official TikTok account to debunk Heard’s claim. “You asked us… let the record show that our Correcting Kit launched in 2017!” they captioned the post. “Take note: alleged abuse was around 2014-2016, got divorced 2016, makeup palette release date: December 2017,” read text over the video that showed Depp and Heard in the courtroom, as the Backyardigans’ song “International Super Spy” plays. The clip cuts to Milani headquarters, where a young woman holds a company product catalog, opened to the page describing the makeup compact. The camera then jumps to a slide that definitively notes the product’s 2017 release date — meaning Heard certainly wasn’t using that particular palette during her relationship with Depp. “We are here to provide the facts of the case,” the brand added in the comments. The two actors have feuded in and out of the courtroom since they ended their marriage in 2017. Their explosive trial proceedings are still currently underway at the Fairfax County Circuit Court in Virginia, which will ultimately determine if Depp was defamed by Heard’s 2018 Washington Post essay that many read as a blow-by-blow of the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star’s abuses. Depp, who has vehemently denied the allegations, is seeking at least $50 million to compensate for the damage done to his career, plus an additional $350,000 in punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and court costs.