This optical illusion could reveal a lot about how you love in a romantic relationship depending on what you see first. What image do you see first in the below image? There are four different images hidden in the optical illusion — each one giving a glimpse into how you love and what’s holding you back from it. Some people see the face of an old man first, others see a younger gent’ on horseback, many are first drawn to a young girl lying down by the river and some spot an archway over the river first. Each one determines your outlook on relationships, and how you act in them, according to Your Tango, so are you a helpless romantic or prone to cheating? If you see the face of an old man first, it means you never lose sight of the bigger picture. You’re not someone who’s likely to be swept off their feet by dramatic romantic gestures, instead you prefer someone who puts in the time, effort, energy, and hard work real relationships require. If you saw a man riding a horse at first glance, then it means you may be a difficult one to hold down. While it doesn’t necessarily mean you are going to cheat on your romantic partners, it does suggest you’re often looking around for the person of your dreams, even if they’re in front of you. You may someone who likes to be ‘courted’ and without that type of attention from your partner, you might start looking elsewhere. If you see a girl lying by the side of the river it could mean you’re on the verge or have given up on finding lasting love. While you may want to pursue romance, you are increasingly becoming wary of it not working out and giving up before it’s had a chance to blossom. If the stone archway over the river was the first thing you spotted, it could suggest you crave adventure more than stability. You may fear relationships will get in the way of your wild spirit and sense of adventure, but that doesn’t mean you can’t find a partner with as much of a wild side as you have. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.