Fox Sports host Charissa Thompson was brought to tears while discussing her recent divorce from sports agent Kyle Thousand after two years of marriage. Thompson filed for divorce April 19, citing “irreconcilable differences” as the reason for the split, according to court documents obtained by The Blast. “As one’s love story begins, another one ends,” Thompson said during a new episode of her “Calm Down” podcast with Erin Andrews Thursday. The two were chatting about Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s engagement earlier this month. “Full disclosure I love you and I’m proud of you,” Andrews replied. “I had a sh—y week,” Thompson said. “The news of my pending divorce came out and it’s obviously not something that I wanted at all as somebody who grew up in a family — my parents were married since they’re 18. I trust in the institution and I’m somebody that’s been married and divorced before, so when I got married the second time I was so hopeful that it would be what you stand up there and say it will be, which is, forever, for better or for worse, and all the things.” It was the first time Thompson addressed her second divorce publicly. She was previously married at age 25, though it is unclear to whom. “As far as the actual [divorce] announcement, it was a decision that I did not reach overnight,” she said. “I’ve been privately dealing with this for a while and my health stuff… a lot that of that stuff I know was related to the stress that I was under to come to this decision that was not easy to make. “It comes down to this, and this is my advice to anyone, you have to do what’s best for you. You get one life and this thing is real short. So, I knew that I had exhausted all the options to try and keep my marriage in tact and I have nothing but love and respect for my now former significant other. But it just reached a point where I knew that I was better off by myself.” Thompson went on to admit that “it is embarrassing now having been divorced twice,” at her age. She noted her upcoming 40th birthday in May. “I am embarrassed to admit that you know, this is now my second divorce at 40,” she said, appearing to tear up. “And then you worry about this, ‘Oh, you can’t keep a man. Oh, what did you do?’ There are all these like secondary, third, fourth level questions that you start to think about… Then you think about having kids, and I don’t have a significant other… There are so many different layers. But that is not a reason to stay in something that is not making either one of you happy and you ultimately have to make a decision that’s best for you. Even if it feels selfish, it is your life… in the end that’s where I’m at.” Thompson married Thousand in a small ceremony Dec. 30, 2020 in Scottsdale, Ariz. They moved the nuptials to Scottsdale due to the previous COVID-19 restrictions in California, where they are based. Thompson said she’s had “wonderful people” reach out, telling her that they are “so sorry” about her situation. “I don’t want people to feel sorry for me. It’s my decision and it’s my life and it’s a decision that I am at peace with now that I really struggled to make — and you [Andrews] held my hand through the entire process as you have with so many things, for the first divorce and this one,” she said about Andrews. “In the end I’m happy that both my ex and I can move on peacefully and be amicable about it, so that’s number one. And there’s no kids involved, because that’s a whole other thing.” Thompson said she will get into more details about the divorce in a later podcast episode, explaining that “there are a few legal things” she needs to work through. “The fact that I got to go back and date again… sh-t’s about to get very interesting,” she said, hinting that she’d share her dating experience on the “Calm Down” podcast. She added that she won’t be participating in online dating.