“The Simpsons” fans will soon learn to say “D’oh!” in sign language. The beloved comedy will feature its first deaf voice actor in a new episode set to air this coming Sunday. John Autry II will voice a hearing-impaired character named Monk in the episode, titled “The Sound of Bleeding Gums.” It will also feature the show’s first-ever use of American Sign Language. “It’s so incredible,” Autry II told Variety of the pioneering role. “It’s life-changing equality and participation.” “This can impact change for all of us,” the actor added. “It’s about hard of hearing and hearing characters coming together. It’s a part of history.” The episode is set to revolve around Monk, the son of the late Bleeding Gums Murphy, a saxophonist who was beloved by Lisa Simpson in early seasons of the show. Monk is on a quest to acquire a cochlear implant and is aided by Lisa in his mission. “The Sound of Bleeding Gums” was written by Loni Steele Sosthand, whose brother was born deaf. “When I think about music, I also think about my brother,” the screenwriter told Variety. “When we were talking about this Bleeding Gums character in our initial brainstorms, we thought, wouldn’t it be cool if Lisa discovers this whole other side of his life. That led to him having a son, and then we based that character at least somewhat on my brother.” “The Simpsons” appears to be on a mission to increase diversity and representation — both on screen and in the writers’ room. It comes after the long-running show faced claims of racist stereotyping over the character Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, an Indian convenience store owner who was voiced by white actor Hank Azaria. In January 2020, Azaria announced he would no longer voice the controversial character. Last year, he said he felt guilty for potentially aiding in harmful cultural stereotyping, saying: “Part of me feels like I need to go to every single Indian person in this country and personally apologize.” Sunday night’s new episode of “The Simpsons” comes amid the growing visibility of deaf and hearing-impaired people in Hollywood. Less than two weeks ago, “CODA” — a film focused on a deaf family — scooped Best Picture at the Academy Awards. Troy Katsur won Best Supporting Actor for his role in the film, the first deaf actor to win an award in that category.