Angry Netflix employees took to Twitter Thursday after learning they had been laid off at the streaming giant, home to hit shows like “Inventing Anna,” “Squid Game” and “Bridgerton.” Although the exact number of layoffs could not be immediately learned, many of the employees were writers or editors working for Netflix’s Tudum division, which was launched in December. “Well. I just was laid off from a significant contract originally intended through August so I’m looking for stable work… and rent. I need rent,” wrote one employee. “Uh oh! Looks like I have to do this tweet again. Is anyone hiring? Netflix just laid off my team (my job included). It was an incredible few months and I’m grateful for it but I’m stoked about whatever’s next. Email is in bio,” another tweeted. The layoffs came from the Tudum division and included a mix of staff and contractors, according to a source with knowledge. One insider told The Post that more layoffs could be on the way, and that non-core projects like Queue, a magazine-like publication about Netflix projects, could be next on the chopping block. A company spokeswoman declined to comment on the situation but added: “Our fan website Tudum is an important priority for the company.” Tudum, which is a nod to the sound that accompanies the Netflix’s logo when subscribers open the streaming site, was a division that focused on news and stories related to the service’s most popular shows and movies. Roughly 10-15 employees put out virtual “Help Wanted” signs on Twitter, after getting their pink slips. “Just got laid off from Netflix/Tudum, effective today,” tweeted writer Reina Sultan. “Email me with opportunities at reinasultan@gmail.com so I can pay my rent and help my parents survive! A bunch of my incredible colleagues got laid off, too. You’d be incredibly lucky to work with any of them.” The drumbeat of departures come after Netflix posted its first subscriber loss since 2011. last week. Netflix said in the first quarter, it lost 200,000 subscribers, and that it expects to lose 2 million more in the second quarter. In order to stem the bleeding, Netflix co-CEOs Reed Hastings and Ted Sarandos said the company would likely crackdown on password sharing. “Our relatively high household penetration — when including the large number of households sharing accounts — combined with competition, is creating revenue growth headwinds,” the men said in their letter to Netflix shareholders. Following the tough earnings report, The Hollywood Reporter released a blistering exposé on the power clash inside the Los Gatos, Calif.-based company, which included unnamed Hollywood heavy-hitters weighing in on the profligate spending at the company and its lack of quality control when it comes to pumping out content. One creative, who worked with Netflix said of the streamer’s content strategy: “I wonder if, say, a bonobo throwing sh-t at a whiteboard full of titles as a method of deciding what projects to make would have more or less success than all of these other ‘deciders’ who think they know what people want or don’t want.”