NBC/Peacock is going with up-and-coming play-by-player Jason Benetti and local analysts for its exclusive late Sunday morning MLB games, The Post has learned. Benetti, 38, is currently the voice of the Chicago White Sox and calls several sports for ESPN. He is expected to be joined by one analyst from each of the given teams that are on each week. The first game will feature the White Sox at the Red Sox at 11:30 a.m. on May 8 on NBC and Peacock. It will be Benetti with one White Sox analyst and one Red Sox analyst. The rest of the games will only be on the Peacock streaming service. The Mets and Yankees each play once on the Sunday morning broadcasts that begin at 11:30 a.m. or noon each week. On June 5, the Yankees will host the Tigers on Peacock, while on June 26, the Mets will be at the Marlins. Since the Mets’ regional sports home, SNY, shares some common ownership with Peacock’s parent company, Comcast, it seems more plausible that Keith Hernandez or Ron Darling could be the Mets’ representative in the booth. YES doesn’t have that corporate synergy, so Peacock could go for a former Yankee who is not currently on the local telecast. The Peacock games will be the only ones on from their first pitch at either 11:30 a.m. or noon until 1:30 p.m.. No other MLB game will begin until then on Sundays during the length of the Peacock package that runs through Labor Day weekend. MLB fans have been inundated with streaming games this season. Apple TV+ has a new Friday night exclusive doubleheader with two separate announcing teams. Play-by-player Melanie Newman, ex-player Chris Young and Yahoo MLB columnist Hannah Keyser do the early games, while play-by-player Stephen Nelson, ex-player Hunter Pence and sports comedian Katie Nolan call the late games. The Yankees’ game at Kansas City will be on Apple TV+ this Friday in the early window at 8 p.m. Last week, Amazon had its first of 21 exclusive Yankees games on its service. There were some reports of people that were in the Yankees’ YES footprint who were unable to access the games through their Prime membership. An Amazon spokeswoman said they were aware of some issues and were working to figure it out for their next game on May 6. In Benetti, Peacock not only hired one of the better broadcasters going, but one who is pretty inspirational as he was born with cerebral palsy.