Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis on Friday vowed to fight back against the Biden administration’s new Orwellian disinformation bureau, insisting a “Ministry of Truth” cannot exist in the United States. “They want to be able to put out false narratives without people being able to speak out and fight back,” DeSantis said. “But we’re not going to let Biden get away with this one, so we will be fighting back.” DeSantis is the latest conservative to slam the Department of Homeland Security’s new “Disinformation Governance Board”, which has come under intense scrutiny since it was first revealed Wednesday. The hashtag “Ministry of Truth” was trending on Twitter Thursday as critics compared the new board to George Orwell’s “1984” novel. The DHS said the board was created to target supposed misinformation linked to key vulnerabilities for the Biden administration — including the border crisis and Russian disinformation threats. But critics, including DeSantis, have argued it is just an attempt to stifle free speech. “You cannot have a Ministry of Truth in this country,” DeSantis said. “We believe it’s essential that individual Floridians and Americans are able to speak out against the false narratives trying to be jammed down our throats by this regime.” He added: “They won’t be able to say things like Russia collusion … They want to be able to advocate for COVID lockdowns. They want to be able to be an advocate for school closures … but then when you speak out they want to stifle dissent.” DeSantis — who is eyed as a potential future Republican presidential candidate — went on to say he initially thought the creation of the new panel was a “belated April Fool’s joke.” The governor also took aim at the board’s executive director, Nina Jankowicz – a disinformation expert who has been criticized for repeatedly casting doubt on The Post’s reporting about Hunter Biden’s laptop. “We know they actually appointed somebody to lead it, who herself has been an advocate for COVID lockdowns, who herself has put out disinformation about the Hunter Biden tapes, who supported Russia collusion, conspiracy theories,” DeSantis said. “So this is not acceptable.” Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson had earlier slammed Jankowicz as a “beacon of misinformation” given her dismissal of the laptop from hell in a series of tweets and interviews in 2020.