House Republicans will not automatically move to impeach President Biden if they regain control of the chamber in this year’s midterm elections, Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said Sunday. “One thing we learned that the Democrats did is they – they used impeachment for political reasons,” McCarthy told Fox News‘ “Sunday Morning Futures.” “We’re not going to pick and choose just because somebody has power,” he added. “We’re going to uphold the law. At any time, if someone breaks the law and the ramification becomes impeachment, we would move towards that. But we’re not going to use it for political purposes.” “We will take the facts to wherever the facts go, because America’s been through too much with people playing politics with the concept of impeachment,” McCarthy went on. “But if it rises to that level, we would have the law determine that.” Several Republican lawmakers have already called for Biden to be impeached, citing the ongoing illegal immigration crisis at the southern border and the chaotic troop withdrawal from Afghanistan last fall. In September, a group of House Republicans filed articles of impeachment against Biden. However, the effort quickly died in the Democrat-controlled chamber. Earlier this year, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) indicated there are “multiple grounds” for impeaching Biden and said he believes “we will see serious investigations of the Biden administration,” if Republicans take the majority in the House. When asked about the possibility of impeaching the 46th president, Cruz said, ​”I do think there’s a chance of that​.​” “Whether it’s justified or not, Democrats weaponized impeachment​,” the senator added. “They used it for partisan purposes to go after Trump because they disagreed with him. One of the real disadvantages of doing that is, the more you weaponize it and turn it into a partisan cudgel​, you know, what’s good for the goose is good for the gander.” The White House blasted Cruz’s comments at the time, with press secretary Jen Psaki saying, “Maybe Senator Cruz can work with us on getting something done on comprehensive immigration reform and putting in place measures that will help make sure smart security is what we see at the border, taking a more humane approach to the border instead of name-calling, accusation-calling and making predictions of the future.” Democrats voted to impeach former President Donald Trump twice during his administration. The first vote took place in December 2019 on articles of abuse of power and obstruction of Congress over allegations that he tried to pressure Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to announce an investigation into then-presidential candidate Joe Biden. No Republicans voted for impeachment. However, 10 House Republicans voted to impeach him alongside Democrats in January 2021 on a charge of incitement of insurrection in connection to the deadly Jan 6. Capitol riot. In both cases, the Senate voted to acquit Trump.