 “My problem with Hunter Biden’s laptop is that he’s totally irrelevant. It’s not whether it’s disinformation . . . I don’t think Hunter Biden’s business relationships have anything to do with who should be president . . . So I don’t find it to be interesting.” — Pulitzer-winning Atlantic writer Anne Applebaum, April 6, when asked if the media acted inappropriately by dismissing The Post’s Oct. 2020 stories about Hunter Biden’s laptop We say: OMG. 1) The media didn’t just ignore the Hunter laptop story because it was not “interesting”; it (falsely) screamed that it was “Russian disinformation.” 2) News isn’t what Anne Applebaum finds relevant but what Americans do — and the fact that 17% of Joe Biden voters say they wouldn’t have voted for him if they’d heard the story shows that, in fact, much of the public would’ve liked to have heard about it. 3) And that’s because it was relevant, since it exposed mountains of Biden family corruption. 4) If Applebaum doesn’t even find the Hunter laptop story at least “interesting,” she’s clearly in the wrong business. Think she’d care if it were a Republican’s son? We say: Will the Gray Lady ever move on? Yes, cases are “ticking up” in parts of the city, but COVID hospitalizations have averaged only 20 a day over the past week and have been dropping; deaths have averaged just three and are also decreasing. Scaring the public might sell papers and attract clicks, but at some point even the Times needs to acknowledge the pandemic is over. We say: Bloomberg writer Timothy L. O’Brien  is clearly fretting that liberals will lose their monopoly over speech now that billionaire Elon Musk, who’s railed about social-media control of it, has bought a 9.2% stake in Twitter and joined its board. “There is no other city like New York City. If we gauge our reactions, behaviors, based on other cities, we will make a big mistake.” — Mayor Eric Adams, April 5, when asked why Gotham is the only city in the world to mask toddlers, given that there are zero pediatric COVID cases in city hospitals We say: That’s an answer? Disregard the science — the fact that kids under 5 are at near-zero risk and that masking them does more harm than good (even the World Health Organization says toddlers don’t need masks and should never wear them for a long duration) — and force kids to mask . . . just to be different? If Adams is going to impose such a harmful, anti-science policy, he needs a better explanation. We say: Use every tool to protect you from Putin’s price hike? Please. President Biden’s been using “every tool” to keep his vow to “eliminate” fossil fuels — killing pipelines, banning new drilling leases on federal land, discouraging investment . . . which is why the soaring cost of gas is really more Biden’s price hike than Putin’s. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board