Two days later, Jordan Montgomery and the Yankees appear to have dodged the problem that the left-hander could not on Sunday night. After Montgomery took a 102 mph comebacker off the knee in the first inning of Sunday’s loss to the Red Sox — and stayed in the game to throw 3 ¹/₃ innings — there was “a little concern” about the amount of swelling he still had in the area Monday night, according to manager Aaron Boone. But Montgomery had his knee drained and then underwent an MRI exam and CT scan overnight. On Tuesday, the results of those tests left the Yankees feeling better about his status. “He was significantly better today,” Boone said Tuesday before the Yankees‘ 4-0 win over the Blue Jays. “When I walked in, he was on the [trainer’s] table and so much of the swelling was out of there. He’s moving around well today. … So encouraged how he came in today.” Montgomery threw off flat ground Tuesday and is scheduled to throw a bullpen session Wednesday, keeping him in line to make his next scheduled start, Friday at Baltimore. “[Monday] night, there was a little bit of concern just with the amount of swelling in there and making sure everything was sound,” Boone said. “We’ll see how [Tuesday] goes and then hopefully bullpen [Wednesday], and we should be good. Definitely a good turn overnight.” Aaron Hicks, who hit a two-run homer in the second inning Tuesday, made his first start in left field since 2017, shifting over from his normal spot in center to help get Giancarlo Stanton into the outfield. With Anthony Rizzo serving as DH, Stanton started in right with Aaron Judge moving to center. Hicks moved back to center in the ninth, when Joey Gallo came in for defense in left, with Judge going to right. Boone pointed to “the big left field” at Yankee Stadium as why he went with Hicks in left instead of Stanton. While Stanton started 10 games in left field last season — when Hicks was on the injured list most of the year — they all came away from Yankee Stadium. The Yankees had Hicks work in left field at times during spring training to prepare for nights like Tuesday. His first test came in the second inning, when he nearly let a fly ball get over his head before reaching up to make the grab. “Just like my first route, it was kind of shaky in the beginning,” Hicks said. “But once I started to get a little more comfortable out there, it was all right.” The Yankees held a pregame moment of silence for the victims of Tuesday morning’s subway shooting in Brooklyn.