With 14 games on the docket, Tuesday will be one of the busiest nights all season for NHL bettors. A card like this is bound to provide some betting value and below are the three games that stood out: It was mission accomplished for the Capitals last week. Washington went 3-0 against Tampa Bay, Boston, and Pittsburgh to eliminate any chance that the Islanders could make a miracle charge for the last playoff spot in the East. And while Washington’s 10-4-1 record suggests it is in great form over its last 15 games, the Caps only have a +3 goal differential in that span and have allowed three or more goals in 13 of those 15 contests. At some point, that type of play will catch up with Washington, so there’s plenty of value backing the Flyers to catch the Caps in a sleepy spot on Tuesday night. NHL best bet: Philadelphia Flyers +190 or better (BetMGM) Don’t look now, but the New York Rangers are making a serious run at the Metropolitan Division crown. On Tuesday night the Blueshirts Carolina is just 6-6-3 in its last 15 games, but those results don’t paint an accurate depiction of how well the Canes have been playing over the last month. Carolina has skated to a 58.6% expected goals rate and a 59.4% high-danger scoring chance rate in that span, which tells you that the Canes are continuing to control play at 5-on-5. The Rangers have been steadily improving over the season, but their 5-on-5 game isn’t on the same level as Carolina’s. Igor Shesterkin is the A-side in any goaltending matchup this season, but Carolina’s Freddie Andersen has been one of the few netminders who has played near Igor’s level this season. With New York’s goaltending edge somewhat mitigated and Carolina’s 5-on-5 numbers still sparkling, now is a good time to buy somewhat low on a Stanley Cup contender. NHL best bet: Carolina Hurricanes -130 or better (DraftKings)  The Edmonton Oilers have been rolling since the team made a coaching change, ousting Dave Tippett in favor of Jay Woodcroft. Edmonton is 19-7-3 and its .707 points percentage is the fifth-best mark in the NHL in that span. Things check out under the surface for the Oilers, as well. Edmonton has posted a 53.3% expected goals rate and a 57.9% high-danger chance rate since Woodcroft took over. The Oilers are not a team that needs to control play at 5-on-5 to have success. With Connor McDavid and Leon Draisaitl on board, the Oilers have the talent needed to outscore their problems on any given night. What their recent 5-on-5 play tells us is that they’re less reliant on McDavid and Draisaitl to bail them out, which can only lead to good things. The Wild have been terrific since the Trade Deadline, but there’s really not that much separating these two teams and Edmonton’s dynamic offense is a stern test for Minnesota’s standout defense. NHL best bet: Edmonton Oilers +120 (BetMGM)