Disgraced UK royal Prince Andrew once stayed at a California golf ranch as the guest of a US diplomat — just to lock himself in his suite and watch porn for two days, according to a new book. The scandal-scarred royal snubbed host Lee Annenberg — the wife of former US ambassador to the UK Walter Annenberg — while staying at her Palm Springs estate in 1993, after splitting from his wife, Sarah Ferguson, according to an excerpt from Tina Brown’s book in the Sun. Lee was appalled when the Duke of York — who was already nicknamed “Randy Andy” — “holed up in his bedroom for two days apparently watching porn on cable TV,” according to the report. “The Duke was always as oversexed as a boob-ogling adolescent,” Brown reportedly wrote. A sex-abuse lawsuit filed against Andrew by Virginia Guiffre — who claims she was trafficked by pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and forced to have sex with the prince — was dismissed last month in Manhattan federal court after both sides said they had reached an agreement to settle. The disgraced royal did not admit to any wrongdoing but wrote in a letter that he bemoaned being associated with Epstein. “Prince Andrew has never intended to malign Ms. Giuffre’s character, and he accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks,” the letter states. “It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms. Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others,” it adds. In January, Queen Elizabeth stripped her son of his military and royal titles, including the term “His Royal Highness,” a day after a judge allowed Guiffre’s lawsuit to proceed. “With The Queen’s approval and agreement, The Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to The Queen,” Buckingham Palace said of the prince. The settlement amount was not publicly disclosed, but a source told The Post at the time that it could be north of $12 million. Giuffre in her suit claimed Andrew sexually abused her three times when she was a teen in London, New York and on Epstein’s private Caribbean island. Andrew’s alleged porn marathon is the latest tidbit from Brown’s “The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor – the Truth and the Turmoil,” which is set for release later this month. Previous excerpts alleged that Andrew’s since-deceased pervy pal Epstein viewed the prince as “an idiot, but — to him — a useful one.” Brown — the former editor-in-chief of Tatler, Vanity Fair and The New Yorker — previously wrote a best-selling biography of Andrew’s late sister-in-law, Princess Diana, in 2007’s “The Diana Chronicles.”