TAMPA — Carlos Beltran made some news — briefly — in his first day as a broadcaster with the YES Network on Monday. During Monday’s game against the Phillies at Steinbrenner Field, Beltran seemed to indicate the Yankees had signed Judge to an extension to stay in The Bronx long term. Soon after the comment, though, Beltran corrected himself and said he “hoped” the two sides would agree on an extension. After the game, Beltran said, “I just hope they can agree on a contract. … He’s a big part of this ball club. We’ll see what happens.” Initially, Beltran said: “I’m just glad to see him being able to create this new contract with the New York Yankees and being able to extend his stay here in New York. … He’s a guy that plays the game hard and I bet the message has to be like, from Judge, the Yankees are willing to commit like that for so long. And at the same time … they want to build around him. They understand he’s a leader, so I’m glad to see Aaron Judge increasing his stay here with the New York Yankees.” But sources said that no deal is done with Judge’s self-imposed deadline of Opening Day to cut off negotiations until after the season just three days away. Judge was made aware of Beltran’s slipup during the game and said there were no hard feelings for the mixup. “Carlos is my man,’’ Judge said after he had three hits, including a homer and a double. “I think he was just looking out, trying to have my back there.” And he reiterated that he’s not going to negotiate once Thursday rolls around. “After Opening Day, like I said, I’ve got a job to do, I’ve got something to focus on and we’ll see you at the end of the year if it comes to that point,’’ Judge said. “I understand the business side of it, but when I come here, I have to do what I have to do on the field.” General manager Brian Cashman said the team would work on an extension within Judge’s time frame. On Monday, the GM said: “I’m not going to comment on anything other than the fact that we will have done everything we committed to doing, which is we would have a contract negotiation and it will either lead us to a one-year arbitration scenario or it will lead into a multiyear contract.” If they don’t come to terms on a new deal, Judge and the Yankees will head to an arbitration hearing during the regular season. Judge asked for $21 million and the Yankees countered with $17 million. He’s due to become a free agent after the World Series. Three years ago, Luis Severino signed a four-year, $40 million extension before his arbitration hearing was due to begin. Beltran’s arrival was significant even before his gaffe, as it was his first time around the team since the Astros’ sign-stealing scandal of 2017 became public. After acknowledging in an interview released by YES on Sunday that the Astros “crossed the line” during their championship run that “stained” their title, Beltran declined to address the scandal again on Monday. On air, Beltran said: “We have to move on. In life, we make mistakes. A lot of times you don’t want to make those. You move forward, apologize for what happened and move on. It’s hard to live in the past. You have to live in the present.I look forward to living in the present.” Judge and Kyle Higashioka — both members of the 2017 Yankees team that lost to Houston in the ALCS in seven games — said Sunday they had put the scandal behind them and Beltran said he hoped they wouldn’t have to address it again. “It’s difficult for them as a player, every time you’ve got to come to the ballpark and address the media about a situation not related to you, takes a lot from hitters and players,” Beltran said. “Hopefully this can go away and the players can focus on playing the game.” — Additional reporting by Greg Joyce