You know, Henrik Lundqvist used to talk all the time about what very likely is the Rangers’ best attribute. (Other than his successor, Igor Shesterkin, that is.) And that is consistency. The King would preach as often as he could that consistency is what separates the NHL upper echelon from the middle class. And here we are and here they are, five games away from completing their 82-game schedule and the Broadway Blueshirts have not gone more than two games without a point and have not lost more than three games in a row. Their lone three-game losing streak occurred the first week of November and included a pair of overtime losses. Otherwise, it seems as if the Rangers all year have been on the kind of run they extended to 12-3-1 with Tuesday’s 3-0 Garden victory over the Jets that represented their third straight shutout and 50th victory of the season that moved them into a first-place tie with Carolina. They have had four four-game winning streaks, four of three games and an eight-game winning streak that bridged November and December. Resiliency and consistency are first cousins. And both are related in large degree to a team’s goaltending. Shesterkin was outstanding in this one, coming up with a half-dozen Grade A saves for his second straight whitewashing after Alex Georgiev got one of his own in Philadelphia last Wednesday. It is quite clear that Shesterkin has put the speed bump he encountered last month in the rearview mirror. But here’s the thing. The Blueshirts have not been excessively dependent on their goaltending through this 16-game stretch that began on March 19. Fact is, the team has gone 3-3-1 in the last seven contests in which its netminder’s save percentage was .885 or lower. The Blueshirts have gone 3-3-1 in their seven games in which their netminder’s save percentage was .885 or lower. “I think that everyone’s just buying in,” said Adam Fox, who recorded the 2-0 goal midway through the third period after Ryan Strome’s power-play deflection gave the Blueshirts the lead late in the second. “We had a goal from the start of the year where we want to be playing for a Stanley Cup and that takes playing the right way. “You know with 82 games you’re going to have some sloppy games and we knew when we were playing badly and still winning that probably wasn’t sustainable. We knew we’d have to clean that up.” The Rangers have gotten better in their own end, but the most noteworthy and dramatic improvement is in the team’s puck management and in the forwards’ diligence on the backcheck. The Blueshirts still don’t spend enough time with the puck in the offensive zone, they’re still not quite there with their forecheck game, but the commitment to playing a 200-foot game is miles and miles better than it had been most of the year. “I think anybody can play good defensive hockey, it’s about working hard and getting back and [avoiding] those turnovers like we had early in the year,” head coach Gerard Gallant said. “I think we’re playing more cautious and safer hockey and playing a better game of hockey. It’s a team thing more than anything else. “We gave up a lot of chances on the rush earlier in the year and we’ve done a lot better job on that lately. I think that’s the difference there.” And improvement over the second half of a season, and certainly on the runway to the playoffs, is what every coach wants from his team. “Turk has a specific way of what he wants us to do,” Strome said, referring to Gallant. “What he expects from us is pretty black-and-white, and it’s pretty obvious to us when it works, what we’re doing correctly and when it doesn’t work, why it’s not. “It’s nothing crazy. It’s just simplicity and buying in. I think we know what it takes.” It took a while, the Rangers were still bleeding shots-against and chances allowed coming out of the All-Star break. But over the last month, the Blueshirts have been one of the most effective defensive clubs in the NHL. That is not simply an eye-test opinion, that is an evaluation supported by the analytics and underlying numbers that had been used much of the season to discredit the club’s record. In the month between March 19 and Tuesday’s victory, according to NaturalStatTrick, the Rangers ranked third in the NHL at suppressing five-on-five shot attempts at 46.45 per 60:00 while also third in suppressing shots on net at 24.34 per 60:00. They were fourth in xGA per 60:00 at 2.18, fifth in limiting scoring chances against per 60:00 at 24.02 and third in high-danger chances against per 60:00 at 9.35. There is no discrediting that.