A palatial Beaux-Arts mansion on the Upper West Side with a shady past has hit the market for $65 million. The seller is a trust benefitting Dina Wein Reis, a society scammer known as the “$100 million woman” who moved from the mansion to the slammer after some convoluted “Inventing Anna”-style shenanigans. Wein Reis bought the townhouse with her husband David for $2.15 million in 1996. (He was born David Ruiz, but changed his name to Reis — while Wein Reis had a dozen aliases, The Post reported more than a decade ago.) In 2011, Wein Reis pled guilty to a federal charge of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, after duping corporations out of millions of dollars, The Post reported at the time. Even more extraordinary, the mansion played a key role in the fraud. Wein Reis was accused of wining and dining Fortune 500 company CEOs at the fancy brownstone under the guise of looking for a new top exec. The CEOs were then asked to provide discounted goods to be used as samples or promotional packages to get their products into a retail network. Instead, she sold the products at wholesale prices. The vast scan netted her $100 million in personal wealth, a $35 million art collection and six homes — far from her humble beginnings in Brooklyn. Wein Reis was released from jail in 2014 and ordered to pay $7 million in restitution plus $1 million in fines. While she was in jail, the mansion was floated as a $75,000 a month rental in 2013. Last year, the ex-con reportedly paid an ex-federal prosecutor, Brett Tolman, $20,000 to try to get her sentence commuted — which could have released her from having to pay the government the restitution money. (Tolman helped get Jared Kushner’s dad, Charles, pardoned for tax evasion, witness tampering and campaign finance violations.) She declined to comment at press time. The exquisite, eight-bedroom mansion at 25 Riverside Drive and 75th Street spans 12,000 square feet. It comes with a glass conservatory and a terrace that can seat 100 people for dinner — along with pear trees in the garden. But although the mansion is beautiful, its hefty price tag — out of whack with the rest of the ‘hood — is raising eyebrows among New York City real estate aficionados. “The magnificent home is truly a commanding presence anchoring the southern end of Riverside Drive, and the Beaux-Arts style blends in perfectly with the best of the Upper West Side. The pricing is rich, but it only takes one buyer who wants this size and scale to call home,” said top broker Dolly Lenz. Exterior details of the 34-foot-wide townhouse give it a Parisian feel while its three exposures capture views from the Hudson River to Riverside Park. Original details include coffered cork-lined ceilings on the “entertaining” floor and Tiffany and La Farge stained glass doors to the fourth-floor study. The seven-floor home features 12- to 14-foot ceilings, six fireplaces, three kitchens and an elevator to all seven floors — along with 70 “oversized and curved” windows, and outdoor terraces on four of the seven floors, according to the listing, which was first reported in the Wall Street Journal. There’s also a gym, mahogany theater, wine cellar and home office. The 19th-century home was built by C.P.H. Gilbert. Sotheby’s Elizabeth Sample and Brenda Powers have the listing.