With President Biden walking around in a daze, seeking attention and being visibly ignored by his predecessor, former President Barack Obama proceeded to work the room and act like a pompous, arrogant buffoon with cackling Vice President Kamala Harris in tow (“O, wow, how humiliating, Joe,” Miranda Devine, April 7). For a person who is supposed to be so cool, his behavior was undignified and lacked class. Two totally ineffective presidents: One who has always been full of himself, the other who’s an empty suit. The fact is that their ineptitude and fecklessness are responsible for the current Ukraine situation. Remember Crimea. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello I see that Biden had Obama carry out a “show of strength” visit at the White House. I voted for Obama, when he ran for the presidency — both times. Since he left, I have changed my party. I was hoping when Obama visited the White House that Joe would hand over the keys to Barack. Of course, such a thing can’t be done, but it reminded me of the kid in the schoolyard who is bullied and calls in his big brother to intimidate the other kids. Donna Skjeveland Ronkonkoma Why, suddenly, did Obama visit the white house? It’s not about giving Biden a political lift or to brag about his Obama­care plan. It’s to take the attention off Hunter Biden’s alleged quid pro quo agreements with Chinese and Ukrainian officials. Careful, Joe. It’s going to be a bumpy ride. Carl Rosenberg Great Neck Biden wasn’t merely ignored at Obama’s White House return. He was actively marginalized by the other VIPs in the room, like a coughing COVID patient. Harris, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and particularly attention-adoring Obama, whose floodlight charm was at maximum intensity, treated the sitting president like the loser at Pin the Tail on the Donkey at a children’s party. S. Silver Manhattan After watching the Obama-Biden dog-and-pony show, I see no doubt about who is actually leading the country. After the speech, crowds flocked to Obama while Biden looked like a lost toddler at Walmart. Doc Ludemann Bridgeport, Conn. The LA County Board of Supervisors barring staffers from travel to Florida is great news (“LA bans travel to Fla. over gay law,” April 8). As a resident of Florida: We don’t want you, and we don’t need you. What we really would like is to be able to bar everyone from the state of California. What are they going to do when Gov. Ron DeSantis is elected president — secede from the United States? Your state is a train wreck. Keep electing Democrats. They are doing such a great job! Michael Conlon Delray Beach, Fla. The LA County Board of Supervisors vote to bar staffers from traveling to Florida is at best stupid. Perhaps these idiots in California should familiarize themselves with Piaget’s Theory of Cognitive Development. Kids who are in K-3rd grade are just beginning to develop organized and rational thinking. To burden them with issues pertaining to certain aspects of sexuality will only heighten their anxiety and compromise their ability to learn basic skills. Martin Garfinkle Staten Island Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.