Planet Earth is facing negative, man-made changes – scientists are working to stop the bleeding and reverse the damage. Earth is coping with a loss of biodiversity, a damaged atmosphere and a human population dependent on fossil fuels. One method for ecological restoration is called “rewilding” – a process of allowing damaged lands to recover without human intervention and/or reintroducing a species to an area. Insects play a key role in rewilding – they act as a natural pesticide to deter pests from munching on crops. Chemical pesticides are a pollutant especially when used in large quantities – but insects also help breakdown natural waste to make healthier, richer soil. The Pioneer quoted a famed biologist saying: “If all mankind were to disappear, the world would regenerate back to the rich state of equilibrium that existed ten thousand years ago. If insects were to vanish, the environment would collapse into chaos.” Meanwhile, humans are working on reducing their contribution to Earth’s decline with advanced technologies. One of the key pivots humans are developing is cutting our reliance on dirty energy like gas and coal. When these fuels burn, they pump out carbon dioxide – which raises temperatures, and lights a fuse that ends with an uninhabitable planet. Clean cars like the Swedish-made Polestar electric car or Elon Musk’s Tesla models are becoming more popular – and that is a big step in the right direction. Battery and charging technologies will need to improve to a state where charging your car is as quick and easy as putting gas into it – right now, it takes between six and 12 hours to fully charge a Tesla vehicle. But electrification can’t stop at cars – we’ll need a fully electric transportation network to sufficiently reduce carbon emissions. Electric trains and even electric flying cars could become transformative technologies that give the Earth a chance to heal. Some think that going green is a life-or-death choice for the planet – but part of what is pushing governments in that direction is not motivated by climate change. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.