Long shots typically don’t win the Masters. In fact, of the last 11 winners at Augusta, only one, Charl Schwartzel in 2011, went off at higher than 50/1. For the most part, the guy donning the Green Jacket on Sunday comes from the first or second tier on the odds board, though there are a couple of exceptions:  Even though finding a longshot winner at Augusta will likely be a fruitless endeavor, betting big prices is part of what makes golf the best bang-for-your-buck gambling sport. With that said, here are a handful of longshot golfers to consider this week: It’s been a quiet few weeks for Sungjae, but that’s a good thing for value-hunters. After closing out 2021 with a win, a T9 and a T19, Im came out of the gates in 2022 with top-11 finishes in three of his first four starts of the year. Things have cooled off since then, but Im still has plenty of win equity for a player at these odds. Oh yeah, he finished runner-up in his Augusta debut back in 2020. The betting buzz has cooled on Fleetwood over the past 18 months or so, but the Merseysider is starting to show some flashes this season. Fleetwood finished T20 at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, T22 at THE PLAYERS and then T16 at the Valspar before losing in the group stage of the WGC Match Play. Fleetwood also ticks the experience box with six starts at Augusta and he’s got a pair of top-20 finishes. Similar to Fleetwood, the betting buzz around Ancer seems pretty quiet lately, which is interesting because not too long ago the 31-year-old Mexican was a popular play whenever he was in a field. Ancer started slowly in 2022, but he made a run to the quarterfinals at the WGC Match Play, so his form may be starting to turn. Few players are as strong on approach as Ancer, who was in contention to win this event in his debut in 2020. Bobby Mac looked the part by finishing T-12 in his Masters debut last year and the Scottish southpaw likely won’t be offered at these kinds of prices for much longer in his career. In addition to his impressive showing in his first stroll around these parts, MacIntyre also boasts two top-10 finishes in the Open Championship (2018, 2020) and has a win on the European Tour. Don’t be surprised if MacIntyre is hanging around the leaderboard this weekend, especially if things get blustery around Amen Corner.