An OnlyFans star says her Miami landlord more than doubled her rent after finding out about her X-rated occupation. Romi Chase, 29, told South West News Service that the male homeowner upped the price of her four-bedroom pad from $2,300 to $4,800 per month after doing a surprise home inspection. “He actually didn’t inspect anything” the busty brunette claimed. “Allegedly he found my OnlyFans. You can clearly see it is an adult site, so he probably got a pretty good idea of what I was doing. “When he came over, the only thing he inspected was me.” Recalling their awkward encounter, Chase stated: “He gave me a sort of attitude … But it’s a legal job, I’m paying taxes, I have registered as a small business. I wasn’t going to waste my time trying to explain myself.” Chase — who has raked in more than a million dollars uploading X-rated content on the saucy site — alleged that she soon received a letter from the unnamed landlord informing her of the “insane” rent hike. “It was a 120 percent increase during a time when people were just barely surviving,” the Polish-born beauty added. The OnlyFans starlet told SWNS that she consulted several lawyers, but they all informed her that her “dismissive and cold” landlord was within his rights. “I was a model tenant; I never missed a payment, even during the pandemic when my career actually thrived,” Chase proclaimed. “I was quiet and low-key, nothing illegal or suspicious ever went on, and I never had an issue with any of my neighbors.” While the racy model could more than afford to pay the increased rent, she decided she no longer wanted to stay supporting the judgmental landlord. “I chose to get the f–k out,” Chase recalled to SWNS. She has since relocated to Las Vegas — and has not looked back. “I have a way better crib now,” the starlet declared. “It’s a five-bed, five-bath with a private pool. It’s my dream home and I came out on top.” Chase relocated to the US from Poland back in 2017, where she was working as an elementary school teacher. The star claimed she may have been “targeted” by the landlord because of her immigrant status, in addition to her racy job. “Was I targeted for being in the adult industry, for being an immigrant or for being a single woman in her twenties making more money per year than he ever did in his entire life? I say all of the above,” she declared. “I can’t help but wonder if my landlord, in his research, became an Only Fans customer and enjoyed my work!” she sassily added. Chase’s rental drama comes as cash-strapped renters in New York turned to OnlyFans in order to pay their landlords. A recent survey by Cinch Home Services has found nearly one in five people would start a raunchy OnlyFans account in order to make enough money to live in the Big Apple as rents soar across the city.