A top city health official and progressive crusader ignited a firestorm when she used different terms for white and minority mothers. Dr. Michelle Morse, the chief medical officer at the Department of Health, touted a new “birth equity” initiative to provide more midwives and doulas to moms in a series of tweets — selectively using the woke term “birthing people” instead of pregnant women. “The urgency of this moment is clear. Mortality rates of birthing people are too high, and babies born to Black and Puerto Rican mothers in this city are three times more likely to die in their first year of life than babies born to non-Hispanic White birthing people,” she said in the March 23 tweet. Critics immediately jumped on Morse, who is black, for using the head-scratching term — saying she was “canceling” women and differentiating mothers by race. “White Mothers are called ‘birthing people’ and black and Puerto Rican Mothers are called Mothers? Your license to practice medicine should be revoked,” tweeted Kimberly Morin. A Twitter user named Sinnerella tweeted about reporting Morse’s tweet for “racism and hate speech. Just because someone has a blue checkmark next to their name doesn’t mean they can be openly racist on twitter.” Another Twitter user said “if a white person called black people birthing persons and white women mothers, everyone would be flipping out. If exposing racism is the message, then that goes for EVERYONE.” Morse was hired as the first chief medical officer at the DOH in February 2021 and she is also the department’s deputy commissioner for the Center for Health Equity and Community Wellness, which focuses on ending racial inequities. The DOH last year said a patient’s race should be considered when distributing certain COVID-19 treatments because “longstanding systemic health and social inequities” may increase the risk of getting sick or dying from the virus. But Harvard epidemiologist Martin Kulldorff, told The Post that the higher death rate among minorities in New York was not biological, but linked to having to go work outside the home during the pandemic lockdown as cases surged. Morse is no stranger to controversy over race, particularly after she advocated for a “proactively antiracist agenda for medicine” in a 2021 article with Dr. Bram Wispelwey, a former colleague at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. The article has been described as akin to a critical race theory model for medical care. The doctors, in one example, said the hospital’s black and Latino heart failure patients should be given preferential admission to a speciality cardiac unit as a “corrective” measure to a practice that for years had them more likely go to general ward. A DOH spokesman called Morse’s tweet an “oversight” and  said “we apologize for inadvertently gendering Black and Puerto Rican birthing people.”