Congressional Republicans are laying the groundwork for an investigation of Twitter should they retake the majority this fall as the company’s board works to prevent a hostile takeover bid by Elon Musk. Eighteen members of the House GOP conference fired off a letter to Twitter’s board of directors asking it to preserve all records linked to Musk’s offer to buy the social media platform, according to CNBC. The letter, which was signed by GOP representatives on the House Judiciary Committee led by Jim Jordan of Ohio, was addressed to Twitter Board Chairman Bret Taylor and other directors. “As Congress continues to examine Big Tech and how to best protect Americans’ free speech rights, this letter serves as a formal request that you preserve all records and materials relating to Musk’s offer to purchase Twitter, including Twitter’s consideration and response to this offer, and Twitter’s evaluation of its shareholder interests with respect to Musk’s offer,” the letter read. “You should construe this preservation notice as an instruction to take all reasonable steps to prevent the destruction or alteration, whether intentionally or negligently, of all documents, communications, and other information, including electronic information and metadata, that is or may be potentially responsive to this congressional inquiry.” The Post has reached out to Twitter seeking comment. Twitter has drawn the ire of Republicans and their supporters over a perceived effort to censor right-leaning views and banish voices who don’t adhere to liberal politics. Musk told Twitter’s board the social network “has potential to be the platform for free speech around the globe” — an approach that has unleashed speculation he would reinstate Donald Trump’s Twitter account, which was shut down following the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot. Twitter also angered Republicans when it blocked access to a New York Post story about Hunter Biden’s laptop computer just weeks before the 2020 presidential election. On Thursday, Musk disclosed in a regulatory filing that he has secured $46.5 billion in financing toward his Twitter acquisition bid. That money could fuel a hostile takeover of the company through a tender offer, or bid to buy stock directly from shareholders, if Twitter’s board continues to oppose his effort. Twitter’s board previously enacted a “poison pill” provision aimed at preventing Musk from acquiring more than 15% of the company. As The Post reported, Musk is also in talks with Chicago-based buyout firm Thoma Bravo about partnering on a potential takeover bid – a deal that sources said could be a precursor to a formal binding offer.