The sun is out, and with each passing day, it gets hotter and hotter. With that, we recommend bringing out your beach umbrellas and beach chairs, putting on your favorite swimsuits and trunks and dashing to the ocean water. Don’t live near a beach? Don’t worry we have your covered. You can still have some serious fun outdoors. Instead of dipping your toes in the sand, simply opt for an inflatable pool (and some pool floats, too). To help you find the best inflatable pools for summer 2022, we rounded up some of the best options on Amazon.com. You’re sure to find something you like, as the below options range from small inflatable pools to deep inflatable pools. If you’re in the market for a hot tub as well, check out our top picks here. Need a pool that fits the whole family? Then, you’ve found it! This large inflatable pool measures 120″ x 110″ x 18″ inches when inflated. You can also l look forward to two air-cushioned backrests, puncture-resistant material, a drain plug and a two-in-one valve for easy inflation and deflation. Get trendy this summer with this three-in-one kiddie pool. Fill it with pillows and blankets to rest in outside, fill with water to take a dip or plug it into sprinklers to experience your very own water park. In just 15 minutes, you can enjoy a 2.5 foot high inflatable pool that holds over 1,000 gallons of water.  Best of all, it’s large and deep enough for everyone to have a good time. Kids just want to have fun, and they can with this inflatable play center. Look forward to a water slide, inflatable arch, flamingo, monkey, ring toss and five balls that fit into the walls of the pool. Pack in the whole family with this 120″ x 72″ x 22″ inch size swimming pool. It holds 312 gallons of water, features thick material that’s difficult to puncture and can be inflated within three to four minutes. Get fancy with the FUNBOY luxury pool. Based in Venice Beach, California, FUNBOY is home to some of the best summer goodies out there. Choose from an array of patterns and designs. Measuring 118″ x 69″ x 21″, this large kiddie pool is great for everyone. Two adults and four kids can comfortably fit in the space, while the material is strong and sturdy. Measuring 95″ x 56″ x 22″, this shaded pool features a UPF50+ sun canopy ideal for keeping you and your loved ones safe from the sun. You can also opt for the same shaded pool in a larger size for $90 here. No matter which one you choose, don’t forget your sunscreen! Featuring a drain pump, repair patch and a comfortable seating area, this round inflatable pool is great for lounging while staying cool. The pool measures 90 x 86 x 31 inches. Choose between blue and pink to find your little one’s favorite color. Your kiddo will also love the soft padded inflatable floor while you’ll love the 8 x 47 inch size. There’s nothing cuter than a mint inflatable pool featuring scalloped edges. Simply pour some cocktails and get swimming. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.