Want to give the ultimate gardening gift this Mother’s Day? We say grow for it. Finding the perfect gardening gift for mom can be tricky, especially when there are so many options readily available. However, giving the gift of greenery isn’t a lost cause. All you need is some advice and great product recommendations (and that’s what we’re here for). From actual flowers and indoor gardens to plant-related presents to use this upcoming summer, we’ve cultivated a blooming list of ideas for mom — whether she has a green thumb or not. Speaking of green, we also have a wide variety of prices included, making sure to fit your budget and needs. See below for our top choices you’ll want to pick. Don’t forget to checkout our other plant-lover roundups such as the best plant accessories, best fake plants and best plant subscription services. Any gardener would love this personalized garden tote that comes with all the gardening tools they’d ever need. Make mom feels extra special by gifting her a pair of blooming earrings. She’ll be turning heads everywhere she goes. This monthly flower subscription from The Bouqs is a thoughtful gift mom will love. You can gift these flower bouquets as often as every week or as little as once a month. If mom loves gardening but doesn’t have a good amount of outdoor space, the Click & Grow Smart Garden is a great option. We did a review of both the Smart Garden 3 and the Smart Garden 9, if you needed any extra convincing. Every garden-lover needs their own set of tools. But makes mom’s extra special by gifting her a set that’s equally as cute as it is effective. If she loves plants and flowers, she’ll will definitely appreciate this unique terrarium-esque candle from UncommonGoods. Gift mom a set of ceramic pots. She can fill them with plants, use them as makeup brush holders or whatever her heart desires. After all, it is her day. This watercolor herb wall art from Pottery Barn will give the perfect touch to any space. Gift the momma in your life this nifty harvest basket to make gathering all of their green thumb successes extra easy. Enjoy stunning plants and architecture from the comfort of your coffee table with this hardcover book from Amazon. “Botanical Buildings” is a great pick for any plant-lover, or even those that love travel and have to spend the winter inside. This dried flower arrangement from East Olivia is a beautiful gift for beginner gardeners and plant lovers since it requires no maintenance and looks stunning. Any gardener would be proud to rep this “Life gathers around plants” T-shirt from Bloomscape. If her home looks like a greenhouse, she’ll definitely appreciate a monthly plant subscription from The Sill. We had the pleasure of reviewing the subscription service so you don’t have to. Don’t just gift a plant, but be sure to include the tools she’ll need to help it thrive from Horti. The online plant shop sells the Grooming Kit for just that, with your choice of a Satin Pothos, Golden/Marble Pothos or a Neon Pothos, as well as a hand painted terracotta pot and saucer, a pocket pruner multi tool, a care card and more. This adult coloring book is filled with anxiety-soothing and calming “Secret Garden” prints that are bound to get them in a good mood. If your mom’s family members are living in different towns, states or even countries, this signpost can be completely customized with their names and distances to keep them close to her heart while they garden. This luxurious watering can from Williams Sonoma is made of brass from England and is bound to make showering the garden or plants that much sweeter. This cocktail grow kit includes seeds for all the fixins she’ll need for a flavorful cocktail. It features thyme, lavender, Thai basil, mint, lemon balm, blue borage seeds and fun cocktail recipes. Any plant-lover would want this beautiful elevated garden bed made of out cedar to grow all their veggies and fruits. A good pair of shoes is definitely important for avid gardeners and this pair of Chelsea boots from L.L. Bean are a great option. They’re completely waterproof and come in three colors: black, navy blue and green. Make flower bulb shopping even easier with this bulb-of-the-month club subscription from Harry & David that comes in three variations three, six or 12 months. This simple and abstract poster from Society6 comes in a variety of sizes and would make a fabulous piece of affordable wall art for any space. If she is more of a succulent fan, then she’ll need this beautiful brass mister to take care of all the plant babies. If mom has a sense of humor, she will fall over laughing due to these witty wine glasses. Just record her reaction when she opens them up! Enhance her space with leaves and greenery — no green thumb required. These adorable plush pillows come in a variety of leaf shapes and colors, turning her bedroom or living area into a garden oasis sans the dirt and pots. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.