Wayfair’s highly anticipated Way Day 2022 sale kicks off today, April 27, until April 28. If you’re in the market for a new mattress, TV stand, desk, bar stool, outdoor furniture, or whatever else you may need for your home, now’s the time to get it. Why? Because everything on Wayfair currently ships for free, is up to 80% off and may even be on the list for limited-time flash sales. Since the retailer is slashing prices on hundreds of items, getting overwhelmed is a reality many will face. Luckily, the New York Post is here to help. To make your shopping experience that much more enjoyable, we scoured the Wayfair website and found the best rated, most discounted and highly-coveted Way Day 2022 products. Keep reading to shop the sale, or click here to shop the entire Wayfair Way Day 2022 sale. Obtain optimal sleep or extra privacy with these black out curtains. They are silky, soft and stylish while still blocking out unwanted light. Mix to your heart’s desire with this KitchenAid stand mixer. It’s durable, built to last and get’s the job done. Add some elegance to your space with this geometric rug. The ornate design mixed with the plush stain-resistant and fade-resistant material is unmatched. Whether you set this cabinet up in your bathroom, bedroom or kitchen, you’ll gain instant access to storage galore. Cabinet features include one door, three drawers and three shelves. If you’re a cottagecore lover, this one is for you. These country-style dinning chairs are made of ensolid rubberwood and are enhanced with distressed details. Backed by a one-year warranty, these side chairs are the perfect addition to any home. When extra guests stroll in, simply pull one of these chairs up to the table. Searching for a mid-century sofa that screams style? Then, you’ve found it. This couch is colorful, pet and family friendly and easy to assemble. Add some color and a pop of spring into your home with this canvas print. The giclee canvas is wrapped over wooden stretcher bars. Perfect for working from home, filing taxes or online shopping, this L-shape desk is next-level. To save space, simply roll the second part in and voila — you know have one compact standard desk. Enjoy some crisp, flavorful food with this top-rated Cuisinart Air Fryer. To use, simply turn the knob and set the timer. It’s that easy. Enjoy freshly brewed coffee with added cream for an elevated espresso experience. The machine uses both large and small capsule sizes and comes with 14 Nespresso capsules. A food processor and blender? Yes, please! You’ll be blending, stirring and mixing in no time. Best of all, it will make your time in the kitchen that much more enjoyable. Add some extra storage to your space with this upholstered bench. Fill it with blankets, seasonal clothing, shoes and more. Spring is here and summer is right around the corner. Prepare for all of those barbecues and that outdoor fun with this wicker patio set. Choose from six various cushion colors that are all water-resistant and enjoy a tough, steel frame. Gamers, get excited. This L-shaped desk is made with stainless steel, features a matte finish and includes lights on the underside of the shelves. Made with four open shelves, made from wood and complete with neutral wood, this TV stand is both functional and fashionable. 100% hand painted, this gold print will make any room luxurious. Wall mounting hardware is also included for installation. Help your pet get up and off your bed with ease — especially your elder pets in need of some extra love. Your pet can also enjoy felt on each step to provide any slipping and sliding. Made to be compact, this six person dining set is ideal for smaller spaces. Everyone needs a toilet paper holder, but a toilet paper holder with an added shelf for wipes and more? Yes, please! Make sure your pup travels with ease in this pet stroller. Now, they can go everywhere you do! Allow yourself to drift away on this pillow top mattress. It combines the comfort of springs, memory foam and comfort foam. What’s better than a super chic office chair? A super chic office chair hand-curated by Kelly Clarkson! Further features include a modified wingback design, a rounded back and sloped arm rests. Choose from an array of colors and decorate your home with this practical end table. Use it beside or your bed or coach and look forward to a classic wood frame. Complete you mid-century home with these two chairs. Being that they’re well-built, comfortable and stylish, you won’t regret this purchase. Choose from five colors and enjoy this rustic farmhouse TV stand. Made for TVs up to 70″ inches big, you’ll have more than enough space to decorate and display. Both cabinets also open to hide media players, while the shelves add the perfect amount of charm and practicality. A $16 carpet? Yes, please! Right now, you can score a 2’x3′ rectangle carpet for 78% off. If you need a larger sized carpet, opt for a size up to 9’3″x12’6″. Various colors, styles and shapes are also available. Get rid of unwanted pet hair with this lightweight, long corded vacuum cleaner. LED lights illuminate stains, the CleanShot Pretreater gets the tough messes out and the Express Clean Mode dries carpets in an hour or less. You can also score a $50 gift card with purchase. When you opt for this mattress, you say yes to medium support, cooling technology, low-motion transfer and breathable construction. We also love how this mattress comes in a box and expands to the wanted size and shape. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.