TV news legend Bill O’Reilly is back on camera — but not in the way he might want. The cantankerous veteran broadcaster, 72, was busted berating a JetBlue staff member at New York’s JFK Airport on April 3, with the incident caught on video by an eyewitness. The now-viral footage shows O’Reilly aggressively swearing and pointing his finger at the male airline employee, before stating: “You’re gonna lose your job.” In the minute-long clip, the former longtime Fox News ratings leader can be seen with his face mask pulled down around his chin as he speaks with the man at a ticket counter. “What are you gonna do” … it’s three hours late,” the khaki-clad commentator angrily states. The pair have a back and forth exchange, much of which is inaudible, before O’Reilly — who now hosts the “No Spin News and Analysis” podcast — scolds: “Don’t f–king start, don’t f–king talk to me like that!” “You’re threatening me with violence, man,” the unnamed JetBlue employee responds. O’Reilly heatedly denies the assertion, snapping back: “No I’m not. You’re the one [saying] ‘I dare you … I dare you.’ Is that what you said to me?” The one-time anchor subsequently storms off, with fellow travelers seen looking confused by the altercation. The bystander who shot the video told South West News Service: “I was so taken aback, I couldn’t believe how arrogant he was. That poor JetBlue guy just works there, it’s not his fault the flight was delayed, he’s just trying to do his job. O’Reilly later said in a statement that the flight was eventually delayed by five hours, and that it was the airport worker who was arrogant — not him. O’Reilly was Fox News’ biggest star before a series of allegations were made public in 2017.  It was reported at the time that the network had settled five lawsuits with women who had accused him of sexual misconduct. Two of the suits were for sexual harassment —  costing the company around $13 million. He was ousted from Fox a short time after the scandals broke. In the five years since, O’Reilly has kept busy writing books. His forthcoming tome, “Killing the Killers,” is set for release in May. Meanwhile, JetBlue spokesman Derek Dombrowski said that he could not comment on the altercation between O’Reilly and the airline employee until he had seen the video.