Uber’s price surgeYou report that critics of Uber call that company’s rising fares “downright unethical” (“We are being taken for a ride,” April 15).Prices reflect underlying realities of demand and supply. In New York City, rising crime (thanks, Bill de Blasio!) simultaneously raises the demand for Uber rides as it lowers the supply of such rides.These realities cannot help but push fares upward. The supply of rides is further reduced — and, hence, fares further raised — by rising fuel costs (thanks, environmentalists!) and the continued use of the medallion system to artificially limit the number of taxicabs.Blaming high fares on Uber makes no more sense than blaming, say, a city’s high murder rate on a newspaper that accurately reports crime statistics. Ride-share fares will remain high in Gotham for as long as these underlying problems persist.Donald BoudreauxFairfax, Va. Attack on IsraelWhen Israel signed the Oslo Accords, the Arabs of Palestine got their first opportunity to live under the administration of leaders of their own choosing (“What set off this eruption of terror,” Benjamin Kerstein, April 11).Unfortunately, those chosen leaders have betrayed their people’s trust. Instead of preparing their people for life in a Palestinian state co-existing with the nation-state of the Jews, Palestinian leaders have taught their people to hate Jews and rewarded them for killing Jews, while the leaders embezzled funds donated for the people’s benefit and diverted humanitarian aid to efforts to destroy Israel.No one should be surprised that violence against Israelis typically increases during Ramadan. Palestinians have been taught that killing Jews paves the road to entry into Muslim heaven. And, of course, violence must be the response to the “dangerous” Abraham Accords. Acceptance of a Jewish state in the Middle East is treason. No matter that the Jews’ ancestral homeland was centered in Jerusalem.Toby F. BlockAtlantaDetective droughtI want to commend the New York Post for informing your readers about the terrible situation in Seattle (“Seattle has no detectives to probe sex assaults,” April 13).Do we need any more proof of the absurdity of the “defund the police” insanity? If the “defund” maniacs in New York City like Jumaane Williams and Ron Kuby get their way, things will turn out to be just as bad for the victims of crimes in this city.John Francis FoxSunnysideCash-crazy YankTo date, Aaron Judge (along with Yankee teammate Anthony Rizzo) is unvaccinated for COVID (“Mile$ apart,” April 14).This coming May 2, 3 and 4, the Yankees travel to Toronto to play the Blue Jays, this season’s toughest divisional and league opponent. Unless Canada’s COVID policy loosens up, Judge won’t be permitted to cross the border to play.The Yankees can ill afford to lose many of the season’s games in Toronto. Judge missing those games could ruin the 2022 season for the team. All this while Judge looks for a bigger offer in his negotiations for a long-term contract to be one of the highest-paid players in the game. Judge says he’s all about the team.I’ve seen Judge up close and have found him to be a good ambassador for the game, probably a future Yankee “captain.”But all of that might come crashing down should Judge come out of this looking bad. Judge, who by most accounts comes from a very good family, spent years reminding me of Derek Jeter. His last 30 days of greed are now reminding me of Alex Rodriguez.Dennis KerbisStaten Island Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.