Kane Tanaka, a Japanese woman who was certified as the world’s oldest person, died last Tuesday at 119 years old. Officials reported that the supercentenarian died of old age at a hospital in Fukuoka city, the Independent reported. A week before her death, Tanaka’s family had posted a tweet claiming that she’d recently been “hospitalized and discharged repeatedly,” but was still enjoying chocolate and fizzy drinks — reportedly her favorite foods, ABC reported. She was quoted by her relatives as saying: “I was able to come this far with the support of many people. I hope you will continue to have fun, [and be] cheerful and energetic.” Born Jan. 2, 1903, in the Fukuoka Prefecture, Tanaka was confirmed by Guinness in 2019 as the oldest person on Earth at the age of 116 years. To put the super senior’s age in perspective, Tanaka was born the same year as pop singer Bing Crosby, baseball legend Lou Gehrig and civil rights leader Ella Baker. That year, the first west-east transatlantic radio broadcast was sent from the United States to England, and Orville and Wilbur Wright achieved the world’s first-ever airplane flight. The news marks the end of a long and fruitful life for Tanaka, who was the seventh born out of nine siblings and got married at the age of 19, Kyodo reports. She reportedly took over her family’s noodle shop when her husband and eldest son left to fight in the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937. Tanaka’s late husband, Hideo, died in 1993. Tanaka never divulged the secret to her longevity, although she was known for waking up at 6 a.m. and spending her afternoons practicing mathematics and calligraphy to keep her mind sharp. In fact, she became such an expert at the classic board game Othello that she’d frequently beat the retirement home staffers. The sensational senior also took precautions to preserve her health during the coronavirus pandemic. For example, Tanaka had been selected as a torchbearer at the postponed 2020 Tokyo Olympics this past summer but pulled out due to the surge of COVID-19 cases in Japan at the time. Tanaka had hoped to reach her 120th birthday before she died. Mourners have since flooded social media with tributes to Tanaka. “I am extremely saddened by the news,” said Fukuoka governor Seitaro Hattori. “I was looking forward to seeing Kane-san on this year’s Respect for the Aged Day and celebrating together with her favorite soda and chocolate.” Guinness mourned Tanaka’s passing on Twitter, writing: “We’re sad to report that Kane Tanaka has passed away at the age of 119.” In it, they noted that the Japanese national was the “second oldest person ever recorded, behind only Jeanne Calment who lived to the age of 122.” Tanaka is the third “oldest” person in the world to be verified by Guinness, along with Calment and Sarah Knauss of the US who also reached the age of 119. Japan reportedly has one of the highest longevity rates in the world. According to a recent study conducted by Nippon.com, Japan’s number of centenarians has increased significantly in the last 60 years. The nonprofit Japanese news, travel and communication website analyzed data from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and found that country had 86,510 centenarians on record in 2021. A little more than 88% of those centenarians are women. 