New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York.  The NBA playoff first round matchups continue to fill our screens this week, as teams look to seal their place in the second round. The Nets lost the third game in their series against the Celtics, with Brooklyn now sitting at 0-3. Boston could take the series tonight should they win, with Brooklyn at sixes and sevens. Elsewhere, Denver Nuggets got on the board to trail 3-1 to the Warriors, with the return of Nikola Jokic proving vital to the Nuggets success. The 76ers hold a 3-1 lead over the Toronto Raptors, and can seal a series win at home this evening. The Mavericks and Jazz are tied at two games each, with a tough to call contest taking place tonight. The UEFA Champions League semifinals kick off this week, with just four teams left in the competition. Manchester City fought off Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals, and now face their rivals Real Madrid in one half of the draw. Los Galacticos took down Chelsea in extra time in their quarter-final, with Karim Benzema’s extra-time winner proving enough. Villarreal stormed into Munich and pulled off the upset of the competition so far, to earn themselves a trip to Anfield to face six-time winners Liverpool. The Reds beat Benfica in the quarterfinals, and are brimming with confidence after a win in the Merseyside Derby. New York Mets improved to 12-5 on the season, having gone 3-0 over the Diamondbacks over the weekend. The Yankees have also turned around from a poor start, and now sit at 10-6 on top of the AL East. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.  Love a parlay bet? Then you’ll love this NBA Parlay boost offer. All customers can grab a 25% NBA Parlay profit boost this Monday and Tuesday! Each Customer will receive one Profit Boost to use on either Monday (4/25) or Tuesday (4/26). Please note: Wagers must be placed on a parlay with 4+ legs, with miniumum odds +400. Max stake $50. 