OK, real talk — we all love a good swimsuit that’ll have us snatched and secured for summer. But, splurging on one? Not for everyone. With the advent of Amazon (hallelujah) comes the added charm of having anything from its sworn-in best-sellers to flattering cocktail dresses shipped to your door like that. Of course, now’s the perfect time to add a swimsuit (or two) to your Amazon cart just in time for sweltering, warm temps — of which you’ll be enjoying in the water with a pool float or while lounging in your outdoor patio furniture and reading some of the hottest books for summer. It simply doesn’t get better than that. Ahead, find the 25 best swimsuits under $35 on Amazon that are so cute, we added them to our carts, too. Perhaps you’ll pick up one of our favorite swimsuit cover-ups, too, and soak in all of the bargains and bikini beauts the retailer has to offer. Oh, and don’t forget about the best facial sunscreens and expert-picked moisturizers with SPF to accompany you on your R&R time outside (you need those for supreme protection). Note: many of the following styles come in various prints and sizes, including petite and plus-sized options. As an Amazon best-seller, Suukess’ Wrap Bikini Set is a two-piece we can’t get over. We want to add all of its dazzling patterns to our cart, but you can’t go wrong with a black and leopard duo that’s sexy and summer-ready, all in one. For unbeatable comfort, look no further than Omkagi’s Bandeau Bikini Set. The stretchable, ruffled top paired with high-waisted bottoms won’t ever go out of style. Plus, the dainty spaghetti straps add a flattering touch. If there’s one swimsuit we have our eyes on, it’s Blooming Jelly’s High-Waisted Bikini Set. The exaggerated bottoms and sweet bow-tie front top is a subtle step above the timeless classic. Not to mention, the color selection is vast, with navy being a top choice. If you feel more comfortable in a one-piece swimsuit but want to look seamless and confident, Cupshe’s Tummy-Control One-Piece Swimsuit is the $30 option you’ve been waiting for. Its ruched bodice is truly sexy, along with this summertime-ready teal. Tankinis are still in the swimsuit biz, and we love Bikinix’s Tummy-Control style for all things pool, ocean and lounging. The top fits in all the right places, with the bottoms giving you just the right amount of coverage to feel comfortable and relaxed. For some, push-up bikinis are all the rage (and, respectfully so — they provide a sexy, boosted-up fit). This colorblock style from Actloe has a two-toned pattern that looks way more expensive than it actually is. Plus, you’ll be sure to rein in all the compliments. As a personal favorite, Cupshe’s Leafy Wrap Bikini Set has a detail-minded top and fun bottoms to make you feel good all around. What’s more, Cupshe is one of the best swimsuit brands you can shop on Amazon, so it’s worth adding a couple picks to your Prime-ready cart. If you’re looking for a modest swimsuit that’s still fabulous for soaking in the sun, the SouqFone Two-Piece Bathing Suit is just too cute. The leafy, green-embossed pattern makes you feel like you’re on the tropics, too, and the ruffled detail is unbeatable. This pastel ombre bikini is just shy of $20 and doesn’t skip on the summertime energy. It’s the classic string-tie look we deem perfect for the pool of beach, too, and it won’t be long before everyone and their mother is asking where you got it. The picnic meets the beach with Cupshe’s High-Waisted Falbala Bikini Set. From the bold ruffled top to the sweet ruched bottom, we’re thanking the heavens it’s available on Amazon. The timeless look of a simplistic bikini is a purchase you’ll never forget. This no-frills red bikini is flattering, affordable and, if there’s another color on your wishlist, there’s a whole bunch to choose from. This push-up halter top is one of the most flattering we’ve seen, along with the high-waisted bottoms that complete the look. For a classic one-piece swimsuit that offers a subtly sexy look, Sociala has a gorgeous style that comes in a few select colors. Specifically, this emerald tone is captivating, and we love the peephole cutout at the center. Criss-cross is a cute look, so go all out with Chryii’s High-Waisted Swimsuit that comes in an array of fun colors. As soon as we saw this lavender (that’s sure to make anyone look tan, TBH), we knew it was the one we had to feature. Ideal for vacations or on summertime days when you want to feel a bit leveled up from the rest of your swimwear options, dress in Treyboy’s One-Shoulder Push-Up Bikini. It’s the closest set you’ll order to channel your inner Greek goddess (and boy, do we love the ruching!) Chocolate brown is having a moment and we don’t think it’s going to end anytime soon. This sexy, ring-accented bikini is less than $25, too, and we love the style so much we recommend browsing its other colors. For a fun cutout that’s poised and perfect on any body type, Meyeeka’s style is less than $20, has super-thin spaghetti straps (which come in handy to avoid thick tan lines) and is offered in a variety of colors for some splish-splash fun. With adjustable straps you can remove (yay for no tan lines!), Shekini’s Bandeau V-Wired Bikini is made with beautiful, durable fabric and gives you some of the best support we’ve found. Plus, it comes in some other colors should it be your next summertime staple (spoiler alert: it will be). We love swimsuits that are a bit different from the pack, and that’s exactly what Mooslover’s One-Shoulder High-Waisted Bikini is: tie-topped, high-waisted and beautifully patterned. Oh, and we can’t believe it’s just $24. It’s a one-piece, but it offers the trendiness of a bikini. From Eomenie’s cross-over top and fun-patterned bottom, this halter-necked, supportive swimsuit is everything we could ask for. Hello, ruffles! Peddney’s Ruffled Two-Piece Bathing Suit comes in a slew of bold, cheery summertime colors. We adore the top and exaggerated ruched bottoms, too. Not to mention, it’s a clear-cut affordable option to those designer ones with a similar style. If Elle Woods had to sponsor a bikini, it would be this one. Why we love it? Aside from its hot pink, push-up nature, its bottoms are one of our favorites; it looks like you have a built-in sarong when, really, it’s a fun accent you won’t find elsewhere. There’s so much charm to Esonlar’s Ring Detail One-Piece Bathing Suit, if we’re being honest. The unique straps, dramatic cut-out and push-up style just scream “flattering,” with the one-shoulder and peachy color the cherry to the sundae. It comes in other colors, too, for just $25. Holipick’s Push-Up Bikini is the hidden gem as far as Amazon swimsuits go, with its twin ties on the bottoms adorable and the frills on the top just spot-on cute. It’s one worth picking up for the season, for sure. Yes, we do have an obsession with Cupshe, though for a good reason — all of their suits are spectacularly made. This royal blue and tangerine floral number is too cute to neglect, giving us that fun, summertime energy we’re so looking forward to. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.