The damage done to the most effective and professional police department in the country by the idiots who ran this city for eight years continues to manifest itself every day (“Shattered in a hail of gunfire,” April 3). The transfer of power from the good guys to the bad guys resulted in the lawless environment we now live in. The audacity displayed by the murderers who shot up a car parked on a Brooklyn street, killing a 12-year-old boy, tells us all we need to know about how criminals have been emboldened by the idiotic policies of the progressive left. To operate effectively again, NYPD officers need the trust and support they have earned, which was unjustly taken from them by Mayor Bill de Blasio and his band of nitwits. Thomas Urban Wantagh The silence from Black Lives Matter, the defund-the-police camp and those opposing Mayor Adams’ plans to reduce gun violence is deafening. If the murder of 12-year-old Kade Lewin doesn’t wake up these people, nothing will. James Johnson Brooklyn Another murder of an innocent child with no end in sight. There must be swift and certain punishment of the guilty party, and in order for that to happen, the court system must be adequately funded. There must be enough judges, court officers and public defenders. Without them, the system can’t function properly and quickly. Reasonable bail reform was essential. However, obviously guilty individuals who often are repeat offenders should be treated differently. Public safety must be the No. 1 priority of our criminal justice system. Judges should be respected enough to make decisions on bail. There must not be a one-size-fits-all approach. Alan Podhaizer Brooklyn The scourge of violence will not stop with phony rhetoric from spineless politicians. I’m sick of hearing the perfidious fools in office uttering their usual mantra of: “Our prayers go out to you.” Another child is laid to rest and the nonsense on left continues ad nauseam. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. How horrible is it in our city that 12-year-olds are being shot while eating in a car? Where is the outrage? Bail reform must be fixed. The criminals have more rights than the tax-paying citizens. Crime and violence are taking over. Uninformed Americans who live in a bubble and do not understand the plight of city-dwellers need to open their eyes to the violence. Unless the thugs are taken off the streets and subways, our city is doomed to be very rich and very poor. The middle class has no choice but to move. It is our own leaders who are destroying our country by chipping away at what made America great. Maureen Sharkey Brooklyn A 12-year-old boy, just sitting in a car, was killed by gunfire. How many more of these senseless killings have to happen? When are the politicians going make changes to the bail reform, which keep allowing criminals with long rap sheets back on the street to commit the same crimes? The answer is never, so the only solution is to vote them out. From the city to the state level, it’s time for them to go. Wake up, people. You keep voting for these stubborn clowns, and this is going to keep happening. Don’t wonder why there is a new shooting every day when you choose to keep voting for them. Rob Cerone Manhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.