While politicians play politics and conspire on how best to spin the violence, destruction and death created by their disastrous criminal-justice reforms, two more families are identifying their teenage children’s bodies at the morgue: one in The Bronx due to a teenager with a gun and another in Mount Vernon at the hands of a schoolmate with a knife. What is President Biden, Sen. Chuck Schumer and the band of idiots in Albany’s answer to stop this blood bath amongst our children? Ghost guns. Blaming ghosts instead of criminals that knowingly and intentionally pull a trigger or thrust a knife into another person’s body will save everyone. Thank God we have such amazing leadership. A “ghost” didn’t kill 16-year-old Angellyh Yambo, described as “the sweetest girl you will ever meet.” A brazen criminal pulled the trigger. Jeremiah Ryan, 17, allegedly was trying to kill someone else when he ended her life, and shot two other teenagers, wounding them. decided to pull out his very real gun, pull the very real trigger and inflict very real and final consequences on a very real 16-year-old girl. Children are no longer safe walking to or from school, playing in the park, taking the bus or the subway or walking in the streets with their parents. Ghosts are not to blame; the criminals that commit these acts are. A ghost gun certainly is not responsible for the brutal stabbing of multiple teenagers at a school parade not too far from where Angellyh was shot and killed. Another criminal intentionally drove a knife into their bodies, killing one of them. So how will Chuck Schumer and his ghost gun busters explain the death of this 16-year-old who was a cheerleader for Mount Vernon High School? While our so-called leaders waste precious time focusing on whether a gun is traceable, people are dying, children are dying, and lives are being destroyed. What we really should be tracing is whether these criminals with no regard for human life should have been on the street. Why are we not tracing where the parents are of these teenage murderers? Jeremiah Ryan, a “good kid’’ in his own family’s words, was posing with guns online since age 12. Where was his mother? His father? Where were the authority figures? What about the intervention and services we were promised would prevent this exact tragedy? Could the police have done something or were their hands tied by legislation? The criminal element is emboldened by recent criminal-justice reforms such as Raise the Age, bail reform and Less Is More as well as the cry for lenient sentencing by the same politicians who passed these deadly reforms — who now scream fake outrage over ghost guns. Every New Yorker should be outraged. More and more voters now realize the game our so-called leaders are playing with optics to try to save their jobs. This cannot be a “Ban ghost gun sales and we’re done” approach while they hope the clock runs out until November. Weapons, whether they are guns, knives, hammers, hatchets or bricks, are the tools. Ghosts don’t pick them up and use them or pull the trigger, criminals do. And now two more teenagers are dead while we pray elected officials put people over politics before we have to bury more innocent casualties. Jennifer Harrison is a survivor of a homicide victim, a victim advocate since 2005 and the founder of Victims Rights NY.