Check out the latest NFL Draft futures odds for the 2022 event and get our expert’s analysis of the best players for key odds markets. We’ll be tracking three markets in the lead-up to April’s NFL Draft — odds to be the No. 1 pick, first quarterback drafted and first running-back drafted. All three markets feature odds-on favorites with Travon Walker (-225), Malik Willis (-160) and Breece Hall (-275) leading the respective markets. Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at the time of publication and subject to change.  Aidan Hutchinson was the long time market leader to be taken by the Jacksonville Jaguars, but stiff money in Vegas has come in hard thinking that the Jags will take Travon Walker first overall. Some lucky bettors out there would have taken advantage of prices as high as +2800 back in March, as the former Georgia Bulldog is the bookies favorite to be the first name called. Walker’s rise is emblematic of how the 2022 draft class lacks a star who has put himself head and shoulders above the pack. It has always been a two-horse race between Liberty’s Malik Willis and Pittsburgh’s Kenny Pickett to be the first quarterback off the board, but Willis actually overtook the Pitt product. Pickett opened as the consensus favorite to become the first signal caller drafted, but concerns over Pickett’s hand size saw Willis overtake him as the favorite. Pickett’s hand measurement came in at 8 5/8 inches, about an inch shy of the average NFL quarterback’s hand size. As the calendar turned to March, Willis moved a near even money favorite which he paired with strong performances at the NFL combine and his Liberty pro day to eventually become an odds-on favorite in the market.  Much like the quarterback prop market, the race to be the first running-back drafted has always been between two prospects. Breece Hall, the tailback from Iowa State, opened as an odds-on favorite to be the first RB off the board while Kenneth Walker of Michigan State has always provided a distant challenge to lay stake to the claim of being the first RB selected. Neither Hall nor Walker did anything at the NFL combine to adjust the odds as both posted near identical 40-yard dash times (Walker – 4.38, Hall – 4.39) with Hall posting a better vertical jump and broad jump. 