Hundreds of protesters gathered outside a Michigan police station Wednesday after officials released footage of a black man being shot in the back of the head in a struggle during a traffic stop on April 4. Patrick Lyoya, 26, a native of the Democratic Republic of Congo, was killed by a white officer who had stopped him for driving a car with a license plate that wasn’t registered to the vehicle. The suspect got out of the car against the officer’s commands and tried to run away from him, video showed. He then tried to grab the officer’s stun gun in a struggle that lasted about 90 seconds, police said. Lyoya was eventually forced to the ground by the cop, who kneeled on his back in an effort to subdue him while ordering him to “Drop the Taser!,” according to the footage. Grand Rapids Police Chief Eric Winstrom released four videos of the deadly encounter, including footage shot from Lyoya’s passenger, who had gotten out of the car to film the altercation. “I view it as a tragedy. … It was a progression of sadness for me,” said Winstrom, a former Chicago police commander who cited the need for transparency in connection with the incident. “From my view of the video, Taser was deployed twice. Taser did not make contact,” Winstrom said. “And Mr. Lyoya was shot in the head. However, that’s the only information that I have.” For the second straight night, chants of “Black lives matter” and “No justice, no peace” filled the streets of Grand Rapids as protestors railed against the police department, accusing it of deploying excessive force and racism against the uncooperative suspect, according to footage shared by WWMT. Some businesses had boarded up their storefronts to protect against the possibility of protests turning violent. Lyoya’s shooting death was under investigation by state police, who were awaiting the results of a toxicology test from the medical examiner. “While the videos released today are an important piece of evidence, they are not all of the evidence,” said prosecutor Chris Becker, who objected to the public disclosure. Loyaya left behind two young daughters and five siblings, according to Gov. Gretchen Whitmer. “He arrived in the United States as a refugee with his family fleeing violence. He had his whole life ahead of him,” the Democrat said. The unidentified officer who pulled the trigger is a seven-year veteran that was placed on paid leave while officials probe the shooting. With AP wires