Hunter Biden’s wife Melissa Cohen was spotted out and about in Southern California this weekend — grabbing lunch and running errands — while President Biden’s son has remained out of sight for nearly two weeks as he remains under scrutiny for his business dealings in Ukraine and China. On Friday, Cohen, 35, was seen leaving celebrity hot spot Nobu in Malibu after a two-hour lunch and was later spotted shopping with her and Biden’s son, Beau, at Erewhon Market near Brentwood. One day later, Cohen was seen picking up laundry in Santa Monica. She was accompanied by Secret Service agents dressed in plain clothes during all three outings. Cohen has been married to the president’s son since May 2019 — just days after they first met. She gave birth to their son — named after Biden’s late brother — in March 2020. Since late last month, Biden has remained out of sight. He was last spotted with Cohen and their son leaving the Giorgio Baldi restaurant in Santa Monica on March 30 — the same day the Washington Post admitted the authenticity of the emails from Biden’s infamous laptop, first reported on by the New York Post a year and a half before. The New York Times also belatedly confirmed the authenticity of the emails just two weeks before. In October 2020, The Post revealed Biden’s business dealings in Ukraine and China in a series of reports after obtaining the hard drive of a laptop the first son left behind at a computer repair shop in Delaware in April 2019. The hard drive included many emails and documents that detailed how Biden was paid as much as $50,000 a month to sit on the board of Burisma, a Ukrainian energy company. It also alleges how he introduced executives of the company to his father when he was vice president in the Obama administration. Former Hunter Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski has confirmed that Joe Biden was “the big guy” mentioned in a May 13, 2017, email that outlined a “provisional agreement” to distribute equity shares in a company created for a planned joint venture with a Chinese energy conglomerate. “I have heard Joe Biden say he has never discussed his dealings with Hunter. That is false,” Bobulinski said in October 2020. “I have firsthand knowledge about this because I directly dealt with the Biden family, including Joe Biden.” Biden — as well as Cohen — has defended himself against the allegations, and in November told The Post, “There’s always a smart-ass in the bunch,” when asked if he has gotten the computer back since it was seized by the FBI. “It doesn’t exist,” Cohen jokingly chimed in at the time. The Post has not spotted Hunter Biden in public since his last dinner outing with his family last month, making it likely that he is lying low at their Malibu home. Earlier this month, reports revealed the Secret Service is paying more than $30,000 a month in rent to protect Biden’s nearby “resort-style” home. Biden — like all other presidential family members — is entitled to constant security, and a former Secret Service agent described the setup as the “cost of doing business.” “Typically, wherever a protectee sets up their residence, the Secret Service is forced to find someplace to rent nearby at market value,” retired agent Don Mihalek told ABC News, adding that “This isn’t new.” While many Republican lawmakers have called for additional investigations into the infamous laptop and Biden’s foreign business dealings, the president’s son currently remains under investigation for allegations of tax fraud.