Jared Goff appears to be enjoying his offseason on the West Coast. Over the weekend, the Lions quarterback, 27, hit the beach with girlfriend Christen Harper for what seemed to be a sandy picnic that included pizza, wine and a charcuterie board, among other treats. In photos posted Monday to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model’s Instagram, Goff — who recently wrapped his first year in Detroit — is seen kissing Harper while sitting in the sand, with the former No. 1 overall pick also spending time with his four-legged friend. Goff spent the first five years of his NFL career with the Rams, before he was traded to the Lions in Jan. 2021, with Los Angeles acquiring Detroit’s veteran quarterback, Matthew Stafford, in return. Stafford and Goff went on to have polar opposite seasons, with the Lions going 3-13-1, and getting their first win in December, whereas the Rams went on to win the Super Bowl after defeating the Bengals in February. Despite a challenging start in Detroit, Lions head coach Dan Campbell has praised Goff for finishing the year strong. “Look, I like Goff,” Campbell said last week, according to the Lions’ official website. “I like where he’s at. I thought he finished strong last year. I’m glad we’ve got him this year.” In that same breath, Campbell added that he also likes “the prospects that are in this draft,” noting the possibility of adding to the position if the right fit. “Now, the right guy is sitting there at the right pick at (quarterback), then let’s do it. But we like Goff. I like where he’s at. He finished strong. Keep adding pieces and then whenever that is (to add a quarterback), is it next year? Is it this year? Is it two years from now? And the right guy is sitting there, then you figure out a way to get that guy when it’s the right guy,” the second-year coach said. Pittsburgh’s Kenny Pickett, Liberty’s Malik Willis and Sam Howell of North Carolina are among the notable signal-callers in this year’s draft class. The Lions have the No. 2 pick and it would seem unlikely they would use a quarterback with that selection. Goff completed the 2021 season by throwing for 3,245 yards with 19 touchdowns and eight interceptions in 14 games.