Lady Gaga’s newest song is set to take flight. The “Chromatica” singer teased fans on Instagram and Twitter Wednesday with lyrics from “Hold My Hand,” which she wrote for the upcoming “Top Gun: Maverick” film on Wednesday. Gaga, 36, posted a photo of herself wearing a white tank top, dog tags and an aviation suit while standing in front of the “Top Gun” logo. The song — which features the lyrics, “But if you decide to / I’ll ride in this life with you / I won’t let go till the end” — will be released on Tuesday, May 3. “Hold My Hand” will be the first single that Gaga has released in more than two years. She added she has been “working on it for years,” specifically for the film. Gaga has also described the song as a “love letter to the world.” “When I wrote this song for ‘Top Gun: Maverick,’ I didn’t even realize the multiple layers it spanned across the film’s heart, my own psyche, and the nature of the world we’ve been living in,” wrote the “Poker Face” pop star. “I’ve been working on it for years, perfecting it, trying to make it ours. I wanted to make music into a song where we share our deep need to both be understood and try to understand each other — a longing to be close when we feel so far away and an ability to celebrate life’s heroes,” she added. The latest installment of “Top Gun” — which stars Tom Cruise, Jennifer Connelly, Miles Teller, Val Kilmer and more — is also slated to feature music from composer Hans Zimmer, who has scored myriad action and adventure films, including “Inception,” “Dune” and “The Lion King.” “This song is a love letter to the world during and after a very hard time,” Gaga continued on Instagram. “I’ve wanted you to hear it for so long. And I’m so excited to give it to you on May 3.” The “Paparazzi” singer also took to Twitter to tease fans with more lyrics from the upcoming song on both Monday and Tuesday. “Hold My Hand” is set to follow in the footsteps of the iconic original “Top Gun” anthemic ballad, “Take My Breath Away,” which won the Oscar for Best Original Song after the movie was first released in 1986. Gaga won the 2019 Oscar for Best Original Song for “Shallow” from “A Star Is Born.” She nabbed her first Academy Award nomination for her single “Till It Happens to You,” which was featured in “The Hunting Ground,” a 2015 documentary about sexual assaults on college campuses. “Top Gun: Maverick” will premiere in theaters on May 27, 2022.