Self-care comes in various forms, and for some, it’s getting pampered at the salon and having their hair done. There’s nothing like spending the day there to get all dolled up, but the only caveat is doing it ever so often can cost a pretty penny. Not everyone has the resources to throw money at blowouts and all sorts of treatments, but the good news is there are other alternatives that you can try to have a good hair day every day. For starters, you can get a salon-quality blowout for cheap without actually heading to a salon. The Cortex Beauty Blowout Brush is a top-rated tool that lets you achieve a professional-quality blowout in a snap, and for a limited time, it’s on sale at its lowest price yet, just in time for Mother’s Day. Plus, you can get free shipping with promo code SHIP4FREE. This blowout brush features 1,200W drying power, three heat settings, and a cool shot function, making hairstyling a breeze. It’s designed with gently curved sides for smoothing hair and round edges specifically for creating volume from the roots down to the curled ends. It also delivers even heat distribution to provide the right amount of heat at every angle. At the same time, the built-in Ionic Technology helps maintain a neutral charge on the hair’s surface, leaving it looking smooth and shiny despite being exposed to heat. The brush also features two speed and three heat settings, allowing for styling flexibility. You can play around with the settings to achieve the hairstyle you want. And thanks to its lightweight, ergonomic design, you can style your hair while staying comfortable. “This dryer brush makes it so easy now to style my hair. My hair is left shiny, smooth, and silky. Just beautiful and a great bargain, too!” says satisfied user, Rosa. Formerly retailing for $249, you can grab the Cortex 1,200W Beauty Breeze Dryer Brush on sale for only $49.99. That’s a significant savings of 80%. Shop more Mother’s Day deals and use code SHIP4FREE to get free shipping. Prices subject to change.