The son of award-winning novelist Paul Auster has been arrested for manslaughter in the drug-related death of his baby daughter in Park Slope, cops said Saturday. Daniel Auster, 44, was taking care of his 10-month-old daughter Ruby on the afternoon of Nov. 1 when paramedics responded to a 911 call from the Brooklyn residence, authorities said. First-responders found the baby unconscious and unresponsive and rushed her to Methodist Hospital, where she was pronounced dead, the NYPD said. An autopsy concluded that Ruby died of an overdose of fentanyl and heroin, authorities said. A police spokesman said Saturday he did not know how Ruby ingested the drugs. Daniel Auster was arrested Friday night and charged with manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide, police said. He was awaiting arraignment in Brooklyn Criminal Court on Saturday. Daniel pleaded guilty more than two decades ago to stealing $3,000 from drug dealer Andre “Angel” Melendez. Melendez was infamously killed by his roommate, New York party promoter “Club Kid Killer” Michael Alig, in 1996. Two of Daniel’s neighbors told The Post on Saturday that after his daughter died, they walked by the apartment building where he lived and saw infant items outside for anyone to take. “Everything — all the baby clothes, books, toys — it was just heartbreaking,” said one of the residents who didn’t want her name used. Daniel’s father, Paul Auster, wrote “The New York Trilogy,” “The Book of Illusions,” and “Moon Palace.” Daniel’s mother, Paul Auster’s first wife, is writer Lydia Davis. The couple divorced in 1978. Paul Auster then married Siri Hustvedt, the Minnesota-born novelist and essayist, in 1978. Her books include “The Blindfold,” “The Enchantment of Lily Dahl” and her best-known work, 2003’s “What I Loved.” Paul Auster has won numerous international awards and been on the shortlist for the prestigious Booker Prize and inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Letters. Both Paul Auster and Siri Hustvedt have written fiction that included characters apparently based on or inspired by their issues with Daniel, the Guardian reported in 2006. In Hustvedt’s “What I Loved,” she wrote about the troubled relationship between an artist and his drug-addict son and the son’s stepmother. In the novel, the son, “Mark,” goes from a sweet boy to a difficult, dangerous adolescent who breaks his father’s heart and scares his stepmother. Auster also reportedly wrote a character based on Daniel into his 2004 novel, Oracle Night. The story is narrated by a writer called Trause, an anagram of Auster, who has a drug-addicted son who terrorizes his stepmother, the Guardian said. Daniel’s father and a sister, both of whom live in Brooklyn, declined comment when reached by The Post on Saturday.