A model left her Instagram followers sweating after sharing her hot and heavy workout — but it wasn’t the exercises that sent hearts racing. Marisol Yotta, 30, recently posted a video of her bodacious figure in a pair of skintight latex pink leggings with a black panty outline and a matching, small black top. “I love to sweat and I love to drive men crazy,” Yotta told Jam Press matter-of-factly. The OnlyFans model and dominatrix is seen using several exercise machines at Gold’s Gym in Hollywood to strengthen her glutes as the camera zooms in to her The video clearly excited many of her 638,000 followers: In a week, the video had accumulated more than 24,000 likes and hundreds of thirsty — and sometimes critical — comments. “Hell, yes, people stared,” Yotta proclaimed to Jam Press. “I got five cell phone numbers and two clients for my dungeon.” The brunette bombshell joined OnlyFans in September 2020 and has since turned her five — yes, five — OnlyFans pages into her full-time job. “Men love me, women hate me — they think I just want the attention and they are right,” she said. “I am a slut and I love it.” Yotta’s fans also seemed to love it. Her comments are filled with men drooling over the videos, leaving peach, fire and heart-eyed emojis along with her viewers lusting after her. “I have never seen anyone workout in latex, this is so awesome!” one fan commented on the racy video, while another admitted, “Holy s – – t. I could not imagine this in front of me in a gym. I would stare and have zero shame about it.” “I’m glad you don’t go to my gym because I’d never be able to concentrate on working out,” one more dazzled devotee declared. One apparently jealous commenter suggested that her husband “is a very lucky man.” Yotta’s hubby, German multi-millionaire Bastian Yotta, is actually the reason she first joined OnlyFans and has remained her biggest fan. “It was a competition between my now-husband and I. We were like, ‘Okay, why don’t we try it and see who gets the most fans and who makes the most money in the first month?’ Okay, game on,” she told the Daily Star. “We started with just our main accounts — his main account, my main account. We currently have five accounts,” she explained. Yotta now manages three for herself, her husband’s main one and the couple’s joint account, while her husband records — and encourages — all of her content. And who knows where all of the popular content could lead? “If I were the owner of that gym I would give you the membership for free,” one fan even suggested.