Tom Brady stunned the sports world in March when he announced his NFL return after a 40-day retirement, and now, he’s pulling back the curtain on how that decision came about. In a recent interview with Complex, the Buccaneers quarterback, 44, opened up about how he broached the subject with his family, namely his wife of 13 years, Gisele Bündchen. “I decided to talk with my family and I said, ‘I think I wanna do this one more time if you guys will support that.’ And my wife was so supportive of it and she said, ‘Look, I want you to be happy. I want you to enjoy it and go out there and win.’ Ultimately, that’s why I came back, to win,” Brady said. “There’s only one reason to play for me at this point in my career. And that’s to win.” A seven-time Super Bowl champion, Brady initially called it a career in February, weeks after the Buccaneers were bounced out of the playoffs following a divisional-round loss to the Rams. Prior to his retirement announcement, the quarterback said he wanted to be with his family before figuring out his next steps. “I think the point is there’s no real rush for me to figure out what’s next,” Brady said on his SiriusXM podcast, “Let’s Go!” “I’ll know when I know. It’s the day after the season. I think for all of us we can decompress a bit. It’s been six straight months of football. Every day, consumed by day in and day out football. Now is just the time to spend some time with my family and my kids.” Brady has been married to Bündchen, 41, since 2009, and they have two kids together, daughter Vivian, 9, and son Benjamin, 12. The quarterback is also a dad to son Jack, 14, whom he shares with ex Bridget Moynahan. Bündchen celebrated her husband’s NFL return on Instagram last month, quipping, “Here we go again!” Though it remains to be seen what will happen in 2023, Brady is going to enjoy this moment and the upcoming season. “I don’t know what’s gonna happen beyond this year,” Brady told Complex. “We’re not really promised anything. I’m gonna have to work my ass off to get my body the way it needs to in order to give my team the best chance to succeed.”