The city Law Department attorney who was fired after confronting Mayor Eric Adams over the kiddie mask mandate had repped Gotham in a slew of high-profile cases before being canned, court records show. Daniela Jampel — who was booted from her job Monday less than an hour after she crashed an Adams’ press conference to demand he “unmask our toddlers” — had bashed the city when tweeting about her legal work Friday. That put her solidly in the cross-hairs of higher-ups, who immediately decided she needed to be fired, multiple sources said — after 16 months of her criticizing the city’s pandemic school closures and mask mandates as an activist in her personal time. Jampel’s embarrassing ambush of Adams was apparently what made them pull the trigger. “I am an attorney for the city. I have represented cops who lie in court, teachers who molest children, prison guards who beat inmates,” Jampel said Friday in her tweet, which was deleted sometime late Monday. “It is a job I have done proudly. Until tonight. Fighting to keep masks on toddlers is shameful. I am ashamed of my office,’’ the mom of three said. State court records indicate Jampel was involved in at least 29 civil lawsuits brought against the city since she started working for the Law Department in 2016. Some of those cases, which are still pending, are similar to the suits she mentioned in her tweet. In Jan. 2020, Jampel helped defend the city in a Child Victims Act case brought by the parents of a minor who was allegedly sexually abused by Jonathan Pol, a teacher at the Bronx’s Mott Hall Community School, court records show. The victim’s parents claim their child was “sexually assaulted and battered … on an almost daily basis” by Pol for about five months between December 2018 and May 2019, the documents state. Pol was later arrested by the NYPD and charged with rape. Both the civil lawsuit and criminal case are still pending, records show. In June 2020, Jampel was involved in a $350 million wrongful-death suit brought against the city after an unarmed man was shot and killed by NYPD officers during a routine traffic stop in 2019, court records say. Jampel filed three documents in the case, which was refiled in February 2021 and is still pending. A review of the records didn’t turn up any public cases involving prison guards who allegedly beat up inmates, but Jampel did defend the city in a lawsuit brought by a man who was allegedly shot by an off-duty correction officer in Brooklyn sometime in 2014, records show. A Law Department spokesman — asked by The Post on Tuesday whether Jampel’s comments on Twitter could impact any pending litigation — replied,  “As attorneys for the city we take seriously our professional and ethical responsibilities. “We are reviewing this matter fully.” Jampel has said little publicly since her termination. She sent a brief statement to The Post late Monday saying she has retained counsel and will not “litigate in the press.”