“Jeopardy!” has a brand new winner on the books. Contestant Mattea Roach, 23, scored her 14th win on Friday, earning a spot among the top contestants on the long-running game show. Roach took home $34,000 during the episode and brought her prize money to a whopping $320,081 total. The Toronto-based tutor cemented her position in the “Jeopardy!” record books by becoming eighth on the all-time consecutive games list, and 10th on the all-time highest nontournament cash winnings list. Across her 14 games, the Canadian native answered 93% of the clues correctly. “This has been such a crazy season of streaks, and I was fully thinking Amy [Schneider] might still be here,” Roach said in a statement, referencing the 43-year-old prior champ who made history in January by winning her 39th game and becoming No. 2 on the all-time consecutive wins list. “If it’s not Amy, there’s going to be some other super champion that’s just going to knock me out Game 1,” Roach continued. “I guess what I didn’t realize is maybe I could become the super champion I wanted to see in the world.” Roach will return to the trivia show’s stage on April 25 to compete against two new challengers: Michael Graff from California and Jessie Francis from Georgia. Schneider, a former engineering manager, took home winnings that totaled an astonishing $1,319,800. She was also the show’s first transgender contestant to qualify for the Tournament of Champions. The Oakland native dished that shortly after she won big on the ABC series, she actually quit her job and decided to have a little fun with her dough. “Travel is definitely a part of the plan,” she told The Post in February about what she planned to do with her hard-earned cash. “I mentioned on the show that we wanted to go to Ireland, and while we’re still finalizing it, it’s looking like we’ll be there for St. Patrick’s Day.” She and her partner, Genevieve Davis, are also setting some of the moolah aside “for a potential down payment on a house, but we’re doing some fun shopping in the meantime. No big-ticket items, but I’m refreshing my wardrobe, things like that.” There was more good news to share when Schneider announced in late February that she was engaged to Davis, 25. “She said yes! Well, actually I said yes, but then I wanted to propose too, so she said yes as well lol,” the champ shared on social media at the time. “I couldn’t be happier or more proud to be marrying the very best person in the entire world!”