This “house hunter” pulled the trigger. Loren Ruch, the mastermind behind more than 200 shows for HGTV, including “Flip or Flop” and “House Hunters,” has scored a $1.85 million modern condo in Manhattan. Located in the Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood in the full-service Lumiere building, the two-bedroom, two-bathroom unit spans more than 1,250 square feet and no expense was spared on the details. Ruch closed on the home April 3, records show. The residence was fully renovated in 2014 by award-winning architect Christopher Rawlins according to an older listing. Modifications were made in the kitchen and second bedroom while new lighting and fixtures by David Weeks Studio were installed throughout. Features now include all-custom recessed and dimmable lighting and central air-conditioning. Upon entering the foyer, an abundance of natural lights flows out of the floor-to-ceiling windows, with a large walk-in coat closet off to the side. The newly renovated eat-in kitchen comes with Miele appliances, Caesarstone countertops and a large island with seating for four. Next to the kitchen is an entertaining space and second bedroom. The second bedroom was previously used as den, and comes with a movable wall that easily opens to create a 30-foot-wide living space with open sky views. Of the two balconies in the unit, the first one, accessible from the dining area, faces north, offering views of New York landmarks including Time Warner Center on Columbus Circle and Hearst Tower. On the south side of the apartment is the primary suite, which comes with an ensuite bathroom and a south-facing balcony overlooking the building’s private courtyard. Lumiere, completed in 2005, has seven floors and features a full-time doorman/concierge service, a live-in superintendent, refrigerated storage, a fitness room, individual storage units, bicycle storage and several balconies. Matthew D. Hughes with Brown Harris Stevens held the listing. Ruch is the Group Senior Vice President of Development and Production for HGTV and co-hosts the network’s show “House Party,” in which he converses with television personalities and home improvement specialists over cocktails.