Just when you thought you couldn’t love Dave Matthews more… think again. The beloved musician appeared on CNN to perform his new song, “Something To Tell My Baby,” in support of Ukrainian refugees fleeing from their homeland. The poignant moment served as a heartbreaking reminder of the disastrous two months Ukraine has seen, with continuous shelling and killings taking place every day. Appearing remotely on Jake Tapper’s segment, the multiple-time Grammy award winner sang from the heart after briefly speaking to the CNN host, who was in Kyiv to interview Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky. Before performing his new song, Matthews spoke about the need to raise awareness about the horror unfolding in Ukraine and around the world. “It’s just unfathomable to those of us who are far from it, but it’s not only happening [in Ukraine]. It’s happening in Yemen. It’s happening in Myanmar. It’s happening in Nigeria. It’s happening in Afghanistan,” said the “Crash Into Me” hitmaker. “It’s happening in so many places where people are just trying to survive and it’s violence that’s not allowing them to—and terrible violence. “And so many of us are part of this chorus of people that are hoping we can somehow turn the tide, and so I thought I would just join in and as many ways as possible raise people’s awareness.” The tear-jerking rendition was followed by a sincere plea from Matthews for viewers to support refugees fleeing from their homeland in any way they can. “There are so many great organizations that are helping in different ways to alleviate the suffering of people around the world and there in Ukraine,” said the musician, who has a dedicated page on his website in support of Ukrainian refugees. “So everyone do what you can, and let’s take care of each other, ’cause what’s the point otherwise?” According to the United Nations’ refugee agency, more than five million Ukrainians have been fleeing the horrors of war ever since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a large-scale invasion on Feb. 24 using land, air, and naval forces. With a population of about 44 million, this means that more than a tenth of the Ukrainian population has left the country in almost eight weeks. The invasion has drawn condemnation around the world and increasingly severe economic sanctions against Russia.