Victories at WrestleMania can define a pro wrestler’s career. So who will be leaving this year’s version of WWE’s biggest show with their hand held high? The Post’s Joseph Staszewski and Ryan Glasspiegel try their best to do a stupendous job prognosticating every fight scheduled for WrestleMania 38 (April 2-3) at AT&T Stadium (8 p.n., Peacock). Drew McIntyre vs. Happy Corbin Staszewski: This feud has been going on too long (since November) and Madcap Moss’ failing jokes are a sign Happy Corbin’s winning streak is coming to an end.  This is quick and painful for Corbin and McIntyre potentially moves into a world title program again. Pick: Drew McIntyre Glasspiegel: Agree with Joe. Some type of breakup between Corbin and Moss wull lead to the McIntyre victory. The Miz and Logan Paul vs. Rey Mysterio and Dominik Mysterio Staszewski: If you are going to launch Paul in pro wrestling, getting him a win at WrestleMania — pinning a legend like Rey Mysterio — is a good way to start. The babyface Mysterios have gotten the best of the Miz and Paul so far in this feud. That turns here and sets Dominik on a path of redemption. Pick: The Miz and Logan Paul Glasspiegel: Another concur. The Mysterios got the last laugh, and that never bodes well headed into WrestleMania. Pick is Logan Paul and The Miz. The Usos (c) vs. Shinsuke Nakamura and Rick Boogs (SmackDown tag team championship) Staszewski: While Nakamura and Boogs could make fun tag team champs, this feud is only a few weeks old and their isn’t enough here to make them the team that ends the Usos run. If Jimmy and Jey do lose, it would be to make things crumble a bit around cousin Roman Reigns before his match with Brock Lesnar. Pick: The Usos Glasspiegel: Nakamura and Boogs winning, and angering Roman Reigns in the process at his family members’ failure, is how I think they’ll tell the story. King Woods and Kofi Kingston vs. Sheamus and Ridge Holland Staszewski: Ridge Holland’s suplex is responsible for breaking Big E’s neck and King Woods just returned from injury. If there is ever a moment where the good guys need to win, it’s here — unless Butch (Pete Dunne) helps his buddies beat Kofi and Woods. Pick: King Woods and Kofi Kingston. Glasspiegel: Woods and Kingston, to preserve momentum from Woods’ return from injury. Seth Rollins vs. Vince McMahon’s hand-picked opponent (Cody Rhodes) Staszewski: Whether it’s Cody Rhodes or not, whoever walks down to face Seth Rollins is leaving a winner either by pin fall or DQ. If it is Rhodes as many believe, he will win clean and Rollins will just say he wasn’t prepared as the two kick off a feud. Pick: Mystery Opponent  (Cody Rhodes) Glasspiegel: No way they bring Cody in to have him lose right away. Cody wins, but this feud culminates at Hell in a Cell in June. Becky Lynch (c) vs. Bianca Belair (Raw women’s championship) Staszewski: WWE has built to this redemption moment for Belair since she lost her title to Lynch in 26 seconds at SummerSlam and it’s time to pay it off after this match had one of the best WrestleMania builds. If WWE does not let their top babyface take down Big Time Becks here it will feel all for nothing and dim Belair’s star just a bit. Pick: Bianca Belair Glasspiegel: Becky Lynch, logic being that Belair got the last laugh on Raw. Charlotte Flair (c) vs. Ronda Rousey (SmackDown women’s championship) Staszewski: Ronda Rousey’s revenge tour and march to Becky Lynch needs to have a starting point and unfortunately for Flair it’s here. Rousey makes Flair tap with the Ankle Lock to give her a new wrinkle in a super-physical match. Pick: Ronda Rousey Glasspiegel: This is very hard to forecast. Picking Rousey with little confidence. “Stone Cold” Steve Austin vs Kevin Owens (KO Show) Whether it’s a match or a fight, the Texas Rattlesnakes opens one more can of whoop ass on the arrogant Kevin Owens. He hits a Stunner after Owens goes for his. Cue the beers, cue the toast and cue the logo on the bottom of the screen as everyone goes home happy. Pick: “Stone Cold” Steve Austin Glasspiegel: Austin definitely hits Owens with a Stunner. Johnny Knoxille vs. Sami Zayn (Anything goes) Staszewski: Zayn got the last laugh over Knoxville — who is the hero in this story — at the Royal Rumble and the Jackass star returns the favor here with help from his buddies. Making this an “anything goes” match opened the door for this to not really be a wrestling match and Zayn is talented enough to talk away the loss. Pick Johnny Knoxville Glasspiegel: Knoxville with some type of interference or other cheating chicanery. Autin Theory vs. Pat McAfee This needs to be all about Theory and continuing to build him up as a character. He will find a way to pull out a match where he does most of the bump-taking and adds a WrestleMania win to his resume. WWE can start to tell the story of McAfee being 0-3 in the company dating back to his two NXT matched. Pick: Austin Theory Glasspiegel: Pat McAfee lost his first singles match, against Adam Cole. He’s winning his second. Omos vs. Bobby Lashley Staszewski: For weeks we has seen Omos destroy whoever he’s put in the ring with, whether it be one or two men. While this shouldn’t a traditional swash match, Omos will officially get the rocket strapped to his back with a convincing win over a two-time WWE champion in Lashley. Pick: Omos Glasspiegel: They’ve been building Omos up as too big a monster to have him lose here. Carmella and Queen Zelina (c) vs. Natalya and Shayna Baszler and Sasha Banks and Naomi and Rhea Ripley and Liv Morgan (Women’s tag team championship) Staszewski: If WWE wants the biggest pop, they will have sentimental favorites and the reunited team of Sasha Banks and Naomi take home the belts. They, however, are better suited for a potential singles’ championship feud. Instead the women’s tag division gets fresh young faces in fan favorites Rhea Ripley and Liv Morgan. Pick: Rhea Ripley and Liv Morgan Glasspiegel: Rhea and Liv as a bone throw to the fans. RK-Bro (c) vs. The Street Profits and Alpha Academy (Raw tag team championship) Staszewski: RKO-Bro and Alpha Academy have both held the titles recently and a flip to The Street Profits is certainly a possibility. Their time will come, but RK-Bro is too popular and over to cool their run just yet as they get their WrestleMania moment. Pick: RK-Bro Glasspiegel: RK-Bro for the same logic. A.J. Styles vs. Edge Staszewski: Edge’s dark transformation happened prior to the match and the switch will flip in Styles — just like Edge is pushing for — during. It’s time for the Phenomenal One to get himself back in the world title picture and this win sets him on that patch. Pick: A.J. Styles Glasspiegel: Edge, but no strong feeling either way. Roman Reigns (c) vs. Brock Lesnar (WWE and Universal championship match) Staszewski: What’s left for Roman Reigns to accomplish? Beating Brock Lesnar at WrestleMania and becoming a united champion, that is. There is not reason to slow down Reigns until he hits the absolute pinnacle. If this isn’t it, it’s sure dam close. Pick: Roman Reigns Glasspiegel: Reigns, who is performing on another level, and continues building towards a match with The Rock at next year’s WrestleMania in Los Angeles.