Bettors still have a few hours to place their wagers for Thursday’s NBA playoff action, but sharps are already decisive in which sides they prefer. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Two sides and one total trigger at least two of the above signals. So, before getting those bets in, consider the following markets as (potentially) more profitable. It’s a must-win game for Utah at home, but bettors are split on the side here. It’s worth noting the wide ranges of spreads available on each side for this contest as bettors can, as of this writing, get both teams with points. For the Jazz, who have seen sharp money in the early betting opportunities, the best spread available is +1. As for the Mavericks, the best spread available is +1.5, but you would need to lay -120 to get that number. The Mavericks also do have a signal going in its favor as one top NBA expert from the Action Network is backing its spread. Whereas the spread is a little cloudier, the total has received more meaningful action specifically on the under. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on an opening number of 211 and the total now sits at 210.5 at writing. Further, big money bets have shown for under 210.5 as well. Overall, that side has received 42 percent of all bets, but 71 percent of the total handle. PRO Report Pick: Total Under 210.5 Points This marks the 76ers’ second chance to close out the series after the Raptors claimed Game Five in Philadelphia. But, it’s the Raptors who are receiving the betting attention. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the hosts, which opened as one-and-a-half point underdogs and have largely held steady at that number. That said, we are seeing some +2’s available on the Raptors depending on where you shop. Additionally, the Raptors trigger the “top expert” signal as one Action Network NBA expert is backing the Raptors tonight to give its spread two signals.  In terms of the total, there’s a little more indecision. Sharps are supporting the over tonight, but big money has shown for the under. At this writing, the under has received 41 percent of all total bets, but 62 percent of the total handle. PRO Report Pick: Toronto Raptors Spread (+2) The Suns claimed Game Five on its home floor and now have a chance to eliminate the Pelicans tonight. However, bettors are actually leaning to the Pelicans as a home underdog tonight. After opening as two-point underdogs, sharp action has come in on the hosts. Further, we’re seeing +2.5 available at some books, so be sure to shop around. Further, big money bets are supporting the host Pelicans too. At this writing, the Pelicans have received only 24 percent of all spread bets, but 54 percent of the total handle. That qualifies as the largest percentage discrepancy amongst all six sides tonight. As for the total, there’s only one signal going in favor of either side. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on under 215 points, a number that is still in line with the opener. PRO Report Pick: New Orleans Pelicans Spread (+2.5)