 This tweet: We say: Senior Biden aide Jesse Lee is resorting to the Democrats’ Trump-era playbook: Dismiss political foes and critics as Vladimir Putin’s pawns. It’s nonsense: Economists on both the left and right agree that the $1.9 trillion COVID “relief” package the president and other Dems pushed through last year juiced an already hot economy, setting the stage for the roaring inflation now plaguing America. Yet Team Biden is trying to blame it on Putin, calling it “Putin’s Price Hike” — and anyone who disagrees must be “in lockstep” with the Russian murderer. Disgusting. “This doesn’t seem safe for us, this 990 structure . . . This is being literally weaponized against us.” — BLM co-founder Patrisse Cullors, April 8, referring to IRS Form 990, which charities must use to disclose their financial activities We say: Poor Patrisse Cullors. Black Lives Matter rakes in tens of millions in donations, secretly shells out $6 million of it on a Los Angeles mansion and then gripes about having to disclose how it spends its donors’ money. “It’s, like, triggering,” Cullors whined about the forms. Sorry: People have a right to know what you’re doing with their money. That goes for all charities, not just BLM. And if that leads to “burnout” and “trauma,” as you claim, don’t take donations. “Most of the price increases we’ve seen are . . . expected to be temporary.” — President Biden, July 19, 2021 “We need to address this challenge with the urgency it demands.” — President Biden, April 12 We say: It took a while, but at least President Biden finally admits that runaway prices, up 8.5% over the past 12 months, are a serious problem. “In short, for an alarming number of Americans, COVID isn’t a problem so long as it’s not a white-people problem.” — MSNBC’s Mehdi Hasan, April 10 We say: MSNBC’S Mehdi Hasan argues that “white supremacy” is behind a callous indifference toward COVID among white people, since it affects minorities disproportionately. Please: Anyone who made such an outrageous slur against minorities would be canceled in a heartbeat. “Police have maintained a bloated presence in our subways . . . That police presence neither prevented nor deterred the attack.” — The Democratic Socialists of America’s NYC chapter, April 13, arguing for fewer cops, after mayhem erupted on a Brooklyn N train Tuesday We say: These (at best) woefully misguided leftists are entitled to their own opinions — but not facts. Fact: The NYPD isn’t bloated; it was defunded in 2020, at the urging of critics like . . . the DSA. No cops were on the train car Tuesday to “prevent” or “deter” the attack by a madman that left 29 injured and all of Gotham feeling terrorized. Yet if the city had boosted police, instead of defunding them, perhaps one of them might’ve been. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board