Two apparently homeless people were struck by a train and died in a Manhattan subway tunnel Friday — marking the second time in two weeks homeless people have been fatally hit in the system and prompting city leaders to call for something to be done. A man and woman were struck by a southbound 1-train as it approached the station at Broadway and West 145th Street in Hamilton Heights at about 10:30 a.m., the NYPD said. Both people were pronounced dead at the scene, according to cops. The pair had apparently been walking on the tracks when they were hit. It wasn’t clear if or how the two knew each other. The incident comes a little more than a week after two homeless men’s mangled bodies were found on the tracks at the Sutter Avenue-Rutland road station in Brownsville, Brooklyn on April 20. The two men were spotted by a 3 train conductor that morning and had apparently been hit by an earlier train. City Hall and the MTA have been scrambling to address soaring track intrusions. “It’s lunacy that people are voluntarily intruding on subway tracks, requiring transit workers to risk their own safety looking for encampments day in, day out,” said MTA Chief Safety and Security Officer Pat Warren. “We shouldn’t have to keep saying it: tracks are dangerous and walking on them is illegal, obviously life-threatening and can impact thousands of other riders. As Mayor Adams says, there has to be a better alternative for people who need housing and help.” Officials have also been contending with a large presence of homeless individuals in stations and tunnels in recent months. This has led to  several high-profile incidents that have shaken straphangers, including the January death of Michelle Go, who was shoved by a deranged homeless man into the path of an R train at the Times Square station. Mayor Eric Adams launched a program in February that sends outreach teams into the subways with the goal of connecting the homeless and mentally ill to social services. Adams’ office claims the Subway Safety Plan has led to over 700 people accepting shelter. Those teams cannot enter the tracks or train tunnels. “No one should enter the tracks unauthorized and without proper training – it is illegal, a security risk and extremely dangerous,” Kate Smart, a spokesperson for Adams said. “We’re grateful to our partners at the MTA who do the important work of keeping the tracks clear.” Transit leaders promised earlier this year to launch a pilot program for barriers on platforms in the wake of Go’s killing. The barriers – used in cities like Paris and Hong Kong — have come up as an option in the Big Apple several times the years, but were viewed as impractical because of a high price tag. “It’s just heartbreaking and the number of people ending up on the tracks is increasing,” said Borough President Mark Levine about the deaths at 145th Street. “It’s cases like Michelle Go that get the public’s attention, but really there’s all sorts of reasons that people end up on the tracks.” Reported track intrusions shot up by 20 percent from 2019 to 2021, according to a February Track Trespassing Task Force report. Of the total 1,267 intrusions in 2021, 200 that resulted in collisions and 68 resulted in deaths, the report said. The agency has been collecting more-detailed causes of track trespassing since the start of the year. In the 160 incidents logged in January, 79 were listed as voluntary track intrusions, while 40 were attributed to mental illness or emotionally disturbed people, nine suicides and four assaults, the data show. “There are a painfully high number of suicides, there are people who fall, there are people who are pushed,” Levine said. “All of it can be prevented if we had screen doors on the platforms. With each passing death, the case for this becomes stronger.”