The Post’s Ryan Dunleavy gives his top 10 defensive linemen in the 2022 NFL Draft, based on evaluations and conversations with people around the league: Mountainous lane-clogger who will force opponents to run to the edge. Linebackers love playing behind him as he eats up double-teams. Not much of a pass-rusher, so could come off the field on third-and-long. Scored a rushing touchdown. Lived in Davis’ shadow despite flashing better quickness and the high motor of a smaller defender. Only five sacks in 49 career games. Character questions stem from arrest on three domestic misdemeanors (charges dropped). Produced (three 40-tackle seasons and 8.5 career sacks) despite constantly facing double-teams on a team that went 4-32 in his career. Lost a full season due to COVID-19 cancellations. Showed ability to collapse pocket at Senior Bowl. Inside/outside and alignment versatility. Athleticism visible on two career blocked field goals. Jumped from seven total tackles for loss in three seasons to 13.5 in 2021. Underwent elbow surgery in December. A preseason top-10 pick who was inconsistent in 2021. The good is very good, including 8.5 sacks. The bad showed up in some of his unimpressive testing at the combine. Doesn’t have one dominant best-fit position. Seventeen of 42 tackles over last two seasons went for loss, as he stuck out his rangy arms. No. 1 defensive tackle in 2020 recruiting class after two years at junior college. Pure powerhouse who was one of the vocal leaders for one of the most-talented teams in the country. Played 55 career games and conditioned to maintain heavy workload. Should be disruptive in 4-3 or 3-4 front. Never gives up on a play. Athleticism and football IQ to be a problem for blockers on stunts. Exposed to a lot of schemes because of constant turnover at Tennessee. Doesn’t play in the backfield often enough. Only 4.5 sacks in 43 games (never missed one). Shot put champion at USA Under-20 track and field championships, meaning loose hips. Bit of a plodder who gets boxed in a phone booth. Immovable anchor in the run game. Twitchy upper body. Did not test well at the combine (5.41-second 40-yard dash), adding to “stiff” label about his movement. Fits as a two-down nose tackle. Perrion Winfrey, Oklahoma: Put it all together at Senior Bowl, dominating one-on-one practice drills and winning game MVP honors after two bull-rush sacks. Penetrates gaps no matter if it’s between guard and tackle or guard and center. DeMarvin Leal, Texas A&M: One-time thoughts that he might be able to be an edge-rusher were squashed when he struggled to slip around the best SEC offensive tackles. Piled up some stats in noncritical situations. Gets knocked off the ball too often. Noah Elliss, Idaho, 6-4, 359: Coached by his dad, 10-year NFL veteran Luther Elliss. Tossed around blockers at his competition level. Weight-management is crucial to success. Only played 21 games in five years after injury and academic ineligibility at Mississippi State.