Middle-aged ladies in London are lining up to ride Channing Tatum’s pony. Horny wine moms everywhere were ecstatic to learn that Tatum, 41, will be reprising his role as an oiled-up exotic dancer in the “Magic Mike” movie franchise — but their ogling has apparently gone a bit too far. It has been reported that the British set of the third movie, “Magic Mike’s Last Dance,” has been “disrupted” by a group of “salivating admirers,” according to the Sun — a “legion of horny, middle-aged women,” to be exact. The flock of ladies has caused “Magic Mike” filmmakers to increase security measures around the set and the movies’ hunky stars. Details of the production schedule were reportedly leaked in a WhatsApp group chat of superfans who apparently couldn’t wait until the release date of the third installment, which has not been disclosed. Several scenes of the highly anticipated movie are being rehearsed at a dance studio where a swarm of lusting women goes to great lengths to see the hunky, presumably shirtless cast. “It starts as a bit of fun and it’s great that the fans are so engaged. They’re just passionate — and plainly sex-starved! But after a while it has become problematic and there are now a lot of fans trying to get hold of the guys pretty much everywhere they go,” a source told the Sun. “The security team are concerned about what they might be prepared to do just to get their hands on them. “Obviously the previous films have had a huge impact but also left this legion of horny, middle-aged women, who are making it their business to know the guys’ every move and follow them all over the place,” the insider continued. “Sadly, the only option has been to move things around and take security precautions by bringing in some proper heavies to make sure nobody gets hurt.” The “Magic Mike” series quickly became a global success, with the first two films grossing $300 million worldwide, according to Deadline, and spinning off a live stage show that toured across the world. According to IMDB.com, Tatum and Thandiwe Newton, 49, are the only confirmed cast members, with the latter London native starring as the lead love interest. But fans may still be hoping to get another chance to drool over other former “Magic Mike” stars, including Matthew McConaughey, Joe Manganiello, Alex Pettyfer and Matt Bomer.