Chris Kreider’s list of accolades this season continues to grow. Before the Rangers’ 4-3 loss to the Hurricanes on Tuesday night at Madison Square Garden, Kreider was announced as the Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award winner for this season. The fan-voted honor is awarded annually to the Ranger who “goes above and beyond the call of duty.” “I think to say that it was an honor is an understatement,” said Kreider, who scored his 52nd goal of the season and is two away from tying the franchise record for goals in a single season. set by Jaromir Jagr in 2005-06. “[Winning the] McDonald is probably the greatest honor in my hockey career. Knowing what the award stands for, what Steven stood for, what the family represents, how important they are to the team. Talked to [Conor McDonald] a decent amount, they’re a part of the Rangers family, always will be. “The guys understand that. It was surprising, and an enormous, enormous honor.” It was surprising only to Kreider, who has strung together the best season of his career and still manages to be the most selfless Ranger. True to his nature, Kreider, once again, declined to reflect on his scoring surge this season. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. “I don’t know, it’s a hard thing to reflect on after that game,” he said. “Sorry, not much for you right now after a loss like that. Kind of a tough pill to swallow.” In addition to tying Adam Graves for the second-most goals in a single season in franchise history, Kreider recorded his career-high 25th assist on Alexis Lafreniere’s 4-3 score late in the third period. His 52 goals are the third most in the NHL, behind only the Maple Leafs’ Auston Matthews (60) and the Oilers’ Leon Draisaitl (55). The second-period goal also moved Kreider past Bill Cook for sole possession of 10th place on the Rangers all-time goals list with 229. Last week, Kreider was named the Rangers’ Masterton Trophy nominee. As voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers Association, the Masterton is given to the NHL player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey. Jacob Trouba established a new career-high with his 11th goal of the season in the third period. That also tied him with Adam Fox for the most tallies by a Rangers defenseman this year. Goalie Igor Shesterkin got the starting nod, meaning backup Alex Georgiev likely will play against the Canadiens on Wednesday in the second night of the back-to-back.