The schedule-makers threw the Yankees into the deep end to start off the year. But they came out of their season-opening, seven-game gut check with their heads above water, finishing it off in style Thursday night in The Bronx. Luis Severino looked more like his old self than in his first start of the season, tossing five shutout innings, and the bottom of the Yankees’ lineup picked up the slack offensively to combine for a 3-0 win over the Blue Jays. Aroldis Chapman made things dramatic in the ninth inning, never finding his command as he walked the bases loaded without recording an out. But Michael King replaced him and struck out George Springer on three pitches before getting Bo Bichette to hit a soft liner that DJ LeMahieu turned into a double play to end it. In a game that was delayed 90 minutes by rain, the Yankees split the series with the AL East favorites and finished their homestand against the Red Sox and Blue Jays with a record of 4-3. “I think we play in a really good division, where it’s going to be super-competitive all season, all summer long,” Boone said before the game. “It’s going to be a fun, tough season that my early signs say we’re equipped to handle this. My expectations are high.” After the bottom of the lineup had been something of a black hole through the first week of the season, Isiah Kiner-Falefa and Jose Trevino flipped the script Thursday for a needed boost against Blue Jays starter Kevin Gausman. The No. 8 and 9 hitters — hitters in those spots had been 3-for-42 entering Thursday — combined to go 5-for-6, with Kiner-Falefa scoring both runs and Trevino driving him in both times. “Not being scared,” said Kiner-Falefa, who went 3-for-3 with a double after going 1-for-17 in his first five games. “The first couple of games, I was very tentative. I was letting a lot of pitches go. Today, something clicked. I was aggressive. I felt like myself today and I got some good swings off.” The heart of the lineup chipped in an insurance run in the eighth inning, as Aaron Judge doubled and eventually scored on a Giancarlo Stanton groundout. Severino worked around early traffic before settling in and mowing down the Blue Jays (4-3). Perhaps most impressive, he struck out Vladimir Guerrero Jr. three times, a night after the Blue Jays star went 4-for-4 with three home runs and a double. On Thursday, Guerrero went 0-for-4 with four strikeouts. After the third strikeout of Guerrero to end the fifth inning — and Severino’s night after 83 pitches — the right-hander let out a guttural scream and slapped his glove as he walked off the mound. In his second start since returning from Tommy John surgery, Severino gave up just two hits and two walks while striking out six. He loaded the bases with one out in the second inning before escaping the jam and retiring 11 of the final 12 batters he faced. “I’ve been away for a long time,” Severino said. “I want to go out there, compete and show the fans I still have it.” There was a brief hiccup in the first inning, when Severino’s 98 mph fastball ran up and in to plunk Gurriel on the left hand. As Gurriel was tended to, Severino exchanged words with the Blue Jays dugout, but the situation was quickly diffused. With two tough series under their belt, the Yankees departed The Bronx for Baltimore with a winning record, hoping a game like Thursday could help players such as Kiner-Falefa relax and settle into the season. “For sure, but this is just one game,” Kiner-Falefa said. “We got a long season and I got to keep it up. I got to be consistent this year, so that’s the biggest thing for me.”