“Grey’s Anatomy” writer Elisabeth Finch has decided to take a leave of absence from the show after the ABC medical drama had previously put her on “leave.” A Disney insider told The Post that she requested to take a personal leave, which was approved. Finch, 44, was accused last month of writing several storylines that were based on her own experiences — several elements of which were allegedly fabricated. She was later put under a human resources investigation by Disney following the bombshell news. That inquiry has since been terminated, and Finch chose to depart the Shonda Rhimes-led series on her own. “I will always remain one of ‘Grey’s Anatomy’s’ biggest fans,” Finch said in a statement to the Hollywood Reporter. “I loved the show from day one and had the honor to write for it since Season 11.” She also added that the “proudest moment” of her career “was watching survivors of rape receive the episode ‘Silent All These Years.’ “‘Grey’s Anatomy’ is one big-hearted, brilliant family. As hard as it is to take some time away right now, I know it is more important that I focus on my own family and my health. “I’m immensely grateful to Disney, ABC and Shondaland for allowing me to do so and for supporting me through this very difficult time,” Finch concluded. Sources also told the outlet that Disney was determined to investigate the scriptwriter and — after her decision to take a leave from the show — suspended any questioning into claims that personal details of her life, including medical-related issues, may have been falsified. Other insiders claimed, however, that an investigation was never officially initiated at Disney, and the global media conglomerate asked her for a doctor’s note and consent for her clinician to speak with the company’s medical director. Finch reportedly refused to provide a note and asked to take a personal leave from the long-running show. Disney granted her exit, as her medical records are protected under patient privacy law, or the HIPPA Act. “Grey’s Anatomy” is currently in production for Season 18 and has been renewed for a 19th season. Finch’s “Grey’s” contract included a mutual option to return for Season 19, and a source dished to the Reporter that she is not expected to return. Allegations surfaced in March that Finch may have faked personal experiences — reportedly including being diagnosed with bone cancer, having an abortion and losing a kidney — and used these narratives in her scripts. Finch began writing for “Grey’s Anatomy” in 2015 and also penned episodes of the CW’s “The Vampire Diaries” and HBO’s “True Blood”