Incensed Johnny Depp fans can’t wait to cancel Amber Heard: A petition calling for the actress to be dropped from “Aquaman 2” has reached over 2 million signatures amid the actor’s ongoing defamation suit. “Do the right thing. Remove Amber Heard from Aquaman 2,” implored creator Jeanne Larson in the description of the Change.org petition, which was created in 2020. The campaign’s goal is 3 million signatures, upon which fans hope that Heard will be prevented from reprising her role as Princess Mera in the James Wan-directed superhero sequel, which wrapped shooting in January. The Post has reached out to Heard’s reps and Warner Bros. for comment. The Depp supporter said that she began the campaign because she believes allegations that Heard, 36, had “been exposed as a domestic abuser” by the 58-year-old “Pirates of the Caribbean” star. Larson said she didn’t want her alleged behavior “glamorized” on camera. She went on to name the purported “many examples of domestic abuse” such as when Heard allegedly punched her then-hubby in the face. She also referenced the alleged incident where the “Aquaman” actress severed Depp’s fingertip by throwing a vodka bottle at him. “About the incident during which she shattered the bones in Johnny Depp’s finger and nearly severed it, causing Depp to require surgery to reattach and repair it,” Larson wrote of the allegations. “He will bear the scar from that for the rest of his life.” “Men are victims of domestic abuse, just like women. This must be recognized, and action must be taken to prevent a known abuser from being celebrated within the entertainment industry,” she claimed. Fans also undoubtedly view the petition as reparations for Depp being dropped by Disney in his role as Captain Jack Sparrow in the fifth “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie after Heard accused him of abuse. On Wednesday, a former agent for Depp testified that the emotional trauma of Heard’s abuse allegations had cost him the film franchise. Meanwhile, Heard had initially dismissed the petition as a paper tiger. “Paid rumors and paid campaigns on social media don’t dictate [casting decisions] because they have no basis in reality,” the thespian scoffed in a statement. “Only the fans actually made ‘Aquaman’ and ‘Aquaman 2’ happen. I’m excited to get started next year.” As of yet, Heard is still scheduled to appear in the DC flick, which is slated for a March 2023 release. The news comes as she and Depp — who were married from 2015 to 2017 — are embroiled in an ongoing court battle to determine if Depp was defamed by Heard’s 2018 Washington Post essay in which she accused Depp of abuse. Depp, who has vehemently denied the allegations, is seeking at least $50 million in compensation. He is also after $350,000 in punitive damages, as well as attorneys’ fees and court costs. Meanwhile, Heard’s attorneys are seeking $100 million from Depp for abuse and other damages. They’ve accused Depp of physically and sexually assaulting Heard while abusing drugs and alcohol, and claim that his legal team falsely accused her of fabricating the claims of abuse.