Hundreds of mourners packed a Bronx funeral Tuesday to bid farewell to 16-year-old Angellyh Yambo, the local high schooler senselessly killed by a stray bullet near her High School last week. “Heaven has gained another angel,” family friend Hector Torres said outside the wake at Williams Funeral Home in Kingsbridge. “She was full of energy. Young, beautiful — what kids are supposed to be. “It hurts,” added Torres, who lives in the building where Yambo’s father has been the doorman for years. “I come home and hear this. I’m a parent myself. It’s not supposed to be the parents burying the child. It’s supposed to be the other way around.” The slain teen lay in a white casket adorned with light pink roses, wearing her pink “Sweet 16” dress with sparkles and a tiara in her hair. “Rest in Peace Angellyh,” words written on the photo read. “We Love You.” “Ay dios mio!” the girl’s grandmother wailed at one point, with others consoling her. “It’s such a sad situation,” said a family friend who asked not to be identified. “She was so young, a beautiful girl. A beautiful young lady. She was very smart, she was an honors student. It’s just sad.” Yambo’s father “is not doing good” after losing his girl, the friend said. “He’s destroyed,” she said. “It’s sad. What can you say about it?” Yambo was walking home from University Prep Charter High School around 1:45 p.m. Friday when she was struck in the back by a stray bullet and fell mortally wounded on East 156th Street a block from the teen’s University Prep Charter High School. Police said Jeremiah Ryan, 17, fired the shots from a 9 mm Polymer 80 “ghost gun” after getting into a beef with a group of suspected gang members. Two other teenagers, including Isaiah Duncan, 17, were hit and wounded. Ryan was arrested at his nearby home after police said they spotted him throwing the gun out of his window inside a garbage bag. He was arraigned Saturday on murder, attempted murder and weapons charges and is being held in jail without bail. Yambo’s family asked for privacy during the wake. The family will gather for a service at the funeral home Wednesday, followed by burial at Woodlawn Cemetery. 