New York City Mayor Eric Adams tested positive for COVID-19 on Sunday, his office said. City Hall said Adams will quarantine at Gracie Mansion, where he will be working remotely this week. “This morning, Mayor Adams woke up with a raspy voice and, out of an abundance of caution, took a PCR test that has now come back positive,” Press Secretary Fabien Levy said in a statement Sunday afternoon. “At this time, the mayor has no other symptoms, but he is already isolating and will be canceling all public events for the remainder of the week.” Adams, who is vaccinated against the coronavirus, will be working remotely while he is isolating, the statement said. He will also “immediately,” start taking anti-viral medications, which are “offered for free to NYC residents and (Adams) encourages all New Yorkers eligible for these meds to take them as well,” Levy said. Earlier Sunday, Adams’ public schedule was updated to reflect a cancellation of multiple in-person public appearances. Levy then tweeted that the mayor had taken a rapid test and that it had come back negative. “.@NYCMayor took a #COVID rapid test this AM that was negative, but out of an abundance of caution he has taken a PCR test as well and is awaiting results,” he said. Adams’ staff is trying to plan events for the upcoming week where he’ll likely appear virtually, according to City Hall. Earlier this month, Adams attended The Gridiron Club and Foundation’s annual dinner in Washington DC — which turned out to be a super spreader event. At least 53 out of the 630 guests at the April 2 gala tested positive for COVID-19, according to reports. The mayor has also been photographed going maskless at several in-person events in recent days. He was pictured with actor Robert De Niro at the ReelAbilities Film Festival’s opening night at JCC Manhattan on the Upper West Side Thursday, hours after he spoke with clergy leaders  outside City Hall. Adams on Wednesday spoke at a showing of the musical “Hamilton” and at the annual National Action Network convention. Over the weekend, he traveled to Albany for the New York State Association of Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic & Asian Legislators’ caucus conference. One Twitter user ripped Adams for attending ReelAbilities Film Festival after going to the Gridiron dinner. “So @NYCMayor was at the Gridiron dinner, a superspreader w/ 67 cases and He knew his was exposed, but he attended the @ReelAbilitiesFilm Fest maskless, exposing hundreds of vulnerable people with disabilities,” tweeted “Brooklyn Cybele,” who included a picture of the mayor sanding with actor Rober De Niro. “Now he’s suddenly canceled all his events.”