Preview(opens in a new tab) Gov. Kathy Hochul swears, “I’m not going to shut down [New York state] again, you can count on that” — even as COVID cases here begin another inevitable rise. Good to hear. Too bad Hochul’s struggled so hard to get to that conclusion. She was way overdue on lifting ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s useless business and school-mask mandates — and never finished the job. For example, any individual school in the state can still demand masks if the COVID anxieties of its administrators get out of control. So while she’s promising no shutdowns, she hasn’t made any real commitment to that beyond the rhetorical. Nor admitted that New York’s restrictionist responses to COVID wrought utter disaster, pushing us to lead the nation in out-migration. They wrecked the state’s economy. We’re still massively lagging the rest of the nation in recovery, with a 4.9% unemployment rate vs. the national 3.6%. We’re still missing hundreds of thousands of pre-pandemic jobs. They did deep, possibly irrecoverable damage to students in our public schools, causing absenteeism to skyrocket, college-enrollment rates to fall and inflicting learning loss across the board. Worse still, they were also utterly pointless in public-health terms. The virus ripped through New York in 2020, killing tens of thousands — despite the fact that city and state were almost entirely shut down. Each subsequent surge has been less deadly, with Omicron the least deadly of all — despite the loosened rules around masking, commercial restrictions and vaccines. And Hochul’s unsteadiness on this issue has had downstream effects, like providing cover for Mayor Eric Adams’ most insane ideas, including his refusal to unmask our youngest schoolkids — quite literally the lowest-risk group for COVID on the planet — while claiming he is “at the mercy” of his health advisers on the question. Or his inherited private-sector vax mandate, which applies to everyone except sports and entertainment stars. We applaud Hochul’s promise, but it’s not enough. New York really kicking its COVID-alarmism habit is going to require tough choices (she might look to Florida as an example) that will send our media class into a screaming uproar. In other words, it’ll take courage and resolve. Qualities that, so far, seem sadly lacking in our governor.