BOSTON — Kyrie Irving responded to the vitriol and profanity he got from the Celtics fans by giving them the finger. His Nets teammates understood the former, and fully backed the latter. The contentious relationship between Irving and the fans in Boston — where he spent two seasons — is well known. And after fans had cursed him throughout Sunday’s Game 1, he responded with the finger multiple times, and cursing out one fan that had cursed at him walking down the tunnel into the halftime locker room. Irving was fined $50,000 by the NBA on Tuesday. In a release, president of league operations Byron Spruell said the fine was for “making obscene gestures on the playing court and directing profane language toward the spectator stands.” After Irving poured in a game-high 39 points in that 115-114 Nets loss, and spoke in the aftermath about embracing “the Dark Side,” Kevin Durant was asked if he thought Irving relished playing the villain. “Everybody has different moods. Some days he might be up for it, some days he might not. He understands what his job entails. We understand what the situation is,” Durant said. “He might not be in the mood for it the next game. Who knows? It’s just a feel thing. You never know what may trigger you in the moment. “Somebody [may] say something to get you to react. NBA crowds in the playoffs tend to try to pick at players, especially ones that played for their team previously. We all understand that stuff. Kyrie’s reaction was his reaction. We are all still behind that, I feel exactly what he said. The same energy they are giving off to him, he’s gonna give it right back. He played that way. I think it’s all in the game.” Durant experienced similar bile when he went back to Oklahoma City. Thunder fans burned his jersey, and even came out in front of his home. And Tuesday, Durant spoke philosophically about the visceral fan reactions to former stars returning to face their onetime teams. “It’s rooted in love,” Durant said. “They once loved you. They once cheered for you and bought your merchandise, had life-altering experiences coming to the game and watching you play. When that gets ripped from them with a trade, demanding a trade or wanting to leave, they feel like a piece of them is gone too, the emotional attachment that they have to professional sports. “It’s a gift and a curse of having a team in your city where you grew up. But that shows that people care and people have emotions and really respect and admire who we are as individuals. Sometimes it’s a little dark and deep, but that’s just how the human brain works. So we understand all of that. And the fans understand where we’re coming from at this point too, because we have our own platforms and we speak on stuff like this. It’s healthy once everyone understands both sides.” Irving played for the Celtics from 2017-19 before signing with the Nets. They’ve booed him in every single return to TD Garden, and — after he spoke about the “subtle racism” from the crowd at times and stepped on the Celtics’ Lucky the Leprechaun in last year’s playoffs — got a water bottle thrown at him. “Yeah. I mean the Celtics fans are loud, they can be a little much sometimes, but it’s Boston. Great fan base. Yeah they’ll be on him [Wednesday], but he ain’t too worried about that,” said Nets wing Bruce Brown, a Bostonian who grew up a Celtics fan but admits he’d be fired up by the fan abuse if he were Irving. “I can’t speak for Ky, but for me, if I was in that situation, I’d definitely feed off that for sure.” The Celtics aren’t concerning themselves with Irving’s back-and-forth with their fans. “He’s a self-motivated guy already. Obviously, has history here with the organization and playing with this team. And some things happened last year as well,” Celtics coach Ime Udoka said. “But I wouldn’t say move past it — it’s still an issue that’s coming up — but he’s a very motivated, talented individual that didn’t play a lot of games this year and I think his big picture is looking at how he can be successful in the postseason more so than against the Celtics. “I didn’t hear all the postgame comments. I heard some of them. But we’re not worried about that. Obviously it’s a deal he has with the team he’s been with, he had a similar thing at Cleveland, last year at times. Our focus is guarding him and stopping him from getting 39 points, not worried about what what’s going on with him and the fans.”