Should Pittsburgh quarterback Kenny Pickett hear his name called during the 2022 NFL Draft, expect his fiancée, Amy Paternoster, to be cheering him on. A Princeton University senior, Paternoster appeared to make her romance with Pickett social media official in April 2021, when the duo posted similar photos on their respective Instagram pages. “Rumor has it,” the 6-foot-3 quarterback captioned his post with Paternoster at the time. Here’s what to know about Pickett’s biggest cheerleader. Much like Pickett, Paternoster also grew up in the Garden State. She remained in New Jersey for college, attending Princeton University, where she is set to graduate in 2022. Throughout her time at Princeton University, Paternoster was a member of the women’s soccer team. Once her senior season came to an end in 2021, Paternoster posted a sweet sendoff on Instagram. “Aaannddd that’s a wrap,” she began. “I owe this sport everything! Eternally grateful for all of the memories I’ve made along the way – for God, my parents, teammates, coaches, trainers and everyone who helped me find so much joy in doing what I love. Would not be who I am today if it weren’t for this game. See you again in some adult pickup league #retired.” Weeks after Pickett declared for the 2022 NFL Draft, the quarterback announced his engagement to Paternoster in January 2022. “Got tired of calling you my girlfriend…here’s to a lifetime with the person I cherish more than anything in the world. You make me a better person and I could not imagine life without you. I love you more forever and always!!” Pickett gushed on Instagram at the time. Paternoster later showed off her stunning ring on Instagram, calling Pickett her “soulmate.” When Pickett participated in the NFL Combine, which took place in March 2022, Paternoster showed her support on social media as the quarterback showcased his skills to coaches and personnel. “Absolutely killing it!!” she posted on her Instagram Story at the time. “Lookin good too ;).” Following the scouting event, Pickett’s small hand size became a topic of conversation around the league. He and Paternoster had some fun with the apparent controversy on social media. “Look at this funny tweet about your hands,” she quipped alongside a photo of herself holding a phone in Pickett’s direction. He then replied,  “Always keeping me updated!”