Living like Taylor Swift doesn’t have to be one of your “Wildest Dreams.” It’s doable — and now, someone can call a piece of her history their very own. Before Swift, 32, moved to Nashville to pursue her music career, later shooting to mega-stardom, she lived in Berks County, Pennsylvania. Although she often sings about her 11-acre Christmas Tree Farm she grew up on in the town of Reading, she and her family later rented a five-bedroom, five-bathroom estate in the same town. In February, that five-bedroom home hit the market for $1.1 million. And after a $100,000 price cut, the property went into contract on Friday, The Post has learned — meaning it’s about to enter its next chapter under new ownership. Swift lived in this Georgian Colonial home for three years. Pegged as “one-of-a-kind,” the home stands three stories tall and has been described as a structure of “old-world charm,” with modern updates throughout. Features include hardwood flooring, crown molding and a brick fireplace with a wooden mantel. The gourmet kitchen comes with a breakfast room and a solid marble-top island with floor-to-ceiling cabinets and access to a second staircase. The adjacent breakfast room has a butler’s pantry with a wet bar, expansive windows, and sliding doors that lead to the front yard, the listing notes. On the second level is the primary suite with a luxury bathroom with a double vanity — and  access to a private deck. The third floor features three additional bedrooms, all with angled/vaulted ceilings, hardwood flooring and closets, while the fifth bedroom offers recreational room potential. The basement features a powder room and a potential wine cellar, as well as walkout stairs to the side fenced yard. As for outdoor amenities, there’s a heated pool surrounded by a stone paver patio and a hot tub, with a fenced garden. Eric J. & Eric P. Miller of The Eric Miller Team at RE/MAX of Reading held the listing. Away from Pennsylvania, Swift, 32, has since amassed a real estate portfolio worth $80 million. She currently owns homes in London, New York City, Rhode Island and Los Angeles. Swift purchased an entire block in the Tribeca neighborhood for $47.7 million, beginning in 2014. A year prior, she purchased a $17 million Rhode Island mansion. She also has a modest $1.9 million Nashville penthouse and a second estate in the Music City she bought shortly following her meteoric rise. In 2015, she purchased a $25 million Beverly Hills estate.