Brandon Nimmo is back from the COVID injured list. After testing positive for the virus in advance of the Mets’ home opener on Friday, Nimmo was activated from the IL ahead of Tuesday’s doubleheader against the Giants at Citi Field. The outfielder entered Game 1 in a double-switch in the 10th inning and scored the winning run in a 5-4 victory, then started in center field and hit leadoff in the nightcap. Mark Canha remained on the COVID IL, but manager Buck Showalter indicated there was a possibility that his return also could be imminent. “There’s a chance I have both of them, a chance I have neither of them and a chance I have one,” Showalter said about 90 minutes before Nimmo’s return became official. Players can come back from the COVID IL earlier than the 10-day wait if they return a pair of negative tests, according to MLB guidelines. They can also have their returns expedited if two positive tests meet a certain threshold. Nimmo, who declined to say during spring training whether he was vaccinated, was batting 8-for-24 with a 1.137 OPS through his first six games of the season. Travis Jankowski manned center field in his absence. To make room for Nimmo on the active roster, Nick Plummer was optioned to Triple-A Syracuse. Jacob deGrom will undergo a follow-up MRI exam Monday, at which point he could be cleared to begin throwing. Monday will mark 3 ¹/₂ weeks since an MRI revealed a stress reaction on deGrom’s right scapula. The Mets said at the time that the right-hander would not throw for up to four weeks. “I know everything is going real well,” Showalter said. “They’re really happy with where he is right now. I’m not saying he’s ahead or behind schedule. He’s doing well.” Still, deGrom is not expected to pitch for the Mets until at least the end of May, if not later. Taijuan Walker (right shoulder bursitis) will make a rehab start Wednesday in extended spring training. The right-hander, who last pitched on April 11 before going on the IL, is expected to throw around 50 pitches, after which he will join the Mets in Arizona and be reevaluated. “We’re not committed to a second [rehab start] yet,” Showalter said. “We’ll see how the first one goes. I know what he wants to do. He wants to get stretched out and meet us in his hometown.” The Mets announced the addition of a “sensory nook” in the concourse at Citi Field, aimed at helping those with autism, ADHD and dyslexia find a reprieve from the overstimulation that can occur inside of a sports stadium.