Thomas’ HatersRich Lowry laid out the consistent, long-running attack on Justice Clarence Thomas from the left (“Doubting Thomases,” PostOpinion, April 2).Now Democrats are attacking him for the views of his wife. They will stoop to any low to get rid of him.What does this tell us? That Thomas must be one heck of a judge. If he was weak, there would be no reason to get rid of him. He has proven himself anything but. I, for one, thank God that this great conservative continues to serve.Vincent O’NeillMassapequa Park Carbon fixAs the article “Do or dioxide” (April 3) points out, we do not yet have the technologies needed to remove carbon emissions from the atmosphere.However, this doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do everything we can to reduce new carbon entering the atmosphere.The article brings to mind the image of a bathtub with the drain plug pulled out, yet the tub continues to overflow, as the faucets are on full blast. Let’s address those faucets, so to speak, while we figure out how to deal with all that water in and out of the tub.The best approach appears to be an economic one — a national price on carbon, increasing yearly, while returning all the fees collected in equal monthly dividends to every American.The higher cost for fossil fuel use would incentivize new technological advances, while the dividends would ease the transition to a clean, renewable-energy economy. No time to waste — those carbon emissions are still flowing.Jonathan LightLaguna Niguel, Calif.NYU nightmareAs a parent of an NYU graduate and grandparent of two NYU graduates, I’m so happy they attended the school when they did (“Selling NYU amid vagrancy,” April 3).Students who attend now can expect to be accosted by vagrants and pelted by eggs from the homeless. For that privilege, you get to pay $80,000 a year.Graduates of 2022: If you don’t get an NYU acceptance letter, be grateful. You’re the lucky ones.J.J. LevineMiami Beach, Fla. Kids out of classThere will always be kids who want to ditch school, but 40% (“Kick in the class,” April 3)? Those numbers indicate real problems.I have been a member of four unions, the last being the American Association of University Professors. Today’s teachers unions have outsized power and have done everything in their power to keep students out of school during the pandemic.However, students also need safe schools, neighborhoods, streets and transportation. If New York City wants its children in school, fix the problems. Vote out the lefties and the lunacy they bring to the table. Fix the schools and the crime and absenteeism will fix itself.Bob PorchMarlton, NJVoter map redrawIn 2019, the US Supreme Court shut the door against federal courts hearing cases involving partisan gerrymandering, holding that there was no manageable standard for courts to consider (“Hochul Disses the Voters,” Editorial, April 4).Yet The Post suggests that the state’s redistricting plans might go to the federal courts if the state courts fail to reject the new congressional and state maps.The case filed in state court focused on state constitutional claims, not federal ones. And unless the challengers can find fault with the state maps over racial gerrymandering or racial vote dilution, the federal court door remains closed to a new challenge.Jeffrey M. WiceManhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.