Magic exists if you know where to look for it! Ever since the arrival of the iconic ‘Harry Potter’ books and film series, the world has been enchanted with the wizarding world. As one of the most popular modern franchises on Earth created by J.K. Rowling, the narrative has expanded even more with a new trilogy, plays, games and more. Now with the arrival of the newest release, “Fantastic Beasts: the Secrets of Dumbledore,” hitting theaters April 15, 2022, the world is set to dive even further into the mythos! To understand the complex characters in the series, The Post spoke exclusively with two of the rising voices in American geekdom: Paul Florez-Taylor—known as the Comic King—and Luke James— known as a Pop Media Maven. As a team, we put our heads together to create the definitive list of Harry Potter wizards and witches that align with astrology and the zodiac. Follow the Comic King and Luke James for everything that’s hot in geekdom! Muggles, beware, this list is only for true die-hard fans of the series! Within the halls of Hogwarts and the land beyond, each character plays a significant role in the world of Harry Potter.  Find out which character aligns perfectly with your zodiac sign! What makes Draco Malfoy a force to be reckoned with is his competitive and bold nature. From the second he is introduced as an archnemesis in Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone, we know Harry will need to bring his A-game to Hogwarts because Draco is emblematic of the Aries spirit: ambitious and unyielding. Despite being raised in an aristocratic, dark wizard environment, he still remains passionate and fiery. Committed, nurturing and grounded. Is it any wonder that Hagrid embodies all of Taurus’s earthy qualities? Harry would not have been able to grow had it not been for Hagrid’s everlasting dedication to his young charge and the wisdom his soul emanated. Hagrid is also as stubborn and loyal as they come—even being so devoted to Hogwarts and working for them despite not even finishing his proper schooling after his expulsion in his third year. Rupert Grint’s performance as Ron Weasley was so great because of the strength and vulnerability he brought to the role. Much like Geminis, Ron is the perfect best friend to embark on adventures with because he is mischievous, funny and courageous.  Ron Weasley will also never hesitate to vocalize his opinions when he discusses anything with the trio. Geminis, like Ron, rely greatly on communication and telling their point of view. If we must go into a fight to the death at the Astronomy Tower, we want Professor McGonagall by our side. Loyal, maternal and intuitive, she will stand her ground until all those in her tribe are protected and safe from Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Professor McGonagall has shown on multiple occasions that she remains immensely protective towards Harry and the rest of the students at Hogwarts. She will stop at nothing to safeguard those under her wing. The titular hero of the franchise with a fiery and adventurous spirit! He is destined to usher in a new era at Hogwarts and avenge the wrong brought to his family. Even though Harry has every obstacle before him, he rises to the occasion like a true Leo and brings hope for a better tomorrow. Like Harry, Leos are natural leaders and have the willpower and drive to stand up to anything that comes in their way. No one embodies Virgo’s resourceful and brilliant nature in the Harry Potter franchise better than Hermione. If you’re embarking on a journey to destroy Voldemort’s Horcruxes, you need Emma Watson’s no BS and encyclopedic mind by your side. Harry and Ron would not have survived day one at Hogwarts if it weren’t for her. With the two boys by her side, Hermione is comparatively the most practical and level headed out of the trio, using more logic and rationale rather than luck or skill (even though Hermione is immensely skillful and powerful). Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  Bashful and kindhearted, Dobby survived life with the Malfoys because his spirit is stronger than his ego. There is a reason we all cried when he died by Bellatrix’s knife—because he was the beating heart of the story. Dobby charmed us all with his performance as a protective guardian to Harry, and he knew that Harry would bring justice to Dobby and the Wizarding World for stopping Voldemort. Determined. Mystical. Unstoppable. Voldemort embodies Scorpio’s tenacious nature by never compromising. Once a Scorpio’s mind is made up, their determination can never be stopped. Not even in death. Voldemort was devoted to his mission and would stop at nothing to get what he wanted. He would even go to the extent of sacrificing whoever tested his power, even those who supported him. Bellatrix is a true Sagittarius with her demented yet quirky hippie persona. Curious and strange, she may have walked out of a Tim Burton film (shout out to her actress Helena Bonham Carter) or she’s just an unpredictable murderous fiend. Either way, like all Sagittarius, she marches to the beat of her own drum. Bellatrix has shown that her spontaneity and spunk is hard to tame. Every hero needs a mentor who is practical and disciplined. There would be no Harry Potter had it not been for Dumbledore’s wise and sacrificing nature. Like all good leaders, Capricorns inspire others to greatness.  Like Capricorns, Dumbledore is also a very heavy-hitter, being known as one of the few people able to stand up against Voldemort in the Order of the Phoenix. Clever, cunning and radiant like a true Aquarius, Professor Snape’s undying love for Lily led him to secretly protect Harry from evil. He took the road less traveled so he could make all the difference, and that has won the affection of all Harry Potter fans. Despite seeming to work for Voldemort, he was a rather strategic spy for Dumbledore throughout the series and his sacrifice made him into one of the bravest characters throughout the entire series. A daydreamer who sees the world from a different perspective, Luna Lovegood is the never-ending optimist of Dumbledore’s Army. Her Patronus is a hare because they are symbolic of positivity and fortune, like Pisces themselves. Luna Lovegood, thought of by some as crazy, is really just a misunderstood character, and always looked at the good in people (and in creatures). She was even known for seeing a Thestral, which is a creature only known to be seen by people who have witnessed death. Despite her hardship in her young life, she always stayed positive and supportive of Harry. Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor and Luke James for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the Power of X-Men podcast, a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movie, and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits, and Wizard Magazine. Luke James is an artist and cosplayer with a special soft spot for everything MCU. He’s all about everything in geekdom, especially Avatar and Pokémon. In his spare time, he’s either in the gym hitting the weights or learning chaos magic in practice to become the next Scarlet Witch. Professionally he protects the public by being a real-life superhero as a firefighter. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.