Let’s face it — snagging that bona fide skincare product can be a difficult feat. With a catalog of cleansers, serums and moisturizers with SPF to choose from, it’s simple to single-handedly keep Sephora in business. But, what’s the best product for dry skin (or, more generally, a product that gives us that fresh, detox feeling? A facial exfoliant is a great start. “An exfoliator is a product that gets rid of dead skin cells on the surface of the skin,” Marina Peredo, MD, a board-certified dermatologist specializing in aesthetic dermatology and associate clinical professor at Mount Sinai Hospital, told the New York Post. “This can be in the form of a chemical or granular substance or an exfoliation tool.” What’s more, using an exfoliator can leave the skin looking brighter and enhance the absorption of skincare products such as lotions, moisturizers and serums, said Peredo, who has more than 31 years of experience. Exfoliation can help reduce clogged pores which can prevent acne, too. Ahead, we turned to the experts to list the 12 best facial exfoliators they recommend, along with an FAQ on how to use and what to look for in one. In tandem with the best toners and eye creams, one of these is worth the grab. Click to jump to the best facial exfoliators: Aiming for two to three times a week, according to Peredo, exfoliation is best used “after the skin is cleansed and does not have any makeup or dirt on it.” Likewise, she recommends exfoliating before you apply your moisturizer or serum to replenish any moisture that was lost during the exfoliation. Specifically, you should whip out this formula “If you feel like your skin is looking sallow or you have some areas of dry skin that you would like to smoothen,” Kavita Mariwalla, MD, a board-certified dermatologist and director of Mariwalla Dermatology, told The Post. Not to mention, it’s good to exfoliate as the seasons change. Different exfoliators target different problem areas dependent on its formula and what you are looking to target. For example, if acne is a problem, you should look for an exfoliate with azelaic acid, salicylic acid, or glycolic acid, according to Peredo. “If you have dry skin, exfoliating before moisturizing is good,” she adds. “You can exfoliate after a sunburn when the skin becomes flakey or dry.” If you have Keratosis Pilaris (KP), the upper arms are typically rough, so you can exfoliate that area. “For sensitive skin, an exfoliant may not be the best idea,” Mariwalla advises. “Often they can worsen sensitivity. For acne prone skin think of salicylic acids or alpha hydroxy acids.” What’s more, facial exfoliants come in the form of cleansers or facial scrubs, so you can select the formula based on your prefernce. “When you use an exfoliator for the face, the finer, granular ones are better because they are not as harsh and won’t cause skin abrasions,” Peredo recommends. As an Amazon’s Choice product, Dermatologica’s Daily Superfoliant has developed quite a following.  “You literally tap the powder into your hand, add water and exfoliate away,” Mariwalla explains. “It’s really soft on the skin and leaves it quite glowy afterwards.” Specifically, she recommends it for normal and oily skin, using weekly as a great additive to any skincare routine. Peredo vets Neutrogena’s Bright Boost Resurfacing Facial Exfoliator because it “has glycolic acid, which makes it great for those with acne-prone skin.” It brightens the skin — thanks to mandelic acid — and she likes that it’s oil-free so it won’t clog pores. “Its smooth consistency makes sure that it’s not a harsh physical exfoliant so it can be used on young and mature skin easily,” Mariwalla adds. “This is my go-to liquid exfoliant to use three times a week and I recommend it for everyone: from my acne prone pre-teens to my maskne breakouts,” Mariwalla shares. “A quick dab across the face is all I need to wake up with no skin concerns.” It’s especially helpful for those with oily skin, too. “Cetaphil’s Exfoliating Face Wash is great for those with sensitive skin because it is gentle,” Peredo highlights. “It’s hypoallergenic so it won’t irritate the skin.” What’s more, it’s buffered with vitamin E — a natural skin smoother — and vitamin B5 and glycerin, the latter a great hydrator, per Mariwalla. You can snag a two-pack at Amazon or buy the exfoliant singularly at Ulta Beauty. “This is a very popular liquid exfoliant that works well if you have oily skin,” Mariwalla notes. “If your skin runs dry, it may be a little too much and your skin may get drier with regular use of this product.” For acne-prone skin, she recommends this twice a week. Additionally, Paula’s Choice’s Exfoliant is formulated with BHAs “which help unclog pores and also reduces the appearance of wrinkles,” Peredo adds. “SkinCeuticals’ Micro-Exfoliating Scrub is a gentle exfoliator to help exfoliate and remove dead skin cells,” Peredo said. “It’s also moisturizing as it is formulated with glycerin and aloe leaf extract which hydrates and moisturizes.” For just $15 on Amazon, Era Organics’ Exfoliator is recommended my Mariwalla, namely for containing walnuts, a gritty physical exfoliant. “This would be good for the body, too, especially because it contains aloe and manuka honey which are very soothing to the skin,” she adds. Be sure to use it sparingly on the face as frequent use may cause small breaks in the skin, especially if you have rosacea prone skin or sensitive skin, she said. “SkinMedica’s AHA/BHA Exfoliating Cleanser improves skin texture and tone and is gentle on the skin,” Peredo highlights. “It’s formulated with salicylic acid, so those with acne can use it.” It’s also formulated with lactic acid, glycolic acid, citric acid and malic acid, making it great for all skin types. “Ole Henriksen’s Pore-Balance Facial Sauna Scrub is formulated with lactic acid, making it good for those with sensitive skin,” Peredo explains. “It also helps unclog pores and remove excess oil.” What’s more, it’s one of Mariwalla’s favorite exfoliators to use two to three times a week because “the warming action allows the glycolic and lactic acids in this scrub to penetrate pore and lift away dirt.” The combination of smooth volanic sand and neem seed oil are also exfoliating but hydrating at the same time. “This exfoliator has one of my favorite ingredients  — caffeine — which can help the skin look toned and tight,” Mariwalla explains. Regular use of this product can make the skin look brighter  (not to mention, the the scent feels like a bit of aromatherapy along the way!) Peredo adds that it’s great for all skin types and won’t clog your pores. As a personal favorite, Fresh’s Sugar Strawberry Exfoliating Face Wash is a warm-weather-ready, fruity recommendation from Mariwalla, too. “I love sugar based scrubs because they can be gentle on the skin and this one by Fresh is no exception,” she said. “The fruit extracts will gently exfoliate and this can be used on a semi-regular basis for all skin types.” According to Mariwalla, Murad’s AHA/BHA Exfoliating Cleanser “combines the best of all worlds,” in that it has jojoba beads to give you that physical exfoliation and three different types of acids for chemical exfoliation: salicylic, lactic and glycolic. “It’s great for oily skin and those with acne and perfect for those who want a once a week pick-me-up,” she continues. Peredo recommends it for brightening and smoothing the skin, along with being phthalate-free. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.