Rules are made to be broken, and that applies to the old adage that white jeans are only for the period between Memorial Day and Labor Day. We personally think that white, cream and beige denim can be worn year round, adding a pop of crisp and clean color to your wardrobe. However, they do make a great spring and summer statement, which is why we wanted to give you all the details on the denim trend ASAP. Buying jeans online can be stressful as is, but for the white version it can be even more complicated. Not only does the light hue show up differently in different lighting vs. on your computer screen, but getting a new pair only to realize they are see-through can be an embarrassing nightmare. That is why we ordered a whole closet-full of white jeans and denim shorts, testing them on ourselves in different cuts, styles and sizes to be sure that your Memorial Day investment isn’t too much of a labor. For reference, Sophie Cannon is a size 31 in most jeans (or between a 12 and 14) and Ruby McAullife is a size 26 in most jeans (or between a 1 and 2) Read on for the best jeans in every style, or use these links below to jump to a specific section. We love Curve Love. So much so, that you may see a few more styles of the Abercrombie collection pop up throughout this article. The first thing to note is the material itself, as it feels substantial and thick to the touch, hard to come by especially in white washes. Once on, they were proven to be the right thickness, not showing the color of my underwear nor any lines. This wash is made from their A&F Vintage Stretch Denim, which is the most rigid of the fabrics in the line. This works super well for white, as it holds up in any lighting, not letting any unmentionables peek through. Lastly, the length is perfect on my 5’3-ish frame, hitting right at the ankle. However, they also sell extra short, short and long lengths in this style, for any woman of any height. I’ve worn these around town countless times, and each time I do, I get many compliments. Maybe it’s because of the perfect relaxed fit or perhaps it’s due to the satin elastic that molds to your waist. Perhaps it’s the silhouette that’s loose in the the thigh and knee area though wide at the ankle. Whatever it is, these are at the top of my list. I was surprisingly impressed with these bad boys. Featuring a groovy 70s look, these Hollister high-rise flare jeans are slim throughout the waist and thighs but lead way to a dramatic flare opening. I also can’t get enough of the vintage hardware. Note, I’m on the shorter side and had to pair these flares with four-inch heels to make them work. While these Jeanerica jeans didn’t fit me as perfectly as I wish they did, I wouldn’t write them off. The upper fit me perfectly, hugging all of my curves in just the right places. Though, they were way too long for my 5’0-foot frame. So, if you’re on the taller side, you absolutely need these in your closet, but if you’re on the short side, I suggest opting for the NYDJ bottoms. Yes, yes, yes! If you’re on the hunt for a classic white skinny jean, these are it. Dress them up with some heels or dress them down with some sneakers. No matter what, they’ll fit you like a glove while hitting all of the right places. Oh. My. Goodness. Add these to your cart ASAP. These white skinny jeans not only provide you with that classic skinny jean look, but they add individuality with delicate lace detailing. These jeans also subtly slim your frame using built-in pocket panels while lifting your backside. But my favorite part of these Jen7 jeans is the perfect high waistline. Surprise, another Curve Love pick from Abercrombie. This time, I tried the ripped skinny jean look, despite Gen Z telling me that skinny jeans are cancelled. However, I think with a loose top and cute sandals, these are the move. I was impressed with the distressed look, as even when I bent and moved throughout the day, the knees didn’t rip or tear more, a problem I have with many pre-ripped pairs. I also liked the amount of rips, only showing my knees and nothing more. The actual denim is another plus, made from the A&F Signature Stretch Denim, which has the most stretch of the Curve Love line. This makes sense, as they are also the most form-fitting, without being constricting. Since they are tight, they may show some panty lines, but do not show any color, as the material is still topnotch. When I slipped these jeans on, the first word out of my mouth was, “Wow.” They fit like a glove, feature a hidden tummy shaping panel, are designed with a sleek look in mind and come in tall and petite sizes, which is perfect for my short frame. Though, you must note that there isn’t a zipper or button. While that was an intentional design move to minimize bulk, I love some good hardware. In the name of being honest, when these arrived, I was immediately skeptical. But to my surprise, they actually fit quite nice. You can look forward to a loose fit throughout, a released hem and a high waist. Note that if you’re shorter, you’re going to need to snag some heels, and if you aren’t a fan of the baggy look, these may not be the jeans for you. Channel your inner momma with these stretch mom jeans from American Eagle. They are seriously comfy and can be worn everywhere and anywhere. I cuffed mine at the ankle to achieve my desired length, but can be worn straight down, as they tapper at the bottom. The denim is also mid-weight, so they’re not jeggings but not quite as thick as typical jeans. My final take? You need them now. Maybe you’re not a regular mom — you’re a cool mom. If that sounds like you, opt for some ripped white mom jeans instead. You’ll find large rips throughout the thigh area and even a distressed bottom hemline. I also love the classic brown jean tag that stands out against the white. These ain’t your dad’s jeans… but maybe they should be? I recently started rocking the baggier look now that skinny jeans are out, and these may be the perfect pair for doing just that. The first thing I noticed was the super cool waist, with a crossover look that is an added style element as well as slimming to the eye. Plus, with a tighter waist, you still have some shape when the rest of the pant is baggy. Moving on down, I did feel that these were the most casual of the collection, with a more wrinkle-prone fabric than the rest, also a result of the bagginess on my shorter frame. However, with a good ironing and styling with heels and a tighter top, these could be the jeans of the summer. They are made of Abercrombie’s A&F Vintage Stretch Denim, so they do have a substantial and rigid feel to them, also retaining that ironing session. Here’s the down low on DL1961. I love a good white short moment for summer, and these are a stylish way to upgrade an outfit. The front tie is super flattering and since it is built into the short and not an extra ribbon of fabric, it stays in place throughout the day. I will note that these aren’t as “paper bag” like as other shorts, feeling a bit more rigid like denim does and with less of the synced waist and flowy leg look of other paper bag shorts. However, as a white short in general, they are thick, great quality and have that extra tie for good measure and style. I love a good classy fit, and these are it. Featuring a slim fit, low rise and a longer inseam, these shorts are ideal for Sunday brunching and walks in the park. Though, note that they do run a bit on the larger side. I’m typically a size two, but could have sized down. Who said long shorts were uncool? Honestly, I was skeptical, as these were a bit longer than I normally wear. However, since I also get that summer thigh chafing that can ruin a day in the sun, I wanted to try these. The length was indeed perfect, covering my thighs but still showing my knees. I also loved the cool twill fabric, although since it is thinner than a typical jean short, I could see my stomach lines, underwear lines and come bright colors through the fabric. Perfect for festival season and summer months alike, these denim mom shorts are amazing. I love how they hold my waist, open just a tad at the thighs and featuring laid-back distressing. They’re also the perfect length to give you that flared look without showing your entire backside. These shorts are a classic denim material, so note that they aren’t as stretchy as other American Eagle offerings. From the office to date night, I would highly recommend. Ann Taylor has the hookup for a classic boot cut style with these white jeans. Not only are they the perfect mid-rise style, but the sculpting and slimming pockets help to keep everything in place. I am on the short side, so take note of the 31-inch inseam should you be even shorter than I. However, when paired with heels for the office, these were perfect. The construction is also worth noting, as the fabric is thick enough to hide any underwear lines, but they can pick up some wrinkles and need a steam before hitting the town. You may know Hollister as the super dark store you used to walk into with your mom in middle school — well, they’ve come a long way. These patchwork vintage straight jeans are a must-have. Not only are they super comfortable and roomy, but they’ll have you feeling like a fashionista in no time. The jeans also strategically hug your waist and backside while loosening up at the thighs. This way, you won’t look frumpy but only trendy. They’re cute. They’re comfy. They’re Liverpool. Upon arrival, I was skeptical, as white jeggings (or leggings as the brand calls them) doesn’t seem like the best idea. But upon slipping them on, they felt silky, stretchy and beyond comfortable. I loved how it accentuated my curves, features a classic skinny fit and can be dressed up or down. Though, don’t expect the typical jean feel. They are jeggings after all, meaning you will get some scrunching towards the end of the pants and front. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.