They had a contingency plan for when “Jesus Walks.“ Amid news of Kanye West dropping out as headliner, Coachella has revealed that the Grammy-winner will be replaced by The Weeknd and Swedish House Mafia at the upcoming event. Coachella organizers tweeted the updated lineup in a Wednesday morning tweet. The move marks the second Coachella headlining spot for The Weeknd, who previously topped the bill in 2018. The Swedish House Mafia was originally slated to perform a special guest set but has now been bumped up to the main slot originally occupied by West, who was supposed to perform on April 17 and April 24. Billie Eilish and Harry Styles, who are also headlining, remain as the performers for the two Friday and Saturday dates, respectively. The reason for West’s departure is unclear. However it comes after the “Eazy” singer, 44, abruptly dropped out of the event amid a beef with fellow headliner Billie Eilish, whom he accused of dissing fellow rapper Travis Scott. “Bad Guy” singer Eilish had reportedly paused an Atlanta show to request that her crew give an inhaler to an audience member who was experiencing respiratory issues. “I wait for people to be OK before I keep going,” she said, which some interpreted as a flippant reference to when 10 people died at Scott’s Astroworld Festival in Houston in November. That didn’t sit well with West, who said he would refuse to perform at Coachella unless the singer apologized. However, Eilish, 20, insisted that she “literally never said a thing about Travis” and was “just helping a fan.” This isn’t the first time West didn’t show up for a high-profile gig. The “Eazy” rapper was also barred from performing at the 2022 Grammy Awards on Sunday following what a show representative called “concerning online behavior.” West ultimately declined to show up at the ceremony despite earning two trophies, Best Rap Song for “Jail” and Best Melodic Rap Performance for “Hurricane.” He was nominated in three other categories, including Album of the Year for his gospel-inspired 2021 album “Donda.” Page Six exclusively reported Friday that West, 44, had told ex-wife Kim Kardashian that he was “going away to get help” and would not be “making any public appearances or inflammatory social media statements.” The news came following his months-long “diss” campaign against comedian Pete Davidson, 28, who’s been dating Kardashian, 41, since the fall. Coachella will run until April 24 in Indio, California