Four Barbie wannabes who have spent a fortune on breast enhancements now look unrecognizable after revealing their new looks. Their transformations have cost them a small fortune – having spent a combined £30,000 ($39,213) on changing their cup sizes that could rival some of the world’s biggest. Now, they have revealed all about their experiences going under the knife in a bid to get the perfect chest. Yvonne, Amber, Cathy and Neyleen believe there’s no such thing as too big when it comes to boobs – and here they explain why. Model Yvonne Bar, 26, from Frankfurt, Germany, once complained she couldn’t find a boyfriend because her breasts were too big. Now, she has gone under the knife so much that she can’t see her own toes and has to sleep with a sports bra. The ex-investment banker has spent €70,000 ($75,723) on various cosmetic procedures throughout the years. Growing up, she felt insecure about her body and was bullied for her looks, with people calling her a “tomboy” or “stick with nipples.” But since 2013, Yvonne has had four breast enlargements, a Brazilian bum lift, liposuction and fillers in her lips, as well as her chin. And she’s recently gone back to the operating table to get herself a size H cup. But despite loving her look, there are everyday challenges to having a large chest. “I can’t see my toes when I look down,” Yvonne said. “Some tasks are difficult, especially if it requires me to move a lot or fast. “My neck sometimes hurts because my implants are very heavy. “I wear a sports bra mostly during the day and always at night for support.” A self-confessed plastic surgery “addict” who has spent £70,000 ($75,723) on multiple procedures, Amber May struggles to tie her own shoelaces thanks to her 36NN breasts. The 23-year-old from Leicestershire has been on a mission to achieve her dream curvy body for years and has been under the knife eight times. The model has had multiple boob jobs, Brazilian butt lifts (BBLs), two rhinoplasty surgeries, a round of buccal fat removal, three rounds of full body liposuction, and has had facial fillers and work done on her teeth. To date, Amber has spent £30,000 ($39,213) on her breasts and says she wants to continue having surgery indefinitely. “I like to look fake,” she said. “I like looking different, every surgery I have I look forward to it like it’s a hobby, I’ve had eight in total now. “I would say I’m addicted, I’m never nervous on the day I’m always excited.” Cathy works full-time as a cam girl and model, and has increased her breast size four times. The 30-year-old’s goal is to become “perfect like Barbie.” She first began transforming her appearance a few years ago, wanting to look more “feminine” and “doll-like”– and Cathy says she will go to any lengths to achieve the living doll look. So far, the model has increased her breast size from A to 80E – as well as injecting her lips, cheeks, chin and jawline with hyaluronic acid several times and a nose job. But, the model still plans on getting more surgery in the near future. “I have changed my appearance to look more feminine, more doll-like and to become perfect like a Barbie doll,” she said. “Yes, I am addicted to the perfectionism of femininity. Some things are worth it.” Neyleen Ashley, 33, has the biggest legal-size implants in the US – but the model is planning to get them removed after suffering from painful migraines and back tension. The social media influencer from Florida is known online to her 2.5 million followers on Instagram (@neyleenashley) for her trim figure. However her appearance has come at a high cost. “I’ve always suffered from horrific migraines but they got worse three years ago,” Neyleen said. “Almost every day, my upper shoulders and tendons have a lot of tension and it feels like my shoulders and neck are stretched. “My boobs also stop me from running and exercising. “I plan on getting my implants completely removed and doing a fat draft, or just getting a smaller implant instead. “Several doctors have advised me that it will be major surgery, where I will have a lot of scarring and tissue removed.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.