Want a scent that is truly unique? You can add all the best notes, but the only way to stand out is with Glossier’s secret ingredient. You. Glossier, the light pink and aesthetically-pleasing clean beauty brand has one perfume in their product offerings, but that one scent is a true chameleon when it comes to how it smells, making it a bestseller and a beloved perfume by many. Including the editors at the New York Post apparently, as we learned that many staffers wear this scent on the regular. This prompted us to question: what makes Glossier You so universal and universally loved? We decided to do a deep dive and a review, trying to answer the above while spritzing the office with the coveted pink bottle. Like with any scent, it is made with top and base notes. These we found quote easily on the company website, outlined below: However, as the description continues, the final scent needed for the full experience is you. More specifically the oils on your skin, as it reacts with your body chemistry, leaving a slightly nuanced smell on each wearer. “It’s not one of those perfumes you wear to become someone else. Mostly, it smells like you: soft, warm, familiar,” reads the description. “We designed everything about it to feel open ended, like it’ll grow with you no matter where you are in your personal evolution. This is not a finished product. It needs you.” For this, we have a few answers. The main full-sized bottle retails for $60 on the site, coming in the classic pink ombre bottle and red cap. This contains 50ml of perfume, which is a little less than a typical full-sized perfume. However, since a little goes a long way, we still think it to be worth it. They also have now finally restocked the solid perfume, which comes in a refillable pink compact that looks super cute on any vanity or desk. This retails for $30, making it a great budget option to try the smell first-hand. Refills cost $20, but they are still currently out of stock. For those that love the smell but don’t wear perfume, you can now buy Glossier You in a candle. Read the whole scoop here and get the perfume and candle in a the set for $78. Since the perfume is designed to be universally worn and loved by all, we wanted to put it to the test. After some sleuthing, we sniffed out some New York Post staffers that already love the product, asking them to share their thoughts. However, for a full review, we also passed around the perfume and candle to those new to the brand to get their take on the tantalizing smell. We asked members of our own Commerce Department, Features, SEO, Page Six and Sports, and here is what they had to say. Sophie Cannon, Commerce Reporter: “As the author of this article, I guess I am biased, but not when you hear the backstory. My college roommate and now best-friend wore this as her signature scent and I became obsessed. She got it for me for my birthday and four-plus years later I still wear it, turning whoever will listen to me on to it, too. To me, it is the perfect blend of feminine and masculine, with the woodsy notes I love in men’s cologne.” Ruby McAuliffe, Commerce Reporter: “Sitting two desks away from Sophie, I could smell the Glossier goodness. It was love at first smell, and now I need a few bottles in my vanity ASAP.” Meaghan Roche, SEO manager: “I’ve recently jumped on the Glossier train and haven’t looked back. I’m a big fan of every product I’ve tried so far, but the You fragrance is definitely my favorite. My boyfriend just gave it to me for Christmas and I’m already getting so many compliments on the scent.” Mackenzie Samet, Director of Visual Content: “This is my favorite scent right now. It has musky notes but transforms and smells a little bit different on everyone.” Francesca Bacardi, Chief Reporter PageSix.com: “I know this scent but also can’t place it at all! I can’t explain it but I know I KNOW the smell but cannot put words to it. It’s like a musky combination of pine needles with gasoline, but in a good way. There’s a sharp bite to but ends with a subtle smokey vibe.” Jaclyn Hendricks, Sports Entertainment Reporter: “I typically swear by ‘Love Story‘ from Chloe, but Glossier’s new perfume may just push me out of my Chloe comfort zone. This light and floral fragrance — with just a hint of a woodsiness — feels like the essential springtime scent.” Mary Jacob, Real Estate Reporter: “At first smell, this Glossier scent was strong and spicy — and that took me back! But then it turned into a refreshing, fancy hotel lobby smell — which I love. I heard that it is supposed to adjust to your body chemistry, which it must not be a fan of because after a few minutes it now smells like play-doh on me.” Nicholas Hautman, Deputy Editor, PageSix.com: “It’s giving Cher! Just kidding — I’m getting floral vibes. It’s kind of rich grandma-y but less obtrusive. There’s also a hint of grass.” Leah Bitsky, Senior Reporter, PageSix.com: “I was getting notes of bubblegum mixed with the scent of funeral home lilies. Sweet yet minty, this subtle scent is confusing yet comforting in all the right ways.” Danica Daniel, Features/Entertainment Writer/Editor: “Perhaps I have been spoiled by my holy grail scents which are Chanel Coco Mademoiselle (for everyday) and Chanel No. 5 (for special occasions). These perfumes elevate me into a world of luxury and decadence and seriously I have been stopped on streets and told I smell amazing more than once. I think of my perfume as the last thing I put on to complete my ‘lewk’ as I go out into the world — an expression of who I am without uttering a word and sadly “Glossier You” may be for you but it ain’t for me.” Jenna Lemoncelli, Sports Reporter: “OMG this reminds me of Paris Hilton’s ‘Just Me‘ perfume and I’m obsessed. It also reminds me of a men’s cologne, but I’d totally wear it either way. Wait, also I want this.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.