BOSTON — Everybody said Kevin Durant wouldn’t struggle as badly Wednesday night in Game 2 against the Celtics as he had in the Nets’ series-opening loss Sunday. They were right. He was worse. And Kyrie Irving struggled right alongside him in the Nets’ 114-107 loss before a sellout crowd of 19,156 at TD Garden. The Nets led by as many as 17-points late in the second quarter but blew that, then coughed up a 13-2 run that spanned into the fourth and left them down 96-92. They never recovered, and now trail the first-round series 2-0. Durant finished with a team-high 27 points, but shot 4-for-17 with six turnovers. Only an 18-for-20 night from the free-throw line made Durant’s totals look good. Irving, after a 39-point eruption in Game 1, was held to just 10 points, on 4-for-13 shooting. “They’re being physical. They’re up and into [Durant], grabbing him, holding him, all that stuff you come to expect,” Nets coach Steve Nash said of the Celtics’ defense. “He’s been uncomfortable and hasn’t looked like he’s quite been able to get his rhythm.” Uncomfortable is an understatement. In the Nets’ two losses, Durant is shooting just 31.7 percent (13-for-41 overall). It’s the first time in his career he has shot under 40 percent and committed at least six turnovers in consecutive games. “They’re playing two or three guys on me sometimes when I’m off the ball, mucking up actions when I run off stuff,” Durant said. “I see [Al] Horford leaving his man and coming over to hit me sometimes. There’s two or three guys hitting me wherever I go. That’s just the nature of the beast in the playoffs.” Boston has been more beastly so far these playoffs. Teams that go up 2-0 in a seven-game series win 92.4 percent of the time (302-25). And the Nets? They’re a winless 0-7 on the other end of that equation. Game 3 will be Saturday at Barclays Center, where the Nets have failed to cultivate any sort of home-court advantage in the regular season. That had better change in the postseason, or it could spell a first-round exit. “I think our intensity dropped a little bit in the second half. Made a big difference,” Nash said. “Thought they continued to be physical.” Said Irving: “I agree in part with that assessment with Steve in terms of our intensity. But us as players on the court, we’ve got to control that and rise to the occasion. Just simple as that.” Bruce Brown (23 points, eight rebounds) personally outscored his hometown team 9-0 in the first 2:33 to give the Nets an early lead they spent most of the rest of the night trying — and failing — to protect. They pulled ahead 62-45 on a running Durant pull-up with 1:45 left in the first half. But the Nets have had issues closing out quarters all season, and that came back to bite them not once, but twice, as they gave away another game. The Nets coughed up a 25-10 run that has spanned the intermission, fueled by Boston’s switching, long-armed defense. Jayson Tatum (19 points, 10 assists) found Horford for a 3-pointer to make it 72-68 with 8:12 left in the third, and when Durant was stripped by Jaylen Brown (22 points), it turned into a Tatum dunk that pulled the Celtics within 72-70 with 7:38 to go in the quarter. Seth Curry’s 3-pointer temporarily stanched the bleeding, and Durant hit two from the line to put the Nets up 77-70 with just under seven minutes left. But Boston kept coming. Durant missed a pair of free throws and Grant Williams hit two on the other end to cut the Nets’ lead to 79-77. And Daniel Theis’ jumper in the lane erased it altogether, pulling Boston even with 3:13 remaining in the third. After Smart knotted it at 81-all, the Nets mounted a 7-0 run that put them ahead. Patty Mills’ 3-pointer made it 88-81 with 1:18 remaining in the third. But it didn’t last. Even after the Nets went back up 90-83, they surrendered a 13-2 run. Payton Pritchard’s 20-foot step back put Boston ahead for the first time, 94-92 with 7:49 to play. And after Irving lost the ball out of bounds, Jaylen Brown’s driving layup left the Nets in a four-point hole. They never recovered. “We do want into their air space. I think we did that,” Celtics coach Ime Udoka said of his strategy against Durant. “We want to make him work defensively and offensively have bodies on him the whole time. Try to wear him down. It takes the effort of everyone getting on him and knowing the game plan.”