Fans are moving as fast as the speed of lightning to call for “The Flash” star Grant Gustin to replace embattled Ezra Miller in the upcoming WB film adaption of the DC superhero. Miller, 29, who identifies as nonbinary and uses they/them pronouns, has caught fire from Warner Bros. studio heads after they were arrested on March 28 in Hawaii for disorderly conduct and harassment. Gustin, 32, has portrayed Barry Allen/The Flash on the CW series of the same name since 2014, and the show was recently renewed for a ninth season. Miller’s “The Flash” movie was set to be released sometime in 2023. The “Perks of Being a Wallflower” actor’s future with the film hangs in the balance, as Warner and DC executives held an emergency meeting on March 30 to discuss the arrest. The conclusion of the assembly was to pause all future projects involving Miller and any public appearances they are scheduled to make for the action flick. Last year, Miller also had “frequent meltdowns” during production on the set of the film, according to a Rolling Stone report published on Wednesday. Fans dashed to social media to call for Gustin to become the next big-screen Barry Allen. Someone shared a meme of the “Glee” alum flashing a peace sign next to a headstone with Miller’s photo on it. “Probably a good time to mention this, Grant Gustin would’ve been a much better DCEU [DC Extended Universe] Flash,” a Gustin supporter suggested, while another wrote, “Ezra Miller should not play The Flash again or act at all until they get the help they clearly need.” “Warner Bros needs to find a new Flash and fast because I’m genuinely concerned for Ezra Miller’s state of mind,” one fan scribed. “Give [the role] to grant gustin please god that man is so good he deserves better than a show with a $5 budget,” someone joked, comparing the CW show to the bigger-budget WB film. “Enough is enough! They should recast Ezra Miller with ‘Grant Gustin’ #GrantIsTheFlash#DC,” a fan exclaimed, while another called Gustin an “obvious” replacement. “Grant Gustin is an obvious choice to replace Ezra Miller,” the user tweeted. “The Flash tv show has had 8 seasons. Finish it. The stories are tired. Give him a chance at the movie.”