Over bettors should get a great goaltending matchup on Wednesday night when Martin Jones of the Philadelphia Flyers faces off against Alexandar Georgiev of the New York Rangers. Oddsmakers currently have this Over/Under set at 6, but it wouldn’t be a surprise to see it click up to 6.5 by the time the puck drops. The Flyers are out of the playoffs but the Rangers are in second place in the Metropolitan Conference. Their NHL Stanley Cup odds are set at +1600 on DraftKings. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Rangers -1.5 (+120) vs. Flyers +1.5 (-145) Moneyline: Rangers -200 vs. Flyers +170 Total: Over 6 (-110) | Under 6 (-110) While the Rangers won’t be painted as defensive dynamos this season, they have improved their defensive play of late. The Blueshirts are allowing just 2.1 goals and 2.17 expected goals per 60 minutes over their last 15 games. According to Natural Stat Trick, only four teams have allowed fewer high-danger scoring chances at 5-on-5 than the Rangers over the last month. That type of defensive form may give bettors reason to pause before betting the over in this matchup, but with Georgiev, in net, it’s not a huge concern. The deputy to Igor Shesterkin, Georgiev has struggled to find his game all season. The Bulgarian-born netminder has skated to a .896 save percentage and a -7.1 Goals Saved Above Expected in 29 games this season. Philadelphia’s defense, which has been pedestrian at best of late and poor for most of the season, will need to be close to flawless in this one since they won’t have the safety net of Carter Hart playing behind them. Instead, they’ll be looking to limit the damage in front of Jones, who has struggled to a .899 save percentage and an -11.3 GSAx in 30 appearances this season. Jones came in cold for the Flyers in Tuesday night’s 9-2 loss to Washington and allowed six goals on 27 shots. With both teams playing on the second night of a back-to-back, goaltending confirmations likely won’t come until close to puck drop, but it would be a shocker to see Gallant risk going back to Shesterkin in what is far from a must-win game. Jones should also be a safe assumption as well after Hart exited Tuesday’s game with an injury, though we could see Mike Yeo tap Felix Sandstrom to make his second NHL start. Either way, we’re looking at an over-friendly goaltending matchup in Philadelphia on Wednesday night. Rangers vs. Flyers prediction: Over 6.5 (-105 or better)