Social media users are collectively rolling their eyes and groaning at “Wheel of Fortune” host Pat Sajak’s latest blunder. Wednesday’s episode of the long-running game show featured Sajak, 75, asking letter-turner Vanna White a shocking question that made fans sigh behind their computer screens. Contestant Ashley Fabian is a professional opera singer and scored $67,410 throughout the regular play round and bonus puzzle. But she seemingly got caught in the crossfire of a weird conversation between Sajak and White, 65. “Are you an opera buff at all?” Sajak asked, to which White responded, “Yes. I’m not a buff, but I like opera.” That’s when things got nakedly bizarre. “Have you ever watched opera in the buff?” Sajak then wondered. “I’m just curious.” White responded with a firm “No,” and seemed to laugh it off. But eyebrows were raised and fingers were click-clacking as the strange moment unfolded. “I feel like I just witnessed a #metoo moment on @WheelofFortune?” one user tweeted. “Did Pat Sajak just ask Vanna White if she watches the opera naked? #WhatInTheWhatNow? #WheelofFortune #TheWheel,” asked another show-watcher. Still another chimed in: “@WheelofFortune someone please replace this man. @patsajak is absolutely inappropriate asking @TheVannaWhite if she’s watched opera naked? Are you serious? Gross.” “‘Have you ever watched opera in the buff?’ Pat Sajak to Vanna White. When did this game show turn into Wheel of Fortune After Dark?” someone penned, while one viewer said, “Dude is trying to keep the thrill alive for this job any way he can. I’m amazed he hasn’t resorted to torturing contestants during the show.” The Post has reached out for comment from representatives of “Wheel of Fortune.” White began appearing on “Wheel of Fortune” in 1982, while Sajak came on to host just a year prior. This is the latest in a long string of incidents on the show that have incited fan backlash. Earlier this month, Sajak caused some friction during an episode when contestant Chris Davidson lost out on a trip to Puerto Rico after he made a rookie mistake answering a puzzle. Instead of correctly solving the puzzle and saying “frozen concoction,” he first responded by adding an extra article — saying “a frozen concoction” — before repeating his answer as “frozen concoction,” which was immediately nixed by the show’s judges. Sajak then haughtily stated, “Chris knows what he did, which is why he went back.” “He threw in that article. He threw in the ‘a’ in front of it, and we can’t accept it. Just the way it goes,” Chicago native Sajak noted. “It’s just one of the rules, and we gotta go by ’em, and Carol ends up getting the trip to Puerto Rico.” Despite the mistake leaving Davidson without a sunny vacation, he still won some cash. He was advanced to the bonus round and his total winnings rounded out to $13,900. Other episodes have subjected viewers to stumped contestants’ often bizarre guesses and seemingly “incorrect” winning answers, as well as Sajak’s sometimes bizarre exchanges with contestants.