A UK man recounted the horrific story of going to a hospital, thinking he just had a “cold” — and ending up paralyzed and losing his leg, with doctors giving him a 10 percent chance of survival. “I was in absolute pieces, thinking, ‘Am I going to walk again? Am I going to be in a wheelchair for the rest of my life? What will my life be like?'” Joe Ford, 31, told Kennedy News of his nearly eight-month-long ordeal. The Southeast London resident’s harrowing survival saga began innocuously in 2019 after he started feeling “a bit tired” and “groggy.” However, Ford — who coaches a children’s soccer team — said it didn’t seem “too out of the norm,” explaining: “I just thought that I was overworking or had a cold.” The Londoner didn’t think anything of it until he woke up sick one day with stomach pains.  When the symptoms didn’t go away, he reported to the Queen Mary’s Hospital in Sidcup, Kent, where he apparently passed out on the floor. “[I] told the lady at the desk my symptoms but then I collapsed,” he recalled. It turns out that Ford had gone into shock due to sepsis —  a life-threatening condition that occurs when the body attempts to fight off infection and ends up attacking and damaging its own tissues. To this day, doctors are unsure what had caused the condition, as they were unable to find any cuts on his body that may have gotten infected and sparked the immune reaction, Kennedy reported. The then-29-year-old was placed into a medically-induced coma and pumped full of antibiotics to battle the sepsis that was ravaging his major organs. Despite the medical staff’s best efforts, the prognosis was not good. “Doctors told my parents I had a 10 percent chance of surviving and they should start organizing my funeral because they really didn’t think I was going to make it through,” said Ford. All told, the patient spent nearly a month in a coma: 2½ weeks at Princess Royal University Hospital in Farnborough, Kent, and then another week at the ICU in King’s College Hospital in Lambeth, London. When Ford finally awoke, he was completely paralyzed and unable to speak on account of being comatose for so long. Doctors reportedly had to make an incision in his neck and insert a tube so he could breathe. “The next thing I remember was waking up in a hospital bed with loads of people around me, telling me to stay calm,” said Ford, who reportedly didn’t regain his speech until three weeks later. “I was in and out of consciousness.” Along with his paralysis, the soccer fan’s tissue had begun to turn black and die due to sepsis. “I was black and blue, my face was swollen and all the tips of my body — my nose, fingers, toes and the bottom of both feet — they all went black and necrotic,” said the distraught Brit. After a week, Ford’s right foot still hadn’t improved, so in June doctors conducted “an operation to take away all of the dead skin to see what was left and if there was anything they could do,” he said. “When I woke up [from surgery], a nurse was dressing my foot and I asked her to take a picture of it — it was quite shocking and horrible to see,” the patient said. The resultant picture shows where doctors scooped out all the necrotic flesh from the sole of his foot. Unfortunately, the operation revealed that Ford’s appendage was “unsalvageable” and his lower-right leg was amputated the following month. “They said they could take a skin graft from another area of my body and put it on the foot, but it wouldn’t be a foot that you could walk on and I would forever be having skin problems with it,” he said. “It would basically just be a dead limb and I wouldn’t have any quality of life with it. They gave me that option or the option to amputate.” Ford was reportedly “devastated” after losing the limb, saying: “My passion in life is coaching children, coaching football — and that was my main concern, thinking, ‘Am I going to be able to do that again?’ “ Things started looking up post-op when the children’s football coach was transferred to Lambeth Community Care Centre in September 2019. There, he was outfitted with a prosthetic leg and taught to walk again. “With being in a coma for 3½ weeks, it’s amazing how quickly your body and nerves start to die,” said Ford. “I had to really slowly build my body up again. “Slowly they teach you and you get stronger every day and have a chance of getting back into a normal routine,” he added. Ford left the rehab center a month early in October 2019 — after just two months — exceeding expectations. He continues to undergo physical therapy and receives hand massages several times a month to strengthen those limbs. Despite his strides, Ford believes he only has 75 percent function in his hands to this day. “It’s been a long road and there’s still a long way to go, but I’m getting there,” he said. Unfortunately, the sepsis sufferer received another blow after learning that his dad and fellow football coach, Martin Ford, had cancer. He passed away just months later in May 2020. However, the devoted son has managed to keep his dad’s legacy alive by merging his own soccer coaching company — JMF Allstars — with another firm. Ford ultimately hopes that his sepsis saga can help shine a light on the insidious condition. “I had no idea what sepsis was,” the soccer coach lamented. “I don’t think a lot of people know about it; it’s not really talked about a lot, but it’s a deadly, silent killer.” Data from 2017 linked sepsis to approximately 11 million deaths worldwide — roughly 20% of annual deaths worldwide, according to the World Health Organization. In another shocking sepsis story last month, a UK woman’s hand resembled a shark puppet after doctors sewed the appendage inside her stomach to fight infection. 