Mothers. They dressed us, cheered us on at soccer practice, held us while we cried from our first heartbreak, supported us during every big achievement — and they deserve to feel appreciated every day — especially on Mother’s Day! The big day, which is on Sunday, May 8, is the perfect day to spoil the mother figure in your life. While you can’t go wrong with a beautiful bouquet of flowers, consider thinking outside of the box this year. Ahead find more than 50 awesome Mother’s Day gifts that include jewelry, sweets, tech, gift baskets and so much more. Top picks include a custom blanket from Baublebar, a YETI rambler to keep her favorite wine cold, the Internet-famous Always Pan and so much more. Whether you’re shopping for your mom, grandmother, sister, aunt or best friend, she’s bound to love any of the following gifts this year. To shop this gift guide by category, simply click on each link below: When in doubt, the mother figure in your life is sure to need more clothing and you can’t go wrong with a pair of lululemon leggings. We love this purple color in the brand’s popular Align style for spring and summer. Who wouldn’t love a new pair of slippers for Mother’s Day? This slip-on style from UGG comes in five different shades and is bound to make lounging around the house that much more comfortable. If she’s a fan of loungewear (who isn’t?) then you can’t go wrong with this ultra-comfy cashmere rib-knit cardigan. It comes in dozens of colors! If your mom takes her skincare routine seriously, we recommend gifting her a Foreo Luna 3 tool. The device lifts away dirt and oil within one minute and gives a targeted firming facial massage that leaves your skin looking younger and smoother. The new Allbirds Tree Dasher 2 sneakers are ideal for anyone who likes comfortable, trendy running shoes. They’re great for working out, commuting, running errands and everything in between. Pretty much everything at Rothy’s is Mother’s Day approved. This tote bag comes in a variety of colors and will take her from the office to the beach in no time. Calling all skincare lovers! This bedtime Sunday Riley gift set is what dreams are made of (literally). It features a cleanser, night oil, lactic acid treatment, moisturizer and more. The lululemon Everywhere Belt Bag is taking over the Internet and I can say from personal experience, it’s worth the hype! Whether your mom enjoys taking long walks around the neighborhood or prefers to be hands-free while running errands, she’ll love this gift. Gift your mother figure a pea in a pod bracelet from Eve’s Addiction that features you and your siblings’ birthstones. We love this chic coin necklace from Gorjana that can be personalized with whatever engraving you want — whether it be her kid’s initials, names or birth dates. This asymmetrical letter necklace made by Maya Brenner is another beautiful option. This dainty piece is made with 14 karat gold, making it an elegant and timeless piece for her collection. You can customize this necklace with the letters of your mom’s initials or the first letter of her children’s names. For a budget-friendly and simple Mother’s Day jewelry pick, consider this inspirational bangle from Amazon. Zales has many thoughtful Mother’s Day jewelry options, including this birthstone wavering that comes in a variety of materials and the ability to add up to 10 different stones. We love this customizable, simple and delicate heart necklace that can easily be stacked with her other favorite arm candy. When in doubt, go with something sweet like a gift basket! For a bite-size Mother’s Day dessert option, consider Baked by Melissa. It comes with 25 mini cupcakes in five different flavors: chocolate with sprinkles, blondie, salted caramel brownie, electric tie-dye, s’mores and vanilla with sprinkles. The best part? Five dollars from every Mother’s Day order will be donated to Baby Quest, a nonprofit that awards financial assistance to those who cannot afford infertility treatments like IVF, helping families to fulfill the dream of parenthood. Who doesn’t love chocolate? If you’re at a loss on what to buy your mother this holiday, go with a limited edition chocolate box from Godiva. If mom has a sweet tooth, she’ll definitely appreciate this beautifully decorated pink rose cake with chocolate filling. Truffle balls from Milk Bar? We’re in! This assorted box features tasty truffle bites in three flavors: red velvet, birthday and chocolate birthday. If you’re unable to deliver your Mother’s Day gift yourself, your Mom will surely love a fancy gift basket like this one that features chocolate, fruit, and most importantly, wine. If she loves flowers just as much as she loves donuts, combine her two favorite things with this fun bouquet filled with her favorite desserts. If your mom loves to read and doesn’t mind using an e-reader (which is way more convenient, if you ask us!) she’ll totally adore receiving the brand new Amazon Paperwhite for Mother’s Day. Whether the mom you’re shopping for is running around with the kids or swamped with zoom calls, sometimes it’s not always realistic to enjoy a cup of warm tea or coffee at the top of the morning. The Ember temperature control smart mug will maintain your desired drinking temperature for up to 1.5 hours or all day when paired with the included charging coaster. If your mom has expressed interest in the sold-out Dyson AirWrap, consider getting her the next best thing — the Revlon One-Step Hot Air Brush. Check out our review from a commerce editor who swears by it. If your mom loves to cook, she likely already owns one of the popular Le Creuset Cast Iron Dutch Ovens but if not, we highly recommend you gift her one for Mother’s Day. They’re great for creating stews, soups, sauces and more. The best part? Amazon is currently slashing the price of this 7.25-quart option by 20 percent. If she hasn’t cut the cord quite yet, you can’t go wrong with a pair of Apple Airpods Pro. The newest generation offer noise-canceling capabilities, up to 24 hours of listening time with the case and are sweat and water-resistant. Gift your wife or loved one a custom collage puzzle filled with her favorite photos of her little one and she’s sure to love it. A toddler is only this small, once! Cherish and capture their baby’s perfect little handprint, footprint, fingers and toes with this adorable keepsake that any new mom will adore. If Mama loves to bake and cook but struggles to find kid-friendly recipes, gift this book to her so she can enjoy some kitchen fun with her little one. Ideal for kids 6-year-old or older, have your kids decorate these stones with sweet Mother’s Day notes so mom can scatter them throughout her garden. While it’s no secret that mothering is undoubtedly the hardest job in the world, it’s enviably the hardest when her kids are young. Gift this to the mother who could use a few minutes a day to meditate. If you’re working with a small budget, that doesn’t mean you can’t find a thoughtful gift your mom will love. Consider this sweet “Letters to My Mom” set from UncommonGoods — it’s filled with situation-specific prompts, inviting you to express your gratitude for mom. This Knock Knock “What I Love About Mom” fill-in-the-blank book is the perfect way to show your mother figure just how much you mean to her this year. This totally customizable coupon book is the most affordable Mother’s Day gift on our list and we can guarantee she’ll love it just as much as any other present. If she has aspirations to see the world, inspire her with some new trip ideas with none other than National Geographic’s “Destinations of a Lifetime” travel book. You can never have too many mugs. Any mother figure would love this chic, monogrammed option from Anthropologie. When in doubt, you can’t go wrong with an Amazon gift card — after all you can buy just about everything on Amazon these days! Make mom’s time in the kitchen even more special with her very own customized cutting board from Personalization Mall. The famous multi-purpose Always Pan is an awesome gift for Mother’s Day. According to the website, this kitchen utensil can replace your fry pan, sauté pan, steamer, skillet, saucier, saucepan, non-stick pan, spatula and spoon rest — all in one. This Yeti wine rambler is great to keep her favorite beverage as cold as she wants thanks to the insulated casing. It would be great for the beach, boat or pool and comes in four different colors. Plus, it can be customized! Is she a movie buff and a foodie? If so, Mom will love this “Eat What You Watch” cookbook filled with recipes inspired by classic films like “Harry Met Sally” and “Sixteen Candles.” If the mother figure in your life loves gardening but doesn’t have a good amount of outdoor space, the Click & Grow Smart Garden is a great option for her. Not convinced yet? Check out our standalone review on it. A new set of sheets would also make an awesome Mother’s Day gift. This bestselling sheet bundle from Brooklinen has thousands of reviews and comes in over a dozen different colors and patterns. The set includes a flat sheet, two pillowcases, one fitted sheet and a duvet cover. If she deals with stress (who doesn’t?) and anxiety, a weighted blanket is a great gift. These blankets have become popular over the years for their anxiety-reducing effects. Research has shown that sleeping under weight brings a better sleep overall — leaving you feeling rested and revitalized. Others have said that weighted blankets have even helped decrease their anxiety and stress. This one created by Casper is extra special since it’s made of nothing but biodegradable tree fabric that is naturally cooling, perfect for hot sleepers. If she loves traveling, cooking and trying out different cuisines, one of The Chef & The Dish’s gourmet cooking classes is the perfect gift. The company offers a fun and luxurious way to do a one-on-one cooking class with chefs around the world. In addition to Baublebar’s incredible selection of jewelry, they also sell fun and trendy throw blankets. Choose from a variety of styles and designs, plus customize your blanket of choice with their name. Note: make sure to order your blanket before April 12 to ensure delivery in time for Mother’s Day. Make cleaning day that much more enjoyable by gifting mom an iRobot Roomba — it will do most of the work for her! Robot vacuums use sensors to detect small particles of dirt, hair and debris, can be controlled with their smartphone, activated by voice and clean automatically on a schedule you set. Gift her this luxurious mini trio of Diptyque candles that features three of the brand’s most popular scents: Baies (berries and Bulgarian roses), Figuier (fig tree) and Roses. If she adores flowers, gift her the best of the best: an arrangement from Venus Et Fleur. The brand is known for its gorgeous florals that last for 365 days or longer. Urban Stems offers a variety of unique floral arrangements including this one called “The Firecracker” which features a mixture of color and texture — the perfect fit for anyone is looking for something out of the norm this season. Looking for something she can see grow over the next few months and years? The Sill is another great place to shop for Mother’s Day flowers. We love show-stopping, orange orchids for any occasion. FromYouFlowers.com also offers a wide variety of Mother’s Day flower arrangements, she’s bound to love. Up your card game for Mother’s Day with this dazzling standalone paper flower bouquet that includes a collection of colorful blooms in shades of pink, purple, white, and blue, and displays a note that says, ‘For Mom.’ Add a personalized note and picture for an extra $5 or if you have a bit more time, ship it right to your address so you can handwrite a sweet letter, instead. If you’re looking to go the extra mile this Mother’s Day, you won’t regret gifting UncommonGood’s Mother & Daughter Letter Book Set which includes 40 cards for mothers and daughters to exchange, share, and treasure over the years. A Book of the Month subscription is the key to any book worm’s heart. Gift three months for $50, six months for $100 or 12 months for $180. Make mom feel like her kids are close by no matter how many miles away they may be with this personalized family member signpost from UncommonGoods. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.