She’ll probably never miss an episode now. Kim Kardashian, girlfriend of “Saturday Night Live” comedian Pete Davidson, claimed she never watched an episode of the iconic late-night skit show prior to hosting in October. During an episode of the “Not Skinny But Not Fat” podcast with host Amanda Hirsch, the fashion and beauty mogul, 41, detailed her hosting experience. After being charmed into the gig by Lorne Michaels, she admitted she had to study for the role. “I didn’t want to go and embarrass myself and get up there and not be funny,” she said. “But I had never seen an episode, really, of ‘SNL.’ I had gone and watched parts obviously, because, you know, Kanye performed so many times. So I’d been there in the audience, and then I’d seen a full show in person once. But as far as watching the show, I didn’t really know what the monologue entailed.” All it took was watching one episode, understanding how the monologue was supposed to go, “and was like, ‘OK, I got this,’ ” the reality star, who was recently criticized over commentary about working hard, revealed. Kardashian also revealed her true feelings of stage fright in the upcoming Hulu series “The Kardashians,” which airs Thursday on the streaming service. It shows part of her “SNL” jitters, which were calmed with the help of comedians Michelle Wolf and Amy Schumer. But, as Kardashian dished in the podcast, the individual skits were giving her the most anxiety. “I wasn’t worried about the monologue, I was worried about all the skits,” she said. In one skit, though, she met her future beau: Davidson. The duo played Disney characters Aladdin and Jasmine in one playful skit, where they even shared a smooch. “When we kissed, I was just like ‘Mmm!’ It was a stage kiss, but it was still a little zing,” Kardashian said on the podcast. Kardashian has been on a tour of interviews lately before the Hulu show begins streaming this week, including an appearance on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” where she talks about the difficulties of high fashion, her appearance on “SNL” and, in true Ellen fashion, even gets pranked. “I had no idea what I was getting myself into,” she said of hosting in the episode teaser.