Fox Nation’s Nancy Grace — onetime Atlanta prosecutor — her mouth and knowledge are everywhere. So, first question, marijuana. Then, prisons. “As for marijuana, vehicular homicides skyrocketed. I don’t like dead bodies on highways. I don’t like kids getting high while driving. “Prisons? Hardened criminals back out after attacking innocents? Why don’t officials use money in federal coffers to protect innocent people instead of whining about existing prisons? Although this upsets elitist ideology, the answer’s build more modern jail facilities.” Tell about your being on the Brian Laundrie/Gabby Petito case. “He’d returned in her own van and with her credit and debit cards. So his family knew — but they sat on it. Ultimately, someone in the wilderness spied Gabby’s van but not near a port-a-potty or water hookup which are the prime stops. So they called police and that’s how her body was found. Since only his family’s lawyers would know any information and they are under privilege, it’s doubtful the parents will be prosecuted.” Everyone has his/her/its/their own shtick. Like the time lightbulbs were off at Madonna’s place. As in really off. Not turned off. Just not turned on. Why? Investigation proved burnout. Old. Done. Kaput. Not replaced. Finished. Like they were Edison’s original batch. Could be an accident. Or nobody noticed. Could also be she just needs to roll fresh diapers onto her boy lover and teach him how to spell “Home Depot.” We all know Julia Roberts is playing Martha Mitchell in “Gaslit” with Sean Penn as John Mitchell. We all know she still looks nifty, and in downtown Albania they even know it’s her 20-year wedding anniversary to Danny Moder. But do we all know what we should all know about what you have to know to have a successful marriage? She told Sirius host Jess Cagle the secret is plumbing and canoodling. Julia: “Happiness is two bathroom sinks and lots of kissing.” Shove lawyers. All Johnny Depp and Amber Heard needed was extra faucets. Enough with privacy invaded. Phones know where you are. Computers tell what you think. Now, artificial intelligence says it can read human emotions, feelings, so businesses can sell you that shmatta you didn’t need in the first place. Big house, glamorous car, expensive vacation, food, toys, accessories lead what we buy. Conscious or not, humans react to triggers. Cognovi Labs now offers “Emotion AI” Its CEO, Beni Gradwohl, says not all in industry can translate insights into actionable strategies. But the little company that could figure it out and is first to offer industries “Emotion AI” — an emotional response to all ticketed items, a company, a brand or service. Great idea. For me let him only find a white blouse that stays clean. Manhattan’s newest package deal. Getting the store to gift wrap the stuff you just shoplifted. Only in New York, kids, Only in New York.