FanDuel’s fantastic sign-up offer means new players do not need a code to claim their NFL Draft 2022 bonus. New customers can grab a $1,000 risk-free bet when they sign up for FanDuel Sportsbook, using the link below. Disclaimer: Betting on the NFL Draft is not permitted in New York. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are no minimum odds for your first bet or any wagering requirements for winnings associated with your free bets.  Round 1 of the 2022 NFL draft kicks off in Las Vegas on Thursday at 8 p.m. ET and Rounds 2-7 will follow on Friday and Saturday. Again, Jacksonville Jaguars have the No. 1 pick, but who that pick will be is still to be decided. The theme of this offseason has been to expect the unexpected. There are many questions that simply won’t have an answer until Thursday night, like who will be picked at No. 1 and when will the first quarterback be taken off the board. Travon Walker is the current favorite to head to the Jaguars, despite Aidan Hutchinson spending the past month or so seemingly locked in at No. 1. The Georgia defender lacks prolific collegiate numbers, but it’s tough to deny his sky-high upside: Walker is big, super athletic, and still just scratching the surface of his pass-rushing potential. Hutchinson will no doubt still be up in the single digit draft picks. A plug-and-play disruptor, he would immediately up the intensity on anyone’s front line. If someone needs a team to make big plays, this is your guy. Elsewhere in the draft, Evan Neal is raising eyebrows as the best offensive tackle in the draft. Neal is an experienced and versatile offensive lineman with a tantalizing combination of size and athleticism. A former five-star recruit out of Bradenton, Florida, he was rated as the No. 1 offensive tackle and No. 7 overall player nationally If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50. 