A bride-to-be canceled her ”dream” wedding after finding a shocking discovery on her partner’s computer. Almost nothing compares to the heartbreak upon realizing that the person you love turns out to be someone completely else. For one woman, this unfortunate discovery happened just months before her ”dream’ wedding with the love of her life, Daily Star reported. In a clip posted to TikTok, one user shared how her world came crashing down after she stumbled upon a folder on her now-ex partner’s work computer. The 25-year-old who goes by the name Maria (@lifebymaria) revealed the tragic story on social media. ”Imagine being engaged, 3 months away from your dream wedding, invitations are sent, and on a random Thursday finding out your fiancé has been hiding a porn folder which included photos of your sisters and his co-workers.” Since being uploaded on the social media giant, the heartbreaking turn of events has gone viral and has racked up a whopping 720,000 views. After getting such a huge reaction, Maria proceeded to explain what had happened in the comments section. ”He was helping me apply for a job because my computer wasn’t working. ”He downloaded my resume to his work computer and went to his folder files to look where the files were downloaded.” After clicking on the particular folder, she came to discover photos of her sisters and other individuals. ”He said he would stare at the photos during work and picture them naked because he was ‘bored’ and it was a thrill for him to do so during work,” the woman added. She also alleged that he would cyber stalk her siblings, ”cropped from Instagram, etc and used them for porn purposes”. The story left many gobsmacked, as hundreds of viewers fled to comments to share support. ”Better than a divorce babe. Saved yourself,” thought one user. Another agreed, writing: ”Not only you saved yourself, you saved them too. ”He could have done something if you kept quiet about it in hopes to save your relationship.” ”Nauseous for you. Wishing you lots of healing and love,” a third joined, whilst someone else thought she had ”dodged a bullet’.’ This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.