No one puts Baby in the corner. Jennifer Grey is set to have the time of her life once more in the sequel to 1987’s “Dirty Dancing.” Lionsgate held a presentation at Cinemacon in Las Vegas yesterday where they announced the new flick alongside old clips from the romance drama. “Jennifer Grey returns to Kellerman’s in the next chapter,” a voiceover said. Kellerman’s was the Catskills resort where Grey’s character Frances “Baby” Houseman and her family vacationed when she met and ultimately fell in love with dancing and Patrick Swayze’s Johnny Castle. The world of “Dirty Dancing” was expanded with two other ill-received projects in the past. 2004 saw a prequel flick entitled “Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights” that had very little to do with the original film and brought the location to Central America amid the Cuban revolution in the 1950s. Swayze — who died in 2009 at the age of 57 — made a cameo appearance as a dance class instructor. The prequel garnered poor reviews, however the soundtrack was pretty satisfactory. ABC then commissioned a made-for-TV “Dirty Dancing” remake that bombed the ratings with their musical song covers and extra unnecessary scenes to stretch a three-hour time slot. Whispers of Grey’s involvement in a potential sequel first hit in 2020 when Deadline reported that Lionsgate CEO Jon Feltheimer described the project as “one of the worst kept secrets in Hollywood.” “It will be exactly the kind of romantic, nostalgic movie that the franchise’s fans have been waiting for and that have made it the biggest-selling library title in the Company’s history,” Feltheimer said in an earnings call at the time. The “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” actress is dropping her new memoir “Out of the Corner” on May 3 and went into great detail about her life as one of the top stars of the 1980s. Ahead of her book release, she spoke to People about getting a nose job shortly after “Dirty Dancing” premiered. Her mother had urged her to undergo a rhinoplasty following the film’s release. “She loves me, loved me, always has, and she was pragmatic because she was saying, ‘Guess what? It’s too hard to cast you. Make it easier for them.’ And then I did and she was right,” Grey told the outlet. Once she had second nose job, which she called it an “anti-rhinoplasty,” Grey went to a red carpet event with Michael Douglas — who didn’t even recognize her. “That was the first time I had gone out in public. And it became the thing, the idea of being completely invisible, from one day to the next. In the world’s eyes, I was no longer me. and the weird thing was that thing that I resisted my whole life, and the thing I was so upset with my mother for always telling me I should do my nose,” she said. She added, “I really thought it was capitulating. I really thought it meant surrendering to the enemy camp. I just thought, ‘I’m good enough. I shouldn’t have to do this.’ That’s really what I felt. ‘I’m beautiful enough.’”