Mayim Bialik is switching it up. The 46-year-old performer returned to her hosting gig on “Jeopardy!” last week and was seen rocking a new hairdo. Instead of the “Big Bang Theory” actress’s signature curly locks, she showed up on set wearing her hair in straight strands. Fans were into her new look and couldn’t help but throw their thoughts into the Twitter and Instagram abysses. On IG, people commented under a “Jeopardy!” post marking the anniversary of the long-running trivia series, which premiered in March 1964. “Mayim, you look fabulous! Love your hair like this,” one wrote. “Cute hair!!!” On Twitter, one viewer scribed, “Omg you look beautiful! I love your hair!” while another fan said, “So thrilled to enjoy you on Jeopardy again! Btw, you look fabulous!!” “Whoever is styling Mayim, bravo!! You should get a raise. The differences are subtle, but perfect!” someone else added. One person gave their thoughts on Bialik’s outfit, too, writing: “She looked stunning in the orange/brown combo. The belts are very flattering.” “I love your hairstyle @missmayim on this week’s episodes of #Jeopardy. Today’s outfit is #outstanding also,” agreed another writer. The “Call Me Kat” star has hosted “Jeopardy!” periodically throughout Season 38 alongside Ken Jennings. The pair both took over hosting following the ousting of the show’s former executive producer, Mike Richards, last year. Bialik dished to “Entertainment Tonight” last month that she would “love” to be the permanent host of the show. If given the job, she would make history as the first full-time female emcee. “I would love [permanently hosting],” she told the outlet. “I like to say, I’ve lived season to season since I was about 13 years old. So, what I know is I’m hosting until May 6, and beyond that, hopefully. “I think being a female is its own mark,” she added. “My grandparents were immigrants to this country, so I think for me, being in two generations being a woman and a host in that iconic role blows my mind.” Bialik even has the blessing of the family of late ringleader and icon, Alex Trebek. “I got to meet them when we dedicated the stage and just feel so humbled around them,” she noted. “I want to only honor,” Bialik continued. “You can’t match him, so there’s no need to try, but do it continuously, and have their blessing and feel what they are doing is supporting that legacy.”