Virginia police arrested a man suspected of driving into three members of the Milligan University track and field team, killing one on Thursday night. Jose Hernandez Mancia, 26, allegedly struck and killed Milligan University sophomore Eli Cramer as the team practiced for an upcoming meet. He fled from the crash site in a red Toyota Scion, according to WDBJ. Authorities took Mancia into custody after he crashed into a median on Route 199 near Williamsburg, Va. Mancia was charged with drunk driving, involuntary manslaughter, felony hit-and-run, reckless driving, and several other charges. The school confirmed Cramer died from his injuries at Williamsburg Sentara Hospital. Cramer, 20, studied Business Administration and was a two-time All-American runner at Milligan University, a private Christian school located near Johnson City, Tenn. “Words cannot express the grief that flowed across this campus and throughout the Milligan family around the world when we heard the news that one of our own, sophomore Eli Cramer, had been killed,” Milligan President Dr. Bill Greer said in a press conference. Milligan graduate student Alex Mortimer, 21, and senior Eli Baldy, 21, were injured in the crash. Baldy was released from the hospital with a leg and foot injury. Mortimer suffered life-threatening injuries, according to the university. Mortimer, a Kentucky native, underwent two surgeries and was diagnosed with a broken fibula and dislocated shoulder. He also sustained bruised lungs and a possible concussion, according to Dr. Lee Harrison, Milligan University’s Vice President for Marketing and Enrollment. Milligan University was set to participate in a multi-team meet at William & Mary University this weekend. “Our deepest sympathies are with the entire Milligan University community and all affected by the tragic accident involving members of their Track & Field team on Thursday afternoon,” William & Mary University said in a statement. Authorities said the investigation into the fatal hit-and-run is ongoing.