If your spouse does any of these jobs, this self-declared divorce lawyer says that the marriage might not work. Police officers, firefighters and military men are just a few of the “Top 5 Professions Women Should Avoid in a Spouse,” according to TikTok user @JettieGirl28, who claims to be a “local divorce attorney” having specialized in family law for over 13 years. “Over the course of my career, I’ve watched my most difficult cases, and, shockingly, many of them involve men in these five professions,” the brunette explains in her popular PSA, which has amassed a whopping 1.6 million views. In addition to cops, firemen and soldiers, the alleged authority warned women against tying the knot with surgeons and pilots, too. “What I notice among these five professions is that they tend to be more narcissistic, they tend to be more controlling,” she said, generally speaking. “They tend to be far more difficult in dealing with a divorce. They have kind of a nuke-the-earth, scorch-the-earth, ‘How dare you challenge me?’ kind of approach to litigation.” And, along with their shared bloodlust for vengeance during legal proceedings, the professed divorce professional says most men in these fields suffer from a godlike complex. “They all have in common that … they’re gods in their professions,” she said. “If you’re a policeman, you’re walking around with a gun, you’re walking around with authority.” “If you’re a surgeon, you’re walking around the hospital. Everybody looks up to you, you’re in charge, everybody treats you with respect,” the woman continued. “And then, you come home and all the sudden somebody’s asking you to take out the trash,” she said, adding: “I think that’s a difficult transition to make.” The purported divorce pundit went on to explain that pilots — both commercial and military flyers — also struggle to maintain a healthy mental work-life balance. “They’re in control of like 150 to 200 people’s lives at a time. They are treated with a tremendous amount of respect. They have a lot of responsibility,” she said. “And they tend to be very narcissistic and very controlling.” And her followers seemed to fully agree. “[I divorced] a surgeon and I can confirm this is true,” remarked one viewer. “Fireman 1000%. Speaking from a hellish experience,” lamented another. But high-flying men in prime positions weren’t her only targets. In a sequel clip, which raked in a staggering 3.4 million views, the apparent legal eagle forewarned men of which type of working women they’d be wise to avoid when on the hunt for a honey. “Stay-at-home moms,” she said nervously, jokingly predicting that her followers will “hate” her for calling out homemakers. “When you’re divorcing a stay-at-home mom, they are paralyzed with fear. And rightfully so, because their whole life is going to change,” said the cyber counselor. “They’re going to have to go back to the workforce, they’re going to have to, possibly, move. They’re finances are about to be very different.” And, owing to the tsunami wave of overwhelming changes to the average housewife’s life, she’s noticed that most of them “bury their heads in the sand and stall,” making the divorce proceedings “very contested and very expensive.” She also said that stay-at-home moms tend to be the most common profession for women in divorce because “they tend to focus so much on the children, and the husband focuses so much on career.” And, according to her observations, the husband ultimately “feels like an ATM,” while the wife becomes obsessed with raising the kids, and the couple eventually “grows apart.” Commentators of all walks of life seemed to agree with her findings. “That’s not surprising. So many [stay-at-home moms] sacrifice so much of themselves & receive very little validation. [And] are often told what they do isn’t actually work,” penned one viewer. “Do you see a lot of [stay-at-home moms] married to the top 5 professions to avoid in men??” another asked, to which the TikToker answered, “Yes.” And the self-crowned courtroom crusader closed her viral advice posts by saying, “That’s not hate. It’s just an observation. This will probably be my last TikTok. So, see ya.”