 The Biden administration on Monday suspended enforcement of its mask mandate for airports, planes and other forms of travel after a judge said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention overstepped its authority. US District Judge Kathryn Kimball Mizelle, an appointee of President Donald Trump, ruled that the CDC failed to properly explain its decision to impose the mandate or follow proper rulemaking procedures. The Biden administration on Monday evening confirmed that travelers can ditch their masks pending a review of the ruling. “The agencies are reviewing the decision and assessing potential next steps. In the meantime, today’s court decision means CDC’s public transportation masking order is not in effect at this time,” an administration official said. “Therefore, TSA will not enforce its Security Directives and Emergency Amendment requiring mask use on public transportation and transportation hubs at this time. CDC recommends that people continue to wear masks in indoor public transportation settings.” Almost immediately, Alaska Airlines announced that masks would be optional for travelers and employees alike. United Airlines quickly followed suit, announcing that masks were no longer required on domestic flights and select international flights, depending upon the arrival country’s requirements. There was no immediate word on any policy changes from American Airlines, Delta Airlines, or Southwest Airlines — the three carriers with the most passengers pre-pandemic. In New York, the MTA did not immediately respond to inquiries about whether subway and bus riders would be permitted to take their masks off for the first time since early in the COVID-19 pandemic. “Because ‘our system does not permit agencies to act unlawfully even in the pursuit of desirable ends,’ the court declares unlawful and vacates the mask mandate,” Mizelle wrote in her decision. White House press secretary Jen Psaki called the ruling “disappointing,” but said the administration had not made up its mind about whether to appeal. “The CDC continues recommending wearing a mask on public transit,” Psaki said. “This just came out this afternoon, so right now, the Department of Homeland Security, who would be implementing [the change], and the CDC are reviewing the decision and of course the Department of Justice would make any determinations about litigation.” Psaki added, “We would say to anyone sitting out there, ‘We’d recommend to wear masks on the airplane.'” Fox News correspondent Peter Doocy pressed Psaki to explain why masks on mass transit make sense when people haven’t had to wear masks at most indoor venues, including the White House briefing room, for nearly two months. “This is based on health considerations and data that the CDC looks at about transmissibility, as we’ve seen an increase in cases on airplanes,” Psaki replied. Mizelle’s decision was in response to a July lawsuit filed by the nonprofit Health Freedom Defense Fund on behalf of two women who claimed that wearing masks on airplanes triggered or exacerbated anxiety and panic attacks. In her 59-page ruling, Mizelle said the only remedy was to vacate the rule entirely because it would be impossible to end it solely for the two plaintiffs, writing that “a limited remedy would be no remedy at all.” The judge then remanded the matter to CDC “for further proceedings.” Last week, the CDC announced the transportation mask mandate would be extended for another 15 days after it was originally set to expire Monday, citing an uptick in coronavirus cases and claiming it needed more time to examine the BA.2 Omicron subvariant. “Since early April, there have been increases in the 7-day moving average of cases in the U.S.,” the CDC said in a statement shared on social media. “In order to assess the potential impact of the rise of hospitalizations and deaths, and health care system capacity, the CDC Order will remain in place at this time.” The CDC’s decision on the mask mandates came just after the federal agency announced the planned ending of Title 42, which allows Border Patrol officials to expel migrants without hearing asylum claims because of the pandemic, on May 23. The chief executive officers of all the major airlines called on the Biden administration last month to ditch the mask mandate because the requirement did not reflect the current environment. “It makes no sense that people are still required to wear masks on airplanes, yet are allowed to congregate in crowded restaurants, schools and at sporting events without masks, despite none of these venues having the protective air filtration system that aircraft do,” the letter from the CEOs said. They noted both that vaccination rates were up and that states across the country were relaxing restrictions before calling on the Biden administration to reconsider its policies. “We are encouraged by the current data and the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions from coast to coast, which indicate it is past time to eliminate COVID-era transportation policies,” the executives said. With Post wires