Firebrand Florida Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis ripped into President Biden over inflation Tuesday — accusing him of being “content watching people suffer.” “Inflation is at a 40-year high of 8.5% due to federal policies of borrowing & printing money at unfathomable levels & bad energy policy, which is hurting Floridians,” DeSantis tweeted. “Biden could unleash domestic energy production to provide relief. Instead, he is content watching people suffer.” Speaking at an unrelated press conference Tuesday, DeSantis said spiking prices were hammering Americans across the board — especially the “working classes.” “When you’re printing trillions and trillions of dollars, the idea that you can just do that ad infinitum without there being any consequences was completely foolhardy,” said the governor, whom many consider a potential contender for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination. DeSantis added that the current inflation rate does not capture the severity of the nation’s financial stress, noting that the cost of staples like used cars (35.3%), gas (48.2%) and meat (13.7%) have gone up by double digits over the previous 12 months. “That is understating what we’re seeing for the average family,” he said. “All the things that really matter are going up significantly more than [8.5%].” Separately, DeSantis pledged not to institute new COVID-19 mandates or restrictions in the Sunshine State as cases climb in the Northeast. “You just saw Philadelphia impose an indoor mandate,” he said. “You’re going to have potentially some of these other deep-blue jurisdictions go back to restrictions and mandates. I just want to be very clear: As long as I sit in the chair in which I sit, no Floridian will be restricted, mandated or locked down in any possible way.” In what has become a press conference pastime for the polarizing governor, he ripped some Democratic officials for locking down their constituents while jetting to Florida for recreational relief. “The first chance they get to get out of the yoke of those policies you see them in Miami or Palm Beach,” he said. “If I had a dollar for every politician who escaped their own lockdown policies to come to our free state, I would be set for life. That’s just a fact.”