Sports bettors can choose from the NBA playoffs, MLB or NHL on Monday’s board, but a few games are attracting meaningful attention from respected bettors. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Monday’s report has identified two MLB totals and one sizable NHL moneyline that satisfy a majority of the above factors. So without further delay, here are the PRO report’s projections across the entire board today. Odds provided by Caesars Markets opened the Devils as tied for the largest underdog on the board Monday, but bettors are gravitating toward the visitors. Big money bettors are attracted to the Devils, evidenced by the fact New Jersey has received only seven percent of all bets against 32 percent of the overall handle. That represents the largest percentage discrepancy amongst today’s NHL underdogs and the largest money percentage amongst underdogs at +150 or higher. Additionally, one Action Network PRO system is triggering the Devils Monday night. The “Tickets vs. Money NHL Dogs system,” which targets underdogs with under 45 percent of bets and between a 15 and 30 percent difference between the two percentages, has a 45 percent historical win rate and five percent return on investment. Finally, Action Network model projections suggest the Devils’ moneyline price is extremely inflated tonight in Las Vegas. According to our NHL power ratings, the Devils should only be +175 underdogs to the Golden Knights. Odds provided by BetMGM Interestingly, sharp action has trended toward the under as of this writing, but three of the remaining four factors are triggering for the over. The first factor going in favor of the over is big money bets. At this time, the over has received 43 percent of all bets, but against 97 percent of the handle. That’s tied for the second-largest money percentage on Monday’s MLB totals markets. Further, the second edge comes in the form of a model projections edge. According to our MLB power ratings, the total should be set at 8.58 runs in Cleveland, so bettors are receiving a full run of value based on those ratings. Finally, two of the Action Network’s top MLB experts are supporting the over tonight to trigger the “expert picks” signal and round out a majority of signals in favor of the over.  Odds provided by DraftKings This total triggers all five signals across both sides of the market, but it’s the over that gets a majority of the five available. In terms of under 8.5 runs, though, we’ve tracked sharp action coming in on that side, which also gets the attention of an Action Network PRO system. The “Weather: Wind Blowing in” system, which targets games with the wind of five and 35 mph blowing inward, has a 55 percent historical win rate and a seven percent return on investment. As for the over, though, the first signal triggered is the big money bets factor. As of this writing, that market has received 53 percent of all spread bets against 65 percent of the total handle. Additionally, there’s an edge with this over according to our model projections. Action MLB power ratings make the total for this contest 9.41 giving bettors almost a full run of value. Finally, two top MLB experts from the Action Network are supporting the over tonight to round out the three signals in its favor.