The Bronx teen accused of fatally shooting a 16-year-old girl outside a high school had been on the NYPD’s radar since age 12 —when he handled guns for a gang, a law enforcement source told The Post on Sunday. Jeremiah Ryan, 17, is now charged with murder and attempted murder in the stray-bullet killing of Angellyh Yambo and the shooting of two other 16-year-olds near University Heights High School’s South Bronx Campus Friday afternoon. “He’s been a problematic person for years,” the source said. “Unfortunately it took someone’s life for him to get arrested.” “When he was 12, the older guys were giving him guns because they knew he wouldn’t be held accountable for his actions,” added the NYPD detective. “He didn’t start getting attention until he started shooting people and then it’s too late.” Bronx cops picked Ryan up at his home Saturday — after they caught him dumping a “ghost gun” detectives believe he used in the shooting out of the window in a black plastic bag. Investigators were running lab tests to conclusively confirm the makeshift firearm was the murder weapon. Ryan has been no stranger to guns, the source said. “When he was 12 or 13 years old he was putting pictures of guns on Facebook,” the detectives said. “He was hanging out with local crews in the Bronx.” Police have said Ryan didn’t have a criminal record, and sources previously told The Post the accused shooter wasn’t in a gang, but had fallen in with the wrong crowd. His grandfather has insisted Ryan is a “good kid.” The teen allegedly squeezed off the 9 mm rounds at East 156th Street near Brook Avenue during an argument, before fleeing the scene for his home a few blocks away, according to police. That’s when cops said he tossed the unloaded black Polymer 80 ghost gun from the window. Ghost guns are untraceable weapons with parts that can be bought online and assembled at home. Despite having no prior busts, sources said Ryan used to pal around with Pedro Hernandez, a repeat offender so notorious for dodging jail that he was once dubbed the “poster child” for the state’s controversial bail reform laws . Ryan was arraigned Saturday and is due back in court on Monday. Additional reporting by Joe Marino and Larry Celona