A man’s stomach pains turned out to be caused by an 31-inch headphone wire lodged in his bladder. And the reason it got stuck there in the first place shocked doctors. The 34-year-old patient, from Indonesia, went to the emergency department saying he had agony when urinating. Doctors were stunned when he revealed he had inserted an earphone wire into his urethra while masturbating. He did this between 3-5 times a week for “sexual pleasure and gratification”. But this time, the man could not take the wire out when it became lodged in his bladder, which was “visible and quickly identified” by the team. The wire was coiled and fortunately had not attached to the bladder wall, and extraction was performed using grasping forceps. The earphone wire was found to be 1/16 of an inch in size and 31 inches in length. Doctors warned a foreign object like this could have gotten tangled inside the bladder and more difficult to retrieve. The patient was discharged the next day. According to the story published in Radiology Case Reports, he “showed no apparent psychotic behaviors and was mentally well.” He had no psychotic symptoms, OCD, anxiety or depression — which are more common in such cases of “unique fetishes” A psychiatric team diagnosed polyembolokoilamania — the act of inserting foreign bodies into orifices such as the rectum and vagina. Inserting objects into the urethra is normally described as “urethral sounding.” The risky activity involves inserting a glass or object into the urethra — the tube that urine passes through — to “heighten sexual pleasure and arousal”, WedMD reports. The journal states: “Even though he was mentally sound, the voluntary introduction of objects into the urethral meatus for sexual gratification reflects a psychopathological condition. “Self-inserted urinary bladder foreign bodies for sexual gratification generate a significant challenge for physicians due to its difficult diagnosis and management. “Most patients were late to be admitted due to embarrassment leading to serious short-term and long-term complications.” It comes after doctors reported the case of a woman whose UTI turned out to be a glass tumbler stuck in her bladder. The woman, from Tunisia, revealed she had used the drinking glass as a sex toy a number of years before. Evidently, she had inserted it into the urethral — the hole which females urinate from — rather than the vagina. Other tales of urethral sounding include a 30-year-old man who got a 2-foot long mobile phone charger stuck in his bladder. He initially claimed he had swallowed the cable. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.