Mark Wahlberg is turning heads with the sale price of his longtime Beverly Hills estate, which just hit the market for a whopping $87.5 million. The actor purchased the colossal 30,500-square-foot estate back in 2009 for only $8.25 million. If he pulls off anywhere near his asking price, it will be considered the most expensive sale in the Beverly Park area. Made up of 12 bedrooms and 20 bathrooms, Wahlberg has posted his intricate fitness routine from his home gym inside the mansion on social media several times. The residence comes packed with every amenity imaginable, which includes a home theater, a wine cellar, manicured gardens and landscaped grounds, a five-hole golf course, tennis court, resort-like grotto pool, skate park and a separate guest house. Situated on 6.2 acres of land in the North Beverly Park neighborhood, the Richard Landry-designed home, known as the “The Premiere” estate, also features a two-story entry and a two-story paneled library. Wahlberg spent the past several years perfecting and customizing the home to his liking. Despite its fully loaded amenities, Wahlberg, 50, is ready to part ways with his beloved home, which perched high in the mountains above Beverly Hills. “[It is] truly a once in a lifetime opportunity to acquire one of the great estates in Los Angeles,” the listing notes. In 2017, Wahlberg installed a new patio cover. In 2014, permits for a new hydroelectric elevator were issued. He also built a tennis bar, a pool cabana, and a guest house with an attached garage, permit records obtained by The Post show. Kurt Rappaport of Westside Estate Agency holds the listing. Since the neighborhood’s development in the late 1980s, Beverly Park has been the gated community of choice for some of Hollywood’s top earners. Current residents include everyone from Sofia Vergara and Justin Bieber to Denzel Washington and Rod Stewart, and from Samuel L. Jackson and Eddie Murphy to Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and Magic Johnson. Wahlberg is producing a series of upcoming projects in the coming year, including “Father Stu” alongside Mel Gibson, “The Six Billion Dollar Man” and “The Raven.”