The Issue: Mayor Adams’ plan for 250 miles of protected bike lanes in the city within five years. It’s a laudable suggestion from our mayor to increase the number of bike lanes in an effort to decrease pedestrian injuries and promote safety on our streets (“$904M bid to slow NYC traffic deaths,” April 24). However, until he addresses the abuses of many of New York City’s electric vehicles, his efforts will be for naught. How many use the sidewalk as a street? How many stop at red lights? How many follow prescribed traffic flow? In many parts of the city, they are a true menace. Andrea Lakian Manhattan The mayor wants to waste almost $1 billion to reclaim the streets from dangerous drivers. I must be missing some­thing — because ever since bike lanes have gone in, the streets have gone wild. There is no longer a flow for those of us who drive. I follow the rules of the road, but do bicyclists? I don’t think so. Bikes do not stop at red lights or stop signs. They travel in the wrong direction on one-way streets. Then we have the delivery folks with motorized bikes, who follow zero rules. Mr. Mayor, if you want to take back your streets, you must have people follow rules — which means you must allow proper policing. D. Ricciardi Brooklyn Mayor Adams wants to expand the bike lanes, but the city refuses to enforce laws to keep pedestrians safe from bicycles and scooters going against traffic and hopping sidewalks. The honorable mayor should take a walk down Manhattan streets on a busy weekday. Zinc Pederson Manhattan Mayor Adams, it’s said, “Give an inch, take a mile.” Your plan to dedicate hundreds miles of New York City space solely for pedestrians, buses and bikes will only bring New York City to a standstill. Using the former mayor’s plan is a mistake. It will not slow or fix traffic deaths. Robert Neglia The Bronx The city has installed miles of bike lanes, created pedestrian plazas and permitted outdoor dining, all reducing roadways. The result — more pedestrian deaths. So why in the world would you reduce roadway space even more? Robert Leavy Middle Village The Issue: Former President Barack Obama’s speech on the need to curb disinformation on social media. In his recent speech at Stanford, former President Barack Obama again made a thinly veiled argument on behalf of Big Tech censorship under the guise of limiting disinformation (“Barack the Disinfo King,” Editorial, April 23). Obama told us in 2013 that under ObamaCare, “If you like your health-care plan, you can keep your health-care plan.” How’s that for disinformation? Moreover, who will decide what constitutes disinformation? Will it be the same people who pushed the Russian collusion delusion story and buried the Hunter Biden laptop story? The answer is “yes.” Freedom of speech and of the press is the cornerstone of our great republic. Those freedoms must not be infringed upon. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville I loved The Post’s editorial about Obama. I knew he was a liar from the get-go. He’s just a rich, powerful guy with a phony smile, using his influence to stifle free speech, as The Post said. Obama won’t demand fixes to prevent outrages like the suppression of The Post’s Hunter Biden laptop reporting. Imelda De Martin Red Bank, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.