The rookie armorer in charge of the gun Alec Baldwin used when he accidentally shot dead Halyna Hutchins whined about her “f–ked” career shortly after the tragedy, according to newly released video. The footage shows Hannah Gutierrez Reed, 24, sobbing about being “sorry” and “scared” when questioned on the New Mexico set of “Rust” immediately after the fatal shooting last October. “Welcome to the worst day of my life,” she told one officer with a nervous chuckle. “I can’t believe Alec Baldwin was holding the gun — that’s so f–ked,” she said. Another video, part of a trove of documents released Monday, shows the yellow-and-purple-haired armorer sighing as she was asked her personal details while in the back of a squad car. “I’m the armorer — or at least I was,” she told the officer, dripping in self-pity. In another clip, Gutierrez Reed asked to be moved where none of her coworkers could see her because she felt “super bad.” “I just want to get the f–k out of here and never show my face in this industry ever again,” she said. “I’m the only female armorer in the game and I just f–ked up my whole entire career,” she whined, suggesting she also let down her father, Thell Reed, one of the most respected gun experts in Hollywood. “My dad’s one of the best armorers in the entire world and he trained me — and I’m a f–king failure,” she complained. Footage from her official interviews by investigators shows her horrified at the obvious parallels with “The Crow,” the movie in which Bruce Lee’s 28-year-old son Brandon Lee was shot dead in 1993. Confirming she was “totally” in charge of weapons on the doomed New Mexico set, she said that “maybe there was just perhaps a bad round in that box” that ended up being fired by Baldwin. Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this as a web story: “There was only one round that went off, and it must have went through [director Joel Souza] somehow and f–king hit Halyna,” she said of the mom-of-one director who died. “And I’m like flabbergasted by this. I can’t f–king imagine how this happened,” she insisted in her interview. However, investigators confirmed Tuesday that they are still investigating “concerning” evidence that the rookie armorer had sought live ammo, such as the bullet that ended up in Baldwin’s gun, while working on another production. Prop supplier Seth Kenney had shown investigators text messages from Gutierrez Reed making the request, which he said he knocked back in horror, the released interview footage showed. “She wanted to shoot live ammo out of the guns, the TV/ movie guns. And I said no effing way, obviously,” he said. Gutierrez Reed later sued Kenny, blaming him for the live rounds. On Tuesday, Santa Fe County Sheriff Adan Mendoza highlighted the apparent request when discussing key parts of the six-month ongoing investigation. “There was information from text messages that was concerning based on the fact that live ammo was spoken about and was possibly used on a prior movie set,” he confirmed to the “Today” show. “That was just a few months before the ‘Rust’ movie set and production began, so that is concerning,” he said. So far, nobody has been charged with the shooting — although Mendozastressed it was “too early to rule anything out.” “I don’t think anybody’s off the hook when it comes to criminal charges,” he stressed.