Let’s dance with a twin flame! The Pink Moon arrives on April 16, 2022. Get ready for a bigger focus on where you stand in your partnerships—in love, business or collaboration. Read how your zodiac sign will be affected here! For more information on the Worm Moon, check out the information after the horoscopes. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! A turning point in your relationships has arrived, Aries. This full moon will bring you the opportunity to grow closer than ever before—or shatter apart like sparks in the wind. An exciting declaration of love, decision to move in, engagement or even marriage could be in the works near this time. Singles can share in this vibe, too, by looking for someone with long-term potential. Yet, if you’re not in alignment and feeling the heat, use this time to sit down with your partner to assess where you stand and if you can work through the drama or if its better to set one another free. Oh, boy! Get ready for big shifts around your work and employment, Taurus. You’ll be busier than ever as you’re juggling many different responsibilities for the job. On one hand, you could be putting the finishing touches on an important project or instead taking on more for your boss. If you end up leaving a position near this time, know that it’s been a long time coming and you’re destined for a better job ahead. If unemployed, polish off your resume and send it out! Your attention could also turn toward your health near this time, as well, giving you the chance to switch up your routine and make healthier choices around fitness and diet. Open your heart, Gemini. This lunation will bring you the spice of life! Not only will you be supercharged to step out and have some fun, focusing on hobbies, sports or entertainment, but also you’ll be in the mood for love. This is one of the most important periods for singles to put themselves out there to find someone who fans the flames within their heart, so set up as many dating options as you can. Committed Geminis can enjoy this sparkle, too, by making sex, laughter and pleasure with their partner a top priority. Last to note is that if you have children or wish to, now is an excellent time to make this a focus. Get ready to feel a tab bit extra emotional, Cancer. This full moon will spotlight your past—as well as your family, heritage and upbringing. On one hand, you may have to pay attention to a significant family or parenting situation. However, this same energy could instead spotlight a home, domestic or real estate matter, instead. Some Geminis may end up moving, making a change around a roommate or even deciding to switch up their living space and redecorate! Step up to the microphone and speak your mind, Leo! The full moon will bring you a flurry of exciting ideas that energize you to broadcast your vision to the world. You may now be working on a milestone writing, speaking, social media or branding initiative or finalizing the details of an important contract. If you have any significant proposals you need to submit, do so now. A change around your income is guaranteed near this time, Virgo. The full moon energizes your prosperity sector, giving you the chance to monetize and assess your budget. On one hand, you’re likely to suddenly see more—especially in regards to a raise, new job offer or side hustle that presents itself. If a stream of income ends near this time, use the power of this lunation to get a move on to find something even better. The universe is turning a cosmic spotlight upon you, Libra, giving you the chance to revel in your newfound power. This full moon could bring the culmination of a significant personal project or endeavor that you’ve been very focused upon that means the world to you. Stand in glory and demand your worth in all areas of your life. You are the one calling the shots now! Slow your roll, Scorpio! The full moon will be telling you to take a break, rest and recharge and soak up the good vibes. While you’re likely to be feeling a bit burnt out, this will give you the time to reflect in solitude where you are in your life and where you’d like to go. Your dreams will be quite intense near this time, so listen to what your heart and spirit are telling you. Light off the firecrackers, it’s time to have some fun, Sagittarius! The full moon will energize your social life and bring exciting events to your calendar. Catching up with friends and meeting new people will be excellent uses of your time, so enjoy yourself and don’t work too hard. Someone may even offer aid to you in order to reach one of your heart’s most significant aspirations, so speak up if an opportunity presents itself. Professional advancement will be on the top of your mind at this time, Capricorn. With the full moon spotlighting your career and legacy, you could be up for a review, promotion or new job offer. This is an important time to not only reflect on what you’ve built in the past year, but what you’d like to scale toward next. Charge onto new echelons. Some Capricorns will also receive favorable publicity or an award. Spread your wings and soar, Aquarius. This month’s full moon encourages you to explore new territory and horizons. You’ll feel especially curious about what else life has to offer you, so don’t sit back and wait—charge onward! Some Aquarians may decide it’s time to head back to school or polish off an important scholarly project. Others may decide to get involved in spirituality or religion. If involved in the media, you may now have an exhilarating project reach a turning point. Last, if you’re eager to travel and explore the world, now would be a great time to do so. Get ready to feel the urge to merge, Pisces. The full moon will spotlight where you stand in a significant partnership in business or love. On one hand, you could be growing closer than ever before or deciding it’s time to go separate ways since you’re not on the same page. Equality and balance in your connections is important now. Last, as this lunation spotlights how you share and resources, a change around wealth, assets or investments could soon be at hand. When is the next full moon? Full moons usually take place once a month, as the crescendo of one entire lunar cycle. These lunations have a stronger pull on the tides and water on Earth. Since we are composed of mostly water, we are also affected by them very intensely. Full moons often make people—and animals—feel more emotional, impulsive and extreme. During these times, we tend to see important endings, revelations and turning points. A full moon is always tied to the situations and conversations that began at the previous new moon. This full moon will echo some of the situations that developed in the days following April 1, 2022—as well as the new moon in Libra that arrived on October 6, 2021. Look back to what was transpiring in your life then and you’ll find similar echoes appearing now. The Pink Moon was originally named as such because April tends to bring the full blossom of springtime—with beautiful pink flowers decorating nature. In America, the actual flower is called the Phlox subulata—commonly called creeping phlox or moss phlox—which also went by the name of “moss pink.” The Pink Moon this year will also be known as the Paschal full moon—which is very closely tied to the religious ceremonies of Easter. The Pink Moon this year is also a full moon in Libra. This Air sign’s energy will vibrate through our world. Libra is the seventh zodiac sign upon the wheel and is the polarity of Aries—where the Sun currently stands at this point in time. Libra is the zodiac sign that rules all partnerships, commitments and unions—whether they are of a personal or professional nature. Libra is a charming, social and kind zodiac sign that is represented by the symbolic image of the scales or balance. This shows their innate desire for fairness, justice and logic. By working with others, we can advance our goals and become greater than just ourselves. When analyzing the cosmic energy of this full moon, we can see many significant planetary aspects that will further color the vibration of the lunation. First and foremost, the full moon will be in an excellent alignment with both Mars and Saturn. This will encourage us to take the initiative in our lives—especially in our relationships. We will feel assertive and more likely to step into leadership. Focusing on practical solutions and long-term plans will go well, especially if we are willing to take a traditional approach and employ patience. However, the full moon will be under siege from malefic Pluto, causing challenges and power struggles to crop up—which may bring a crisis before us to face. On one hand, we may feel the ruthless energy arise within us, especially if we already possess obsessive or destructive tendencies—or we may be at the mercy of someone else’s ferocity. Because of this, it is wise to establish boundaries and handle struggles as they arise, but do our best to remain in our highest vibration rather than sinking into darker patterns. Luckily, Venus, the planet that rules Libra and this lunation, will be in a gorgeous dance with both Mercury and Uranus. Connecting with others, asking for favors and taking a step away from the drama to pursue relaxation, pleasure, socializing or romance will clear the air. Focus on spicing things up in your personal life or put yourself out there to meet someone who is unique, exotic or open-minded. You could find that this effectively dissipates some of the turmoil that is manifesting elsewhere behind the scenes. The April full moon has many other names that were passed down from Native American tribes as well as expanded by the Farmer’s Almanac. Other names for this lunation are the Breaking Ice Moon (Algonquin), Moon When the Streams Are Again Navigable (Dakota), Budding Moon of Plants and Shrubs (Tlingit), Moon of the Red Grass Appearing (Oglala), the Moon When the Ducks Come Back (Lakota), Moon When the Geese Lay Eggs (Dakota), Frog Moon (Cree), and the Sucker Moon (Anishinaabe). The Pink Moon reaches fullness on April 16, 2022 at 26 degrees of Libra. View it at 2:55 P.M. (Eastern time). Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.