ATLANTA — The Nets lost a crucial game in Atlanta on Saturday night, failing to overcome a decimated backcourt, which was without two starters and a key contributor. Starting shooting guard Seth Curry — who hadn’t been listed on the injury report — was a late scratch during pregame warmups, suffering with left ankle soreness. Starting wing Bruce Brown (non-COVID illness) and key reserve Goran Dragic (health and safety protocols) also were out. “Well, it’s something we’ve had a lot of experience doing, so we will accept the challenge and find other guys to step up and play and carry some of the load,” coach Steve Nash said before the Nets’ 122-115 loss to the Hawks. “And we’ve been here before, so we hope we get all our guys back sooner rather than later.” Curry had initially been listed as questionable while managing the ankle injury that he admits will likely be in a pain for the rest of the season and require about a month of rest over the summer. Then he was removed from the injury report and presumed available for Saturday, only to be ruled out during warmups. Meanwhile, Dragic is the latest Net to suffer from COVID-19. And unlike some, he’s actually feeling the effects of it. “He has symptoms,” Nash said of Dragic. “He doesn’t feel well. But that’s all I know.” The Nets have been hit hard by COVID-19 this season, with 13 different players missing at various times — and 10 simultaneously at one point in December. Nash himself had been in protocols and missed a back-to-back against Toronto. Brown’s absence had nothing to do with the hard fall he took while suffering a Flagrant 2 at the hands of Milwaukee’s Khris Middleton two nights earlier. He’s just sick but not yet ruled out for Tuesday’s home game vs. Houston. “No, he has the flu,” said Nash, hopeful the defensive sparkplug wouldn’t miss too much time. “I hope not. I think some of these things are 24 hours to 72 hours. Hopefully, we’re in that time frame and he can play on Tuesday.” Without Brown, Curry and Dragic, it could thrust rookie Cam Thomas back into the rotation and create extra minutes for Patty Mills. Thomas had been a DNP in the previous three games entering Saturday. “Everyone can get a shot,” Nash said. “But more so, guys will play more. The bench guys will have to play more minutes and have bigger roles.”