A US Navy warship was shadowed by two car-size balls of light that were unaffected by anti-drone weapons, it is claimed. The USS Kearsarge is the latest vessel to have reportedly had a UFO encounter as the US military begins to open up about the mysterious phenomena. Documentary filmmaker Dave C. Beaty — who produced 2019 film “The Nimitz Encounters” about the famous 2004 US Navy encounter with the “Tic Tac” object — revealed the reported sighting from October 2021. At least two objects are said to have lurked near the 40,500-ton amphibious assault ship for several nights while it was on a training exercise off the East Coast of the US. The phenomena — described by sources familiar with the encounter as odd and menacing “balls of light” — are said to have been following around half a mile behind the ship and around 200 feet above the ocean. Beaty was contacted by a now-retired US Marine officer identified only as “Mark” regarding the strange episode. The USS Kearsarge had been training at the time ahead of an overseas deployment — including with systems designed to take down enemy drones. The weapons included anti-drone “Ghostbusters”-style backpacks, and systems mounted on vehicles. Pictures from the ship’s public Facebook page reveal they had these capabilities on board at the time of the alleged encounter. The objects are said to have been spotted at night by the deck watch — who could not gain a thermal targeting lock on them. It is understood the incident was recorded on video by the crew — but this footage has not yet been released. Marines onboard are said to have believed at first the unexplained objects were part of a surprise training exercise for the new anti-drone weapons. However, they discovered the countermeasures did not disrupt the objects — which were doing swooping maneuvers as they followed the ship. Mark told Beaty that the USS Kearsarge radioed command about the objects and were informed the objects were “not ours.” The documentarian is attempting a deeper dive into the event, which is the latest UFO incident reported to have been encountered by the US Navy. Beaty previously revealed deck logs that confirmed a UFO encounter by the USS Kidd — when the destroyer was swarmed by at least four unexplained objects in July 2019. And there has been a series of changes in recent years, after the infamous trio of US Navy UFO videos, the “Gimbal,” “Go Fast” and “Tic Tac.” The footage stunned the world and remains unexplained — and has sparked a new, more mainstream interest in UFOs. US officials have set up a new office in the Pentagon, putting an official reporting structure in place for UFO encounters for the first time in decades. It came after a landmark report on the subject was released last summer confirming dozens of unexplained encounters, now more commonly referred to as Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAPs). Defense insiders, intelligence officials, senators and former presidents have all gone on record admitting there is an unexplained something in the skies. “So what once were UAP sightings that were ignored or never logged, today more service members are reporting them, this leads to the indications that more are being observed,” Beaty told the Sun Online. He added that the stigma around reporting these strange events is breaking down. Beaty said: “In the past, it was much worse. Officers would actively avoid reporting or speaking about cases of UAP, as the fear of career suicide was very real. “Also landing a job with a commercial airline after the military was a concern. Not wanting to report or speak about UAP encounters was a given. “Today it’s a bit more relaxed since the UAP Task Force is actively seeking UAP reports and frowning on any stigmatization within the units.” The documentarian also called for further transparency from the military on the topic. “Anything that would expose a military weakness or military capability of course is sensitive, but if these objects turn out to be not man-made and not foreign state actors, we need to be open and address these with academic study, empirical methods, and grant funding to conduct research at the university level,” he told the Sun Online. “While I commend our DoD and officers for handling the collection of data, at some point we need to focus public attention on the mysterious question of what these objects are, that is the ones that have defied prosaic explanation after investigation.” This article originally appeared on the Sun and was reproduced here with permission.