The Mets and Major League Baseball are set for a chat on Friday over the club’s issues with the baseball and growing exasperation over their hitters having been hit by 19 pitches in 20 games this season. MLB executive vice president of baseball operations Morgan Sword will be at Citi Field to meet with the Mets and hear out their concerns, a source confirmed Thursday. Newsday was first to report the meeting. The league office was initially scheduled to meet with the Mets as early as April 14, but the team had to reschedule those in-person talks a few times. MLB’s baseball operations department has been in touch with the Mets on the topic since then. But the team’s fury has only increased in recent days. Pete Alonso was hit in the head by a pitch for the second time this season Tuesday night – leading to right-hander Chris Bassitt calling out MLB for a lack of consistency with the baseballs and the inability to grip them. That was followed by the benches clearing between the Mets and Cardinals on Wednesday after J.D. Davis was hit in the foot and St. Louis’ Nolan Arenado took issue with a pitch up-and-in. MLB suspended Arenado two games for his role in the benches-clearing saga and banned Cards pitcher Genesis Cabrera one game. The Mets’ Yoan Lopez, who threw the pitch up-and-in to Arenado, and Taijuan Walker, for participating in the fracas while on the injured list, were fined. “MLB is always concerned about keeping hitters safe from dangerous pitches,” a league spokesman said Wednesday. “We closely analyze trends in the game and have active conversations with the players and coaches to address concerns. “Through April 26, league-wide statistics show hit-by-pitch rates and wild pitch rates are down relative to previous seasons. However, one Club [the Mets] has been hit more than twice as often as the league average in 2022, which is something we will continue to monitor.” Buck Showalter said he and general manager Billy Eppler had voiced their concerns to MLB before the game Wednesday. Bassitt, after pitching Tuesday, when Alonso was plunked in the helmet again (Francisco Lindor has also been hit above the neck) joined with catcher James McCann to call on the league to fix issues with the lack of grip on its baseballs. “MLB has a very big problem with the baseballs — they are bad,” Bassitt said. “Everyone knows it. Every pitcher in the league knows it. MLB doesn’t give a damn about it. They don’t care. We have told them our problems with them, they don’t care.” On Friday, they’ll get another chance to air those grievances with Sword.