Sure, they say a picture is worth a thousand words — but you can’t always believe your eyes. These freaky photos are rendering viewers absolutely speechless, owing to the wacky optical illusions that have been created by weird angles and frames. And whether it’s a snap of a man appearing to be fully engulfed in flames while barbecuing on a grill or a shot of a woman in black leggings whose bottom half resembles that of the large black dog that’s standing behind her, these eye-popping pics are making mystified audiences do a double take. Keep scrolling for the latest in a string of viral optical illusions generating much-bemused debate — and head-scratching — on social media: This pic of pigeons the size of SUVs is the stuff of nightmares. But, before folks with bird phobias go running for cover, it’s worth mentioning that the image of the fierce-looking fowls was taken from a distance and at an angle that made them look larger than life. At first glance, it appears that the man and woman embracing one another have swapped legs. But, with a closer look, it becomes more evident that the man is wearing wide-legged, navy blue and white swimming trunks. However, thanks to the angle of the snapshot, it seems as though the white pattern of his shorts is the woman’s white capris. As if seeing a grown man riding a merry-go-round by himself isn’t strange enough, the angle of this shot creates the illusion that he has a pair of pig’s hind legs rather than human limbs. And the fact that the guy’s sweater is wrapped around his waist only enhances the wacky sight. Cooking over an open flame can be dangerous. And it seems as if this man is in danger of being burned to a crisp while barbecuing food on a grill at the park. A ruff shot of a woman wearing black pants and standing in front of a large black dog makes it seem as if the lady is half hound. A visitor of the Monkey World Ape Rescue Center in England wanted a snap of an animal with black and yellow hair. But, the reflection from the glass enclosure creates the illusion that the monkey has human fingers and is taking a picture of itself. One woman apparently joined her besties for a girls’ night out — without her legs. This photo of a friend group shows five women sitting on one couch, but only four pairs of legs and feet are visible. The angle and crop of a promotional photo, which features a woman wearing a white towel on her head, make it seem as if she only has one patch of hair. A hapless pup appears to have been chopped in half, per this zany frame. In the picture, the dog’s head and torso seem to be detached from its stomach and legs, which have seemingly been replaced by a long log. A pair of luminous legs are stumping onlookers, who can’t determine whether the limbs are extremely shiny or if they’ve been strategically decorated in white paint.