Raise a glass and have a toast — to you, of course. Especially after reading this article, saluting your sparkling new stemware. While glasses and cups may not be the first thing you think of when setting the table, they can make a beautiful dinner party feel special, with champagne flutes and wine glasses clinking, creating the sound of memories made over a glass of the good stuff. Glassware really does include a lot of different types of cups, from regular drinking glasses to wine glasses for both white and red. Then you have specialty stemware, including champagne flutes, coup glasses, martini glasses and other cocktail-inspired cups. While mixing and matching does yield a fun and funky vibe, there is something clean and classy about owning a complete set. Bonus points if you have enough for a dinner party and to stock your bar cart with. Read on for glassware sets for every occasion, with price ranges to fit every budget, too. From Amazon to Target, Anthropologie and more, say “cheers” to your new favorite glasses in 2022. Rock and roll with this top-rated glass set from Libbey. The 16-piece set is a super affordable way to stock up on both high and low glasses for your kitchen and bar cart. They are highly rated on Amazon, with over 2,000 reviews and a 4.3-star rating. Spruce things up a bit with these colorful glasses from Anthropologie. A set of four is under $100, and they come in five different colors to choose from. Make sure you have the basics, with this set of glasses from Anchor Hocking. They have over 2,000 reviews on Amazon, and the set of 16 small and large glasses should be enough for any size dinner party. Picture how pretty a cold glass of tea or lemonade will look in these blue glasses? The Fortessa brand cups can be found on Amazon, with a six pack for $52. They also come in other shades like green, red and clear, and have more than 2,000 reviews. If you want to start from scratch and have the best bar cart ever, stock up at Leeway Home. While the $250 price is a bit higher than the others, the set includes 20 different pieces, and includes full sets of cups, champagne flutes, coupe glasses and more. Always serve the right wine in the right glass with this set. Found on Amazon, the Riedel Overture brand is a great one. The box comes with a full set of red wine glasses, white wine glasses and even champagne glasses for every occasion. For limited cabinet space but unlimited drink options, these glasses are for you. They are stackable, making for an easy storage situation, and come in a variety of sizes on Food52. For a sip of everything, check out this set from Made-In Cookware. The entire collection comes with four beer glasses, four white wine glasses, four red wine glasses, four drinking glasses and four coupe glasses — the perfect set. Serve up a party with these brightly colored glasses from Wayfair. They’re designed with a fun and funky honeycomb pattern in four different colors, with a bee logo in the middle for good measure. What is more joyful than a rainbow and a cocktail? No matter what you are serving, these colorful glasses make it more fun, with rainbow bottoms on a clear highball glass. Be instantly transported to the stunning blue streets of Morocco every time you take a sip from these glasses. They also come in clear or an olive color, each made of recycled hand blown glass. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.