Seth Curry’s balky ankle already has caused him to miss two April games for the Nets, but for inspiration to play through his far-less serious injury over the team’s final two regular season games and into the NBA playoffs, the veteran guard is turning to another of his favorite athletes: Tiger Woods. “Just everyday [I’m trying to] manage the thing, trying to get through the season into the playoffs and give the team when I can,” Curry said before scoring 12 points in the Nets’ 118-107 win over the Cavaliers on Friday night at Barclays Center. “I feel like if Tiger can shoot 1-under [par] at Augusta [on Thursday], I can play through a little bit of pain for the rest of the season.” Curry, who added that he “shouldn’t be” facing offseason surgery, returned to the lineup Wednesday for the Nets’ comeback win over the Knicks after missing the previous two games against the Hawks and Rockets. The 46-year-old Woods made it back to participate at The Masters this week, 14 months after he sustained serious injuries and nearly lost his right leg in an automobile crash in California. He carded a 2-over 74 on Friday to comfortably make the cut at 1-over. “It’s very inspiring,” said Curry, an avid golfer, along with his brother Stephen. “I love golf, first and foremost, but just seeing Tiger going out there, all he’s been through, just seeing his tough mindset, strong mentality and then going out there and seeing that competitiveness come out of him, even when he knows he’s at a disadvantage, it’s fun to watch. “There’s a few golf guys in our locker room. I know a lot of guys are glued in and watching. There’s definitely some conversation just being an athlete knowing the rehab process and what it takes to come back and seeing what he did [Thursday] is kind of hard to believe, but from a guy like him, we shouldn’t be surprised.” Asked about the waiving Thursday of veteran James Johnson with two games remaining on the schedule — expected to create a full-time roster spot for two-way rookie Kessler Edwards — Nets coach Steve Nash said: “There’s a lot of tough decisions throughout the year. So it’s just another tough one and sometimes it’s a bit unforeseen where things are gonna go. The decision was made, so we just have to move on and just keep coaching the group, keep pushing the group.” Goran Dragic remained out due to health and safety protocols. Rookie big man Evan Mobley (ankle) returned for Cleveland, but ex-Net and first-time All-Star center Jarrett Allen (finger) remained sidelined.