Soon after entering the US, two-year-old Jocelyn and her parents laid down on the streets of Del Rio, Texas and slept. The Post witnessed three immigrant children bunking down outdoors Thursday, including Jocelyn — a taste of what aid groups fear will be a massive humanitarian crisis once the Biden administration lifts the Title 42 health authority, which allowed summary expulsions of migrants, on May 23. Jocelyn and her family, who traveled for 23 days from Nicaragua, had been waiting outside a Stripes gas station that doubles as the Greyhound bus pickup spot in Del Rio. They hoped to catch a bus to San Antonio after being released from Border Patrol custody, but there wasn’t enough space. “After facing so much danger to get here, sleeping on the floor doesn’t seem too bad,” said the girl’s father, who did not wish to be identified. “It’s harder for the children.” Del Rio is a town of about 35,000 residents that has become one of four hot spots for illegal immigrants to cross the US-Mexico frontier, according to Border Patrol. (McAllen in Texas and Yuma and Tucson in Arizona are the others.) The spillover has left small border towns scrambling to respond to seemingly unending waves of migrants. There is no immigrant shelter in Del Rio, leaving cashless immigrants to rough it overnight, and their presence has not gone unnoticed. J. Antonio Fernandez, the head of Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of San Antonio, said he hopes to get a Del Rio shelter open May 27, days after the end of Title 42. He said the Haitian migrant crisis of last September — in which thousands camped out under a local bridge before attempting to enter the US — convinced the organization they needed to bring more resources to the area. “With Title 42 going away, then that’s going to have a lot of people crossing the border quicker, and then we may have a bottleneck at the southern border,” said Fernandez. “My assumption is that we are going to have a lot of people coming through because they are going to see that the border is open.” Since taking effect in March 2020, at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, Title 42 has been cited 1.7 million times to swiftly remove migrants before their asylum claims are heard. With the authority’s removal a little more than seven weeks away, Fernandez recently met with a White House liaison to non-profit groups to discuss what’s coming next. When asked what the White House specifically told him to do to get ready for the lifting of Title 42, Fernandez echoed local law enforcement and elected officials. “Nothing,” he said. “There are no plans.” Currently, Catholic Charities is housing hundreds of immigrants each night in San Antonio hotels rooms in order to keep them off the streets before they catch a bus or flight to their final destinations across America. Fernandez says others are spending their nights at San Antonio International Airport. “Maybe 1,000 people may have slept at the airport,” he said. “Usually, if a flight leaves at 2, 3 in the morning, they don’t put them in hotels. They just take them to the airports.” “How do we communicate between all the partners, ICE, Border Patrol, not-for-profits, so we don’t have people sleeping on the streets, so we don’t have 1,000 people sleeping at the airport?” Fernandez asked. “If that’s what’s happening right now, I can’t imagine in two months from now.”