As Taylor Swift says, “I’m just gonna bake, bake, bake, bake, bake,” — or something along those lines. Nonetheless, we are here to talk about all things baking. So if you’re interested in knowing about the best casserole and baking dishes currently on Amazon, we have you covered. To ensure we give you the best baking information possible, we decided to reach out to TikTok baking star and “Should Look Like This” creator Dana Hasson. Here, Hasson shares what makes a bakeware piece great, what not to skip out on and more. After some fun FAQs, we’ll dive right into our top bakeware picks. But just in case you rather skip ahead to the products, simply click here. While you’re at it, feel free to check out our top cookware sets, dinnerware sets, kitchen gadgets and online cooking classes as well. Before you order just any bakeware dish, you must decipher what separates good bakeware from mediocre offerings. Hasson suggests staying away from thin materials, as they will most likely warp under extreme temperatures. Instead, you should keep your eyes out for bakeware that’s sturdy, durable and practical. Chances are well-made bakeware isn’t going to be cheap. Though, it’s often worth the price, as poorly crafted bakeware could actually be harmful to your body. “When baking, you’re dealing with high heat,” explains Hassan. “If the product you’re using isn’t high-quality, it could be toxic.” This is especially true when it comes to silicone materials, as silicone baking products should always be BPA free due to health concerns. Pairs with: The stoneware line, prices vary It only makes sense that the popular KitchenAid stand mixer would lead way to the just-as-great bakeware. We are specifically obsessed with the square two quart baker. It comes in a beautiful pistachio color that pairs pairs perfectly with the rest of the collection. Saying we are obsessed with this rectangular stoneware dish is an understatement. Why you ask? Because it maintains temperatures, blocks moisture absorption, resists scratches and stains, is nearly-nonstick and can be stored in the freezer, microwave, oven and more. Complete with six dishes, these heart-shaped bowls are ideal for small dinner portions and yummy baked goods. There’s nothing more classic than a french white casserole dish. This one features a glass lid, hold two quartz and is microwave, over, fridge, freezer and dishwasher safe. A practical favorite is this easy-to-grab dish. Featuring large handles, a glass lid and nonporous glass, you’ll be reaching for this dish all the dang time. We can’t get enough of the hand-painted floral design. But even better, this pan set can withstand up to 500°F. Say hello to savory meals and delicious desserts with the help of these two kitchen must-haves. You’ll be saying “oooh” and “ahhh” in no time. Made in France, this set includes two dishes: one measuring 7. 5″ X 6″ and the other measuring 10. 5″ X 7. 5″. Use to bake your favorite sweets, savory meals and more. Have you ever seen anything cuter? We’d ump on these ice blue ramekins while you still can. Their large opening also makes them simple to clean, which makes everything better. Bake and store your creations with this eight-piece dish set. With four different sizes, you’ll always have what you need on hand. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.