Pat McAfee showed off his battle scars after going toe-to-toe in the ring with WWE icons at WrestleMania 38 over the weekend. On Monday’s episode of “The Pat McAfee Show,” the host sported a massive bruise on his right arm that he said occurred in his victory against Austin Theory. “This one is a little sore,” McAfee said, pointing to the bruise. “[Theory] was standing outside the ropes like an idiot, and I’m sure there was a much more athletic way to go about doing whatever happened there. “But I just sprinted full speed and shouldered him and that rope slingshotted me back. I did not prepare for the aftermath.” McAfee didn’t get off easy after his win against Theory, who he said acted “way too cocky”  in their storyline during Night 2 of WrestleMania 38 at AT&T Stadium on Sunday. The former Colts punter was later hit from behind and eventually pinned by Theory’s mentor, WWE chairman Vince McMahon in an impromptu match after McAfee egged his 76-year-old boss on. McAfee then united with “Stone Cold” Steve Austin in the ring to chug beers during the angle, before Austin turned on him, and gave him a Stone Cold Stunner. “There were a couple times in there where I thought that I was in bad shape. But I feel good,” McAfee told his co-host A.J. Hawk. “Really, and I don’t want to undersell this, I’m really hungover right now.” McAfee, who is a WWE commentator on “Friday Night SmackDown” on Fox, said his hangover was courtesy of the beers he chugged with Austin and “a lot afterwards.” The podcast host went on to praise the WWE for including him in the big event. It was his third match in the company after having two in NXT, WWE’s developmental brand. “[Triple H] gave me a little speech before I went out. It was very cool,” McAfee said, crediting the WWE legend for introducing him to NXT. “As soon as you get out there it’s hard to really feel anything. There was definitely times where I was winded and was so tired, but that was insane.” After his WrestleMania 38 appearance, McAfee switched his Twitter handle from “The Pat McAfee Show” to “WrestleMania Pat McAfee.”