Thanks to a handy psychological trick, one man claims he can tell if you’re shy and quiet or confident and stubborn in mere seconds. The insight doesn’t come from asking you deep questions, though – instead, the revelation comes from what you see first in a simple optical illusion. TikTok star Charles Meriot shares optical illusions and personality tests to his page, where the comments sections are full of viewers debating the accuracy of the clips. In a recent video, Meriot shared a piece of art composed of smooth lines in primary colors. “What did you see first?” Meriot asked, letting the audience take a moment to study the image. Then, Meriot revealed the two images viewers were intended to see: a plucky chicken or a pair of lips. According to the content creator, what you see first reveals a secret truth about your personality. “If you saw the rooster first, it means you’re quite shy,” Meriot said. “You only like attention when you’re in the right mood.” People who saw a pair of lips immediately have a very different personality. “If you saw the mouth first, it means you’re confident, strong, and independent,” Meriot explained. But that comes with a drawback: “you can be a little bit stubborn and aggressive when things don’t go the exact way you want them to,” he added. Some viewers said that Meriot’s descriptions fit them exactly. “I saw the rooster and now I know exactly what I’m not (confident),” a viewer wrote. “I could be, but I’m not.” Others couldn’t fight their dispositions enough to see both images. “I am still trying to see the rooster,” a different commenter wrote. “I saw a mouth eating the rooster,” one confused person confessed. Another mistook the rooster’s eye for something else entirely. “Why did I think the dot was a tongue pierced?” they asked. “I think I fail or saw both.” Another viewer accused Meriot of making things up. “I think you are bamboozling people,” the disgruntled viewer wrote – but maybe they just didn’t like what they saw. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.