Washington Post tech columnist Taylor Lorenz slammed MSNBC’s handling of a segment in which she detailed her experiences contending with online harassment — claiming the network botched the report so badly that it made the problem worse. In a segment airing last Friday on MSNBC’s Meet the Press Daily, Lorenz revealed that online harassment targeting her and her family caused her to experience “severe PTSD” and contemplate suicide in the recent past. The MSNBC coverage aimed to detail brutal harassment faced by female journalists — noting data that showed 73% reported experiencing online attacks while doing their jobs. But Lorenz said she has faced “even worse” treatment since the segment went live. “If your segment or story on ‘online harassment’ leads to even worse online harassment for your subjects, you f—ed up royally and should learn how to cover these things properly before ever talking about them again,” Lorenz tweeted on Sunday. MSNBC representatives did not immediately return a request for comment on Lorenz’s remarks. MSNBC’s segment detailed how Fox News host Tucker Carlson ripped Lorenz in March 2021 for calling for an end to online harassment. At the time, Lorenz, then a reporter for the New York Times, said she had endured a “smear campaign” that had “destroyed her life.” Carlson fired back, claiming Lorenz’s remarks were another example of “powerful people claiming to be powerless.” The dustup kicked off in February 2021, when journalist Glenn Greenwald called her a “journalistic tattletale” after she incorrectly accused Silicon Valley investor Marc Andreessen of using the “R-word” — meaning “retard” — during a private discussion on the members-only Clubhouse app. In fact, another participant in the discussion — which was about the GameStop stock rally — had used the word while explaining that some investors on Reddit call themselves the “R-word Revolution,” according to its moderator Nait Jones, who added “this is why people block” journalists from private discussions — “because of this horse s–t dishonesty.” The segment also detailed Lorenz’s heated interactions with Greenwald, who once argued that her effort to “claim this level of victimhood is revolting” given her starring role at an influential media outlet. In one heated exchange last August, Greenwald ripped Lorenz after she suggested he wasn’t a “legitimate journalist” — taking aim at her coverage of various scandals involving social media influencers. “I’m not a ‘legitimate journalist,’ says the deeply unwell Swiss-boarding-school-educated neurotic who is paid by the New York Times to lurk outside teenagers’ TikTok houses and exposes their past transgressions,” Greenwald tweeted. Researchers at New York University found tweets with harmful language directed at Lorenz spiked 144% after Greenwald posted the tweet. During her appearance, Lorenz detailed several specific threatening or abusive tweets she has received — and broke down in tears while recounting them. “I’ve had to remove every single social tie. I have severe PTSD from this. I contemplated suicide. It got really bad,” Lorenz said. “You feel like any little piece of information that gets out on you will be used by the worst people on the internet to destroy your life and it’s so isolating. It’s horrifying.” Fox News did not respond to MSNBC’s request for comment on the report, but Greenwald did provide a statement. “As a member of various marginalized groups, I don’t want or accept some special immunity shield against being criticized, and no journalist with any dignity or worth should want that either.” Lorenz was also critical of MSNBC’s decision to reach out to Carlson and Greenwald for comment on their report. “Media companies are like ‘we’d like to do a story on the horrible bad faith smear campaign against you, but for fairness sake we will need to include comment from the people smearing you as a pedophile in order to represent both sides,’” Lorenz wrote.