The Issue: The Biden administration’s creation of a “Disinformation Governance Board.” We’re at a tipping point in our existence as a nation (“Big sister is watching you,” April 29). If we allow this shell of a man to trample our constitutional right to free speech, we are no longer a free country. New Disinformation Governance Board chief Nina Jankowicz is nothing but a threat to the right of every American to speak his mind without fear of reprisal from the quasi-military Department of Homeland Security. She promulgated disinformation when she scoffed at the veracity of The Post’s reporting on Hunter Biden’s laptop. The obvious intent is to frighten those who oppose the administration’s idea of disinformation and serve as a preemptive strike against Elon Musk’s takeover of Twitter. Anthony Bruno Smithtown With Elon Musk threatening to bring free speech to social media, the Biden regime is countering with a ministry of indoctrination under Commissar Nina Jankowicz. What’s next, re-education camps for Americans who don’t toe the party line? Incarceration in a mental institution with the forced application of mind-altering drugs for the crime of free thought? Why are Democrats so fearful of First Amendment rights that they oppose them at the federal level? So much for the “land of the free and the home of the brave.” Joseph Koenig Manhattan The leftist, socialist liberal Democrats must be scared to death. This ridiculous reaction to Musk buying Twitter is so over-the-top. This is beyond scary. This administration has to be reeled in. Musk has piqued the hysteria of the crazies, and that has proved dangerous. The more we push back, the more they will attack. We must stand together and stand strong. A huge turnout for the November elections is essential. I’m afraid for the United States of America and its people. Jean Cole Juno Beach, Fla. Regarding this “Ministry of Truth” created by the Biden administration, you immediately have to wonder why an administration that is highly ­unpopular would make such an un-American and controversial move that surely will not be popular among anyone but the most hardened far-left activists and college students. This certainly seems like a response to the takeover of Twitter by a free-speech supporter. That’s the obvious part. What is not as obvious is the endgame. If they are so desperate to control speech, what are the Democratic Party and this administration planning to do to hold on to their power during this upcoming election? What are they planning on hiding from us, gaslighting us into believing or preventing us from reading about prior to the election? That is the truly frightening part of this, and something every American should be concerned about. Joseph J. Grassi Port St. Lucie, Fla. It’s absolutely horrifying that the Biden administration would implement a “Disinformation Governance Board.” Don’t think Orwellian — think the Nuremberg Laws of 1935, which moved Germany from a democracy to a dictatorship. This “disinformation” fiasco is just another nail in the coffin of the once-great country known as the United States of America. J.J. Levine Miami Beach, Fla. Sadness, rage and disbelief war within me at the announcement of the creation of a “Disinformation Governance Board.” Is this really America in which such a brazen attack on the First Amendment can occur, couched in the nomenclature of the most authoritarian, genocidal regimes that ever existed? Destroying America, and the ideas that it is based on, has always been the goal of the hard-left zealots that now set the agenda for the catastrophically misnamed “Democratic” Party. David Rabinovitz Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.