Three NBA playoff contests are set to tip off on Wednesday and Joe Dellera of The Action Network is here to share his best player prop bets (video above). Dellera’s first prop play comes in Game Two between the Brooklyn Nets and Boston Celtics. In that matchup, Dellera is backing Al Horford to Record a Double-Double -113 on BetRivers Sportsbook. The reasoning? Partly Horford’s performance of late and partly the continued absence of Robert Williams for the Celtics. “Horford recorded 15 rebounds in Game One and is averaging 9.5 rebounds against Brooklyn without Robert Williams,” Dellera explains. “I believe that’s a good indicator of what we’re going to get today.” Further, Horford recorded 20 points against the Nets in the opening contest and, given he’ll receive a lion’s share of minutes, Dellera believes he’ll have little issue reaching double-digit points. Dellera’s second prop play comes in another Game Two – the Milwaukee Bucks vs. the Chicago Bulls. In that game, Dellera is backing Giannis Antetokounmpo ‘over’ 12.5 rebounds -145 on BetMGM. “[Antetokounmpo] is averaging 14 rebounds per game against Chicago,” Dellera says. “And he’s gone over this line in three of the last five, including Game One.” Plus, the Greek Freak has surpassed this benchmark in 11 of his 22 career playoff games. Against a weak Bulls interior, Dellera expects Giannis to dominate the glass for hosts Milwaukee. The final prop on Dellera’s card for Wednesday comes in Game Three between the Philadelphia 76ers and Toronto Raptors. In that game, Dellera is backing Tobias Harris ‘over’ 1.5 three-pointers made (-145) and ‘over’ 15.5 points (-115) on DraftKings. “[Harris] has made at least two threes in both games this series and 18 of 25 games with James Harden in the lineup,” Dellera says.  Plus, in terms of Harris’s points prop, the Tennessee product has proved quite effective at clearing that line in playoff games. Across his 14 playoff appearances, Harris has notched at least 16 points in 13 games. Given he’s averaging north of 20 points per game in that span, Dellera believes this line is set far too low and expects another strong offensive showing from Harris.