College football win total season continues, as WynnBET has released numbers for the SEC East. Our college football expert and senior writer Collin Wilson broke down each team’s number. Let’s compare Wilson’s projected win totals with the odds offered. The Bulldogs are riding high after capturing their first national title since 1980, and expectations have not changed much for the 2022 squad. Georgia’s win total for this season sits at 11.5 at WynnBET, but the Under is heavily juiced at -250. Wilson sees a little bit of value on the Under, with his projection sitting at 10.74. It’s hard to ignore that the team will look a bit different in 2022 as Georgia will stock the NFL draft with Jordan Davis, Devonte Wyatt, Nakobe Dean, George Pickens and likely Zamir White and James Cook. The defense also lost coordinator Dan Lanning, who took the head coaching job at Oregon. If you’re interested in playing the Bulldogs’ Under, Wilson would consider betting South Carolina in a Game of the Year and Lanning’s Ducks in a Week 1 date with his former team. Action Network Total: 10.74WynnBET Total: 11.5 (+200/-250) Josh Heupel’s team boasted one of the best offenses in the country last season, as it ranked 14th in Success Rate, 18th in Finishing Drives and 29th in Havoc Allowed. That unit also returns 68 percent of its production from last season, including quarterback Hendon Hooker and leading receiver Cedric Tillman. But things get a little more complicated on the defensive side of the ball. The Vols ranked 89th in Success Rate last year and now own a TARP (Transferring Assets and Returning Production) of only 19 percent in that unit. Tennessee also has a tough non-conference game against Pitt in its second contest of the season and faces Alabama from the SEC West. Action Network Total: 7.81WynnBET Total: 8.5 (-115/-105) Mark Stoops and company are coming off of a solid 10-win season that culminated in a victory over Iowa in the Citrus Bowl. The Wildcats’ bread and butter last season proved to be their offense behind quarterback Will Levis, wide receiver Wan’Dale Robinson and running back Chris Rodriguez Jr. The unit ranked seventh nationally in Success Rate and recorded a top-40 rank in Havoc Allowed. While Robinson is off to chase his NFL dream, Levis and Rodriguez return for what should be another quality year in Lexington. As a whole, Kentucky’s TARP sits at 67 percent on offense. Action Network Total: 8.54WynnBET Total: 8 (-110/-110) Welcome to the SEC, Billy Napier. After leading Louisiana to three double-digit-win seasons in a row, the former Ragin Cajuns’ head man now resides in Gainesville and looks to catapult the Gators back to the top. This is a new Florida team. Emory Jones is gone, leaving Anthony Richardson as the sole signal-caller in the backfield. The Gators have a tough road in front of them, highlighted by a season-opening matchup against Utah. But if this new coaching regime can settle in and the defense steps up, an Over may be in order. Action Network Total: 8.28WynnBET Total: 7 (-110/-110) The Gamecocks made plenty of moves in the transfer portal, highlighted by the pickup of Spencer Rattler from Oklahoma. Rattler, who was replaced by Caleb Williams last season, began 2021 as the favorite to win the Heisman Trophy. Shane Beamer also picked up Rattler’s teammate Austin Stogner at tight end and Wake Forest’s Christian Beal-Smith at running back. While Wilson’s numbers lean heavily toward a South Carolina Under, it’s impossible to say because of the uncertainty with SC’s transfers. Action Network Total: 3.7WynnBET Total: 6 (-150/+130) Missouri has the lowest net TARP numbers in the East. To make things even worse, the Tigers weren’t that impressive in 2021. Add those key elements together, and you get a recipe for a win total Under. Starting quarterback Connor Bazelak transferred to Indiana, leaving Brady Cook to take over. Running back Tyler Badie, who ran for 1,604 yards and 14 touchdowns, left for the NFL. No other player recorded more than 40 carries for Mizzou last season. Action Network Total: 3.77WynnBET Total: 5 (-120/+100) Vanderbilt might have a new logo, but it’s the same Commodores that will take the field in August. After all, this is a team that lost to East Tennessee State by 20 to open the season. There’s a chance Vanderbilt catches a team like Missouri off guard in conference play, but there’s a very real chance the Commodores’ only two wins come in Week 1 and Week 2 — if they even win those two. Action Network Total: 2.02WynnBET Total: 1.5 (-180/+160)