Great article from Maureen Callahan in The Post regarding the very, very old politicians “roaming” the halls of Congress (“Out with the old, already!”, April 15). It’s sad that Sen. Chuck Schumer, Rep. Nancy Pelosi, former California Gov. Jerry Brown and/or current Gov. Gavin Newsom did not bother (that we know of) to talk to Sen. Dianne Feinstein before her last election run in the hopes of preventing her from running again. Rep. Pelosi should have retired after the 2010 losses Democrats suffered, but yet she has this overhyped fundraising ability that keeps her in power. The three Democrats in House leadership were all born before the Pearl Harbor attack. That said, cognitive decline is quite sad, and no one should take joy in it, regardless of party. Stinder SohiBuffalo Callahan hit it right on the nail with her article. I agree. I don’t understand why some of these politicians won’t resign and won’t hand the mantle to others who can take their place. We got to see Sen. John McCain’s health decline while he was still in office. He should have resigned. There should be age limits. It is ridiculous that these politicians resist resigning. Ruben MoralesLaurence Harbor, NJ I’m usually in agreement with Callahan’s opinions, and I like her crisp writing style. Thursday’s column was based on selected examples to support her opinion that age limits on critical jobs will allow for younger people to fill important positions, like members of Congress. While I agree with the list of incompetents she included, she omitted the obvious solution in Congress is the implementation of term limits. Also, age limits would automatically eliminate sage experience if the individual is cogent and healthy. Younger replacements bring some examples of people like Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and her crowd of fools. Not all young people are as dumb, and not all old people are as incompetent as Biden and Feinstein. Vic RichelBerkeley Heights, NJ I agree with Callahan that both Feinstein and Biden should resign, not because they are “elderly,” but because they are incompetent, obnoxious and clueless. They also seem to hate the United States. Some of the worst ideas in recent years have come from people 40 years old and younger — the same people who support Rep. Ocasio-Cortez and her team of angry America-haters. If the people of California continue to vote for Feinstein knowing her “deficiencies”, what does that say about them? It is younger people who are attracted to socialism and think that majoring in gender studies and basket weaving is a great career move and want us to pick up their student loans. Alice LemosWoodside Callahan’s article is spot on and very serious. I know first-hand that the aging process affects all of us. The Congress members mentioned in her article are all slipping and should be retired. I am 76 years old and feel every day a slippage, and I know I could not hold any congressional office where I would be expected to carry on the people’s work. In their prime, I believe most in this group were satisfactory, but it is clear their days of governing are in the rear-view mirror. Dave MarshClearwater, Fla. I applaud Callahan in writing this article, though we know the patriarchy that runs Washington would not like it. With all due respect to aging citizens that still want to do their part for their country, they are still aging citizens. We all deal with our aging parents and see the changes that come with age. How it is different for politicians and judges who are old as dust? And we are trusting them to run our country. President Biden is showing his age at 76 and former President Donald Trump is 74. The old guard needs to be replaced to save this country and its laws. Age limits need to be set. Jacquie RoncaglioloNutley, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.