Shopping for a baby stroller isn’t as easy as going to the store, choosing a random find and calling it a day. Instead, you must think about what your child needs, how the stroller will be used, your budget and more. To put it bluntly, it can become overwhelming. Especially because welcoming a new human into the world also includes purchasing outfits, diapers, securing the right playpen and understanding what food is right for your child — among many other things. To aid in your parenting journey, we reached out to top mommy influencer Katie Stauffer for the best baby strollers of 2022. With 3.4 million followers on Instagram, 2 million on TikTok and five kids ranging from ages three to 18, including the beloved twins Mila and Emma, we think she knows a thing or two. Keep reading to discover the best strollers of 2022 and for an exclusive interview with the mommy influencer herself. Want to skip right to the interview? Then click here. “They hands down have the best car seats [for] infants and toddlers, and I loved that you could pop the car seats into their strollers so easily,” Stauffer said. “I had the Demi Grow.” We have to agree with Stauffer, as the Demi Grow is truly next level. This single stroller can convert into a double or a twin while including features such as a magnetic buckle option, a Dream Drape shade, custom dual suspension and more. Rachel Parcell, founder and creative director of Rachel Parcell Collection and mom to three little ones, also told The Post that Nuna is one of her “favorites” that she “uses and loves.” “This is great if you have a busy day or multiple kids you need to tag along,” said Stauffer. “There’s a lot of extra storage.” We agree with Stauffer, as the Wonderfold includes all the space you could ever need. Take it to the beach, an amusement park or just around town. The sun shade allows for comfort while the collapsible push handle is user-friendly. With two independent reclining seats and adjustable sunshades, this is one of the best double strollers on the market. “I loved the G-Link 2 when the girls were younger,” said Stauffer. “It folds up so easily [and] it’s great for travel.” Further features include a lightweight aluminum frame, multi-paneled canopies, four sets of wheels, quick folding, carry handles, an easy-access basket and more. Parcell is another fan of the popular UPPAbaby stroller, and for good reason. Featuring adjustable handle height, an expanding footwell, passenger harnesses, a one-touch foot break and more, this wagon is loved by many. “We loved, loved, loved the Veer,” Stauffer shared with The Post. “It was great because they had a lot of freedom and they sat facing each other.” Back in Stauffer’s running days, this was her go-to stroller.  “I think everyone agrees this is the best jogging stroller,” she said. We can see why, as the stroller provides a smooth ride over any terrain, the adjustable handlebar creates the perfect height for all parents and the ultra-padded compression seat keep your kiddo comfortable all-day. “This was the OG nice stroller back in the day and they’ve come out with a lot of really great strollers recently,” Stauffer told us. “It was a brand I always trusted, and I loved that everything was designed in Italy.” We are on the same page, espeically with the Peg Perego Ypsi Travel System. The system includes the Ypsi Stroller and the Primo Viaggio 4-35 Nido Infant car seat. Best of all, it seamlessly converts to a double stroller when needed and desired. Stauffer claims that the Thule is “another great stroller for outdoor activities,” and we fully support her claim. While Stauffer had a various Thule stroller model, we love the Thule Urban Glide 2. It’s a lightweight stroller that lets you seamlessly do life with your kiddo. So go ahead. Go an explore with your little one. While Stauffer has never used the Cybex herself, she says it looks “really pretty” and we agree. Best of all, it includes an and extra large sun canopy with UPF 50+ rating, peek-a-boo window and a rain cover to create the ultimate stroller umbrella. “Getting to raise such different and amazing people and watching them grow into their own. Every day I am shocked by how funny, witty, intelligent and talented they all are in their own ways. They make me laugh all day and I love that our house is always full of people. They bring me so much joy.” “It would be impossible to pick one moment, but I would say that I always laugh the hardest when Mila and Emma are put in serious situations (interviewing a celebrity, etc.). They are able to ask such intellectual questions. I’m always thinking ‘I didn’t even know they knew half of the words they just used.’ Kids are always listening and it always makes me laugh.” “I will take a trip somewhere. Either with just Nick [her husband] or with the whole family. It’s always exciting taking the kids somewhere they’ve never been before. and it will pull you out of any slump.” “Over the years, I’ve been obsessed at different times with different brands, but a few that have probably stuck out the most are [as follows].” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.