When one chapter ends, another one begins. And in the case of Betty White’s longtime Los Angeles home, that means a brand new future entirely. Her Brentwood Park lair has listed for a princely $10.57 million sum, marking the first time the home has hit the market in more than 50 years. But instead of a new buyer calling the charming property with canary-yellow shutters their own, it’s being sold for land value — specifically, as an opportunity to “build your dream home on a flat lot in a serene country setting,” the listing says. White, the celebrated “Golden Girls” cast member, died in this home, located at 506 North Carmelina Ave., on New Year’s Eve mere weeks from her 100th birthday and six days after suffering a stroke. “Betty passed in her sleep peacefully without pain. To me this is the most important thing and brings me comfort as her dear friend. Anything else is private to Betty,” White’s longtime agent and friend Jeff Witjas said in a statement at the time. White purchased the home in 1968 with her late husband Allen Ludden. The couple chose the house due to its proximity to various studios where she worked while still providing privacy, a spokesman for White’s estate told the Wall Street Journal, which was the first to report the listing. As it stands, the property has five bedrooms and six bathrooms — and spans 3,029 square feet. But prospective buyers won’t be able to tour inside. “There will be no interior access of the home,” the listing reads. “All showings are of the exterior only.” Still, from this City of Angels perch, perks include “huge parklike grounds,” mountain views, and even vistas of the Getty Museum, according to the listing. What’s more: the 3/4 of an acre lot has flower-filled gardens and old growth trees. Marlene Okulick of Sotheby’s International Realty — Pacific Palisades Brokerage — holds the listing. Despite maintaining ownership of this Los Angeles property and spending her final days there, White wanted to live elsewhere: her longtime home located north in Carmel, Calif. Weeks after that home hit the market in March, it landed a buyer in what appears to have been a bidding war. That three-story seaside spread sold for $10.77 million, a good chunk above over the initial $7.95 million asking price.