The Rangers are stacking shutouts in April. For the third straight game, the Rangers effectively kept their opponents off the scoreboard with their fourth shutout of the month. This one was a 3-0 win over the Jets on Tuesday night in front of a sold-out crowd of 18,006 at Madison Square Garden, and the victory moved the Rangers back into a tie with the Hurricanes for first place in the Metropolitan Division. “It’s obviously a credit to our goalies, but I think also we’re playing good hockey,” said Ryan Strome, who scored his 18th and 19th goals of the season to tie his single-season career-high total that he set in 2018-19 with the Oilers and Rangers. “They’re there when we need them, but all in all, I think guys are buying in pretty good and I think we understand what it takes to win right now and what makes us successful. “When we do that for a good chunk of the game, we give ourselves a good chances to win. Obviously, three straight games is pretty impressive.” Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. The Rangers have dictated the pace of play of late, no matter the opponent. After chasing games more often than not at the start of the season, the Rangers are now forcing opposing teams to adhere to the way they command the contest. And it certainly helps when the Rangers’ star goaltender, Igor Shesterkin, is there to bail out every odd-man rush or high-danger shot that slips through. Shesterkin finished with 31 saves in his second shutout in a row and sixth of the season. Despite an otherwise uneventful game, Shesterkin was tested by the Jets and fended off eight high-danger scoring chances, according to Natural Stat Trick. “To have a goalie behind you that you have so much confidence in, it really helps you as a defenseman,” said Adam Fox, who doubled the Rangers score at 11:47 of the third period with his first goal since March 22 on a shot from the top of the zone that found twine through traffic. “I think you can play a little more confidently and know that you don’t have to worry about letting up shots from the outside that might get kicked for a rebound, might trickle in or anything like that. “To see what he’s been doing this year, to be a defenseman in front of him, it’s obviously really good for us to have that bailout and have confidence that you’re getting a save when you need one.” Early on in the middle frame before Strome opened the scoring with a power-play goal, Shesterkin turned aside a two-on-one rush from former Blueshirt Morgan Barron and Mason Appleton to keep the game scoreless. And when Blake Wheeler managed to get behind the Rangers’ defense later in the period, Shesterkin stayed with the Jets’ right winger and caught the backhanded shot in his armpit while spinning out of the crease. Shesterkin also got in front of the Jets’ best opportunity of the first period, stopping the puck on a long shot from the point that still trickled behind him. The Russian netminder fell on it to stop play and the Garden crowd thanked him by chanting his name. The Rangers now have 50 wins on the season and Shesterkin has 36 of them. Shesterkin has never played in this many games in a single season in his entire career. His previous career high was 39 games with the Kontinental Hockey League’s St. Petersburg SKA in 2016-17. “I went onto the stat site and I looked at how many games I’ve played,” Shesterkin said through a translator. “I’m still in shock.”