An OnlyFans model allegedly stabbed her boyfriend to death in their apartment — before racy content was posted on her social media page. Influencer Courtney Clenney, 25, known on her social media platforms as Courtney Tailor, was detained and later taken to a mental institution after killing 27-year-old Christian Obumseli, cops said. Police responded to a 911 call from Clenney around 5 p.m. Sunday at the luxury apartment building in Miami, Florida. There they found her boyfriend stabbed once in the shoulder. First responders transported Obumseli to a nearby hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries. Officers said the violence was caused by a domestic dispute. “We know that there was a physical altercation between them before he was stabbed,” a Miami PD spokesperson said. Intense arguments were common in Clenney and Obumseli’s relationship, mutual friends of the couple told an ABC affiliate. “We’ve seen her hit him,” Ashley Vaughn said. “I’ve never seen him hit her.” According to the close friends, Obumseli had recently moved to the area and was living with Clenney at the One Paraiso apartment building, located in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami. Neighbors in the building have reported that the couple had a long history of domestic disputes and that local police often had to get involved. While Clenney was detained at the police station following the stabbing, police say she threatened to kill herself. Police said the threat led to an evaluation, causing her to be “Baker Acted.” Florida’s Baker Act law allows law enforcement, as well as doctors, mental health professionals and judges, to commit a person to a mental health treatment center for up to 72 hours if certain violent or suicidal tendencies are displayed. It is unclear when Clenney, whose Instagram account has over 2 million followers, will be released from the mental institution. Though she was detained on April 3, OnlyFans content was somehow still posted on Clenney’s account on April 4. At the moment, Clenney does not face any charges for Obumseli’s death. A GoFundMe for Obumseli’s family has already raised over $64,000. The page states that he was killed just one week before turning 28. “Christian was extremely compassionate with a desire always to uplift those around him,” the GoFundMe organizer wrote. “He did not deserve for his life to be cut short by a heinous act of violence.” The investigation into Obumseli’s death is ongoing. A cousin of Obumseli, who did not want to be named, was emotional when contacted by the Sun and said they are “devastated” and she has been consoling her family. She said they have information surrounding his death but are “still trying to understand everything,” declining to comment further while they grieve.