A gunman who set off a smoke grenade injured at least 29 people, 10 of whom were shot, on a rush-hour subway train Tuesday morning. And the manhunt for the shooter, snarled traffic and police helicopters overhead all came just blocks from the Nets’ training facility as they prepared for their play-in game against Cleveland. “It’s obviously a very tragic morning. We’re devastated for the community and those directly involved,” Nets coach Steve Nash said. “I don’t know all of the details so I don’t want to get too far into it. But we’re just all concerned for everyone involved try to prepare for the task at hand the best we can.” The suspect started the mayhem around 8:30 a.m. on a Manhattan-bound N train at the 36th street station. “They always text us when there’s traffic and get there little early; but I didn’t know the specific reason until I got into the building,” Kevin Durant said. “You see the helicopters out front, I mean outside. You just want everything to work out and figure it out. “They sent us a text to say there might be some traffic, but I didn’t know why. And then you look through your phone and see stuff. I hate violence. I hate senseless violence and hopefully we can figure out the details and get everybody to safety and get everybody the help that they need. But it’s a tough situation right now.” With the HSS Training Center just a half-mile away – roughly five blocks – a number of Nets staffers take the subway. All were accounted for Tuesday morning, and preparations for the Cavs went ahead as scheduled, albeit with something of a pall caused by the tragic and ongoing situation around the corner. “Guys pretty much heard stories on social media through their phones and hopefully they get this figured out and people safe. I know there’s a couple people shot. It’s just an unfortunate situation and I hope they get it figured out,” Durant said. “It’s devastating to hear about….I don’t know too many details, but to hear the sirens out front of the practice facility and see so much commotion going on outside, you hope and pray for the best for everybody involved.” The Nets security team – led by Fred Galloway – informed Nash. But with players coming from all different places and arriving at different times, cancelling shootaround at that point was impractical. For example, Goran Dragic – who has cleared health and safety protocols and is available to play – was at the facility bright and early before the incident. “I heard. I was already here. I didn’t even know the players were talking about it, about shooting in the subways,” Dragic said. “It’s terrible. I just hope nobody is hurt bad and everything is going to be well. “I get here around 9, 8:45. I was in my car. Five people got shot, something like that? So yeah, I’m just praying for the families that everybody is going to be okay and resolve this thing. “I was just talking to (assistant) Jordan Ott the coach and we were talking about the situation and he was saying you see that yellow building, that’s where that happened. So it’s really close. It’s kind of scary of how close. And I’ve already been in the subway a couple times, but now I have my doubts.” The Nets put out a statement on Twitter sending their thoughts to those impacted by the shooting and an advisory regarding security for Tuesday night’s game at Barclays Center. “For those planning to attend tonight’s Brooklyn Nets game, your safety and security is our top priority and we are working closely with our law enforcement partners,” the team said. “Fans should plan to arrive early and expect an increased security presence at Barclays Center.”