The daughters of missing Colorado mom Suzanne Morphew tearfully hugged their dad when the murder case against him was dropped — insisting he “didn’t have anything to do with” their mom’s case. Mallory and Macy Morphew were due to be key witnesses in the murder trial of dad Barry, until a Fremont County judge granted a motion to dismiss the case without prejudice on Wednesday. The adult daughters wept and hugged their dad in the courtroom, before smiling widely as they held his hands while supporting him as he left court a free man. “We miss our mom dearly and we know our dad didn’t have anything to do with it,” Mallory Morphew told the judge, saying they both “fully support this dismissal,” according to 9News. Her sister, Macy, told the judge they were “thankful” for his decision. “We’re thankful we can go on with our life and just take time to heal,” she said, according to the local station. Their 49-year-old mother has been missing nearly two years, since she failed to return from a biking trip on Mother’s Day 2020. The women had raised the alarm after she stopped replying to their texts. The daughters have supported dad Barry throughout, being at his side for every court appearance after he was arrested and charged with murder and other crimes last year. “Barry and his daughters are relieved, but they’re sad because they too want to know where Suzanne Morphew is,” freed man’s attorney, Iris Eytan, told 9News. “Barry Morphew loves Suzanne Morphew. He loves her and he misses her and he wants to know where Suzanne Morphew is.” Prosecutors said in a motion that they and law enforcement believe they’re “close to the discovery” of Suzanne Morphew’s body, focusing on a “remote and mountainous” region that is covered in 5 feet of snow. They sought the dismissal because they won’t be able to complete searches ahead of the trial, scheduled for April 28. The ruling allows them to charge Morphew again if fresh evidence is found later. However, Eytan insisted to 9News that “they absolutely dismissed this case at this point because they knew they were going to lose this trial. And Mr. Morphew was going to be acquitted and exonerated.” Suzanne’s brother, Andrew Moorman, told the station that “the dismissal is proper because more investigation needs to be done to find my sister.” “We’re looking forward to finding our sister and bringing her home for a proper burial,” he said, adding, “I look forward to being back in this court.”