Forget basic flats. Spicing up your footwear collection for spring and summer isn’t just for the job of heels. Instead, keep the comfort of flats or wedge shoes and add some fun summer style by investing in some espadrilles. For those that want a bit of a fashion history lesson, espadrilles are tied to Barcelona and the region of Catalonia and Basque Country, in present-day Spain. The name actually translates to the type of grass used to weave the sole of the shoe, esparto grass.  While some are still made in Spain, you can buy these stylish shoes all over the world. Additionally, handbags and other accessories can be made of this material, and could be cute to pair with any of the shoes below. To save you the mega bucks on a flight to Spain you can order these special shoes from a number of great retailers like Amazon, Draper James, J. Crew and more. Even better, they have options for all, including those with a wedge heel for some added height, platform espadrilles, traditional flats and in dozens of colors and patterns. Read on for our list of some of the cutest espadrilles for sale, ranging in price too, to fit every budget in time for sandals season. Step up your summer shoe game with these gingham espadrilles from Draper James, which just so happens to be Reese Witherspoon’s brand. These are extra cute, with lace up straps you can wear up the leg or tied around the ankle. For an elevated look, opt for the wedge version. These espadrille heels are a classic pair from J. Crew, with a rounded toe and a leather upper and lining. Designer espadrilles will set you apart at the beach or on the boardwalk. This Tory Burch pair are a great summer staple, with a black leather shoe and the gold Tory Burch logo on the toe. For a full-coverage shoe, these platform espadrilles are a great option. They come in the pictured gray color as well as in black and metallic gold and rose gold. They are also sold on Amazon for an easy checkout. Spring is in full bloom and so are these espadrille flats from Kate Spade. The shoes have a white base and a light espadrille sole, with embroidered flowers on each shoe. When it doubt, go the designer route. These Gucci espadrilles are a great combination of neutral and color, with the rainbow Gucci logo throughout the flat shoe. They can be found at Saks Fifth Avenue, now with a waitlist for select sizes should yours be sold out. Leather, but make it spring. These hot pink espadrilles are from Coach and also come in an amazing shade or orange that reminds us of a perfect summer sunset. They are sold on Amazon and range in price, so be sure to get them while they’re still in stock. Straight from Spain, these shoes are the real deal. The Mallorca pair are named after the Spanish island, and remind us of tropical times ahead. they come in three different heights, too including a 2.75-inch wedge, 3.5-inch and 4-inch heights. Turn to TOMS for a twist on a classic. These have the body of a normal TOMS shoe, but with an espadrille boarder and a platform wedge with a fun and happy rainbow color. Your shoe future is clear: you need these shoes. They match just about anything, so you’ll probably be wearing these wedge espadrilles from Andre Assous all spring and summer long. They’re also the real deal, made in Spain. Puddle jumping and gardening in these shoes is no problem. Why? They are washable! These espadrille flats from Vionic are fully machine washable, coming in a rainbow of fun colors to shop. Walk amongst the clouds in these comfy espadrille flats. The closed-toe sandals are from Cole Haan, built to be comfortable all day long with a fully-lined footbed. They come in beige as well as a more fun pink pattern, blue and navy. Free yourself from traditional sneakers with this fun hybrid espadrille shoe from Free People. The combo is sold at Nordstrom and comes in a few fun colors to try, each with an espadrille sole and a lace-up sneaker front. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.