Eddie Murphy may have found his next musical gig. The “Dreamgirls” actor, 60, is in early talks to portray the Godfather of Funk himself, George Clinton, in an upcoming biopic. Murphy will also executive produce the flick, according to Deadline, with John Davis and Catherine Davis through their Davis Entertainment production company. While the project is still in the very early stages, the filmmakers are still focusing on trying to secure the life rights of Clinton before they start writing the script and casting the movie in its entirety. The film will follow Clinton, 80, and his childhood in North Carolina in the 1940s to the creations of his legendary collective Parliament-Funkadelic. The biopic will also chronicle his influence on singers of the hip-hop generation including Tupac Shakur, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Outkast and Wu-Tang Clan. The “Dolemite Is My Name” actor also recently signed a three-picture deal with Amazon Studios last year. The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer is regarded as the Godfather of Funk, and is an innovator of the music genre alongside James Brown and Sly Stone. He was inducted into the museum in 1997, alongside 15 other members of Parliament-Funkadelic. The bandleader and his mates were given Grammy Lifetime Achievement Awards in 2019. The “Flash Light” crooner sat down with the Post in 2019 to discuss his career and his thoughts on today’s music. Clinton revealed his picks for who the funkiest artists out there are today. “You’ve got Flying Lotus, Thundercat, Kendrick Lamar, Anderson .Paak,” he said. He continued, “Those guys, they just play with the funk with their new version and the old funk… Funk is the DNA in hip-hop and any dance music, pretty much. You got a booty, you gon’ want some funk up in there.” Of the advice he would give to his past self, the “Atomic Dog” singer noted, “You ain’t gettin’ high! You think you high, you ain’t gettin’ high. You ain’t doin’ nothin’ but wasting time and money.” “You get caught up in whatever is the going, trendy chemical substance. You get caught up in that, and it takes you a long time to wiggle your way out of it, if you do,” he said at the time. Murphy will next be seen in the Kenya Barris Netflix comedy, “You People,” also starring Jonah Hill, Lauren London, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Nia Long and David Duchovny.  