Tucker Carlson said he was “certainly rooting” for the workers at an Amazon warehouse in Staten Island who successfully led the first-ever unionization drive at the retail behemoth. The Fox News primetime host made the comments on his Thursday show while interviewing Christian Smalls, the warehouse employee credited with leading the organized labor effort. Carlson has been critical of Amazon and other large tech companies. He has used his show to question whether Silicon Valley has grown too powerful. “I’ve never been particularly pro-union, but it does seem like Amazon needs some counterbalance,” Carlson told Smalls on Thursday. “If this huge company, the workers have no power, and maybe we could, I don’t know, share a little power with the people who work there. That’s my view, anyway.” Smalls generated headlines when he called out US Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) for not rallying with the workers as she had pledged to do. The socialist lawmaker promised organizers she would stand by them at the rally outside the JFK8 Amazon fulfillment center in the Bloomfield section of Staten Island last summer, but she dropped out at the last minute. Ocasio-Cortez was accused by supporters of the Amazon Labor Union of “leaving them high and dry” by failing to show up for an August rally in support of the workers before the union vote. Smalls was asked last weekend if he had a message for Ocasio-Cortez in the wake of his success. “Hell no,” he said. “She don’t deserve this moment.” During his interview with Carlson on Thursday, Smalls said Ocasio-Cortez wasn’t the only lawmaker to have failed to show up on behalf of workers. “We know that whether they showed up or not, they didn’t make or break our election,” Smalls said. Amazon workers at the Staten Island warehouse voted this month to become the web giant’s first unionized US workers. The vote was 2,654 in favor and 2,131 against unionization, according to National Labor Relations Board officials. Carlson said it was odd for Amazon to be disputing the vote to unionize given that the company has sought to put on a progressive face. “I certainly am rooting for you,” Carlson told Smalls. “Maybe if they throw some more woke slogans at you, you’ll forget you can’t feed your family.”