WASHINGTON — RJ Barrett’s season is over. That actually would be the good news if that’s all it is. Barrett suffered what the Knicks preliminarily called a sprained right knee during the 114-92 win over the Wizards on Friday night after making a pretty feed to center Jericho Sims for a layup late in the first half. Barrett did not return and will miss Sunday’s season finale against the Raptors. It is likely Barrett will need an MRI exam to make sure there isn’t further damage to the ACL. Barrett’s injury overshadowed the Knicks rout at Capital One Arena that featured Obi Toppin’s career-high 35 points. “[Barrett has] got a sprained knee, and he’ll be reevaluated by doctors when we get back,’’ head coach Tom Thibodeau said. “I don’t want to speak for them [about an MRI] because I don’t know. He’s in with the trainers.’’ Asked if he was worried this could be a more serious tear, Thibodeau said: “I worry about everything. I don’t like to see any one of our players get injured, but it’s part of the game. He’s got soreness right now, and obviously, he’ll be out.’’ On the play in question, Barrett drove down the left side of the lane and was double-teamed by two Wizards players. There appeared to be contact, and Barrett’s knee buckled. He took a spill and stayed down for 10 seconds. The whistle blew to stop the action, but he stayed in the game for another 45 seconds. Within a minute, Barrett asked out and headed to the locker room with 1:43 left before halftime. During the break, the Knicks announced Barrett had sprained his knee and wouldn’t return. “RJ’s been doing great,’’ Toppin said. “It definitely sucks. He’s going to be bounce back and be better.’’ Knicks executive William Wesley, the lone member of the front office at the game, went back to the locker room with Barrett. He was pacing near the tunnel during the second half. Barrett was having a strong game, with 14 points on 6-for-10 shooting from the field and two assists as the Knicks were running and gunning. He will finish the season averaging 20.0 points. A knee sprain usually keeps a player out for about a month. With the Knicks out of the playoffs, that would be a low-impact situation, if that’s all it is. Based on his season, Barrett, if he doesn’t have a devastating injury, could receive a massive contract extension by October’s deadline — even the rookie max of $181 million. The No. 3-overall pick in 2018 has become the face of the franchise after Julius Randle had a falling out with much of the fan base. He’s also now considered one of the team leaders despite being just 21. “We always talk about being a team of leaders,’’ Thibodeau said before the game. “How does he set the tone for that? The challenge is not only to bring the best out of yourself but the best out of the team.’’ Across the past couple of weeks, Thibodeau has made allusions to Barrett’s next step being to become a distributor when he draws double teams. He’s shooting 40.4 percent partly because sometimes he forces inside when heavily contested. “What you see a lot of times a player that’s going to command two on the ball, don’t fight that pressure with pressure, trying to split it and score over it,’’ Thibodeau said Friday when discussing Barrett. “Get off it so we can get high-quality shots from that. Most young guys go through a period they have to learn. RJ has grown in all areas this year. He’s had a very good year. That’s what I love about him.’’