We beat ourselves up when our emotions get the best of us – but often, it’s not entirely our fault. Emotions are a lot more physical and chemical than you might think. For example, one study found that emotions like love, happiness, and pride generate heavy stimulation in the body, while feelings of depression or sadness can create physical numbness. Considering how much of our mood and emotional well-being is linked to factors beyond our control, it’s helpful to have something that allows us to take control of our responses and emotions from boiling over. Who knew your biggest ally in maintaining your mood throughout the day might be the humble mushroom? That’s the secret at the center of Plant People WonderDay Mushroom Gummies. It’s a research-backed collection of adaptogenic mushroom extract that helps keep you centered and focused through all the twists and turns of your day. It accomplishes that feat by bringing together the finest quality of ten different mushroom varieties, not just one. Then, these extracts all sync up in one tidy gummy to promote the bodily equilibrium known as homeostasis. Leveling out chemicals in your brain and throughout your body, the imbalances that can leave you susceptible to moodiness, anger, or depression are eased, and daily stressors aren’t so triggering. WonderDay is packed with functional mushrooms, including Lion’s Mane and Chaga mushroom elements balancing your mood to the Reishi driving down stress levels and the Cordyceps and Maitake keeping the body energy up. These properties work with one another to help keep you on a well-balanced track. Along with improving gut health, boosting immunity, and more, WonderDay’s ingredients are sourced from American family farms and have all been lab tested for purity and effectiveness. This non-GMO gelatin- and high fructose corn syrup-free supplement may sound like they might taste like a mushroom, but in fact, these chef-created gummies actually taste like a burst of wild raspberry flavor instead. Customers who were previously prone to stress are backing up its surprising taste and its overall effect. “The mushroom gummies taste delicious! So easy to remember to eat every day…and I noticed my patience improved,” Margaret said. “I would describe my reaction to scenarios I would previously be intense about to be a lot more mellow.” You can check out what a burst of mushrooms can do for you with a 60-gummy jar of Plant People WonderDay Mushroom Gummies for just $29.99. Users can also save 15% off their purchase with exclusive code NYPOST15. Prices are subject to change.