They’ve fallen out of love and now escrow, but the freshly reunited couple are still hot on the hunt for a new home. Shortly after flaking on a $55 million Bel-Air mansion, newly engaged-again sweethearts Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck have been spotted checking out late television mogul Aaron Spelling’s former estate in the Los Angeles suburbs. On Tuesday, Affleck, 49, and Lopez, 52, took a look-see at the nauseatingly lavish 14-bedroom city of a house in the Holmby Hills area, the Daily Mail reported. Their tour of the sprawling property — originally known as Spelling Manor and now apparently known simply as the Manor — took place just days after the lovebirds committed to one another then promptly bailed on an over 20,000-square-foot property they’d reportedly already inked a deal on last month. Whereas their now forsaken love nest was certainly decadent, the Manor is truly beyond opulent. Built by Spelling for him and his wife Candy in 1990, the 56,000 square-foot residence is set on 4.6 acres and features 27 full bathrooms, 100 garage spaces, a movie theater and tennis court. There are built-in aquariums, 400-year-old Moorish columns, an imperial staircase, a pool, jacuzzi and even a hair salon. Previous residents include Kylie Jenner and British heiress Petra Ecclestone, who bought the property from the Spellings for $85 million in 2011 before reportedly making some $20 million in renovations. In comparison, the Bel-Air property (also known as The Bellagio Estate) had only 17 bathrooms, 10 bedrooms, a less lush looking home movie theater and 1.1 acres. Bennifer’s Tuesday tour of the Spelling Manor followed a Sunday house tour junket of three other properties, the Daily Mail reported. For the weekend expedition, Affleck and ex-wife Jennifer Garner’s youngest children — 13-year-old Seraphina and 10-year-old Samuel — came along for the ride. Neither Lopez’s 14-year-old twins with ex-husband Marc Anthony nor Affleck’s 16-year-old daughter Violet appeared to be in attendance.