Taylor Lorenz’s “hit piece” exposing the personal information of “Libs of TikTok” creator Chaya Raichik “was not her first foray into doxxing private citizens,” notes Madeline Osburn at The Federalist, “but she certainly brought a new twist” by portraying Raichik as a “ ‘powerful’ Orthodox Jew who is ‘shaping’ the media” — thereby “dabbling” in a “long-held anti-Semitic trope.’ ” With US anti-Semitic attacks at record levels, editors at “The Washington Post thought it was a good idea to identify” Raichik “as an Orthodox Jew” and provide her “name . . . and physical address.” Lorenz claimed to out “someone doxxing innocent LGBT teachers and private individuals” but “ended up doing the very type of doxxing she falsely accuses her subject of — and with an anti-Semitic trope to boot.” The vacationers who age decades in hours in the flick “Old” are a metaphor for Black Lives Matter, “a movement that has quickly aged into a racket,” snarks The Wall Street Journal’s Jason L. Riley. BLM’s support has collapsed from its 52% peak after George Floyd’s murder. Many question its multimillion-dollar real-estate purchases and other financial practices, and its response to critics is more the behavior of “hustlers on the make” than that of a respectable organization. Plus, “its prominence has been propelled in part by lies and half-truths”: The “hands up, don’t shoot!” story, for example, “is a myth.” Finally, its “antipolice agenda is out of step with the thinking of most blacks today.” The 2020 elections are looking “quite bad” for Democrats,” as “Biden’s approval rating is bad, his rating is worse on the most important issue, the economy, and it is truly terrible on high profile, contentious issues like crime and immigration,” notes The Liberal Patriot’s Ruy Teixeira. House losses could reach 40 seats, while four Senate seats may go. Dems should “use the election as a teachable moment,” facing “the actually-existing demographics and politics of the country they live in”: They’re now “at a crippling disadvantage in what remains an overwhelmingly working class and non-urban country.” “At least in public transportation, the mask madness appears to be ending, and boy are the Democrats mad,” quips The Boston Herald’s Howie Carr. “Why do Democrats love masks so much? Always have, since they founded the Ku Klux Klan.” The judge who struck down the mandate noted how lockdowns saw Americans “forcibly removed from their airplane seats, denied boarding at the bus stop and turned away at the train station door” — which “sounds like the Jim Crow South — another all-Democrat production.” But with “the vast majority of Americans . . . ecstatic about the end of the Panic . . . Biden will soon be claiming that he ended the mask mandate.” After all, “claiming credit for something you not only didn’t do, but tried to prevent — that’s almost as big a Democrat thing as wearing a mask to the next mostly peaceful riot.” Special counsel John Durham’s latest filing in his Russiagate investigation “suggests the rabbit hole goes a bit deeper than we thought,” reports Peter Van Buren at Spectator World. In a motion filed in response to Michael Sussmann’s “request to dismiss the case against him,” Durham accuses Sussmann “of lying to the FBI about his working for the Clinton campaign” while trying to get the agency to investigate “Trump’s ties to Russia” and reveals Sussmann told the CIA and FBI that “a Russian Yota cellphone seemed to be following Trump around.” But the “proof” he passed along “was fake. Phony. Fabricated. Much like the Dossier.” The CIA didn’t fall for it, and neither did the reporters who peddled the info — but the FBI did. Was the agency “technically unschooled” or “in on the greater conspiracy”? — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board