Governor Kathy Hochul played defense Monday on controversial aspects of the record $220 billion state budget — especially the $600 million in taxpayer funding she garnered for a new stadium for her hometown Buffalo Bills — following a new poll showing her struggling with voters ahead of the June 28 Democratic primary for governor. Less than a quarter of registered voters, including 18 percent upstate, approve of the stadium funding, which includes another $250 million form the local county, according to a Siena College poll released Monday morning. “I feel it was a good deal for the taxpayers,” Hochul told reporters about the deal following a morning appearance at Kleinhans Music Hall in Buffalo. “We worked hard to get that accomplished.” The poll also found a slight majority of respondents believe the state is moving in the wrong direction. A plurality of voters said they would prefer to vote for someone other than Hochul for governor if she beats rivals Rep. Tom Suozzi and New York City Public Advocate Jumaane Williams to become the Democratic nominee for governor. Hochul downplayed the importance of the unfriendly data, widely regarded by political watchers as one of the most accurate reflections of public opinion on state policymaking, by noting that it did not examine voter attitudes about some parts of the budget. “We did not put out a poll [to examine] ‘Do people agree with billions of dollars spent on transportation on Long Island, or money we’re investing in the North Country to make the North Country be ready for the World University Games?’” she told reporters in Buffalo when asked about the 63% of registered voters who disapprove of the stadium deal. Economists have cast doubt on the economic benefits of publicly-funded stadiums, especially compared to other projects that have direct benefits to the state economy. “If you tested by poll, and I don’t think this is happening, the billions of dollars we’re putting in Penn Station or East Side Access tunnels … the answer is probably going to be the same. This is what I deal with as governor, I have a large state with a lot of different interests, and I know that this is important for the identity of Western New York, I will stand by that,” Hochul said about the unpopularity of the stadium deal. Just 20 percent of respondents said Hochul was doing an excellent or good job handling crime. About a third said the same about her handling of the economy, COVID-19, restoring trust in government and “Providing the leadership New Yorkers look for in their governor,” according to the poll. But the poll had some good news for the embattled governor, with more voters supporting rather than opposing the legalization of to-go drinks, an expansion of downstate casinos, and a $4.2 billion environmental bond act slated to go on the November ballot. Nearly three-quarters of voters also approve of a six-month suspension of state gas taxes from June 1 through the end of the year, which adds up to 16 cents per gallon in savings for motorists. Two-thirds of poll respondents also supported the changes to bail reform, which faced fierce opposition from progressive legislators, that were included in the state budget. This expanded the list of bail-eligible offenders while making it easier to jail people pre-trial who are accused of multiple crimes before their day in court. A majority of voters say bail reform has contributed to rising crime, but just 32 percent of them think new changes will cut crime moving ahead. “We got thoughtful changes to our laws as part of the budget,” she said of the changes to bail reform. “That was not easy to accomplish, but it was the right thing to do and we got it done.” Hochul is running for a full term in office this year after disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo resigned last year amid a litany of scandals. While some voters might not be so bullish about how Hochul has performed as governor, according to the Siena Poll, she signaled Monday that she will continue campaigning on her budget wins with about two months to go before the Democratic primary for governor. “We are going to redefine New York’s destiny,” she said during her morning appearance in Buffalo. “It starts, as I mentioned, with a socially responsible and fiscally prudent, very fiscally prudent budget. So let’s focus on what that looks like.”