When actress Priyanka Chopra Jonas moved to NYC to film the 2015 ABC thriller “Quantico,” her first stop was the iconic Plaza Hotel. She “spent several months” living the Eloise dream at the Plaza Hotel before finding an apartment, she told The Post. It started a love affair with iconic hotels like the Le Royal Monceau, Raffles Paris; the Savoy in London; and the Fairmont Century Plaza in Los Angeles. Now, Chopra Jonas — who has appeared in last year’s “The White Tiger” and “The Matrix Resurrections” — is prepping to do a lot more luxury hotel habitation thanks to a new dream role as the face of hospitality giant Accor’s new summer campaign, “It’s ALL Possible.” Accor has a portfolio of more than 5,300 properties across 40-plus brands including Fairmont, Raffles, the Plaza and the Orient Express. The campaign hopes to inject travel with a dose of Hollywood glamour to get people excited about globetrotting post-pandemic. The Los Angeles-based Chopra Jonas spoke to The Post about her latest role, her favorite places in New York and the destinations she can’t wait to visit — some for the first time and others, once again. The service, the food, the atmosphere — all of these matter, of course, but I would give complete priority to the service. I’m from Asia, and we have a strong culture of hospitality there. I lived in both Tribeca and the Upper East Side, and I have to say that I loved the neighborhood and residential feel of being uptown the most. The Plaza is obviously a special place for me given my time there. Then there’s Baccarat, the Mark, the Greenwich and Four Seasons Downtown. I like to experience different hotels. I love Cipriani for the great pastas and cocktails, and Temple Bar and the ABC restaurants. I’m an explorer, though, and love trying different places. If I’m not working, which I usually am, I wake up late — like 10 or 11 a.m. — and then wander around. I end up someplace for brunch, often Sona because I love dosas, and the restaurant does great ones. I go to the park with my dogs, get lost in the Strand and check out boutiques in Soho. I take in the diversity of the city. It’s about our group of friends hanging out and ordering awesome food. Or going out for a great meal. Maybe Polo Bar. I love the vibe there. Or maybe it’s seeing a Broadway show and discussing it afterwards over dinner. Goa, Rome and Los Angeles where I live are my favorites. I find peace in the community in LA and hiking with my dogs. I really want to start traveling for leisure again. I want to go to Venice and back to Turks and Caicos to feel the sand in my feet — then the South of France, Hawaii and back to Asia. I love Thailand and India, which is home. I haven’t been back in two years. If I’m going for work, I’m focused on the job and won’t see the city I’m in. For vacations, I make no plans or schedule because my life is a schedule with a call sheet and set times. Vacations need to be the opposite. I don’t pre-book tours and don’t want to be told when to go to dinner. I’ll see where the day takes me. My husband is my travel advisor! He’s really good at planning trips and he’s an experience guy. And I like experiencing.