Six buses carrying asylum-seeking immigrants from Texas have arrived in Washington, DC, since last week, Republican Gov. Greg Abbott’s office confirmed Monday. The latest bus arrived late Sunday night, hours after a fifth bus rolled into the nation’s capital. As with previous transports, the migrants were dropped off within sight of the US Capitol, near a building that houses the DC bureaus of Fox News and NBC News, as well as C-SPAN. It is unclear exactly how many immigrants have been bused to DC. The first bus, which arrived in Washington April 13, carried 24 migrants, while the second bus carried 14. A third bus, which arrived Friday, reportedly had around 30 migrants on board, while the fourth bus arriving Saturday carried fewer than 10. Abbott’s office has been slow to release exact numbers and has either declined to respond to requests for information about future transports or referred them to the Texas Division of Emergency Management. The immigrants must volunteer to get on the buses, as they are legally allowed to travel anywhere in the United States since they have cleared the first hurdle to seek asylum. Abbott announced he would send immigrants from Texas to DC during an April 6 press conference announcing measures the Lone Star State would take to secure the border. The measures are meant to address the unending waves of immigrants already arriving at the Texas-Mexico border, with more expected when the Title 42 health policy ends on May 23. Abbott, who is running for re-election, is not the only Texas politician to volunteer to transport immigrants to the nation’s capital. The mayor of Uvalde, a small town about an hour north of the border, told The Post about a similar plan last month. “I’d love to get them on a bus to Washington, DC, and let them see [in the capital] what we’re getting firsthand,” Mayor Don McLaughlin said March 31. “I hope it never comes to this, it’s not what I want to do, but if you’re going to start sending me 200 or 300 people a day, then I’m going to block Highway 90 from one side of town to the other and say, ‘Sorry, you can’t come through today,’ and bring national attention to it,” McLaughlin said. “Will I probably get arrested? Probably, but I’m going to bring national attention to it if that’s what I have to do.”