Former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows was removed from North Carolina’s voter rolls this week amid a state investigation into allegations that he committed voter fraud in the 2020 general election. Meadows — who has been accused of registering to vote and voting absentee using the address of a single-wide mobile home in Macon County, where there is no evidence he ever lived — was removed from the rolls on Monday, county Board of Elections Director Melanie Thibault confirmed to the Asheville Citizen Times on Tuesday. “What I found was that he was also registered in the state of Virginia,” Thibault told the outlet. “And he voted in a 2021 election. The last election he voted in Macon County was in 2020.” Thibault noted that when Meadows registered to vote in Virginia, he did not include information about his North Carolina registration. Therefore, Virginia election officials could not notify their North Carolina counterparts about the change. Thibault called the removal a normal practice under North Carolina General Statute 163-57, which states that if any person votes in an election in another state, county, municipality, precinct, ward, district or Washington, DC, “that person shall be considered to have lost residence in that State.” As of Tuesday, the North Carolina State Board of Elections had not received a “formal challenge” from an eligible voter in regard to Meadows’ registration, spokesperson Patrick Gannon said in a statement obtained by The Post. It is unclear whether Meadows has formally challenged his removal from the rolls. Angie Grube, a spokesperson for North Carolina’s State Bureau of Investigation, said an investigation is ongoing and information “will be shared with the prosecutor who will make a determination as to whether any additional persons could be subject to the investigation.” The State Bureau of Investigation did not immediately respond to The Post’s requests for comment. The investigation comes in the wake of a New Yorker report that revealed Meadows, a former North Carolina Republican congressman, registered to vote in the Tar Heel State about three weeks before the deadline to do so for the 2020 election and listed the mobile home as his address. According to the report, Meadows registered on Sept. 19, 2020, and listed his move-in date as the following day, Sept. 20. The report added that Meadows appears to not even have bothered with pretending to live at the mobile home, with one neighbor telling the magazine: “He did not come. He’s never spent a night in there. An adviser for Meadows declined to comment when contacted by The Post. Following the 2020 election, Meadows was a vocal supporter of former President Donald Trump’s claims that electoral fraud had cost him a second term. Amid the North Carolina investigation, Meadows also faces scrutiny by the House select committee investigating last year’s Capitol riot. In December, the committee voted unanimously to recommend the former chief of staff be held in contempt of Congress over his refusal to cooperate with subpoenas from the panel. Federal prosecutors have not yet brought charges against Meadows.