Forget Harry Potter’s cursed child and deathly hallows. Today the grown-up adult Daniel Radcliffe is with Sandra Bullock in “The Lost City.” No more wizard. Now an adult gent, he plays a heavy. Baddie dude. Very not nice. Radcliffe: “My character’s a not good guy. He makes people unhappy being chloroformed and taken places against their will.” Don’t wait for the laugh. The thing’s already in theaters. Extra information: Stunning Sandra is known to schmear hemorrhoid cream on her face. She learned the beauty secret filming something. What part she was photographing, this I don’t know. She’s said: “Bottom cream helps against wrinkles.” OK. Great. If you’re looking to get a close-up — lotsa luck. Another rear end exclusive. Ben Affleck’s this week fiancée — Lopez the well-known temp — hung a nude painting of herself in her home. Husbands ago In Touch Weekly reported this serial girlfriend’s behind looked “artistic and tasteful.” Disbelievers can ask around for confirmation. Dave Goodside of the Upper East Side’s Beach Cafe: “Some outdoor restaurant spaces have become atrocious. Dilapidated. Even homeless people move off. Neighborhood people can’t get through, can’t park, can’t sleep with noisy outside speakers especially when there’s young people. And food falling on the ground results in creatures creeping around. “There’s crime. And everything’s up in price. How much can my neighborhood place charge for a hamburger? At some point you don’t make money. I’m grateful to break even. And we make nothing on alcohol. Cabernet’s cheaper at a local liquor store. Only Mexican places with nachos, tacos and inexpensive alcohol, like margaritas, thrown in can you charge $25 a drink. “Takeout has cost. It’s big work. Containers, straws, napkins, $15 an hour delivery people that do maybe only three stops. We can’t absorb it all.” Comedian Tom Dreesen — Sinatra’s opening act for 14 years — will do his stand-up shtick tomorrow. Cipriani’s 42nd Street. National Italian American dinner. Also pushing his book “Still Standing.” Also eating at Patsy’s. Also saying, “I’m from Chicago, so big jokes about mob guys.” His last time in New York? “When the Cuomos were still in favor.” Marijuana, America’s new flavor, brings up Dennis Quaid. Busted for it at 16. “The roach wasn’t even mine. Someone left it in the ashtray. Me in costume from a community theater thing wearing green socks and plaid bloomers. Cops brought guys from the lockup just to laugh at me.” 1976 Neil Diamond arrested in LA for possession of marijuana. The arresting officer then asked him to autograph his Neil Diamond album. The book “Ozzy Unauthorized” reports one day Osbourne, after ingesting 90 acid tabs, swallowed another seven different drugs. Took eight days to come off it. Local T-shirt: “If it walks like a dog and barks like a dog — look out! Could be a cat in drag.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.