Ivanka Trump is voluntarily appearing before the House select committee investigating last year’s Capitol riot to give testimony, the panel’s chairman said Tuesday. Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.) told NBC News that the former first daughter appeared virtually and had been answering questions for several hours as of approximately 3 p.m.Thompson added that to his knowledge, Trump had not asserted any claim of privilege. NBC News had previously reported that she would appear. The former first daughter’s appearance comes just one week after the committee interviewed her husband, Jared Kushner, for more than six hours. On Sunday, committee member Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) described Kushner as “precise” in his responses to the panel, adding that he “didn’t volunteer anything.” “But he did answer questions, if he remembered the answers,” Lofgren told CNN. “So it was not a combative or a, you know, volatile exchange at all.” A committee spokesperson did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. The committee initially asked Trump to voluntarily appear in late January, highlighting her contact with her father on Jan. 6, 2021, as well as her observation of key communications between the 45th president and then-Vice President Mike Pence. “On January 6th, you were serving as Advisor [sic] to the President and head of the White House Office of Economic Initiatives and Entrepreneurship, and were present in the West Wing of the White House,” Thompson wrote to Trump at the time. “We write to request your voluntary cooperation with our investigation on a range of critical topics.” In his request, Thompson promised that the former senior adviser to her father would only be asked questions about issues related to Jan. 6, “activities that contributed to or influenced events” on that day, or her “role in the White House during that period.” While she did not reject the request to appear, a spokesperson for Trump did not confirm she would at the time. “Ivanka Trump just learned that the January 6 Committee issued a public letter asking her to appear,” the spokesperson said. “As the Committee already knows, Ivanka did not speak at the January 6 [ ‘Stop the Steal’] rally. As she publicly stated that day at 3:15pm, ‘any security breach or disrespect to our law enforcement is unacceptable. The violence must stop immediately. Please be peaceful.’” In February, reports emerged that Trump was in negotiations with the committee to appear. Representatives for Trump did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment.