A candidate for US Senate in Iowa cannot appear on June’s Democratic primary ballot after a judge ruled she didn’t have enough valid signatures on her nominating petition. Polk County District Judge Scott Beattie​ said late Sunday that Abby Finkenauer could not take part in the June 7 primary to determine which Democrat will face Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, who is seeking his eighth term. Beattie said Finkenauer failed to submit a petition with enough signatures after two Republicans challenged them. The ruling, which is expected to be appealed to the Iowa Supreme Court, overturned a 2-1 decision last month by the State Objection Panel — comprised of Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller and Auditor Bob Sand, both Democrats, and Secretary of State Paul Pate, a Republican — dismissing the GOP challenge. The judge said the state panel misinterpreted the law regarding signatures. ”The Court takes no joy in this conclusion,” ​Beattie wrote, according to the Des Moines Register. “This Court should not be in the position to make a difference in an election, and Ms. Finkenauer and her supporters should have a chance to advance her candidacy,” he added. “However, this Court’s job is to sit as a referee and apply the law without passion or prejudice. It is required to rule without consideration of the politics of the day​.” Finkenauer, like all US Senate candidates, was required by law to gather 3,500 signatures, including at least 100 signatures in each of at least 19 counties. Her campaign submitted more than 5,000 signatures and the state panel decided she barely met the requirement for the counties, garnering exactly 100 signatures from one county and 101 each from two other counties, according to the Gazette in Cedar Rapids. But Beattie found that three signatures did not include the date, leaving the candidate short of meeting the 19-county requirement. Finkenauer, who served one term in the US House of Representatives before being narrowly defeated by Republican Ashley Hinson in 2020, said she will appeal Beattie’s ruling. “Our campaign submitted more than 5,000 signatures, 1,500 more signatures than are required to qualify for the ballot. We are confident that we have met the requirements to be on the ballot​,” her campaign said in a statement. “​This misguided, midnight ruling is an outrageous and partisan gift to the Washington Republicans who orchestrated this meritless legal action. We are exploring all of our options to fight back hard against this meritless partisan attack, and to ensure that the voices of Iowans will be heard at the ballot box​,” the statement said. If Finkenauer appeals, the Iowa high court will have to rule by April 15 because that’s when the secretary of state’s office needs to finalize ballots so they can be printed and sent to Iowans serving in the military overseas. Currently, the only two Democratic primary candidates are retired Navy admiral and former Ted Kennedy aide Michael Franken and Iowa Democratic Party Rural Caucus Chairman Glenn Hurst. Grassley is being challenged in the Republican primary by state Sen. Jim Carlin. With Post wires