An older brother of the first suspect in the deadly Sacramento mass shooting was also arrested Tuesday — busted in the hospital bed where he is among a dozen recovering from gunshot wounds, police said. Smiley Martin — the 27-year-old brother of Dandrae Martin, 26 — was busted on charges including being in possession of a machine gun, the California force said of the mass shooting that killed six. He had been among those “located at the scene with serious injuries from gunfire and was transported to an area hospital for treatment,” police said. “Smiley Martin was quickly identified as a person of interest and has remained under the supervision of an officer at the hospital while his treatment continues,” the force said in a statement. He was arrested Tuesday and will be booked into Sacramento County Main Jail when his “medical care has been completed and he is determined to be fit for incarceration,” the statement said. Charges include possession of a firearm by a prohibited person and possession of a machine gun, the force said. While both Martin brothers have been named as suspects, neither has been charged with homicide. “The Sacramento County District Attorney’s Office will be reviewing all evidence to determine appropriate charges,” police stressed. The arrest came after SWAT officers and detectives served search warrants at three residences, seizing a handgun, the force said. More than 100 shots were fired early Sunday as hundreds lined the streets leaving clubs and bars in downtown Sacramento. Police were investigating whether the shooting was connected with a street fight that broke out just before gunfire erupted. Six were killed: three women, Johntaya Alexander, 21, Melinda Davis, 57, and Yamile Martinez-Andrade, 21, and three men, Sergio Harris, 38, Joshua Hoye-Lucchesi, 32, and De’vazia Turner, 29. They include a father of four, a young woman who wanted to be a social worker, a man described as the life of the party, and a woman who lived on the streets nearby and was looking for housing. At least four of the 12 others injured were left in critical condition. Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg read their names during a vigil Monday evening attended by grieving relatives, friends and community members. “So we gather here to remember the victims and to commit ourselves to doing all we can to ending the stain of violence, not only in our community but throughout the state, throughout the country, and throughout the world,” Steinberg said. Turner, who had three daughters and a son, was a “protector” who worked as the night manager at an inventory company, said his mother, Penelope Scott. “My son was walking down the street and somebody started shooting, and he got shot. Why is that to happen?” Scott said. “I feel like I’ve got a hole in my heart.” With Post wires