Here’s your chance to be a Connecticut yankee in Mark Twain’s court. The property where the famed “Huckleberry Finn” writer spent his final years now comes at a discount. In the Fairfield County town of Redding, a nearly 29-acre spread that Twain once called his own has cut its asking price by $300,000, The Post has confirmed. Listed in July 2021, the estate — known as “Stormfield” and named after his final published story, “Captain Stormfield’s Visit to Heaven” — first hit the market asking $4.2 million. Now available for $3.9 million, a new buyer can get a 6,300-square-foot main house with four to five bedrooms, three fireplaces and an elegant formal living room — as well as some real bragging rights. Twain, who was born Samuel Clemens, traveled extensively in Italy — and built his structure in the style of a Tuscan villa. He lived there from 1908 until his death in 1910, but what stands there today — at 30 Mark Twain Lane — isn’t the full original. A fire burned down Twain’s home in 1923, a number of years after he died. However, builders constructed a new residence in 1925 on the same foundation — and retained the original terraces, stone walls, stone pillars and gardens. Inside yellow-painted walls and under a red-tone roof, the main house most notably delivers that formal living room with a hand-painted coffered ceiling. That room — with a fireplace and space for a grand piano — adjoins a library with built-in wooden shelves. Elsewhere, the formal dining room looks out to the stone terrace through handsome glass doors. The eat-in kitchen, with a large island and enough room for a large table, has space for extra seating. Upstairs, some bedrooms come with fireplaces and, above that, an attic has room for additional lounging or gaming space. The manicured grounds, which adjoin a 161-acre land trust, also include a heated pool, a pool/carriage house, a garage with space for three cars and, on that second floor, a guest/staff retreat with two bedrooms, a bathroom, a living room and a kitchen. Laura Freed Ancona of William Pitt Sotheby’s International Realty has the listing.