A 14-year-old girl who police believe was an innocent bystander was shot in the neck when a gunman opened fire on two other teenagers in Queens on Wednesday, cops and law enforcement sources said. The shooter got out of one of two cars that pulled up alongside a group of people walking near 64-50 188 Street in Fresh Meadows and opened fire on two 18-year-old men at about 4:10 p.m., police and sources said. The girl was hit in the neck, one of the men was hit in the hip and the other was shot in the leg, sources said. None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening. The girl isn’t believed to have been an intended target, but the shooting is still under investigation, the sources added. The three victims were among a group of about a dozen people walking on the sidewalk before the shooting, police said. The 14-year-old was taken to Long Island Jewish Hospital in critical but stable condition, police said. Both men, who had initially fled to other locations after being shot, were taken to New York Presbyterian Queens, police said. They were also listed in stable condition. The vehicles fled the scene and no arrests were immediately made. Neighbor Ron, 53, said he heard arguing before the gunshots rang out. “I hear the yelling and the screaming: ‘Yo, I’m right here! I’m right here!’” he said. “Then pop, pop, pop, pop.” The victim was left “on her back, not moving,” he added. Antoine was driving by as he saw two groups of teenagers “arguing back and forth.” “I just saw the crowd and then the gunshots,” he said. “One of them had a BMW, the BMW was double parked while they were going at it and after that the BMW left the scene – I did not see but I heard the sound of the engine.” Vincent Hurtado, who lives a block away from the shooting, said he saw the terrified girl after the shooting. He had heard the shots ring out and told his kids to come inside, he told The Post. “I saw a lady outside a car and she was crying hysterical and she said, ‘Oh my God, a girl got shot,’” Hurtado, 47, said. “I saw her on the floor, she couldn’t move, she was in shock … her eyes were blinking, scared to death, I was on the phone looking at the girl calling 911. I told one of her friends to keep talking to her until the ambulance came.” But the girl wasn’t talking and looked as if she was “about to pass out,” he added. “This is the worst. I’ve seen shootings out here in New York but this takes the cake,” Hurtado said. “This has never happened here. I’ve been living here almost 40 years.”