Another day, another loss. After the Hurricanes took down the Islanders 5-2 on Sunday, it’s five straight defeats for the Isles, who look tired, disinterested and ready for the season to end. Lucky for them, they won’t have to wait long, though after slipping to 35-34-10, the dignity of a record above NHL-.500 is in some danger with three games remaining. Where Thursday’s loss to the Rangers was an abject embarrassment, and Saturday’s loss to Buffalo looked like the product of exhaustion, Sunday’s game merely seemed to pass the Islanders by. The crowd was light and disinterested. So too, for some stretches, was the home team. “We battled hard, they battled hard and the number of games that we have, I will say the tanks are a little low at times,” Islanders coach Barry Trotz said. After going into the final period tied at two, Max Domi broke the deadlock with 14:20 to go, scoring with a free look off Teuvo Teravainen’s feed from behind the Islanders net. The Islanders would have their chances to tie it up — particularly a power play at 8:50 of the period, plus a bit of time at six-on-five — but an empty-netter for Jesper Fast at 17:53 sealed the win for Carolina. Before the final horn sounded, Brendan Smith had added a second empty-netter to make it 5-2, and offer a final confirmation to any fan still in their seat that now was the time to leave. “The third period, I thought they raised their game a little bit,” Trotz said. “Our game didn’t have the pop that it did in the first two periods. That’s a combination of us and a combination of them, probably.” The Islanders did like how they played in the game’s first 40 minutes, though things started going downhill just 2:25 in. After a strong few opening shifts for the Islanders, Noah Dobson committed a heinous turnover in the Isles end, giving Derek Stepan a free look at net to make it 1-0. Seth Jarvis doubled Carolina’s lead at 8:09 of the first, getting to the front of the net unimpeded on the power play and taking advantage. Ross Johnston managed to get one back at 18:25 of the first, converting after Matt Martin whacked a loose puck in his direction toward the crease. That momentum proved key in the second period, when the Islanders came out with some energy and capitalized. Ryan Pulock tied the game at two with a power-play goal at 15:27 of the middle frame, uncorking a bullet of a wrist shot through Zach Parise’s screen. That goal came against backup netminder Pyotr Kochetkov, as the Hurricanes pulled Antti Raanta midway through the second after an apparent injury. “Well obviously I’d like to be playing for something more than we’re playing for at the moment but you still gotta put the jersey on every day and represent this franchise and play with pride,” Matt Martin said. “I don’t think we did a very good job of that two games prior, but we played a pretty good game today, just didn’t get the result.” The Islanders (or at least Islanders fans) can at least take a shred of solace in knowing that their loss hurts the Rangers. Carolina came into the day two points ahead of the Blueshirts in the Metropolitan Division and with the tiebreaker in hand, meaning that to win the division, the Rangers need them to drop points in at least two games this week. That wasn’t going to happen on Sunday. As a moment in time, this game was about as memorable as the drive up the Cross Island Parkway. Which is to say, forgettable — but with a decent soundtrack, you could salvage it. With just two home games left at UBS Arena and the Islanders’ last home win coming on April 12, though, you do have to wonder if Maxine Nightingale has been played here for the last time this season.