A former aide to Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-NC) is filing a complaint against the congressman, claiming she was improperly denied time off after two unexpected family medical emergencies, according to a leaked recording. Lisa Wiggins, a former caseworker and campaign worker for Cawthorn, alleged that she was denied leave after her uncle died and her husband had a heart attack in the same week. “What he’s done to me was illegal, morally wrong, you name it, it’s been done,” Wiggins said during a phone call to David Wheeler – the cofounder of the American Muckrakers PAC, also known as Fire Madison Cawthorn. A recording of the call was published online by SmokyMountain News. According to Wiggins, Cawthorn violated the Family and Medical Leave Act, which permits eligible employees to unpaid and job-protected leave for “specified family and medical reasons,” including the birth of a child and care of an employee’s spouse, child or parent with a serious health condition. Wiggins also accused Cawthorn of not caring for his constituents, saying it was nearly impossible to get a meeting with him “unless he’s trying to pull some votes and that’s the only way.” She went on to claim the Congressman’s office in Hendersonville, N.C. was filled with more liquor bottles than water bottles. According to Wiggins, that office was the only district office open after she closed the rest of them. “He didn’t have enough caseworkers to man them,” she said. “He didn’t care, he doesn’t care about his constituents. He does not care.” Cawthorn has been under scrutiny for several months over sexual assault or harassment allegations, as well as his recent claims that his colleagues regularly snort cocaine and throw orgies. “As far as the candidate himself, I mean, he’s just a bad person,” Wiggins said. “He’s a habitual liar and he’s going to say and do anything he can to your face, but behind your back he’s completely the opposite. There’s some good stories I have – a lot of good stories.” It is unclear if Wiggins had formally submitted the complaint as of Monday, and it is expected to be handled by the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights, executive assistant Glena DuPree told SmokyMountain News. As the complaint would be confidential after being filed, DuPree was unable to confirm or deny the existence of it. Cawthorn will be facing off against seven other candidates in the May 17 Republican primary to represent the district in this fall’s midterm elections, and at least one of his fellow lawmakers – Sen. Thom Tillis (R-NC) – has backed one of Cawthorn’s primary challengers. “Unfortunately, Madison Cawthorn has fallen well short of the most basic standards Western North Carolina expects from their representatives, and voters now have several well-qualified candidates to choose from who would be a significant improvement,” Tillis said late last month. “I believe [state Sen.] Chuck Edwards is the best choice,” he added, saying that Edwards “puts his constituents first” and is a “hardworking conservative leader.” In the leaked recording, Wiggins said the “ultimate goal” is to get Cawthorn out of office. “I’m working harder here than I did for his campaign two years ago, and I mean, I worked really hard two years ago,” she said. Cawthorn’s office blasted the allegations as “verifiably false,” telling The Post, “The individual spreading these disgusting allegations is currently working for a primary opponent of Congressman Cawthorn.” “We believe these comments potentially amount to defamation of character, and are exploring options to ensure the Congressman’s name emerges from these slanderous remarks unscathed,” communications director Luke Ball said.