Through nine innings of no-hit baseball Friday that included five different pitchers throwing a combined 159 pitches, there was one constant for the Mets. The man behind the plate. James McCann kept calling the right pitches at the right time and working with those different arms adeptly, helping them navigate the dangerous Phillies lineup to complete the franchise’s second no-hitter. “I take a lot of pride in it,” he said after the Mets’ historic 3-0 win in front of 32,416 thrilled fans at Citi Field. “With one guy, you’re on the same page all night. Trying to get on the same page with a lot of guys, it’s definitely special to share it with so many people.” Later, he added: “It’s something that will be in history forever.” It was the second no-hitter McCann has been a part of in his nine-year big league career, and this was vastly different from the first one. That no-no was thrown on Aug. 25, 2020, by one pitcher, Lucas Giolito, in front of no fans at Guaranteed Rate Field during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. In this masterpiece, the 17th combined no-hitter in MLB history, starter Tylor Megill lasted just five innings. Four relievers — Drew Smith, Joely Rodriguez, Seth Lugo and Edwin Diaz — followed. The results were all the same: Zero hits against a batting order featuring the likes of Bryce Harper, Nick Castellanos and J.T. Realmuto. And there were fans in the stands this time, over 30,000 of them pulling hard to see the Mets throw the unorthodox no-hitter against one of their chief rivals, exploding in the final innings with every out that was recorded. “Shutting down a lineup like that, some big-time hitters, you can’t say enough good things about these guys making their pitches tonight,” McCann said. “Shoot, a shutout is special, but a no-hitter against that lineup, that’s really special.” McCann didn’t notice the no-hitter until the sixth inning, and the Mets had gone through the Phillies’ lineup twice without allowing a hit. Of the four relievers, only Diaz was aware there was a no-hitter prior to delivering his first pitch. “I sure as heck wasn’t going to say anything when these guys came in or tell them,” McCann said. That decision clearly worked out for the Mets. Their catcher was in complete control Friday night, and the pitchers followed his lead.