It’s an absolutely jam-packed day of sports Thursday, but a few games are attracting the most meaningful betting attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified one NBA side, one NBA total, and one NHL moneyline that satisfies a majority of the above factors. So before placing those bets, consider these three options as (potentially) more profitable. Odds provided by PointsBet The Bucks opened as six-point favorites against the Celtics, who are playing on the second night of a back-to-back. However, we’ve tracked sharp action that has since seen the hosts’ spread rise to six-and-a-half. Plus, big money bets are showing for the reigning NBA champions. As of this writing, the Bucks have seen only 32 percent of all spread bets, but 69 percent of the overall handle. That qualifies the Bucks as one of only two NBA sides today that have under 50 percent of bets but more than 50 percent of the money. Finally, those percentages trigger an Action Network PRO system in favor of the Bucks, who defeated the Celtics 117-113 in the last meeting in Milwaukee. The “NBA Tickets vs. Money” system that triggers, though, looks at teams with under 50 percent spread bets and at least a nine percent difference between that number and the money percentage. Overall, that system has a 53 percent historical win rate and a four percent return on investment. Odds provided by BetMGM The Lakers have officially been eliminated from playoff contention and go head-to-head with the Warriors tonight. The Lakers are actually receiving a few signals on its spread (+12.5), but bettors are really gravitating toward the under here. We’ve tracked sharp action that has driven the total down from 224 at the opening as well as some big money bets on the under. At this writing, the under has received 31 percent of bets against 63 percent of the money. Finally, there’s one PRO system recommending the under tonight. The “Platinum Reverse Line Movement Unders” looks at divisional NBA games with under percentages between 0 and 40 percent. Overall, that system has. a 57 percent historical win rate and 12 percent return on investment.  Odds provided by DraftKings We’ve actually seen a flip of favorites in this divisional matchup as the Rangers opened as -120 favorites. However, we’ve tracked sharp action that’s come in on the Penguins to drive its price up to the current number. Additionally, big money has been shown for the visitors as well. Overall, the Penguins have received 51 percent of all moneyline bets, but have simultaneously seen 93 percent of the money. Finally, one top NHL betting expert is backing the Penguins tonight, rounding out the three signals on Sidney Crosby and company tonight at Madison Square Garden.