New York Attorney General Letitia James asked a judge Thursday to hold Donald Trump in contempt, claiming he is refusing to comply with an order to turn over documents in her probe of his company’s business dealings. James also requested that Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Arthur Engoron fine the former president $10,000 for each day he allegedly fails to respect the ruling. Trump was ordered by a judge in February to comply with subpoenas for documents, but James’ office says that rather than meet the March 31 deadline, he instead raised new objections. “The ship has long since sailed on Mr. Trump’s ability to raise any such objections,” AG lawyers said in papers filed in Manhattan Supreme Court Thursday. “Mr. Trump’s purported ‘response’ violates the court’s order; it is not full compliance, or any degree of compliance, but simply more delay and obfuscation,” the filing alleges. “Mr. Trump should now be held in civil contempt and fined in an amount sufficient to coerce his compliance with the court’s order and compensate [The Office of the Attorney General] for its fees and costs associated with this motion.” In a statement, James said the judge’s order for Trump to comply with her office’s subpoena and hand over relevant documents had been “crystal clear.” “Instead of obeying a court order, Mr. Trump is trying to evade it,” she said. “We are seeking the court’s immediate intervention because no one is above the law.” James opened an investigation into the Trump Organization in 2019 following Congressional testimony from Trump’s former personal lawyer Michael Cohen that he had exaggerated company assets to get an edge on taxes, loans and insurance. She then filed suit against the company and Eric Trump, alleging that they were stonewalling her probe. James’ office has since added Trump and two of his other children, Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr., to the case seeking documents and testimony from them. The family trio is currently appealing an order forcing them to be deposed by her office. Trump’s lawyer Alina Habba said, “We are prepared to adamantly oppose the frivolous and baseless motion filed by the Attorney General’s office today. “Our client has consistently complied with the many discovery requests served by the Attorney General’s office over the years.” The former president also issued a lengthy statement, blasting James’ probe as a “witch hunt” and accusing her of serving as “an operative for the Democrat Party in a political prosecution.” “This Democrat prosecutorial misconduct began the second I came down the escalator in Trump Tower, and has continued in an attempt to silence a President who is leading in every single poll,” Donald Trump said. “Never before has this happened to another President, and it is an absolute violation of my civil rights.”