Weeds can spring up in your garden from out of nowhere. They can be a pain to get rid of and seem to always come back in no time. Luckily, the pros at Gardening Express have revealed some of the drinks that keen gardeners can use as fertilizers and weed killers. The common drinks should only be used in moderation though, overdoing it could permanently damage your plants. Chris Bonnett, founder of Gardening Express, said: “People might be surprised to hear that a lot of household drinks can actually be used in their gardens and on their plants. “If you have some spare or flat coca-cola this is a great alternative to weed killers and some drinks like milk and tea actually work as fertilizers.” The delicious drinks aren’t as strong as professional weed killers, but they are a great option if you want to be kind er to the environment “A lot of these techniques are best off being used in moderation,” the gardening whizz explained. “For example adding too much orange juice and milk could potentially do more harm to your plants than good and could result in killing them if overused.” The drinks that can be used include: You probably wouldn’t consider spritzing your garden with this beverage, but it can actually be used as pesticide. It can work well on indoor plants too, next time you fancy a shot of the strong stuff, give your flower bouquet one too. The liquid can kill bacteria and will ensure your blooms stay healthy. Cola is another great alternative for harsh chemical weed killers. But the pros say it can also be used in your compost pile, since the sugars provide a natural boost. This drink isn’t just good for our bodies, but has a whole host of benefits for plants too. Since green tea leaves are high in nitrogen they can enrich garden plants while also banishing annoying pests. This fruity beverage can be used as a fertilizer, but only in moderation. The high acidity means that adding too much could kill your plants, so be sure to only add a few tablespoons at a time. Milk is high in vitamin B and calcium which are both great for plant growth. In the same way the drink can help humans grow, plants will have similar benefits. For the best results spray it over your plants, but only in moderation. Similar to cola, the acid and sugar in this fizzy treat can help prevent bacteria. Meaning that adding a dash to your plants can extend its lifespan and keep them looking fresher for longer. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.