This optical illusion can reveal how traditional you are. There are two images hidden in this silhouette and the one you see first can be very revealing. You could see either an elephant or a village with huts, trees and birds. Those who see the village in the optical illusion first are more traditional. They prefer calmness and a peaceful, simple way of life instead of the buzz of a city. And those who see the elephant first are loyal and respectful of their friends and family. They are a great listener as well as friendly, thoughtful and considerate. They are well-liked and respected. Another optical illusion claims to reveal lots about your friendships and how you see the world. The blue scene shows either a girl in Paris or the face of a girl. Depending on which one you see first shows whether you are realistic and easy to work with, or if you are great at grasping the bigger picture. Another illusion can tell you if you are selfish. It can also tell if you if are a good organiser and leader, or if you are interested in others and want to help them. A third optical illusion that’s gone viral is said to be able to tell if you’re a hopeless romantic or a good friend with a shoulder to cry on. A popular TikTok account shared the striking image, which left countless commenters reeling when they learned the emotional implications of what they saw. The poster, who goes by ItsMeFuzz, shared the optical illusion that rapidly racked up over 400k views and a sea of comments. He explained the meaning behind the illusion’s hidden images in a clip. “If you actually saw the two cats first, this means you have a very strong passion for romance,” the content creator explained. He added that if the cats were immediately obvious to you, it’s likely you also have “a very strong connection with all your family members”. “If you ended up seeing the whole dog head first,” the TikTok star continued, “you’re overall a very helpful person.” “You’re a very good shoulder to cry on for a close friend,” he added. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.