This is what the Nets have wanted for a while, going all the way back to the kickoff of the NBA’s transaction season almost three years ago. The Nets have been an awfully good team on spec for an awfully long time, but Sunday in Boston, they get to do it for real. They get to do it for keeps. They didn’t build this super-team from within and without to dominate the regular season. Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant came here with one hope in mind: win an NBA championship, and do it together. Do it in the virgin basketball territory of Brooklyn, the NBA’s secondary New York market, but for at least the next few weeks the capital of the sport — both spiritually and literally. The Knicks are not around to throw shade on their neighbors to the East. Kevin Durant is the alpha dog. Kyrie Irving will provide the comic relief when he undoubtedly takes the floor to full-blooded Boston derision. But it’s Durant who will be the on mark and Durant who will be the focus of everyone’s attention. No. 11 will do some amazing things this series, but it will be No. 7 — Durant — who you won’t be able to keep your attention off. “Kevin Durant is a guy who can take you out of whatever you want to do defensively,” Celtics coach Ime Udoka said. “But he’s going to make tough shots, and you have to be willing to live with that. Like any great player, you have to throw different looks at him to try to get him off balance.” A year ago, when these teams met in the Eastern Conference first round, Boston was limping toward the end of a new phase. In some ways, it’s hard to believe they have rectified themselves so quickly, and so completely. Essentially, what the Nets did last year — taking care of business against a team that’s probably better than its seed — is what the Celtics attempt to do now. And Irving needs to hope the histrionics he inspires will be a little less over the top. “I don’t want to focus on anything other than what’s going on with our team, don’t want to focus on the fans, don’t want to focus on any extra stuff outside of my control,” he said. “The environment is going to be the environment. “[We’ve seen] guys go to different arenas, and no matter how many times you play there, the fans are going to treat them like whatever. Whether they played there, whether they injured a player, whether something went back-and-forth with the crowd. … So giving the energy to what the fans are doing, that’s not where my attention is.” It had better be. It needs to be. Kyrie will be Roger Clemens walking back into Fenway Park on Sunday. Time has passed and Clemens has done wonderful things, but they never let him forget in Fenway Park who was the turncoat. And that won’t happen at TD Garden, either. The Mount Rushmore of my childhood: Tom Seaver, Joe Namath, Julius Erving and Mike Bossy. Godspeed, No. 22. You were a wonder to behold. /lin The Mets are naming the Citi Field press box in honor of Jay Horwitz on Sunday, which in itself is joyful news for all the folks who’ve been touched by Jay’s humanity and good humor through the years. Even better? How profoundly we all know the honor will warm Jay’s huge heart. You’d think that one of these days Aroldis Chapman is simply due for an easy 1-2-3. Count me down as someone who wants the NHL to adopt the play-in rule. Howard Rotblatt: When my friends and I were about 14, there were three important issues we often debated: Betty or Veronica, Ginger or Mary Ann, and Nancy Seaver or Ruth Ryan. Between Nancy Seaver and Ruth Ryan, most of us went with Nancy Seaver. I still think it was the right choice. Vac: I’d say you could’ve declared that a win-win. Richard Siegelman: Steve Nash may call Ben Simmons a “franchise cornerstone” (“an indispensable and fundamental part of”), but a cornerstone is also a very heavy stone that can drag down anything it is attached to. Vac: That’s some food for thought right there. @Nick_4_4_2: Tom Seaver, Dwight Gooden, Darryl Strawberry and Jacob deGrom have all been MVPs. I don’t care what the “voters” said. Vac: Strawberry in 1988 is the one that should eternally gall Mets fans. Jerry Chiappetta: Although a lifelong Dodgers fan, I always appreciated Seaver’s greatness. He was a credit to the game, and I dare say some of today’s prima donnas should follow his example. And the other two guys (Jerry Koosman, Jon Matlack) weren’t bad either. Where has the time gone? Vac: You heard that an awful lot Friday afternoon.