We love spring for many reasons: finally setting up our outdoor patio furniture, wearing white dresses galore and enjoying the warmer temps. We also adore spring for the sales — specifically J.Crew’s Big Spring Event, which is in full-bloom right now. Use the promo code SPRING at checkout to reap the benefits. For a limited time, the classic retailer with a preppy lean is offering 30% off its entire selections (yep, that includes sale pieces). From men’s shorts to women’s spring jackets, J.Crew is a premier spot for all the cutting-edge classics (and, there’s no surprise we absolutely love all of its pieces). Ahead, find our favorite picks from J.Crew’s Spring Sale (its limited-edition Liberty home collection included). While we’re celebrating the warmer weather, we’re also cherishing all the discounts. Click here to shop directly on the J. Crew website by a specific category: How poised is this Relaxed-Fit Short-Sleeve Linen Shirt? Available in a palette of pastels, it’s the perfect casual-wear piece to pair with your favorite shorts and fine jewelry. Plus, the draped sleeves are a nice touch. This J.Crew guide would be incomplete without a mention of a timeless button-down. Specifically, this best-selling Organic Cotton Three-Pocket Camp-Collar Shirt is less than $75 right now and perfect for being comfortable and put-together. For girls’ fashion, we’re all about the florals. This puff-sleeve top is simply precious, whether for school or play. Not to mention, it’s made of 100% cotton. For boys, these best-selling Stretch Stanton Shorts make us, as adults, all swoon. Ideal for the warmer months, they’re picture-perfect for school, evening dinners and family reunions alike. We owe much to the humble Greek-inspired sandals for being an essential footwear pair to sport in the hotter temps. Now, J.Crew’s Sorrento Lace-Up Gladiator Sandals are less than $100 and come in a few colors for you to choose from. Meet the Liberty x J.Crew collection — a new launch that’s making us want to fork up our paychecks. Sleep in style with the cutest florals imaginable, with its wide variety of offerings customizable for your bed size. If there’s anything we like slipping on (for work or brunch), it’s a loose, flowy dress (much like our favorite Easter dresses and Amazon dresses less than $50). This tiered, spaghetti strap dress brings us pure delight (especially for more than $50 off). Chinos, chinos, chinos! We’re in awe of how J.Crew’s 484 Slim-Fit Chino Pant has developed a cult-following, namely for its comfy, classic style and match-all approach. Now, you can snag a pair (or a few; the color selection is vast) for just $56. Elevate your style with a primmed-and-proper spring jacket. Leaning more toward a denim jacket style, this lightweight outerwear piece is fabulous for running errands in (or, for doing pretty much anything). Great to pair with your go-to cocktail dress for weddings and parties, J.Crew’s comfortable Lucie Slingback Block-Heel Sandals are the quality version to the versatile shoe you’ve been eyeing. We love the black, but its nude and other neutrals are just as riveting. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.