This guy’s job hunt got off to a bumpy start. Jacques Paul, 27, admittedly “freaked out” when, after fastidiously editing his résumé to suit the employment criteria for his “dream job,” he accidentally attached a copy of his sexually transmitted disease test results to his application rather than his professional cover letter. “I’d just got my PDF [of my STD results] downloaded, and I was all negative, thankfully,” Paul, from the London borough of Haringey, explained to SWNS. After receiving the good news, Paul, during the height of the pandemic in 2020, applied to his ideal job. But unfortunately, he mistook his digital medical report for his professional paperwork. “Then I accidentally attached it to the job application and sent it in,” he said. Paul — who’s now gainfully employed, and is finally able to laugh about his oversharing misstep — virally shared his job hunt blunder on TikTok, raking in a whopping 1.2 million views from commiserative spectators. In the closed captions of his popular post, he emphasized that the gig was his “dream job” at his “dream company.” However, in a follow-up clip, shared Wednesday, Paul admitted that his chronic ADHD disorder inhibited him from giving the employment application his full attention. “I was applying for this job while listening to music, checking the news, I was looking at COVID rates and doing something else on the side,” he told SWNS, claiming, however, that he had spent hours proofreading his CV for spelling errors before virtually filing it with the company’s human resources department. “I was multitasking.” And shortly after he confidently tendered his bid for the position, Paul decided to double-check his application status via the organization’s website. “You get an email confirmation of your application, and it said to log in to see the status, which I did. I wanted to make sure everything was OK,” said Paul. “Then I saw the PDF of the STD results and freaked out.” And he couldn’t believe that he’d made such a massive missive mistake. “I put a lot of thought and time into applying for this. You have to make sure your CV is adjusted,” he groaned. “You write the cover letter, I proofread everything then f – – ked up at the end by uploading the wrong thing.” And there was nothing he could do to fix his filing faux pas. “I couldn’t change the application and the only email that was [on the website] was IT support. I wasn’t going to make it a bigger deal than it already was,” Paul recalled. “I freaked out and just waited hoping there was a very nice, sensible human on the other side seeing it and knowing it was an honest mistake, and they’d reach out for the actual cover letter.” But, alas, no such communication would take place between Paul and his prospective employers. “Within 72 hours I got a standard message saying they weren’t proceeding with the application,” he lamented. “I figured I could follow up and ask for feedback, but I think I knew what it was,” he added. “It looked like I was submitting my application and saying, ‘And here’s another good thing about me — I don’t have any STDs.’ ” Although the pursuit of his dream role turned into a bit of a nightmare, Paul says that sharing his slip-up on social media has aided in the movement toward diminishing the oft-overwhelming stresses of job hunting. “On TikTok, it’s a mix of comments,” Paul said of the varying online reactions to his saga. “A lot of people are saying they work in HR, and it shows that you care about others, whereas others are saying, ‘This is great because it makes me less anxious about a spelling mistake.’ ” He added, “That’s the beauty of this — it went viral. It was an honest mistake, but people are feeling a personal connection to it because it destigmatizes any mistakes you might make. It resonates with people.” And, Paul noted, publicizing his business boo-boo also prompted an important dialogue about the importance of sexual health screening. “The reason I decided to share this is it’s a funny story, but it’s very important to destigmatize sexual health and really get people to test themselves, take care of themselves and not have it be such a taboo,” he explained. “It starts a conversation. A million people have seen me talking about sexual health.” A handful of those who have made similar mistakes even found solace in his shameless cyber candor. “Omg this makes me so much better about starting mine with a typo. Thank you, you’re doing God’s work,” exclaimed one of his 31,700 TikTok followers. Others, however, cheekily confessed that they wouldn’t have survived an error of this magnitude. “Haha I would simply need to move to another country,” teased one commentator. “I would have simply passed away,” joked another. And a seemingly merciful HR worker penned what their response would have been if they had accidentally been faced with Paul’s private paperwork. “Applicant displays impressive ability to be proactive in preventative care,” the corporate-minded commenter wrote, affirmatively. “Hired b – – – h.”