A financial-savvy porn star is using her assets to inspire male fans to start investing responsibly and stop blowing their hard-earned cash on crypto and NFTs in X-rated videos. Cherie DeVille, otherwise known as “the internet’s favorite stepmom”, is staging a pornographic protest against the crypto-babble, likening celebrity-backed coins and Bored Ape NFTs to digital “Ponzi scams.” The 43-year-old told The US Sun she was inspired into action after growing concerned at the ways her male peers were talking about investments and hedging vast sums of money into perceived get-rich-quick crypto schemes instead of index funds, IRAs, and other more stable and long-term investment strategies. “Especially since COVID a lot of my friends and younger colleagues on set tell me they’re investing in meme stocks or Gamestop or whatever they’re being told on Reddit, saying ‘this is amazing’ and putting all of what would be their investment money into things I personally consider gambling,” Cherie said. “I don’t have a problem with gambling,” she added. “But these people need to understand they’re gambling with this money. “I think the big disconnect is that a lot of these people – especially young men because none of my female friends are doing this – they think they’re investing in their future but they really aren’t.” Cherie, a former physical therapist with no formal financial training, said she started learning about investments from a young age and grew up watching financial guru Suze Orman on TV. It’s through Orman that Cherie said she learned to start planning for her retirement as early as possible. So, in her latest adult installment, released on April 18, she decided to pay homage to her hero adviser by assuming the role of Suze Whoreman, a leather-wearing investment advice counselor who punishes a young man for his irresponsible investment decisions. In the film, an exasperated wife, played by Alison Ray, seeks professional help after her partner (Michael Vegas) blew all other money on NFTs and other “stupid meme stock he saw on social media.” After some erroneous Googling, she contacts Suzanne Whoreman, mistaking her for Orman, and sets up an appointment. During the couple’s consultation with a leather-clad Whoreman, she tells them her methods are “100% guaranteed – especially with irresponsible men.” At first, the husband rolls his eyes at Whoreman’s suggestions so the two women deploy erotic Pavlovian methods to seduce the man into compliance. “Have you ever considered a Roth IRA?” DeVille moans during one scene. “If you start investing now when you’re young. Oh, God. You’re going to get so much by the time you retire.” After Whoreman’s sexual seminar reaches completion, the husband is totally convinced to start addressing his finances and building a balanced portfolio. Explaining the film’s message, Cherie told The US Sun with a laugh: “Well I feel it’s kind of like Pavlov’s dog, right? “Like whoever is watching this is jerking off and they’re happy. They have endorphins everywhere and they’re like, maybe subconsciously every time they hear about an IRA from now on their d**k will get hard. Like ‘I want this IRA so bad’. “I’m being subconsciously sneaky,” she added. “But I’m going to get that information across one way or the other let me tell you.” Cherie, who has been in the adult entertainment industry for the last 12 years, is in the top 0.3% of OnlyFans performers, earning a reported $1 million per year from her explicit ventures. This is the first time she has mixed personal activism with porn but said she believes the medium has the potential to be an educational platform moving forward. “As a pornographer, because of pretty significant social stigmas, if I go on a talk show or start talking to people about tax and investments, it doesn’t matter how knowledgable I am, people are not going to take me seriously because of the work I do,” she said. “So I decided since I wanted to get this message out, the best way to do it was to use the medium I’m already using, which is pornography.” Cherie, who dabbles in Bitcoin, said her main reason for making the film was because it was “breaking” her heart to see so many 20-somethings putting their money into crypto or NFTs and “really believing in their hearts that this was going to be their way to invest into their retirements.” She said there is a common misconception that cryptos and NFTs are an easy way out of saving for retirement or a “secret backdoor” to becoming rich overnight. While that may be true for a small number of investors, that won’t be true for the vast majority. “There is no secret to getting rich quick or building for your future. It’s just really making a budget, sticking to your budget, and having a plan for what lifestyle you want to be living at 60 and 70, or 80 and 90. “But that’s boring as hell, right? Wouldn’t it be nicer to just buy one panda NFT and retire on your yacht? “Like yes, that would be nicer than scrimping, saving, budgeting, and doing all this but that just isn’t going to happen, except for a lucky few.” Among her own friends and peers, Cherie says it appears that it’s only her male counterparts who seemed to be obsessed with crypto and NFTs, calling the obsession “cult-like.” Statistics back up Cherie’s observations; crypto has one of the largest gender gaps in the financial world, with more than twice as many men purchasing the digital currency than women. According to a poll by CNBC and Acorn, around 16 percent of men have investments in crypto compared to just seven percent of women. And according to the American Psychological Association, men are far more prone to gamble or take higher-stakes risks than women are. “It’s almost cult-like,” Cherie said. “When you go on crypto investment sites like Discord they discourage or censor people from asking questions or raising concerns about new coins of NFTs – and that prevents people from being properly informed before they make an investment. “There is no space for conversation, which actually makes sense because I think that if a conversation and intelligent conversation were to occur, the holes in this plan would become incredibly obvious and nobody would invest. “And if you try to gently question, you’re immediately hit back with patronizing comments, like ‘educate yourself, do your research’ – and that’s concerning to me.” Cherie said the initial response to her new film has been positive, and she hopes the X-rated venture helps to start informative conversations about investments and the potential dangers of hedging all your bets in crypto and NFTs. “I think anytime I can get more eyeballs, different eyeballs on that kind of work, or even start an angry conversation on crypto, then maybe one person will look at it and go, ‘maybe I won’t do this and I’ll go for something safer.’ “I’m hoping that it saves a few people and also makes people think about their investments early. “Even if I can convince a few people to start investing appropriately in their 20s it is going to change their lives. “It is going to change their retirement it is going to change how long they have to grind at whatever job they’re grinding at. “And to me, that’s like a huge f**king win.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.