The prolific burglar who thinks bail reform is “great” is a free man once again after he was busted for breaking into yet another Big Apple business, The Post has learned. Charles Wold, 57, was cuffed on Thursday on felony burglary raps for breaking into Jessie’s Express Cafe in Midtown, Manhattan and stealing their cash register on Dec. 21, court records show. During his arraignment Friday afternoon, prosecutors from the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office asked a judge to hold Wold on a $30,000 bail, citing four open felony cases he has for the same crimes but the justice declined and released him on his own recognizance instead. The Brooklyn native, who has at least 32 prior arrests for burglary and theft dating back to 1983, admitted to The Post in an exclusive interview in January that he steals because he’s a long time heroin addict and said jail doesn’t work for him, he needs rehabilitation. “I’m grateful for [bail reform] because I’m too old to go to jail, I’m way too old, I can’t do it,” said Wold in January. “Rikers Island is not the key, you know what I’m saying? I’ve been in jail all my life, I can do that standing on my head, it’s not teaching me anything, I can get more drugs in there than I can out here.” Wold could not be reached for comment Friday. In three of Wold’s most recent cases, he was granted supervised release because the raps weren’t eligible for cash bail but on January 12, he was indicted for a slew of burglaries in Brooklyn and was finally held in custody until he paid the bond and was sprung. On Dec. 5 last year, he’s accused of breaking into Tava restaurant in Park Slope and taking money from a lock box — just over a week after a judge was forced to spring him on felony burglary raps in another case because he couldn’t set bail on the charges. Wold also allegedly burglarized a Just Salad eatery on Seventh Avenue on Christmas Day, swiping money from the cash register, and then two days later, did the same thing at 390 Social restaurant. “He confessed to [robbing our business] but said we asked him to come in and do repairs,” Dana Morrissey, 390 Social’s owner whose other area businesses have been robbed four times in less than a month, previously told The Post. The alleged 390 Social burglary came hours after Wold was released from custody in a Nov. 1 incident in which he broke into a Manhattan Italian restaurant, Sola Pastabar, to steal cash. That case is among 10 alleged burglaries across Brooklyn and Manhattan that Wold is charged in over the course of three months last year — some even happening on the same day, according to court records. They include another bust from Dec. 5 in which Wold allegedly pocketed money from the cash register after breaking into Artisan Barber Shop, court filings say. “What’s the magic number of burglaries that need to occur before we realize catch and release isn’t working here and take him off the streets? Twenty-five times? Thirty times?” Morrissey railed. “No one I talk to about this situation can believe this is where we are on crime in New York City. I hope they do the right thing today and hold him on bail. Additional reporting by Elizabeth Rosner