As Joe Biden’s Hindenburg of a presidency continues its fiery descent into historically low popularity, the whiz kids at the White House think they have a solution. Their answer, amazingly, seems to be to double down on their cavalcade of failed policies and get Mumbly Joe out in front of the American people more. That’s right, the man who rode to the presidency hiding in his basement is supposed to electrify voters and save the Democrats in the midterm. But the headwinds faced by the party of Jefferson and Jackson are not stylistic. This isn’t a messaging problem, its a policy problem. It’s several policy problems. Take education. At a time when Republicans are having electoral success taking aim at critical race theory and gender ideology in our schools, the White House’s answer is to say that none of it is even happening, a demonstrable lie to almost everyone with a kid in a public school. All of this while Biden is telling teachers they, not parents, should decide what kids learn: “They are not somebody else’s children. They’re like yours when they’re in the classroom.” Just utterly erasing the influence of outraged suburban moms who are flocking to the GOP. Let’s just pretend Republican Glenn Youngkin was elected governor of Virginia for this exact reason. On the economy, inflation is so high that a trip to the grocery store almost requires taking out a second mortgage. Biden’s answer: To that is to spend and print more money, which is obviously how we got here in the first place. Meanwhile the Gross Domestic Product is in the red by 1.4% all while the president pretends he’s doing a fantastic job with his American comeback. In addressing this stark decline in the economy the president blamed “technical factors.” Technical factors? This is meaningless gibberish at a time when Americans are financially suffering. Another move the Democrats are pondering, which seems designed specifically to piss off every American without a college education, is the forgiveness of student loan debt. Every plumber who decided not to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars for a degree in Gender Studies would pony up to pay the tab for those who did. Down on the border, to the extent we even have a border, the administration wants to abandon Title 42, the last vestige of Donald Trump’s effective policies, and throw open the gates to illegal migrants, gang members, terrorists, and deadly drugs. Despite poll after poll showing people want a stronger border, Biden’s “plan” is to make it easier to transfer illegal immigrants around the country. The list of bad issues for Biden is a CVS receipt of crime, rising gas prices and hapless foreign policy — and that doesn’t even include his constant gaffes and the White House having to walk back every other thing that comes out of the president’s mouth. It honestly seems as though the Democrats want to lose. How else is there to explain their absolute refusal to pivot on anything? They are like a blackjack player raising the bet when they already busted. There have been no firings or resignations, not a single significant policy shift on anything, the polls are in the tank and the Democrats want to send Joe Biden all across the country to say, actually, I’m doing great! Maybe they have already thrown in the midterm towel in anticipation of a mighty red wave. Maybe they have admitted to themselves that Biden’s reelection prospects are dimmer than dusk. Maybe they really think the best thing they can do is fill up their remaining months in power with their woebegotten wish list of progressive priorities and the wishes of the American people be damned. If the White House made adjustments to any of the parade of policy nightmares listed above they might catch a spark, they might create some energy and support. But they won’t, and so the slow motion car wreck continues apace. The only polling and electoral question left is how low can they go? At this rate, they are far, far from the bottom. David Marcus is a Brooklyn-based columnist and author of “Charade: The Covid Lies That Crushed a Nation.”