The NFL draft is just over a week away and the projections of who will go where are still changing. Jets general manager Joe Douglas, has been building toward this draft for two years. He shipped away Jamal Adams and Sam Darnold in trades that brought back picks in the draft this year. It’s time for him to turn those picks into players. We used the Pro Football Focus mock draft simulator to help us out and here is what we came up with for the Jets’ 2022 draft: Previous Picks: CB Ahmad Gardner, Cincinnati; Edge Travon Walker, Georgia The first three picks were Aidan Hutchinson, Kyle Hamilton and Derek Stingley. Douglas certainly could choose to pick his highest-rated edge rusher here, but will he be able to pass up Ekwonu, who might be the best player in the draft? There is not an obvious spot for Ekwonu on the Jets’ starting offensive line, but Douglas loves linemen and could see this as a chance to add a top player now and let the coaches sort out where he plays later. Trade: Jets send pick No. 10 to the Vikings in exchange for picks 12 and 77 (third round) We were willing to move down two spots in order to add another second-day pick. This draft is loaded in the middle rounds and we want to take advantage of it. Previous Picks: Edge George Karlaftis, Purdue; WR Garrett Wilson, Ohio State Top wide receivers Garrett Wilson and Drake London went 10 and 11 after we made our trade, making this an easy decision. Johnson impressed the Jets’ coaching staff at the Senior Bowl and will give Robert Saleh the edge rusher to complement Carl Lawson that this defense needs. Previous Picks: WR Skyy Moore, Western Michigan; DL Travis Jones, UConn Dotson is a burner and can give the Jets’ offense another dimension. He played both inside and outside at Penn State, where he was a three-year starter. He also can return punts. Previous Picks: LB Leo Chenal, Wisconsin; CB Kyler Gordon, Washington A starter for the national champions, Walker can give the Jets a linebacker to learn from C.J. Mosley and become an immediate contributor. Walker also has experience on special teams. Previous Picks: OT Abraham Lucas, Washington State; LB Troy Anderson, Montana State A former tight end who became a three-year starter at Nebraska. The Jets can let him learn behind Connor McGovern for a year before sliding into the starting spot in 2023. An all-state quarterback in Alabama, Taylor-Britt became a three-year starter at cornerback for the Cornhuskers. He was a team captain and can give the Jets some depth at cornerback, a position where they need it. Previous Picks: C Dohnovan West, Arizona State; C Zach Tom, Wake Forest Zach Wilson’s former college teammate ran for 1,601 yards in 2021 and can give the Jets a nice complement to Michael Carter, a fourth-round pick last year. Previous Picks: DL Matthew Butler, Tennessee; RB Kyren Williams, Notre Dame Taylor was a four-year starting cornerback for the Volunteers, but projects as a safety in the NFL. Taylor can be an immediate contributor as a gunner on the punt team. Previous Picks: HB ZaQuandre White, South Carolina; CB Cordale Flott, LSU The Jets need to develop a replacement for Folorunso Fatukasi, who departed in free agency. The 346-pound Ellis has gone through adversity at Idaho with injuries and a shortened season in 2020. He would be a project. Previous Picks: S Sterling Weatherford, Miami (Ohio); OT Chris Paul, Tulsa Flott played all over the secondary in college and can give the Jets some depth at nickel corner and on the outside. Flott is only 175 pounds and is going to need to get into the weight room.