A restaurant-goer had some nasty comments to get off her chest. Adrienne Airhart was celebrating her birthday when a woman at the table next to her started shaming her for her breast size, she shared in a now-viral tweet. The Los Angeles-based podcaster said she was told her chest was “distracting” before the woman got up and moved tables. “Tonight at my birthday dinner I took off my shawl and the lady at the next table said, ‘Well those are distracting’ and moved tables. Still got it!” Airhart tweeted. She clarified that the incident was “prejudice against big naturals.” Airhart, who is in her 30s, shared a video of her blowing out her birthday candle and wrote, “This was me last night. I’m not even that hot the lady was just a hater.” The tweet has amassed over 34,000 likes and inspired other women to share similar experiences. “I’ll never forget when I was on work experience at 15 years old and the lady I was ‘working’ for wrote in my evaluation that I dressed inappropriately. I didn’t, I was wearing exactly what they had told me to wear. I simply had breasts,” a user tweeted. “I had a red fitted tank top on under a red jacket (not zipped up, but it was uniform appropriate) when I worked at a major retail store at 18/19yr. was called into HR and told a woman complained about my distasteful cleavage and they forced me to wear & buy an XXL branded polo,” recounted another person. “In college, I was in a bar going to the bathroom and this guy said with a very serious face, ‘you NEED to watch where you’re going with those things’ saw him in the cafeteria a couple weeks later. no risk of him recognizing me cuz he never looked at my face,” shared another. Others weren’t so understanding in response. “Maybe you should of were a different dress,” one person replied. “I’ll take things that never happened for 500,” another quipped. “School everywhere: I told you so,” a user chimed in. Airhart isn’t alone in feeling shame over her chest in a public space. One woman recently was told to cover up because her “big breasts” made “people uncomfortable” at a theme park.