Timberwolves star Karl-Anthony Towns wasn’t interested in discussing his lack of offense after Minnesota blew a 26-point lead in a 104-95 Game 3 loss to the Grizzlies on Thursday. He had wine on his mind instead. After Memphis took a 2-1 series lead over Minnesota, Towns was asked about attempting just four shots in Game 3. “Next question,” said the Timberwolves star, who finished with eight points, five rebounds, five blocks, one assist and five fouls in 33 minutes. “Go home, drink some wine and move on to the next day. “I mean that’s really simple. Just decompress. Just go home and remember what got us here. Remember what got me here. … It’s our support system, our work and each other, and we just got to lean on that.” Towns has been mostly a non-factor on the offensive end in the first-round series, with just 11 shot attempts in the past two games. “This is a tough one. It’s really tough,” Towns said. “We’re going to regroup and then get ready.” The Timberwolves will need much more from their star center if they hope to upset the second-seeded Grizzlies and Ja Morant, who recorded a triple double in Game 3. After the game, Charles Barkley expressed his disappoint in Towns, saying that he couldn’t believe the answers the former first-round pick gave to reporters. “Dude, this is two times in the last week in playoff situations you get more fouls than points and rebounds and your answer is, ‘Next question. I’ll just go drink me some wine.’ That’s bogus. That’s total B.S.,” Barkley said on TNT. “You were the No. 1 pick in the draft. You’re supposed to be a franchise player … you’ve got to play better, man. There is never an excuse for a guy that’s an All-Star … I picked Minnesota to win this series because they got talent, but they got no brains whatsoever.” Barkley went on to scold Timberwolves coach Chris Finch for not calling a timeout when they Grizzlies went on a 21-0 run late in the third and early fourth. The Timberwolves, though, weren’t always in jeopardy during the game. Towns was talking trash in the huddle when the Timberwolves were up 26 in the second quarter and then by 25 points in the third. “Yeah, we in Minnesota now,” Towns said to his teammates. “Like I said after [Game 2] to the media, [all right] cool, we got to come back to our house now. I only seen them at their house.” Morant reposted the video to Twitter, trolling Towns’ comments. “We in Minnesota now,” he tweeted, adding a smiling face emoji. Game 4 is set for Saturday at 10 p.m. ET in Minnesota.