Celebrity-studded Montecito, Calif. just got a fresh dose of A-list appeal. Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine and his Namibian model wife Behati Prinsloo have shelled out a cool $52 million for a trophy mansion in this tony oceanside enclave, which has drawn in household names including Oprah Winfrey, Ellen DeGeneres and Rob Lowe — the latter of whom built, and formerly owned, the property that the couple just bought. The eight-figure transaction seems to have happened off-market, so the home’s current inclusions aren’t immediately clear. But what’s for certain is that Levine and Prinsloo aren’t strangers to Montecito. In 2021, they flipped an estate there for $28.5 million — $5.8 million more than what they paid for it just three months earlier, according to Dirt. And this purchase comes at a bit of a streak for them. What’s more, the couple reportedly listed their compound in affluent Pacific Palisades for $57.5 million just last month. Lowe and his wife, the makeup artist and jewelry designer Sheryl, purchased the land upon which the mansion stands in 2005, then proceeded to build a roughly 10,000-square-foot spread reportedly inspired by the architectural style of the Virginia countryside, where Lowe spent time as a kid. In 2020, the pair sold it for $44.5 million. (They own two other homes in Montecito.) The most recent owners of the 3.5-acre estate, called Oakview, are Jack McGinley — a healthcare private equity executive — and his wife, Julie. Levine and Prinsloo purchased the compound from them. The home has six bedrooms and eight full bathrooms, along with three powder rooms, according to the marketing materials at the time of Lowe’s sale. The grounds additionally include a two-bedroom guest house and a pool house, which has another bedroom. The back of the main house has porches that look out to the Pacific — while other outdoor features include a motor court, an outdoor living room with a fireplace, a pool and a sunken tennis court. Inside, the main home has reportedly sported wooden floors, moldings, and living and family rooms that open to the yard through French doors. Meanwhile, a home theater comes with top-grade equipment.