Fifth place in the Metropolitan Division doesn’t mean anything. But the Islanders played as if it did Thursday. Facing the Blue Jackets for the second time in as many games, the Islanders pulled out a 5-2 win to sweep a home-and-home series and move into a tie for fifth in the division with two games in hand on Columbus. After going into the third period tied at 2, Kyle Palmieri netted the go-ahead goal with a snipe past Elvis Merzlikins from the right circle with 16:44 to go in the game. After six minutes and a successful penalty kill, Mathew Barzal provided the dagger, getting in alone on a breakaway and scoring to extend the lead to a decisive 4-2. Semyon Varlamov, who finished with 34 saves, helped the Islanders fend off an extended six-on-five attack before Ryan Pulock’s empty-net goal. “I think it just comes down to pride,” Barzal said. “We’re professionals here and at the end of the day, we’re building towards something that’s bigger than catching Columbus or anything. We’re building towards winning a Stanley Cup.” The Islanders recorded the first 10 shots of the game, scoring on Nos. 9 and 10, which came 11 seconds apart. After Sebastian Aho’s wrist shot from the right circle found its way past Merzlikins, Zach Parise and Oliver Wahlstrom found themselves in a two-on-one off the ensuing faceoff, with Wahlstrom netting the goal at 8:50. The momentum didn’t last long, as the Blue Jackets came back to tie things up in the second, with Emil Bemstrom and Justin Danforth scoring within two minutes midway through the period and the Islanders looking out of sorts. In the third, though, they found their footing again. “We got back to sort of straight-line hockey, put the puck in play, make plays off of some shots in traffic and we made good decisions at the red line and the blue line,” Islanders coach Barry Trotz said. “Then all of a sudden we were able to get a goal from Palms and then Barzy.” The Islanders finished a month in which they played a franchise-record 17 games, lost two key players to injuries and defied expectations to stand pat at the trade deadline with their record at 30-27-9, and an impressive 10-6-1 over a hectic 31 days. “I think our main focus is, keep climbing,” Pulock said. “Keep winning games, keep trying to finish as high as we can.” At this point, that serves little purpose other than minor vindication for the belief that the early-season tumult off the ice was more responsible for the team’s struggles than any fatal flaw in the team’s construction. But to the team, playing for pride matters nonetheless. The schedule doesn’t let up over the last month. There are 16 more games, starting with Friday’s tilt against the Rangers at Madison Square Garden. Just as could be said about the last four weeks of games, it would be easy for the Islanders to start playing with one eye on their summer break. But if fifth place was enough motivation for this Thursday night, then it’s easy to imagine they’ll find a reason to care about those games, too. “There’s no quit in this group,” Trotz said. “There hasn’t been all year.” And it doesn’t seem there will be as the end nears.