She’s a grand wingwoman. A granddaughter proved you’re never too old to find “The One” when she played matchmaker on dating apps pretending to be her grandmother — who now is blissfully in love and charming TikTok in a now-viral video. At first, unbeknownst to her granny, TikTok user Carli joined a myriad of apps — and masqueraded as the single senior to help light the fire. “POV: your grandma wants to find a man so you download all the dating apps and find her one and get to watch them fall in love and now they’re living their best life together,” @carlivcostello wrote in a TikTok video, which has been viewed nearly 500,000 times in four days. Carli began messaging men on the app as her grandmother, and then gave some of the eligible bachelors her gram’s phone number. “How did he message me, can I message back,” “Grammy” wrote in a text. “I’m going to pretend to be you,” Carli responded in one text to her grandma explaining her plan. Her grandmother, whose name was not revealed in the video, seemed to be thankful to have her doting granddaughter as her dating guru, even commenting on some of the fella’s photos. In one text message between the family members, the grandmother texts: “O ok looks fine,” regarding one Tinder profile. In another message, a man named Bernie was deemed “not bad” but “too far” away. “We’re gonna find you a man!!!!” Carli wrote, before paying for a $60 Match.com account for Grammy. “Now you get your pick of the litter!” “Hope he messages me back,” the grandmother said about one candidate. Fast forward, and it seems Carli’s grandma has found love with a handsome man, who can be seen cuddling in photos with her, taking her out dancing, swimming with her and watching fireworks on a beach — all while Grammy is smiling ear-to-ear. TikTok was smitten with the seniors’ love story, with many happy Carli did something so special for her Grammy. “I love that she wanted you to help with the apps,” one person wrote. “They look like a perfect match,” added another, while someone called it “the CUTEST THING IVE EVER SEEN.” But it seems Carli may be quite the matchmaker, even offering her services to one down-on-their-luck TikTok user. “My husband left me out of nowhere 2 weeks ago. I’m 30 and feel like I’m going to be alone forever. This is so wonderful and inspiring,” user Hailey Dunn commented on the video. “I’m so sorry,” Carli wrote in response. “Sending love and peace to you — let me know if you want me to make some dating profiles for you!”