New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet on the NBA playoffs with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your bet on the play-offs risk free. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with some exciting NBA clashes on display. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  The NBA playoffs are well underway, with each of the first-round matchups having completed its first game. Brooklyn Nets take to the court tonight, following a 115-114 loss against the Boston Celtics in game one. Philadelphia 76ers opened up their postseason with the best possible start, going 2-0 in their pair of opening matchups. Toronto Raptors will be wanting to put that right tonight, having lost by 20 in the first game, and 15 in the second. In the battle of the midwest, Milwaukee Bucks covered the spread and won by seven points against Chicago Bulls, the lowest-scoring playoff game so far at 93-86. Chicago has a chance to square up the series tonight, with Lonzo Ball still out through injury. On Thursday, the Timberwolves and Grizzlies face off with their series tied at 1-1, with the Golden State Warriors seeking a third consecutive win against the Denver Nuggets. Utah Jazz and Dallas Mavericks are also tied in their series, with a pair of close games going either way. The full playoff schedule for the next couple of days can be found below:  21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.