LeBron James is on thin ice with his good friend and former Cavaliers teammate, Kevin Love. Last month, James brutally posterized Love at the rim during his return to Cleveland on March 21, when the Lakers topped the Cavaliers, 131-120. Later on, the 33-year-old put James in a headlock on the sideline and the two laughed about it. After the game, James told reporters, “I hope I’m still invited to the wedding,” while expressing regret about the monster dunk, which took place in the second quarter. “We had a conversation after that,” Love told The Post. “He’s toeing the line on if he’s invited [to the wedding], so we might add Vestry (Love’s dog) and take him away.” Love, who is set to marry his longtime girlfriend, supermodel Kate Bock this summer, ¸was joking, of course, noting that it’s all love between him and James. They were teammates in Cleveland from 2015-18, and won a title together in 2016, when the Cavaliers beat the Warriors in a seven-game classic. Before that, Love and James won gold together with Team USA at the 2012 London Olympics, and have remained close friends off the court ever since. Vestry, meanwhile, is the Vizsla dog Love shares with his fiancée. As important as the pooch is to the couple, she will not be in the wedding, said Love — who recently partnered with Milk Bone to help launch the brand’s new Birthday Cake Artificially Flavored Biscuits, alongside a birthday sweepstakes for dogs. “[Vestry’s] just kind of always with us all the time, so people have come to expect it,” he said. “We’re getting married in [New York City] this summer, but she won’t be part of the wedding festivities, but she’ll be around.” Love and Bock live together in Manhattan when he is not in Cleveland during the NBA season. He proposed to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model in January over her birthday weekend, and she announced the news on Instagram, calling the proposal “the best birthday surprise I could have ever imagined.” “I’m actually very excited,” a smiling Love said about his upcoming nuptials. “And some of the friends that I’ve been talking to throughout the league, whether it be you know, players, coaches, front office, even outside of basketball they’re like, ‘the greatest days in your life, it’s going to be very high on the list — the day you get married, the day you have a kid’ like those types of things. “But I’m very excited because not only do I get to marry my best friend, but also we’ve established such an amazing life together,” Love said. “It’s going to be a celebration of the people that we have within our lives. We’ve been so blessed with those relationships. And again, I think those are what we’re going to look back at when we’re older and say, we’re so thankful for and bringing all those people together from the past and the present and having them all meet. I think that’s what really makes a wedding fun.” As previously reported by The Post, Love and Bock met in 2016 after a photoshoot in New York with the same photographer who introduced them.