Liza Minnelli looked like she was having a grand old time in the car on the way to the Oscars ceremony on March 27. Fans were concerned last month for the 76-year-old “Cabaret” legend after she appeared frail while on stage at Los Angeles’ Dolby Theater to present an award with Lady Gaga. In a clip from Hollywood’s biggest night, her close friend Michael Feinstein, who claimed she was “sabotaged” by the Academy, shared a video on both Facebook and Instagram that he shot in the car with Minnelli shortly before the show. The clip featured the Oscar winner smoking a cigarette, dancing in her seat and singing gleefully. Minnelli looked joyous and spirited as she made her way to the event. She then started singing the show tune “(It’s Gonna Be) A Great Day” by Vincent Youmans, Edward Eliscu and Billy Rose. Fans gave so much love after seeing the video of the EGOT recipient looking lively, with one commenter on Instagram writing: “Still smoking too. Haha. Gotta love her!” “Legend 76 years old, cigarette in hand, still showing ‘em all how it’s done,” one added. “A genuine legend. Uplifts my heart,” a user said. Another penned, “Liza has the pipes that won’t quit! Sounding great as ever!!” Feinstein, 65, claimed earlier this month on Sirius XM’s “The Jess Cagle Show” that Minnelli was “sabotaged” and “forced” to use a wheelchair at the Oscars. “Sabotaged. That’s a terrible word to use but she only agreed to appear on the Oscars if she was in a director’s chair, because she’s been having back trouble,” he said. The Great American Songbook archivist went on, “She said, ‘I don’t want people to see me limping out there.’ She said, ‘You know, I want to look good. I don’t want people to worry about me.’” “Then literally five minutes before she went on, when she sat in the director’s chair back there, and because I guess they were all shaken up because of everything that had happened earlier,” Feinstein said, alluding to the Chris Rock Will Smith incident. “The stage manager said, ‘Well, she has to be in a wheelchair.’” “She was nervous,” Feinstein said. “And it made her look like she was out of it. Can you imagine being suddenly forced to be seen by millions of people the way you don’t want to be seen? That’s what happened to her.” The pianist later told Page Six that the “New York, New York” star noted, “No, I will not be seen in a wheelchair in front of everybody. I will not do this. I refused to do this.”