Maybe diamonds aren’t forever… The Fifth Avenue apartment that once belonged to king of bling Harry Winston is now more affordable than ever. After sitting on the market at $32.5 million since May, this six-bedroom, five-bathroom elegant abode can now be yours for just $31.25 million. That sounds like a bundle but it’s actually a massive price drop considering the home at 927 Fifth Avenue originally hit the market in 2018 at $39.5 million. “This listing exemplifies the best of everything in New York,” said listing agent Louise Beit of Sotheby’s International Realty – East Side Manhattan Brokerage. “It is Central Park’s best location along Fifth Avenue, overlooking the Conservatory Pond, and it has the best views of Central Park West, Central Park South and north to the George Washington Bridge.” Speaking of George Washington, the seller – former TV executive and art collector Judith Hernstadt – has furnished the full-floor apartment with a massive collection of art and antiques, including a table where the first president once sat and played cards. The table doesn’t come with the apartment. However, the dining room’s chandelier and sconces that once belonged to Winston are available at an additional cost. Hernstadt purchased the apartment from Winston in 1980, two years before he died. The son of Ukrainian immigrants who would grow up to become the “jeweler to the stars,” Winston purchased and renovated the 9th-floor apartment in 1950. It takes up the entire floor and is located in a pre-war building designed by Warren & Wetmore – the team of architects behind Grand Central Terminal. Since it was built in 1917, the building’s 12 units have always attracted A-listers. Those approved by the picky (or clique-y depending on who you ask) co-op board include Paula Kahn, Kenneth Cole and Mary Tyler Moore. Several sources say Barbra Streisand didn’t get in. It’s a shame because Babs probably would have appreciated the privacy the building affords. According to the listing’s description, Winston was known to carry “priceless jewels” (hopefully, not the Hope Diamond which he donated to the Smithsonian in 1958) in his pockets. Security was of the utmost importance to the man who reportedly refused to show his face in public. That said, it didn’t stop Winston from throwing lavish parties with upwards of 100 guests in the nearly 6,000-square-feet of space. The dining room alone can seat 36 people. The double master bedroom is just as big. It features three closets, a marble en-suite and one of the apartment’s four wood-burning fireplaces. When it comes to windows, the buyer better buy stock in Windex because the apartment boasts 27 oversized windows (there’s even one in the butler’s pantry). For a building that prides itself on privacy and security, it’s no doubt a peeping Tom’s dream home.