Juanita Broaddrick — the former nursing home administrator who accused former President Bill Clinton of raping her in 1978 — has been banned from Twitter after questioning the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines on the social media platform. Twitter informed Broaddrick of the ban in recent days, claiming it locked her account for “violating the policy on spreading misleading and potentially harmful information related to COVID-19,” according to an email obtained by Fox News. Broaddrick’s tweet that led to the ban was posted Saturday and suggested that coronavirus inoculations “don’t work” and “alter DNA.” “When will this vaccine crap be over? Big Pharma has profited enough for the next hundred years. Stop pushing vaccines that don’t work and alter DNA,” the post read. As of Monday, Broaddrick’s account was still suspended. Twitter has suggested Broaddrick delete the post in order to regain access to her account. “We understand that during times of crisis and instability, it is difficult to know what to do to keep yourself and your loved ones safe. Under this policy, we require the removal of content that may pose a risk to people’s health, including content that goes directly against guidance from authoritative sources of global and local public health information,” the email read. The message also warned Broaddrick that repeated offenses could lead to a “permanent suspension” of her account, Fox News reported. Twitter did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Far-right Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) blasted Twitter Sunday night, sharing a screenshot of Broaddrick’s suspended account. “Twitter is stupid,” the Georgia Republican wrote in a tweet. “The biggest killer of freedom of speech. No wonder hardly anyone raises their hand at my town halls when I ask how many people have a Twitter account. People who think this platform is important need to get a life. What a waste.” Broaddrick, a strong supporter of former President Donald Trump, has accused Clinton of raping her in an Arkansas hotel room in 1978 when she worked as a volunteer on his 1978 campaign for state governor. In 2020, Broaddrick told The Post that she believes former first lady and two-time failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton covered up the assault to protect her and her husband’s political ambitions. Bill Clinton denied assaulting Broaddrick when her claims first became public in 1999. Trump famously invited Broaddrick and fellow Clinton accusers Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey to his second debate with Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign.