At New York Post Shopping, there’s nothing we love more than a good dress. From cocktail dresses and white dresses to wedding guest dresses and Amazon dresses under $50, we simply can’t get enough. But, we’re always gung-ho for new trends that turn heads. So naturally, we’re into cut-out dresses that we deem will transcend past spring 2022. Available at numerous retailers from Amazon to Lulus, we pulled the 12 best cut-out dresses that are guaranteed to turn heads. Whether you have an upcoming graduation party or an upscale date night, our list of cutout dresses will work for a variety of occasions. While you’re at it, pick up some of our favorite comfortable heels to complete the look. Simple to dress up and down, Acelitt’s Hollow-Out Bodycon Dress is well-priced at $30 and comes in a variety of colors to choose from. Plus, we love the ruched detailing at the bottom, making it great for vacation-wear. Perfectly flowy (and with a feminine edge), Zesica’s Halter Neck Cut-Out Maxi Dress is a sight for a sunny day. Whether you have an outdoor party or fancy brunch with girlfriends, this style is hard to resist. First off, we adore the bow detailing right above this dress cut-out. Second, we can’t get over the button-embossed, neutral pattern that’s sure to garner several compliments. Paired with your favorite designer clutch, this less-than-$25 dress is a steal. If you’re on the hunt for that perfect, all-black cut-out dress, Lulus has you covered. Its Out On the Town Bodycon Dress is just shy of $50 and is super flattering, much ado to the dress’ spaghetti straps and overlay skirt. As far as cut-out dresses go, there’s none quite like Abercrombie’s Side Cut-Out Midi Dress. The sky blue color is coveted, the slit is subtly sexy and the cut-out detail is just enough to show a bit of skin. That said, it’s worth the splurge. We’re all about the puff sleeves. WAYF’s Plaza Cut-Out Puff-Sleeve Maxi Dress offers a little bit of everything in one: on-trend floral print, a slight cut-out, adorable sleeves and a tiered maxi skirt. However you style it, it’s sure to be a hit. Hello, emerald! We can’t get over H:ours’ Haydon Dress — a magnificent color with a flattering spaghetti-strapped bodice that’s irresistible to pass up. Not to mention, it hugs in all the right places. If you’re looking for a dramatic side cut-out, Hello Molly’s Cut-Out Masterpiece Dress lives up to its name. Not only is its neutral peach tone great for any occasion, but it’s ideal for a date night or a night out with friends. Ruching aside, we’re head-over-heels about this bubblegum pink number from Lulus. The brand’s Steal the Show Dress is optimal for the summertime months and has a diagonal cut-out that makes you appear just a tad bit taller (a win!) Simple and cute, Superdown’s Mercy Polka Dot Dress has a low-key cut-out detailing that is a more unique take on the traditional ruffled dress or easy-to-wear romper. We love red, adore the tiered accents and are instantly drawn to the comfortable material. Move over, traditional evening dress — Solace London’s Krista Maxi Dress has one of the most unique cut-out detailing we’ve seen. With a crossover oval design, this one-shoulder gown will instantly become one of your most worn items in your wardrobe (buy now, thank us later). For an effortless, put-together look, satin is the move. Express’ Satin Side Tie Cut-Out Midi Dress is currently on sale and comes in a few vibrant colors. Plus, the impeccable high-low detailing that’s Instagram-worthy. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.