Rams quarterback Matthew Stafford wasn’t too keen at first on the idea of wife Kelly sharing intimate details about their personal life on her “Morning After” podcast. “It was hard,” Stafford said Thursday during an appearance on Erin Andrews and Charissa Thompson’s “Calm Down” podcast. “When she said she was going to start this and what she wanted to talk about, I was like, ‘What?’ That’s not something I really want to have out there and talked about.” Kelly launched her podcast in September 2021, months after Stafford was traded to the Rams from the Lions after 12 seasons in Detroit. The weekly show often covers a wide range of topics, including parenting, relationships and the occasional vacation encounter with Leonardo DiCaprio. With the spotlight on Stafford like never before, the 34-year-old quarterback said that seeing his name attached to headlines has taken some getting used to. “Most of the time that kind of stuff happens when Kelly’s podcast comes out and there are intricate parts of my personal life that are blasted all over the Apple News feed that I get, and I ask her, ‘Why the hell am I reading about this?’ That’s usually when I notice [headlines] the most,” he said. “She does such a great job and it’s something I’m, I guess, getting better at and learning to just not let it bother me.” Stafford, who led the Rams to a Super Bowl title in February in his first season in Los Angeles, went on to compliment his wife for being so open with the world. “I don’t know how she does that. I cannot,” he said. “The amount of stuff she shares and relates to people with, it blows my mind. I could never do that, but that’s probably what makes us work. I’m the complete opposite of that when it comes to that and I appreciate that part about her for that. She knows I’m an honest sounding board for when it comes to, ‘Is this too much to share with people?’ and we go with that.” Stafford noted that joining the “Calm Down” podcast was his second-ever podcast appearance. He’s only agreed to appear on his wife’s podcast in February. The quarterback, though, vowed to “step out” to showcase his funny personality — something Thompson and Andrews said his wife has been encouraging him to do. Last month, Kelly told The Post that she’s enjoyed connecting with audiences as part of her newest endeavor. “It’s fun also to feel like I have my own thing apart from my husband,” she said. “My whole past 15 years of my life has been, ‘Yeah, that’s cool, what’s Matthew up to?’ And I’m like, ‘Oh, did you not hear anything I just said?’ I’m so appreciative of everyone who does listen and hope they continue to. I just think it’s a fun thing, a fun podcast and it really brings real-life into conversations… It keeps me grounded and it’s who I am and who I want to continue to be and also, a look into a life that’s not perfect and things of that nature.”