PHILADELPHIA — The sky was a deep, empty blue for much of the matinee, but the Mets’ stars still shone brightly. The horses the Mets will most rely upon to carry them throughout this season and — they hope — beyond lifted them to another series victory leading into the home opener. The Mets got home runs from incumbent huge pieces (Pete Alonso and Brandon Nimmo), plenty of help from the new standout outfielder (Starling Marte) and rode a strong Max Scherzer start to a 9-6 win over the Phillies in front of 31,190 at a sunny Citizens Bank Park on Wednesday. By the time Alonso deposited his second homer of the season over the right-center-field fence, a three-run shot in the sixth inning, the Mets had made the contest a laugher. A later-innings rally from the Phillies ended the laughing, but the Mets (5-2) have taken two road series from division rivals and head to Citi Field for their home opener Friday against the Diamondbacks. “We played so extremely well this road trip, and I’m just excited to play in front of Mets fans,” said Alonso, the biggest star on the afternoon, going 3-for-5 with five RBIs. “It’s going to be a fun year.” He led the charge but had plenty of cavalry at his back. Nimmo launched his second dinger in as many days and reached base three of five times, upping his on-base percentage to .429. Marte barely needed a bat to heavily influence the game. His 84th career outfield assist — but first from right field, where the Mets are playing him every day — helped Scherzer in the second, when Bryson Stott slapped one past Dominic Smith and down the right-field line. Marte reached the ball quickly and fired a missile to second, Francisco Lindor applying the slap tag just in time. “Marte’s throw to second ended up being a big play,” manager Buck Showalter said after the Phillies scored four runs across the sixth and seventh innings but were too deeply buried to climb back. His arm already having made a difference, Marte’s legs came through next. He reached on an infield single in the fourth, then raced around the bases on a double from Alonso. Perhaps Didi Gregorius was not expecting Marte to chug home, and the Phillies’ shortstop double-clutched before his relay throw arrived late. The Mets finished with nine hits, only one of them (Tomas Nido’s) coming from the Nos. 6-9 spots in the order. The Mets got their best from their best, including Eduardo Escobar, who reached base four times and tripled. All of it helped support Scherzer, who again was not his absolute sharpest in his second Mets outing, and again did not need to be. After walking the bases loaded in the first inning, Scherzer struck out Jean Segura and induced a ground out from Gregorius. “I had the case of the just-misses,” said Scherzer, who said his stuff felt good and his hamstring issue is behind him, but he was a “tick” off early. He transformed into Mad Max when he needed to, though. In his five frames in which he allowed a run on five hits, those three walks and seven strikeouts, the Phillies left six on base. The Phillies’ only tally engineered against Scherzer came in the fourth, when Stott lined one inches over Lindor’s glove to knock in Castellanos. With two on, Scherzer bore down and got an inning-ending pop out from Matt Vierling. “That’s when you win and lose ballgames, is when runners are on base,” Scherzer said. “You’ve gotta execute in those situations.” Scherzer has succeeded with more guts than gusto thus far, grinding through two starts in which he has totaled 11 innings that have not always been pretty. But the Mets — like any team that has started Scherzer for 15 consecutive regular-season starts — have not lost with Scherzer on the mound. He hasn’t been paying attention. “You show up and try to go 1-0 every day,” said Scherzer, stretched out to 96 pitches. After he exited, the Phillies tagged the underbelly of the Mets’ bullpen, Sean Reid-Foley and Joely Rodriguez, plus Adam Ottavino. But Seth Lugo and Edwin Diaz — whose one blemish was surrendering a homer to Bryce Harper — finished the job. Next stop: Queens. “It’s going to be fun,” Showalter said ahead of his home debut. “And a very deserving welcome to a team that played real well on the road trip.”