A “ticking time bomb” accused of assaulting an elderly man and two cops Monday and then released without bail was arrested again Friday when he tried to shove a Brooklyn straphanger onto the subway tracks — in what critics ripped as another case of junk justice in the Big Apple. The 24-year-old victim was walking on the northbound N train platform in Sunset Park’s 59th Street station Friday morning when Ricky Vidal, 23, allegedly shoved him from behind toward the tracks, police sources said. Vidal had been arrested Monday, accused of assaulting a 73-year-old with the man’s own cane as he waited for a bus in South Ozone Park, according to a criminal complaint. When police arrived, he allegedly punched one in the face giving him a black eye and then head-butted another, according to the complaint, which said both cops went to the hospital. Vidal was hit with a slew of charges including felony assault for injuring someone older than 65 and criminal possession of a weapon, records show. Yet he was released without bail at 10 p.m. Tuesday by Judge Anthony Battisti, an appointee of former Mayor Bill de Blasio. The Queens District Attorney’s office said it had asked for $5,000 bail. “The guy is literally a ticking time bomb. His behavior continues to spiral out of control. He is clearly an untreated, mentally ill individual in the transit system. Releasing him back to the streets puts New Yorkers and even cops in danger,” a law enforcement source told The Post. The source added that “It’s like these judges just don’t care.” A court system spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment. As Vidal allegedly went on to assault someone else Friday, the man was saved from danger when another subway rider came to the his rescue. The good Samaritan, who only wanted to be identified as Jose, said he heard a commotion on the platform and rushed to help. He said he had been on the subway on April 12 and his train pulled into the 36th Street station just after Frank James was accused of shooting passengers on a packed N train across the platform. “I was determined if something happened like that in front of me that I wasn’t going to stand by and sit idle, and pull out my phone and record, which is why I responded,” Jose said. An Army combat veteran, Jose said he warned Vidal to stop pushing the commuter and when he failed to do so, he put him in a chokehold. He said the assailant briefly passed out and he released the hold, but held onto Vidal until police arrived. “He got aggressive with them. He almost kicked one of them into the train tracks,” he said. He said the victim seemed shaken up and was very appreciative. The victim’s roommate told The Post that the man had been his way back home to family in Rhode Island Friday. “Some guy basically tried to kill him just randomly,” the roommate said. Vidal, who was charged with reckless endangerment and was in an unidentified hospital Saturday, according to court personnel. He has a history of violent behavior, getting aggressive with police officers who tried to remove him from a subway train in the Bronx on April 5, sources said. There were six prior calls to police about Vidal being emotionally disturbed, sources said. 