Getting dumped stinks — and in this couple’s case, literally. A scorned Tia Weathers, 32, was not willing to put up with her boyfriend’s cheating crap. So, when she allegedly caught her honey getting sweet with another woman, she pooped in the front seat of the man’s car. “When I’m really anxious, I have to go to the bathroom anyway,” Weathers, from South Bend, Indiana, told Kennedy News Media. “It was just right on time that I needed to use the bathroom.” (She opted to share the details of her dirty deed under a pseudonym.) And on TikTok — where she initially spilled her guts about her rectal revenge in a viral video with more than 857,000 views — the mother of one and makeup artist explained that she impulsively decided to weaponize her “bubble guts” against her then-inamorato, known as Jay, after discovering his car parked outside of a mistress’ house. “I didn’t have any weapons on me to hurt the car. But I did have my bubble guts,” Weathers, while casually doing her makeup, said in a follow-up clip — which has amassed over 50,000 views. “So I opened the door . . . I did my thing in the front seat,” she claimed of her move, which reportedly occurred more than a decade ago. “And I was really quick about it, because I was scared that they were going to come outside and see me defecating in his front seat.” But when Weathers first suspected that her boo — whom she referred to as a “narcissist” that would regularly “gaslight the f – – k” out of her — was being untrue, she had no plans of paying him back with poo. “We’d been together for about a year,” she said to Kennedy News of her relationship with Jay. “I for sure had suspicions that he was seeing this other girl behind my back.” And while Weathers claimed that she hadn’t caught Jay with another woman before the pooping exploit, she said his penchant for “staying out late” and hiding his phone alerted her to the man’s likely infidelity. “He wouldn’t answer the phone, he’d hide the phone, he’d be staying out late,” she said. “You just know when things are fishy.” And after rifling through Jay’s phone for details on his unfaithfulness, Weathers was able to track him down to the lover’s home. “I had seen the location of this other girl’s house on his phone — that’s how I knew where I needed to go,” she explained. “I was very upset when I went over to this girl’s house. I went there to confront them both.” But when she arrived at the woman’s residence — where she, according to her TikTok post, admittedly “looked like an idiot” as she angrily thumped on the door — neither Jay nor his paramour granted her entry. And after a few minutes of impatiently waiting to give them a piece of her mind, the poop plot popped into her head. “It just dawned on my mind to go in the car. I didn’t have to force anything; it just happened,” Weathers confessed to Kennedy. “I wasn’t thinking clearly. When I’m really anxious or in the midst of something intense, I don’t think very clearly. I was young and silly.” After doing the doo, she wiped herself with an old shirt that she’d kept in her car, then “blocked” Jay on her phone and went home. But before cutting their lines of communication, Weathers sent the cheater a scathing text, reading: “Since you put me through all this s – – t, you can sit in my s – – t on the way home.” Despite their messy fallout, Weathers says Jay allegedly came to her house an hour after she indelicately dumped him. But she refused to let him in after his unforgivable betrayal. Nonetheless, the soured sweethearts had a heart-to-heart a few days later, and Weathers said Jay was “definitely upset that I had defecated in his car; he was not happy about that. “But I didn’t care about [how upset he was about] the repercussions of his actions,” she insisted. “What I was worried about was what led me to do what I did.” Now, 10 years later, Weathers said she and Jay are on good terms. They’ve even reportedly hooked up since her shifty shenanigans. “Me and this ex are still friends,” she said, noting that she still hasn’t asked him who cleaned up her poop. Weathers suspects he did. “He’s seen the TikTok, and he thought it was quite funny, too,” she continued. “At the time, he was quite the opposite of laughing.” And her online female fan base seems to have gotten a kick out of her smelly savagery as well. “I have no idea why I shared it on TikTok. I had the video shared in my drafts for two or three days, but it was one of my girlfriends who said, ‘Post it — it’ll go viral,’ ” said Weathers. “So I posted it, and it did go viral. The majority of women are 98% on my side. They were like, ‘Girl, do what you have to do.’ ” One supportive commentator cheered Weathers on, saying, “I am very impressed. I would have never thought to do that.” Other kindred spirits even copped to pulling the poopy stunt, too, saying: “I did this on the front window though. Jumped right up on the hood” and “You should’ve smeared it on the inside of the windshield.” However, some party poopers shamed Weathers for her funky feat. “This is not even a flex, that’s nasty [as f – – k],” chastised a critic. “The toxic s – – t folks proudly admit they do and folks just act like s – – t is normal and cute. App is a savage wasteland,” scoffed another. Regardless of the condemnation, Weathers is proud of herself for using her stool — rather than an actual tool — to exact revenge on Jay. “I’m glad I took that ax out of my trunk,” she joked in response to a TikTok comment. “Things would’ve ended much different.”