Slain Queens mom Orsolya Gaal sat alone at a local bar for 40 minutes before she went home — where she was brutally stabbed to death and stuffed inside a duffel bag over the weekend, law enforcement sources said. Gaal, 51, spent time in her Forest Hills backyard Friday afternoon before heading out with friends that evening to watch a show at Lincoln Center, police sources said. Upon returning to Queens, Gaal sat alone in a local bar — as if waiting for someone — before returning to her Juno Street home, according to the sources. Investigators believe Gaal’s killer entered the home and killed her on the first floor, and then took her to the basement, the sources said. The suspect stabbed Gaal 60 times in the neck, torso and left arm before stuffing her in a black Bauer hockey duffle bag similar to one used by one of her kids — and dragging it outside, less than a half-mile from the home, according to authorities. Gaal, who was found inside the duffel bag just after 8 a.m. Saturday, died from “sharp force wounds” to her neck, the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said on Monday, ruling the death a homicide. She was also discovered with possible defensive cuts inside her fingers and on her hands,  law enforcement sources said. It appears the killer knew Gaal, sources said Monday, indicating that there were no signs of a break-in at the home. The sources suggested the attack was personal and committed in anger specifically toward Gaal, considering the brutality of the crime. Gaal’s husband, Howard Klein, who is a partner and founder of RK Equity — an advisory investment firm focused on lithium-ion battery and technology metals — had told The Post he was out of town when the slaying unfolded. Klein was reportedly with the couple’s elder son, 17, touring colleges at the time. Klein received an ominous text message from the killer, threatening, “Your whole family is next,” WPIX reported. Their younger boy, 13, was seen being taken away in handcuffs from the home shortly after his mom’s body was discovered. He was questioned at the local precinct and later released, police sources said. By Tuesday morning, cops had not made any arrests in Gaal’s slaying, or identified any suspects.