A traumatized man is being bitten to shreds in his own home by Britain’s most venomous spiders — but no one will help him. Russell Davies is in so much agony from hundreds of bites all over his body he is sleeping in a tent outside his Southborough flat. The false widow is said to have a bite as painful as a wasp’s sting and Russell’s body is covered in them. The 55-year-old tenant’s skin is so sore he has been forced to stop working as a chef. The infestation has also driven him to sleep in a tent rather than in his flat. He told the BBC: “I’m in pain. It feels like when I shiver that I’ve got shards of glass in every part of my body where I’ve been bitten. “I’ve been sleeping in a tent for roughly a week and a half. “In the daytime I’m walking around looking for things. My mind is constantly on edge because I’m looking for a web, spiders. I don’t want to live like this.” Russell has been bitten ever since he first moved into the Kent home in 2020 and raised the issue nine months ago with Clarion Housing Association which owns the flat. They told him it is his responsibility to deal with the spiders and have repeatedly refused to fumigate it. Although the company did arrange to fumigate the hallways and landings in communal areas, Russell said they shunned his pleas to specifically fumigate his home or pay for more intense heat treatment. He said: “My body started to get bites, and then splits on my chest and my arms, which were almost like lesions, I didn’t know what they were at the time. “When I actually found the spiders in my property 15 months had passed by and I was what you would call an all-you-can-eat banquet for these spiders, while I was asleep.” Russell said he “tore [his] flat to pieces” searching for the spiders and he’s been reduced to poor struggling with poor sleep and mental health. He said: “I don’t know if I’ve got them all. “This is the frightening part for me, I don’t sleep very well at the moment because it’s got into my mind so badly because I was bitten while I was asleep. “Clarion have, three days ago, flatly refused to come and fumigate the property that I live in.” A Clarion spokesperson said: “We appreciate how unpleasant and inconvenient pests can be and we are sorry to hear that Mr. Davies is suffering with this at present. “He has been correctly advised that under the terms of his tenancy agreement, it is his responsibility to deal with this pest infestation. “Clarion’s pest control specialists are contracted to deal with issues in communal spaces, but we asked them to review Mr. Davies’ situation and they have provided him with some practical advice on how he can resolve it.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.