The Issue: Karol Markowicz’s column on the media’s lack of coverage of President Biden’s cognitive decline. The flagrant neglectfulness of the deterioration of a loved one and the failure to act in his/her behalf is clearly an act of elder abuse (“Just Not OK,” Karol Markowicz, PostOpinion, April 24). As a medical professional, it is painfully disturbing to watch President Biden placed in these vulnerable circumstances, which are known to further compound anxiety in impaired individuals. We are all guilty of occasionally forgetting some­thing or committing the occasional gaffe. It is the recurrent pattern of behaviors that sets off alarms and raises serious concerns. When a person holding the highest office in the United States repeatedly demonstrates disarticulation of speech or when he attempts to shake hands with a phantom individual, this simply cannot be ignored. Ronald Frank West Orange, NJ Markowicz stated the obvious in her article. From Jan. 20, 2017 until Jan. 20, 2021, former President Donald Trump was never given a break by the media. When the media questions why the country is so divided, maybe they can point to this as a starter. After all, aren’t they the ones who constantly push for fair and equitable treatment? B. Fields, Denville, NJ Markowicz is spot-on with her take on Biden’s increasingly obvious senility. Biden’s being out of it may be obvious (to all but the press), but Markowicz saves one of the worst outrages for her penultimate paragraph. In it, she references the vile, underhanded tactics of the extreme radical left — CNN’s Chris Cillizza — who calls on Republican to show proof of Biden’s decline, but omits a key fact. Markowicz might have mentioned that when Biden was given a physical by the White House physician, he was not given a cognitive test, which seems like medical malpractice to both the patient and country. If we had an elderly parent exhibiting increasing signs of severe cognitive decline, wouldn’t we insist that such a test be given? This would provide the evidence that Cillizza disingenuously calls for. Michael Brautigam Cincinnati, Ohio Biden appears to have taken on the Easter Bunny as an adviser vis-à-vis pertinent questions from the press. If the White House staff insists on turning a blind eye to his cognitive decline, maybe they could at least adorn the press room with the likeness of a cow jumping over the moon. It would go a long way in assuaging the president during the next conference, should a dish run away with a spoon. Joe Schulok, The Bronx The Issue: The death of 31-year-old firefighter Timothy Klein while fighting a blaze in Brooklyn on Sunday. A fire on Sunday caused the death of one of our Bravest, Timothy Klein (“ ‘NY Has Lost One Of Its Bravest’ ” April 25) This is truly a sad day for the FDNY. He died fighting a blaze with fellow firefighters. Klein gave his life protecting others, as all of our Bravest do daily when they go to a fire, not knowing whether they will get injured or lose their lives. May God protect our Bravest. Frederick Bedell Bellerose The funeral scheduled for FDNY firefighter Timothy Klein is a reminder that we still do not have a day set aside as a national holiday honoring all first responders. We do not need any more people like Timothy passing without knowing how sincerely most Americans value their first responders for their devotion and protection. This honor is long overdue. Bob Sweeney Warwick, RI Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.