Soap opera star Kathryn Hays, known for her decades-long role as Kim Sullivan Hughes on “As the World Turns” — in addition to a fan-favorite part in a Season 3 episode of “Star Trek” — died at age 87 in Fairfield, Connecticut, on March 25, TV Line reported. The cause of death was not available. She was remembered fondly by her scene partner Don Hastings — who played her husband, Bob Hughes — in a statement, saying that “our relationship as Bob and Kim was as close as Kathryn and my relationship, except we were not married.” Hastings also shared that the duo’s “biggest squabble was that she always wanted to rehearse and I wanted to take a nap. “This is a huge loss to all who knew her,” he said. Illinois native Hays, who played the iconic character for 38 years, also touched the hearts of sci-fi lovers worldwide during a guest appearance on “Star Trek” in 1968. She played the titular mute hero, Gem, in “The Empath.” As opposed to the more socially dramatic roles Hays was used to playing, in 2010 she recalled the interstellar appearance as one of the most unique experiences of her career. “I’ve often thought that was an interesting role for me to play. I loved playing that. It was technically very interesting,” Hays told We Love Soaps. “That show was fascinating to work on from a technical point of view. It was so different from a regular show.” Hays began her career with TV roles in the early 1960s. She appeared in the Westerns  “Bonanza” and “Route 66,” in addition to the spy series “The Man from U.N.C.L.E” and other shows. She appeared in the television film “Yuma” in 1971. Her breakout role came in the 1966 pre-Civil War-era Western “The Road West,” in which she played Elizabeth Reynolds for all 29 episodes of the show’s running. A few years later, in 1972, the iconic actress joined “As The World Turns.” She claimed the role of Kim until the daytime staple went off the air in 2010 following a 54-year run on air. Hays also guest appeared on more than 40 shows during her life, the most recent being a 2007 episode of “Law & Order: SVU,” according to TV Line. She had a career on Broadway as well, appearing in “Ladybug, Ladybug,” “The Irregular Verb to Love” and “Hot September,” in addition to other productions.