There’s nothing better than wrapping yourself in a comfy, plush, warm robe after taking a shower following a long day. There are so many bathrobes on the market. Silk, terrycloth, linen, cotton — which one do you go with? Not to mention, you may want to splurge or if you’re not looking to break the bank, opt for a budget option to travel with. In an effort to help you find the perfect robe for you, we rounded up some of the best options you can find on the internet. Our list includes brands like Parachute, Brooklinen, Crane & Canopy and one of the most sought-after retailers, Barefoot Dreams. The best part? There are options for both women and men — and even kids, too. That’s right, we want everyone to indulge in the coziness. Click to jump to a specific robe: For a classic robe that’s extra plush, you can’t beat Parachute’s Classic Turkish Cotton Robe. With slouchy pockets and a snug tie-front waist, it’s undeniably the stay-all-day-in robe of our dreams. As one of our favorite gifts for boyfriends, Brooklinen’s Super-Plush Robe is like no other. Just shy of $100, it’s one of the most relatively affordable options that still yields high quality. Crane & Canopy’s cotton robes are also another great find. They come in white, light gray and dark gray. An added bonus? They can be personalized with a custom monogram in whatever color and font style you want. This TowelSelections terry cloth robe from Amazon is by far the most affordable on our list. Plus, it comes in tons of colors to suit every preference (and person you may be shopping for, other than yourself). For a super cozy, cloud-like option that will make getting ready in the morning that much harder (who said that’s a bad thing?), consider this Barefoot Dreams robe. Coyuchi’s unisex organic robe is great for anyone, anywhere (and, for any type of wear: post-shower, lounging in the house or an at-home spa moment). We find this robe to be one of the plushest, too. If you live in a state that tends to be colder than warmer year-round — or you just get cold easily — this sherpa-lined L.L. Bean robe is definitely the way to go. If you’re seeking a lightweight option that’s still cozy, Parachute’s Cloud Cotton Robe is your best bet. It’s the quintessential loungewear staple your closet is practically begging you to buy. For a luxurious silk robe that you can throw in your own washing machine, we recommend this Lunya pick. It comes in nine colors and can easily be paired with your favorite pajamas. If you’re shopping for your little ones, they’ll definitely love this fleece robe to keep them nice and warm after bath time. OK, real talk — we just haven’t seen a cuter robe. This rainbow-embossed cozy essential is just over $50 and will keep your little girl as warm as can be (and, as stylish as can be). This quality basic is less than $60 at Nordstrom and is one of the most adorable, versatile kids’ robes we’ve seen. Plus, the cotton and flannel piping is sure to keep your little one warm. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.