Whether you’re getting a move on or just moving from the bedroom to the couch, joggers are a guy’s best friend. Not to be confused with sweatpants, one of the best parts about joggers is their streamlined look: a loose lounge pant complete with a comfy elastic waistband at the top, that tapers and cinches at the ankle for a more tailored look. (Yes, sweats can be chic, too.) Joggers can also be made of different, lighter materials, making them better than toasty sweats in the spring and summer. We love a good pair of athletic joggers, complete with sweat-wicking for when the weather warms up. Read on for some of our top picks for men’s joggers, including bestselling brands like lululemon, Adidas, Cozy Earth, Abercrombie and more. These joggers are easy as ABC. The lululemon pair of pants is new for the season, coming in a huge array of neutral colors that make them a great addition to any man’s wardrobe with endless styling options. Like any pair of joggers, the leg comes together in a classic tapered fit, and the pants come with a hidden coin and media pocket as well as a back pocket with a zipper. Get extra cozy this winter with the help of Cozy Earth. Their joggers were named one of Oprah’s favorites, and if she loves them, we think any man will too. The joggers are made from super soft bamboo, made ethically with both your comfort and the environment in mind. They come in five different colors and a range of inclusive sizing from a small to an XXXL. You don’t have to travel far to get your hands on these joggers. They are sold on the Abercrombie site, coming in three colors and an array of sizes while supplies last. The best thing about these is that they are made with 4-way stretch for comfortable wear all day and wrinkle-release properties to make sure that once you embark on your journey, wrinkles don’t hold you back. No need to head all the way to the South Pole to get these comfy joggers. Instead, head to Amazon to get a pair of these Southpole pants. They come in an array of colors — from navy to gray and in a diverse range of sizes from an XS to a 6XL. Be it Sunday, Monday or any day of the week, it is always time for a comfortable pair of pants. These joggers are from Vuori and scream all things comfort, made from a mid-weight knit fabric to keep you cozy all fall and winter long. Plus, the pants come in an array of colors including the Oxblood red above, a few shades of gray, navy blue and more. Match your favorite undies to your new favorite joggers with this pick from Hanes. The sweatpant-jogger combo is a perfect marriage of comfort and style, coming with pockets for functionality, too. They currently come in four colors and range in size from a small to an XXL. You no longer have to fight over these joggers, as they are finally back in stock after selling out. The Spar Jogger from Rhone is a great addition to any man’s closet, coming in basic colors like black as well as in shades of blue and gray, ranging in size from a small to an XXL. You’ll want to pull on these pants every morning. From ATM, or Anthony Thomas Melillo, these pants combine the comfort of a sweatpant with the ease of a jogger. They have a hidden, interior drawstring for a streamlined look, plus come with side and a back pocket. For a dressed up version of the comfortable pants, take a look at Amazon Essentials. This hybrid combines the classy look of a jean or slacks with the synced leg and looser fit of a good pair of joggers. They come in a wide range of colors and sizes, from an XS to an XXL. On or off the field, these sport joggers are great for any game or just sitting in the stands. The joggers are sold at L.L. Bean and made from 50% recycled polyester, 50% Elasterell-P fabric, to keep you cool while playing sports but warm if the weather starts to cool down mid-game. For sunny days, they also have UPF 50+ protection, keeping you safe no matter the weather. Cozy up this fall with a pair fo fleece-lined joggers. This Nike pair is another classic every man needs in his wardrobe, especially in the light gray wash. They also come in 14 other colors, to match any mood or hoodie you have on. Get the classic three-stripped joggers from Adidas and never wear another pair of track pants again. These joggers also come in gray, both of which feature the Adidas logo and white stripes down the legs. Feel like a champion, even on days where all you wear are joggers and a tee. These Champion brand pants are made of super soft fleece lining with ribbed cuffs at the ankles for a tapered take on a sweatpant. They also come in gray and black, but we think this khaki color is a wardrobe essential. Why blend in when you could be cool in camouflage? These joggers from Under Armour come in a few camo colors, including the gray pair pictured above as well as a black pair and a classic army green. They’ll also keep you cozy, made of fleece and mid-weight cotton. If you’re feeling nautical and comfortable, these are for you. These Nautica brand joggers are sold on Amazon in a sturdy fleece material to keep you nice and warm this season. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.