As legalized sports betting continues to expand across the United States, states that previously lagged behind are starting to gain traction — with bills being considered, and in some cases approved, for retail and mobile wagering.Before you plan your next trip, or whether you’re wondering where your hometown state stands, here’s what to know about states that have already legalized sports betting and which ones are close. New York approved in-person sports betting back in 2013, but experienced a lull between the law’s passing and Supreme Court’s decision in 2018. The first legal sports wager came in 2019, according to ESPN, and online betting will be legal beginning Jan. 8, 2022. Arizona’s online sports betting bill passed in April 2021, and it allowed for the mobile versions of betting as well as in-stadium sportsbooks whose launches coincided with the start of the NFL season on Sept. 9. According to USBets, that legislation accounted for 20 online platforms and 20 retail locations. As of now, all bets placed in Arkansas must be done in-person — mobile sports betting has not been legalized yet — and at one of four specific locations: Oaklawn Racing Casino Resort in Hot Springs, Southland Park in West Memphis, a casino in Pope County and a casino in Jefferson County. Colorado has become one of the major sports betting hubs since it started accepting wagers in 2020, and it became one of five states to record more than $200 million in monthly betting handle in Sept. 2020, according to Action Network. The state’s first legalized sports bets were accepted in 2020, and it topped $200 million in monthly betting handle later that year. More than 24 digital sportsbooks are expected to exist in the state in the near future too, planting it as a potential staple in the country’s sports wagering scene for the foreseeable future. Back in 2018, Delaware was one of the first states to accept a legal single-game wager, behind Nevada. But in the three years since, the state hasn’t approved online sports betting yet, and hosts just three in-person options. Sports betting was approved in 2021, but the state has faced lawsuits and logistical issues delaying its path to a full launch. The Hard Rock Sportsbook app went live on Nov. 1, and was the first step of an agreement between the state and the Seminole Tribe of Florida. Betting was launched in the state in March 2020, and online two months later, but participants need to register in-person before participating in mobile sports wagering. The potential exists for sporting venues like Wrigley Field to house sportsbooks in the near future, though. Legalized sports betting began in Indiana on Sept. 1, 2019, and it allows for in-person or mobile wagering on both college and professional sports — though betting on esports and high school sports is not permitted, according to ESPN. Action Network reported that the state brought in more than $200 million a month during the 2020 football season. Iowa’s legal sports betting began on Aug. 15, 2019, but a previous law that required in-person registration ended in Jan. 2021 — leading to a boon in mobile sports wagering in the time since. According to Gambling.com, the state’s handle increased 42.7 percent between Dec. 2020 and Jan. 2021, and 157 percent from Jan. 2020 to Jan. 2021. The state doesn’t have any professional sports teams, but holds some of the least expensive licensing fees. Retail wagering began last month in the state, and registration has began for the pending online sportsbooks. According to SportsHandle, 56 of Louisiana’s 64 parishes approved both mobile and in-person sports betting, so those in the eight parishes — or, essentially, counties — that didn’t approve will need to travel to one that did. Once the “Lawful Sports Betting Act” was signed, it paved the way for both mobile and in-person sports wagering in the state — starting with a pair of casinos that opened in March 2020, according to ESPN. Online betting then began in Jan. 2021, and Michigan was immediately seen as a state that could be profitable and successful as the wagering continues to gain traction. Though Mississippi technically has mobile sports betting, those online bets can only be placed inside casinos, which has caused the state’s wagering business to not be as successful as others. It was one of the first states to take strides for in-person sports betting, though, it passed a law in 2017 that approved betting pending the Supreme Court decision and the first sports bets occurred in August of the next year. Only in-person wagers can be placed in Montana, but what’s unique about the operations in this state is that it was legalized and launched through its lottery. That, according to Action Network, keeps out other sportsbooks that can “jeopardize competitive prices.” Betting began in Montana in March 2020. In-person betting has long been a staple in Nevada, but mobile wagering in this state requires registration at one of the casinos. Betting on New Hampshire’s in-state colleges isn’t allowed, according to ESPN, but wagering has existed in this state since Dec. 2019. DraftKings will serve as the lone mobile operator in the state for the time being. It was the third state to take a bet, the original state to bring the case regarding sports betting to the Supreme Court, and now more than 80 percent of its wagers are conducted online, according to Action Network — even with in-person casinos existing. Bettors aren’t allowed to wager on in-state collegiate teams and collegiate events that take place within state lines though, according to ESPN. Despite no bills being passed, in-person sportsbooks exist because of a previous agreement between Native American tribes and the state — and the Native American tribes’ recent interpretation of that agreement. Right now, sports bets must be placed in-person at two specified casinos — with their first bets being taken in March 2021 — but sports wagering legislation, which reportedly would establish between 10 to 12 mobile licenses, was passed by the state Senate earlier this year and now sits waiting approval in its House of Representatives. Like New Mexico, sports betting strides have been made through state tribes operating retail sportsbooks with permission from the government. Online sports betting hasn’t been legalized yet, but legislation has been proposed — though rejected. Similar to some other states, there’s only one option for legal mobile sports betting in Oregon, and that’s via the state lottery app. For now, only a few retail sportsbooks exist, and those are run at Native American casinos, according to Action Network. It trails only Nevada and New Jersey for the largest sports betting handles each month, and Pennsylvania accepts both mobile and in-person sports wagering and has set a limit of 14 operation licenses. Sports wagering, both retail or mobile, is only allowed at two casinos location in the state, but according to ESPN, the law was “tweaked” in 2019 to allow mobile sports betting within Rhode Island. For now, retail sportsbooks are the only ways to place sports wagers in South Dakota — with locations in Deadwood and on tribal lands — but legislation for mobile betting hasn’t been successful yet. All betting in Tennessee occurs online, as there are no casinos in the state and therefore no retail betting locations. Mobile sports betting in Virginia began in Jan. 2021, but according to ESPN, wagering on the state’s collegiate sports teams isn’t allowed. In Washington, mobile sports wagering is only allowed if the bet is placed at a casino — a similar setup to Mississippi’s — and online sports betting across the state likely won’t happen in the near future, according to Action Network. It only launched at those casinos just over two months ago, too. GambetDC serves as the capital’s official mobile app for wagering in the District, and, according to Action Network, has offered lines often worse than the market averages since it has no competition that’s legal. Both mobile and in-person sports betting exist in West Virginia, and the state has been accepting bets since Aug. 2019 while becoming the fifth state in the country to legalize wagering on sports the year prior. Starting Sept. 1, 2021, the state started accepting mobile sports bets only and doesn’t have a casino or retail location like others do. It joined Tenneesse as the only two states to have just an online option and nothing for retail with sports wagering. Sports betting — via 60 online and 30 retail options — has been approved in this state, but recent projections don’t expect retail locations to open until early 2022 with mobile options to follow later in the year. As of now, it appears Nebraska will be without mobile sports betting for now despite tangible strides toward retail sportsbooks. A bill signed in May 2021 by the governor prohibited bets on collegiate teams within the state but allowed for “all games of chance” at licensed horse tracks. A deal between the state’s governor and the Oneida Nation will allow for the opening of retail sportsbooks at tribal casinos while not permitting mobile betting or wagers on the state’s collegiate teams. According to Action Network, the goal was to launch the retail betting options by Nov. 2021. A bill has been advanced that would create a state-wide operation to oversee sports wagering — as well as a lottery, which the state also doesn’t have — within the state, and according to Action Network, there’s belief that it could be passed in 2022. Polls across the state, which involve both voters and executives from professional sports teams back sports betting, but according to Action Network, that might not be enough to “overcome entrenched the anti-gambling sentiment in the statehouse.” Bills were proposed in both 2020 and 2021, but neither came to fruition and both failed. According to CBS Sports, five bills regarding sports wagering have been proposed in the state but none have been successful — with the next one is targeted for 2022. It’s reportedly a state pegged for potential retail wagering next year with the plausibility of a mobile option still uncertain. The next chance for this state to make progress on both retail and mobile sports betting will come in 2022. A follow-up proposal in 2021 failed, and even with legalization support from Gov. Andy Beshear, gathering enough support from both political parties might be difficult — at least in the near future. Sports wagering was almost approved in Maine until its governor vetoed an online sports betting bill — and a veto override proved unsuccessful. Legalized sports betting is on the horizon in this state, as both the governor and members of both parties in the General Court support the wagering, according to Action Network. Bills made it to the legislature in 2020 and 2021, but nothing has been approved or signed yet. According to Action Network, momentum could pick up next year, for both online and in-person wagering, especially if a state like Kansas starts to make progress, too. There’s reportedly support from both political parties in the government’s branches, but a new bill proposed in 2021 has stalled for now. According to SportsBettingDime, there’s a possibility that sports wagering could either be legalized in late 2021 or early in 2022. It’s another state that doesn’t have casinos, but Vermont is considering a bill that would  legalize mobile sports betting. Its governor signed a bill in June that called for a study of legalized sports wagering, which some saw as a positive step given that it required the study to be completed by Oct. 15.