TAMPA — As negotiations between Major League Baseball and the MLB Players Association drag on in Jupiter, Fla., coaches around the league are seeing their preparation time for spring training cut short. And that will have an especially big impact on the pitching side, with a fear of increased risk of injuries already worrying some at Yankees minicamp. “It’s a huge concern,’’ new assistant pitching coach Desi Druschel said Tuesday. Druschel, who spent the previous three seasons coaching in the Yankees’ minor league system, pointed to the truncated spring training of 2020, when COVID shut down the sport from March until July and teams had just three weeks to get ready for the regular season. “It’s easy to see what happened in [spring training] 2.0,” Druschel said of 2020. “It’s easy to see what happens in spring training [in general].” Druschel pointed to the increased rate of injuries that result in surgeries in spring training and the first month of the regular season and knows it will be a significant challenge this season, with spring training already pushed back a week and no end to the work stoppage in sight. Making matters worse is the fact team personnel haven’t been able to reach out to players on 40-man rosters since the lockout began Dec. 2. “You shorten [spring training] and take away the communication, it’s tough,’’ Druschel said. “In the pitching world, probably objective number one is making sure we’ve got our hand on the pulse.” Now that they don’t, teams will have to figure out how to keep pitchers healthy. “If we had it figured out, we wouldn’t be having this conversation,’’ Druschel said. “People will have a close eye on that, no doubt about it.” Before the lockout began, pitchers were given a blueprint of how to approach the offseason, from December until … about now, according to director of pitching, Sam Briend. “The big question is the workloads, managing that,’’ Briend said. “Ideally, you want starting pitchers to start the season with a big enough workload so they’re pitching deep into ballgames.” Usually, Briend said he’d want starters to be at 70-90 pitches after a six-to-eight week spring training. In a potential four-week spring training, that number would likely be reduced to about 60-65. Briend and Druschel are among the coaches working with the team’s minor leaguers not on the 40-man roster, since they are not impacted by the lockout. Briend is confident that the programs the 40-man pitchers have been on during the offseason, coupled with the increased knowledge among experienced pitchers about what it takes to be ready for the regular season, will help the veteran pitchers whenever they do report to camp. On the hitting side, a reduced spring schedule won’t be felt as much, although new hitting coach Dillon Lawson said they are “preparing for all scenarios. … It would be unrealistic if it gets super short that we’d be able to cover everything. And you wouldn’t want that for players to have that experience anyway with new coaches.” For now, though, all they can do is hope for the best.