President Biden is trapped (“War in Europe,” Feb. 24). Russian President Vladimir Putin is an irrational actor possessing a nuclear arsenal and willing to accept massive casualties. Economic sanctions are late and certainly not proportionate. Putin has correctly surmised the West will not respond militarily, as escalation can only lead to all-out war or worse — nuclear confrontation. As Biden goes around the table looking for options, the room must sound like church. At this point, the only solution to the madness is to stop the madman. Tim Greene Singer Island, Fla. This unprovoked invasion of Ukraine provides an important perspective. Russia is a bad actor; its leader is an evil man doing evil things. The United States, for all its faults and mistakes, stands for self-determination and freedom. There is not a moral equivalence between the US and Russia — no less between Ukraine and Russia. Putin is betting that the ideological firmness of the West will not translate into concrete action. Indeed, the West has not done enough to help Ukraine or to punish Russia. Targeted sanctions are insufficient as a mode of deterrence. Inevitably, Russian society must pay a price for the Kremlin’s atrocities. Russia must be totally isolated: diplomatically, politically and economically. Daniel Dolgicer Manhattan NATO has once again shown itself to stand for “No Action, Talk Only.” It is heartbreaking to see innocent civilians wounded during Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The silly fool Biden has never supported other countries, as shown in his abandonment of Afghanistan in 2021. But he has no understanding of deterrence and preventing a war. He is surrounded by the worst people — Vice President Kamala Harris, Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Mark Milley, who is a loose cannon. This would never have happened under The Donald. The next domino to fall under Biden will be Taiwan. Andrew Delaney Miami, Fla. Putin is holding all the cards in this game of “chicken.” He smells the weakness of the Biden administration as he attempts to reconstitute the power of the old Soviet Union with the first step being the conquest of Ukraine. He knows that Europe is totally dependent on his oil and gas and will not have the stomach for sanctions that will cripple their own economies. The real losers in this outrageous act of Russian aggression are the abandoned Ukrainian people, and the American taxpayers who will foot the bill with higher gas and oil costs because we went from energy independent to energy dependent due to the misguided policies of Biden and his band of incompetents. Anthony Scro Whitestone Putin’s invasion of Ukraine can be attributed to the profound weakness that Putin perceives in Biden and his administration. The woefully botched withdrawal from Afghanistan and the abundance of unspeakable domestic policies implemented by our feeble president have culminated in this act of war. Such egregious fragility on a world stage arouses this type of dastardly aggression. The fact that Biden shut down the Keystone Pipeline may prove to be the most devastating blunder from his repertoire of ineptitude. Denis David East Rockaway Kyle Smith’s column was spot-on (“Vlad seeing old Joe as weakling,” Feb. 24). Putin sees Biden as a weakling. And he’s right. Biden is controlled by the far left of the Democrat party — weak on the economy, immigration, crime and under the thumb of the climate-control zealots. Putin realizes this and knows Biden can’t and won’t stop him. Think the sanctions Biden proposes on Russia will deter Putin? Think again. Putin is three steps ahead of Biden at every turn. Walter Goldeski East Brunswick, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.