President Biden said Friday that he’s “convinced” Russian President Vladimir Putin decided to invade Ukraine — and warned of a massive assault on the Eastern European country’s capital city. “We have reason to believe that Russian forces are planning to — intending to attack Ukraine in the coming week — in the coming days,” Biden said in remarks from the White House Roosevelt Room. “We believe that they will target Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, a city of 2.8 million innocent people.” When asked by a reporter, “Do you have any indication about whether President Putin has made a decision on whether to invade?” Biden answered: “As of this moment, I’m convinced he’s made the decision. We have reason to believe that.” Moments later, a second reporter asked: “You are convinced that President Putin is going to invade Ukraine? Is that what you just said a few moments ago?” “Yes, I did,” the president answered. “Yes.” “Is diplomacy off the table then?” the reporter followed up. “No,” Biden responded. “Until he does [invade], diplomacy is always a possibility.” In his prepared remarks, Biden called out Russia for pushing “fabricated claims” that a Ukrainian invasion of two Moscow-backed separatists enclaves was imminent, rather than military action by the Kremlin. He also ripped Russian state media for making “phony allegations” that Ukraine was carrying out a “genocide” in the east of the country. “It defies basic logic to believe the Ukrainians would choose this moment, with well over 150,000 troops arrayed on its border, to escalate the years-long conflict,” said Biden, who praised Ukraine’s military for acting with what he called “great judgment and, I might add, restraint” for refusing to allow Russia to “bait them into war.” “We’re calling out Russia’s plans loudly and repeatedly, not because we want a conflict,” Biden said, “but because we’re doing everything in our power to remove any reason that Russia may give to justify invading Ukraine and prevent them from moving.” “Make no mistake: If Russia pursues its plans, it will be responsible for a catastrophic and needless war of choice,” Biden went on. “The United States and our allies are prepared to defend every inch of NATO territory from any threat to our collective security as well.” Biden spoke nearly an hour later than scheduled amid fresh reports of explosions in the pro-Russia breakaway republics of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine — bolstering fear of Kremlin-orchestrated “false flag” attacks to dubiously justify an invasion of Ukraine. “There are many issues that divide our nation and our world. Standing up to Russian aggression is not one of them,” Biden said. “The American people united. Europe is united. The transatlantic community is united. Our political parties in this country are united. The entire free world is united.” Shortly before Biden’s remarks, he spoke by phone with a group of leaders from NATO countries, including UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and French President Emmanuel Macron. “They pledged to continue pursuing diplomacy to de-escalate tensions while ensuring readiness to impose swift, coordinated economic costs on Russia should it choose further conflict,” the White House said in a readout of the call, which also featured the leaders of Canada, Italy, Romania and Poland. But the precise sanctions aren’t yet decided upon, White House adviser Daleep Singh told reporters. “At this point, we are converging on the final package,” Singh said. White House press secretary Jen Psaki confirmed Thursday that Secretary of State Antony Blinken will meet with his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov on Feb. 23 — provided an invasion of Ukraine by Russia was not already underway. Psaki also announced that Biden would take part in a virtual meeting of the leaders of the G7 nations the following day. The White House added the late-afternoon address to Biden’s schedule as Vice President Kamala Harris met at the Munich Security Conference with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg and the leaders of NATO members Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was in Poland and Lithuania on Friday and Biden’s White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan was in Brussels, where NATO is headquartered. Harris flew to Europe Thursday to attend the three-day conference and is scheduled to give remarks on the crisis in Ukraine on Saturday morning. The vice president is also due to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, though it’s unclear if Zelensky will leave his country amid the threat of invasion. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said Friday that she met with the mayor of Ukraine’s capital in Munich and that “Mayor [Vitaliy] Klitschko conveyed the urgent concerns of the innocent people of Kyiv under threat of a Russian invasion and offered a strong voice for Ukrainian sovereignty.” Russian officials deny an invasion is in the works, but the US envoy to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) alleged Friday that Moscow has massed between 169,000 and 190,000 military personnel “in and near” Ukraine, up from approximately 100,000 as of Jan. 30. Biden threatened last week to penalize Russia by blocking operation of the Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline, which is poised to begin piping fuel directly to Germany via the Baltic Sea rather than through Ukraine. “If Russia invades — that means tanks or troops crossing the border of Ukraine, again — then there will be no longer a Nord Stream 2,” Biden said at a joint press conference with the German chancellor. Scholz appeared notably less enthused about the threat — saying “we are absolutely united” but pointedly refusing to say the words “Nord Stream 2.” Biden horrified Ukrainian officials last month when he said during a White House news conference that a “minor incursion” by Russia into Ukraine might result in less-severe penalties — with one Ukrainian official saying that the remark could give Putin a “green light” to invade. When Biden was vice president in 2014, Russia invaded the Crimean peninsula and then annexed the territory from Ukraine following a disputed referendum and allegedly fomented the rebellions by separtist states in eastern Ukraine.