Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov owns the largest superyacht in the world — and it will cost you the same as four supercars just to fill it up. The plush 512-foot vessel — which has the largest indoor pool ever installed on a superyacht — is said to cost up to $60 million to run every year. Dilbar, custom built for 68-year-old tycoon Usmanov, is the largest yacht in the world in terms of internal volume. Although the details of the vessel have mostly been kept under wraps, the behemoth boasts an 82-foot pool, two helipads for VIP guests, a beach deck and a floating observation bay. It reportedly has a vast 40,900 square feet of living space for 24 guests — and 1,000 cushions to keep them comfy. According to Boat International, Dilbar is usually run by a crew of 80 to help maintain the vessel and wait on her guests. But the crew can be ramped up to 96 members when needed – meaning Dilbar can carry as many as 120 people when sailing the seas at full capacity. For guests missing dry land, the vessel also features a huge garden complete with a specially developed variety of grass that tolerates the salty sea air. According to a video of the yacht being refueled on The Yacht Mogul Instagram account, a 500,000-liter refuel would cost up to $1.1 million with an average price of $2.20 per liter. But social media users said the costs sounded too much and that final price could also include personnel, the dock price and transportation. Yet taking into account the average price of fuel for yachts in the US, refueling would still reportedly cost nearly $588,000 to fill up — the same price as four supercars. One user pointed out: “If you spent $600M for the ship you certainly don’t care how much fuel cost!” The super-secretive yacht’s price is estimated between $600 million and $735 million based on its mammoth size. The owner, Usmanov, has an estimated net worth of $13 billion. The self-made billionaire made his fortune through investments in metals, media, telecommunications and sport, including a stake in Arsenal FC. Usmanov ordered Dilbar to replace his other superyacht — a 377-foot vessel which was previously called Dilbar and now known as Ona. German ship builder Lürssen said Dilbar was “one of the most complex and challenging yachts ever built, in terms of both dimensions and technology”. According to reports, a massive 683 miles of cabling — almost the same length as the total land borders of the country of Bhutan — was laid to power all of the amenities and facilities on board. Lürssen also claimed the 30,000kw electric-diesel hybrid power plant which Dilbar runs on is the most powerful to ever be fitted on a yacht. The gigantic vessel has a cruising speed of 22.5 knots. Dimitri Semenikhin, of Yacht Harbour, previously said: “Yacht projects of this scale never fail to impress, especially when Lurssen is involved. “Dilbar is constructed in such a way that even through helicopter photo shoots, none of its features can actually be seen other than her two helipads. “Although there are some outdoor spaces on the yacht, the majority of the living space is located indoors, which has led to Dilbar having the largest interior volume of any yacht ever built.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.