Nets fans are getting hopeful to finally seeing Kyrie Irving play this season at Barclays Center. But the most high-profile Nets fan of all has vowed that if and when it happens, it’ll be based on safety, not on sports. Irving has been ineligible to play in New York City because of his refusal to adhere to the city’s COVID-19 vaccine mandate. After Mayor Eric Adams announced Wednesday he has plans to loosen those mandates, he was asked on a recent TV appearance if it could happen in time for Irving to start playing for the Nets’ playoff run. “It is something that people are asking about,” Adams said Friday morning on PIX11. “Listen, you bring a championship game here, you bring in millions of dollars in revenue, but we cannot base our decisions on sports. “The real game we’re fighting is a game of safety and health, and we’re going to make the right decision for New Yorkers. I want that championship ring, but not at the expense of making sure we shut down our city again — and if it falls in line [it] falls in line, if it’s not we got to make the right decision for New Yorkers.” The city recorded 1,106 cases on Wednesday, according to state health department data — a 98 percent dip from Omicron’s peak. Adams praised lifting the outdoor mask rule and spoke about protocols loosening up. “Eventually we’re going to move to the place to ease up on many of these mandates so we can get back to a level of normality that we are looking for,” Adams said on PIX11. Irving has played just 14 games so far this season, all on the road. At this point he’s barred from playing at Barclays Center and the Garden, as well as in Toronto, and has shown no inclination whatsoever to get inoculated with the currently available vaccines. Now it seems increasingly likely he won’t have to. “It’s great, obviously. It’d be great for us to have Kyrie available for all our games,” Nets coach Steve Nash said recently. “Having said that, who knows? It’s not really in our control, so we leave it up to the mayor and wait patiently. “I think he’s working towards being able to play in every game, so if the mandate is lifted, the expectation would be that he could play in all our games. I think that’s what he’s been waiting for, what he’s excited about, and if the opportunity arises, the plan and the goal is for him to play every night.” Irving is averaging 24.2 points, 5.4 assists and 4.8 rebounds. And though the Nets are just 4-10 with Irving in the lineup, getting him on the court Saturday at defending champion Milwaukee will be key. The All-Star point guard can finally start to build some chemistry with newcomers Seth Curry and Andre Drummond, who arrived at the trade deadline and haven’t had a chance to play alongside Irving yet. He can also afford a clearly tired Patty Mills some much-needed rest. Still, there are no set dates for the city to roll back vaccine mandates, or guarantees that Irving will play home games before the postseason. “Oh, man, you know, that’s a whole other fight. Of course we would love for him to play, and course it doesn’t make sense. But I don’t make the rules on that, you know? Hopefully soon we can have him with us every game, though,” said Nets forward James Johnson, who was mildly encouraged by mayor Adams’ comments but was taking a “show me” approach. “Of course. But I don’t really get too encouraged with what people say.”