Whoopi Goldberg came back to “The View” Monday following her two-week suspension. Goldberg, 66, was unable to co-host the morning talk show after she made controversial remarks about the Holocaust on-air last month. “The Holocaust isn’t about race. No, it’s not about race,” the Oscar winner said on the Jan. 31 episode. “It’s about man’s inhumanity to man.” On Monday’s show, Goldberg looked back on her words and revealed that she wouldn’t stay away from hot button topics or issues. “I gotta tell you there’s something kind of marvelous about being on a show like this, because we are ‘The View’ and this is what we do. And sometimes we don’t do it as elegantly as we could,” Goldberg stated. “But it’s five minutes to get in important information about topics. And that’s what we try to do every day,” the “Ghost” actress continued. “And I want to thank everybody who reached out while I was away, and I’m telling you people reached out from places that made me go, ‘Wait, wait, what? Really?’ And it was amazing. And I listened to everything everybody had to say. And I was very grateful.” Goldberg added, “I hope it keeps all the important conversations happening, because we’re going to keep having tough conversations. And in part, because this is what we’ve been hired to do.” “And it’s not always pretty, as I said, and it’s not always as other people would like to hear. But it is an honor to sit at this table and be able to have these conversations because they’re important,” she concluded. “They’re important to us as a nation, and to us more so as a human entity.” Shortly after her Holocaust comments aired, Goldberg apologized for her utterances. She posted a tweet that offered her “sincerest apologies.” “On today’s show, I said the Holocaust ‘is not about race, but about man’s inhumanity to man.’ I should have said it is about both,” Goldberg penned. “As Jonathan Greenblatt from the Anti-Defamation League shared, ‘The Holocaust was about the Nazi’s systematic annihilation of the Jewish people — who they deemed to be an inferior race.’ I stand corrected,” she wrote. “The Jewish people around the world have always had my support and that will never waiver [sic]. I’m sorry for the hurt I have caused.” The Post reported Feb. 2 that Goldberg was “livid” after her suspension and threatened to quit “The View.” A source revealed that the “Color Purple” star feels “humiliated” at being disciplined by ABC execs after she followed their advice to apologize for her comments. “She feels ABC executives mishandled this. She followed their playbook. She went on ‘The Late Show With Stephen Colbert’ and then apologized again on ‘The View’ the next day,” the insider continued. Goldberg appeared on Colbert’s talk show and echoed her initial beliefs about the Holocaust. She insisted that the Nazis “had issues with ethnicity, not with race. Most of the Nazis were white people and most of the people they were attacking were white people. So to me, I’m thinking, ‘How can you say it’s about race if you are fighting each other?’ ” she told Colbert. “This wasn’t — I said — this wasn’t racial. This was about white on white,” she added. “It upset a lot of people which was never, ever, ever, ever my intention.”