Oh, these? They’re just a pair of effortlessly luxe sunglasses. And by our standards, there’s no such thing as too many sunnies. That’s why we’re bringing you the best places to shop designer sunglasses in 2022 for both men and women. From top retailers such as Sunglasses Hut, Saks Fifth Avenue, GlassesUSA and more, you can find gorgeous frames. Better yet, luxury brands such as DIOR, Ray-Ban, Gucci and Prada are just waiting to be discovered. The listed retailers don’t only house exquisite eyewear, but they also offer top-of-the-line glasses frames. So go ahead and keep reading to discover the 14 best retailers to shop luxury sunglasses for both men and women. Originally opened in the 60s, Saks Fifth Avenue makes some of the best of the best in the shopping industry. Discover designer sunglasses brands such as Gucci, DIOR, Celine and more. International retailer Sunglasses Hut has been bringing impeccable styles since the 70s. Shop brands like Ray-Bans, Prada, Burberry, Gucci, Oakley and Costa. Aussie eyewear brand Vehla is a force to be reckonned with. Everyone from Bella Hadid and Alessandra Ambrosio to Romee Strjid and Irina Shayk are obsessed with the brand’s frames, and we are too. The shopping mogul Amazon isn’t only home to flash deals and discounts but also top designer brands. Shop Gucci, Marc Jacobs, Coach, Prada, Versace and more sunglasses brands. Head over to GlassesUSA to score shades from brands like Gucci, Versace, Prada, Tom Ford, Persol. You can even find the perfect pair of designer prescription shades. The Italian luxury goods brand Salvatore Ferragamo is the one-stop luxe shop for both men and women. Shop the brand’s shades for even more options. Salvatore Ferragamo can also be discovered on Amazon here. Looking for some Dolce&Gabbana and Fenty? Or what about some classic Ray-Bans? No matter what you’re searching for, Bergdorf Goodman has your back (er, eyes). Home to sleek frames and decadent lenses, Christopher Cloos makes some of the best sunnies around. The brand also features two special collections from Tom Brady and Elsa Hosk. Christopher Cloos can also be discovered on Amazon here. Show off your designer eyewear. DIOR, Balmain, Dita, Celine and more are waiting to be discovered. As if we needed another reason to love Nordstrom, the retailer sells ideal designer sunglasses for both men and women. Brands include Tom Ford, Celine, Burberry, Gucci, Quay and more. Make a scene in some SOLSTICE Sunglasses finds. Brands like Chloé, DIOR, Maui Jimm and Carrera are available for purchase. If you know about sunglasses, you know about DIFF Eyewear. Shop various styles such as oversized frames, cat eye frames and classic looks. DIFF Eyewear can also be discovered on Amazon here. It only makes sense that the luxury department store Bloomingdales sells luxurious designer shades. Land a pair of Tory Burch, Prada, Saint Laurent or Krewe sunnies. Everyone needs at least one pair of Ray-Bans within their sunglasses collection. Scour the website and find your ideal pair. Ray-Bans can also be discovered on Amazon here. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.