The fresh scents of spring are coming on the backs of the cool winter winds, bringing with them florals, linens and all the smells that make spring so delightful. However, if you aren’t quite ready to crack a window and let the chill in (or the allergies) then may we suggest lighting a springtime candle instead? Candles — big and small, one wick or of  Bravo’s controversial three-wick variety — are the easiest way to set the mood and make any room warm and bright with a flicker of a flame and a yummy scent to go with. Best yet, a candle is one the best and easiest gifts to give during any season, as who wouldn’t want a delicious scented candle to help make their house feel like a home. The Post combed through all the options on the Internet and found the best spring candles that have a seasonal scent, funny slogan and even have gifts inside the wax for an added bonus. Read on and let the scents of springtime get you excited for the season ahead. Breathe in the sweet smells of the island air without ever leaving home. This spring and summer scent is from Sweet Water Decor, shoppable on Amazon in a variety of other smells as well. We picked this one for spring though, as the notes of citrus and mountain greens make us dream of warm weather and good times. Feel at home with this cozy candle and limited edition collaboration. Grove Co. has partnered with interior designer and television personality Jeremiah Brent to design this limited edition candle perfect for setting the springtime mood. The green color is stunning in any space and the scents of eucalyptus and cypress bring in a freshness that only comes in spring. There’s something magical about the spring and Diptique knows just how to capture it into a candle. This limited edition packaging is almost too pretty to open — that is until you smell the rose-scented candle inside. Then you’ll be dying to light the wick, leaving your home smelling of roses and fresh blooms. Nest in your home and watch the spring birds do the same as winter becomes spring. The Nest New York seasonal scent is out, smelling of driftwood and calming camomile to set the scene for spring. The vessel and candle are a light blue that reminds us of the clear sky and will look good on any window sill or countertop. If you love the sweet smell of ripe fruits, this candle is for you. The Sweet Fig scent is just one of many from Brooklyn Candle Studio, but we love it for springtime and beyond. “Made in Brooklyn, New York with 100% soy wax for an eco-friendly clean burn. We use lead-free cotton wicks and premium fragrance oils infused with essential oils. Our candles are vegan, cruelty-free, phthalate-free, and petroleum-free,” reads the product page. If you are obsessed with the sweet spring scents normally found in Curie deodorant and self care products, now you can have them in candle form. The candles come in three scents perfect for spring, including white tea, orange Negroni and grapefruit cassis, all of which have a have a 55 hour burn time for the most luxe baths or you-time. Celebrate spring with Rosie Jane, Laila Lou and all your other friends. The Leila Lou scent is perfect for spring, combining the smells of pear, jasmine and fresh cut grass — what could be more topical than that? The candles are all made of 100% coconut wax and are paraben, phthalate and cruelty free, so you can burn them for the full 60 hours without any worry. Ever wanted to match your hair care to your home scent? Now you can with this tempting scent from R+Co. called Dark Waves. It burns for an average of 62 hours and is both vegan and cruelty free. “Elevate your senses with Dark Waves for an air of sensual sophistication. This luxurious, long-lasting candle has top notes of Citrus and Sichuan Pepper with a base of Blonde Woods, Amber, and Patchouli. A richly-scented, intriguing aroma,” reads the product page. If you’re homesick for somewhere or feeling stir crazy in your own home, these candles are for you. Homesick has the remedy with their collection of scents inspired by destinations all over the world — and the comforting memories associated with them. The 13¾-ounce jar has a burn time of 60 to 80 hours, making this the longest vacation ever, no comp-time needed. Here’s a birthday candle you won’t want to blow out. These customizable candles are a perfect birthday gift that is as unique as they are aesthetically pleasing to have in your own home. Simply enter in the recipient’s birthdate and the candle company does the rest, adding a horoscope label to the candle that shows their zodiac, strengths, weaknesses and the official name of the date they were born. There’s nothing better than a beautiful meal and a table setting with candles, and nothing worse than leftover stale cooking smells. Brightland now has a candle for both needs, serving as a digestif for your kitchen to burn during or after cooking and leave lit on the table while you sip real digestifs after your meal. The candle itself smells of Neroli, black pepper and Vetiver and can burn up to 40 hours. Celebrate the start of winter with Sicily Hill and their ultra-luxe candle set that comes in a leather-bag-inspired candle box, complete with a buckle and handle should you want to transport the candle in style. As suggested by the site, this will transform your home into your favorite coffee shop without ever leaving home, so you can have your pumpkin spice latte and smell the fresh cappuccino at the same time. “Enjoy this candle in the mornings as you sip a cup of coffee, read a book, and prepare for the day ahead,” reads the product page. If you’re sick of sending emails and video meetings from home, kick off the spring with a bit of humor. From candle company Here For The Burn, there is a choice of five different scents, no matter the message. Choose mango guava, reminding us all of the warmer days ahead, go for a more earthy smell with bergamot, green grass and Tonka bean or mix and match strong and sweet with musky amber and rose. Cross your favorite aromatherapy oils with the warmth of a great candle and you get this pick from ESPA Skincare. “To help you see the world in a better light, burn our brightly-scented Positivity Aromatic Candle to ease negativity. This hand-poured natural soy wax candle is infused with our unique Positivity Signature Blend, which harnesses the potency of aromatherapy oils using a spirit-lifting combination of Jasmine, Gardenia and Rose Geranium,” reads the product description. Relax and turn your home into a spa-like setting with this calming candle. The scent was designed for an actual spa, so it’s no surprise that the smells of sea salt, lavender, bergamot and more to put us into a deep lull. The candle comes in a larger size that burns between 70 and 75 hours. You’ve hit the jackpot with this candle. A two-in-one gift, Jackpot Candle comes in a variety of sweet scents like lavender, birthday cake and caramel latte. And just beneath the wax surface lies the second gift: a ring worth anywhere from $15 to $5,000. Pick a ring size to make sure the jewelry will fit, and then burn the wooden wick until your ring is revealed. From the experts on all things candles, the trending scent of spring is the Japanese-inspired Sakura Blossom Festival candle. “Sitting under the blooming cherry trees, enjoy the sweet bouquet of rose and freesia during the sakura blossom festival,” reads the product description. The largest size, a 22-ounce jar, purportedly burns for 110 to 150 hours. To get specific, the candle combines notes of apples, rose, cherry blossom, vanilla and almond milk. Celebrate the smells of spring with this lavender candle that is also 100% plant-based, toxin-free and safe for your home and everyone in them. The company believes in full transparency when it comes to its ingredients, listing them right on the site. “99% of candles on the market today have petroleum-based ingredients, whether in the wax itself or in the fragrance, which pose potential health risks. We combine perfumery expertise with an unrivaled commitment to using only the purest, plant-based ingredients, to offer home fragrance that’s safer and more natural, without compromising on beautiful scent,” reads the product page. This one is for the luxe lovers out there, although the $215 candle may be too pretty to ever light. From designer Fornasetti, this 10-ounce candle is decorated with your choice of design between lips or stunning architecture, handmade on an Earthenware jar, with a hand-poured wax that gives off a scent of Mediterranean herbs, wood tones and incense. “Italian painter, sculptor, interior decorator and engraver Piero Fornasetti has one of the largest and most recognizable bodies of work. His muse, 19th-century operatic soprano Lina Cavalieri, inspired his most famous designs. Now reimagined by his son, Barnaba, the iconic legacy of art can be found in a line of home décor. Every piece created is painstakingly handcrafted making no two pieces alike,” reads the product description. When in doubt, go with pink to lighten any mood and add a pop of color to any room. This candle, sold at Sephora, is pink on the inside and out, giving off a delicious scent of roses and rain. The Overose brand is a Parisian perfume house, so it’s no wonder the scent of this candle is reminiscent of a top-shelf parfum de Paris. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.