Talk about building buzz. The Empire State Building‘s marketing team has been getting Gen Z excited about the skyscraper with cheeky TikToks posted on the 1,454-foot-tall landmark’s verified account, many of which attack other New York City buildings. In one witty post, a young content creator dressed as an Empire State Building tour guide mouths along with a sassy voiceover proclaiming, “Ladies and gentleman, [here is some] very sexy garbage.” The camera then pans dramatically across the city, zooming in on a rival bit of skyline: the far less lovely 432 Park Avenue tower. Zoomers are giving the strange humor high marks. “Oooo I love building on building slander,” wrote one of the @EmpireStateBldg’s more than 291,300 followers. The skyscraper’s VP of Marketing, Abigail Rickards, told The Post that the icon’s social media popularity has skyrocketed nearly 400% since October, when it had only 60,000 followers.  In recent months, she and her team have embarked on a concerted effort to pump up the tower’s online presence by giving the structure a unique personality. “We wanted to humanize the building, and we felt that by adding faces and mascots to it, we’d be able to relate to more people,” Rickards said. Fans are loving it. “I am so into this account it’s unreal,” posted one follower. “[This is] my favorite tiktok account,” chimed another. One of the most liked posts has been viewed nearly 3 million times. It features human eyes and lips superimposed on the 91-year-old art deco high-rise, allowing it to berate a neighboring tower with a clip from Tyra Banks from “America’s Next Top Model” providing the audio. Rickards was hesitant to reveal much about those creating the towering content — a young man and woman featured in the videos — but she would say that “In January, we hired these two amazing content creators, who are able execute all the [cool TikTok trends] online.” “We had an interview process,” she continued. “We wanted to make sure that we hired people who were fun, open minded and who’d be able to creatively showcase the Empire State Building as an [exciting] New York City attraction.” The hilarious twosome — whose videos have included Beyoncé-inspired dance challenges, SpongeBob SquarePants voiceover reenactments and observatory discos with “Sesame Street” stars Elmo and Cookie Monster — may be anonymous, but they’re enjoying their own 15 minutes of fame. “Last week, they were recognized [by fans] in Starbucks,” Rickards laughed. “That was very exciting for them.”