Put your money where your mouth is. Well, where your heart is, at least. Using your dollars for good is great, especially when you can get what you need and give back all at the same time. This is the thought behind many partnerships between brands and charities, collaborating for the greater good and forming give-back missions that donate a portion of proceeds to a plethora of causes. Since June is Pride Month, we wanted to give this article a refresh with brands that actively support the LGBTQIA+ community. However, we focused on brands that give back throughout the year, not just the 30 days of the month. We sorted through the rainbow of brands giving back this year to find the ones that have the queer community’s mission at their core — choosing those that give back in monetary donations to LGBTQIA+ organizations year-round or offer some sort of support network for the community at large. To help you shop with your heart, we rounded up brands with give-back programs and charity partnerships that you can feel good about shopping at in 2022. We will update this list periodically for holidays and awareness months, so be sure to bookmark this article and come back often. Everybody needs good underwear, and we mean every body. TomboyX was founded with that mission in mind, creating gender-neutral and affirming pieces that also span a wide range of sizes. Be sure to shop their Pride ’22 collection now but also year-round to support their team, made up of 30% LGBTQ+, 77% female-led, and 35% BIPOC and their continuous charity efforts to various groups. Celebrate Pride this month with Abercrombie’s collection, but give back all year long with their mission. Bestsellers have been their new gender-inclusive Pride Fierce Cologne, but don’t miss the great collection of tanks, shorts, hoodies and more with subtle designs you can rock all summer long. “In support of Pride 2022 and our ongoing partnership, Abercrombie is donating $400,000 to The Trevor Project, regardless of sales. To date, we’ve raised over $2.8 million for The Trevor Project,” reads the company’s page. Feel comfortable and confident in your jeans and your own skin at Levi’s. For many years, the brand has strongly supported human rights, including racial equality and the LGBTQIA+ community. Shop this year’s Pride collection here, and then make sure to read the stories of the queer community members on the Levi’s blog. Regarding charity, Levi’s makes an annual donation of $100,000 to OutRight Action International for global human rights for the LGBTQIA+ community. This year, Peace Out Skincare has a Pride collection in collaboration with The Trevor Project, donating 20% of profits from all Pride collection sales, including the limited-edition acne dots and the Peace Out to Paradise skincare set. The founder, Enrico Frezza, shares his coming-out story on the site as well, explaining why the company cares about the LGBTQIA+ community year-round. This brand believes in giving back every day of the year, which is why Kate Spade has a variety of charities connected to it. Not only in June but every month, it maintains strong partnerships with The Trevor Project, The Born This Way Foundation, Crisis Text Line, and so many more. Specifically for Pride 2022, check out the Rainbow Shop, in which 10% of net profits go to The Trevor Project directly. The brand donates year-round as well, with $70,000 collected so far. Shop with a mission in mind at Michael Kors. The brand has been committed to human rights since its inception and shows no signs of stopping. This year, shop the Pride 2022 collection and know that 100% of the proceeds from the stylish rainbow tote and wristlet will go to the OutRight Action International organization. In addition, the brand also runs the nonprofit Kors Cares, which focuses on food insecurity in New York and around the world. Be kind to all of humankind with this inclusive swim and sports brand. Humankind was founded by Haily Marzullo, a queer woman who wanted to make swimwear as inclusive and gender-affirming as possible. This year, shop the Pride collection for an assortment of swim tops, trunks and accessories for the pool, created for queer people, by queer people. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.