You won’t be sick as a dog with these furry friends by your side. Owning pets is linked to lower stress and blood pressure and contributes to maintaining a sharp memory, according to new research that’s sure to get tails wagging. “Prior studies have suggested that the human-animal bond may have health benefits like decreasing blood pressure and stress,” said study leader Dr. Tiffany Braley, according to Daily Mail. “Our results suggest pet ownership may also be protective against cognitive decline.” Researchers from the University of Michigan Medical Center tested more than 1,300 people who were 65 years old on average. While 53% of them already had animals, a third of the sampled group had owned their precious pets for more than five years. The participants then had to recall a list of 10 words immediately after hearing them, then again after five minutes. They also counted backward from 20, and then from 100 by subtracting seven from each number, according to the Daily Mail. At the end of the study, researchers found that, after six years, the long-term pet owners scored higher on average than those without pets. Previous scientific evidence has shown that stress leads to a cognitive decline, but pets can reduce that stress, keeping their owners cognitively able. But the study’s authors, who presented the findings at the annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology, said people with better cognitive skills may be more likely to have pets, as they can keep up with the responsibility of pet ownership. The head of research at Alzheimer’s Research UK, Dr. Rosa Sancho, responded to the research, saying, “Humans love their animals, and pets can be an important source of companionship and comfort throughout our lives.” The study, she continued, can’t tell experts if pet ownership contributes to long-term health benefits or if it can lower dementia risk. “This research has yet to be published and it’s not yet possible to unpick the reasons behind the link the researchers have observed,” Sancho said.