Many people are trying to cash in on the hot Hawaiian real estate market, but with soaring prices and a home in the Aloha State now averaging $1 million, it’s not always possible. However, this might be your chance. A bamboo shack newly built on the Island of Hawaii is up for sale for only $165,000. And while it doesn’t necessarily have most features of a typical house, it may be perfect for someone who is just looking for a simple getaway. The only enclosed room with a built-in wall is the sole bedroom, which measures a modest 100 square feet, on the second floor. Everything else — including the kitchen, the bathroom and the stairs to the second level — are outside. But the bathroom is at least enclosed with bamboo walls. Located at 94-6351 Pele St. in Naalehu — considered one of the southernmost neighborhoods in America — the property is situated in the Ka’ū Forest Reserve and is only a half-hour drive to Hawai’i Volcanoes National Park and five minutes to the beach. “It’s a super unique property located near the quaint town,” Ivory Kalber, who holds the listing with eXp Realty, told The Post. “Would be perfect for any buyer looking to live off the grid. Maybe someone looking for a change wants to live closely with the land and enjoy beautiful views.” “It’s a real opportunity for someone that wants a lifestyle change,” Kalber added. “Someone who wants to live sustainably and green.” According to Kalber, she helped the current owner buy the land about a year ago. He built the home from scratch and is now motivated to sell it as he moves to Portugal. So while you won’t be entirely shielded from the elements of nature, the listing notes you’ll get ready “to fall in love” with the “sunrises and the sunsets.” “The ocean and mountain views are stunning from this property,” the listing states. Meanwhile, electricity and water aren’t acquired the normal way — by, say, flicking a light switch or twisting a sink knob. Instead, for electricity, there is a solar “Photo-Voltaic System” that comes with six panels and six brand new batteries, with the listing noting that the “seller has had no issues powering the lights, radio, refrigerator, water pump, etc.” And for water, the home features a “Water Catchment system” — or two small tanks that catch water for use. “Seller has never run out. Water delivery services are available as well,” the listing states. On the upper level is a 100-square-foot lanai, boasted as “great for dining, relaxing and enjoying the fresh ocean air.” The entire property is situated on a quarter-acre and surrounded by many plants and fruit trees including papayas, bananas, avocado and aloe. 