Nick Kyrgios’ ex Chiara Passari has a bone to pick with Brittany Hockley. Hockley, who has been linked to tennis player Jordan Thompson, recently hosted Kyrgios on her “Life Uncut” podcast, which apparently didn’t sit well with Passari, who alleged Hockley was only interested in raising her profile. “You were there alongside us most of the travels and only had interests in connecting with the famous people, you know how Nick really was but you still acted blind towards it in hopes to climb to the top,” Parassi commented on Hockley’s Instagram post, according to News.com.au. Passari, who split from Kygios in October 2021, also claimed the Australian tennis star used similar words and phrases to describe their relationship when he opened up about his new girlfriend, Costeen Hatzi, on Hockley’s podcast. “Nick did and said ALL the exact same things in the first months of being with me too. Saying ‘I was the one’, ‘it was love at first sight’ when we first met,” Passari said. Hockley replied to Passari’s messages, stating the latter’s accusations are “not true.” “I’m confused, This has nothing to do with your relationship? I am sorry it didn’t work out with you… But I was there with my boyfriend, and in turn his friends and colleagues,” Hockley posted, per the Daily Mail. “You know what you’ve just said about me is not true. You don’t know me so you cannot make this claim. We both know this to be true. Im not disputing what he did or didn’t say about you either? This interview didn’t have anything to do with you…” she continued. “I’m not going to have a public conversation with you about this and I’m not sure why you would want to. I am genuinely sorry you were so hurt in your relationship but please don’t bring me into this and make nasty claims about me when it has nothing to do with me.” Passari then hit back, “I didn’t say it had anything to do with my relationship. I do know you and what was was true from what I saw. “Just saying if you had any girl code you wouldn’t be sticking up or having someone like him on your podcast when you saw FIRST HAND how he was.” Hockley later followed up, “I am replying to you out of courtesy, not because I want a conversation here. Again, this has nothing to do with me.” Passari has been candid about her past romance with Kyrgios, who made his relationship with Hatzi public in December 2021. In a recent interview with Daily Mail Australia, Passari alleged Kyrgios “moves on [quickly] because he is too afraid to be alone.” Hatzi, meanwhile, was present for Kyrgios’ run at last month’s Australian Open, when he fell to Russia’s Daniil Medvedev in the second round, but had a thrilling run to the men’s doubles title with fellow Australian Thanasis Kokkinakis.