As the losses have piled up, and the big blown leads have added to the misery of what is becoming a lost year, a need for blame placement has arisen. The Knicks aren’t going anywhere, and everyone wants to know why. One top team executive believes he knows the reason: Tom Thibodeau. Executive vice president William Wesley has been “at least in part” faulting Thibodeau in conversations with owner James Dolan, according to an SNY report, pointing the finger at the reigning NBA Coach of the Year as the Knicks have slid out of playoff position and all the way to nine games under .500 at the All-Star break. “The byproduct of losing is everyone wants to place blame,” Thibodeau said after the Knicks blew a 28-point, second-quarter lead to the Nets on Wednesday at the Garden. “We all have jobs. It’s not going as great as it has. It didn’t go great last year until the end. Lock into what we have to do. Don’t get caught up in getting distracted. Focus on how we can do better. That’s where I want the focus to lie.” The report did not say that Thibodeau’s ouster is imminent. After all, he was hired in 2020 by president Leon Rose and Wesley, and led the Knicks to a stunning postseason berth a year ago. He has a long history of success, reaching the playoffs seven times in his nine prior seasons as an NBA head coach, and hasn’t had one of his best players, guard Derrick Rose (ankle surgery), since mid-December. Leon Rose, Wesley and Thibodeau have a long-standing relationship, but they may not be in lockstep these days. Thibodeau was unhappy privately after the Knicks didn’t make any moves at the trade deadline, and he has been resistant to playing newcomer Cam Reddish major minutes. Thibodeau, The Post’s Marc Berman has reported, was against the move for the former one-and-done lottery pick out of Duke. It would be understandable if the front office wasn’t pleased with the coach, as his rotations and lineups haven’t produced desired results. The Knicks have lost three games this month in which they have held a 20-point lead, becoming the first team in 25 years to do so, and are four games in the loss column out of the playoffs with a brutal schedule looming. Thibodeau’s decision to have star guard RJ Barrett still in the game in the final minute of a Feb. 8 blowout loss to the Nuggets that led to him spraining his ankle, and missing the last four games, certainly hasn’t helped the coach. The 21-year-old Barrett, averaging a career-best 18.0 points in his third year in the league, is expected to return after the break. Thibodeau is expected to still be the Knicks’ coach at that point. How long he remains on the sideline, however, is uncertain as this once-promising season heads in the wrong direction.