Let’s get fired up! The snow moon will rise above the Earth on the night of Feb. 16, 2022. Perfect for the Valentine’s season, this lunation will put you in the mood for passion and love. Discover how your zodiac sign will be affected here! For more information on the snow moon, check out the information after the horoscopes. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Prepare to unleash your passions and roar, Aries! The snow moon will electrify your heart, spirit and loins! This is one of the best times in the year to recharge your love batteries, so if single, get out there and mingle! Committed Aries can enjoy a whirlwind romance with their sweetheart, so make plans for a special date night. Last, and certainly not least, if looking to conceive, you’ll have one of the luckiest periods of your entire life to do so. It’s time to nest, Taurus! The snow moon will be encouraging you to snuggle up at home over a romantic candlelit dinner. Some Tauruses may be in the process of moving, changing their living space up or even hosting a dazzling home event. If you’d like to make any changes to your home in the year to come, now would be a perfect time to go shopping. Speak your truth, Gemini! The snow moon is turning up the volume on your thoughts, ideas and words. People’s ears are perking up to hear what you have to say. Some Geminis could be in the process of releasing a milestone writing, speaking, advertising or communications-related endeavor. A contract may pop up for you to sign, too. Last, if needing a change of pace, set out to go investigate special gems and be a tourist in your town. Wealth is calling your name, Cancer. The snow moon is bringing a bountiful shift to your finances. A new job, raise, side hustle or large check could manifest before your eyes. However, don’t just get complacent and wait for it to come to you. Get on the prowl to become rich. Step into the spotlight and treat this week like you’re on the runway, Leo! The snow moon will ignite your spirit and give you the courage to roar louder than ever before. A major personal goal, dream or hope could now be within reach. Work toward what sets your soul on fire and it will very easily be yours. It’s time for a spa-day, Virgo! Bust out your mud masks, lotions and scented candles because it’s time to treat yourself! Relax, breathe and kick your feet up. You’ve been working hard for so very long, you deserve a little TLC. Feeling stressed? Download a mindfulness app or register for a session with a therapist. Light the fireworks, you’re the main event, Libra! Prepare to be surrounded by many people who love, worship and adore you. A major social event will likely pop up on your radar. Single Libras will have a great chance to meet someone new or date within their network. Committed Libras can dust off their hottest outfits and circulate amongst town with their boo as a popular power couple. Become crowned in glory, victory and drama, Scorpio! Everyone’s watching your star skyrocket. The snow moon could bring a significant achievement or victory your way. If unhappy with your professional life, use this time to go in a new direction or look for a better job that values your skills and talents. Let your spirit sing, Sagittarius. Your mind and soul will be energized! Use the snow moon’s energy like a booster rocket to pursue personal and intellectual growth. Wisdom will be around every corner at this time, so find ways welcome it in like the light of the sun. Travel, academics and media pursuits could bring great fortune and happiness now. Take a deep look at your relationships now, Capricorn. Are you getting everything that you require or are you doing all the heavy lifting? The snow moon will bring out the truth. However, another way this lunation could affect you is by drawing attention to your wealth, assets and investment portfolio. See if there’s any way to maximize your flow to gain mega bucks. Are you growing closer or are you going your separate ways? The snow moon will bring a major focus to your partnerships and relationships, Aquarius. Happy unions will grow closer in the form of making long-term plans, moving in, getting engaged or being wed. However, if there’s friction, you may instead decide it’s time to move on. Prepare to be quite busy, Pisces! The snow moon is energizing you to assess your work-life balance and streamline your productivity. A major milestone professional project may now be getting finished up or you may end up leaving one job to head to the next. If unemployed, the stars are now in favor to see a change. Last, since this snow moon may make you feel a bit tired, take a moment to assess your health and fitness. Full moons occur when our majestic moon reaches her greatest light. These periods symbolize turning points, culminations, endings or awakenings. They are often emotional and begin to creep up on us a few days prior and echo for the week that follows them. Full moons are connected to new moons, and this particular one will echo the themes, situations and discussions that began near Aug. 8, 2021. Reflect back on that period and see how much progress you’ve made since then. The snow moon was originally named because February is on average the snowiest month of the year. The snow moon this year is also a full moon in Leo. This fire sign’s vibes will energize our lives. Leo rules creativity, expression, sports, recreation, romance and fertility. Leo oversees artists, performers and children. We will feel eager to live from the heart and pursue our passions. This full moon has no major planetary aspects to color its light, but on this same day, Mars, the planet of passion, and Venus, the planet of romance, will unite in the sky. This is often a sign of soulmate connections entering our lives, as we pursue romance, dating and sex. As Mars and Venus are the cosmic lovers and Leo rules both creativity and romance, expect that these energies to be especially expansive at this time. The full moon of February has many names that have trickled down from Native American culture and proliferated through the Farmer’s Almanac. Other names for this lunation are bald eagle moon or eagle moon (Cree), bear moon (Ojibwa), black bear moon (Tlingit), raccoon moon (Dakota), groundhog moon (Algonquin), goose moon (Haida), or month of the bony moon and hungry moon (Cherokee). The snow moon reaches fullness on Feb. 16, 2022 at 28 degrees of Leo. View it at 11:59 a.m. (Eastern time). When is the next full moon? Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured on ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.