A penthouse with a celebrity-filled history — once home to superstar music-makers Britney Spears, Cher, Keith Richards and Russell Simmons — has hit the market for $7 million, The Post has learned. Made up of four bedrooms and four-and-a-half baths over its four floors, Spears lived in the home for four years, including the milestone year she wrote the Grammy-winning smash hit “Toxic” in 2003. She initially purchased the penthouse in 2002 for $3 million under the LLC “One More Time.” During the time she lived there, the pop singer combined two units at 14 East 4th St. — apartments 1109 and 1110. Cher became the unit’s first residential owner after purchasing the penthouse in NoHo’s Silk Building in the 1980s for an undisclosed amount. During her time in the residence, she turned an old greenhouse into a gym with an outdoor shower. In 1990, she sold it to Russell Simmons for $1.6 million, records show. Simmons never changed a thing in the home, including its faux leopard-skin upholstery. Six years later, Simmons sold the residence, losing $1.52 million in the deal. The home was briefly available to rent for $24,000 per month in 2016 and has since glided on and off the market. The “rarely found quad-plex” is accessible through an elevator that opens on any of its four levels. Spanning 3,785 square feet, the unit boasts jetliner views of the city. The main floor, on the 12th story, features an open floor plan with soaring ceilings that span almost 12-feet. The living and dining room are complete with a wood-burning fireplace. The expansive chef’s kitchen comes complete with Sub Zero, KitchenAid and Viking appliances. Upstairs, the penthouse level offers a den and outdoor terrace larger than most NYC one-bedrooms, spanning upwards of 400 square feet. Next to this is a potential spare bedroom or game room space with a full bath, according to the listing. The lower two levels, on the 10th and 11th floors, feature two bedrooms with custom closets and en-suite, fully renovated bathrooms. The master suite holds a wood-burning fireplace and a wet bar. The full-service loft building comes with a 24-hour doorman and is near the exclusive private club Zero Bond while KYU Miami is opening downstairs. Ian Slater and Eduardo Martinez with Compass hold the listing.