The Nets are expected to sign free agent Goran Dragic, adding a heady guard and battle-tested playoff veteran who has a relationship with Steve Nash. After adding both LaMarcus Aldridge and Blake Griffin in the buyout market last season, the Nets went back to the well again to land Dragic. The former All-Star had been bought out by San Antonio right after the Feb. 10 trade deadline, and had been pursued by a number of teams, including the defending champion Bucks. But the Nets ended up prevailing in a move first reported by The Athletic and confirmed by The Post. The Nets will waive Jevon Carter to make room on the roster for Dragic, according to ESPN. In Dragic — actively recruited by Nash, whom Dragic has called a mentor — they add backcourt size, a capable backup and proven crunch-time performer with 56 postseason appearances and 37 starts. They also keep him away from the Bucks, whom they could have to deal with in the Eastern Conference playoffs. Milwaukee had been considered the favorites for Dragic’s services due not only to their status as champions but also because of the promise of playing time. But the Nets’ backcourt is in flux, with former MVP James Harden traded to Philadelphia, no indication of when incoming Ben Simmons will make his season debut and Kyrie Irving still unvaccinated and ineligible to play in New York or Toronto. Unless mandates change, Irving will be eligible for just eight more regular-season games — and only one of the Nets’ final eight. Irving and recently acquired Seth Curry are both 6-foot-2 and Patty Mills even smaller at 6-1, while Dragic is 6-3. Dragic can still play a major role for Brooklyn, depending on how long he takes to ramp up — Nets’ fans two least-favorite words — and how much he has left in the tank. Both are very relevant questions. Dragic averaged 13.4 points and 4.4 assists for Miami last season, essentially in line with his career figures of 13.9 and 4.8. But he was nowhere near as productive in the little bit of time he played earlier this season. Playing for Toronto, Dragic mustered just 1.6 points, 2.8 rebounds and a lone assist in 18.0 minutes over five games. And the 35-year-old Dragic hasn’t played at all since Nov. 13. Toronto GM Bobby Webster announced two weeks later that “Goran is taking some time away from the team, with our full support, to manage a personal matter.” Dragic never played for the Raptors again, traded to San Antonio — eventually getting bought out — and working out in South Florida where he lives in the offseason. But Dragic did surface to attend the Nets’ Feb. 12 game in Miami, a spirited 115-112 loss to the Heat. Dragic played 190 games alongside Nash, serving as the latter’s backup in Phoenix from 2008-11. And he has spent almost as much time with Nets assistant Amar’e Stoudemire, playing 177 games alongside the big man first with the Suns (2008-10) and then in Miami (2015-16). Dragic and James Johnson also played 175 games together over four seasons in Miami. Milwaukee had a need for Dragic, having lost Pat Connaughton to injury and dealt away Donte DeVincenzo, but they did sign recently waived Net DeAndre’ Bembry. In the end, not only could the Nets offer a role and presumably contention, but also personal relationships as well. The Nets have the option of stretching Carter’s $3.9 million salary for next season over three years. If they do so, it would leave a cap hit of just $1.3 million each season through 2024-25, according to Hoopshype cap expert Yossi Gozlan.