An Asian-American woman going home was followed into her apartment and brutally murdered by a career criminal who should have been in jail (“Stalked,” Feb. 14). Thanks to our reformed laws, this is being repeated on a daily basis. It’s time for our elected officials to represent us, and not the criminal element. I realize that may be hard to do in criminal-coddling New York, but it’s something that must be done. Bill Isler Queens Another heartbreaking tragedy: A young woman brutally murdered, allegedly by a violent, homeless criminal who should have been locked up long ago. Apparently no matter how many warrants you have for skipping court, you will not be sent to jail — certainly not for viciously attacking people. When are we going to lock these people up and throw away the key? Carol Meltzer Manhattan Don’t try to make this a hate crime. This animal couldn’t care less what nationality his prey was. He just wanted to murder someone, and Lee became his victim. I hope Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg and Gov. Hochul have their reactional comments rehearsed, just in case they’re questioned by the press. When are they going to realize that as long as these criminals are being released without bail, the blood of their victims is on their hands? Dick Mills Bardonia Another Asian-American has been tracked down and slaughtered in New York City. This city has become a cauldron of hatred and violence against Asian-Americans. Nash was let out of jail, and he did what any thinking person knew he would do: He allegedly found another target, and this time his actions were fatal. These prosecutors, led by Manhattan DA Bragg, and the politicians who support no-bail and closing down prisons will never change. This crime, sadly, will not stop. These cold-blooded criminal-lovers must be voted out of office. Catherine Adago Manhattan Why are the police investigating the death of Yuna Lee as “a possible hate crime”? Surely the police are aware that there has been a pattern of violent attacks against Asians for the past two years. Unfortunately, the authorities — from Albany, including Gov. Hochul, right down to DA Bragg — don’t have a clue. They have put our legal system into reverse and are more concerned about the rights of the criminals rather than victims. As a result, career criminals such as Assamad Nash are free to walk the streets and cause terror. Mayor Adams is a former member of the NYPD, yet it is becoming rather obvious that he doesn’t have a clue. His plan to fight crime is going to have little impact because it is not aggressive enough. Nicholas Maffei Yonkers Forgive me for sounding cold, but I can’t help but wonder how many victims in New York City are the very people who brought this preventable crime wave down on the city by voting for soft-on-crime Democrats. How many people in Christina Yuna Lee’s building are now fearful every day for their lives? Yet how many of them will continue to vote for Democrats? You can’t expect anything to get better if you keep voting the same way. You voted for more crime, and now you have it. John Dumary Duanesburg Another innocent life was grotesquely taken, allegedly by another criminal out on bail. Three of Nash’s cases are still pending, and one of them was for assault. Exactly how has society failed Assamad Nash to warrant his behavior? It hasn’t, but Mayor Adams and DA Bragg have failed Christina Yuna Lee. The talk seems to come easily. We’ll see about the action. We all know what they say about talk. Joe Schulok The Bronx Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.