On Tuesday, former President Donald Trump gave fresh reaction to the shocking allegations by special prosecutor John Durham that Hillary Clinton’s campaign paid tech experts to infiltrate his servers and spy on him, his presidential campaign and office of the president while he was commander in chief. “Congratulations to John Durham for revealing what many people thought but were unable to say. This crime on the campaign and my apartment, but even more importantly the White House itself is of monumental importance, far bigger than Watergate. These crooks, vandals and lowlifes must be brought to justice. The world is watching as the lame stream media continues to hide and obstruct the truth. They are under watch, and time will tell whether they can ever regain the status they once held,” Trump told me via a statement on Tuesday. I also spoke with Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) in an exclusive interview yesterday who said: “Michael Sussmann paid this Joffe guy (Rodney Joffe) to data-mine and come up with something that could infer, create an inference that’s good enough for the FBI to start an investigation into the Trump campaign so they can use that information to win the 2016 presidential election. “A classic dirty political trick that didn’t work to win the election but worked phenomenally well to handicap a president throughout his entire presidency. The American public ought to be outraged by what happened here, but the silence in the media is revealing. I’ve never believed the media was really duped; I think many members of the media were completely complicit.” Alarmingly, he said: “It’s a massive conspiracy. The only question I have right now is who all was involved, what did people know and when did they know it? “Who’s the ringleader here? Was it Clinton? Was it John Podesta? Was it Marc Elias? Michael Sussmann? I think it’s all the above. “Is it James Clapper, John Brennan, James Comey, Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, Bill Priestap; it’s all the same cast of characters. I didn’t come here (Washington, D.C.) to investigate, but I became chairman of the Senate Oversight Committee, and when the Hillary Clinton email scandal broke, federal records is my committee’s legislative jurisdiction as well. “So that’s something I had to investigate. … There were many things that we uncovered.“The backup servers and all kinds of stuff we uncovered. But once we got to the James Comey’s exoneration email (exonerating Hillary Clinton before her interview with the FBI) and we saw all those who were involved with editing that so that there wouldn’t be any phrases that would be criminal. So they took out “grossly negligent,” which would have risen to the word they use in criminal statutes. The same cast of characters. That gaggle of people went from exonerating Hillary Clinton over to now ‘let’s torment Donald Trump’ for as many years as they could.” I asked Johnson about the accelerating special counsel investigation and where it’s heading. “I think John Durham is building a pretty airtight case. I see these pleadings now from Sussmann’s lawyers, and it’s just more noise. More of a diversionary tactic. They are accusing Durham of what they do. … And when you look at the result of this political dirty trick, this (‘Russia Collusion Hoax’) conspiracy, it has exasperated the divide in America; it’s dragged this nation through five years of unbelievable, almost unprecedented political turmoil. The people responsible for this ought to be exposed; the truth needs to be told; and they need to be held accountable.” Declassified documents reveal that, early on, former CIA director John Brennan informed then-President Barack Obama about Clinton’s plot to manufacture a political narrative to attempt to tie Trump to Russia to detract from her email scandal. I asked Sen. Ron Johnson what role and responsibility Obama and his Veep, Joe Biden, had during this pivotal moment. Why didn’t they do anything to stop the massive disinformation campaign Team Hillary waged against Trump that sowed distrust in U.S. elections, harming our Democracy? “Biden and Obama, they all had an obligation to tell the truth and continue to have that obligation to come clean to the American public,” he said. “But instead, they allowed the press to run wild with the Russia collusion hoax, even though they knew what the Hillary Clinton campaign was doing. So, you get Brennan going out on national media stoking the fires of this conspiracy. That’s what people need to be aware of; they were all in on it.” He added: “They maybe didn’t design the plan, but they knew of it, and the fact that they either remained silent or actually stoked the flames, they knew full well, or certainly had a strong inkling that this was a massive dirty political trick. “Who among them stepped forward and said to the news media, ‘Be a little careful here’? “None of them. They all so detested Donald Trump, and they all so detested the ‘deplorables’ that voted for him, they felt like they were righteous in doing what they did.” I asked Johnson what the U.S. intel agency’s role was in all this. Isn’t it their jobs to stop cyber-crimes and the hacking of servers of a sitting president? Why didn’t the FBI or CIA do anything or alert Trump? How could they not know the president’s servers were being breached? “Could it be because they were complicit in it?” Johnson said. “Take a look at the letter me and Sen. Chuck Grassley sent to former CIA Director Gina Haspel on July 28, 2020, requesting all this information pertaining to our investigation. We didn’t get any of it — not one page. “In fact, as she was being nonresponsive, we repeatedly requested that she call us and she talk to us and explain why she is completely brushing us off. Now, note this request for information is coming from the chairman of the Finance Committee, the chairman of the Senate Oversight Committee, the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee and Governmental Affairs, and also the president pro tempore for the Senate. “He’s way up there in direct line to the president. The director of the CIA wouldn’t even give us a phone call. So that is in contempt of Congress. So that is now in contempt of the American people because we represent the American people’s elected representatives. “We have oversight responsibilities, and Haspel completely ignored us. That is beyond contempt. And that really tells you all you need to know in terms of her potential complicity in this. Because if she wasn’t complicit, she would have honored these requests. Or she would have at least picked up the phone and said, ‘Senators, this why I can’t comply with your legitimate oversight requests,’ but she didn’t do that.” He said: “That was repeated by (FBI Director) Christopher Wray, who I subpoenaed. And he slow-walked it. We got a tiny fraction of what we requested from him, and I’m sure we didn’t get the good stuff. With Haspel at CIA, we didn’t even get the courtesy of blowing us off with a lame excuse. She wouldn’t even call us.” Johnson said: “I’m outraged by all this and the media’s complicity. My staff showed me a graphic on Fox News depicting the total number of minutes the mainstream media has devoted to this. It’s virtually zero. There’s a lot we don’t know still. “We need to see Durham’s report when it’s done, and Attorney General Merrick Garland has got to make it public. He can’t be hiding things. … Here’s a factoid for the American people: From January 2017 – January 2020, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., did over 467 TV hits; the media gave him over 57 hours of airtime. That’s a lot of time for media to give him to lie to the public and spread this misinformation.” But of course, complicit and corrupt Big Tech won’t ban Schiff for spreading lies and misinformation for years on its platforms because he’s a Democrat going against Trump.
Shame on all of them.