Happy cool girl spring, everyone. Spring dresses are the ultimate option for easy dressing in the newly warm weather, as they are simple to style with sandals and sunglasses or dress up with some heels and a leather jacket on a chillier night out. Whether you love florals, polka dots, a whisper of pastels or a real splash of color, there are styles for everyone. Aside from the pattern and fabric, you can go short with a mini-dress, keep it classic with a midi-length or feel like a goddess in a floor-length maxi, all in a range of prices, as well. There are also options for long-sleeve, sleeveless, tight or flowing — really the choice is yours. We compiled a list of our favorites from all styles for this upcoming spring, coming in quickly on the backs of the last winter winds. Take a look at our picks, and then browse through the brand’s other offerings as well to stock your closet before spring and summer end and we are back wearing boring pants and jackets. Anthropologie is where you’ll find all the summer-loving fashionistas this year. The Soft Printed Mini Dress is a showstopper, with panels of slight ruffles that look amazing when blowing in a summer’s breeze. The dress comes in the pictured ivory and green combo, as well as in a pink floral pattern as dainty as a spring’s day. Are you feeling groovy, baby? This maxi dress is sure to put you in a good mood, as the yellow and orange flowers are uplifting, plus the pattern and cut remind us of the laid back, loving 70s. The flowy dress also comes in four other patterns, including bright pink, ivory, red and a multi-colored option as well. Sizing ranges from an XS to an XL, but act fast since some sizes have sold out in specific patterns. A dress from Reformation is a spring-lover’s dream come true. The store’s dresses are all perfect for the season, featuring florals, pastel colors and dainty necklines and details that make each piece truly special. The Nikita dress is no different, hitting at the perfect length to wear with strappy heels or sandals and to pair with a small handbag or some oversized sunglasses. The dress comes in the pictured blue and white pattern as well as in six others, including black, beige, navy and three other floral patterns. Nothing feels better than slipping into a breathable and flowing dress on a warm spring day. This slip dress from Everlane is the perfect fit, and made to flatter all body types. It is made of luxuriously soft and wrinkle-resistant fabric called Japanese GoWeave, making this an excellent travel outfit, too. The dress comes in sizes ranging from a 00 to a 16 and comes in the pictured green color as well as in black. Nothing easier than a loose midi dress in the summertime. This lightweight dress from Madewell is a spring and summer staple, complete with pockets which already makes this a home run. The poof sleeves are a super flattering addition, and the range of sizes are made with a women’s body in mind, running from an XXS to an XXL with a loose-fitting silhouette and an option for petite sizing as well. Bless you. This handkerchief dress is truly a blessing for summer, as the bottom skirt will flow with the breeze and the top is easy to style on its own or with a jacket thrown over top on a chilly night out. The dress comes in both straight sizing and extended, ranging from an XS to a 3XL on the Venus site. If spring dresses are the highlight of the season for you, get a dress with a neckline to match. This number from Betsey Johnson is a different take on the designer’s more punk rock style, opting for a flowy and feminine dress with stunning lace detailing and a high mock turtleneck. Style the dress with basic shoes or a bright pump of your choice, as the options are endless. The internet-famous Puff Dress is back in stock, just in time for spring. From Selkie, this super mini dress will have you feeling like a princess, puff-sleeves and tulle included. The dress is sold at Revolve, along with others from the brand, including more styles of the cult-favorite Puff Dress and Parliament Dress. We think we spotted a winner for spring. This spotted dress is the perfect thing to wear to a brunch in the city or a day spent in the spring weather, with 3/4 sleeves and a midi-cut for the cooler days of the season. The dress comes in extended sizing from a US 12 to a 26 while supplies last. Never work out in baggy joggers and a ratty tank top again, now that you know this is an option. Outdoor Voices is changing the game for athletic wear, offering a fashionable dress that has a secret underneath. The dress comes with built-in shorts that are complete with pockets, too, making this a three-in-one you can’t live without. The dress comes in a variety of colors like red, blue and green, as well as this patterned one that is almost too cute to sweat in. But, don’t worry, it’s fine if you do, as it’s made with breathable fabric perfect for a workout. Perfect for a picnic or a day on the boat, this blue and white dress screams spring and that’s all we want to hear right now. From Shein, the dress is also a steal, sold for just $10. That also means you can browse other dresses to add to your cart for the season, as many are under $20. The blue and white dress hits at a midi-length, a bit below the knee for many. It comes in a range of sizes as well, from a small to an XL, which is about a size four to a 12. The look (and smell) of crisp and clean cotton is a hallmark of spring and summer, and J. Crew knows it. This simple yet elegant shirtdress is the hybrid you need this season combining the formality of a white collared button-up shirt on top with the ease of a relaxed cotton dress on the bottom. The dress, which comes with a belt for super cute styling, also comes in a candlelight yellow and a navy blue shade, each ranging in size from a 00 to a 24. From the one and only Kate Spade, this floral spring is effortless to wear, but super sophisticated and great to wear on a day off or to pop into the office. The top features a high neckline and has long sleeves to contrast with the shorter length of the dress. The dress comes in an array of sizes as well, from an XXS to an XXL available on the site. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.