Six months after Steph Curry’s parents Sonya and Dell Curry split, the Warriors point guard is addressing the situation. In an interview with The Ringer, published earlier this month, Curry said navigating his parents’ divorce after 33 years of marriage has been a challenging experience. “I could be mad and be like, ‘Y’all effed this up.’ I could have that approach,” he said. “But it’s going to be an acknowledgment of both of y’all in terms of how y’all raised me. The calmness I have in myself is because of y’all.” The news of his parents’ breakup broke last August and shocked NBA fans that know how much of a staple Sonya and Dell had been at their son’s games. Last December, the exes were in attendance, but sat separately at Madison Square Garden when Curry became the NBA’s all-time leading three-point scorer. After he made history by surpassing Ray Allen’s three-point record, Curry approached his parents individually due to the new family dynamic. “I had to make sure I was in that moment with both of them separately, and this wasn’t just this whole kind of thing,” he told The Ringer. “That is how I choose to approach that. Because it is challenging.” The father of three embraced his dad near Golden State’s bench and gifted Dell the game ball after the Warriors beat the Knicks. A few minutes later, he headed down an MSG tunnel to see his mother for an emotional celebration. The father-son duo later partied the night away in Manhattan with Curry’s former Warriors teammate and current Nets guard, Kevin Durant, and longtime friend and teammate, Andre Iguodala. Before the divorce proceedings, Sonya and Dell would split time taking in Steph’s games and traveling to watch his younger brother Seth Curry play. On Feb. 10, Seth was traded from the Sixers to the Nets in a blockbuster deal that swapped James Harden for Ben Simmons. Last August, TMZ said court records revealed that Sonya filed for divorce on June 14 in North Carolina — and that the exes accused each other of cheating. It’s unknown whether the divorce has been finalized. Sonya and Dell married in 1988, the same year Steph was born. Dell, a former NBA Sixth Man of the Year in 1994, was still playing at the time. The couple welcomed Seth in 1990, and daughter Sydel Curry in 1994. Dell played until 2002, and retired as the Hornets’ all-time leader in points (9,839) and 3-point field goals made (929). He currently serves as a color commentator on Hornets broadcasts. Curry reflected on his son’s accomplished on a broadcast in Charlotte, and showed off the signed game ball. “That’s a proud papa right there. I know how hard he’s worked and I had no idea he’d make that many threes,” Curry said at the time.