A heartwarming video shows kids asking a blind woman questions about living life visually impaired – and she explains that she still dreams in color. Pupils from Welholme Academy in Grimsby, North East Lincs., and Kingston Primary School in Benfleet, Essex, were allowed to ask anything they wanted to a blind person – like how they pick up dog poo and if they ever get lost. Vlogger Siobhan Meade, who is completely blind after losing her sight aged 16, was in the hot seat, answering everything the little ones put to her and her guide dog Marty. When one of the kids asked if she could dream, she replied: “I do dream and I dream in color. “That means when I’m dreaming, I can see which is really cool.” The young children couldn’t hold back their excitement as they asked Siobhan how she knew where Marty had been for a poo and how she picks it up. “Marty has a special pen where I can take him to go to the toilet and I have a special command I have to give for him to go to the toilet. “But I don’t want to say it too loud because I don’t want him to go to the toilet in here. That wouldn’t be nice, would it?” Siobhan joked. Siobhan Meade said: “Those without disabilities are naturally curious about how those with disabilities live their lives — not just kids but adults too. “However, adults are perhaps more likely to feel uneasy addressing people from the blind or visually impaired community possibly due to limited interaction with people with those impairments. “This is why meeting the children is so important — it’s a really wonderful opportunity to shape perceptions in a positive and accurate way, and of course, introduce them to Guide Dog Marty.” The video follows a survey from Guide Dogs which found that 32 percent of children want to know what a person who is blind or visually impaired sees when they dream. The study of 1,000 children aged six to 11 and their parents revealed a host of other questions kids would like to know the answer to. These include ‘how much can you see?’ (34 percent) and ‘how do you choose your clothes?’ (33 percent). Along with, ‘how do you recognize people?’ (32 percent) and ‘do you understand what colors are?’ (30 percent). Despite their boundless curiosity, the survey found many children did not actually ask their questions on disabilities, so work to increase awareness is very important. Forty-four percent of parents polled said their little ones have never asked them about disabilities – such as being blind or visually impaired. And 57 percent of youngsters admitted they were worried about talking to people who are blind or people with a visual impairment about their disability. But 85 percent of parents polled via OnePoll agreed their kids spending more time with people of their age who have disabilities would lead to greater equality and less stigma. Lisa Petrie, head of children and young people service development for Guide Dogs, added: “Vision impairment is a massively growing issue in the UK. “Every day 250 more people join the two million already living with sight loss and this number is set to double by 2050. “Guide Dogs is here to help people with sight loss live the life they choose. This is part of the motivation for us visiting the school. “We want to raise awareness and educate on the breadth and depth or our services that go far beyond our beloved guide dogs. “We are working tirelessly to increase awareness of the work we do and the support we offer to the public including young people.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.