Jennifer Aniston really put the “Green” into her iconic “Friends” role. Fans may already know that the 53-year-old actress ate the same salad every day on-set while filming making the world fall in love with her as Rachel Greene. That’s ten years, day-in and day-out, the same combination of dressed herbs, veggies and grains. And despite the show ending nearly 18 years ago, both Aniston — and her fans — have long cherished the recipe for the hardy, protein-packed salad. Aniston’s co-star Courtney Cox, now 57, revealed the factoid during a 2010 interview while describing the daily lunch ritual of the three leading ladies, including Lisa Kudrow, 58. “It was a Cobb salad that Jennifer doctored up with turkey bacon and garbanzo beans and I don’t know what,” she told the Los Angeles Times. “She just has a way with food, which really helps. Because if you’re going to eat the same salad every day for 10 years, it’d better be a good salad, right?” The famously healthy Aniston has kept up her plant-based habits, including her Cobb salad riff that she’s since “doctored up” even further, as the LivingProof haircare spokesperson demonstrated in a 2015 promo for the brand, according to People. The recipe for the so-called “Jennifer Anniston Salad” has been adapted time and time again over the years, many tweaked to fit the cook’s preference. Now, it’s making its rounds again across social media platforms, including Instagram and TikTok — because a salad this enduring should be in everyone’s recipe arsenal. Because the original recipe has since disappeared, it’s difficult to confirm the provenance of the current recipe gone viral, a thread which only traces back to 2021. Nevertheless, looks yummy! Adapt the recipe below to make it your own. 3.5 cups cooked bulgur wheat2-3 chopped small cucumber1/2 cup chopped parsley1/2 cup chopped mint1/3 cup chopped red onion1/2 cup chopped pistachios1 (15oz) can chickpeas, drained and rinsedJuice of 1 lemon1/4 cup extra virgin olive oilSalt & pepper1/2 cup crumbled feta Toss, and enjoy! Again, and again, and again, and again… 