Lunden Roberts, the mother of first son Hunter Biden’s 3-year-old daughter, testified this week before a federal grand jury in the criminal investigation into the 52-year-old presidential scion, according to a new report. Roberts, 30, reportedly appeared before the jury for several hours on Tuesday and was photographed by the Daily Mail outside the courthouse in Wilmington, Delaware. She declined to speak with a reporter. Roberts and Biden’s daughter, Navy Joan, was born in August 2018 out of wedlock. Months later, the former stripper hit Hunter Biden with a paternity suit which was settled in March 2020. At the time, Biden agreed to pay an undisclosed monthly sum in child support and health insurance premiums. Roberts’ attorney, Clinton Lancaster, did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Biden, 52, initially challenged the paternity suit, writing in his autobiography “Beautiful Things” that he had “no recollection” of any sexual encounter with Roberts. Roberts’ testimony comes amid a years-long Department of Justice investigation into President Joe Biden’s son. In May 2019, Delaware US Attorney David Weiss issued a grand jury subpoena to JP Morgan Chase bank for Biden’s bank transactions involving the Bank of China, as well as transactions involving his uncle James Biden and former business partners Devon Archer and Eric Schwerin. Roberts was not named in the subpoena at the time. Hunter Biden revealed in December 2020, weeks after his father was elected the 46th president, that he was being investigated for his “tax affairs.” “I take this matter very seriously but I am confident that a professional and objective review of these matters will demonstrate that I handled my affairs legally and appropriately, including with the benefit of professional tax advisors,” the first son said in a statement at the time. Biden’s taxes are not the only thing that have hit the spotlight in recent years. In October 2020, The Post exclusively revealed that a hard drive holding the contents of Hunter’s laptop contained a trove of emails detailing his controversial overseas business dealings, as well as explicit photos and videos. One video appeared to show him smoking crack while engaged in a sex act with an unidentified woman. And just last year, Attorney General Merrick Garland was pressed to appoint a special counsel to investigate the sale of Hunter Biden’s art — some of which was expected to fetch upward of $500,000.