“The Endgame” unfolds in the frenetic rush of real time — not quite in “24”-type fashion but close enough. That keeps co-star Ryan Michelle Bathe on her toes — and guessing along with everyone else where her character, no-nonsense FBI agent Val Turner, is headed next on the NBC drama, premiering Monday (Feb. 21) at 10 p.m. “I have to say that Val doesn’t have much of a character evolution,” Bathe, 45, told The Post. “We’re shooting the seventh episode now … and literally hours have ticked by since we met her. We haven’t even known her for a week. “We’ve been dropped into a very intense part of Val’s life that is really about where her job and her life are colliding. What we’re seeing right now is moment-to-moment Val — and how she’s managing from crisis to crisis.” Those crises are the work of  Elena Federova (Morena Baccarin), a dangerous international arms dealer who’s caught by the FBI, transported to New York City under armored security and questioned by Val and her colleagues in a black site (Fort Totten in Queens). For Elena, born in and hardened by the Ukraine, this is just a minor annoyance; as she’s being interrogated, her high-tech army of mercenaries are robbing seven New York City banks — simultaneously — including the Federal Reserve Bank in the financial district. And they’re always one step ahead of law enforcement. There’s more to the backstory: Elena singles out Val for a game of emotional cat-and-mouse for a reason: their shared history dates back five years to Gambia where they almost killed each other (it’s complicated). Elena knows all of Val’s weak spots, including her husband, Owen (Kamal Angelo Bolden), an ex-Federal agent who’s serving 10 years in prison for taking drug money. Owen suddenly wants a divorce — and not because Val turned him in. She’s now a pariah in the FBI, marginalized by her direct boss, Patrick Doak (Noah Bean). “Val is very principled and very good at her job and passionate about her job and is in a bit of a dark place in terms of being ostracized by people at work because of something her husband did,” Bathe said. “It’s such a delicate balance, because Val is not going to allow herself to be sucked in by Elena, who is incredibly charming, but that’s part of her m.o. … and Val knows that if she lets her guard down how easy it would be to admire Elena a little bit.” Bathe, who graduated from Stanford University and  earned her MFA from NYU, spent a chunk of her formative years in Stamford, Ct. (She went to school for a year in New York City — P.S 111.) She’s married to “This Is Us” star Sterling K. Brown and appeared in several episodes of the NBC series as Yvette, the mother of one of young Randall’s friends. Her resume also includes “All Rise,” “First Wives Club” and “Empire,” among many other series. But the character of Val on “The Endgame” is the first time she’s played his type of law-enforcement role, she said. “I generally play ladies in good clothes with stylish hair and nails and lipstick and eyelashes and heels and pumps,” she said. “So this is quite a departure for me. I did play a detective on [ABC’s ] ‘The Rookie,’ but she was in the office. “She doesn’t have an agenda,” she said of Val. “She’s only here in service of Elena Federova. Val’s wants, her needs … everything is a reaction to what this woman has put in place and how Val is going to react — ‘Go put out another fire, go save that hostage.’ “I think Val’s endgame is just to get home in one piece every night.”