The French model agent who was charged with securing girls and young women for billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein was found dead Saturday in a Paris prison cell, prosecutors said. Jean-Luc Brunel, 74, was found hanged by his bedsheets in his cell around 1:30 a.m. local time at La Sante prison, the Paris prosecutor’s office told CNN. Brunel, who ran Karin Models in Paris, and later formed MC2 Model Management with Epstein, was awaiting trial on charges of sexual assault and rape. He was also being investigated for trafficking minors, including girls as young as 12 years old, according to French news reports. Brunel’s lawyers insisted that the disgraced fashion fixture’s “decision was not guided by guilt, but by a sense of injustice.” “Jean-Luc Brunel has never stopped claiming his innocence. He has multiplied his efforts to prove it. A judge had released him a few months ago, and then he was re-incarcerated in undignified conditions,” his lawyers Mathias Chichportich, Marianne Abgrall and Christophe Ingrain said in a statement to CNN. Brunel — who was credited with launching the careers of models Christy Turlington, Monica Belluci and Angie Everhart — went into hiding after Epstein’s own suicide in a Manhattan lockup in August 2019. French police arrested Brunel in December 2020 as part of a probe into “acts of sexual nature” believed to have been committed by Epstein and accomplices. He was released under judicial supervision for a few days in November 2021, only to return to custody following a decision by a court of appeals, CNN reported. The deaths of Epstein and Brunel, under similar circumstances, have riled up conspiracy theorists who believe that both men were privy to the secrets of some of the world’s most powerful players, including politicians and financiers. “It’s weird,” said a Paris-based photographer who worked with Brunel. Brunel, who worked as a model agent in Paris since the late 1970s, was introduced to Epstein by his former gal pal, British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, who was convicted of sex trafficking last year. French prison authorities told Le Parisien that “no breach” in security at the prison had occurred, and an investigation into the cause of death had been opened.