Four members of the Cowboys cheerleading squad were paid a confidential settlement of $2.4 million by the team, stemming from an alleged 2015 incident at AT&T Stadium in which team exec Richard Dalrymple was accused of voyeurism, according to documents obtained by ESPN. Dalrymple — the longtime senior VP of public relations and communications who recently announced he’s retiring — was accused by a cheerleader of “standing behind a partial wall in their locker room with his iPhone extended” as they changed, the ESPN report detailed Wednesday. The women received $399,523.27 each following the alleged incident. Dalrymple, who was also accused of taking “upskirt” photos of Jerry Jones’ daughter, Charlotte Jones Anderson, during the 2015 NFL Draft, denied the allegations in a statement. “People who know me, co-workers, the media and colleagues, know who I am and what I’m about,” Dalrymple said. “I understand the very serious nature of these claims and do not take them lightly. The accusations are, however, false. One was accidental and the other simply did not happen. Everything that was alleged was thoroughly investigated years ago, and I cooperated fully.” Both alleged incidents were investigated thoroughly, a Cowboys representative said, per ESPN, with Jim Wilkinson, a communication consultant for the team, stating “the investigation was handled consistent with best legal and HR practices and the investigation found no evidence of wrongdoing.” Wilkinson added, “If any wrongdoing had been found, Rich would have been terminated immediately.” ESPN obtained a signed copy of the May 2016 settlement agreement, which “includes a nondisclosure agreement in which the four women, three of their spouses and Cowboys officials agreed to never speak publicly about their allegations.” On the alleged incident, a former cheerleader told ESPN, “It was a very … shut the book, don’t talk about it, this person is going to stay in his position … They just made it go away.” In regard to the “upskirt” allegation, longtime Cowboys fan Randy Horton claimed he saw Dalrymple appear to take photos of Charlotte in the team’s “war room” during the 2015 NFL Draft. “The first time he reached out from a sitting position behind her, and she is standing with her back to him, and did it once … He looked at the screen, touched the screen and then did it again. The second time, he’s sitting in a chair at the corner of the table on the left and he held his phone beneath the corner of the table with the camera side facing up where she was standing. And did it again,” Horton told the publication. The team was made aware of the accusation in May 2015, per the report, with a source noting HR viewed the footage and “found no wrongdoing by Dalrymple.” Dalrymple said in a statement the accusations “had nothing to do with my retirement,” and that he was “only contacted about this story after I had retired.” He spoke to The Dallas Morning News earlier this month about his decision to retire after 32 years.