He is being slammed for his off-color remarks. A white provocateur in Arizona is being spit-roasted online after slamming a store’s Black History Month display in a bizarre tirade. The video originally surfaced on the man’s now-deleted Instagram account, but was re-shared Tuesday to the left-leaning watchdog account Patriot Takes, where it’s amassed over 66,000 views. In the shocking footage, captioned “distrubing,” right-wing rabble-rouser Ethan Schmidt can be seen berating a clerk at the discount store Five Below, where they appear to be selling clothing emblazoned with BHM slogans. “This is like very disturbing to me … Like, the Black History and then the LGBT stuff,” Schmidt says to the bewildered female employee, who’s folding clothes at the counter. “Like, why don’t they have like white history month and like why don’t they celebrate straight pride?” He adds, “Why aren’t they more inclusive?” The flummoxed worker responds, “I don’t have any answers for you. I’m sorry.” Undaunted by her response, Schmidt claims that he feels “discriminated against” and asks if there’s a way to “complain to corporate” about the supposed double standard. “I can get you like a phone number, but I can’t like do anything at the store,” replies the patient employee. The clip concludes with Schmidt thanking her before turning the camera on himself, whereupon he reiterates how “disturbing” the pro-POC couture is. “Where’s white history month and straight pride?” he repeats. The video sparked a major backlash toward Schmidt on Twitter, with one critic writing: “I can’t wait until karma catches up with him.” “White history month is literally every other month you learn normal history,” fumed another. “Straight pride is every day you aren’t mocked for your sexuality.” One Twitter wit analogized Schmidt’s complaint to someone “making a big deal about her cancer” while never mentioning their neighbor’s “common cold.” Schmidt, who infamously founded a group called the Anti-Maskers Club, is best known for filming himself harassing people over wearing PPE or getting vaccinated, AZ Central reported. In January, the maskhole was banned from the Arizona Capitol after asking masked Rep. Reginald Bolding, who is black, why he was wearing a “slave muzzle.” 