Authorities investigating Bob Saget’s death believe the “Full House” star collapsed in his hotel bathroom and struck his head on the marble floor – before he stumbled into bed, lost consciousness again and died, according to a report. The 65-year-old actor died on Jan. 9 after suffering “blunt head trauma” at the Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes in Florida, an autopsy has revealed. He suffered skull fractures so severe that one doctor reportedly speculated they could have been caused by falling from several stories or a baseball bat attack. Investigators now believe Saget lost consciousness in the bathroom, fell backward onto the marble floor and stuck his head, People magazine reports. He is believed to have regained consciousness and stumbled into bed before losing consciousness again and dying, according to the mag. Saget’s time of death was estimated to be about 4 a.m., some 12 hours before his body was found, People said. “It’s definitely an unusual case. There are still a lot of unanswered questions,” an Orange County Sheriff’s deputy told the outlet. When he arrived at the swanky hotel, Saget “was cracking jokes, waving to people in the lobby,” an employee told the mag in the latest issue. “When people asked for selfies, he would run over and grab their phones to take the pictures with them, joking the whole time. He was a ball happy, positive energy,” the staffer said. The last time he was seen on surveillance camera, he was exiting an elevator on the ninth floor and walking down the long corridor toward his room, People reported. Authorities who have seen the video told the mag that nothing appeared out of the ordinary before he entered his room at 2:17 a.m. and hung a “Do Not Disturb” sign on the doorknob. The medical examiner has noted that Saget’s respiratory system was “COVID-positive.” Saget’s widow, Kelly Rizzo, has explained that the late actor’s recent battle with COVID-19 — which he had revealed on a podcast a few days before his death — was “not anything serious.” His death was ruled accidental and authorities have said there were no signs of foul play or drugs at the scene. A Florida judge has granted Saget’s family a temporary injunction to block the release of photos and records connected to the investigation of his fatal injury. As the probe nears the end, those close to Saget are focusing on their fond memories.“We all want to keep Bob’s legacy alive,” “Full House” co-star Candace Cameron Bure told People. “I want to share things about Bob and share about the laughs and the good times. That part feels comforting.”