Unless you’ve been blessed with perfect skin (in which we envy you), pimples and breakouts are a part of life. Acne can be a result of build-up within your pores, a reaction to makeup, hormones, diet and more. Plus, being in the middle of a pandemic where your stress may be at an all-time high and maskne is very much real, doesn’t help. Whether you’re dealing with severe acne, maskne or even just want to find ways to keep hormonal pimples at bay during that time of the month, we’ve got you covered. There are tons of different acne spot treatments on the market, but finding the best one for your skin can be a challenge. In an effort to help you stay pimple-free — or at least get rid of any blemishes ASAP, The Post talked with a handful of skincare experts to pick their brains on their most recommended acne spot treatments. Keep reading to get the lowdown on the best pimple patches, drying lotions and acne gel treatments from brands like Differin, Neutrogena, La Roche-Posay, Peace Out Skincare, First Aid Beauty and many more. Pimple patches are awesome spot treatments because they’re super convenient, contain blemish-fighting ingredients and will help prevent you from picking or popping your pimples. “I love these specifically for a pimple because they are not only made of the healing hydro-colloidal material (which works by absorbing fluid from the dreaded pimple) but it also contains Salicylic Acid (which acts as a bottle brush cleaning out the infection),” master esthetician Nicole Caroline told The Post. “[It also has] Aloe Vera for its soothing properties, and Retinyl acetate which a version of Retinol to get down a little deeper and kill the bacteria at its source,” Caroline added. “I like to couple these patches with different spot treatments, using them in combination depending upon the severity [of the blemish].” Board-certified dermatologist Marisa Garshick raved about this spot treatment from Humane. “This 5% benzoyl peroxide acne spot treatment is a great option for breakouts as it helps to reduce acne-causing bacteria, while also incorporating aloe vera and cucumber extract to soothe the skin and licorice root extract to reduce inflammation and hyperpigmentation,” Garshick said. “It’s a great option for sensitive skin as it is free of alcohol, parabens, phthalates, fragrance, sulfates and more.” Celebrity esthetician Candace Marino, whose client list includes Miranda Kerr, “Bachelor” Nation’s Ashley Iaconetti and more, is a huge fan of the Renée Rouleau Night Time Spot Lotion. “This overnight treatment is formulated with Zinc, Sulfur and Camphor to reduce inflammation, kill bacteria and dry up inflammatory acne. It works wonders while you sleep!” Marino said. “This is a good one for anyone experiencing acne on their back or chest as well.” While this product is technically a face mask, Marino likes to use it in specific areas on the face for strategic spot treatment. “I love this mask used as a spot treatment for deep cysts or inflammatory spots,” Marino told The Post. “This mineral-rich mask features Umbrian clay to help balance and purify the skin while chamomile helps to soothe, calm and reduce redness in the skin caused by breakouts.” The mini size (1 oz.) is available for $25 but if you fall in love with the product, you can also grab the full-size tub (3.3 oz) for $58. For those looking for an affordable, drugstore option, Garshick likes the Neutrogena Rapid Clear Stubborn Acne Spot Gel. “This topical gel uses 10% benzoyl peroxide to help reduce redness and size of moderate to severe breakouts in as little as two hours, which is why it is a good option for very stubborn pimples,” Garshick said. “I love recommending benzoyl peroxide as it is a key ingredient that fights acne-causing bacteria, without leading to antibiotic resistance. When using this, it is important to only apply a thin layer to the spot as dryness or irritation may occur if too much is applied. This is a great, easy-to-find, drugstore option.” Garshick is also a big fan of this spot treatment from La Roche-Posay. “I love that it can be easily used as spot treatment or can be applied all over the face as it also contains glycerin, which won’t leave the skin feeling dry. It’s easy to apply and fast-absorbing so it can easily be incorporated into a skincare routine,” Garshick said. “This dual-action spot treatment contains a combination of 5.5% micronized benzoyl peroxide as well as lipo-hydroxy acid making it a great option for all types of breakouts and blemishes.” This spot treatment is available in two sizes, .5 oz and 1.36 oz. “This is my go-to 911 spot treatment for deep, cystic spots,” Marino said. “The KILLA comes with an antiseptic swab to prep the area before applying the sticker. The stickers have micro darts which help to flood the spot with antibacterial and anti-inflammatory ingredients and are best used at the first sign of a breakout. These types of pimple patches are great to occlude a spot and reduce inflammation.” Marino added they can be worn for eight hours so they’re ideal to wear overnight, but since they are clear, many people can get away with them during the day, too. These pimple stickers also contain Oligopeptide-76 which, according to Marino, “silence an upcoming zit’s appearance before it gets real, working to disrupt the progression of it taking shape [and] take on the firming, tightening responsibilities that all peptides do. So while it’s working to stop the progression of a breakout, it’s also setting up your skin for improved texture, aiding in the recovery from the breakout.” First Aid Beauty, which is known for a lot of great skincare products, has a great spot treatment that Garshick also recommends. “This spot treatment contains 2% salicylic acid which is an oil-soluble beta hydroxy acid that helps to unclog pores, making it helpful for various types of breakouts, including blackheads and whiteheads,” Garshick explained. “It also contains glycolic acid, aloe, papaya and willow bark extract to help soothe the skin and improve the appearance of residual blemishes and post-acne marks.” According to Garshick, the aloe, bisabolol and colloidal oatmeal featured in the formula also helps calm the skin making it a great option for many skin types, even sensitive skin. Differin Gel — which has more than 38,000 reviews on Amazon — is another spot treatment product Caroline recommended. “I like this as a spot treatment because it is water-based, gentle and tolerable on most skin types. Adapalene (a close sister to Retinol, but in a gentler form) gently works on the growth of cells, aids in healing and calms inflammation,” Caroline said. “This can be used on the whole face, but works exceptionally well as a spot treatment. It won’t work overnight, but it will work after a few days for spot reduction!” Many dermatologists also love Differin Gel because it’s great for acne-prone skin and affordable. The ZitStick GOO GETTER pimple stickers, are another favorite of Marino’s. “This version of the ZitSticka is formulated for puss-filled surface breakouts. They help to absorb fluid and reduce the size of a pimple,” Marino said. “They’re formulated with tea tree oil, salicylic acid, niacinamide and hydrocolloid to quickly reduce inflammation and get the skin on its way to healing.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.