Graphic bodycam video shows the moment a Phoenix cop was shot during an ambush that left nine officers wounded and the suspect dead after he fatally shot his ex-girlfriend. The chilling incident unfolded about 2 a.m. Feb. 11 when police were called to the area of 54th Avenue and Elwood Street amid reports that a woman had been shot inside the home. The first officer on the scene was invited into the home by the suspect — identified as 36-year-old Morris Jones — who suddenly opened fire, striking him just outside the front door. In the 26-second clip released Thursday by the police department, the officer asks Jones who else is in the house. “Just me,” he answers. “She’s choking on her own blood! Come on, bro,” Jones says, referring to the woman who called 911, before firing several rounds and hitting the officer in the arm. The cop shouts, “999! 999!” — code for officer down or in need of immediate assistance. “I’ve been shot!” he yells. Police spokesman Sgt. Andy Williams said another officer returned fire, prompting Jones to scramble back inside before firing more shots toward police, the Arizona Republic reported. Jones tried to flee by ramming a patrol car with a vehicle but failed, Williams said. As backup officers surrounded the home, another man suddenly emerged carrying a baby girl. Footage obtained by KPNX-TV showed him placing the infant on the ground and raising his arms to surrender as he backed away from the home. Four officers who moved in to retrieve the baby were ambushed by Jones when he opened fire again, Williams said last week. All four were struck by the gunfire — and another four officers were wounded by shrapnel and ricochets. Two officers immediately returned fire as Jones barricaded himself inside the home, where he was found dead. Police said Jones’ ex-girlfriend — identified as 29-year-old Shatifah Lobley — died later, while their baby was unharmed, according to the Arizona Republic. Investigators have not said whether the other man inside house, believed to be Lobley’s brother, faces any criminal charges. All of the injured officers are reportedly recovering. “A miracle — that we had that many people actually struck by gunfire and all of them are out of the hospital … less than a week later,” police precinct commander Derek Elmore said this week, the paper reported.