If a chance for peace was possible with Vladimir Putin, it vanished Monday with his recognition of two “breakaway” states in eastern Ukraine and his sending of “peacekeepers” — read: Russian troops — into the region. There are no niceties here: He’s invading Ukraine. President Biden sanctioned any investment or trade with the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, but he should pull the trigger on that “mother of all sanctions” he has promised before. There is no leverage with a madman. Punishment is now the only way. Putin absorbed Crimea in 2014, faced international chastisement and sanctions, and shrugged. Eight years later, most of the world had forgotten about his blatant violation of another state’s borders. Now, by forcing the evacuation of thousands of civilians through shelling, false-flag operations and arming separatists in Donetsk and Luhansk, he clearly hopes to bring those areas into Russia and still face no real response from the West. Years from now, maybe months, he takes the rest of the Black Sea coast. Eventually, Ukraine is a vassal state and Europe, scared to lose Russia’s gas, remains impotent. The United States, gun-shy after the foreign adventures of Iraq and Afghanistan, does nothing. Putin, who ranted like a James Bond villain on Monday, took aim at Nikita Khrushchev of all people for “allowing” Ukraine to be its own country in the first place, showing that he truly believes he can bring back the Soviet empire. In a straight war with NATO, that would be impossible. But with a dithering, divided West, it is frighteningly possible. In denial after decades of domestic peace, the leaders believe that we cannot fall back to the Cold War or even regional conflicts that preceded the world wars. We have become complacent to the lessons of history. What does Putin take next? The Baltics? Where is the line? What lesson does China take from all this? Does America simply slink off the stage? Those who say it is not our problem fool themselves. It already is. And it will only get worse.