If there’s anything we learned amid pandemic-driven lockdown (any simply busy schedules), it’s that we’d sell our souls for meal kit services. But not just any service. We want rich flavors, quick and easy meals and a variety of dinners, appetizers and more that keeps things interesting and delicious. Luckily, Gobble is the meal kit that should be put on your radar (if it’s not already, that is). Not only is it one of our favorite meal delivery kits that tested this year, but it’s also a destination for gourmet, freshly prepped 15-minute meals that is one of the best delights to appear on your doorstep. “The first thing I noticed about Gobble was just how much fresh produce I received in my order,” Sophie Cannon, a New York Post commerce journalist, shared in her meal kit review. “For the beautiful Italian flat iron steak meal, which is supposedly two servings, I got a huge bag of ripe cherry tomatoes and an entire bundle of green onions. Even though this meal’s side was a creamy polenta, I could have just as well made a side salad of marinated tomatoes with the leftovers.” Not only does Gobble marry the convenience of takeout with the freshness, health and satisfaction of a home-cooked meal, but each of its recipes is carefully curated by Chef Thomas Ricci, a 30-year culinary expert. Oh yes, you essentially have a personal sous chef from afar. Some mouthwatering recipes include chicken scallopini with a creamy lemon garlic sauce and harvest rice medley, seared salmon with roasted brussels sprouts and a balsamic reduction and chicken tortilla soup. And, if you want to know the tried-and-true favorites, see the curated list Gobble exclusively shared with us: Not to mention, with some recipes, you have the option to personalize them, sometimes replacing shrimp for chicken or selecting a type of fish for dinner. Plus, new seasonal menus are released weekly and include a slew of options that are sure to please your palate. From low-calorie options and global cuisine to comfort classics and vegetarian options (and kid-friendly meals) the restaurant-like quality you’re receiving in a customized manner is unmatched. Each week, members select from 12 to 15 entrees, along with a rotating menu of sides, soups, salads, breakfasts, desserts and premium kits. As far as pricing goes, Gobble meals are relatively affordable and start at $11.99 per serving. Members can select from two- or four-person plans (the latter a perfect solution to have leftovers for the week) and can choose from the Classic or Lean & Clean Plans: Gobble delivers nationwide, with the exception of Montana, Alaska, Hawaii, and with limited service to Nebraska, New Mexico, and Kansas Like any venture, the first part is brainstorming. “As a team, we collectively imagine what kind of dishes our members would enjoy — whether the meals are new to their palette or reinvented from their favorite restaurant experiences,” Ricci told The Post. “Our menu focuses on seasonal ingredients, along with techniques acquired from our culinary team’s professional experiences.” Then, Gobble conducts extensive research into each component of the meal. “We ask ourselves, ‘how does this ingredient work in conjunction with other components of the meal?’ ‘Can it be enjoyed as is, or does it need to be less spicy, salty, or acidic to give the members the option to truly personalize the final step of cooking the meal?,’” Ricci notes. “Each palate is different, so we want to create a combination of components that fit the needs of most while adding ingredients that we predict will highlight or meet the expectations of others.” Plus, once the brains and the flavor palette mix together, the taste-testing process is extensive before it’s available to recreate from your home kitchen. “Each meal is cooked a minimum of five times before it’s considered menu-ready,” Ricci explains. “Every day in the Gobble kitchen, our chefs analyze our recipes for accuracy in heat, timing and cooking equipment.” Not to mention, the Gobble team is constantly assessing if certain ingredients are suitable to travel overnight and if it’s meal-user or kid-friendly. If the freshness factor and incredible value don’t sell you enough, Gobble is the ideal solution for young professionals, dual-working households, busy families and anyone who’s looking to spend less time in the kitchen. With Gobble, you can have the luxury of trying new recipes you’ve been meaning to get to on your Pinterest board but simply haven’t had the time to (we’ve all been there). And, I give it five stars as one of the top meal kits I’ve tried. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.