Let’s get magical! A new moon in Pisces will appear on March 2, 2022. All new moons present new beginnings, opportunities and paths before us. Read how your zodiac sign will be affected here! For more information on the new moon, check out the information after the horoscopes. Follow Kyle Thomas for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! It’s time for some TLC, Aries. The new moon will help you to relax, lie low and recharge your batteries. Prepare for some deep sleep and some profound dreams during this time. In fact, it’d be a great period to fantasize about how you’d like to build your life in the coming year as well as what you need to release in order to be happier. Focus on lessening anxiety and your mental health. Who’s the hottest thing in town right now, Taurus? Spoiler alert: You are! With the new moon energizing your social life and network, you could find that everyone wants a piece of you now. You may become inspired to catch up with your crew or even attend a dazzling or romantic event. Pull out your vision board and decide which aspirations you want to pursue immediately in the months to come and start to make them happen. Ascend the throne, Gemini. The new moon is smiling upon your professional life and telling you to reach to higher echelons now. Fresh journeys await you in your career and you could even have a chance to step into more power, success or recognition. If you’re unhappy with your current progress, work extra hard now and try to turn in a more fulfilling direction or look for a better job. You could be in luck! Wisdom can only be found when you’re willing to investigate the unknown, Cancer. The new moon will give you a chance to pursue new adventures that inspire you and then share that knowledge with others. Some Cancers may decide to pursue travel, immigration or international business relations now. Others may feel the impetus to move upon an academic path or toward a new media or publishing endeavor. If spiritual, you could be called to fresh perspectives or become involved in a religious path. No matter what, think outside of the box. Intimacy will be a hot topic for you after the new moon, Leo. You may become especially focused on negotiating a new way to stand together with someone in business or love. If there are imbalances, you’ll have an opportunity to speak up and have more of your needs fulfilled. This same lunation could also trigger a shift around your finances, too, whether in the form of a bonus, settlement, royalty check, investments or benefits package. Dance with a twin flame, Virgo. The new moon will smile so sweetly upon you, giving you the strength to unite with someone who mirrors you in love or business. Singles have a big opportunity to meet someone with long-term staying potential, while committed couples could discuss taking the next step: moving in, engagement or even being wed. Unions will be blessed at this time. Let’s do the loco-motion, Libra…a k a: Get busier than ever! The new moon spotlights how you handle your daily routine, as well as balance productivity with all the responsibilities on your plate. More work could be handed to you from your employer, as well as further tasks upon your shoulders from life in general. Truly assess your work-life balance now so you’re not burning yourself out and still have time for healthy habits like exercise. Prepare for your heart to roar, Scorpio. The new moon will fill your life with fun, passion and romance. This is the most important lunation of the year for singles to get out there and shake it up, lining up as many dates as possible. Someone truly special could light your heart and loins on fire. Committed couples could also share in this sparkle by reigniting the spark between them. Do something fun and memorable! Fertility and creative matters also shine now. Cozy up at home, Sagittarius. While you’re normally always on the pursuit of new horizons, this new moon will actually highlight your domestic life and family. You have an opportunity to make a change, whether redecorating or relocating, or even growing closer to your kindred. You should be feeling more settled and joyous now, so enjoy these simple moments. Step up to the microphone, Capricorn. The new moon is amplifying your voice and ideas a thousand fold! This may give you the impetus to begin working on an exciting writing, speaking, advertising or branding project. With your intellectual side activated, you could also learn many new concepts that help you step in exhilarating new directions. Short-distance travel, catching up with your siblings and contractual matters are all likely to pop up near this time, too. Make that money, honey! The new moon could bring a big win in your financial life, Aquarius. An exciting job offer, raise, lucrative client or hefty check could make its way to you like a honing missile. However, don’t just wait for it to come to you. Get out there and make it happen. Assessing your budget will also go well, too. It’s birthday season, Pisces, and you’re the cat’s meow! The most important new moon of the year has arrived for you, giving you a chance to put yourself out there, step into your power and demand exactly what you want from the universe. Use the week that follows this lunation to carve out a new path and be intentional with your words and actions and watch as doors open to you everywhere you go. New moons are important lunations because they trigger new beginnings, cycles and patterns. They open a doorway before us dependent on where they fall for our rising and sun signs. New moons are especially potent for seven to 10 days after they arrive. Actions and decisions taken during that time act like seeds in a garden and will grow over the coming six months until they reach culmination—or an ending—at the corresponding full moon in the same zodiac sign. This lunation will be a new moon in Pisces (12 degrees). The energy of this water sign will be brought forth into our lives and stimulate the collective unconscious. Pisces is the final zodiac sign upon the wheel and signifies the ending, resolution and evolution of the human spirit and life cycle. Just as all stories must come to an end, we can use this period to reflect on what we have built and experienced over the past year before we venture into Aries season with the coming arrival of the spring equinox on March 20, 2022. Pisces energy is closely tied to spirituality, creativity, soulmate connections, mysticism and healing, so we will have a higher accessibility to each of these energies at this time. As for important information, the new moon arrives on March 2, 2022 at 12:34 p.m. (EST). This lunation has some gorgeous aspects, most notably with the new moon arriving united with Jupiter, the planet of miracles and blessings. This shows that it will be one of the most joyous lunations of the year, opening dazzling new paths before us that bring expansion and good fortune. Tremendous luck will shower down upon us. Jupiter is a co-ruler of Pisces, which means that its energy will be especially strong now. It will also dance harmoniously with Uranus, the planet of freedom and the future, bringing opportunities for positive change and new directions that we may not have anticipated. Get ready for a burst of energy to pursue whatever dream is at the center of your heart and spirit. The actions that are taken near this time will likely manifest near the full moon in Pisces (17 degrees) on Sept. 10, 2022. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.