A massive sinkhole forced locals to flee their homes after swallowing up a garden as the terrifying Storm Eunice battered Britain. The garden in Keighley, West Yorkshire was obliterated by the treacherous weather, as flood warnings were put in place across the country. Horrifying footage shows the huge hole which suddenly appeared outside the home on Sunday, consuming the entire contents of the outdoor area. Peter Kaszefko captured the terrifying aftermath of the moment the ground collapsed as the worst storm in a generation wreaked havoc. Brits were warned to brace for extreme wind and rain after the Met Office issued a rare “danger to life” red warning. The treacherous conditions left the remnants of the resident’s garden strewn amongst the rubble, after the concrete slabs gave way. After being lashed by relentless rain and strong gusts, families were forced to evacuate their homes as the enormous cavity appeared. The incredible clip shows Peter assessing the damage of what resembled a “mini landslide”, while a team in high visibility jackets arrived outside the home. As he travelled towards the back garden of the property, he shows the dramatic extent of the destruction Storm Eunice unleashed. Metal pipes and tubes were left protruding from the drenched soil where they previously supported the broken concrete tiles. The majority of the garden had been dragged down towards the river, leaving the sinkhole littered with furniture and the homeowner’s possessions. A shed can also be seen teetering on the edge of the huge pit, just inches from falling into the carnage below. To make matters worse, the nearby river has burst its banks and flooded the trees in deep water. Blustered locals were forced to leave the comfort of their homes and brave the storm as firefighters forced them to leave. Emergency services said the sinkhole had appeared due to the massing flood water brought by Storm Eunice as it slammed into the UK. After Peter shared the shocking footage online, users offered their sympathies to the homeowners dealing with the disintegrated garden. One commented: “I really hope these people have good family n friends to help and money to help so so sad.” Another added: “Looks like a mini landslide.” While a third chimed in: “Oh God, those poor folk. What an awful, unpredictable thing to happen.” A massive clean-up effort is continuing across the country after Eunice brought widespread damage, disruption and record-breaking 122mph gusts of wind to the UK – leading to the deaths of at least four people. The treacherous conditions led to travel chaos, flight cancellations, power cuts and police forces being inundated with calls. Train networks were plagued by flying debris – and there was extensive damage to buildings and homes with the roof of the O2 ripped off. The nationwide repair bill is reportedly expected to soar above £500million – with insurance companies braced for a huge spike in payouts. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.