While we all have spent ample time running around the house in our underwear this year while stuck at home, maybe it’s time to put away the joggers and sports bras and trade them in for something a bit sexier. Lingerie is a wardrobe staple for anyone who wants to look and feel their best, even if it spends most of its life under clothing. It can make you feel sexy or even celebrity-like, especially in some celeb-favorite brands. On Valentine’s Day, your significant other’s birthday or just on a Friday night — show off your bralettes, fancy panties, garter belts and more. From more full-coverage to barely-there options, here are some of the best lingerie brands to rock all year long. You may know this brand if you like some adult toys in the bedroom, but did you know they also sell some of the sexiest lingerie, too? Makes sense, but we wanted to share our top picks to make your night even more special. Check out their all-inclusive sets, like this black Lovehoney Bombshell Black Lace Babydoll Set that comes with the babydoll top and a matching thong bottom. We also love the Fierce Romance Black Wet Look and the Plus Size Moonlight Peekaboo Bra and Garter Panties Set for a more risqué vibe. It’s right in the name for this one. Whether you want to bare it all or leave some things to the imagination, Bare Necessities is here to help. Their lace rompers and teddies are standouts, with bright colors and daring cuts that accentuate the body’s natural curves. The Seven ’til Midnight lace romper comes in both red and black, featuring a deep V neckline and matching back with a silk ribbon closure. For far less coverage, there are also a number of cut-out and peekaboo options for all body types and preferences, including the Roma Open Cup Crotchless Teddy with heart-shaped cutouts. Adore the way you feel in these super sexy lingerie sets from Adore Me. Try the Lyla Unlined set, with a black and red bustier top and matching panty to tie the whole outfit together. Or, opt to show some more skin with the Ashleigh set which doesn’t cover much of the body at all. You fall in love and lust after these pieces from Anya Lust every day. The lingerie brand has a lot to choose from, but some favorites include a sexy red lace bra, a lingerie set that leave little to the imagination and then a silky sheer robe to cover up just a bit. For other looks, move over to the lingerie section for bedroom staples that are perfect for any day of the year. For the best place for a bodysuit you won’t want to take off, try Ann Summers collection, found at Nordstrom. The bodysuits range from a more full-coverage look like the The Boldly Beautiful Thong Bodysuit to less-coverage like the appropriately named Essential Mesh Bodysuit. Continue scrolling through the collection for more bodysuits, as well as bras and panties to mix and match all year long. Give them goosebumps when they see you in these amazing pieces from Gooseberry Intimates. Bare it all in this open bra top or leave a little more to be desired with this Oh So Sweet bra. They also have more detailed and amazing sets, like the Full On Glam Bra, that we would honestly wear out and about under a blazer if we could. You’re sure to feel expensive, luxurious and sexy while wearing any of the offerings from Agent Provocateur. For the main attractions, there are plenty of bras, panties, teddies and robes as well, including matching sets like the Lorna, pictured above on the left, or the strappy Whitney on the right. We also love all of their accessories, like the Kiss Me eyemask and amazing fuzzy pink kitten heels that will bring out your inner sex kitten. Stockings aren’t only for Christmas, as the hosiery gets a sexy upgrade for any day of the year, courtesy of Bluebella. The lingerie company sells more than just sultry stockings, although those are a must to check out. For something more full-coverage to pair with your tights, Bluebella recommends their bestselling Karolina Basque; a bondage-inspired outfit with a balconette bra top and corset-like mesh body. Make sure to also explore the Nightwear tab on their site to complete the look, with teddies, robes, nighties and more. If you start your lingerie search anywhere, start with Savage X Fenty by Rihanna. The singer-turned-beauty and fashion mogul’s line of lingerie spans all shapes and sizes and includes bras, panties, garter belts, stockings and more to make your night extra special. Check out the Linking Hearts set, including the pictured bra, underwear and belt. Or, go for something classic, with the Savage Not Sorry Lace Teddy. The brand also has options for him, including super silky satin boxers in an appropriate red color, as well as a Savage X Smoking Jacket to go on top. It’s the goddess of love and beauty after all, so why not put a little trust in Venus to make your life a bit sexier. Check out their Sexy Lingerie section for all things lace, straps and showing some skin, where you’ll find their Pink and Red Hearts set and a Floral Print Lace Bodysuit that are bedroom must-haves. They also carry a plus-size line of lingerie, making gorgeous panties, bras, robes and more accessible for all. It’s no secret that VS is the place to go when shopping for bras and panties. Make sure to head on over to see what’s trending this season, from classic push-up bras and lace panties to more fun teddies and robes. For those that want to show off their booty, the Micro & Satin Bow Ouvert Cheeky Panty is for you. If the top half is what you’re aiming to accentuate, go with the barely-there Unlined Strappy Balconette Bra in a cherry red color. What are you up to, Nasty Gal? The fashion site has dedicated a whole page to the love of lingerie. If you like more classic sets of bras and panties, go with the red Scalloped Lace Frill Bralette And Thong Set or the Mesh Embroidered Floral Bra And Panty Lingerie Set for something more flowery. Moving on to the more risqué, the bodysuits and sets are a must for any show-stopping night. The Lace-Up 3-Pc Lingerie Set or the Plus Lace Underwire 3pc Lingerie Set, that come with a lace bralette, matching panties and suspenders to tie the whole look together. All wrapped up and tied with a bow, this lingerie already looks like a gift without even needing a box or wrapping paper. Check out the lingerie at Fleur du Mal if you want indulgent and sensual sets. The Frankie collection starts with this lace bra in a balconette style and then be sure to add on the matching thong bottoms and garter belt. For those who prefer leather to lace, click over to the faux leather set, made of vegan leather. The collection includes a bra, panties and even the option to cover up with a faux leather pant or skirt. Sold at Net-a-Porter, this luxe lingerie brand will get you in the mood in no time at all, as soon as you settle on a look, of course. Browse their whole collection to find lace thongs, bodysuits, bras and more, suited for the upcoming holiday and beyond. The Muse Naomi satin-trimmed embroidered tulle bodysuit is a show-stopper, with amazing attention to detail and embroidery. We also love the classics, like this black Athena cutout embroidered tulle and satin bodysuit. Be sure to snag a robe as well, although this sheer one isn’t going to cover much, and scroll through the rest of the site to stock up on items you won’t find anywhere else. Matching with bae in the bedroom has never been easier with help from Fredrick’s of Hollywood. For lovers, have the ladies check out the Ivonne Open Front Mesh Babydoll or the fun and playful Be My Lover Bedroom Costume. You should also stock up on separates for all year round, like the Take My Heart Boyshort panties and the Hollywood Heartthrob Superboost Lace Full Figure Bra for an added lift. For a more subdued but still oh-so-sexy lingerie look, turn to Intimissimi for bodysuits and slips that put you in the mood. For a slimming figure under your date night outfit or to be worn on by itself, check out the Retro Shaping Slip in both black and a light pink to match any mood. Bodysuits are also the best in the bedroom, and Intimissimi has options. The black Eleonora Lace Bodysuit  is perfect, with a deep V plunge. Or, trade that in for a bustier option with the red Heart Beat Demi Bustier. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.