Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops into eastern Ukraine Monday to perform “peacekeeping functions” in two breakaway pro-Moscow enclaves he had earlier recognized as independent states — escalating the crisis in Eastern Europe and potentially laying the groundwork for a large-scale invasion. The decree signed by Putin granting full recognition to the Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People’s Republic (LPR) did not make clear when the “peacekeeping functions” would begin, nor did it say whether Russian forces were authorized to cross the so-called “line of contact” separating rebel-held territory in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions from areas controlled by the Kyiv government. The decree followed a televised speech in which Putin ranted and raved that Ukraine was not a standalone nation but rather “an integral part” of Russia. The Russian leader subjected viewers to a distorted history lesson in which he insisted that “modern Ukraine was entirely created by Russia — more precisely, Bolshevik, Communist Russia” and lamented that Soviet leaders going back to Vladimir Lenin had erred by “giving in to nationalists.” “Why did we have to be so generous, and then give these republics the right to leave?” the Russian leader asked at one point, making a clear reference to the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991. “Madness.” At another point, Putin noted bitterly that Ukrainians had demolished statues of Lenin — who Putin called Ukraine’s “author and architect” — after the fall of communism. “This is what they call ‘decommunization,'” he threatened. “Do you want decommunization? Well, that suits us just fine … We are ready to show you what real decommunization means for Ukraine.” Putin held his announcement of formal recognition of the DPR and LPR until the end of his speech, but the Kremlin had signaled his intentions in a readout of a call among Putin, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Russia is the first nation to recognize the DPR and LPR, which were created by pro-Russian militants following the chaos of Ukraine’s Maidan revolution and Moscow’s subsequent annexation of Crimea in 2014. Putin concluded his remarks by calling on the Kyiv government for a “cessation of hostilities” before warning “all responsibility for the possible continuation of the bloodshed will be entirely on the conscience of the regime ruling on the territory of Ukraine.” The US and its allies believe the Kremlin could use the ongoing conflict as a pretext to launch an invasion, and Putin’s announcement represents the first major test of Western resolve in the face of Moscow’s military forces. The White House responded to Putin’s speech by calling recognition of the DPR and LPR a “blatant violation of Russia’s international commitments” and announcing an executive order from President Biden barring Americans from doing business in the breakaway regions. “Kremlin recognition of the so-called ‘Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics’ as ‘independent’ requires a swift and firm response, and we will take appropriate steps in coordination with partners,” Secretary of State Antony Blinken tweeted Monday afternoon. “States have an obligation not to recognize a new ‘state’ created through the threat or use of force, as well as an obligation not to disrupt another state’s borders,” the secretary of state added in a longer statement. “Russia’s decision is yet another example of President Putin’s flagrant disrespect for international law and norms.” Meanwhile, Bloomberg News reported that the US was moving its embassy staff out of Ukraine entirely after shifting operations from Kyiv to the western city of Lviv last week. However, the report added personnel could be back in Ukraine as soon as Tuesday if a Russian invasion does not happen overnight. Biden did not make a public appearance Monday, but spoke on the phone with his Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky, and convened a separate call with Macron and Scholz. The president also met with his national security team, including Blinken, Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin and Gen. Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Putin spoke hours after chairing a meeting of the Security Council of Russia while shelling continued in the war-torn Donbas region. Images of the gathering showed Putin sitting alone at a desk while members of the council gathered on the opposite side of the ornately decorated room. Each member spoke in turn and dutifully expressed support for recognizing the DPR and LPR. Putin alleged that Moscow has tried to resolve disputes between residents of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions and the Kiev government using peaceful means since Russia invaded and annexed Crimea in 2014. The Russian leader further depicted Ukraine as the aggressor, accusing Kiev of launching a number of military offenses against the DPR and LPR and citing the most recent shelling reports — which Putin alleged violated the terms of a 2015 cease-fire brokered in Minsk, Belarus, by France and Germany. “It is clear to everyone that (Ukraine) is not going to do anything on this Minsk package of measures … Russia has made and is still making efforts to peacefully resolve all the difficult and tragic elements in the development of events, but today we are where we are,” Putin said. Alexander Bortnikov, head of the Russian Federal Security Service, described a dire situation in Donbas, saying 70,000 people had been moved to Russia after rebel leaders announced evacuation orders last week. Putin also addressed the security guarantees that he demanded of the US and NATO in December, arguing that if Ukraine is allowed to join the Atlantic alliance, “then the threats to our country will increase many times.” He raised the issue again in his speech Monday night, arguing to his fellow Russians that “if Ukraine was to join NATO, it would serve as a direct threat to the security of Russia.” “In NATO documents, our country is officially and directly declared the main threat to North Atlantic security,” Putin added. “And Ukraine will serve as a forward springboard for the strike. If our ancestors had heard about it, they probably would simply not have believed it. And today we don’t want to believe it, but it’s true.” The leaders of the DPR and LPR previously released televised messages appealing to Putin for formal recognition as well as military assistance. “With the goal of preventing mass deaths among the republic’s civilian population, some 300,000 of whom are Russian citizens, I’m asking you to recognize the sovereignty and independence of the Luhansk People’s Republic,” Leonid Pasechnik said, according to Russia-state news agency Tass. At the same time, the Russian-backed separatists and Ukraine military continued to trade blame for the shelling in Donbas. Officials in the rebel-held areas said four civilians had been killed in the past 24 hours by Ukrainian forces firing on residential areas. Ukraine’s military said two soldiers were killed over the weekend, with spokesman Pavlo Kovalchyuk telling the Associated Press that the separatists were “cynically firing from residential areas using civilians as shields” and emphasizing that Ukraine’s forces were not returning fire. The Russian military claimed that it had killed five suspected “saboteurs” who crossed into the Rostov region of Russia, a statement that Ukraine called “disinformation.” With Post wires