Lady Whistledown is back to reveal the secrets of the residents of the ‘Ton. Netflix’s record-breaking romantic drama series “Bridgerton” is back for a second season March 25 — and a tantalizing new teaser dropped in time for Valentine’s Day. The quick teaser for the Shonda Rhimes-produced series shows flashes of passionate scenes involving the characters and promises scandalous liaisons between them. Lady Whistledown is voiced by none other than Julie Andrews, who narrates the trailer. “Dearest gentle reader,” the minute-long teaser starts. “Did you miss me?” She then reveals that the search for her identity from members in the ‘Ton has risen and she’s been “honing my skills — no, even better: I’ve been sharpening my knives.” Season 2 will chronicle the exploits of Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and his journey to find a suitable — meaning rich — wife as he meets newcomers Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and her younger sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran), who have just arrived from India. He becomes romantically entangled with Edwina throughout the season; however, Kate is none too happy about the match. She learns of his less-than-gentlemanly intentions and decides to put an end to their blossoming relationship. Of course, in true romantic fashion, these enemies become lovers and their relationship complicates both of their families. Meanwhile, across Grosvenor Square, the Featheringtons must welcome the newest heir to their estate. Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) also continues to navigate the town while keeping her deepest secret (spoiler alert: she’s gossip-writer Lady Whistledown) from the people closest to her. The clip features Kate and Anthony sharing a dance and, in another shot, the two steal glances at each other at a garden party. The preview promises both sexiness — catch a glimpse of shirtless Anthony relaxing in a bathtub — and suspense, with his younger brother Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) engaged in a duel. Season 2 also sees the return of stars Adjoa Andoh (as Lady Danbury), Phoebe Dynevor (Daphne Basset), Luke Thompson (Benedict Bridgerton), Golda Rosheuvel (Queen Charlotte), Claudia Jessie (Eloise Bridgerton) and more. Breakout star Regé-Jean Page, who played Simon Basset, the Duke of Hastings, will not be returning to the drama and recently discussed how the new season will be focused more on the “female gaze.” “There’s so many people who will go, ‘Oh yeah, “Bonkerton,”‘” Bailey, 33, told Entertainment Weekly earlier this month. “The female gaze is so important because there are many ways people communicate by sex, and what sex means, and what your body means to someone else,” the “Broadchurch” star continued. “It’s important that there’s an inversion of sexuality and how people are exploited in the storytelling of sex.” 