New York Republican Party chief Nick Langworthy trashed Gov. Kathy Hochul on Monday as no different than her disgraced predecessor, Andrew Cuomo, with one exception — she wears “a skirt and heels.” Langworthy made the crack during his address to the GOP nominating convention on Long Island, in which he argued mounting worries about public safety could help the party overcome the Democrats’ sizeable fundraising and voter registration advantages in New York. “Kathy Hochul is Andrew Cuomo 2.0,” Langworthy told those gathered in a ballroom in Garden City. “Meet the new boss, she’s exactly the same as the old boss,” he continued. “Except she wears a skirt and heels.” “She willfully turned a blind eye to corruption, the abuse of people, the abuse of power and harmful, terrible policies that have chased our people to better places,” Langworthy added. “Kathy Hochul traveled around the state as the cheerleader in chief for Andrew Cuomo’s administration and not much has changed. His record is her record.” Hochul has repeatedly said she was not aware of ex-governor’s sexual harassment or staff mistreatment — and, in reality, was shut out from Cuomo’s inner circle, who twice tried to replace her as his running mate. However, she was criticized by some progressive activists and women’s rights groups for not demanding Cuomo’s resignation before state Attorney General Letitia James released her bombshell report, which affirmed or uncovered accounts from 11 women of sexual harassment. A rep for Hochul’s campaign declined to comment on the remarks, but female Democratic lawmakers condemned Langworthy’s gendered comparison. “Langworthy once again demonstrates the same old blatant (and boring!) sexism that is the hallmark of his party,” tweeted state Assemblywoman Nily Rozic (D-Queens). “This outlandishly misogynistic remark, made on the eve of #WomensHistoryMonth, is a trademark of the Republican Party,” added state Assemblywoman and Brooklyn Democratic Party Chair Rodneyse Bichotte Hermelyn. “We will overcome this blatant sexism & secure a #Democratic victory this November.” Meanwhile, the state’s last Republican governor, George Pataki, slammed Democrats for soft-on-crime policies such as bail reform – while also listing a slew of the party’s former elected officials who resigned in disgrace. “You know, we have a Democratic Party. They’ve had great leaders: Eliot Spitzer, Andrew Cuomo, Anthony Weiner, Sheldon Silver, Alan Hevesi, Eric Schneiderman – a parade of criminals or bad actors that have embarrassed this state,” the three-term chief state executive sarcastically told the crowd. “Right now the Democrats are having a real debate: ‘Am I a he, a she, a we, a it, a them or a this? They don’t know who they are because they’re trapped in woke identity crap. We know who we are. We know we are a party that believes in freedom,” he added.