A nurse who had just finished a 12-hour shift in A&E was left “speechless” after she started getting pervy messages and calls from her UberEats driver. Justine took to her TikTok page to explain that she’d decided to order a McDonald’s breakfast after her shift ended because she was hungry. “Please tell me why my UberEats driver — he starts talking too much so I was like, ‘I need to go to sleep, I’m going back in. Thank you so much, Bye’ — messages me on the app?” she began. “Just look because I’m speechless. I could just scream.” She then showed a screenshot of some of the messages she’d received, in which he’d written things like: “You’re single married you have boyfriend.” And “I give my number for you thinking maybe one day”. “He kept calling me from different mobile numbers, and he was lingering outside my flat. And I live on my own,” she added. Justine lied and said she had a boyfriend, and then tried to close the experience on UberEats to end the situation. At which point, the man started ringing her on her mobile. “Not only does this man have my mobile number now, he has my address,” she sighed. People in the comments section were quick to suggest Justine report the man to UberEats. “Please report him to Uber,” one person wrote. “He will get blocked from using the services. “Also it would be worth ringing 101 and put in a report just in case?” Another added: “That’s breaching GDPR guidelines. He should not be retaining your contact info. “I hope you’re okay and that he got reported. It’s not on.” “UberEats hire absolutely anyone and it’s so dangerous!! I hope you don’t lose any sleep lovely,” a third person commented. Someone else had a similar experience themselves, and wrote: “I had a similar experience I installed a camera at the front & blocked him everywhere. “He took my name from the receipt searched me up.” “I had a food delivery driver visit me the next day to ‘check I was ok,’ ” another comment read. “I don’t order takeout when I’m alone anymore.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.