Sunday, between beer and burps, saw record betting for the Super Bowl. We talk now of tomorrow. And that New York, already so expensive, could find a way to squeeze something out of an empty toothpaste tube. Its new dentifrice? Legal mobile sports betting. The good news is New York’s sports betting program is a home run. In quick time New York has become the No. 1 state for sports betting. This means dollars bet and the number of bets made. The bad news? New York is not being a good sport about it. Despite the volume of hits it’s landing out of bounds. Because New York is additionally taxing the licensed sports books and at the highest rates in the country. Happening is that along with the great volume it’s resulting now in the sports books themselves losing money. Says Yankee president Randy Levine, an early ardent supporter of mobile sports betting: “Concern is New York’s high level of taxation. Besides actual bettors, this taxing includes the promotional offerings.” Which means what? “Means you’re also taxed on the promotional stuff. Such as telling you to become a member — like betting on your phone. This includes the state of New York counting promotional offers as actual betting income. We’ve all seen the commercials where the sports book says you get extra dollars for joining and making your initial sports bet.” The problem now is this. With New York buttering that extra bread, could be these sports books get cranky? Swim back across the river? Hike cross country? Take their action to a lower taxing state? Maybe even go to — oy, forgive me, Father, for I may have sinned — downtown Iowa?! ——————————————————————————— TONY Testa, mobster turned realty broker, is challenging Sammy “The Bull” Gravano. Boxing match. Wanting to raise charity money for Black History Month, Testa says, “I have an age advantage so I’ll let Sammy wear head gear protection.” Wants to join the undercard of a women’s boxing event when champ Conor McGregor’s BFF Katie Taylor — who I don’t know — fights Brooklyn’s Puerto Rican champ Amanda Serrano — whom I also do not know. Madison Square Garden. Why? Who knows. ————————————————————————— WE got us a Lincoln car, Lincoln penny, 200 Lincoln statues, Lincoln Memorial, Mount Rushmore’s Lincoln, Lincoln parks everywhere, 16,000 books on Lincoln. He’s decorated more films than Meryl Streep. Been immortalized by Raymond Massey, Daniel Day-Lewis, Gregory Peck, Henry Fonda, Liam Neeson, Sam Waterston, Walter Huston, John Carradine, Hal Holbrook, everyone but Pete Davidson. Comes now — knocked down to Apple TV+ — a new series on old Abe. Producers swear it’s fresh stuff. Yeah. Like he’ll get up to reveal he was a shill for Burma-Shave? Producers invited me to learn more. So their more? “We produced this here. Took a year. Leslie Odom is Frederick Douglass’ voice.” What’s new about Lincoln? An ex press agent, now an exec, said: “We optioned David Reynolds’ book. Lots of new information.” Like what? “I’ll have our p.r. guy get back to you.” Their p.r. guy then shared this massive nugget: “It’s great. Very nuanced. We go back to Lincoln’s diaries.” To learn what?! He then recited names of the eight producers behind this one project. Great. Lincoln’s cabinet was smaller. The thing debuts Friday. Four parts. Itchy for information, try the Staten Island Advance. Maybe they know something. Movie producer Richard Donner. Made stuff like “Superman,” once said: “I have a bust of Abraham Lincoln in my office. Not because of what he did for our country, but because whenever I see it I have to remember an actor killed him.” ———————————————————————————- CELEBRATING romantically all Valentine week? Recall the immortal words of the Bronx poet laureate Carlos Schwartz: “Sex over 55 can be dangerous. Always pull over to the side of the freeway.” Especially in New York, kids, especially in New York.