Vice President Kamala Harris was mocked after she appeared unprepared to discuss the Ukraine crisis during a Q-and-A with reporters at the Munich Security Conference in Germany. “I mean, listen, guys, we’re talking about the potential for war in Europe,” Harris said at one point Sunday in response to a question about how the Biden administration saw the situation’s “endgame” playing out. “I mean, let’s really take a moment to understand the significance of what we’re talking about,” the veep went on. “It’s been over 70 years. And through those 70 years … there has been peace and security. We are talking about the real possibility of war in Europe.” Twitter user Jon Will Chambers summed up the thoughts of many by asking: “Did I just watch Kamala Harris claim there has been peace in Europe for 70 years?” Washington Examiner reporter Jerry Dunleavy pointed out on Twitter that those 70 years of “peace and security” included the Yugoslavian civil wars of the 1990s, “as well as Russia’s attacks on Georgia & Ukraine.” “Also, Berlin Wall only came down three decades ago so I’d quibble with 70 years,” he added before emphasizing in a second tweet that “it is not true there have been no wars in Europe for 70 years, nor do I consider the Soviet occupation of Eastern Europe ‘peace & security.'” “Sending perpetually unprepared Kamala Harris over to attempt to quell a geopolitical crisis is such an outrageous move,” tweeted Republican communications maven Matt Whitlock. “This word salad … may God help us all,” agonized Sean Parnell, a former GOP House and Senate candidate from Pennsylvania “We are being led by total buffoons.” “Cue Veep closing credits,” cracked Republican pollster Patrick Ruffini alongside video of Harris’ filibuster. Republicans and conservatives had looked askance at the White House’s decision to send Harris to the high-level conference, with many noting her failure to resolve the ongoing US-Mexico border crisis as President Biden’s point person on illegal immigration.