Russia’s invasion of Ukraine propelled hundreds of people to rally in Times Square Saturday, denouncing the military force and pledging support for their homeland. Kids sat on their parents’ shoulders with little blue and yellow Ukrainian flags painted on their cheeks. People chanted “Long Live Ukraine” One sign showed a cartoon of Russian President Vladimir Putin looking in the mirror and seeing Adolf Hitler as his reflection. Among those showing up to support Ukraine were a group of Russians. “We don’t like what’s going on. I do not want to be ashamed of my country,” said a man named Roman who would not provide his last name for fear of retaliation against his family back home. “Russia is not Putin.” Eva Lilova, 34 said there were “two different camps in Russia. “Some people trust in Putin because they don’t have clear information, just the state-run news, but a large number of people do not accept this war,” she said. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. Manhattan resident Yevgeniy Neverov, 30, who is originally from Kyiv, was at the rally with his wife Katia Karpenko, 28, originally from Moscow. “The common sentiment is that we’re not against Russian people. It’s Putin, his cronies and his oligarch class, which rules the country,” Neverov said. “If the US is concerned with the 1 percent, it’s like .0001 percent in Russia. That part controls everything.” On a large white sheet, Olesia Petiukh, 28, of Brooklyn, wrote a message in Ukrainian honoring the 13 guards on Snake Island in the Baltic Sea who were killed by Russian forces Thursday. “It says, ‘Russian ship, go f–k yourself,’” Petiukh said. It was similar to the message the guards sent to the Russian forces before they were killed. Mariya Gut, 18, of Queens, said her mother left the U.S. for Ukraine last week to volunteer in the defense. “She went on purpose to help people,” Gut said. “She’s helping people get clothes, she cooks for them, everything.” She said her brother is considering going back to Ukraine to fight. “He’s never done that before, but he wants to protect people over there,” Gut said. “I’m thinking about going back. I feel bad that I’m here. My friends are scared and dying over there, so I feel bad that I’m here and safe.” The rally was one of several events around New York yesterday in support of Ukraine. There was also a community prayer service at the St. George Ukrainian Church in the East Village.