What appears to be a quaint and innocent family home in the suburbs of Georgia is actually anything but. Located in Marietta, half an hour outside of Atlanta, the three-bedroom, three-bathroom abode boasts simple mahogany shutters, a green lawn and several ordinary rooms: a living room, an office, a kitchen, and the bedrooms. At first glance, the home seems perfect for a family of four. But as you venture downstairs to the basement, a less wholesome surprise comes into view: a customized stripper studio complete with a stripper pole, a couch, large audio speakers and a wall mirror — the whole shebang. The 1980s-style room, which sports painted black walls, was described in the listing as a “media room.” Meanwhile, the rest of the house, which was built in 1987, is the epitome of country living, surrounded by a grove of trees in a private community with a public pool and tennis courts within walking distance. Listed for $335,000, the residence offers on its main floor your typical combined kitchen-dining room space, a large laundry room and a bespoke office — especially convenient as people continue to work from home. The lower level holds a two-car garage in addition to the stripper den. Located upstairs are the three bedrooms, including a primary suite that features a walk-in closet and dual vanities. “This home has been well-loved by the current owners for almost 20 years. But the time has come for another owner to love it just as much,” the listing notes. The social media account Zillow Gone Wild posted about the home, immediately sending a lot of attention its way. “The commitment to the design aesthetic of the 1980s is pretty amazing, not sure what year having a stripper pole installed in your home came into vogue,” one person commented. “It all looks so normal until you get to the private strip club in the basement,” another user chimed in. Someone else commented: “I think disco inferno used to live there, he’s from Marietta, I guess he’d use the basement to practice his dance moves!” “At first, I thought we were gawking at the slip covers and mismatched living room furniture, then I turned the corner and saw it!” said another user. Brendan Paquin with EXP Realty LLC holds the listing.