Hard to believe, but “Saturday Night Live” had a skit mocking liberals this past week. Perhaps because the host was John Mulaney, the former “SNL” writer whose humor often skewers the pretentious. A group of friends are out to dinner and start to discuss COVID measures. When one mentions that she read an article in Bloomberg that mask mandates had little to no effect on the virus, everyone tenses up. Water is spilled, glasses are broken. Then, while insisting she’s happy to be vaxxed, Kate McKinnon says perhaps it’s not right to force it on people. “Maybe sometimes we can be a little overzealous when we condemn …,” Mulaney says. And “Did I have to dump my oldest friend because he didn’t get a booster?” Freakout. Screams. Dramatic light changes. It keeps going, capturing the liberal guilt over questioning the performative, often pointless rules — like it was fine to eat at a smaller “outdoor” restaurant but not inside the main one. “Look, I went to a child’s birthday party, self-careful,” says McKinnon, “and they did gymnastics in masks — don’t,” pointing at a smirking Mulaney “— and then they went into another room and took off their masks to eat pizza — this is the end of me — so did they really need the mask or no? DID ANY OF US EVER NEED THE MASK?” This skit could have aired at least a year ago. Mask mandates were irrelevant because none but the K-95s have any real deterrent effect, but were more so after the introduction of vaccines. Yet “Saturday Night Live’s” belated awakening is in line with what’s happening with the Biden administration and Democratic statehouses nationwide. The science hasn’t changed, the politics have. Even those who start sentences with “I’m not a Republican, but …” chafe that children are still masked in school, or you still have to mask on airplanes or trains. Huge crowds stand at the Super Bowl or concerts without masks on, yet you have to wear one to walk into a subway station. It makes no sense. If “SNL” has noticed the frustration, you can be sure it’s the talk of most middle-class liberal strongholds. These are the Democratic base, and elected officials worry the endless COVID regime is going to hurt them in the midterms. We cheer the belated adoption of common sense. Gov. Kathy Hochul was right to lift the state school mask mandate, and Mayor Eric Adams should not resist it for the city — nor should he leave it up to individual schools to make their own decisions, as Gov. Phil Murphy did with districts in New Jersey. That just regresses to the most fearful and irrational. But as we finally breathe a little easier, their cynicism should not be forgotten. Democrats didn’t make decisions based on the science, they based it on what the teachers’ unions demanded — and what they thought they could get away with. They play it for laughs now, but voters will remember.