“Yellowstone” actor Forrie J. Smith won’t be attending the 2022 Screen Actors Guild Awards come Feb. 27. The star is unvaccinated for the coronavirus and revealed his status is why he won’t be rubbing shoulders with other Hollywood stars at the awards show. SAG requires all ticketed attendees to show proof of vaccination plus booster shot (if eligible) and proof of a negative COVID-19 test. “I want to apologize to y’all for not being at the Screen Actors Guild Awards,” Smith explained in a now-deleted video on his Instagram account. “I mean no offense to anyone. I’m not vaccinated, and it’s a requirement to be vaccinated.” The “Hell or High Water” actor then opened up further about his anti-vax beliefs. “I’m not vaccinated, I will not get vaccinated,” he continued. “I haven’t been vaccinated since I was a little kid. I don’t vaccinate my dogs, I don’t vaccinate my horses. I’ve never had a flu shot. I never will. I believe they compromise your immunities … It’s no offense to anyone. It’s just my beliefs. I just don’t believe in that stuff. Whatever,” he added. “Thank you all, you all enjoy watching the show anyway, and maybe next year,” he said. The cast of Paramount Network’s “Yellowstone” was nominated for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series. Smith has portrayed ranch hand Lloyd Pierce on “Yellowstone” — now in its fourth season — since it premiered in 2018. His role started as a recurring one and he was promoted to a series regular in Season 3. Other members of the ensemble cast include Kelsey Asbille, Wes Bentley, Ryan Bingham, Gil Birmingham, Ian Bohen, Eden Brolin, Kevin Costner, Hugh Dillon, Luke Grimes, Hassie Harrison, Cole Hauser, Jennifer Landon, Finn Little, Brecken Merrill, Will Patton, Piper Perabo, Kelly Reilly, Denim Richards, Taylor Sheridan and Jefferson White. The SAG ceremony will broadcast live from the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California, at 8 p.m. EST on Feb. 27 on both TNT and TBS. On Tuesday, SAG announced that “13 Reasons Why” star Ross Butler and “The White Lotus” actress Alexandra Daddario will be ambassadors for the awards ceremony. The duo was picked as “actors who exemplify the utmost values of the profession and are positive role models for the next generation of performers,” according to a press release. “These individuals actively use their platform to advocate for humanitarian and public service endeavors.” Butler, 31, and Daddario, 35, “will present on the show, and provide viewers with exclusive behind-the-scenes access to the ceremony” and will also “participate in various SAG Awards pre-show events.”