It’s always so fascinating to see which celebrities couple up — because sometimes it leaves you scratching your head. Joe Jonas, 32, who catapulted to stardom alongside his bros as teen heartthrob musicians, the Jonas Brothers, has found a way to not only showcase his talent but also present a seemingly authentic version of himself in the public eye. Then there’s Sophie Turner, 26, who appeared in “Game of Thrones” as the coming-of-age queen Sansa Stark, eventually rising up to conquer the series as the Queen of the North. I’d always been familiar with their professional work — and when hearing the two were making their way to the altar as well as welcoming first child, Willa, and now a potential second baby — I decided it was finally time to take a peek beneath the charming and fun exterior that the two have presented before the world. One of my favorite viral pop culture moments ever was when the two flipped off the paparazzi, sporting binoculars while getting their drink on — TBH, relatable. So what makes their relationship click? Join me as we take a deep dive into their love story, because I’m a pop culture astrologer and that’s just what I do! Jonas was born on Aug. 15, 1989. This makes him a fiery Leo sun with an intellectual Aquarius moon. Jonas was born on a full moon, meaning that he goes big and loves to be in the spotlight (duh). His birth time is extremely questionable as it is listed online, so let’s focus on the major placements and aspects that I know are legit. First off, I can see that his chart is predominantly earth and water elemental energy, with air being the third up. When breaking down his chart, we see that he is strong, sturdy and persistent — ready and willing to be the rock that anyone needs in his life. He craves results and loves to make them happen, and in all honesty, he likely revels in being “the provider” as much as he can. This sort of energy is less flashy than other celebrities, though, because with the way his natal Mars, the planet of energy, links beautifully with his natal Saturn, the planet of strength, I can see that he’s ultimately very organized, controlled and purposeful in all that he does. He’s certainly confident and enjoys self-expression, but not in an irrational or overly theatrical way. His natal Saturn is also united in the same place as his Neptune, which is a very rare aspect because it shows that his practicality is in perfect alignment with his imagination, helping him to be grounded in the ways he pursues his visionary creativity. While some of this may seem like he’s “daddy” energy and a bit serious — that isn’t necessarily the case, though. With his natal Jupiter, the planet of expansion, linked in an opposition with his natal Uranus, the planet of freedom, we also see that he is immensely optimistic, inventive and excitable. What a cool cat. TBH: This is a guy I would totally be down to marry. Turner was born on Feb. 21, 1996. This makes her a sensitive Pisces sun with an assertive Aries moon. Her birth time does look a bit more accurate, which would make her also a feisty Aries ascendant. Upon reviewing her chart, she has a healthy blend of elemental energy, helping her to be able to relate to others and be flexible in how she interacts. Internally though, she’s quite fiery — which we can also see being played out in her planetary aspects. In fact, between she and her husband, I actually think she’s the more aggressive and passionate of the two — eager to challenge the norm and go after what she wants. Her sun is in a tight union with Mars, the planet of passion, giving her an active and outgoing personality with high levels of stamina and personal strength. However, her sun and Mars are in a sharp angle to Pluto, which brings her an incredible lust for power and a deep focus on being recognized and admired. TBH: She likes to get her way and is certainly a bit more egocentric than her husband. She’s single-minded in getting what she wants — but that’s again one of the things that Jonas thinks is just so damn hot about her! One last thing I want to highlight is that her moon, ruling her inner life and soul, is also in a powerful conversation with Pluto in her chart, bringing her intense emotions and extreme sensitivity, as well as a deep need for transformation. If she feels threatened or unsafe, she has a tendency to become highly volatile in order to protect herself and those she loves. Now I’m going to be upfront: I rarely use generic birth times listed online because so often they’re wrong. However, on deeply analyzing their charts with and without addressing their potential ascendants, something just sticks out that makes me think these birth times could be right. In fact, their ascendants are a perfect yin-yang match, revealing the power of polarity as Turner is an Aries rising and Jonas is likely to be a Libra rising. Even without that, though, their charts are extremely aligned. They have long-term strength built into the relationship, as well as mutual career support, a happy domestic life, significant mental rapport, financial awareness and, of course, romantic passion. My compatibility rating for them is 9 out of 10. Not only is the yin-yang balanced energy in their ascendants, but it exists as a theme throughout their charts. On one hand, this can certainly increase the intensity between them when they’re not seeing eye to eye, but by working together, they truly are greater than just the sum of their parts. This is a motivated couple. They can inspire and empower each other as well as help fuel one another to live life to the fullest and have fun in the process. They truly bring so much light to one another’s lives, sharing exuberance, enthusiasm and uninhibited pleasure. But that’s not all! There are also dreamy, sensitive aspects in their charts too! I love how their moons are in a gorgeous alignment so that they may almost feel like they possess a psychic bond because they can share feelings effortlessly. Hold on: Let me go add all of this to my vision board for my future marriage! BRB! Let’s just put it this way: When peering into the pair’s 2022, they both are in a huge year regarding fertility. There are a lot of planetary alignments for them that focus upon children, laughter, romance, general happiness and growing their families. So is Turner pregnant? Duh. And I didn’t even need to see the photo that’s been making the rounds on social media. The next thing I see is that there’s a big trend around finances looking especially good for the both of them, particularly in regards to real estate, assets and investments. Jonas is likely to have more professional breakthroughs in the years to come rather than Turner, but I think she’s going to be more interested in re-creating herself and trying out different roles. (Although, let’s be real, there is also a possibility of her returning to some of her previous roles, such as Jean Grey from the Marvel Cinematic Universe.) Yet, I do think she’s going to have a desire to re-create herself as she embarks into new territory while also pushing herself professionally and creatively. I do hope my path crosses this duo because they seem like such interesting people and I think we’d get along smashingly. Who knows. It might happen sooner than we all think . . .  You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.