Marcus Stroman apparently has no regrets about leaving the Mets for the Chicago Cubs this offseason. Stroman, who spent three years in Queens from 2019-21 (opting out of the 2020 season after suffering an injury), is one of the more active athletes on Twitter. On Tuesday, he used his social media reach to attack his now-former team – and their new GM, Billy Eppler. After a post praising his former Mets teammate Michael Conforto, calling him an “unbelievable human being” and calling for the league to “pay that man what he deserves,” a fan responded that she’s “still holding out hope” that Conforto returns to the Mets. Stroman didn’t agree. “I’m hoping he’s well-paid elsewhere,” Stroman tweeted, with a shrug emoji. When pressed on the thought, he responded: “Very very thankful to be out of there for several reasons. God always got me. Beyond excited to perform for an incredible fanbase who appreciates their players! @Cubs.” When asked if he could expand on the issues that drove him away from the Mets, he wrote, “The world isn’t ready for those answers to be honest.” In another tweet, Stroman further clarified his position, taking a shot at Eppler in the process. “Just look at who the Mets hired as their GM…that tells you enough,” he wrote. “His lack of awareness in his previous position is being exposed to the public now. I’m beyond thankful I’m gone from that organization. God got me!” Most of the tweets appear to have been deleted as of Wednesday morning. It’s unclear where Stroman’s disdain for Eppler, who the team hired in November, came from. He spent six seasons as the general manager of the Angels, and while he did some good things there – notably, signing two-way superstar Shohei Ohtani – the team never made the playoffs under his watch. The Mets were impressed enough to hand him a second GM job after the Angels fired him, but Stroman, for one, appears skeptical. Stroman signed a three-year deal with the Cubs in December, after the Mets hired Eppler – and before the lockout began.