As we welcome winter, we also welcome dry skin. Though some may experience dull and cracked skin all year round (myself included), there hasn’t been a better time to invest in a new skincare routine. For one, you’ll have a regimented ritual set in place just before the new year. Not to mention, the 55 products in this list have been thoroughly tested and are miracle formulas for my dry skin. I’ve been testing products for years and, truth be told, there’s an entire product cart in my bathroom dedicated to face cleansers, serums, moisturizers and more. Essentially, I’ve put nearly every top brand from Alpyn Beauty to Youth to the People on a calendar-driven cycle, many thanks due to my color-coded Google Calendars and notes app. I’ve had dry skin for as long as I can remember, have made several visits to the dermatologist to try to cure it and, until using these products on a regular basis, I’ve seen a major improvement to the flakiness on my skin. That said, you’ll rest assured that all the top picks are actually worth the buy. We know skincare can be pricey at times. But hey, even if you want to start with a quality cleanser and a cloud-like moisturizer, your skin will still thank you. Some of the best ones include hyaluronic acid, while others include retinol. Noteworthy favorites are of every variety, too, from toners and eye creams to vitamin C serums and under-eye patches. Below, find our 56 best skincare products for dry skin we reviewed. They sure made my skin bounce and glow — and have since erased the itchy, thirsty skin I used to have. Click to jump to a specific category: All I can say is wow. Korres’ Greek Yoghurt Nourishing Probiotic Gel-Cream has a heavenly subtle almond paste scent and is calming, bounce-evoking and doses your skin with the dewiest hydration. It’s pure magic, TBH. Alpyn Beauty is one of my favorite clean beauty brands, with its PlantGenius Melt Moisturizer being a standout product. Infused with hyaluronic acid for refreshment, squalane for hydration and bakuchiol to target fine lines, it’s one of my favorites to apply twice daily. Truthfully, your skin will bounce with Alpyn Beauty’s Triple-C Brightening Bounce Cream. It kind of reminds me of Maybelline’s Dream Bouncy Blushes (RIP), and this aloe-rich cream — which also includes chokecherry — always leaves my skin with unmatched radiance every time I use it. Banila Co’s Miss Flower & Mr. Honey Cream proves that some of the best ingredients come straight from the hive. This somewhat sticky, viscous moisturizer is a treat for dry skin — especially in the evenings — and left my skin supple and clear. Plus, the larger-than-life tub will last for quite a while. If you want a cream solely targeted for the nighttime, you can’t go wrong with CeraVe’s Skin Renewing Night Cream. I’ve been using it for months and it’s a superstar product for being dermatologist-recommended and containing three essential ceramides. Charlotte Tilbury’s Magic Cream Moisturizer may be a splurge at $100 — but a mighty good one at that. Aside from its glam packaging, it contains hyaluronic acid, peptides, vitamins C and E, aloe vera, rosehip oil and a slew of other skin-hydrating ingredients. If you’re searching for a velvety moisturizer, look no further than Drunk Elephant’s Lala Retro Whipped Moisturizer. It targets dull skin, is infused with six African oils and has the most luscious texture you have to experience. Meet my years-long favorite. First Aid Beauty’s Ultra Repair Cream truly serves intense hydration. I’ve inspired a handful of loved ones to try it (my boyfriend included) and it’s especially suited for eczema and sensitive skin types. Delicious smelling and equally heart-eyes-emoji on your skin, Glow Recipe’s Banana Soufflé Moisture Cream will instantly transport you to your favorite bakery where banana scones and pastries are fresh out of the oven. And, just like the bananas in your morning smoothie, the cream is rich in potassium and magnesium — turmeric, too — to fortify your skin’s appearance. TikToker Addison Rae knew what she was doing when curating ITEM Beauty’s Intensive Cream Moisturizer for Dry Skin. We reviewed most products in her beauty line, but this one is a no-frills option that hydrates and is great for travel. Laneige’s popular Lip Sleeping Mask has some competition with the brand’s Water Bank Moisture Cream. Hinting really strong spa vibes, it’s powered by antioxidants and extracts of super greens — artichoke, Brussel sprouts and lima beans — to deliver a smooth-feeling formula. And, if the idea of greens being in your skincare worries you, Laneige’s formula is pretty much fragrance-free. Jergens’ Ultra Healing Dry Skin Moisturizer is the drugstore-sold bottle I reach for after every shower and it’s dynamite on my sensitive and dry skin. And, it’s less than $10. A close second to Jergens is Drunk Elephant’s T.L.C. Glycolic Body Lotion. If the pretty pink packaging isn’t enough to sell you, its divine blend of AHAs, marula and shea buttles makes it effective and silky-smooth on your skin. I never thought primers were necessary until Giorgio Armani’s Luminous Silk Hydrating Primer made its way atop my vanity. It can double as a moisturizer — it’s just that good. If you want a hydrating eye primer that will cover veins and small imperfections, Anastasia Beverly Hills Mini Eye Primer is small but mighty at the job. Just note a little goes a long way with this product; it’s quite thick. Benefit Cosmetics’ The POREfessional Pore Minimizing Primer deserves all the praise in the world for actually blurring pores ahead of applying makeup. And, it makes your makeup stay on all day. It’s important to apply SPF daily, even if it’s just a spritz. Coola’s Full Spectrum 360 Refreshing Water Mist is the easiest way to do so — and a great refresher before makeup. Enter my tried-and-true favorite cleanser that is accredited for transforming my breakout-prone skin into smooth bliss. Alpyn Beauty’s Creamy Bubbling Cleanser delivers the proper amount of foam, gently exfoliates (thanks to AHAs and papaya enzymes). Walk, don’t run to this less-than-$40 formula. Truthfully, Banila Co’s Clean It Zero Foam Cleanser is a hidden treasure in the skincare department. I was pleasantly surprised with its delicate foaming on my dry and sensitive skin and loved the subtle floral scent for waking me up in the morning. For causing no breakouts or irritation — and, because of its ultra-hydrating feel, it’s undoubtedly one of the best cleansers on this list, especially if you’re on a budget. As a budget-friendly option, CeraVe’s Foaming Facial Cleanser takes the cake. It’s great on sensitive skin, specifically, and a great hydrator for dull and dry skin, too. From the brand that brought us one of our favorite body butters we tested, there’s a just-as-lovely Exfoliating Jelly Cleanser to add to your radar from Goop. From the second I tried it, it immediately nurtured my dry skin, reversing my dull texture into something more supple. Not to mention, it’s gentle enough for everyday use. Infused with argan oil, this jelly-feeling cleanser felt super clean on my face and is gentle enough for sensitive and dry skin. Plus, it actually left my entire face subtly radiant which, for $17, take of that what you will. Crabtree & Evelyn’s Soft Touch Face Foam has notes of floral and a creamy consistency that’ll leave your skin refreshed without stripping your delicate skin. And, the brand’s Hydrating Glow Face Moisturizer is just as great. Want your skin to bounce? Drunk Elephant wasn’t fooling around with its Beste No. 9 Jelly Cleanser that has a well-textured consistency — that contains cantaloupe and glycerin for added moisture — to offer a revitalizing skin feel. When my skin is feeling extra dull, I always pull out Fresh’s Sugar Strawberry Exfoliating Face Wash. It’s sweet-smelling and doesn’t strip my skin, though its subtle grit exfoliates away impurities like a charm. Now, while the GoopGlow Microderm Instant Glow Exfoliator is a splurge, it’s a tub of greatness. Notably, it combines elements of chemical and physical exfoliation to polish away roughness — aka a dry skin wonder. Korres’ Greek Yoghurt Foaming Cream Cleanser is one you shouldn’t sleep on if you have dry skin. Containing rich and real Greek yogurt, I love using it because it gently cleanses, tones my complexion and even removes makeup. Tatcha’s one ‘pass GO’ away from landing the skincare Monopoly. The Japanese beauty brand has exceptional, luxury-feeling products, with The Rice Wash Skin-Softening Cleanser packed with hyaluronic acid, Japanese algae and the brand’s signature Hadaasaei-3 to tap into more youthful skin. Not to mention, it always leaves my face fresh and glowy before using a moisturizer. Though there’s only one hand cream on here, there’s a reason why it’s included. Crabtree & Evelyn’s Harvest Hand Cream lives on my nightstand and always makes my hands incredibly smooth, thanks to its blend of sunflower, chia and borage oils. Let’s talk about refreshing. Belif’s Aqua Bomb Hydrating Toner always makes me feel like I took a dive into the ocean. The bottle says it “floods the skin with moisture,” and the brand practically took all the words out of my mouth. I love Caudalie’s skincare products for always making my skin feel nurtured. Specifically, its Vinopure Natural Salicylic Acid Pore Minimizing Toner (a mouthful, but a good one) is versatile for most skin types and noticeably removes excess oil. Sweet-smelling and pore-reducing, Glow Recipe’s Watermelon Glow PHA + BHA Pore-Tight Toner will inspire you to have a seven-step skincare routine. It replenishes your skin before moisturizer in the yummiest way possible, while including hyaluronic acid and cactus water for a snazzy skin drink. Indie Lee’s COQ-10 Toner is a hidden skincare gem that contains aloe vera and cucumber for a spa-like feel that reverses the dull feel of dry skin. And, it’s one my friends always steal from me when they visit. I mean, I want to travel to Santorini for a quick drink, but Korres’ Santorini Grape Velvet Skin Drink is the closest I’ll get these days. The best way to describe this modern-packaged treatment: it makes my skin feel awake without looking shiny. I’ve been hearing about Elaluz’s Beauty Oil everywhere, and finally understood the hype when I’ve been using it for months. As an early riser, it makes my skin feel refreshed, likely because it’s 100% plant-based and contains eucalyptus and vitamins A and E. Not only is this serum wonderful on dry and sensitive skin alike, but its inclusion of plant-based retinol quickly gives the skin a tightening effect — a skin-helping attribute that offsets the sometimes oily finish serums give. As a top-three favorite vitamin C serum we tested, Biossance’s Squalane + Vitamin C Dark Spot Serum is a classic formula I always pick up. It’s one of the best for brightening and helping to erase dark spots, too. Caudalie’s Vinsource Hyaluronic Acid Serum deserves all the praise because it’s the creamiest serum I’ve tested. It’s practically a moisturizer, but one that’s a tad more lightweight and nourishing toward sensitive areas, like the under eyes. Before you say, “There’s no way I’m spending $300 on a serum,” it’s important to note that Dr. Barbara Sturm’s Hyaluronic Serum is ideal for people who want to take their skincare regimen to the next level. It’s packed with low and high molecular weighted H.A. to instantly boost the skin — a truly recommended splurge. Marula oil has wonderful anti-aging and hydrating properties, and I always feel refreshed when I use Drunk Elephant’s Virgin Marula Luxury Facial Oil. It’s rich in antioxidants and omegas 6 and 9 to target dryness and uneven texture, too. Unique for its hidden burst of cherry, Farmacy’s Very Cherry Bright Vitamin C Serum is the best brightening serum for dry skin. It contains the “better” form of vitamin C (L-ascorbic acid) and makes me feel awake. Coming in hot is Glow Recipe’s Guava Vitamin C Dark Spot Treatment Serum, our top vitamin C serum overall. Can you tell we adore vitamin C serums yet? It’s incredibly smooth, refreshing and just a bottle that deserves some attention on your bathroom counter. As another splurge, Tata Harper’s Superkind Fragrance-Free Bio-Barrier Serum is especially great for dryness, dark circles and anti-aging. I love that it’s mostly botanical, vegan and ultra-hydrating — especially in the winter. I finally hopped on the Nécessaire bandwagon and found it to be a necessary endeavor. All puns aside, it’s a fantastic gel-oil cleanser for your skin that always leaves mine irritation-free and post-shower smooth. If you’re looking for a body scrub for extra texture, consider First Aid Beauty’s KP Bump Eraser. It’s designed for rough patches and, for alleviating and preventing razor burn, I can’t recommend it enough. What’s great about OUAI’s Scrub is that it’s equally performant for your scalp and body. It revolutionizes my shower experience for dolloping on my skin and then my hair for a two-in-one wash. If you haven’t seen this mask on TikTok, it’ll sell you — and, it’s as good as it looks. I’ve truly never met a mask that leaves my skin irresistibly smooth, refreshed and hydrated at once. For $39, it’s the product I recommend most. Alpyn Beauty does it again with its Wild Huckleberry 8-Acid Polishing Peel. This soothing yet slightly gritty mask is a lovely and impressively gentle exfoliant and hydrator. It’s exceptional for reversing the effects of dull skin and, with its salicylic acid count, is effective for acne-prone skin. Farmacy’s Honey Potion Renewing Antioxidant Hydration Mask always makes my skin glow, leaves it supple and looks great in my bathroom for a worthy, aesthetic skincare product to honor self-care days with. For less than $10, you should seriously stock up on Sephora Collection’s Clean Charcoal Mask. It’s a fun nighttime activity to do with your friends and now, Sephora offers same-day delivery — what’s better than that? Whenever I want to take off my makeup in a pinch, I always resort to Farmacy’s Green Clean Makeup Removing Cleansing Balm. It’s smooth and never leaves any residue when I wake up the next morning — a rarity these days. Micellar water is another product I enjoy using to remove makeup and excess oils, with Drunk Elephant’s being my favorite. It doesn’t strip my skin and leave it red like others I’ve used. Not to mention, the bottle lasts for a long time. Garnier’s Micellar Cleanser Water is an affordable option if you want a two-in-one cleanser and makeup remover. Plus, it’s handy for travel. The Lanolips 101 Ointment Multipurpose Superbalm was the best lip balm for dry skin I reviewed and it’s a product worth having multiple of — one for your purse, your car and your desk. Seriously, incredible. Aerin’s Rose Lip Conditioner taps into the floral scents of its perfumes (which I love — specifically, ‘Cedar Violet‘ and ‘Mediterranean Honeysuckle‘ scents). For $30, it may seem pricey for a lip balm, but it’s intensely hydrating, though a bit sticky. I never thought of giving my lips some R&R, but Bite Beauty’s Agave+ Weekly Vegan Lip Scrub is deliciously good and effective. Plus, it makes an excellent stocking stuffer. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.