For the first time in 30 years, a Brooklyn Heights townhouse — located next door to the MTA’s famed Greek Revival subway ventilator disguised as another townhouse — has hit the market for $6 million, The Post has learned. Located at 60 Joralemon St., the six-bedroom, four-bathroom abode is made up of four floors and has been fully customized over the years. The current husband-and-wife owners — David Miller, a retired tax attorney, and Judith Miller, who fundraises for nonprofits — first purchased the home back in 1991 for only $695,000, records show. “There are so many things to love about this house. From the top floors, you feel like you’re living in a treehouse,” David told The Post. “The backyard extends to the end of the block, so it feels really open and airy, you don’t feel like you’re in a backyard. And we love the neighborhood — living here has been like living in a little village right in the middle of New York City. We’ll miss it, but it’s time for a new family to cherish this home as we have for the past 30 years.” “I believe that with transitions comes new paths and opportunities,” added Judith. “We wanted to make this move while we were still young and healthy enough to enjoy this next phase of lives.” Built in 1845, the listing is described as a “once-in-a-lifetime century townhouse” that brings back “old-world luxury and charm.” Weaving in contemporary upgrades, features include Sonos speakers, a quartet of marble wood-burning fireplaces throughout the home and a casual media room. Spanning 3,280 square feet, the “entertainment-style” kitchen comes with a built-in banquette seating and eat-in island, which leads to the unique offering of a double-wide backyard, the listing notes. The outdoors has an Italian-inspired garden area with space for alfresco dining. All the light fixture medallions throughout the residence have also been brushed with 14-karat gold. Additionally, each bedroom has been hand-stenciled with oil paint and murals by artist Emma Tapley. The primary suite spans the entire third level, featuring a private dressing room, couples’ closets, a quiet study and a windowed en-suite bathroom with marble tiles, double sinks, a walk-in shower and a freestanding soaking tub. The fourth level has the remaining three bedrooms. Tricia Lee with SERHANT holds the listing. “We’ve seen great interest in the property in just a few days on the market,” Lee told The Post. The townhouse is attached to 58 Joralemon St., a former townhouse that may look like a residential home at first glance but whose intentionally pitch-black windows signal that something is a little off. It’s been an MTA property since the early 1900s, serving as an emergency exit where crew and passengers could escape if there were trouble in the tunnel. It leads to the eastern end of the New York City Subway’s Joralemon Street Tunnel, on the 2, 3, 4 and 5 train lines.