The Nets had just a Big 1 to the Bucks’ Big 3, but two big runs in the second half were enough to knock off the defending champs. A four-minute stretch in the third quarter, during which they nearly blew the doors off of Fiserv Forum, and a strong closing four-plus minutes in the fourth lifted the undermanned Nets to a 126-123 win over the Bucks on Saturday night in Milwaukee. Kyrie Irving, playing for the first time in two weeks because the Nets had four straight games in New York City around the All-Star break, scored a season-high 38 points and helped key both second-half runs. “It wasn’t just me, it was all of us, swinging the basketball,” Irving said. “As it got down to under six minutes, it was about who’s in the best condition and who’s going to get up and down the floor and keep that pace. We just didn’t want to slow down our offense. … We just wanted to stay aggressive, stay the course, and we did that tonight.” The Nets outscored the Bucks 23-4 during a dominant stretch in the third quarter to take a 13-point lead, but the Bucks withstood that punch and came back to take a 112-105 lead with under five minutes left in the game. That’s when the Nets whipped up one last spurt, using an 8-0 stretch to regain the lead and closing the game on a 21-11 run. “Nothing tactical, just doing what we do better,” coach Steve Nash said. A pair of blocks from Andre Drummond (17 points, 12 rebounds, five assists) and James Johnson in the final minute helped secure the win, as did a missed free throw from Grayson Allen with 14.6 seconds left. Irving then sank a pair of free throws with 8.9 seconds left to push the lead to 121-118. The Nets got a scare seconds later when Seth Curry purposely fouled Khris Middleton on the floor. The referee initially ruled Middleton to be in the shooting motion, but the crew huddled and determined the foul happened before the shot, giving Middleton two free throws instead of three. The teams went on to trade free throws in the final seconds, but Irving and LaMarcus Aldridge made enough to ice the win, with Giannis Antetokounmpo missing a potential game-tying 3 at the buzzer. The Nets (32-29) avoided sinking to just one game above .500, which would have been their first time there since they were 4-3. They also improved to 5-14 since Kevin Durant sprained his MCL on Jan. 15. Instead of treading water without their top superstar, the Nets’ tailspin had dropped them to eighth place in the Eastern Conference coming into Saturday. But with his return imminent in the next week, they put together one of their best wins without him to escape Milwaukee with the win. “I don’t want to get carried away, it’s one win,” Nash said. “[But] guys were rewarded for their effort and play and character tonight.” The Bucks (36-25) had their full Big 3 intact, getting a combined 73 points from Antetokounmpo, Middleton and Jrue Holiday — plus a huge 30-point night from Bobby Portis. The Nets left the ex-Knick open too often from beyond the arc and he took advantage, shooting a career-high 8-of-14 from 3. He went on an 8-0 run by himself late in the third quarter to close the deficit and then sank back-to-back 3s early in the fourth to put the Bucks back on top, 101-100. The Bucks later led 112-105 before the Nets went on one last run, with a 3-pointer from Irving giving them a 113-112 lead. After the teams traded buckets, Bruce Brown drained a 3 to give the Nets a 118-116 lead, which they never relinquished. “It definitely felt like there was a weight lifted, just being back here, being healthy and getting a win,” Irving said after thriving on the same court where he sprained his ankle in Game 4 of the teams’ playoff series last June. “And knowing that there’s a possibility we could see them down the line again.”