The Issue: Mayor Adams’ decision to fire more than 1,400 government workers for not getting the jab. I was profoundly moved by Diane Pagen’s story regarding her experience being arbitrarily fired from her job as a public-school social worker due to the COVID vaccine mandate (“You Suffer, Too,” Feb. 17). I have a basic question: Since this mandate was imposed by former Mayor Bill de Blasio in October, and since he may be the city’s worst mayor ever and wrong on most everything he stood for, and since we now know that this is not the pandemic of the un-vaccinated as those previously vaccinated can also still be infected, why can’t Mayor Adams, simply issue a new directive that ends the vaccine mandate for all city workers? Edward J. Cooper Glenmont Adams says the vaccine mandate is unfair to Kyrie Irving of the Brooklyn Nets. That’s only the tip of the iceberg with all city employees and businesses given an ultimatum to get vaccinated or no job. Joseph V. Comperchio Brooklyn Now us vaccinated people can now feel safe. The city promised to fire all workers who refused to be jabbed. The very same people who worked through the worst of the pandemic and have survived thus far. Isn’t it ironic, though, that thousands at the Super Bowl screamed, rooted, hollered and were happy being seen, when all mostly unmasked? I guess they held their breath so that they wouldn’t spread this endemic. Administrations may change, but the demands and commands do not. S. Kane Brooklyn Adams has decided to get tough and make an example of some of the most vile individuals the city knows: The over 1,400 government workers fired for not getting the vaccine. Instantaneously, our city grew safer. I wonder how many, like myself, have double natural immunity and the — doctor’s words here — optimum level possible of antibodies. Doesn’t matter if these employees had exemplary careers. Conform now and become a de facto science experiment for power-hungry tyrants. When the gas nozzle clicks when filling your car signaling it’s full, do you keep pumping? No, right. That would be irrational, stupid and could possibly cause harm. Gary Kaelin Commack I am a vaccinated New York City high-school teacher; my husband is on unpaid leave as an unvaccinated teacher with an outstanding religious exemption appeal and a pending court case over the failure of the City to provide a 3020a hearing, according to State tenure laws. When I decided to vaccinate, Rachel Maddow of CNN and others assured us that “a vaccinated person gets exposed to the virus, the virus does not infect them, the virus cannot then use that person to go anywhere else. It cannot use a vaccinated person as a host to go get more people.” My husband and I had COVID this January. It affected us no differently. Trust is gone among many of the vaccinated. When will we ever choose to get vaccinated again? When will we ever vote Democrat again, if it is the party of mandates, not personal choice? Who will work and live in the city if people earn less, pay more, feel less safe and lose power over their own bodily decisions? Jennifer G. Hogue Manhattan Is there anyone in New York politics who hasn’t lost their collective minds and can admit the foolishness of firing people based on whether they received the vaccination? Honestly, to decide to vaccinate or not is a personal choice and HIPAA laws should apply. This is madness. Theresa Caso-O’Brien Melville