Last All-Star break, Julius Randle was in Atlanta mingling with the NBA’s glitterati. This hiatus, Randle just needed to get away after a rough first 59 games, failing to make the All-Star Game this time around. “First time I’ve been in New York and didn’t have anything to do,’’ Randle said after Thursday’s practice. “I didn’t have workouts to go to. I took time off. I shut my phone off. There was no access to me. It was amazing.’’ Randle said he just spent time with his wife, Kendra, and two young children. He needed to clear his head because it hasn’t been easy being the face of the franchise with new mammoth expectations. Randle said he didn’t watch Sunday’s All-Star Game, but his son made him watch the tail end of Obi Toppin’s dunk-contest championship. “My son is obsessed so he got me in the room and I saw ‘O’ win it, saw his final two dunks,’’ Randle said. It’s been a disappointing season for the Knicks and for Randle despite his statistical surge in the seven games leading into the break. He averaged 29.6 points, 12.4 rebounds and 6.3 assists down the stretch but the Knicks went 1-6. Randle’s season has been muddled in anger — his thumbs-down gesture to fans, his media boycott that cost Knicks owner James Dolan $25,000, his battle with referees, his laptop altercation with an assistant coach during a Lakers game, his abrasive reaction when asked about swirling trade rumors, his decision to stay in the back during starting lineup intros during the recent western trip as a way to prepare. “I’m just focused on preparing myself to be my best every game, taking care of my body and getting ready for this last stretch of games,’’ Randle said when asked if he had any epiphanies during the break. “As we started working back and getting ready for practices, you focus on things, little details and stuff you always focus on.’’ It was a breath of fresh air for Randle as he attempts to lead the Knicks out of their 12th-place muck in the final 23 games starting Friday against Miami. The Post has reported sources claiming Randle’s leadership hasn’t been up to snuff considering he was their returning All-Star. “It’s just what we believe in the locker room,’’ Randle said when asked if the club was ready to make a run. “Committed to the right habits every day. Knowing we have to do it as a team to win games and finish games.’’ Center Nerlens Noel is listed as questionable for Friday’s game with knee soreness. The veteran center has played in just 25 of 59 games after signing a three-year, $32 million contract in August. The Heat pummeled the Knicks in their first meeting Jan. 26 in Miami, 110-96 — a final score much closer than the game. The Heat stand atop the Eastern Conference, tied with Chicago at 38-21. And their Big 4 of Jimmy Butler, Kyle Lowry, Bam Adebayo and Tyler Herro have played just 18 games together. “Their record says how good they are,’’ Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau said. “Very balanced team and strong on both sides of the ball and can break you down. And you can’t overlook what P.J. Tucker has done as well.’’