The word “inspiring” does not come to mind as a way of describing President Biden’s afternoon speech following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. “Dispiriting” comes closer. The best Biden could do rhetorically was to declare that “America stands up to bullies” — as though the most dangerous moment in the past 20 years on the planet Earth were some kind of remake of the old movie “My Bodyguard.” Come on, man. Putin isn’t a bully. He’s either a lunatic pursuing a nation-murdering delusion or a man possessed of a world-historical ambition to make himself an equal in Russian history to the Greats, Peter and Catherine, and Lenin and Stalin. Meanwhile, Biden thinks the country he leads is Adam Baldwin protecting poor Chris Makepeace against goonish Matt Dillon. Does this seem unfair? The “bullies” line is the only thing anyone is going to remember from Biden’s remarks. The portrait he painted of the era Putin’s aggression is creating featured a curiously passive vision of the United States and its role in the future. In Biden’s telling, it won’t be the U.S. or NATO that will reverse this world-changing infamy. No, somehow it will happen because of . . . history. “When the history of this era is written Putin’s choice to make a totally unjustifiable war on Ukraine will have left Russia weaker and the rest of the world stronger,” he said. “Liberty, democracy, human dignity. These are the forces far more powerful than fear and oppression.” That is ludicrous and sentimental hogwash, as it suggests somehow that the anti-Putin cause will prevail because he’s against good things and will be punished for it. It is true that liberty cannot be extinguished because it is God-given, but the institutions that make it possible to exercise liberty certainly can. Putin should know — he has already destroyed them in his own country and is now moving to destroy them in another. Liberty in the abstract is not going to save Ukraine. Neither is democracy, nor human dignity. And Biden’s pride in the unity of NATO in opposition to Putin’s conduct even led him to suggest that the events in Ukraine will be good for the alliance: “The United States and our allies and partners will emerge from this stronger, more united, more determined and more purposeful.” That will only be true if we win, or if the actions we take cause Putin to lose. But Biden does not speak of winning or losing. He only speaks of unity, as if unity is victory. But the “history” he’s relying on here is contingent, as history always is — its course changes every second as humans react to events. History will record that things changed for the better, or turned on Putin, solely because actions were taken to make it so. It matters that Biden and his people defaulted to this kind of rhetoric because of what he did not say: He did not say that Putin will be defeated. He did not say the West will win. He said we will stand together and then history will work its wondrous magic. Rhetoric matters. The words the president chose are important because they take the place of the words he didn’t choose. The sanctions he and the West are imposing, and the military measures they are taking to shore up NATO, are vitally important. But making Russia suffer while working to ensure Putin does not attack NATO’s eastern flank are not goals to rally around. They do nothing to inspire. Biden himself inadvertently acknowledged this in the question-and-answer session that followed the speech when he was asked whether the sanctions were tough enough: “Let’s have a conversation in another month or so to see if they’re working.” This is not what the president of the United States should be saying about the first effort to seize territory in Europe in 80 years. It’s what your podiatrist says about the goop he gives you to cure your foot fungus.