When it comes to your little one, protecting them, undoubtedly, comes first. Since face masks have become a wardrobe essential, it’s important to pick up one with a proper fit that won’t irritate them but also keeps them safe. Don’t be fooled by the cute patterns, either; not all masks are equal. Though the Omicron variant is, pleasantly, on the downward train compared to December’s numbers — not to mention the talk about lifting the mask mandate in schools or making it optional — wearing a face mask continues to offer needed protection. Parents should take note of how a mask fits their child, paying special attention to any gaps near the nose, under the chin or around the cheeks. Thankfully, many retailers and kid’s clothing companies have cracked the code when it comes to making smaller — but still just-as-safe — masks for mini faces. Whether you prefer a medical-grade mask designed for small children, fun disposable options or reusable cloth coverings you can toss in the wash, we rounded up the 16 best face masks for kids, that you can actually find. Not to mention, if you’re on the hunt for adult face masks, check out the best KF94 masks and N95 and KN95 masks we rounded up, too. Perfect for the little ones or even those with smaller faces, these mini KN95 masks won’t slip off or grow uncomfortable throughout the day. WellBefore’s masks come individually wrapped for ultimate sanitation, are easy to pack in a school bag and are great to store in your car, so you always have one on hand. Armbrust’s Pediatric Medical Masks are constructed using N95-level filtration, made from raw virgin polypropylene to block 99.2% of bacteria and particles down to 0.1 microns. They also feature proprietary Electrostatic Armor Meltblown filtration within the inner layer for the utmost protection available and come in packs of 50, 200 and even 2,000. The Caraa masks are not only one of the most match-all ones we’ve seen but they’re also washable, so you can certainly wear them more than once, even after a cold day in the snow. Not to mention, $25 is all you have to pay for five quality, reusable masks. They’ll be giving you nothing but puppy-dog eyes while wearing this mask from Luminora. The athletic and UV-protection company now makes masks for your mini ones, with a wide variety of fun colors and patterns. Although some dread the blue hospital-style disposable masks that are ever-present these days, at least you know there won’t be any issues matching your child’s mask to their outfit. Everyone’s favorite crayon brand is getting into the mask game: These art-inspired face coverings from Crayola have more than 28,000 reviews on Amazon.com and come five to a pack — perfect for every day of the school week. Each mask comes with a convenient name tag, so you’ll never find the wrong one in your kid’s backpack. Looking for a face mask that’s out of this world? All jokes aside, these highly-reviewed galactic-themed masks are perfect for any season and come in unique pastel colors. How adorable is this dinosaur-printed face mask? Your child will be protected and sporting a fun print all the while. Plus, Brookwood Medical also has a 30-pack available for $40 should you want more in your arsenal. If your child isn’t the biggest dinosaur fan, there are endless options to choose from, including Hello Kitty, a mystical unicorn print, Spider-Man and lots more. For a pop of fun color to somewhat drab masks, this 50-pack bundle from WeCare features rainbow and horse designs, among others that are sure to make any child beam ear to ear — literally. This 50-pack boasts a super-soft inner layer and leakproof outer layer, too, to ensure it’s both comfortable and effective to wear, especially for long school days. As an Amazon No. 1 bestseller, you can’t go wrong with this rainbow selection that are also very comfortable to wear. With an elastic ear-loop and dust-free production (to especially ensure they’re clean and hygienic), this Crayola-minded assortment is one of the best value options we’ve seen, too. If you’re on the hunt for quality reusable masks that take the hassle out of running out of facial coverings, Walmart — literally — has you covered. This unisex option is geared for ages 2 to 4, though Stride Rite also sells a bundle for ages 5 to 9. What’s more, the included laundry bag is a nice touch; simply place the used mask inside, throw it in the wash and offer it to your kids to reuse again and again. You can’t put a price on protection, though $10 isn’t a bad number to start at. This reusable three-pack bundle adds some tie-dye, solid-colored and cheetah cheer for your little one to enjoy the school day with. Plus, the lightweight jersey fabric makes it especially great and comfy for sports. We must admit, this blue four-pack made the cut not only for its protection but also because of how seamless each covering would match with a pair of jeans. The navy color hues and three-layer, 100% cotton design have elastic earloops and a wonderful on-sale price that’s worth adding to your online shopping cart. As another Amazon’s Choice product, this fun and vibrant 100-pack will last for at least three months of schooling. Not to mention, there’s one for every day of the academic week. The two-layer, nonwoven fabric is especially comfortable with a pressure-reducing fit and material on the earloops, too. For $15, it’s a great value buy. Hosting a great deal on kids’ face masks right now, Walmart’s 50-pack of disposable face masks is crafted with quality, environmentally friendly material and comes in different color ways for your child to choose from. Uniquely, the solid print and protective design make it even more stylish than the traditional blue, medical-minded ones. For the kid who wants to sport a feminine and chic facial covering, this three-pack from Harper & Elliott will do the trick. Not only are they each protective but its 100% cotton makeup and breathable structure make the trio a steal for just $10. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.