For four years, all roads — and the path to Canadian revenge — led to a USA-Canada rematch in the gold medal game at the 2022 Olympics. In the sixth championship edition of the storied rivalry, Canada found that redemption. Looking to reclaim their gold medal, Canada tore through Olympic competition. Pitted against each other in the final — as was inevitable —Canada dominated the United States, 3-2, a score that did not do the game justice. “It was one hell of an effort. This is redemption,” Canadian captain Marie-Philip Poulin said. The U.S. couldn’t contain Poulin, whose two goals and assist powered an early Canadian flurry. Just 35 seconds after a disallowed Canadian goal — which served as a sign of what was to come — Sarah Nurse punished a stunned U.S. team off a designed face-off play. As Poulin won the faceoff and fed Claire Thompson, Nurse leaked out and only had to tap in a perfect feed from Thompson past a helpless Alex Cavallini. Canada — who arrived to the gold medal game a perfect 6-0, including a 4-2 preliminary win over the U.S and on the heels of a 10-3 semifinal win over Switzerland — pounced and suffocated the U.S. throughout the first period, refusing to allow the reigning Olympic champions to get any foothold. At 15:02, Poulin ate up a costly Megan Keller giveaway behind the American net and doubled the Canadian lead with a wrist shot from the left point. Forced to press the issue on offense, Canada found the U.S. exposed. With numbers on the break, Nurse pulled back a pass for Brianne Jenner, and Poulin subsequently cleaned up Jenner’s rebound from a tight angle to give Canada a 3-0 lead. “Coming off 2018 and having that silver medal, it felt like the weight of the world was on our shoulders,” Nurse said. “Having this gold, it’s going to feel as light as ever.” Hilary Knight’s shorthanded second period goal cut the deficit to 3-1, but the U.S. never managed to establish themselves as any type of threat to defend their place atop the sport. Amanda Kessell added the second American goal with 13 seconds left to play. The cross-border rivals have met in the gold medal game five of the six times it has been featured at the Olympics, with the Americans finally claiming their first win in the matchup four years ago. Despite the history and stakes, the U.S., which sported a veteran lineup, strangely came out flat.  “Just play with more spark,” Hilary Knight told NBC after the second period. “It’s really simple, it’s hockey, it’s why we all signed up, go out there and play as fast as you can, compete, make plays, and at the end of the day it’ll be what it’ll be what it’ll be.” On a night they desperately needed it, that spark never arrived. Knight, whose 22nd Olympic career game for Team USA set an American record, admitted the U.S. failed to play to its potential against Canada. But, she added that her teammates were “willing to go through a wall for each other.” “At the end of the day, I’m proud of our effort,” Knight said. After the U.S. broke their streak of four-straight gold medals, the Canadians now take home what the Americans managed to wrestle away from them in Pyeongchang. If history is any sort of indicator, however, this certainly won’t be the last time these two sides see each other. But this time, it is Team USA’s turn to wait for their chance at redemption.