Open your windows and start the closet clean-outs — Spring 2022 will be here before you know it and we want you to be prepared. Specifically, Carhartt want’s you to be ready to hit the great outdoors again after a chilly winter, with brand new styles and colors of their beloved tees, shorts, sweatshirts and more. New Yorkers may love black and gray year round, but no one will be able to resist some of the bright and happy colors that Carhartt has in store for this upcoming season. Plus, take a look below to spot some shamrocks in time for St. Patrick’s Day, coming up ever so soon on March 17. You’ll be extra lucky to get a tee or sweatshirt, as they are sure to sell out fast ahead of the holiday. Get the classic Carhartt beanie but with a new collegiate twist for spring. This hat comes in a light gray color and has not one, but two patches, including a brown circle logo on one side and the iconic square logo with the Carhartt wave on the other. Pinch us. This lucky Carhartt sweatshirt is a great item to wear all spring long, but especially for St. Patrick’s Day. The hoodie has the signature Carhartt logo and wave on the front, intertwined with a green shamrock for good luck. If you want to attend Carhartt University, this is the sweatshirt for you. Taking after a collegiate style, this loose-fitting crewneck is the perfect weight for early spring, as the morning chill fades into the afternoon warmth. It’s finally long-sleeve shirt season again, and we couldn’t be happier. This tee comes in super bright and pretty shades like the above minty green, perfect to add some pep to your wardrobe and style for spring. While we love spring, it can still have a leftover winter chill in the air that only a cozy hoodie can conquer. This pick from Carhartt combines a midweight level of warmth with bright pops of spring color for the ultimate Spring 2022 look. Relax, knowing spring is here and you are more than ready. This women’s sweatshirt has a hood and drawstrings for when the winter winds blow through in early spring, but the midweight material is breathable for the warmer weather to come. Don’t blend in this spring. Rock this elevated version of a camo tee, now made into a sleek button down shirt, complete with a collar and the Carhartt logo on one of the breast pockets. There’s nothing better than a cute T-shirt in the spring, especially when it comes in bright spring colors. This tee also features the iconic Carhartt logo on the pocket, completing the look. If the tiny logo isn’t enough to show off your Carhartt love, this may be an even better shirt for you. The tee is a heavyweight material, compensating for the lack of sleeves, and features a cursive Carhartt logo across the entire chest. It’s almost time to roll up your pant-legs and kick off shorts season. Get ready with Carhartt and their 5-Pocket Work Short, now in a silvery gray color for spring. Don’t force yourself to wear uncomfortable shoes this spring. Take a step with these FORCE sneakers, which are perfect for working outdoors as well with their leather reinforced heel, sweat-wicking technology and cement-constructed rubber outsole for durability. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.