From the right: Team Hillary’s Criminal Hacking Special counsel John Durham just confirmed that Hillary Clinton’s associates illegally spied on Donald Trump to delegitimize his victory and presidency, fumes the Washington Examiner’s Kaylee McGhee White. Her “campaign deliberately funded” lawyer Michael Sussman and others “to monitor Trump and his allies, even after he took office.” Durham’s court filing “proves the campaign to undermine Trump went far beyond what many suspected”: It didn’t “just spy on Trump’s campaign” but on the White House, hacking into the “government’s confidential servers” and using pilfered info to “manufacture” the Russia-collusion narrative — which our intelligence community then “ran with.” Years later, few of the people responsible “have faced any consequences.” Hopefully, “that changes soon.” From the left: How Dems Can Win Facing what liberals see as “the Republican threat to America’s constitutional experiment,” Stanley B. Greenberg asks at The American Prospect, “What is our plan to save it?” He says: “Focus on working-class voters — white, Black, Hispanic, Asian.” Decades ago, he labeled “defecting, unionized, ethnic Catholic suburban voters” as “Reagan Democrats” because they “felt betrayed” by their traditional party. He sees “the same pattern today” as Dems are “also losing support from working-class Blacks and Hispanics.” Simply put, in the Obama years “Democratic leaders stopped seeing the working class and feeling its despair and anger.” Yet “if Republicans continue winning working-class votes at the rate they did in Virginia [last November], Democrats have little chance.” Libertarian: Canada’s Truckers Inspire the Globe “Canada’s Freedom Convoy embodies fatigue with pandemic authoritarianism,” cheers Reason’s J.D. Tuccille. “COVID-19 policies eroded liberty and many people want it back.” Indeed, the “shock waves of this unprecedented uprising” crossed the US-Canadian border and “flipped the positions Americans of the left and right take on the legitimacy of political protest and suppression of the same. More importantly, the movement cautions the political class everywhere against pushing people too far,” as the Canadian truckers have inspired protests as far afield as Europe and New Zealand. People “in country after country” want “the return of liberal norms and respect for their personal choices. Now, improbably, those protests may be coming together under a maple leaf and a #HonkHonk hashtag.” Conservative: After a No-Mask Super Bowl . . . “The Super Bowl was our unofficial return to normality,” cheers National Review’s Michael Brendan Dougherty: “SoFi stadium gathered over 70,000 fans for the big game,” and they went “almost entirely maskless.” The idea that football “could ‘end’ a pandemic may seem absurd” but “cultures never make sense as pure calculations” — and culture decides “whether we are in a state of emergency or not.” The “70,000 people maskless in California” will “further enflame and enrage anti-maskers” and “add more weight to arguments that children in New York or Illinois are already at less risk . . . than any of the 70,000 adults at the Super Bowl” despite being “singled out” for “indoor mask and distancing mandates”: These “absurdities . . . will not stand more than a few weeks.” Republican: Black Voters Are Fleeing Biden “Black voters are fleeing President Biden in droves. And it’s hard to see a scenario under which they come back anytime soon,” argues The Hill’s Joe Concha. Notably, less than “7-in-10 Black voters (69 percent) support the 46th president” now, though “more than 9-in-10 Black voters (92 percent) voted for him in 2020” — an “almost 25-point drop in a relatively short period of time.” Inflation is a big reason, plus the 6.9% black unemployment rate — “double the white” one. And crime “continues to hit urban areas the hardest, with 16 cities setting homicide records in 2021.” It all adds up to blacks “increasingly feeling buyer’s remorse on Biden.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board