Patrick Mahomes and his fiancée Brittany Matthews have been a power couple for over a decade. The Chiefs quarterback and certified fitness trainer were high school sweethearts and met while attending Whitehouse High School in Texas. According to Yahoo Sports, they started dating when Mahomes was in 10th grade. Matthews documented the couple’s younger days in past posts on Instagram, dating back to 2011, when she was a high school cheerleader and Mahomes was a baseball pitcher. These posts include the couple supporting one another at various sports games, including Matthews’ soccer games. They also attended high school dances and other events, such as prom, together. Matthews graduated high school in 2013, and went on to play soccer at the nearby University of Texas at Tyler. Mahomes graduated a year later and committed to Texas Tech University (about 450 miles away) to play football and baseball. “He ended up going to Texas Tech, and that’s when it really hit me, ‘Oh sh-t, he might go play professional football,” Matthews told Today in Dec. 2020 — the same month she announced she became co-owner of the Kansas City Current, a NWSL team. “It was surreal to see him living his dream and seeing him grow as an athlete and as a man in general was just amazing.” By the time Mahomes was drafted in 2017, with the tenth overall pick by the Chiefs, he and Matthews were already pros at making long distance work. During the course of their relationship, Matthews had a stint playing soccer overseas. Their relationship only thrived in the spotlight as Mahomes was on the rise to becoming a household name. Matthews was by his side when he led the Chiefs to a Super Bowl win over the 49ers in Feb. 2020 and was named MVP of the big game. Fast forward seven months later — and Mahomes got down on one knee in September, in a surprise proposal at Arrowhead Stadium. The proposal took place in a private, rose-pedal-covered suite, the same day Mahomes and the Chiefs received their Super Bowl LIV rings. “On a day that was meant to celebrate you, you turned it into celebrating us,” Matthews wrote on Instagram at the time. “It’s always us, it’s always you and me. The words you looked into my eyes and said to me at this moment, will NEVER leave my mind! You made this day perfect, you took my entire breath away and I could not have imagined anything better. I love you, forever and always! Cheers to spending our lifetime together and an inseparable bond.” The couple announced Matthews’ pregnancy in a post on Instagram a few weeks after getting engaged. “Mom and Dad, taking a small detour to the wedding,” Matthews captioned a photo holding an ultrasound photo with Mahomes. The fitness trainer celebrated her baby shower in Dec. 2020. Mahomes and Matthews announced the birth of their daughter, Sterling Skye Mahomes, on Feb. 20, 2021 in a post on Instagram. Matthews later celebrated her bridal shower in Dec. 2021, where fellow Chiefs WAGs were in attendance — including, Kayla Nicole, the girlfriend of Travis Kelce and Tyrann Mathieu’s fiancee, Sydni Russell. Matthews has supported Mahomes and the Chiefs throughout the years. She was by his side after a 31-9 loss at Super Bowl LV in 2021, to the Buccaneers — and more recently, the Chiefs’ loss to the Bengals in the AFC Championship game on Jan. 30. After the couple attended the 2022 Pro Bowl in February, Mahomes and Matthews jetted off to separate locations for their bachelor and bachelorette parties. Mahomes and his teammates Travis Kelce, Jerick McKinnon, Clyde Edwards-Helaire and Orlando Brown, along with 11 others, are partying in Las Vegas this weekend. Matthews and her girl squad — including Chiefs WAGs Nicole and Russell — traveled to an unknown location for her bachelorette party. Mahomes and Matthews are set to marry sometime in 2022.