A rocket expected to crash into the far side of the moon next month was incorrectly linked to a 2015 mission by Elon Musk’s SpaceX and is actually Chinese in origin, officials confirmed this week. Astronomy experts initially believed the object, referred to as WE0913A, that will impact the moon on March 4 was the second stage of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket used to launch the US Deep Space Climate Observatory, or DSCOVR, in 2015. The prediction was originally attributed to independent researcher Bill Gray. But Gray, who develops “Project Pluto” software used to track asteroids and comets, amended his prediction after receiving new information from engineer Jon Giorgini at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Gray and other expects now believe the object on a collision course with the moon is a rocket from a lunar mission conducted by China’s space agency in late 2014. “Essentially, I had pretty good circumstantial evidence for the identification, but nothing conclusive,” Gray said in a blog post detailing the situation. “That was not at all unusual. Identifications of high-flying space junk often require a bit of detective work, and sometimes, we never do figure out the ID for a bit of space junk.” “In hindsight, I should have noticed some odd things about WE0913A’s orbit,” he added. NASA later confirmed the updated identified in a statement obtained by CNN. “Analysis led by NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory’s Center for Near-Earth Object Studies indicates the object expected to impact the far side of the moon March 4 is likely the Chinese Chang’e 5-T1 booster launched in 2014,” the NASA statement said. “It is not a SpaceX Falcon 9 second stage from a mission in 2015 as previously reported. This update results from analysis of the object’s orbits in the 2016 — 2017 timeframe,” the statement added. The object’s impact with the moon is expected to create a new crater of up to 20 meters in size. Experts still aren’t sure what happened to the second stage of the SpaceX rocket. The updated guidance about the moon impact surfaced as SpaceX and other operators face heightened concerns about orbital traffic. Last week, NASA, which works closely with SpaceX, nonetheless raised concerns about the plan by Musk’s firm to launch thousands of satellites to facilitate its “Starlink” internet service could pose a risk to the International Space Station as well as the agency’s efforts to track asteroids. In a letter to Federal Communications Commission, NASA officials warned “such a significant increase in total object volume” would hamper its ability to direct space traffic and cause “possible impacts to NASA’s science and human spaceflight missions.” SpaceX has also clashed with officials in Beijing. In December, China said it filed a formal complaint with the United Nations, alleging astronauts on its space station were forced to take evasive maneuvers during a close call with SpaceX satellites.