New customers can claim up to $2,000 in risk free bets when they sign up to PointsBet using the code NYPBONUS in time for an NHL schedule which sees the Islanders take on Seattle Kraken.    By using the PointsBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get up to $2,000 in risk free bets. These come in the form of two different bets, with one risk free $500 fixed-odds bet, the regular way of betting. The other is a risk-free bet up to $1,500 on PointsBetting bets. For those unfamiliar to PointsBetting, it’s a brand-new way to bet that was first introduced by PointsBet themselves.  If your first fixed odds bet wins, you will win the payout from whatever bet you place. Should this wager lose, you will get your stake back in free bets, with the maximum stake for this offer being $500.  Should your first Points Betting wager with PointsBet also losing, 100% of your stake will also be rewarded back to you in the form of free bets, with $1,500 being the maximum stake for this offer. Any winning bets that these free bets are used for will be paid out in full, however the free bet itself will not be included as a part of your winnings.  The New York Islanders travel to Washington state tonight to face the Seattle Kraken. The Islanders have dropped four of their last five games, with the most recent being a 3-2 shootout loss to Montreal. New York will have revenge on its mind, with the previous fixture resulting in a 3-0 home loss just three weeks ago. The Kraken jumped out to a 2-1 lead after 20 minutes in Vancouver Monday, but they allowed 4 unanswered goals to suffer a 5-2 loss. Seattle heads into this one 1-4 in its last five games, and remains at the bottom of the Pacific division.   Every bettor loves a parlay, and PointsBet has a great daily promotion to boost your parlay payouts. Each customer will receive one boost on traditional parlays and one boost on Single Game Parlays every day. All you have to do is create a 3+ leg parlay or Single Game Parlay, and hit the lightning icon to boost your parlay. A great promotion ahead of an exciting week of sport.  21+. T&Cs apply. Get a $100 free bet for you and your friend when you refer friends to PointsBet. Simply share your unique link, found in the My Account Page, and your friend has placed their first cash bet of $20 or more, you will both receive $100 in free bets.