Prince Andrew was pressured by the royal family to settle with Virginia Roberts Giuffre, in part, so that any negative spotlight from a trial wouldn’t distract from what is set to be a historic year for the Queen, multiple sources told The Post. Palace officials have spent the past year finalizing plans for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark 70 years on the throne, including a star-studded concert at Buckingham Palace in July. But Giuffre’s lawsuit cast a dark shadow upon the plans, and it’s believed that Prince Charles, members of the family and courtiers made it known that Andrew should settle with the woman he once claimed to have “no recollection” of ever meeting. “The legal proceedings would have been an unwelcome distraction when all eyes should really be on the Queen,” Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, told The Post. “If this settlement is finalized then that will no longer be the case.” Andrew’s settlement with Giuffre is confidential but a source put that number at $12 million, confirming that it was “north of $10 million”. The Duke of York also agreed to make a “substantial donation” to Giuffre’s charity. The Post is told that both Guiffre and Andrew have agreed not to disclose the settlement total as part of the deal, although that does not mean that it will never come out via other means. As previously reported, The Queen is believed to have partly funded Andrew’s defense. Other royal sources said it was Charles and his oldest son, Prince William, who were instrumental in recommending that Andrew be stripped of his “His Royal Highness” title and patronages last month after Giuffre’s case was given the OK to head to trial in Manhattan. Both Charles and William have refused to answer questions about their disgraced relative while out in public in recent weeks. Buckingham Palace has also refused to make any statement on the case, although a source told The Post that a settlement has always been the “favored” outcome. At the start of her big year, the Queen made the historical announcement that Charles’ wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, should be given the title of Queen Consort when Charles ascends the throne. There will also be a memorial for her beloved husband Prince Philip on March 29 at Westminster Cathedral in London, which Andrew is believed to be attending, and William turns 40 in June. Royal sources said that no one wanted Andrew’s court case to take away from any other family matters. “The whole thing is just embarrassing and distasteful,” said one palace insider.