Fancy yourself an amateur chef over the last couple years? Since we haven’t been in the office much and have had to resort to whipping up meals in our own kitchen lately, many of us have picked up cooking as a fun hobby. If you’re looking to take your chef skills up a notch, it’s imperative to make sure you have the right tools. Though expensive knives and fancy gadgets can certainly help you create culinary masterpieces, it’s often the most basic kitchen staples that need upgrading to make your meals feel more professional — like your cookware! If you’re still working with hand-me-downs from your parents, it might be time to invest in a set that can set you up for success. The Kitchara Premium 5-Ply Fully Clad Stainless Steel 10-Piece Cookware Set gives you everything you’ll need, and right now it’s on sale for $100 off for $399.99. The Kitchara Premium 5-Ply Fully Clad Stainless Steel 10-Piece Cookware Set is made to make sure you’re serving your loved ones professional-quality meals. Truly wow them with help from this cookware set made from superior stainless steel that lets you simmer, sear, sauté, and stir fry like the stars on the Food Network. This 5-ply stainless steel is constructed from alternating layers of 18/10 stainless steel and aluminum, which, combined, are durable and long-lasting and better at conducting and retaining heat while you’re cooking things up. This layering process is called cladding, which ensures that these two materials combine to serve you best. They won’t warp over time and you won’t have to deal with annoying hot spots as you whip up your masterpiece meal. Naturally non-toxic and non-reactive, this cookware lets you get to work worry-free, as you’ll know you’re cooking on healthy products. And they’re oven safe (up to 500℉) and versatile, so you can use them on gas, electric and induction cooktops. Hand washing them is recommended for longevity. Save $100 on the Kitchara Premium 5-Ply Fully Clad Stainless Steel 10-Piece Cookware Set today and bring it to your kitchen for $399.99. Prices subject to change. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.