A woman barred from boarding a flight to the Big Apple because she appeared drunk led police on a wild chase on her motorized suitcase — before allegedly spitting at a cop and defecating in a patrol car, according to a report. Chelsea Alston, 32, is seen on the bizarre pursuit in newly released bodycam video at Orlando International Airport, where she planned to board a Southwest Airlines flight in April 2021, WKMG reported. But a gate agent told her she appeared too intoxicated and refused to allow her to take the flight, according to the outlet, which cited court records. “I don’t want no beef. I’m just trying to go home and enjoy myself,” Alston reportedly said, claiming she had consumed just two drinks. Police officer Andrew Mamone responded and told her she was banned because of her glassy eyes, inability to stand straight and the odor of booze emanating from her. “It’s OK. You just need to go over to the terminal and sober up a little bit. Get another flight,” he tells Alston, who proceeds to wave her middle finger at him and unleash a stream of profanities. “F— you! Suck my d—!” she shouts before taking off on her motorized luggage. “We’re going to have a bike pursuing a suitcase in a minute,” the officer says as he chases the getaway suitcase on his bicycle. “Oh man, that thing kind of goes fast,” Mamone is heard saying during the chase — as some bystanders can be heard giggling. The officer finally catches Alston and orders her to leave the secure area. “Follow me, and we’ll roll out together,” Mamone tells the woman, who then appears to spit at him before he and another officer place her in handcuffs. But Alston would not go quietly, the video shows, and apparently spits at him again — reportedly hitting him in the eye. “Stop spitting,” he tells her.“I only spit one time,” Alston replies before she was dragged to a patrol car, in which she allegedly defecated and left about $1,200 in damage, WKMG reported, citing an arrest report. Alston was reportedly charged with battery of a police officer and released from the Orange County jail on a $13,500 bond. Her attorney declined to comment about the case to the news outlet.