What do you get when you combine the best basic top and the comfort and style of spring and summer dresses? The T-shirt dress, of course. Not only are these easy and breezy styles to wear, but they are becoming more and more trendy as the cold of winter fades into the sunshine and warmer days ahead. We realize this may be niche, but we found that this style actually yields a whole lot of choices, from short to maxi, plain to patterned and options for petite, tall, extended sizing and more to fit every body and every budget. Read on for our top picks for this comfy style that you can dress up for a special occasion or down for the beach, preparing your closet for Spring and Summer 2022. Silk you can wash? Count us in. This T-shirt dress from Quince is unbelievably soft and made of washable silk so you can wear it every day without having to worry about your dry cleaning bill. The dress also comes in blue and black and in sizes ranging from an XS to XL. Amazon is a one-stop-shop when it comes to easy and breezy dresses. This one is part of Amazon Essentials line of basics, as you can wear this little black T-shirt dress anywhere. It also comes in an array of other colors and ranges in size from an XS to an XXL. You’ll want this dress to be yours after reading our article. This T-shirt dress from lululemon is a great way to transition from spring to summer with the fun green tones or choose the black for all-year wear with tights and a coat. The dress ranges in size from a 0 to a 20, while supplies last. Your next daily ritual will be deciding how to style this super versatile dress. Sold on Amazon, the Daily Ritual brand is great for basics, like this T-shirt dress, that comes in an array of colors and ranges in size from an XS to an XXL. For a durable dress that is still just as soft as your favorites from J. Crew, try this one next. It is made of their new eco cupro fabric that holds up better in the wash, meaning you can wear this dress over and over. It comes a great range of sizes too, from an XXS to a 3XL. Don’t drop the ball when it comes to buying this dress. The Drop is Amazon’s hub for all things trendy, and of course has a maxi-version of the classic T-shirt dress. This one comes in either olive green or black and comes in a range of sizes from an XXS to a 3XL. Does this dress make your heart flutter? Sold at the Loft, the cut comes in right above the knee for a classy midi-length with a flattering slit up the side. It also comes in a petite size as well as standard, ranging from a 00 to an 18. Head to the cafe or the club in this versatile striped dress. This T-shirt dress is sold at Lulu’s and comes in a few different color combinations with horizontal stripes on each for the café look. The dress currently comes in sizes between an XXS and a 3X in select colors while supplies last. Who said a sweater dress couldn’t also be a T-shirt dress? Combine both trends at Lane Bryant with this pick, perfect for a splash of color. The dress comes in extended sizing, ranging from a 10/12 to a 26/28. Every good American must have a good dress, right? We think so, which is why this sexy and fun scuba-material T-shirt dress made the list. Sold at Good American, the dress comes in inclusive sizing from a zero to an eight, with the size-guide on the site to help. Go west, or really anywhere in this dress. Sold at Express, the UpWest brand dress really is as perfect as the title, with a cute pocket on the front and soft flowing cotton fabric. It comes in either maroon or dark gray and ranges in size from an XL to an XL. Take a T-shirt silhouette and turn it up a notch. This is what Reformation did with the Gavin Dress, adding a super high slit and a fun pattern to the flowy shape of a tee. It comes in a few different patterns and colors, each ranging from a zero to a 12 while supplies last. We love this dress from Venus, which makes sense as the goddess of love. The Knotted Casual Dress is a great way to be chill all spring and summer long, wearing this blue patterned version or the gray, black or orange shade, each ranging from an XS to a 3XL. We treasure the time spent in the warm weather, wearing a flowing dress as long as the season allows. This dress from Nordstrom is perfect for just that, coming in a sunshine yellow color or black, each with a high slit on either side to add some shape. The dresses range in size from an XXS to an XXL while supplies last. Add some tassels and fringe to your look with this cute pick from Romwe. The dress is sold on Amazon in a variety of fun colors and patterns, each adorned with tassels at the hem. They range in size as well, from an XS to a 3XL in select colors. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.