I was at the Super Bowl in Los Angeles when the giant jumbotron screens beamed onto a male spectator clad in a gray hoodie with a black mask covering his entire face. He stood out because a) he looked bloody ridiculous, b) it was boiling hot and c) almost nobody else in the entire star-studded SoFi Stadium was wearing a mask of any kind, making a mockery of LA County’s absurd continued insistence on kids having to do so at school. Even by Hollywood standards, this was outrageously embarrassing attention-seeking made worse by the fact that two of his young children were next to him. Of course, we all knew who it was. Only Kanye West — or “Ye” as he calls himself — would willingly make such an idiotic spectacle of himself at America’s biggest annual televised event. But it’s what happened next that really struck me. The crowd, which had been raucously cheering every famous face that appeared on screen, suddenly began booing and jeering. I’m proud to admit I was one of them, because if anyone deserves such an outpouring of public disapproval right now, it’s surely this narcissistic, jumped-up buffoon. There used to be a time when Kanye’s weird and provocative antics were funny. I remember laughing out loud when he charged the stage at the 2009 VMAs to express his fury that Taylor Swift had won the Best Female Video award, and not his friend Beyoncé — earning himself the moniker of “Jackass” from then-President Barack Obama. It was amusing because he was right: Beyoncé should have won it that year. Sadly, in recent years, Kanye’s become a sneering, snarling, shambolic shock-jock and none of it makes me laugh. When he tweeted “BILL COSBY IS INNOCENT!!!!,” I felt repulsed at his tone-deaf defense of a serial rapist. Just as I was disgusted when he announced that slavery was “a choice,” suggesting those poor oppressed souls who were so brutally abused and persecuted could have done something about it if only they’d been as strong as he. But it’s when it comes to his personal relationships, and the way he constantly drags innocent children into his feuds, that Kanye’s revealed to the world what a nasty piece of work he really is beneath the “mad lovable genius” persona. We saw it several years ago when he shamefully taunted Wiz Khalifa that the rapper’s 2-year-old son, Sebastian, only existed because he’d split from the mother, Amber Rose. “You wouldn’t have a child if it wasn’t for me,” mocked Kanye. “I own your child!!” Then we saw it again during his absurd presidential run in 2020, the one where his ego assured him the adoring public would stampede polling stations to install him in the White House, but where reality came in the form of a paltry 70,296 votes — and when he revealed he and his wife, Kim Kardashian, had spent months deliberating whether to abort their firstborn child, North. (Just imagine how she’ll feel when she reads that.) Now, since their bitterly acrimonious breakup and vicious ongoing divorce battle, we’re seeing the full range of Kanye’s horribly selfish and, frankly, vile character — and it stinks so pungently that a Super Bowl booing should be the least of his punishments. In the past few weeks alone, he’s accused Kim of “kidnapping” another of their daughters, Chicago, and attacked her for putting North on TikTok “against my will,” as if somehow that’s more damaging than him saying he considered having her aborted. Yesterday, he launched a furious Instagram onslaught against Kim’s new boyfriend, comedian Pete Davidson, branding him a “d–khead,” accusing him of having an affair with Hillary Clinton (fact check: he didn’t), and repeating cruel, unsubstantiated slurs that Davidson sent intimate photos to Ariana Grande to end her romance with Mac Miller before he tragically died from a drug overdose. Kanye even posted a private text message that Davidson sent him that read: “…as a man I’d never get in the way of your children. That’s a promise. How you guys go about raising your kids is your business and not mine. I do hope [some] day I can meet them and we can all be friends.” A polite entreaty to which Kanye responded by gracelessly spitting back, “No you will never meet my children,” and calling Davidson “garbage” and “trash.” All of this is a perfect template for how not to behave when you’re getting divorced. Rule One is that protecting the kids comes first, but Kanye West doesn’t care about rules, he only cares about Kanye West, and if that means using his children as battering rams against their mother or abusing her new man when he tries to make peace for their benefit, then so be it. The Super Bowl crowd, including me, booed him yesterday because we all now see right through his exhaustingly pathetic behavior and sickening hypocrisy. Kanye West’s undeniably a brilliant musician. But when it comes to being a good father, a good husband, or just a good human being, he’s exposed himself as the very thing he branded Pete Davidson: a d–khead.