The Islanders are going to do everything they can to squeeze some kind of success out of this season. But there are only so many must-win games a team can lose before reality becomes undeniable. “If this keeps happening,” Anders Lee said following the Islanders’ 6-3 loss Tuesday night at Buffalo, “we’re gonna be on the wrong side.” The Islanders have lost four of their past five, with losses against the lowly Kraken and Sabres bookending the stretch, so the “if” part of Lee’s proposition likely is no longer necessary. The Islanders needed to beat the Kraken before the All-Star break; they lost 3-0 and coach Barry Trotz ripped the team’s effort. They needed to go to Western Canada last week and take points; they lost two of three games. Ahead of the game Tuesday in Buffalo, Matt Martin said: “We need to win this one.” The Islanders proceeded to give up a shorthanded goal, another goal with 0.6 seconds left in the second period, then the game-winner. They lost, again. Now, their focus can turn to March 21 and the trade deadline. It’s a strange position to be in. Before the season, it was anticipated the Islanders would be buyers at the trade deadline. Coming off a second straight NHL semifinal appearance, they built their roster to contend for a Stanley Cup. Barring a complete teardown, which would be both unforeseen and bizarre given the amount of money and years the Islanders have committed to their core players, there’s only so much they can do that will help them be in a position to win next year. Restocking the farm system, though, would be valuable. The Islanders currently have one of the weakest prospect groups in the league — with second-round pick Aatu Raty, who’s currently playing in the Finnish League, and Robin Salo, who had an extended NHL stint this season, as the headliners. And they do have at least a couple of players who might draw interest at the deadline. Cal Clutterbuck, whose contract will expire after this season, would be the most obvious candidate to be dealt. The 34-year-old has slowed down a bit, but remains a player who can contribute high-level minutes from the fourth line and bring an element of toughness to any team. Trading him would officially mean the end of the Identity Line, but that’s a prospect the Islanders will have to face over the summer, when Clutterbuck going into unrestricted free agency. Semyon Varlamov, who has two years left at $5 million per season, is the other player who could garner interest. There’s no shortage of contending teams that could use a goaltender — Edmonton and Colorado, where Varlamov played before coming to the Islanders, both come to mind. And on the Islanders’ end, goalie Ilya Sorokin has been one of the few bright spots this season, proving himself dependable. It’s notable, though, that Sorokin hit a rough patch after Varlamov tested positive for COVID-19 in Calgary. That forced Sorokin to play all four games on the road trip. “I think he’s a good athlete and we’re trying to manage his workload, so I think he’s gonna be fine,” Trotz said following the loss Tuesday. “I think this time it’s probably more mental than it is physical for everybody, cause we just don’t catch a break it seems.” The Islanders have used Cory Schneider as their backup since Varlamov’s positive test, but Jakub Skarek, a 22-year-old who has started 26 games with a .911 save percentage for AHL Bridgeport, might be a more realistic option if they were to trade Varlamov without getting a goaltender in return. From there, the list of players the Islanders could deal dwindles. Zach Parise, Zdeno Chara and Andy Greene are all on expiring deals, but it’s questionable how much help any of them would be to a contender. The Islanders will need to extend Noah Dobson, who will hit restricted free agency after this season, but trading away a 22-year-old defenseman who has developed into a clear-cut top-four player this year wouldn’t seem to make sense without an outstanding return. After Trotz mentioned that Sebastian Aho could be in the lineup more, it’s fair to wonder if the team is trying to showcase him, but he’ll need to do more if they’re to get anything of value in return. Ultimately, the Islanders committed during the offseason to the core that’s in place. With that in mind, it’s hard to see drastic changes coming. “We love the group that we have,” Brock Nelson said when asked about the trade deadline. “Everybody believes in one another, and we’ve won and been close. Without having to say it, everyone wants to stick together in here and doesn’t want to see change.”