All the world’s a stage at this public living room of sorts. A new public art installation is offering New Yorkers the opportunity to attend a retro drive-in movie-like experience in the middle of a heavily trafficked city intersection. The open-air exhibit, “Drive-Thru,” debuted on Friday in a Fort Greene plaza. Consisting of two enormous screens connected by beams and planned in the middle of a slightly raised circular platform, the installation will be showing various films for passing pedestrians through April 14. The screens are each 13.5′ by 7.5′ and can rotate thanks to a pivot in the center of the 30′ circular platform. They are visible from Lafayette Avenue, Flatbush Avenue and the plaza’s adjacent stepped seating area. “‘Drive-Thru’ reimagines the classic drive-in movie experience with rotating media selections from local artists and cultural organizations,” explained a press release by the creator, Soft-Firm. “A reconfigurable outdoor theater, ‘Drive-Thru’ will feature a series of videos and performances by Brooklyn artists, filmmakers, and cultural organizations.” The architecture of the screen was inspired by the nearby Brooklyn Academy of Music sign, “billboards, and construction scaffolding.” It is located at 300 Ashland Place and was produced by the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership and Valen Alen Institute in partnership with Two Trees Management. In addition to the planned video showcases there are also numerous performances scheduled to happen at the site, which the release concludes by recommending is “best viewed starting at dusk.” The complete calendar of events is available on the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership’s website. “Drive-Thru provides a democratic platform that celebrates neighborhood voices,” said Soft-Firm co-founder Talitha Liu. “After another year of distance and uncertainty, the installation projects a portal into the rich cultural fabric of Brooklyn.” The installation indeed feels like a tongue-in-cheek reference to the pandemic trend of distance-friendly drive-in movies. As the coronavirus’ grip on New York loosens, it seems appropriate that its ebb should be paired with an ode to a hopefully bygone era of entertainment: Now, New Yorkers are invited to gather freely around public street art, whereas this time last year — and even more so the previous one — we huddled alone, in fear, in cars.