We don’t know about you, but one of the longest relationships we’ve ever had is with our underwear. They’ve been through so much with us. The firsts, the lasts, the wedgies and beyond. That’s why finding the perfect panty style for you is essential. Should you choose a lacy dream or opt for some staple cotton briefs? Does it even matter apart from looks? What about those pesky panty lines that you’re just so sick of? There’s a solution for every undie problem, concern and desire — trust us, we did the research, and we’re sharing our findings with you. Keep reading to discover the best cotton undies, pairs for working out, period options, lace intimates and more. To help you dive in, we listed top categories below. So get shopping, and may you find your perfect undie match! An excellent full-coverage option, this cotton undie features a high-cut leg and a low-rise front that’s actually as comfy as it looks. We’d be lying if we said we didn’t reach for these day after day. Perfect for daily wear, this traditional cotton panty features a decorated trim and soft, comfy material. Choose from 19 various styles, designs and colors. The everyday cotton underwear gets an upgrade with this Intimissimi panty. With thin sides and a sift elastic waistband, you’ll be 100% in love with it. Classic, comfortable and cool. This undie is made with 95% certified organic cotton, has a waistband that never digs in, minimal leg elastics for secure placement and a high mid-rise. Choose from an array of colors. Amazon never lets us down. This six pack of briefs are made with 95% cotton, machine washable and feature lightweight jersey material. Best of all, you can enjoy superior stretch. While not advertised as an undie made for workouts, it might as well be. Because of its barely-there feel and super stretch material, it seamlessly moves along with you. Created as a throwback style thong, This Skims undie made with 90% cotton and 10% spandex material, making it breathable and perfect for keeping your dry. We couldn’t talk about workout wear without mentioning lululemon. This “virtually  undetectable” panty is smooth under leggings and doesn’t slip or slide. This is our go-to panty for when we want to eliminate panty lines yet still want to be comfortable. With smooth seams and “second-skin,” you’ll be glad you bought a pair while they’re still in stock. Panty lines, be gone! This Pepper seamless hipster makes wearing bodycon dresses, leggings and more formfitting clothing easy and fun. Available in three staple colors, this invisible cotton brief is beyond soft and breathable while also offering top-tier stretch. Best of all, it feature’s EBY’s no slip grip to ensure they don’t ride, slide or roll. If you’re searching for the perfect secret undie but don’t want to spend a fortune, then this is it. Sold at Target, the Auden Laser Cut Cheeky Underwear is lightweight and does the job. Did someone say Parade? We’re there. Not only does this thong include mesh detailing (which is beyond cute), it’s also the brand’s no. 1 best seller for a reason. Let’s face it — thongs can either be super comfortable or completely terrible. But this Pepper thong will always be more than great. There is no rolling waistband, saggy fabric, restrictive elastic or itchy fabric. Who doesn’t love Aerie? Their seamless ribbed thong comes in six various colors all featuring the same soft, comfortable material. Made to have superior stretch and a satin waistband, this cotton thong will become your favorite top drawer go-to. This five-pack of seamless thongs are comfortable, breathable and low waisted. Choose from eight various prints and color combinations. Available in sizes XXS to 4X, this Fits Everybody panty features a v-front, a thong back, is quick-drying and includes Max-Strech technology for amazing comfort. Made in 10 various color, this cheeky panty includes details like a small front charm, scalloped edges, a full lace back and more. Sizes go up to 3X. “High-rise” isn’t just a term to describe pants anymore. It’s now the hottest word in the intimates scene. This Parade brief comes in 13 colors and is available in sizes XS to 3XL. If you’re sick of pads, tampons and period cups, we have some good news. Just slip on one of these hiphuggers, and you’re good to go. This specific style is equivalent to using three regular tampons. The AerieREAL Period Underwear is soft, stretchy, leak-proof, holds up to two tampons of fluid, is anti-bacterial and has odor-reducing layers. We know, we can’t believe it either. Made from bamboo rayon, cotton and spandex, this maximum protection panty is equivalent to two tampons. Best of all, they feel just like regular undies. Made with an extendable gusset, this Knix panty holds up to eight tampons worth of fluid. They’re comfortable, machine-washable and will protect you each day of your cycle. Underclub takes the cake when it comes to lace undies. This specific pair comes in teal and grape while featuring a lace cheeky brazilian style. Sweet and adorable, the Montelle Lace Brazilian panty is made with smooth stretch floral lace and a 100% cotton gusset lining. Choose from seven various colors. An all-star panty, it’s virtually invisible under clothes and eliminates panty lines. Best of all, the lacy design will have you feeling classy and fancy. With a low waist, you can enjoy delicate detailing, various colors and a comfortable fit. Best of all, you get 10 pairs for an unbeatable price. Sure, silk dresses and ribbon is great, but silk panties are even better. These Gooseberry Intimates briefs even add a little something special with the mesh side paneling. Made to be comfortable yet elegant, this LilySilk undie features 92% mulberry silk and lace paneling. With a mid-rise fit and ruching throughout, this pair of silk underwear will have you feeling like your best luxurious self. This four-pack of maternity underwear is made with breathable and organic cotton. Further details include a fold-over waistband, a cheeky backside and a delicate lace trim. Described as the “panty that grows with you,” this undie stays put and can be pulled over your bump or underneath it. The choice is up to you! They’re stretchy. They’re lightweight. They’re breathable. Need we say more? If so, just know they’ll become you new favorite maternity undies. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.