There’s magic in the air, can’t you feel it? It’s true: It’s Pisces season! As the Sun glides into the mystical and vibrant seas of Pisces from Feb. 18 through March 20, I’m excited to announce a brand new series where my favorite celebrity tastemakers and I will discuss global trends and predictions for what’s hot — and what’s not. Do not miss it! Be sure to follow me, all my favs and everything in pop culture astrology to stay in the know! Pisces season is all about getting in touch with our spiritual, magical, creative and romantic sides. As a water sign, Pisces helps us to tap into our intuition and gain deeper perspectives on the world. Ruled by Neptune, the planet of imagination, we are encouraged to unlock our minds and hearts and soar into vast new territory! Now meet some of my favorite celebrity tastemakers who work with some of the biggest stars in the world! Follow celebrity stylist Jana Rae. WHAT’S IN for Women’s Fashion: Pisces season is the final sign of the Zodiac year, when the veil is thin. We are reflective and connected to our deeper spiritual side. The Pisces mood was all over the spring 2022 couture runways, from Dior to Chanel to Schiaparelli, with sheer fabrics revealing our deeper ethereal nature. WHAT’S IN for Men’s Fashion: Likewise, the fall 2022 menswear shows at Versace, Amiri and Greg Lauren felt inspired by Pisces’ inner dark nature. Follow celebrity music producer Craig J. Snider. WHAT’S IN: Our Pisces “pick of the month” is the highly anticipated, posthumous release of Chi-town native Juice Wrld’s “Cigarettes.” Using the metaphor of cigarette addiction to love-lamenting, the late musician raps the lyrics, “I don’t want to be lonely no more, she picks my heart off the floor. I’m addicted and I need me some more.” The track has that romantic Pisces season vibe, with dreamy guitars, synths and sub-bass, combined with an infectious hook for Craig J.’s song pick of the month. Follow celebrity fitness trainer Don Saladino. WHAT’S IN: Here’s your Pisces season fitness tip: the thoracic bridge. This is a great movement for mobility and opening the body. It’s all about flow and stability. In this drill you’ll be activating your glutes, hips, mid-back and shoulders. It is great to balance out those of you who sit at a desk or in a chair for most of the day. Enjoy! Don has previously spoken with The New York Post in regards to being a superhero trainer for mega stars such as Hugh Jackman and Blake Lively. Follow celebrity hairstylist Brandon Liberati. WHAT’S IN: If you are swimming in circles about what hairstyle or cut is right for you this Pisces season, just look to this fluid sign’s characteristics for inspiration! Get creative and go for one of this years hottest trends: the textured shaggy bob. Feeling adventurous? Trade in your natural color or baby-lights for some funky chunky highlights! Show your romantic nature with a long-layered haircut and style it up with a loose undone braid, or Pisces signature-style beach waves. Whatever trend you decide to do, always let your intuition and hairstylist guide you! Follow celebrity hairstyle Kristan Serafino. WHAT’S IN: Per the slideshow — 1) Softness around the face, ears and neckline allow for a modern and dreamy fresh look while still maintaining a sense of structure. Kristan Serafino’s Pro-Tip: When applying products, apply back to front, then front to back. This evenly distributes products and prevents excess around the hairline. 2) Like the natural current of a wave, curls should be embraced and left to their natural texture and beauty. Kristan Serafino’s Pro-Tip: Let curls dry completely before touching. Once hair is 100% dry, then separate the curls. This will help to eliminate frizz. 3) Hair color is not just for covering greys, it can provide a magical sensibility to any style. Kristan Serafino’s Pro-Tip: Use a color treated shampoo and conditioner to help maintain hair’s vibrancy. Follow entertainment and Hollywood makeup artist Lizzy Polanco. WHAT’S IN: Dreamy, Pisces season is upon us! With its ever-magical ocean tides that illuminate under the moonlit sky, illuminate your beauty routine by adding some sparkle to your cheekbones, eyes, and lips. Think luminous sheen swiped across your cheekbones, tinted lips to add a bit of luster and a wash of shimmer on your eyelids to bask in all your magical Pisces glory. Follow cryptocurrency investor Amanda Maxwell. WHAT’S IN: Happiness comes from within — but our financial well-being is vital for our day-to-day success. As we move into Pisces season, it’s important to bear in mind the shifts occurring in your personal financial well-being. Pisces’ dreamy and magical mindset allows it to become very easy to get caught up in “living in the moment” instead of being more thoughtful with how money is spent. Try exploring new investment strategies. Figure out what asset interests you the most and use this season to advance yourself. A wise man once said, “invest in what you believe in,” so take this month to let your mind guide you —and jump in! Enjoy the beauty of Pisces season! You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.