The parents’ revolution has notched another win. This week, three members of San Francisco’s Board of Education — Gabriela López, Alison Collins and Faauuga Moliga — suffered overwhelming defeat in a recall election brought by angry parents who felt they were more concerned with lefty politics than with children’s welfare. The parents’ case was strengthened by the fact that they were, well, right. Siva Raj, one of the recall organizers, said, “The city of San Francisco has risen up and said this is not acceptable, to put our kids last.” As COVID raged, the school board paid more attention to renaming schools — it wanted to rename Abraham Lincoln HS because its namesake didn’t show “that black lives ever mattered” to him — than educating kids. Again and again, the board placed woke politics before its actual job. (Collins had even accused Asians of using “white supremacist thinking” to get ahead.) When parents objected, they were ignored, called racists or worse. And not just in San Francisco. In Loudoun County, Va., teachers and administrators ran a secret group aimed at taking action against parents who opposed their system’s commitment to critical race theory. One of them, school-board member Beth Barts, resigned her position after her role came out. Others face recalls organized by angry parents. What some have called the “parents’ revolt” is spreading across the country, with parents in numerous other jurisdictions organizing around school-board elections and education policy. (Many more, of course, are quietly voting with their feet, taking their kids to private school or homeschooling rather than submitting to the diktats of woke and incompetent educational authorities.) They face opposition. It wasn’t just Loudoun County education officials who went after critical parents. Education Secretary Miguel Cardona encouraged the National School Boards Association to ask Attorney General Merrick Garland to declare those parents domestic terrorists. The NSBA sent that letter, and Garland quickly obliged. An FBI whistleblower then reported that the FBI was employing counterterrorism tactics against parent groups nationwide. After a firestorm of criticism, the NSBA retracted its letter, Garland issued a mealymouthed apology — and the FBI may even have stopped investigating people for peaceful complaints about government policies, though I wouldn’t bet on that. We can learn a couple things from all this. The first is the brittle, arrogant and defensive response of our ruling class to any kind of political opposition nowadays. What kind of mind turns parents complaining at a school-board meeting into some sort of “domestic terrorism” threat? (The same kind that turns peacefully protesting truckers into “insurrectionists,” I suppose.) In what previous age of American history would secret targeting and federal investigations of people engaging in a bedrock institution of participatory democracy have been seen as appropriate? Who calls people racist for wanting their kids to learn? In this age, alas, those things happen, and the people doing them — the people who are supposed to be our society’s leaders, the best and the brightest, the level-headed non-extremists of the establishment — are frankly more than a little bit crazy. No sane person would respond this way, and yet respond this way they do, over and over again. (And every time they do, they label their opponents racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, Islamophobic, etc., wielding those adjectives like magic curse words, even though they’re pretty much always bogus.) But here’s the other lesson: It doesn’t work. In Virginia, Republican Glenn Youngkin was elected governor largely on the strength of the parents’ revolt. Virginia parents had had enough of the nonsense imposed upon their kids under Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. People who care about their kids — which is almost everyone — don’t trust government officials who don’t trust them, especially when much of what those officials are doing seems objectively insane. And calling them racists, bigots, etc. doesn’t scare them away — it angers them. Likewise in San Francisco, one of the farthest-left jurisdictions in the nation. This was a revolt of liberal Democrats against “woke” Democrats, and the liberals had had enough. As The Wall Street Journal noted, “Successful recalls are rare, and it takes real effort to lose by 3-to-1 or 4-to-1.” Citing Board of Supervisors President Shamann Walton’s characterization of the recall movement as “closet Republicans,” it observed, “that must be some closet.” The truth is, people want sensible government by sensible people who listen to their constituents. That’s not rocket science, but it seems to be a stretch for today’s Democrats. May the defeats continue until they learn. Glenn Harlan Reynolds is a professor of law at the University of Tennessee and founder of the InstaPundit.com blog.