Is billionaire Robert Smith going to buy the Denver Broncos? You could look to his wife’s Instagram feed for clues that he might still be in the running. Hope Dworaczyk Smith, a former Playboy model, posted a series of pictures of herself in her and her husband’s suite at Sunday’s Super Bowl. Among the blinged-out snaps: a sparkly football purse. “Trying out this new owner of team idea,” she said in the Insta post. “Great game but not sure it fits. Maybe I’m more a Rebecca,” she said — a nod to a character who owns a soccer franchise in the television show Ted Lasso. Denver native Smith has said he’s not interested in buying the Broncos — even after entreaties from NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell who’s dealing with charges that the league is behind the times when it comes to issues of race. Smith is the US’s richest black man, with a net worth estimated around $7 billion. And a source close to the Smiths tells The Post that Hope Smith’s Instagram post was just playful and isn’t a sign of a deal. The source also says it’s not Robert Smith’s first time buying a stadium suite to watch the Super Bowl. Meanwhile, The Post reported exclusively last week that NFL honcho Goodell is putting enormous pressure on Smith to buy the team and that Smith could still change his mind. Smith rooted for the Broncos growing up in Denver. And the NFL could use some burnishing of its image after an explosive racial discrimination suit from former NFL Coach Brian Flores, who is black. One reason Robert Smith might pass on a Broncos bid? He is raising money for a new $20 billion-plus private-equity fund and doesn’t want possible investors to think he’ll be distracted by a new team, a source familiar with the situation said. Media mogul Byron Allen has said he’s interested in bidding on the team. Another possible bidder: Apollo Global Management Co-Founder Josh Harris who’s prepared to offer more than $3.5 billion for the mile-high team, a sports team owner familiar with the situation said. A Harris spokesman declined comment.