This is the most unhinged Hinge hookup party ever. In celebration of Valentine’s Day, all the single ladies in TikToker Cassidy Davis’ friend group invited over 65 male strangers, each of whom had matched with a friend on a dating app, to a “chaotic” singles soiree that she titled “Bring a random, bring a bottle.” “You have to bring a random person that you’ve matched with on a dating app,” said Davis, 28, in the first installation of her now-viral video series. “It could be Tinder, it could be Bumble, it could be Farmers Only. I don’t give a … But it has to be a random person.” The LA-based actress and comedian went on to spell out the other rules of her messy mixer, saying: “Ideally, you haven’t gone on a date with him yet. Ideally this party is your first date, so it’s like maximum chaos.“ She also insisted that each plus-one contribute a bottle of alcohol to the party — which she suggested be hosted by the friend who has the “least rob-worthy house” in order to reduce the chances of anyone being burglarized by the motley group of partygoers. And, in the case of that one of her girlfriends unwittingly invited a deranged serial killer as their date to the singles shindig, Davis said: “If someone is a murderer and murder happens, [we’ll have] a real life murder mystery party. I mean, I’m doing this!” And she did it. Davis documented the freaky festivities for her more than 29,000 TikTok fans, and shared hilarious clips of her inebriated guests recording private confessionals in her bathroom during the party. And while some revelers were hoping to “find the love of my life” or “get married and have a baby” by the end of the night, other attendees of the party just wanted to “f–k a stranger.” “I would want some new friends, and also maybe to f–k a stranger,” said Davis’ hoedown co-host Sammi. “Maybe. If they’re worth it. Because I’m worth it.” Another woman named Alana lamented the fact that most of the invitees only had sex, rather than love and commitment, on the brain, saying: “S–t is really f–king hard these days, meeting people … Everyone just wants to f–k. I hate this so much. But like I’m literally obsessed.” Most of the male merrymakers, on the other hand, used comedy to spice their confessionals. “I’m a little nervous right now. This looks like some ‘Get Out’ s–t,” one man joked in his toilet testimonial, likening Davis’ predominantly white matchup event to Jordan Peele’s 2017 romance-gone-wrong psychological thriller. “But, what do you know, to my surprise there are six other black people here. What else is more f–king ‘Get Out’ than that?” Another man, dressed in a suit, also took the opportunity to flex his funny bone on camera, saying, “This is Joe Danger, representing the United States government. I’m here on a reconnaissance mission. And I’m probably going to say hello and goodbye like the great Beatles song.” All joking aside, after the V-Day rave, Davis posted a follow-up video to TikTok, revealing that a few love connections were made during her janky jamboree — including one of her very own. “It’s kind of sweet that we were vibing with each other,” she said, smiling, of her budding romance with a partygoer named Ken. “I’m probably going to see him again.” She also confirmed that Sammi did in fact bed a stranger. Davis concluded her recap clip saying that she plans to host a reunion get-together, re-inviting all the same people for another round of partying, next weekend. “Thanks for enjoying our party, it was so fun,” Davis said before making a public plea for a brand sponsorship. “Trojan condoms, if you’re still watching this, can you sponsor the next one please.”