There’s nothing better than wrapping yourself in a soft, warm, luxurious towel after a refreshing shower or bath (especially in the winter when it’s freezing outside). If you’re reading this article then chances are your current towel collection is probably on it’s last leg — scratchy, ratty and maybe even stained from daily use. In an effort to help you find the perfect new bath towels, we searched the Internet for the most well-loved options, according to rave reviews and popular brands. Whether you’re in desperate need of upgrading your old towels or just like to splurge on your bathroom accessories, we’ve you covered with plenty of options. Our list includes brands from Brooklinen, Parachute, Cozy Earth, Frontgate, Amazon and more for those looking for plush picks, oversized options, hair wraps and even the best choice for kids. Brooklinen’s bestselling Softest Super-Plush Bath Towels are ridiculously soft, luxurious and will definitely help give your bathroom a spa-like vibe. They come in a set of two and are made completely out of Turkish cotton. “These are so soft and make you feel like you’re cuddling with puppies while you’re toweling off,” said one happy customer. If you’re looking for quality but don’t enjoy extra soft towels, the brand also sells waffle, ultralight and classic options. Plus, it’s oversized bath sheets. Parachute’s Classic Towel Set is the brand’s bestselling option that comes with two bath towels, two hand towels and two washcloths. They’re ultra-soft, quick-drying, plush and absorbent. Plus, 78% off their reviews are five stars. “Splurged on these and have #noregrets. They are so fluffy, soft, big and amazing! Just get them,” said a reviewer. Parachute sells a variety of towel options including waffle, soft rib, spa, fouta and even organic. Be one of the first to wrap yourself up in Cozy Earth’s premium plush towels and finally know what the brand hype is all about. Not only does the company get rave reviews, but one of them is from Oprah herself, naming them to her Favorite Things list four times in a row. Since the towels are brand new to the site, they have yet to rack up the reviews, but be one of the first and you won’t regret it. Other reviews for the duvet covers, joggers and more are super compelling, and we won’t be surprised when they start coming in droves for this new product, too. “Exceeded my Expectations,” said a reviewer about the brand. “Literally the best bedding I have ever slept on. So soft and comfortable. I bought the sheets and was so pleased I bought the mattress pad, comforter, duvet and pillows.” Magic Linen, a brand known for its amazing linens that even Meghan Markle is a fan of, definitely did not drop the ball on its waffle-knit towels. The puffy waffle weave not only increases absorbency but also gently exfoliates your skin. Plus, linen is naturally antimicrobial and allows for easy airflow ensuring your towels dry quicker and stay free of mildew, germs or unpleasant odors. “Love these towels! Love the size and the way they feel against the body. Also love that they are absorbent and dry quickly,” said a reviewer. If you have the perfect towel color in mind for your bathroom, it’s likely that Frontgate’s Resort Cotton Bath Towels (with more than 8,500 reviews) has what you’re looking for. The brand’s towels come in more than 20 shades. “After a lifetime of mediocre to cheap towels I decided to splurge for once and try out one really nice towel. I went on an extensive online search before choosing Frontgate,” said one reviewer. “The towel is very plush. I felt like I was drying myself off using a very soft stuffed teddy bear!” For those looking for an organic option, you can’t go wrong with a towel set from Coyuchi. The Coyuchi Air Weight Organic Towels are loomed from long loops of pure organic cotton, are super quick-drying and durable so they’ll last the test of time. “These towels are light but mighty! I got them to change from thick fluffy towels that never dry. These are still soft and comfortable but are much more practical,” one reviewer said. “They dry nicely on the rack after use and the colors are great too!” These towels are available in eight different colors including classic white, beige, blue and more. The brand also sells Cloud Loom towels, Turkish towels, Temescal towels and more. Amazon has a great variety of budget-friendly, quality towels. This set of four plush bath towels from the Chakir Turkish Linens store for example is a great option. They have more than 11,000 reviews and come in a dozen different shades. One reviewer who has owned this set for almost four years said, “I never once had to mend a towel, hand towel or washcloth. [The towels have] kept their shape and look [brand] new.” Need a hair towel? Consider the YoulerTex Microfiber Hair Towel Wrap ($10) that’s currently on sale by 45 percent on Amazon. How about a kid-friendly towel? This “Trolls” inspired option ($17) is bound to make your little one smile. Amazon also sells cost-effective Turkish towels. This WetCat towel is less than $22 and has more than 8,000 positive Amazon reviews. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.