LeBron James was 11 years old when the NBA All-Star Game in Cleveland honored basketball’s 50 greatest players. 25 years later, 19 of them spent playing in the NBA, James was still starstruck upon meeting his childhood hero, Michael Jordan. On Sunday, the 37-year-old was among the 76 current and former NBA players named to the league’s all-time best with Jordan. The group, made up of MVPs, Finals MVPs, All-Stars and champions was celebrated to commemorate 75 years of the league. The ceremony gave James the opportunity to be face-to-face with one of his inspirations. “I did not want to lose the opportunity to shake the man’s hand that inspired me throughout my childhood,” James said. “I haven’t had much dialogue with [Michael Jordan] in my 20 years or 19 years in this business, but part of me wouldn’t be here without MJ’s inspiration. I always wanted to be like him growing up.” What made the interaction more meaningful was James clinching his team’s fifth consecutive All-Star Game win and $450,000 for his I Promise Scholars Program with a fadeaway jumper that he said was inspired by Jordan. “It’s crazy that the game-winning shot tonight was a fadeaway, and it was inspired by MJ. The way he wore his shoes, the way he wore his uniform, I mean, all the way down to some of the cars that he drove, how much he inspired me,” James said. “I didn’t want to waste that opportunity because we’re just not in the same building a lot and haven’t been in the same building a lot throughout my career. “It meant something to me.” James and Jordan embraced on Sunday and afterwards the Lakers star reflected on how it felt to be named one of the league’s 75 greatest players in Cleveland, less than an hour away from his hometown of Akron, Ohio. James’ childhood friends and family were in attendance, in addition to his wife, mother and children. James and his inner circle were greeted by the cheers of fans, many of whom had watched him win an NBA championship ring with the Cavaliers. “I remember 25 years ago we were 12, 11, wishing that we had the opportunity or the means to come up to Cleveland and see some of the greatest basketball players of all time because they inspired us so much,” he said. “For me to be here today, for my best friends to be here, for my wife and my kids and my family, my mom. There are so many people that seen me grow from really a young toddler to who I am today. I couldn’t picture that moment any better.” Despite attending 18 All-Star weekends in his career, the 75th anniversary celebration was different for James with so many of his early heroes in attendance. The four-time NBA champion and four-time MVP said he was “humbled and appreciative” to be celebrated with many of the legendary players who inspired him to pursue the sport. “To be a part of the 75 greatest basketball players to ever play, it just takes me back to my childhood once again growing up in Spring Hill and having all my inspirations taped on my wall, Allen Iverson and Jason Kidd, Gary Payton, Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Oscar Robertson,” James said. “To see those guys today and then be on stage with those guys. You guys don’t understand. I’m trying to make you understand as much as I can, but it’s just crazy.” James, whose next biggest task is getting the Lakers back on track and into the playoffs,  added that he was taking the night in before he refocused on the current season. “I hope I’ll never forget this moment,” James said. “It would be cool if 25 years from now when they do the top 100 that it’s back here. I’ll probably never forget this moment. It’s something that I’m glad my kids got to witness. Then when my grandkids show up at some point, I’ll be able to show them some footage of what their granddad was able to accomplish when he played the game of basketball.”