UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson warned allies Saturday that if Western nations allow Russia to invade Ukraine without resistance, “the shock will echo around the world” and have damaging impacts on Taiwan. “When I spoke to the Prime Ministers of Japan and Australia this week, they left me in no doubt that the economic and political shocks would be felt on the far side of the world,” Johnson said at the Munich Security Conference, where leaders from more than 100 countries are gathered. Johnson said that no one really knows what Russian President Vladimir Putin has planned, “but the omens are grim and that is why we must stand strong together.” “If Ukraine is endangered, the shock will echo around the world. And those echoes will be heard in east Asia, will be heard in Taiwan,” he added. “People would draw the conclusion that aggression pays, and that might is right.” “So we should not underestimate the gravity of this moment and what is at stake,” he added. Johnson said the UK, the European Union and the US have put together “the toughest and strongest package of sanctions” and are ready to enact them should Russia invade Ukraine. “We will sanction Russian individuals and companies of strategic importance to the Russian state; and we will make it impossible for them to raise finance on the London capital markets; and we will open up the matryoshka dolls of Russian-owned companies and Russian-owned entities to find the ultimate beneficiaries within,” Johnson said. “And if President Putin believes that by these actions he can drive NATO back or intimidate NATO, he will find that the opposite is the case.” He noted that the UK and allies have sent troops to various locations in Eastern Europe and the eastern Mediterranean and the Black Sea as Russia has built up its forces. He note that while the world’s attention has been on the 150,000 troops Russia sent to the Ukraine border, it has also built up its naval forces in the Black Sea, and increased its cyberattacks and disinformation campaign. “This crisis extends into every domain, which is why the UK is providing NATO with more land, sea and air forces, and it is because we feared a crisis like this, that we were already engaged in the biggest increase in defense investment for a generation, spread across conventional capabilities and the new technologies that are ever more important to our collective defense,” Johnson said. But the prime minister also warned that these measures will not be enough if the west doesn’t learn the “lessons of 2014,” when Russia successfully annexed the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine amid little pushback. “Whatever happens in the next few days and weeks, we cannot allow European countries to be blackmailed by Russia, we cannot allow the threat of Russian aggression to change the security architecture of Europe, we cannot permit a new Yalta or a new division of our continent into spheres of influence,” Johnson said. He called for Europe to “wean ourselves” from Russian oil and gas and take steps to protect the financial system. And he said allies must “prepare ourselves for the Russian playbook of deception that governs every operation of this kind.” Expect a “cascade of false claims about Ukraine” intended to spread confusion, along with staged events “spinning a web of falsehoods designed to present any Russian attack as a response to provocation.” He warned that this may be a “protracted crisis” for which  Europe will need “strategic endurance.” “But if dialogue fails and if Russia chooses to use violence against an innocent and peaceful population in Ukraine, and to disregard the norms of civilized behavior between states, and to disregard the Charter of the United Nations, then we at this conference should be in no doubt that it is in our collective interest that Russia should ultimately fail and be seen to fail.” “After a generation of freedom, we’re now staring at a generation of bloodshed and misery,” Johnson said. “I believe that Russia would have absolutely nothing to gain from this catastrophic venture and everything to lose, and while there is still time, I urge the Kremlin to de-escalate, to disengage its forces from the frontier and to renew our dialogue.” Johnson met with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy following his speech.