And you thought chocolate fondue was naughty. Kinky’s Dessert Bar, a new spot in downtown New York, offers waffles, cookies and cupcakes that depict both male and female genitalia. The shop also sells treats with suggestive sayings, like a “I Like it Rough” red velvet cupcake and a “Tease Me” vegan chocolate chip. Culinary couple August and John DeWindt are behind the Lower East Side age-restricted shop, which opened Monday. ‘”People have been lining up before we open,” August told The Post. “Everything has been flying off the shelves.” She added that their signature Dicky waffles have been especially popular. The waffles, which also come in a Va-JayJay variety can be adorned with “Oh Behave” vanilla cream or “Beg For More Banana” pudding. The vibrant pink-and-purple colored shop was designed with adults in mind. August explained she looked for vintage Playboy and Playgirl magazines to adorn the space, and went with a ‘70s and ‘80s theme. There is an S&M-themed bathroom and phrases such as “What’s Your Safe Word?” and “Talk Dirty to Me” emblazoned on the walls. Because of its risque decor and offerings, the shop is restricted to ages 18 and over. “There is actually a lot of porno on the seating and the tables as decoration,” 30-year-old August said. The shop is checking IDs and at one point, likely in May, will offer wine and beer. Kinky’s Dessert Bar is the third venture for the DeWindts, who are both native New Yorkers. In 2016, they started John’s Juice at Smorgasburg in Brooklyn. It offers juice — pineapple, watermelon, orange, dragon fruit and grapefruit — served in the fruit itself. Two years later, the married couple started Fluffy’s, whipping up extra-fluffy Japanese-style pancakes at Smorgasburg as well. “I have been cooking as long as I can remember,” August told The Post. After working in the restaurant industry, she started sharing her recipes on her popular TikTok account, theres.food.at.home, which has 3.7 million followers. The adults-only dessert shop was an idea the couple started mulling over in 2019. “We thought it would be really fun to bring to the city,” August said. They began looking for a space the next year when the pandemic hit. Initially, landlords were hesitant about the concept, but due to the pandemic shuttering many businesses, they were able to find their current space. According to the bar’s site, the couple “set out to combine two of America’s favorite things and bring them under one roof: desserts and sex!”