America: otherwise known as “land of the free, home of the brave.” While the best President’s Day TV sales of 2022 aren’t free by any means, they’re almost as good. Besides, who doesn’t love hundreds of dollars off that sought-after model you want to binge-watch the new season of “Love Is Blind,” anyway? Speaking of love, we’re going to be cheesy and say we simply love all the TV deals happening right now in honor of President’s Day (and maybe even Valentine’s Day); from Amazon and Best Buy to Target and Walmart, models of every shape, size and spec are marked down. Not to mention, we consulted a Dolby expert to give us the 411 on how to buy the best TV — defining OLED, the difference between LCD and LED and what to look for when shopping for that investment showpiece. Looking for an epic mattress deal, too? Check out our list of brands participating in President’s Day mattress and bedding sales. Ahead, find the 15 best President’s Day TV sales of 2022 just waiting for you to be purchased. If Samsung’s fan-favorite Frame TV is on sale, we’re all ears about it. For up to $800 off, this on-sale TV is available from 32″ to 85″ and transforms into a wonderful piece of wall decor when you’re not watching, much ado to Samsung’s Art Store. As one of the expert-recommended TVs, LG’s 55″ Smart webOS TV boasts ambient light sensors inside the TV to adjust the picture brightness to the room’s lighting conditions. It’s next-level smart, to say the least. For $200 off, you can’t go wrong with LG’s NanoCell TV, a great option for Alexa fans (we know who you are) and those who appreciate advanced LED technology. Plus, it’s available in 65″ and 86″ sizes. If you’re on a budget or simply don’t have space for a size larger than 50″, consider Vizio’s Smart TV. It’s $120 off ahead of President’s Day and its 4K Ultra HD encapsulates over 8 million pixels for an impressive picture (so you’re not compromising on quality). Samsung is undoubtedly a TV titan, namely for its beyond stunning viewing experience and slimmer-than-slim frames. Specifically, its QLED model is available from 55″ to 85″ right now and, conveniently, is up to $900 off depending on the size. Sony has an impressive following surrounding its industry-leading headphones and its smart TVs are no different. The 77″ Smart Google TV is a stunning centerpiece for your home, clad with sharp OLED for a cinematic viewing experience. Meet the most budget-friendly option in this sales piece. Hisense’s 40″ Smart TV is remarkably good (and one of our tried-and-true favorites), notably for the value; the picture quality, for the price, is one of the best and crystal-clear we’ve seen. If your budget cap is $2,000, now’s the perfect time to snag Sony’s 65″ Smart Android TV. It’s especially ideal for those who enjoy a wide-angled picture coupled with Dolby Vision for a more realistic display. As another expert-recommended TV pick, Hisense’s Smart TV is like no other. Supporting both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos for unmatched picture and sound, it’s also an Amazon’s Choice product and $200 off. We appreciate LG’s 55″ Smart LED TV for a number of reasons but most of all: the simplicity and ease of use. It has all expert-vetted features, like a solid 4K and LED makeup and streaming capabilities for less than $400. Though $50 off isn’t a large discount, a little goes a long way — especially when talking about Sony’s 55″ Smart Google TV. It’s fairly priced, works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant and is under that $1,000 price point. This roundup would be incomplete without a mention of Sony’s Bravia Smart Google TV. For $100 off, you’ll experience real-life depth (thanks to the built-in color contrast), streaming of your favorites and enhanced gaming with the PS5 console, specifically. Our TV expert recommends Toshiba’s 50″ Smart Fire TV as it has a stellar picture for the price and amazing 4K Ultra HD resolution to easily boost your watching experience. As a dynamite Samsung offering that’s $800 off just in time for President’s Day, the Neo QLED 8K Smart TV is available in 75″ and 85″ sizes, too. Not to mention, it has backlight lighting to precisely project your shows and stream-ables exactly how you want. If you’re less impressed by specs and more interested in affordability, shop TCL’s Smart TV. It has a great 4K and UHD composition but for a feel-good price of less than $275. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.