There was a time where Victoria’s Secret only believed in size zeros and bombshell bras. But the lingerie, beauty and clothing mogul is working to revolutionize their brand. Most recently, Victoria’s Secret launched their Love Cloud Collection. What first caught our attention was the brand’s campaign, which features a diverse cast of women including Sofía Jirau, Victoria’s Secret’s first model with down syndrome. “From the cast of incredible women that bring the collection to life, to the incredible inclusive spirit on set,” said Raúl Martinez, Head Creative Director of Victoria’s Secret. “This campaign is an important part of the new Victoria’s Secret standard we are creating.” But our intrigue didn’t stop there. Our eyes were drawn to the dreamy bras and undies you could see yourself living in every day. The collection focuses on real comfort for real women while still maintaining that timeless and elegant Victoria’s Secret look. This is achieved through cloud-like padding, soft-to-the-touch fabric, smoothing technology and fully adjustable straps. “With this new line, we are launching high quality bras and panties in shapes that fit women’s daily needs in our ongoing effort to develop products that champion women and support their individual journeys,” said Janie Schaffer, Chief Design Officer for Victoria’s Secret lingerie. There are five available styles for purchase: the smooth demi, half-pad plunge, push-up plunge, smooth straight-neck lounge and demi front-close with lace back. Three matching panties, including two fully adjustable styles, are also available. Sizes run from 32A to 40DDD and XS to XXL. Best of all, score $5 Love Cloud panties (orig. up to $24.50) with the purchase of any Love Cloud bra. The Push-Up Plunge Bra provides balance, extra lift and comfort. Further details include all smoothing side-and-back panels, gold V-hardware and cup lining. You’ll be glad you snagged one while you could. This is your new everyday bra — we promise. It features smoothing panels, gold detailing and lightly-lined demi bra cups. It’s like a bralette and a bra had a baby. The Lace Half-Pad Plunge Bra includes half-cup padding that’s supportive yet unrestrictive. Plus, the lace detailing will make you feel sweet and flirty. This dynamic number is light lined while being completely wireless. You can also look forward to fully adjustable straps, a pull-on design, plus fun prints and colors. If front closures are your jam, then this is the ideal bra for you. The Demi Uplift bra includes push-up padding, partially recycled materials, gold V-hardware and a lace-back. Available in three various lace colors, this panty sits flat, is low rise, and made with a pure cotton panel gusset. You can also enjoy fully adjustable side straps. The lace shortie is both soft and stretchy meaning it effortlessly moves with you. It’s also ideal for those that like a bit more flirty coverage. A customizable panty is here, and it comes in all of your favorite staple colors. Further details include gold V-hardware and adjustable straps. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.