The Issue: Mayor Adams’ suggestion that tough news coverage of him has to do with “white journalists.” Eric Adams just threw away whatever hope I had for his success as mayor when he recklessly played the race card to deflect criticism. Beyond unacceptable (“Beat the press for Adams,” Feb. 16). Shame on Adams. Thomas Birnbaum Manhattan When all else fails, play the race card. James Pappas Bensonhurst Well, that didn’t take long now, did it? Adams plays the race card and blames journalists and media outlets for not being diversified enough. How about the mayor puts on his big boy pants and does the job so many journalists and media outlets propped him up for? The fact is, progressive Democrats refuse to acknowledge the surging crime rates and that their soft-on-crime reforms leaves something to be desired. It’s a complete and total failure, all around. The only ones getting off easy are the criminals, while the victims are exploited for political expediency. Do the job you were elected to perform, or you’ll bounce in the next election. Theresa Caso-O’Brien Melville It seems New Yorkers again are stuck with a mayor with a major “race chip” on his shoulder. Seems like talking to the “white” press just set off Adams’ true inner feelings. As the city falls into further decay, the mayor looks overwhelmed less than two months in. And, unfortunately, that senseless remark only divides further. Step up, Mr. Mayor, and take charge of the criminal scourge that has become all-too-common thanks to that buffoon before you. Show that you’re the guy for all New Yorkers, and stop the crime. Kevin Judge Naples That didn’t take long: Adams has just played the ever-present race card because the press asked him some tough but honest questions about his summer youth (or lack thereof) program. Please, Mr. Mayor, don’t be like Bill de Blasio. Not everything is about race. We’re rooting for you, otherwise it’s going to be a long four years. Tommy DeJulio New Rochelle Although I was disappointed to hear his comments (almost like a low-key rant), Adams is still within the “honeymoon period” for a newly elected official, so I will give him a pass on this one just like we have moved on from his several-years-old “cracker” comment. Mayor Adams, you are better than this and New Yorkers depend on you and want you to succeed. Please keep it classy, Mr. Mayor, and help us get that shine back on the Big Apple. Jack La Torre Brooklyn No matter the color, thin skin isn’t a good look. While Adams had a point about the actual, more amiable tone of his Albany trip, it got lost when he objectified reporters based on their race. Assuming that an editor chose a provocative angle to a story, rather than a feel-good angle, because that editor presumably looks different than Adams is as superficial as you can get. Maya Angelou said: “We are more alike than we are different.” Let us embrace the “alike” more than the “different.” New York is as diverse as it gets, and we are all New Yorkers. Deirdre Harvey Valley Stream If you’re the mayor of the once-greatest city in the world, you need to have a bit more of an armadillo skin. The mayor’s rant at the press is totally defensive in the fact he had to pat himself on the back, saying: “I’ve been doing a darn good job.” In that case, Mr. Mayor, the proof is in the pudding. Talking big and accomplishing big are two different scenarios. Grow up, sir. The press is there to watch your every move; it’s time you show them and us what you are really made of. Doc Ludemann Bridgeport, Conn. When confronted by his failures, he calls the press racist. Pathetic. Donald Irving The Bronx