He’s articulate. He’s smooth. He’s dull as dirt. Disgraced former congressman, failed New York City mayoral candidate and ex-con Anthony Weiner, who threw away a thriving political career, his marriage and nearly lost the company of his young son for the thrill of repeatedly and compulsively exchanging cybersmut with assorted females, at least one young enough to be his own grandkid, popped out of his hidey hole Saturday. And within two hours, he demonstrated that he still has a few of his nine lives remaining. With nothing to lose except what’s left of his dignity, Weiner, 57, emerged, rested and ready, to co-host a talk radio show on 77 WABC with his buddy, Curtis Sliwa, 67. He was prepared for audience condemnation, rejection, dismissal from news junkies. He was loaded for bear. But it was a love fest. All he received was warm fuzzies from listeners who seemed awfully glad to hear his voice. Playing the Democratic liberal to Sliwa’s conservative Republican, he talked knowledgeably, if a tad boringly, about a host of local, state and national political issues on the show, The Left vs. The Right. From the outset, he made it clear that he would dodge no questions. Callers were welcome to ask anything about his personal failings and his sexting with an underage girl, a crime that landed him in a federal lockup. They were free to publicly hate him. They didn’t. I guess people just can’t resist a good comeback story, because not one caller brought up the elephant in the room. (Or in Weiner’s case, the donkey.) It seems Anthony Weiner might just pull off his crazy, unlikely, shot at redemption, understanding and a steady paycheck. Shut off the computer and hide the kids, people. Anthony Weiner’s back! Some of the largely conservative callers to the show expressed distaste for the state of the Democratic Party. Karen from Rockland County complained that Democratic New York Gov. Kathy Hochul has “moved extraordinarily to the left.” “I wouldn’t vote for her,” she said. Sliwa, who ran unsuccessfully for New York City mayor as a Republican, expressed dismay that current Democratic office holder Eric Adams, who is black, essentially blamed racism by white reporters for his unfavorable coverage. But Weiner jumped to Adams’ aid, saying the mayor’s remarks were not only overblown, but borne of “frustration” that his agenda has been thwarted in the state Legislature in the state capital. They discussed Hillary Clinton and Russia. President Joe Biden and inflation. Ukraine. They agreed that there exists a toxic vein of anti-Israel sentiment, and full-blown anti-Semitism, on the left. Perhaps their greatest disagreement was over whether State Attorney General Letitia James should require former President Donald Trump and his children to sit for depositions, as a judge this week ruled she may. Sliwa said the left is showing its continued obsession with bringing down Trump and his family, but will eventually come up empty. Weiner said Trump’s guilty of crimes such as tax evasion and should not get away with it. They agreed they can’t stand forcing schoolkids to wear masks. I’m somewhat torn over whether Weiner, who is still on probation, deserves to be welcomed back into polite society so readily. This is a guy whose wife, Huma Abedin, called it quits after her almost ex-hub sent out a picture of himself, while in an aroused state, lying in bed alongside his little son. But I’m ready to give him yet another chance to prove he’s changed his ways. The redemption tour continues. Let’s hope he’s earned it.