New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook. Check out how to claim a first deposit bonus up to $1,500 in time for the NBA All-Star game, Daytona 500 and UFC Fight Night.   Bettors in New York new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of the first deposit match offer of up to $1,500 this weekend. When it comes to free bet offers, Caesars offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher first deposit match anywhere else in New York.    With a $1,500 first deposit bonus at your fingertips, there’s a load of sports action to wager your bets on this week. NBA All-Star weekend travels to Cleveland, and there promises no shortage of entertainment across all three days. Lebron James will be looking to stay undefeated as an all star captain, and looks well positioned to do so with Steph Curry, Giannis Antetokoumpo and Nikola Jokic on his side. The EPL continues, as Manchester City host Tottenham, and Manchester United travel to Leeds in the pick of the games. The CONCACAF Champions League is finally here, and the Colorado Rapids and Seattle Sounders take to the field on Thursday. NASCAR returns, and sports fans are treated with a classic as we head to Florida for the Daytona 500. Denny Hamlin is favorite ahead of the race, going in search of a fourth Daytona 500 win.  Caesars same game parlay insurance offer allows bettors to get their money back if exactly one leg of their Same Game Parlay loses. Simply place a Same Game Parlay that is 4+ legs (minimum odds of +400), and If you lose exactly one leg, receive a Free Bet equal to your stake, up to the value of $50. 21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&Cs apply Just weeks away from the NCAA Basketball Tournament, Caesars are warming up for March Madness with a great offer on one of this weekend’s hottest College hoops matchups. Simply bet at least $50 on the point spread in the Michigan State Spartans vs. Illinois Fighting Illini Game, and regardless of the result, get $3 in free bets for every three-pointer made by your team. Michigan State have the better three-point percentage of the two teams, with 38.35 of threes made.