While I applaud Mayor Adams for trying to change bail-reform laws and for wanting to pull police officers off desk duty, I think he was out of line criticizing the racial makeup of the media and patting himself on the back. (“Beat the press for Adams,” Feb. 16). It’s very early still in his term — and quite honestly, what has he accomplished so far? Mayor Adams, if you’re reading this, get those police officers back on patrol to protect the public and let us hard working tax payers be the judge of how you’re doing. Bill Calvo, Brooklyn I don’t know who is more clueless: Recent New York City mayors or those who voted for them. Bruce Goodman Mount Royal, NJ Mayor Adams needs to look again — the reporters do look like him. They are human, right? We can’t keep defining people as part of “our group” only by their skin tone. We are alike and different in so many ways. I think the mayor is using color as an easy out when he doesn’t like what is said to or about him. His recently outed comment referring to white police officers as crackers should make him less inclined to use the race card. In fact, he should put that card back in the deck and throw it away. You, Mr. Mayor, must begin healing, not further dividing, to bring the city back. Elizabeth Muller Brewster The brief honeymoon of Mayor Adams and the press appears to be over — and the groom may have only himself to blame. Let’s hope it’s not a harbinger of another failed mayoralty yet to come. In blaming the press for criticizing him for failing to get Albany legislators to back his anti-crime agenda, Adams revealed a thin-skinned, overly sensitive personality that won’t serve a politician well. It was also very unjustified in that the press has been very supportive of his mayoralty so far. The press and the people want him to succeed in reducing crime. Stanley Rubin Fresh Meadows Why is Adams complaining about the press? He is starting to sound like Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot. What’s next, Eric? You will only give interviews to black reporters? Someone call him a waaambulance. Marco Hernandez Staten Island Mayor Adams’ accusations of racism against the press was demoralizing and depressing. And this only six weeks into his mayoralty? What happened to the “new progressive” standing defiant against the status quo? If he lashed out over frustration at the negative outcome of his meetings with the state Legislature over his anti-crime agenda, doesn’t he realize most New Yorkers are just as frustrated with them? I support Adams but have had concerns about him that go way back. His instincts are good, he’s made taken some good steps, but he’s a bit shallow intellectually and too ego-driven. Ed Altman Manhattan It’s unfortunate that Mayor Adams is using the race card because he is having a problem accepting legitimate criticism. I’m a bit surprised. I was hoping he would turn out to be a strong leader. I guess he figured that “people that do look like him” will give him a pass even though they are the ones most affected by the violence in the city. Robert Leavy Middle Village Memo to the whiny Hizonner: Playing the race card doesn’t give you a pass when it comes to facing tough questions from the press corps who are just doing their job. Speaking of which, why not try getting busy and doing yours? Charles Winokoor Fall River, Mass. Adams’ comments on the press coverage he receives is really rich, considering the racially charged “cracker” comments he made as Brooklyn borough president in 2019. Hey, Mr. Mayor: In the words of former President Harry Truman, if you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.