The Knicks won’t have a participant in the All-Star Game on Sunday in Cleveland. After the Knicks had a league-high cap space this past summer, team president Leon Rose laid an egg and his team is paying the price, entering the All-Star break buried in 12th place at a season-low nine games under .500 (25-34). The epitome of Rose’s summer was his failure to take a swing at free agent swingman DeMar DeRozan, who wound up signing with the Bulls and has soared into the All-Star Game having made history. DeRozan is the first player in NBA annals to post seven straight 35-point games on 50 percent shooting or better and has helped the Bulls to the top of the Eastern Conference with a 38-21 record. The Post has previously reported Knicks general manager Scott Perry wanted to take a longer look at DeRozan as a free agent, but Rose and his top adviser, William Wesley, were sold on Evan Fournier, whom they acquired in a sign-and-trade with the Celtics. The Post has further learned Rose’s decision to ignore DeRozan is an even bigger gaffe than originally thought, because the Knicks were one of the teams the 13-year veteran was most interested in joining. According to a source familiar with the situation, DeRozan’s top choice — by far — was the Lakers because the Compton, Calif., native preferred to return to where he grew up. The Lakers, however, never made DeRozan a firm offer, despite some talks about parameters. The source said the Knicks were informed DeRozan would have strong interest in coming to New York if they put together the parameters of a deal. But the Knicks did not, and the Bulls nabbed DeRozan on a three-year, $82 million package. The source said if the Knicks had matched Chicago’s offer, DeRozan would’ve chosen the Big Apple. Instead, the Knicks signed Fournier for four years and $78 million, though the final year is not guaranteed. Rose and Wesley felt DeRozan was on the downside of his career and were concerned about his 3-point shooting. Perry wanted to explore DeRozan, too, because he knew it could help lure Damian Lillard to the Knicks. One of DeRozan’s closest friends in the NBA is Lillard, the Trail Blazers’ star point guard. The source said Lillard would’ve had more incentive to push for a trade to the Knicks at some juncture if DeRozan had wound up at the Garden. Meanwhile, Fournier has not been a big enough upgrade, nor has he formed a consistent tandem with backcourt mate Kemba Walker. Fournier, who has never been an All-Star, entered the break averaging 14.5 points on 42.4 percent shooting, but hasn’t been a defensive stopper and has had too many off nights. DeRozan, meanwhile, was selected to an All-Star team for the fifth time and will spend the weekend among the stars.