It may not be the first day of the new year anymore, but we’re still transfixed on all the goal-setting. And with that comes the tall order of wanting to grow your income. Sure, a side hustle is great (and props to you for juggling two productive tasks at once!) but those aren’t everyone’s cup of tea. One of the most rewarding, results-driven ways to grow your income this year is by way of the best investment apps. Before you heighten your defense and say you aren’t well-versed in the subject matter, hear us out. Not only are investment platforms a centralized hub for tracking your savings and propagating your portfolio but the best ones are designed and managed by a team of experts who cut most of the confusion out for you. From personal experience, we can attest that investing — depending on your comfort level and financial situation, of course — is a quicker option to see those dollar signs increase compared with your funds just sitting in the bank. Though, it’s important to recognize that with all investments come a low, medium and high-risk potential. What’s more, investing comes in all different shapes and colors. Aside from managing stocks or mutual funds, you can even dabble in real estate investing through one of our most recommended platforms. But, more on that below. Read on to find the six best investment apps and platforms for beginners and advanced wealth managers alike. With these options, you’ll want to create a spreadsheet and get to number crunching. Roofstock One is an easy and cost-effective way to add the single-family rental (SFR) asset class—a $4 trillion sector—to your portfolio. Accredited investors can purchase shares of Tracking Stocks that follow the economic performance of curated, fully managed SFR property portfolios. Roofstock One provides opportunities to expand your portfolio with lower capital requirements, spread effectively across multiple markets and properties. The platform enables accredited investors to invest in the SFR asset class without any of the traditional property management responsibilities. It’s pretty fantastic, and we think it’s a smart way to get into real estate investing. From personal use, we love Fidelity Investments for visibly growing your earnings (thanks, mutual funds). Its automatic investments feature is one of the most noteworthy ways to invest; for instance, if you invest in six mutual funds and wish to invest $1,200 monthly, you can automate $200 into each account without even worrying about it. Plus, you’re able to see all of your accounts — including your retirement account — with detailed descriptions of how each fund is performing annually, every five years and more. Public.com offers a unique suite of stocks, funds and crypto, so diversification is its middle name. Not only does the app provide a Top 20 deck of popular, community-wide investments but it also provides segmented lists for companies contributing to the travel boom, female-led companies to invest in and notable education institutions, among others. Why TradeStation? Well, for starters, the app provides in-depth access to broad market data, along with investment optimization tools and educational resources to equip you to become a better investor. Specifically, it’s an app ideal for beginner investors. You’ve likely heard about Acorns in one way or another (and for a good reason). The app is unique in that it allows you to invest your spare change and a piece of each paycheck. Plus, the green-plated app has a paired credit card you can use (with no hidden fees) and access to more than 350 brands for handpicking your investments. Well-designed and backed by experts, it’s a good one to look into. Robinhood makes the cut as one of the best investment apps for its option to invest in fractional shares, meaning you can invest any amount, build a balanced portfolio and trade in real-time. From stocks and funds to options, crypto and gold, it’s a catered-to-you app that’s well-suited for your portfolio. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.