A New York City native well-known on the local basketball scene was killed when a Bentley plowed into an outdoor cafe in Florida, cops and pals said Friday. Miami Beach police identified Gary Prince, 67, as the man who died when an elderly woman trying to parallel park her luxury car accelerated – sending the vehicle barreling into patrons of Call Me Gaby in the South Beach section of Miami Beach just after 6 p.m. Thursday. Prince’s friends told local WSVN-TV that their buddy, a chiropractor, had worked with some New York Knicks. Prince also had coached a team called the Franchise, formerly Gold’s Gym, in the Nike Pro City street basketball league in New York. He had owned a Gold’s Gym in the area and moved to Florida several years ago, WSVN-TV reported. “Dr. Gary Prince was a superb person in terms of helping people around him,” said pals Kirk Kesapyan and Massimo Quarra, one of whom survived the crash, in a statement to the outlet. “Gary had a fulfilling life, his love for basketball, mentoring inner-city kids while in New York. Part of his practice was dedicated to heal the injuries of basketball players for the New York Knicks.” In an April 2019 tweet, the Knicks said, “Last night we recognized some of the most passionate Knicks fans during Fan Appreciation Night. “Fans like Kristalyn Billips, Dr. Gary Prince and Ryan Morris prove it’s bigger than basketball, and leaves no doubt we have the best fans in the world.” Six other people were hurt in the Florida accident and treated at the hospital, including a 3-year-old child, a spokesman for the Miami Beach police told The Post. Three of the injured have been released while the others remain hospitalized, including the child, who was listed in stable condition Friday, the spokesman said. Among those injured was another Big Apple basketball legend, Barry “Slice” Rohrssen, the former head men’s basketball coach at Manhattan College in The Bronx, sources told The Post. Rohrssen, of Riverdale, underwent surgery for his leg. His son was also hurt and listed in good condition. In addition to leading the Manhattan Jaspers, Rohrssen also had coaching stints at the University of Kentucky, St. John’s University, the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, the University of Pittsburgh and his alma mater, St. Francis College. The Brooklyn native has also worked as a film actor, including a minor role in 1992’s “Glengarry Glen Ross.” The restaurant where the accident happened remained closed Friday out of respect for the victims, WSVN reported. “All of us at Call Me Gaby are deeply saddened and shocked by last night’s tragic event,” a sign posted at the restaurant said. “Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected and to their families and loved ones.”