A massive Florida mansion spanning more than 14,700 square feet and listed for a whopping $25 million has been dubbed the “Jumanji” house thanks to its jungle vibes. It’s also currently considered the most expensive mansion in Orlando. Made up of 12 bedrooms and 15 bathrooms, the estate is named “Entrelagos,” and is located on a private peninsula between Lake Sheen and Lake Tibet. “The entire property is resort-like. Years of planning and hands-on management were required to build this personal retreat,” Richard Dempsey, who holds the listing with SVN Saunders Ralston Dantzler, told The Post. “The owners place a great deal of value on their privacy,” Dempsey said.  “This site provides seclusion in an area that is in the center of the “world.'” Comprising three floors, the home took almost 10 years and $8 million to complete and has an elevator, according to the listing. Photos of the estate show it shrouded in lush vegetation. In addition to the main house, the property comes with a three-bedroom, two-bathroom guest house and separate staff quarters located above the five-car garage. The interior features, including the columns and interior doors, were handcrafted by Filipino artisans and shipped to the United States. The grand staircase, the two spiral staircases and the main interior balcony feature custom ironwork. Extraordinary amenities include a two-floor rotunda-style library, a recreation room — equipped with a large pool table, a foosball table, a chess table, a gym and an entertainment system — and a movie theater with a 100″ screen. Situated on 2.44 acres of land, exterior features include a tri-level resort-style pool with waterfalls connecting each level, a cabana bar with a summer kitchen, spa, steam room and a full bathroom. All bedrooms have their own bathroom and veranda. The primary suite features a mini-kitchen, jacuzzi tub and a free-standing built-in lighted closets. Situated in the gated community of Windermere, the neighborhood comes with 24-hour security. Since posting, the listing has gone viral on social media, with many people comparing it to the film “Jumanji.” “Strong possibility that someone has been playing Jumanji in that library,” one person quipped. “When you hear the drums of Jumanji….sell immediately…unless, that’s what the owners are doing,” another joked. “Someone needs to finish their Jumanji game!” another said.