A TikTok star who recently made a satirical video about killing someone was charged — along with her mother and three others — with the murder of two men who died in an alleged car chase in Leicestershire, England, last week, the Sun reported. Mahek Bukhari, 22, her mother Ansreen Bukhari, 45, and another woman, Natasha Akhtar, 21, reportedly chased down and ran cousins Mohammed Hashim Ijazuddin and Saqib Hussain, both 21, off the road, resulting in their deaths and tearing their car in half overnight on Friday, according to the outlet. Two men — Raees Jamal, 21, and Rekan Karwan, 28 — were also charged with murder in connection with the crash, although it is unclear how they may have been involved. They will appear in court Thursday, reported the BBC. Although local police are still piecing the deadly incident together, a judge asked the mother, daughter and Akhtar in a Leicester Crown Court appearance whether they realize they “face the most serious charge known to criminal law,” prompting a one-word “yes” response from each during the early hearing. A fashion influencer known on social media as “May B Vlogs” and a vocal Palestine supporter who amassed a TikTok following of 128,000 with 3.2 million likes, Mahek made an ill-timed video in January in which she pretended to blithely tell another person that she “killed someone” as Shawn Mendes’ “It’ll Be Okay” played over the clip. Last November, according to the Daily Mail, she also talked about having a “beef” with other influencers in a YouTube video. “I would say ‘beef’ was coming to me last year and I cut off loads of people, lots of TikTokers, actually, which was good for my mental health as well,” Mahek allegedly declared. “Now I’m literally thriving and growing.” In another recent TikTok posted by Mahek, a flashy car can be seen recklessly swerving around on a road; it prompted a disclaimer from TikTok warning that “participating in this activity could result in you or others getting hurt.” Ansreen — who is a directing manager of a security firm in Stoke-on-Trent, reported the Daily Mail — was praised by her daughter on TikTok multiple times in the past. Last September, Mahek posted a clip boasting the “elite relationship” the two had shared, captioning it “so blessed to have her in my life, my mother, best friend and sister all in one.” Sikander Hayat, Ijazuddin’s father, told the Daily Mail that his son was simply trying to help his cousin through a tough time the night of the deadly crash. “Saqib was very down about things. Hashim [Ijazuddin] loved him a lot and cared for all people in general. He would do anything to help somebody out,” Hayat said, adding that Ijazuddin borrowed the now-wrecked vehicle from his grandfather to drive Hussain to see a friend. “This is the kind of person he was. He was just doing a good deed because he never wanted to say ‘no’ to anybody in trouble . . . but my son had nothing to do with any of this.” A trial for Mahek, Ansreen and Akhtar — who face another hearing on March 18, according to the BBC — is expected to start in late September, according to the Daily Mail.