NANO Instagram influencers are getting paid for posts despite having less than 10,000 followers – here’s how. In today’s social media-dominated world, it’s no surprise that many people out there aspire to be Instagram influencers. And when one looks at the paychecks some of these Instagram stars are bringing in on a monthly basis, that makes sense. Influencers with a million followers can earn around $670 per post; a creator with 100,000 followers can make $200 per post; someone with around 10,000 followers can rake in $88 per post, according to Search Engine Journal. On top of the above-average pay rate, many people like the flexibility of working for themselves and making their own hours. Still, it’s not easy to become a top-earning influencer and usually requires a lot of time and dedication. It typically also requires a very high follower count – but not always. Believe it or not, some Instagram influencers are earning good money and have under 10,000 followers. The key for these nano influencers, as they are called, is to get sponsored by brands as this often leads to other brand deals and paid posts. While this ingredient for Instagram success isn’t so secret, it can be hard if not done right, according to many influencers out there. One of the most important things in landing a sponsorship (or any job) is presentation. And part of the presentation is getting your selling pitch right, according to nano influencer Julie Tescon. “I like to use the word ‘offer’ instead of ‘collab’ to remind micro-influencers that you have to offer the brand something that’s valuable,” Tescon told Insider. “You can offer anything that the brand normally would pay for,” she added. Using media kits can also help you stand out from others by illustrating exactly how much engagement you can drive towards a brand. “I think it’s super important if you want to take this seriously,” influencer Macy Mariano said. “I send them now to everyone I get in touch with. It’s just a good way to express who you are and what you’ve done so they can see your past and current work,” she continued. Sponsorships aren’t the only ways you can get paid on Instagram. You can also allow brands to run ads during your videos by heading to your account settings and enabling the monetization option for in-stream video ads. Then, post videos that are at least 2 minutes long, and watch the money roll in. Of course, the amount of money you earn will depend on how many views your video gets. Still, you will receive 55 percent of the revenue generated per view. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.