The threat of over 150 NFL Draft prospects boycotting the upcoming scouting combine caused the league to abandon plans for a bubble environment. The NFL announced plans to confine players to avoid canceling the event, which is slated to take place between March 1-7, for a second straight year. Agents representing the players encouraged their clients not to participate in all testing, on-field workouts and interviews at the Indianapolis event over the bubble restrictions, according to NFL Media’s Ian Rapoport. “While masks continue to be required for air travel and during medical exams at the Combine (players and medical personnel), wearing a mask at other times while on site is recommended, but not required,” the National Invitational Combine wrote to players in an email. “We encourage all players to remain within the secure Combine areas at all times for your safety. However, if you would like to leave the secure areas during free time in your schedule, you are now permitted to do so at your own risk.” Agents planned to have players not participate in any event besides the medical evaluation or not attending the combine as part of a protest The initially presented bubble restrictions would have only allowed players to bring one fully vaccinated “medical support person” and require players to remain within the combine’s venue for the duration of the event. The NFL Players’ Association threw its support behind the proposed boycott in a letter sent to agents on Sunday. “We have spoken to several agents to reinforce our long standing opposition to the NFL Scouting Combine and agree and support the decisions by those to not attend,” the NFLPA said. “The combination of the NFL’s proposed “bubble” and fact that we still have an antiquated system of every team doctor examining players and having them perform yet again needs serious modification or elimination. While we do not represent these players we have advocated for their rights to fair treatment. “Our union has always encouraged players to take control of their careers from the very beginning and we appreciate that agents are looking at ways to support that goal.” Prospects have also voiced concerns about schedule changes made to the combine — such as planning bench press workouts and on-field work for the same day — which many believe will decrease their ability to perform at their best. While initially, CBS Sports’ Jonathan Jones reported that players planned on skipping the bench press, he later added that some draft prospects planned on not attending the combine because of these changes.