The Issue: Discovering, finally, that Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign was responsible for Russiagate. Finally, what we’ve always known: Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign was involved in Russiagate (“Hillary the Spy,” Rich Lowry, Feb. 15). Now, lawyer-types, how do we start a class-action suit against those responsible for Russiagate — and the ensuing four years of stress and anguish to the American people? Love or hate former President Donald Trump, we saw him harassed, harangued and vilified daily. Hard as Trump tried, we were still short-changed of the representation afforded us by our Constitution and denied our right of governance from a president who was hamstrung every step of the way. Dee Barbato, Yonkers The Durham investigation is starting to reveal the true extent of the illegality that took place during the 2016 campaign and Trump’s time in office by Democratic operatives of Hillary Clinton. It shows you how the Mueller investigation was so one-sided and explains why his team came to the conclusion they couldn’t prove Russian collusion. It’s now clear that any evidence of Russian collusion was planted by those working for Hillary Clinton. Mindy Rader, New City The continued revelations that Hillary Clinton and her campaign were involved with illegally trying to influence the 2016 election while falsely accusing her opponent of wrongdoing should surprise no one. Hillary has a lifetime of scandals behind her. Like a cult leader, she seems to be able to get other people to lie and do her dirty work all while avoiding prosecution and convincing people she’s the victim. Were it not for our complicit media, a Democrat Party that turns a blind eye to the bad behavior of its members and lackeys willing to lie for her, she might’ve been in jail already. Michael D’Auria, Bronxville Lowry has the right idea about holding accountable Trump’s conspirators. But history reminds us Hillary Clinton will emerge unscathed as always. From the Steele Dossier to the private server to Benghazi, she gets away clean. This truly malevolent elitist is, I’m sure, proud of her role in derailing two years of Trump’s term. Having exacted a measure of revenge on her nemesis, Clinton is ready to run again. I hope she does, and I hope her opponent is Trump again. Robert Mangi, Westbury In the 1990s, Hillary Clinton was part of a cabal trying to smear the integrity of Monica Lewinsky. Now, we find out her group was trying to do the same thing to Trump. It’s a blessing that she never became president. Lenny Rodin, Queens Kudos to The Post for its coverage of the attempts by Clinton operatives to frame Trump for Russian collusion. Unlike other daily leftist news organizations, The Post tells it the way it is. I guess your editors aren’t getting greased by the Clinton clan. Ralph A. Manente, Yonkers Are many in the mainstream media in collusion with the Democratic Party? Why are they not covering the Hillary Clinton spy story? A media that was quick to join the chorus of Russia collusion is now silent when the truth is revealed. Their lack of impartiality is a disgrace. Al D’Angelo, The Bronx I think many of your readers have Clinton fatigue at this point. I don’t think most people really care about her imbroglio. I’m personally tired about hearing the latest drama in Trump’s personal and political life. Martin Garfinkle, Staten Island So now we have proof of what many of us knew more than five years ago: this phony Russian dossier was an attempt to smear and destroy the presidency of Trump. Steve Heitner, Middle Island Hillary Clinton actually should be tried in a court of law for her lying to the country. Ron Zajicek, Cortlandt