A dentist has revealed the serious conditions they can spot during a check-up. These illnesses don’t involve your teeth but can be spotted when you visit the dentist. It’s recommended to have a teeth screening every six months to look after your oral health, but it’s also helpful to keep tabs on your overall health. Dr. Azad Eyrumlu, co-founder of leading private dental firm Banning Dental Group, said: “While teeth and gum health are the primary focus when you visit the dentist, there are a range of other potential problems we look out for too.” “While a doctor should always be your first port of call if you think there might be something wrong with your general health, it’s not uncommon for a dentist to pick up early health signs you might not have noticed yourself.” “We’re trained to look out for potential problems such as swollen lymph nodes, bone density loss, irregular oral tissues and unexpected lesions in the mouth.” “We look for abnormalities in the jaws, head and neck, including sinuses that appear on dental x-rays. Some of these abnormalities may be related to lack of vitamins and minerals or hormonal changes which form part of a wider health status.” “It’s vital to have regular check-ups to maintain good oral health, but a trip to the dentist might also reveal wider concerns that need to be addressed.” Oral cancer can reveal itself with red or white lesions on the tongue, the floor of the mouth or the soft tissue at the back of the mouth. Immunosuppression and viral infections can also show up in the mouth, long before they become visible elsewhere. If the lining of the mouth is too pale it could be a sign the patient has anemia. This is a condition where the body is lacking enough red blood cells to circulate oxygen effectively. It is rarely fatal but if severe and left untreated it can be dangerous. Excessive tooth grinding could be a sign that you are suffering from stress. Stress can cause high blood pressure, which can cause health problems and even be fatal. Routine bone scans can show signs that a lack of density might be because of osteoporosis. The condition itself is not fatal, but a fracture can have fatal outcomes, especially in women. A dry mouth, receding gums and excessive bleeding could be the early signs of diabetes. If the dentist spots this they will recommend you should have a blood test with your doctor. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.