If you’ve had the itch to shop ’til you drop, you’re not alone. Luckily, the denim-loving brand Madewell is offering 20% off all sale styles. Ladies, you can score tote bags, vintage tees, beloved skinny jeans and more. Gentleman, say hello to denim button-downs, crewneck sweaters, sneakers and all things trendy. To score the extra 20% off discount, simply add your favorite sale items to your cart, proceed to checkout and enter the promo code SPREETIME. Note: today is your last chance to score an additional 20% of all sale items. To help you quickly obtain the Madewell picks of your dreams, we listed our favorite sale styles for both men and women below. Shop all of women’s sale styles here. You can never have too many plain colored tees — and for good reason. They can be styled alone with jeans, worn under sweaters or dressed up with the jewelry of your choice. Our favorite color in the Madewell line up is this scarlet red. These boots were made for walking. Made of durable leather and featuring a comfortable lug sole, they only get better with time. As if you didn’t already know, Madewell makes some of the best jeans out there. Score this perfect pair for 20% off now. Best of all, they are made in plus, petite, standard and tall options. Available in three colors, this super soft top features a relaxed fit, drop sleeves and a flowy style. Tuck it into some jeans, slip on some booties and call it a day! Pairs with: Clemence Cropped Sweater Tank, $58 It’s cropped, it’s cute, it’s Madewell. Pair this boxy sweater with high rise jeans and enjoy a simple yet adorable outfit. Shop all of men’s sale styles here. There’s nothing better than a tee that fits just right. This Madewell pocket tee hits right at the biceps, has the right amount of room and is made of comfortable cotton jersey. Enjoy a pair of jeans that never lets you down. These are fitted through the hip and thigh while providing you with a straight leg. Best of all, they are extra comfortable. Made to achieve ultimate comfort, these low-tops will have you walking on sunshine. Pair them with jeans, a tee and you’re good to go. Made of boiled wool, this coat will become your new favorite cool-weather companion. Further features include pockets, a fold-over collar and tortoise shell buttons. There’s nothing like a pair of jeans made with Authentic Flex denim — trust us. You’ll be ditching your sweats in no time. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.