Were those carrots 24-karat? A mom put PB&J-slinging parents to shame after packing her son a lavish birthday lunch, which included lobster, golden eating utensils and other items fit for a Roman emperor. An Instagram video detailing the ostentatious spread is currently blowing up online. “Hey friends, lemme show you what I packed for my son’s 9th golden birthday,” teased influencer, Tiffany Keene — known on Instagram as @real.at.tiffanys. Keene often posts pics of her son Cruz’s mouthwatering school lunches from steak sandwiches to lobster — “his favorite.” Per the footage, the epicurean elementary schooler was treated to an extravagant assortment, including macarons, fries and a crustacean-themed wrap stuffed with lobster and shrimp. Keene explained, “This boy loves seafood, so I had to make sure to incorporate it in his lunch today.” And it wasn’t just the fare that was decadent. In honor of Cruz’s golden birthday — when the son’s age corresponds to their birth date (turning 9 on Feb. 9) — the pampering parent also made sure nearly every item was gold, from ribbons to utensils, as if the meal had been whipped up by King Midas himself. “I even spray-painted his sparkling water gold to match the theme,” the doting mama described her brand of gilded gastronomy. The ritzy repasts were eaten up by social media gawkers with one commenting, “Happy Birthday Cruz!! Enjoy your day and your golden lunch.” Another wrote, “This WHOLE Golden Lunch situation is everything. Also, Happy Birthday!!” Cruz’s father Nathan repped his wife’s incredible b-day meal in a Facebook group titled “What’s in your lunchbox?,” the Sun reported. “I wanted to show you guys the 24K gold lunch my wife made for our son’s golden birthday,” explained the proud husband. However, some social skeptics wondered if it was a good idea to pack her child’s lunch with an item covered in potentially hazardous paint. “Hope she didn’t use spray paint,” one woman wrote, to which another replied: “I think that’s why the straw is included.” This isn’t the first time a gourmet parent has gone all out on her child’s midday meal. A Japanese schoolteacher went viral in 2020 after packing her daughter’s lunchbox with pop culture-inspired noshes, including a chocolate Chewbacca, an avocado Jabba the Hutt and a mouthwatering Winnie the Pooh comprised entirely of egg yolks.