Have you been searching for the best sleep of your life? Well, it’s your lucky day — or should we say night. Until March 1, you can score up to $700 off a Purple mattress plus a sleep bundle and up to 20% off accessories during the brand’s Presidents Day Sale. It’s all thanks to the iconic mattress that started it all — the Purple Mattress. The Purple Mattress is composted of a two-inch Purple Grid that features 2,000 open air channels made to keep you cool and help you land some much needed z’s. But the benefits don’t end there. The Purple Mattress is also designed to cradle your hips, shoulders and curves while giving your back full support. In the words of the Purple themselves, “It feels like you’re floating.” Better yet, the Purple Mattress has recently been upgraded to feature an all new durable SoftFlex cover. The cover moves with your body to tailor the unique benefits of the Purple Grid for optimal sleep. Newly added foam borders are also included to help facilitate secure sleeping and sitting positions. But the deal just got sweeter. Purple also guarantees a 100-night trial and 10-year limited warranty at no additional cost. So if you don’t love your sleep choice, Purple will pick up your order for free and facilitate a full refund. If Purple sounds like your ideal bedside buddy, then check out our top Presidents Day mattress deals from Purple below. Don’t forget to tack on sleep bundle findings such as Purple Harmony Pillows, Complete Comfort Sheets, a mattress protector, bed frame and more to score the highest deal possible. Trust us, you’ll be counting sheep in no time. Note that each mattress is available in six various sizes but the following prices are based on queen options. The Hybrid Mattress is currently marked down $200, making obtaining much needed sleep a breeze. Features include a GelFlex Grid, responsive support coils and cushioning transition foam. You can also look forward to increased airflow and durability. Save up to $600 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. The brand’s most popular combination of body-aligning, responsive support and cushioning comfort come together to create the Hybrid Premier 3 Mattress. The sleep-changing mattress includes three inches of ​GelFlex Grid and a layer of stainless steel coils. Save up to $650 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. Save $300 off the coveted Hybrid Premier 4 Mattress. It’s the brand’s thickest layer of GelFlex Grid and provides immense pressure relief. “It’s ideal for sleepers who want alignment paired with comfort that feels soft and cradling,” says the brand. Save up to $700 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. For $125 off of the ticket price, you can enjoy the best sleep ever with the help of Purple original mattress. Mattress features include two inches of breathable ​GelFlex Grid and a dual-layer comfort foam base you’ll fall in love with. Save up to $525 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. If you want to take the original Purple Mattress to the next level, the Purple Plus Mattress is the one for you. Complete with an extra layer of premium foam and topped with two inches of breathable ​GelFlex Grid, you’ll sleep the night away. Save up to $550 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. Little ones deserve comfortable sleep, too. Save $50 on this ultra comfy kid’s mattress designed to be even softer for younger kiddos. The mattress is made with the same Purple Grid but also comes ready with a kid-friendly machine washable cover. Save up to $175 by taking advantage of the complete sleep bundle. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.