Billy Eppler’s first front office hire as Mets general manager is a historic one. The team is hiring Elizabeth Benn as its director of major league operations, The Post’s Mike Puma confirmed. While the Mets have other women working in baseball operations, Benn becomes the department’s highest ranking female in club history. Benn has spent the past four-plus years working at Major League Baseball, starting as a youth programs and labor relations intern and working her way to her most recent position as a senior coordinator of baseball operations, which she’d held since February 2020, according to her LinkedIn page. Benn also worked as coordinator of labor relations, diversity & inclusion, and baseball development with MLB. The Toronto native, who owns a master’s degree in philosophy from Columbia University and has been an adjunct lecturer at Lehman College since 2016, also spent time as a baseball instructor with the Blue Jays in 2015. Benn is a pitcher herself, having played in a women’s league in Canada and, since 2016, the amateur New York City Metro Baseball League where she was the first woman to play in that league. Benn also played first base for the softball team at the University of Toronto, where she earned her bachelor’s in philosophy. She also was a coaching assistant for high school and middle school baseball and softball teams at DREAM, formally the Harlem RBI program. Eppler was hired as Mets GM in November and the team’s assistant general managers Bryn Alderson, Ian Levin and Ben Zauzmer were all promoted from within. Zauzmer was bumped up after Eppler’s arrival. Benn could function as another assistant general manager with the duties of her role running the gamut from roster and payroll to rules and compliance. She is the second notable woman hired by the Mets this offseason. Gretchen Aucoin, in a minor league role, was brought in as the first on-field female coach in franchise history. The Mets, before choosing Eppler, also requested in interviews with Red Sox assistant GM Raquel Ferreira and were interesting in talking to Yankees assistant GM Jean Afterman. Benn is also part of a growing number of women rising to prominent roles in baseball. Kim Ng of the Marlins become the first female GM in MLB history in 2020. The Giants’ Alyssa Nakken became the first full-time women’s coach in MLB history in 2020 and this season the Yankees’ Rachel Balkovec will became the first female to manage an MLB-affiliated minor league team.