Nicole Kidman may be a multitalented Oscar- and Golden Globe-winning actress, but she doesn’t identify as such. The “Being the Ricardos” Best Actress nominee, 54, revealed why she doesn’t like to refer to herself as a “movie star” in Vanity Fair’s upcoming 2022 Hollywood Issue (out on newsstands March 8). “I’m a little oddball. I’m in a state of just being willing to go with the flow,” she told the publication during the splashy shoot featuring her in both a sleek red evening gown and a denim bikini top and miniskirt. “I’m just still in that place of going, ‘I’m not quite sure what defines a movie star,’ ” the stunning mother of four added. “I still approach acting like I’ve just come out of drama school.” VF’s annual Tinseltown issue also highlights other A-list stars of the year such as Kristen Stewart, Idris Elba, Benedict Cumberbatch, Penélope Cruz, Andrew Garfield, Simu Liu and Michaela Jaé “Mj” Rodriguez. Stewart dazzled as Princess Diana in Pablo Larraín’s biopic “Spencer,” and the 31-year-old scored an Oscar nom for her efforts. She reflected on how she channeled the late Princess of Wales by making sure her battle with bulimia was “not glossed over.” “I couldn’t throw up on this movie, even when I really should have,” she said. “I felt like absolute s – – t, and I could not get it up, and I know it was because my body was just like . . . the idea of that was so untouchable.” And while Elba, 49, made his career starring in projects ranging from action flicks to rom-coms, he has also dipped his toes into he world of music and DJing. The “Harder They Fall” actor is hoping that a wider audience will take his music as seriously as they do his screen work. “Some may think, ‘Well, it will be the death of your acting if your music’s s – – t,’ ” he explains. “I’ve dealt with the internal struggle of that over the years. So now I’m at peace and I’ve chosen: This is what I’m doing, and I’m going to do it. Some will love it and some will hate it.” In his VF profile, Cumberbatch asked how Netflix was able to acquire the rights to “The Power of the Dog,” for which he garnered an Academy Award nomination. The Western was shown in just a few theaters before heading to the streaming service. “This is for Scott [Stuber] and Ted [Sarandos] and everyone who runs Netflix: Could you not afford to have a longer theatrical release?” Cumberbatch, 45, wondered to the outlet. “Maybe not. I don’t know. I’m positioning this as a question publicly in Vanity Fair. I haven’t actually had this conversation with them, but I would and I will.” Elsewhere in the gigantic Hollywood profile, Best Actress Oscar nominee Cruz explained how she prepared for her role in the drama “Parallel Mothers.” She cried very often, up to a point where her mom had to check in on her. “I told her, ‘Don’t worry’ — but I was worried,” Cruz, 47, recalled. “I pretended that I had things under control, but I was scared.” Garfield had a big year starring in projects such as “The Eyes of Tammy Faye,” “Spider-Man: No Way Home” and “Tick, tick . . . Boom!” The British screen star dished about what it was like to keep his appearance in the Marvel film on the down low. “I loved keeping it secret,” Garfield, 38, said. “I was able to get over my ethical, moral dilemma with whether this is a lie that is justifiable. Is this actually a lie, or is this just a fun gift I’m giving to people?” Rodriguez, 31, dished about her 2022 Golden Globe win for her role in the FX series “Pose.” “Child, it changed my whole perspective of how I saw myself and how I saw myself as an actress,” she gushes. “I just felt so seen.” Liu revealed to Vanity Fair that he still feels like an “outsider” in Hollywood, despite skyrocketing to fame in Marvel’s “Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.” “I’m starting to realize I don’t have to prove to anyone or myself that I deserve to be here,” the Canada native, 32, noted. “Taking up this space and being unapologetic — these things came a lot easier to me back in the day, when I didn’t have a seat at the table. I was playing a very different game, but I think I’m slowly finding that courage again.”