Quilts, shams, comforters and duvets — there are tons of bedding options to choose from, but if you’re in the market for a duvet and don’t know which one to buy, you’ve come to the right place. Although good quality duvets (and sheets!) can be expensive, after all, you spend a good amount of time sleeping, so it’s probably worth the investment. That being said, it’s also vital to do your research. In an effort to help you create the perfect oasis in your bedroom, we surfed the net for the most loved duvets, according to epic reviews. The best part? Our list includes options for as low as $26! Brands include Brooklinen, Parachute, Cozy Earth and more for those looking for crisp, luxurious duvets. Magic Linen (a brand that even Meghan Markle is a fan of) is known for its linen duvet covers, and according to reviews — you definitely don’t want to miss out! “I love my new linen duvet cover! The fabric is beautiful [and] the customer service at Magic Linen was great when I had a few questions before purchasing,” said one reviewer. “Everyone in the market for a beautiful white duvet color, get this one!” said another person. “It’s perfect and so comfortable.” Brooklinen’s bestselling Luxe Duvet Cover comes in many different colors and has more than 6,800 reviews. “This cover is so luxurious. I literally don’t want to get out of bed in the morning because I feel so cozy,” said one reviewer. “Absolute cocoon keeping me comfortable and just the right temperature throughout the night,” said another happy reviewer. “Couldn’t ask for better from a duvet.” The Buffy Eucalyptus Duvet is another internet favorite, specifically for hot sleepers! It’s hypoallergenic, naturally dyed and made of 100% eucalyptus fabric for a cooling sleep. “If you have night sweats, get these sheets! They are seriously the best and the only thing that has worked for me,” said one reviewer. “I am 53-years-old and have purchased many duvet and sheet sets over the decades. I can say without hesitation that this eucalyptus duvet — with its internal ties, beautiful buttons, calming light grey color and overall soft and luxurious feel — is by far the best duvet cover I have ever owned,” said another. Parachute Home’s Sateen Duvet Cover is made in Portugal from 100% premium, certified long-staple Egyptian cotton making this duvet ultra-soft and durable with a smooth feel that only gets better with time. “I did so much research and have owned several duvet covers. I ended up ordering the sateen duvet [and] it exceeded my expectations,” said a reviewer. “It’s beautiful and comfortable! Good quality. Very satisfied and can’t wait to order more Parachute products.” “Sateen duvet cover looks and feels great!” said one reviewer. For a great, budget-friendly option, you can’t go wrong with this Hotel Luxury Duvet set that has more than 24,000 reviews on Amazon.com! “This is a great duvet cover for a low price. It’s super soft and very lightweight,” said one reviewer. “My bed looks like I’m in a 5-star hotel room!” Cozy Earth’s Bamboo Duvet Cover is another great option if you’re okay with spending a bit more. “I’ve tried so many duvet covers and sheet sets and NOTHING compares to Cozy Earth! They are so soft and cool throughout the night,” said one happy shopper. “The bamboo duvet cover is extremely comfy, but most importantly lets me breathe overnight. I’ve been able to get some really deep, restful sleep since we started using it. The sheets and pillowcases are amazing too, not sure which we like best!” said another. This Bedsure Duvet Cover is another well-loved pick. It comes in 20 different colors and costs less than $30! “I didn’t have high expectations for this duvet cover because the price was so low but it had pretty good reviews so I decided to give it a try. I am beyond satisfied with this duvet cover!” said a reviewer. “I wasn’t sure how I would feel initially about the wrinkled look of the cover but it’s absolutely beautiful. Very vintage-like. The cover was oh so soft right out of the package but after two washes now it’s even softer.” For more recommendations, check out the New York Post shopping section.