US stocks surged on Friday as investors shook off concerns about a widening global crisis and intense military clashes between Russian troops and Ukrainian forces near the capital city of Kyiv. For now, they appear to see a green light to dip into risker assets, like stocks, as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose about 2.3% in midday trading — up more than 700 points. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was also modestly higher – about 1.1% — while the broad-based S&P 500 index about 1.8%. Investors may be reacting to the Kremlin’s declaration that Russian President Vladimir Putin is willing to send a delegation to negotiate with Ukrainian officials regarding the conflict. But markets remain subject to extreme volatility as fighting continues in Ukraine. “Whether this is true or not that was the catalyst to drive us up. We continue to be in a choppy headline driven market,” Dennis Dick, a proprietary trader at Bright Trading LLC, told Reuters. The markets also looked past government data which showed inflation is stilling running at decades-high levels. The personal consumption expenditures price index – the Fed’s preferred gauge for inflation – rose 6.1% in January, the most since 1982. The US benchmark for oil prices sank more than 2% to about $90 – a positive sign for now as experts warn the Ukraine-Russia conflict could eventually spark a global energy crisis. “There’s chaos on the ground, but there’s clarity on sanctions, and I think that’s where the market is taking some comfort,” said Jeff Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab, told CNBC. Stocks climbed Friday after a series of wild swings one day earlier. On Thursday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted more than 700 points after the opening bell, only to stage a surprising comeback and turn slightly positive by the closing bell. The Nasdaq rose more than 3% and the S&P 500 increased about 1.5% after starting lower. Investors appeared to react positively to the latest raft of sanctions implemented by the US, Europe and allies around the world, which targeted Russia’s financial institutions and state-sponsored businesses but were seen as less severe than some market onlookers had feared. Notably, the sanctions did not sever Russia’s access to the SWIFT international banking system — a step that economic analysts have warned would reverberate through the global economy — nor did they impact Russia’s energy sector. “It is too early to assume that the sanctions will force Russia to back down, or that any other nation will not get involved,” Charalambos Pissouros, head of research at JFD Group, told Reuters. “Thus, we prefer to treat yesterday’s recovery in risk assets as a corrective rebound and we see decent chances for another leg south.” Energy analysts say the price of oil could surge well beyond $100 per barrel in the coming weeks in the event of a prolonged conflict in Ukraine. Experts told The Post that US gas prices could reach $5 per gallon if Russia moves to curb oil exports in response to international sanctions. Investors are also watching closely to see how the Russia-Ukraine conflict and impact of economic sanctions will affect the Federal Reserve’s plans to fight inflation. The central bank is expected to raise interest rates in March for the first time in three years. The cryptocurrency market made a major rebound after initially trading off on the geopolitical crisis. Bitcoin was up more than 8% to $39,147, while Ethereum rose about 11% and Solana spiked 9%. Overseas markets also ticked higher in Friday trading. The FTSE 100 in London rose more than 2%, while the CAC 40 in Paris increased about 1.9%. Russian stocks increased more than 10%, one day after experiencing one of the most significant market crashes in the country’s history. With Post wires