Former Secretary of State John Kerry has been ripped for expressing hope that Vladimir Putin would “stay on track” in the fight against climate change in an interview that aired on the day the Russian strongman unleashed the invasion of Ukraine. Kerry, President Biden’s climate czar, made the comment during an interview Monday on BBC Arabic, Fox News reported, citing the Middle East Media Research Institute. The interview aired Wednesday, the day Russian forces attacked Ukraine across several fronts. “I’m concerned about Ukraine because of the people of Ukraine and because of the principles that are at risk, in terms of international law and trying to change boundaries of international law by force,” Kerry reportedly said. “I thought we lived in a world that had said no to that kind of activity. And I hope diplomacy will win. “But it could have a profound negative impact on the climate, obviously. You have a war and obviously you’re going to have massive emissions consequences to the war,” he said. “But equally importantly, you’re going to lose people’s focus, you’re going to lose certainly big country attention because they will be diverted and I think it could have a damaging impact,” Kerry continued. “So, you know, I think hopefully President Putin would realize that in the northern part of his country, they used to live on 66 percent of the nation that was over frozen land,” he said. “Now it’s thawing, and his infrastructure is at risk and the people of Russia are at risk,” Kerry added. “And so I hope President Putin will help us to stay on track with respect to what we need to do for the climate.” Although the former top US diplomat made the comments a couple days before Russia invaded Ukraine, he was blasted on social media for discussing climate change as a massive military attack by one country against another in Europe was about to commence. “Climate change religious zealot John Kerry is worried that the first major ground war in Europe in 80 years & #Putin’s threat of nuclear consequences is getting more attention than his climate agenda,” Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said on Twitter. Journalist and author Stephen Hayes mocked Kerry in a tweet, writing: “I hope President Putin will help us with respect to what we need to do to stay on track with the climate.” Ashe Short, senior editor of the Daily Wire, said in a tweet, “Kerry continues to prove he’s the most clueless politician.”