Astrology has been around for a very long time. This ancient technique has been used to predict the rise and fall of empires and royalty, as well as shed light on the evolution of humanity. As the planets dance within the sky, they mirror what happens here on Earth. That is what makes astrology a predictive tool — as well as one that can strategically be used to one’s advantage. For centuries, kings, queens, presidents, popes and normal people alike have consulted this ancient wisdom to ensure their greatest likelihood of success. With the great resurgence of astrology in pop culture — popularized by magazine horoscopes, social media and a greater interest in moving away from traditional spirituality in favor of an individualized, psychological approach to living life — astrology will continue to grow for decades to come. With a viral interest about 2/22/22 and the United States’ Pluto return, let’s dive into what this means for our nation — and the world. Every planet has its own orbit around the sun. Some planets move much more quickly — like Mercury or Venus. Mars, for instance, circles the sun in about two years. The outer planets — the ones much farther away — take a significantly longer time to circle the sun. Jupiter, for instance, takes about 12 years, with Saturn taking just under three decades. Pluto, however, takes 248 years to complete one full cycle around the sun. A planetary return is when a celestial body revisits the same exact place in the sky. Birth charts are a snapshot of the sky at the moment of inception of a person, union, nation, agreement, company or beyond. Thus, when a specific planet reunites with the exact same degree and zodiac sign it had been in a birth chart, we call this its exact return. For the faster-moving planets like Mercury, Venus or Mars, we would notice this energy very quickly, perhaps even just over a couple of days. Yet, for the much longer-orbiting planets like Pluto, the effects can be felt for many years prior to the return and linger for years after, as well. Whether or not astronomy considers Pluto a dwarf planet or fully-fledged planet doesn’t affect its classification in astrology. Yes, Pluto in astrology is a planet. Named after the Roman God of the underworld (also known as Hades in Greek mythology), Pluto is a planet of intensity, destruction, transformation and rebirth. In a sense, Pluto is like a phoenix — burning down what does not work in order to rise again. Plutonian energy is very often malefic — bringing forth dramatic and painful experiences in order to shed light on truth and bring us incredibly profound growth. On one hand, Pluto can provide tremendous opportunities for renewal, new beginnings and spiritual and financial growth. However, the negative aspects of this mighty planet often lead to obsession, victimization, domination, power struggles, tyrannical control, war and death. Pluto is known as the higher octave of Mars and rules the zodiac sign Scorpio. No human on Earth has ever experienced a Pluto return because our life spans are much shorter than the 248-year cycle of this mighty planet. However, empires and nations have experienced them — and many have seen multiple Pluto returns. While turmoil, scandals and times of upheaval often occur during a Pluto return, they often provide a very important turning point for the nation or empire to assess everything that it has created in the previous cycle while burning down what isn’t working to prepare for a whole new era. In history, we can see that the Roman Empire experienced its first Pluto return between 218 and 220 A.D. This period had dramatic leaders and intense shifts in power, along with significant scandal and death. The Roman Empire’s second Pluto return arrived between 461 and 468 A.D. — just eight short years prior to the official fall of the Roman Empire in 235 A.D. The British Empire experienced three transformational Pluto returns — one during the Great Famine in 1315 A.D., followed by another at the start of the Elizabethan era and arrival of the golden age of British literature, and the last during the official creation of the United Kingdom that took place in 1801. Other empires experienced similar phoenix moments: Spain underwent theirs in 1972 when dictator Francisco Franco relinquished power; France and Russia saw the deaths of Napoleon and Stalin during their Pluto returns, as well. Pluto will return to the exact same position it was in when the United States was born on three dates in 2022: Feb. 22, July 11 and Dec. 28. We have never experienced this before. However, the energy of this cosmic phenomenon has been felt for many years already: seen within the tumultuous clash between political parties, the COVID-19 pandemic, a widening gap between wealth and classism, and increased racial violence, police brutality and political corruption that led to the 2021 Capitol riots. While 2022 will further bring the Pluto return’s energy into crystallization, it is likely to still echo out for years and decades to come. While this period could bring further civil unrest, international friction and uncertainty about the path forward for the United States, there could also be some troubling news, scandals or fear that is caused near these times. Yet anything that happens now is to draw attention to what needs to be released and transformed within the United States and our world — as if the USA has an opportunity to reflect on its core purpose, go through a phoenix moment and rise again, brighter than ever before. Many empires experience a significant renaissance and period of prosperity and fortune after they pass through a Pluto return — especially once they’ve burned down what is impeding progress and societal evolution. As long as the USA is focused on truly building a better future for everyone, the decades ahead will be exceptionally bright. If not, more enemies will emerge internally — as well as on the world stage. Let us use this time to join together rather than succumb to darkness. Let us once again be the light of the world. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.