When perusing Sephora’s endless rows of beauty counters, each brand evokes something noteworthy: Charlotte Tilbury for its natural glow, KVD for its stay-all-day look and Anastasia Beverly Hills for its effortless Hollywood Glam finish. Bringing in more acclaimed for its line of bushy, intact brow products, Anastasia Beverly Hills is the major spotlight in an 800-seat theater — riveting, retro-chic and relatively affordable. As a full-time beauty lover (who writes about makeup and skincare, among other topics, for a living), I’m swept with a bounty of new formulas and shades to try. However, Anastasia Beverly Hills is in a class all of its own for its creamy contours and shimmering shades. “Our story is unique, from how the brand came to be to where we are today,” Claudia Soare, president of the brand with 1.6M Instagram followers, told The Post. “We have always been client-centric and that really drives us. Not only do we want to give you the best product, but we also want to make sure you know how to use it, regardless of skill level.” Luckily, Soare gives us a step-by-step glam tutorial using a full face of Anastasia Beverly Hills makeup. What’s more, you’ll hear my honest and detailed review of the 24 best Anastasia Beverly Hills products after testing them for up to five years (that’s right, big fan over here). Click to jump to the review: “I have quite a few favorite products but currently, I can’t live without Magic Touch Concealer,” Soare said. “I love it for quick, all-over coverage and perfecting my complexion. It gives you buildable coverage so it’s perfect for ‘no-makeup makeup’ days, as well as when I do full glam looks.” For complexion, start by applying the Luminous Foundation using the A30 Pro Brush. Start in the center and use stippling motions to build coverage in desired areas. Use the Magic Touch Concealer in areas you want to brighten or conceal. For warmth and definition, pack on the Cream Bronzer using the A30 Pro Brush to your cheekbones, temples, forehead and jawline. Complement the hue with the Stick Blush directly to the center of the cheek, blending upwards toward the hairline using the brush. To set the first part of your look, use the Loose Setting Powder. Apply the Iced Out Highlighter to the high points of the face using the A23 Pro Brush. Then, use the Dewy Set Setting Spray and voila. I have been drawn to Anastasia Beverly Hills since high school, when I first started taking my brow game seriously. When browsing its elegant rows of polished products, I thought to myself Why do Sephora shoppers only come here for brows? The truth is, its dreamy offerings span much more than above your pupils. I began trying the brand one by one right before my junior prom, picking up the liquid foundation and a simple baby pink gloss. It wasn’t until I landed at the New York Post and started working with the brand more closely that I found myself completely immersed in a good chunk of its offerings — enjoying my routine of using a full face of Anastasia on most days. Ahead, I pulled the 24 products I vow are some of the most stunning and complimentary formulas and shades for both everyday wear and evening glam alike. Think Marilyn Monroe meets Sephora — classic, defined and absolutely alluring. As the brand’s No. 1 bestselling product, its Brow Wiz can’t be beaten for precision and creating that natural effect. “It’s an ultra-slim pencil perfect for creating extra-definition and hair-like detail to any brow,” Soare adds. Specifically, I find it’s best for covering sparse patches toward the beginning of my brow, directly above the bridge of my nose. Not to mention, the spooly brush on the flipside is great for tossing in your tote bag even when the product runs out. Before using the brand’s Brow Freeze Styling Wax, I never fully understood the point of brow-setting products of any kind. After all, they’re just your eyebrows and if you fill them in, that should be enough. But, a little bit of this product dabbed with your fingertip is all you need to lock them in place, all day at that. “It’s great for a natural, feathered look or a bold, laminated look,” Soare adds. A treasured palette by many Anastasia Beverly Hills fans, the Soft Glam made the cut in our best eyeshadow palettes review and is arguably the perfect bundle for beginners. The full-pigment formulas are buttery soft and extremely blendable too, favorites being “Tempera,” “Orange Soda” and “Rose Pink.” Per Soare, it’s a “must-have, neutral eyeshadow palette for everyday to night makeup looks, from soft to smoky.” As an avid watcher of any makeup tutorial under the sun in my middle and high school days (and even now), this Contour Kit was in everyone’s arsenal — and for a good reason. It has six essential tones to highlight and define exactly how you want to. Plus, Soares shared it’s one of Anastasia’s top five most-sold products. You can’t complete your look without a dashing highlight and one sweep of the brand’s Iced Out Highlighter is all you need. It’s not too shiny or translucent on the skin, either. “This is a universal, gold highlighter in an ultra-smooth formula for a lit-from-within radiance,” Soare notes. “It can be applied over bare skin or on top of makeup for soft to intense glow.” Ah, the product that has had its own spot on my makeup vanity for quite a few years. What’s great about the Luminous Foundation’s formula is its vast shade range, buildable coverage and hydrating, locked-in coverage. It’s truly a high-end staple and not even $40. “It instantly masks imperfections, uneven texture and discoloration while still looking like skin,” Soare chimes in. Though there’s an intense offering of makeup brushes available to choose from, there’s nothing quite like the A30 Domed Kabuki Brush Anastasia has in its repertoire. It’s perfectly dense for buffing, slightly tapered on top for blending and an all-around great tool to reach for. “This is a medium, round kabuki brush with synthetic fibers ideal for applying liquid and cream products,” Soare explains. “The multi-tasking tool that can be used to apply and blend quickly and easily for a seamless finish.” As the best concealer for dark spots (reviewed and established), the brand’s new Magic Touch Concealer is a treat to use. With a large applicator — similar to Tarte’s popular Shape Tape dough foot — you’ll be able to cover up and highlight without a hassle. Plus, it doesn’t cake up dry skin (a huge bonus). “This lightweight, creamy formula provides medium to full coverage with a second-skin finish,” Soare notes. “In 25 versatile shades, it’s great for all-over coverage, spot-concealing or correcting.” I must be honest — at first, I had no idea how to apply cream bronzers. After using this product for months, I can now say — with confidence — that it’s one of the most beautiful, natural finishes that I apply to my forehead, on my chin and adjacent to my blush. Plus, it’s long-lasting. For some, using loose setting powder simply sounds like a mess waiting to happen. But, this product keeps its finishing touch neatly secured in its tub. “It’s an easy-to-use, silky-smooth formula for setting makeup in place,” Soare said. “Available in five shades for versatility in setting, it’s great for brightening and color-correcting.” What’s more, I find it works well in both setting my foundation concealer and simply spot correcting as needed. Contrary to the brand’s No. 1 bestselling Brow Wiz, the Brow Powder Duo is my favorite brow product in this edit (though I do love the slim pencil). However, this one is the most bang for your buck, lasting longer and allowing you to produce an ombre effect: lighter at the top of your brows and darker toward the tail. Not to mention, the pressed powder formula can even double as an eyeshadow and the duo is available in a variety of color pairings to suit your complexion. Truth be told, Anastasia’s Mini Eye Primer doesn’t get as much love as it should. For one, it’s incredibly compact — perfect for your travel makeup bag — and a little bit of it goes a long way. “This water-resistant primer creates the perfect canvas for any type of eye look,” Soare said. “The light-colored base enhances vibrancy and color payoff” Note: be sure to blend carefully and avoid heavy use of the product; excess can make your outer corners appear goopy. But, to your benefit, this primer is void of that watery, streaky feel, so that’s a huge check for this little guy. Before recommending the brand’s Liquid Liner, what I will say about this product is that you have to be comfortable applying liquid liner in general. It’s not the easiest to use as the liner tip is rather flexbile, so there’s the quick little disclaimer. However, when you get the hang of it, it’s truly a favorite of mine. It’s one of the only in my collection that creates that super fine line to enhance your eyes. Soare appreciates it for being “waterproof, full-pigment and a true-black matte liquid liner.” If you want that pumped-up effect, Anastasia’s Lash Brag is up for the job. My lashes literally soar with this product (and that’s without a lash curler)! The $25 price is spectacular for the quality, too. “The hour-glass-shaped brush is easy-to-use and separately coats each lash for full-bodied lashes,” Soare adds. To her point, “full-bodied” is right on the money. What’s great about Anastasia’s new lipsticks is how they’re come in both matte and satin to appeal to your desired look. I’ve always been a fan of the particular shape of the brand’s lipsticks (aside from the dreamy, Hollywood-inspired packaging, of course). The shades “Praline,” “Tease” and “Sugar Plum” are my favorites, the latter working exceptionally well for darker skin tones. I’m not much of a red-lipstick wearer, though I have to say “American Doll” is a shade that works especially great on fair skin. “These smooth, creamy formulas have full-pigment color that lasts,” Soare attests. “There’s also a wide range of essential nude and bold shades.” Spoiler alert: I’m currently testing the best setting sprays and Anastasia’s Dewy Set already made the cut. I adore its packaging that’s both glitter-embossed and practical with its covered, twist-to-spritz maneuver. It also doesn’t smear your makeup, which is key! Another thing: the subtle, fresh fragrance actually does something, as opposed to other setting sprays that feel like you’re giving your face a light covering of water. With this, I trust my makeup to stay on for at least eight hours. “This water-based, coconut-vanilla-scented setting spray sets makeup with a dewy, radiant finish (never oily),” Soare explains. “It’s perfect for prepping the skin before makeup application, setting makeup in place and refreshing throughout the day.” Much like cream contour, I’ve never been one to adamantly use lip liner. But, the color Dusty Rose is something I never want away from my reach. Not only is it buttery smooth to apply but it defines your lips just the right amount to pair with your lipstick. “It’s a full-pigment, matte lip pencil for shaping and contouring lips with precision,” Soare notes. “You can wear all over your lips for long-lasting color or pair with lipstick.” Who loves a good multipurpose product for your brows and eyes? Well, I do, and nothing is better than the brand’s oh-so-popular DipBrow Pomade. Using an angled brush, I often sweep the formula onto the outer corners of my eyes for a more natural-looking, smudged-out look that compliments my light eye color. For the brows: it delivers just the amount of coverage on sparse spots to take your brow game from a C to an A+. “This full-pigment, waterproof formula is one you can use to fill and detail your brows,” Soare mentions. “It’s great for creating hair-like texture and definition.” If you want a light flush to your eyes and cheeks, consider the Primrose Eye Shadow Palette. Not only are the five shadows beautifully sparkly and matte but the “Grapefruit” blush and “Saddle” bronzer complements the shadows to a T. “This all-in-one palette is perfect for creating on-the-go to ultra-glam looks,” Soare highlights. “You get almost 200% more product than our original palettes.” Anastasia’s Modern Renaissance Eye Shadow Palette is my absolute favorite 14-pack of all time, clad with the richest colors and textures. “Tempera” is always worn on my lids with “Raw Sienna” in my crease and “Love Letter” on the outer corner for when I’m out for the evening. “It features neutrals to bold pops of color for creating soft to bold, artistic looks,” Soare said. “Its full-pigment formulas are easy-to-apply and blend.” Not to mention, the included brush is absolutely divine and one of the best palette brushes I’ve used. While the Norvina Eye Shadow Palette seems quite colorful and bold for the neutral-shadow-wearing individual, its purples, pinks and unique browns are unstoppable and some of my most-used. Not to mention, you get two lid shades instead of one. “This palette features a wide range of matte and metallic finishes for limitless artistry and dimension,” Soare adds. I’m a sucker for cream blush these days and Anastasia’s Stick Cream Blush offers a gorgeous finish that is ultra blend-able. Shades “Latte” and “Peachy Keen” are especially delightful. “This ultra-lightweight cream blush melts into skin and gives you radiant, natural-looking color for a fresh-faced look,” Soare explains. “It’s perfect to wear over bare skin or layered over foundation.” As one of my favorite clear lip glosses, the Diamond Lip Gloss is truly an unbeatable, universal color. Its perfect hint of glimmer is one I always dab onto the center of my bottom lip for a glamorous shine, too — regardless of what lipstick I’m sporting. Soare adores that it applies smooth, too, which is a lovely feature of this formula. Yes, Anastasia has her own tweezers and the brow-shaper is dynamite, sharp and of the best quality. It’s also irritation-free, void of redness in between your brows and ultra-precise. “These salon-quality stainless steel eyebrow tweezers have a slant tip and are perfect for precise hair removal and pro-quality brow grooming,” Soare adds. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.