Former President Donald Trump is preparing for his return to social media — posting his first message on a beta version of his eagerly awaited new platform, TRUTH Social. “Get ready! Your favorite president will see you soon,” Trump wrote in a message that was shared by his son Donald Trump Jr. on Twitter, the site that TRUTH Social aims to displace. The shared screenshot once again made the former president a trending topic on the social media giant that banned him from using it even while he was in the White House. “Time for some Truth!!!’ Donald Jr. wrote Tuesday night, getting nearly 47,000 likes by early Wednesday. The site is expected to officially launch as early as Monday — Presidents’ Day — according to its listing on Apple’s App Store, which mercilessly teases Twitter and its former CEO Jack Dorsey. Mocked-up screenshots from the site advertise the user “Jack’s Beard” with the handle @Jack, the one Dorsey has on the site he co-founded. The pretend messages used to advertise TRUTH Social show the @Jack account telling someone to remove a powerful user’s account and posts, a clear nod to Trump’s controversial removal from Twitter. “Are you sure you want to do that? I mean it’s a pretty big deal censoring that content. Kinda an overreach … right?” the other pretend user, @Jane, replies. “JUST TAKE IT DOWN,” replied @Jack with an angry emoji. TRUTH Social is already allowing people to sign up for alerts for when the social media platform advertised as “America’s ‘Big Tent'” launches. The platform promises to encourage “open, free, and honest global conversation without discriminating against political ideology.” Other images of Trump’s profile were shared on Twitter by others involved in the beta testing, including Liz Willis, the vice president of operations at Right Side Broadcasting Network. A screenshot she shared showed similarities to Trump’s former Twitter account, with Trump even using the same headshot. His profile had a red tick for verification, as opposed to Twitter’s blue one, and a section for “Truths & Replies” instead of the rival’s “Tweets & replies.” “Beta testing the new ‘Truth Social’ app and all I can say is, y’all are going to LOVE it! ” Willis insisted, calling Trump’s impending return to messaging a sign that “the world is healing.” “I can’t wait for everyone to join me!” she wrote. While Trump’s supporters have been eagerly awaiting the delayed platform since it was announced in November, not everyone was impressed with just how closely it appeared to mirror Twitter. “So basically a Twitter clone,” a self-confessed “Annoying Liberal” wrote, while others questioned whether the rival site would have patents preventing anyone from mirroring its interface. Others shared memes from screenshots of the beta Trump homepage next to his pre-ban one on Twitter. “Can I copy your homework?” one of the memes asked, with the reply, ““Sure, just don’t make it obvious.”