Regardless if you’re jogging into the new year with a burst of energy or taking this winter to relax and recuperate, one thing’s for certain: Your favorite pair of sweatpants have been there for you through it all — and it’s time for an upgrade. Joggers, the fashionable sibling of the comfy pants, are a wardrobe staple for both active and sedentary lifestyles — or a mix of the two as the lines between home gym, home office and home sofa are blurred. Like leggings, the cuffed sweatpants come in all shapes and sizes — and are designed for all shapes and sizes of women, too. From a basic black pair for running errands to pajama-style joggers and even those made of leather or velour, there is surely something for everybody that looks and feels great. In search of the best joggers in every category I could think of, I scoured the internet and solicited advice from trendier friends than I, coming up with the ultimate list from 10 brands and across 13 categories. In the battle of the best fit, joggers are a bit easier to judge than leggings, as there aren’t as many opportunities for see-through booties or waistband roll-down. But, it was crucial to ensure each jogger stayed put in the waist and ankle and were suitable for both lounging and workouts. Take a look at the list below, or use the menu to jump to your favorite brands, from lululemon and Calvin Klein to Vuori, Gymshark and more. Trust me, the sweats you’re wearing while reading this article will thank you for their retirement after this long year of wear, and you deserve a cozy new start. If Oprah loves this brand, we had to have them, too. Cozy Earth is one of those brands that I had heard of for bedding, but not for loungewear, so I was thrilled when I found joggers on their site, in addition to sleepwear, socks and more. They only have one pair for women, so I ordered the Bamboo Jogger Pant in a size large to try it out. Right off the bat, I noticed they are very size inclusive, offering a range from XS to XXXL and a size chart on site to be sure of your fit before you buy. Like the title promised, these joggers were silky soft to the touch, and felt like a pajama-jogger hybrid but thick enough that I felt comfortable wearing them out of the bedroom. The navy color was also great for styling, and they come in other shades as well like black, white, gray and a darker gray, too. While they are on the pricey side, they do make for an excellent gift. Pro tip: they come in a really luxe linen bag with a zipper, which is an added incentive as they are ready to gift as soon as they arrive in the mail. From the outside, these lululemon joggers appear to be a sturdy pair of black cotton joggers. The inside, however, is made of a cotton fleece fabric, which translates to soft and warm but also lightweight should you choose to work out in them. The waistband sat directly on my waist and didn’t fall down nor dig into my post-holiday love handles while sitting. They also feature a drawstring, making them easy to adjust and come in three other colors. The cuffed ankles landed at just the right spot — and even at my towering stature of a whopping 5’3”, not having bunches of fabric around my feet feels great. As for extras, when putting my phone in the right-hand pocket, I found a hidden gem: A mini mesh pocket inside the pocket, great storage to stash a credit card or keys when running errands, out running or in the yoga studio. Fashion should be made for all, big or small, tall or short and really everywhere in between. That’s Girlfriend Collective’s thought process, too, which is why their joggers are super size-inclusive, ranging from an XXS to a 6XL. I ordered a size large, but honestly could have gotten away with a medium or an XL, as they stretch to fit your body but not at the expense of looking too tight or feeling constricting. They also come with pockets, which we all know is an added bonus in women’s clothing. The joggers are also as nice to your body as they are to the planet, as they are made from 91% recycled plastic bottles (RPET) and 9% spandex for that stretch we talked about above. They come in the pictured gray color as well as in black, navy, dark purple and dark green. If you can’t decide between leggings and joggers, why not have both at the same time? This pair from Vuori came recommended to me by coworkers and friends as the softest pants on the planet. They’re super soft and lightweight like leggings but have a waistband and ankle cuffs like joggers. The fabric is moisture-wicking, great for high-intensity workouts, hot yoga or sitting super close to the fire when relaxing at home. The Daily Joggers come in two colors, the green oregano color and a hazel purple, and sizes range from XS to XL. Size up for a looser jogger look or size down for a legging fit. Never decide again between a pair of baggy sweatpants and their stylish jogging relative again, or compromise when it comes to pockets a lá cargo pants. This pair from Alo Yoga has takes the mid-rise waistband with a traditional pull drawstring of sweatpants and comnbines it with the trademark thicker cuff of a jogger, all wrapped up in an unbelievably soft tri-blend fleece. But what elevates these pants from good to great is the cargo part of the design. Four different pockets down the legs have accent fabric for a retro look. However, the backside has fake flap pockets, made for fashion rather than function. Sorry, fellow back pocket lovers. Like all things from Spanx, if you want a confidence-boost and a stylish pair of pants all rolled into one, look no further than these joggers. I went with my normal size, and while they fit, I could have easily sized up for a baggier jogger look. For this joggers-as-pants category, my normal size was perfect, especially paired with my favorite sweater and a pair of winter booties. The fit of these pants enhances your curves, boosting the butt even though they still had the style of looser joggers. The waistband was also super slimming since Spanx always manages to incorporate its shapewear magic into clothing. The cuffs at the ankles are tight and stayed put when hiked up tucked into boots without the bunching. I was almost shocked to see just how deep the pockets were and didn’t even pucker when faced with an iPhone XR in one and headphones in another. The Rest Day Sweats Joggers set from Gymshark combines a substantial cotton blend with an oversized fit perfect for rest day and a trip home from the gym once you’re all tired out. I loved the weight of the set, as it felt cozy enough to lounge in all day, but not too bulky or hot as with a typical sweatshirt outfit. The matching sweatshirt is not only a perfect companion to the joggers but a wardrobe essential. I love a good kangaroo front pocket, so that was a win for me. It does run on the larger size, so size down if you’re wanting a more true-to-size style, or stay with your normal Gymshark sizing if you love the oversized look. The two items both come in sizes ranging from XS to XL, so feel free to mix and match depending on your body type, which I certainly did. For reference, I ordered a size Large for the hoodie and an XL for the joggers, but could have sized down in each for a less oversized fit. My biggest mistake was reviewing these in the morning, because all I wanted to do after putting them on was crawl right back into bed. From Yummie, these slim-leg joggers are the perfect pair to wear to bed or even all day. Made of French terry fabric, they’re ultra-lightweight and breathable, for a cool night’s sleep. Both the joggers and matching T-shirt are a bit on the see-through side, so be sure to wear flesh-toned undergarments when venturing out of the house. The waistband isn’t too tight and the ankles are comfortably snug without cutting off circulation. They offer sizes up to a 2XL, which is great for inclusivity as well as those that want a loose pair of PJ’s to curl up in. Sherpa is having a moment, so of course Amazon has a pair we needed to try out. These women’s joggers come from Amazon’s own fashion label The Drop, which we reviewed separately and loved. This pair of pants comes in two colors, but we couldn’t resist the sheep-like beige color and chose those to test. They came super quickly with 2-day shipping and right out of the package felt soft and cozy. I ordered a size XXL to be safe, but overshot and would have been happy with an XL or even a Large, so be advised that they do run on the larger side. I fixed this by rolling the waistband down, which also adds some style if you’re into that. Another mentionable aspect of the joggers are of course, pockets. These have two side pockets and very deep ones at that, easily fitting my iPhone with room to spare. They do not have a drawstring at the waist though, so keep that in mind when sizing up or down, as they do have a loose fit. Pocket lovers, take note. From Old Navy’s activewear collection, these cargo-style joggers are the solution for the women’s pocketless problem plaguing our pants. To start with their best quality — pockets, duh — they have a total of four: Two normal pockets on the thighs, and two flap-patch cargo pockets on both legs. They are all deep enough for an iPhone XR and appear to have enough room to hold the largest models, as well. When loading up the pockets with a phone, keys, headphones and the contents of my desk, the waistband didn’t buckle too much under pressure. The zippered cuffs at the ankle allow for customization and some more air flow but don’t make the cuffs any tighter. The joggers are made with a perfect combination of fabrics for runners and fast-walkers, using both a StretchTech fabric for movement, UV sun protection and quick-drying powers, as well as a super lightweight mesh lining for comfort and breathability. Jogging #InMyCalvins. Absolutely. These graffitied Calvin Klein joggers are cute enough for streetwear with the logo brushed on the side, comfortable enough for staying in on a cold night and the cotton blend makes them super soft and lightweight. To combine them all, these joggers are a great way to bridge the gap between at-home loungewear and fashionable streetwear. Depending on how cold it is, these are a great pair to throw on for your daily trip to the store, the mall or wherever else you need to go in comfort, adding a sprinkle of style to the day, too. The pants come in both the snowy white and a light gray as well, and both pairs feature the Calvin Klein logo in a black or white brushstroke up the leg. For sizing, I found my normal size to be a great happy medium between a form-fitting pant and looser joggers, but for those who want a true jogger fit, consider sizing up. The waistband fits above the hips for a high waist fit. When looking up the definition of cozy, these joggers should be the only definition listed. From Athleta, these joggers are more than worthy of the “double cozy” name, as both the outside and the inside has the ultra-soft velour feel. The waistband on these joggers is another highlight, as the mid-rise band is thick, which means it stays put and smoothes. The pants have deep pockets large enough to hold an iPhone XR and a pair of AirPods. The cuffs at the bottom of the leg are also made of elastic, and can be pulled up for a cropped look or be left alone. These fluffy joggers are not just great for a lazy day, but great for the planet as well, since they’re made from a recycled poly fabric sourced from post-consumer plastic bottles. What was once plastic bottles are now my go-to pants for cozy nights at home. The pants currently come in two colors, black and an off-white, and range in size from an XXS to an XL. The white pair also come in sizes ranging from 1XL to 3XL. While we aren’t able to travel as much right now, these joggers are great for even the shortest of distances (even from the fridge to the couch, if that’s your destination). lululemon’s On The Fly Woven joggers are made with a wrinkle-free fabric called “Woven,” and when put to the ultimate test of going through the postal service, they didn’t have any creases or lines when removed from the package. Pockets are travel essentials and these pants have two pockets on either side. However, the best travel perk is the hidden mesh pocket, the perfect size for a credit card or ID, inside the right pocket. For travelers on long-haul trips, the waistband and ankle cuffs are comfortable, even when sitting for long periods of time, but fit snugly like leggings. Note: At time of update, the On The Fly Woven joggers were out of stock. Love the look? Try the Dance Studio High-Rise Jogger for a similar style and feel! Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.