Another weekend, another raft of horrors: How many will it take for the Democrats who run the Legislature to pass the modest reforms Mayor Eric Adams requests? On Sunday, police say, career criminal Assamad Nash stalked and stabbed to death Christina Yuna Lee, 35, in her Chinatown apartment, with chilling footage captured on security cameras. Nash has racked up at least 10 arrests since 2012. Saturday night saw two men shot fatally in The Bronx. Friday brought a shoplifting incident turned violent in Manhattan as the thief attacked a female Duane Reade employee, plus an apparent anti-Jewish hate crime in Brooklyn. Driving it all is the progressive soft-on-crime ideology, district attorneys committed to not enforcing the law and legislators determined to keep lawbreakers out of jail. Christina Yuna Lee’s alleged killer, as noted, has a long rap sheet for petty crime. He was most recently arrested in January for damaging MetroCard machines across Manhattan. Prior to that, he was released after allegedly punching a man in a subway station. In short, a textbook example of someone graduating from small crimes to large. And meeting no real resistance along the way. (He may be mentally ill, but New York’s progressives are committed to keeping the dangerously troubled on the streets, too.) Lawmakers and pols know the policies now in place enable crime. Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg has spent the past weeks reluctantly ceding only the most outrageous of his directives. The Legislature’s leaders, meanwhile, refuse to make fundamental fixes to the no-bail and Raise the Age laws. And so city crime rises on: Shootings up 30% over 2021; rapes and robberies, 35%; grand larceny, 62%. Accused felons with felony priors who get released under the no-bail law routinely get caught re-offending within months, as every potential Nash is basically encouraged to get worse. Progressives’ only priority is the safety of alleged criminals. Thus , alleged attempted murderer Darius Mungin was cut loose from Rikers this month after Bragg’s prosecutors — called “very sympathetic” by Mungin’s lawyer — worked to lower his bond, citing concerns over his safety in the prison. What of the safety of law-abiding citizens? But the only action the progs give us is trivial stuff like the new plan to check inbound bus riders for guns at Port Authority. Nothing works if you refuse to get the bad guys off the streets.