They’re remembering an old friend. The cast of the iconic 1990s ABC sitcom “Full House” is slated to reunite at ’90s Con in March — just two months after pal and beloved costar Bob Saget‘s death, according to E! News. Saget portrayed “TV’s Dad” and family patriarch Danny Tanner on the show. He was found dead in his hotel room in Orlando on Jan. 9. He was 65. The nostalgia-filled convention will take place in Hartford, Connecticut, from March 11 to 13. “Full House” stars Dave Coulier, Candace Cameron Bure, Andrea Barber and Scott Weinger are set to appear at the convention. “We’re so close, that whenever and wherever we get together it’s like a family reunion,” Coulier told E! about the pending get-together. “This may sound kind of sappy, but we really do love each other. We’ve been through everything together — births, deaths, marriages, divorces, our shows being picked up and canceled. We’re a real family on and off camera.” Following Saget’s passing, the cast released a joint statement about the loss. “Thirty-five years ago, we came together as a TV family, but we became a real family. And now we grieve as a family. Bob made us laugh until we cried,” they said via Instagram. “Now our tears flow in sadness, but also with gratitude for all the beautiful memories of our sweet, kind, hilarious, cherished Bob. “He was a brother to us guys, a father to us girls and a friend to all of us,” the statement continued. “Bob, we love you dearly. We ask in Bob’s honor, hug the people you love. No one gave better hugs than Bob,” the statement concluded, alongside the names of the cast members. Authorities believe that the “America’s Funniest Home Videos” host collapsed in his hotel bathroom at Florida’s Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes hotel and struck his head on the marble floor. He then went to sleep, lost consciousness again and died. Other memorable ensembles from the past that will appear at next month’s convention include “Sabrina the Teenage Witch,” “Family Matters,” “Boy Meets World” and “Hocus Pocus.”