The former head of the NYPD’s Sergeants Benevolent Association allegedly embezzled hundreds of thousands of dollars from the union to fund his “lavish lifestyle,” officials said Wednesday. Ed Mullins, 60, is accused of charging hundreds of personal high-end meals to the union since 2017 and using members’ dues to pay for jewelry, clothing and home appliances, according to federal officials.Mullins even allegedly used the funds to pay for a relative’s college, federal officials say. “As alleged, Edward Mullins, the former President of the SBA, abused his position of trust and authority to fund a lavish lifestyle that was paid for by the monthly dues of the thousands of hard-working Sergeants of the NYPD,” US Attorney for the Southern District Damian Williams said.In total since 2017, Mullins submitted more than $1 million in expense reports, the bulk of which was allegedly illegally obtained, feds say. Mullins turned himself in Wednesday morning to FBI officials, nearly five months after agents raided his home and union offices. He pleaded not guilty in Manhattan federal court Wednesday afternoon and was silent as he left the courthouse in a blue-gray suit on $250,000 bond. His travel is limited to the lower New York State area. Federal authorities allege Mullins submitted phony expense reports to get reimbursements from union members’ dues through the SBA’s expense account. In addition to making the union foot the bill for his personal meals, he also inflated the cost of bills and pocketed the remainder, the feds allege. In one case, he allegedly changed a $152.42 charge at a Long Island deli to $352.42 in August 2020, according to the indictment. The former sergeant would also allegedly change the vendor on his expense reports to appear business-related, the indictment reads. In April 2021, Mullins submitted an expense reimbursement from a $658.88 bill at an Italian restaurant in Manhattan, when in actuality, he charged $185.88 at a Long Island supermarket, according to the indictment. Mullins resigned from his spot as union head and filed for retirement in the days following the raids in October of last year. The SBA then hired an independent accounting firm to review its finances. Mullins was also given a two-month punishment on his way out for a trio of offensive tweets as part of an internal disciplinary process.