This is the terrifying moment a monster wave caused by Storm Dudley smashed through a ferry window, sending passengers fleeing for their safety. Harrowing footage captured on a ferry in Hamburg, Germany, shows passengers getting thrashed around by gigantic ocean swirls as Storm Dudley batters much to the country. At one moment, a massive wave smashes through the front windows of the boat, demolishing one passenger and flooding the entire cabin. The wave was so powerful, you can hear the window break under its G-force. Screams could be heard as passengers scrambles to evacuate the cabin. The footage, shared on Twitter, was accompanied by another video showing what appears to be a rescue vessel battling against mega force winds. It comes as Storm Ylenia engulfed most of northern Germany this morning, with winds reaching speeds of 94 mph, according to DW news. Authorities have advised people to stay indoors and to stay away from buildings, scaffolding and power lines. Germany’s national rail operator Deutsche Bahn and airway Lufthansa have canceled services as a result of the worsening conditions, with disruptions set to last through to Saturday. Winds also destroyed a drive-in test center in Germany, according to Bild, and schools in the country’s south shut on Thursday. And the Eble River, which flows through Hamburg, rose to 2 meters higher than usual. There have been no reports of injuries so far. Those looks for respite from the weather could be waiting a while longer as Storm Eunice threatens to blast the UK, the Benelux countries, and Germany with winds in excess of 100 mph and heavy snow blizzards from Friday. Brits have been told to not travel on Friday as forecasters predict this could be one of the worst storms in recent years. Forecasters have told Brits to brace for flying debris and damage to buildings and homes – as roofs tiles and power lines are expected to be brought down. A Cobra emergency committee will meet on Thursday to discuss the response to Storm Dudley and Storm Eunice, the Government said. It comes as Storm Dudley leaves a path of destruction across Britain. Last night left homes and cars wrecked with 100 mph gales – with Brits waking up this morning to debris in their gardens. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.