The Cardinals-Kyler Murray situation continues to get more bizarre, with the most recent development transitioning the struggle from passive-aggression to straight up aggression. The star quarterback’s agent Erik Burkhardt released a statement, per ESPN’s Adam Schefter, that called on the Cardinals to “commit” to Murray as the franchise quarterback by accepting his contract extension proposal, which the organization reportedly received last week. The same report claims that the Cardinals have not countered Murray’s offer yet and follows a report that said that the young QB and the Cardinals were “moving forward.” The lengthy letter, which states that the intention is for Murray to be “direct with loyal Arizona Cardinals fans and the great community of the Valley” claims that the 24-year-old “wants to be your long term QB” and “‘desperately wants to win the Super Bowl.” The statement discusses the Cardinals’ results since Murray was drafted No. 1 overall in the 2019 NFL Draft, which Burkhardt described as “increasingly positive.” Following an 11-6 season, the Cardinals fell to the Rams, 34-11, in the wild-card round. Arizona is the only team in the league to have improved by three or more wins in the past three seasons and earned its first playoff berth in five years this season. In 2018, Arizona’s offense ranked worst in the NFL and the team went 3-13. However, in order to compete at a postseason level, the statement says that the Cardinals need to back Murray and consider his extension proposal as a “real commitment from the organization.” “Looking ahead, Kyler believes that in order to consistently compete for championships, and ultimately deliver the Valley their first Super Bowl in 33+ years, there needs to be long term stability for both the organization and himself,” the letter states. Burkhardt’s statement claims that the contract extension lowers Murray’s salary cap value to “allow the Cardinals to re-sign other deserving teammates and additional free agents.” Murray is a two-time Pro Bowler and has played a large role in the Cardinals’ success, however, recently tensions have arose between the quarterback and the franchise. Murray wiped his social media of all mentions of the Cardinals and was reportedly blasted as “egotistical” and “immature” by NFL insiders.