PORT ST. LUCIE — Additional players almost certainly will be added to the Mets roster once the lockout concludes, and manager Buck Showalter acknowledged Friday that another outfielder could be a consideration. The Mets already signed free agents Starling Marte and Mark Canha this offseason to join Brandon Nimmo in the outfield, but beyond that there is haziness: Dominic Smith and Jeff McNeil can play the outfield, but are also trade candidates. “[The outfield] is something we have talked about, where we are,” Showalter said, referring to his conversations with general manager Billy Eppler. “We are on the same page with everything where that is concerned. It’s a scenario that we are examining to see if we feel comfortable with it. We’re always going to look within first.” Showalter isn’t supposed to discuss major league players during the lockout, but at one point he slipped and said “if” Michael Conforto signs with another team. It could be the manager just misspoke, but it also left room to wonder if the door could be ajar for a Conforto return. Conforto declined the Mets’ qualifying offer and remains a free agent. Once the lockout concludes, there will be a game of musical chairs for players to sign contracts, and that could benefit the Mets if they hope to re-sign Conforto to a short deal. The ratification of the universal designated hitter would create additional at-bats that could justify adding another high-end bat. Showalter said he expects the DH to benefit the Mets. “In years past maybe it was an advantage not to have one the way the club was constructed,” Showalter said. “But the way it looks like we are going to be, I think it will fit us better. I was pulling for it for a lot of reasons — I think for fans and the game itself. But for us selfishly, I think it fits better.” David Wright will be among the guest instructors in spring training, according to Showalter. The former Mets captain wasn’t in camp last year because of COVID-19 restrictions. Showalter is completing his second week at the Mets’ spring training complex, during which he has been relegated mostly to meeting with staff members. The manager said he may return home to Dallas in the coming days, depending on the vibe he receives from the negotiations between the MLB and MLBPA that would end the lockout. Those discussions are scheduled to resume on Monday. The Mets hired former pitcher Danny Barnes as an assistant coach on the major league staff. Barnes, 32, spent three seasons pitching for the Blue Jays. The Manhasset native has been pursuing a graduate degree at Columbia. Barnes won’t have a specific role; Showalter compared him to a utility infielder.