Progressive state Sen. Alessandra Biaggi’s run for Congress in a gerrymandered five-county district is drawing fire from the Long Island police and even resistance from Jay Jacobs, the Nassau County Democratic Party leader and state party chairman. The new third congressional district runs through parts of Suffolk and Nassau counties, Queens, a sliver of The Bronx and Westchester County. About two-thirds of the district is in more conservative, pro-law enforcement Long Island . Biaggi, who currently represents parts of The Bronx, has championed the controversial bail reform law, “defunding” the police and who once called cops “soulless” in her Twitter feed. A Biaggi spokesperson Monday night said the “defund” retweet that disappeared from her site but was screen grabbed by others had been removed by the original tweeter, not the senator. “Senator Biaggi, your contempt for law enforcement and support for dangerous legislation empowering criminals is a clear and present danger to all New Yorkers. The legislation you support as well as the anti-police propaganda you project has turned many corners of NYS into the OK corral,” Nassau County Detectives Association president John Wighaus said in a letter to Biaggi obtained by The Post.. “Your anti-police, pro-criminal record is the complete opposite of what the residents of Nassau County expect and deserve from their elected leaders. We need someone in Congress who will keep our interests at heart and work with us not against us — to keep our communities as safe as possible just as we do every day,” Jacobs, who doubles as the Nassau County Democratic party leader and state chairman, said in an interview that if he endorses someone in the congressional primary, it won’t be Biaggi. “If someone chooses to educate voters about her record, it will be a problem for her in this district,” Jacobs said. He did say he would back Biaggi if she wins the Democratic primary. Biaggi campaign manager Chris Walsh defended the senator’s record. “Senator Biaggi’s grandfather [Mario Biaggi] was a police officer who was shot and stabbed ten times in the line of duty and her father was named after his fallen partner,” Wash said. “There is no doubt that she takes the lives of law enforcement incredibly seriously. Senator Biaggi is proud of her record on public safety and will not be lectured by conservative Republicans who are unwilling to act in good faith.” She is the granddaughter of the late Congressman Mario Biaggi, a 19-year representative and decorated ex-cop whose career ended in disgrace after being convicted in two corruption scandals. One of her Democratic primary opponents claimed Biaggi is too far-left for the district. “Long Island Democrats don’t have the appetite for a Defund the Police extremist like Senator Biaggi,” said Max Kramer, a spokesman for candidate Joshua Lafazan, a Nassau County legislator. “We need a nominee who can hold this seat and help keep the Democratic majority in the House to deliver on Democratic proposals, like finally removing the cap on SALT, delivering quality affordable health care, and addressing the climate crisis. Senator Biaggi is too extreme to be that candidate.”