New schools Chancellor David Banks last week basically apologized for the new “standards” for admission to the city’s screened middle and high schools — and rightly so. “As I got here, there were a number of things that were already in motion,” Banks said at a Queens meeting. “For right now we’ve come up with this new admissions criteria. We had to make a decision because parents need to make decisions on admissions sooner rather than later,” saying he’d re-examine the issue next year. In other words, he doesn’t endorse the changes; he just fears that another revamp at this late date would make things worse. Maybe so, but parents are rightly outraged. Department of Education Chief of Enrollment Sarah Kleinhandler basically admitted the point was the racial re-engineering that obsessed the old regime: “When we modeled this, we saw that black and brown children had . . . the percentage of their access to these screened high schools [go] up 13 percent.” To get there, the de Blasio folks created a complex algorithm with “buckets” that basically blur the kids’ achievements, so that children with grades averaging 85 have the same chance as those with 99s (among other anti-excellence moves). Then it’s just a lottery; luck, not your hard work, is the deciding factor. Of course, all families should have access to high-standards public schools for their children, at every level. But right now the only sure way to get that is to manage to get them in as tots to a Gifted & Talented school that feeds directly into good schools all the way through grade 12 — or to win another lottery, for entry into a public charter system like the Success Academies. Students who enter a Success primary school are guaranteed seats in the network’s middle and high schools — all of which work with children of all ability levels, including special-needs kids. Yet the network as a whole produces test scores better than those of Scarsdale’s public schools. We’re not saying the entire public-school system should do the same: Some kids are better off on a vocational track at some point; a few really want a performing-arts program, and so on. And while other charters satisfy many of those desires, the regular system should too: The city’s large enough to offer the whole range. What the city doesn’t need is gimmicks that aim to award seats on the basis of skin color, rather than ability. The race-obsessives don’t even want selective performing-arts schools to do auditions as part of admissions. If Banks doesn’t manage to stamp out that thinking fast, the system he runs will continue its current rapid enrollment drop.