Unfortunately Ed Sheeran’s presence is not making his neighbors Happier. The 31-year-old pop star’s plan to build a private burial chamber on his property is on track for approval, despite neighbors’ pleas. As part of an eco-friendly renovation of his over $5 million, 16-acre Framlingham, UK estate, the English singer plans to construct a two-story private chapel complete with a crypt. While the chapel — set to feature stained glass windows and be warmed by an environmentally-friendly heat pump — was approved for construction in Nov. 2019, the brick, timber and concrete body vault has caused more of a stir. Although the East Suffolk District Council has not yet formally given Sheeran the green-light for the chamber, they are expected to — despite the protests of neighbors. “I feel I must comment on this plan for a place of worship in a garden,” objected area resident Anna Woods, SWNS reported. “The area is well-served by local churches and I feel there is no need for a well-known person to create his own island of calm when lovely places of worship abound in the area.” The fact that the “Perfect” singer even wants a final resting place separate from the general population should be a sign that something is wrong with modern culture, she added. “Are celebrities now so detached from reality that their every living breath and now even the act of dying be apart from the rest of us?” said Woods of Sheeran’s application for a roughly double grave plot-sized burial zone, set to be accessible through a ground slab in the rear of the church. Although some may take issue with his final resting plans, Sheerhan appears to be in the clear as far as local legality is concerned: There are no laws against burying bodies on private land in England and Wales. “I have no concerns arising and I maintain my previous view that I have no objection to this application,” East Suffolk council principal design and conservation officer Robert Scrimgeour wrote at the time of Sheeran’s initial application for the chapel. Representatives for Sheeran did not immediately return The Post’s request for comment.