Odell Beckham Jr. has been busy since winning his first Super Bowl ring with the Rams just over a week ago. The Rams receiver and longtime girlfriend Lauren Wood welcomed their first child together, Zydn, on Thursday, Feb. 17, Beckham announced early Wednesday in an Instagram post. “2-17-22, 0605. THE biggest blessing I’ve ever had in my life arrived here on earth! The words, I can’t even put together for the overwhelming emotions that ran thru me … a moment I will never forget and cherish forever. Zydn was born n at that moment I knew my life changed for the better,” the new dad wrote. “Lauren Wood, u changed my life forever and delivered the most beautiful gift of all… EFFORTLESSLY! Ur strength throughout this gives me the courage to keep goin because i now kno with u by my side and holding it down for me, I can get thru anything. I love u so much.” In the same message, Beckham, 29, also revealed he underwent successful surgery five days after Zydn’s birth for a torn ACL in his left knee, which he suffered during Super Bowl 2022. Although Beckham did not specify his injury in Wednesday’s message, the post-surgery photo nearly parallels the one snapped by his mother, Heather Van Norman, after his November 2020 procedure on the same knee. “And so the journey continues; 2-22-22; the stars are all aligned; surgery was a success. Like I’ve said all along ‘IT WAS WRITTEN.’ Im just sticking to the script and seeing where God will take me. Honestly I’ve been through so much to get to where im at.. I duggg deep, and figured out a lot about myself along the way. If there’s one thing I can take from all the work and growth, it is that I AM as resilient as they come. Too much heart to not keep walkin in faith! Lol I kno yall probably tired of hearing me say this every year now “this my year” BUT IM GON BE BACK!!! U better believe imma be back , and imma be back better than ever before. I mean that Shxt from the bottom of my heart. Filled wit LOVE and gratitude. I wanna thank u all for the love and support, this is not the end; but only the beginning to everything I’ve ever dreamed of. LUV,” Beckham wrote. Beckham caught two passes for 52 yards and a touchdown in the first quarter and change of the game but went down on his third target with a non-contact injury that was reported as a torn ACL. Wood, who has been linked to Beckham since 2019, called the former first-round pick the “best dad” in the comments. “I love you  every step of the way… every joy, every pain… every win every loss, every life changing event & life challenge.. u r not alone & I love the human we made ,” she gushed. The couple went public with their relationship in November 2019, and announced Wood’s pregnancy in November 2021. In Wednesday’s post, Beckham reflected on his Super Bowl experience and tenure as a Ram, following his release by the Browns last November. “This last week has been one that I truly could never forget. I had never been more prepared and focused for a game in my life, I was ready to go nuclear and perform at the highest level that I ever had in my career. I knew it and I felt it in my soul, I was in my biggggest bag n nothin was goin to stop me. I reallly mean that!! I was ON,” he wrote. “Motivated, determined, and eyes set on a goal that I promised to myself and this team from the moment I decided to be an LA Ram. Safe to say those were my plans and not Gods. I kno there’s purpose in all of this and it may seem that this journey has come to an end but it’s really just a door opening to a new beginning. Starting it off, as a WORLD CHAMPION.” Beckham will be a free agent in March, however, it’s unclear if he will be ready for the start of the 2022 season after undergoing surgery. Further, while there appears to be interest on both sides, the receiver’s NFL future remains to be seen. Beckham spent five years with the Giants after the team selected him with the 12th overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft. The LSU product was traded to the Browns in March 2019.