Do you find that you struggle to fall asleep at night because your mind is racing? Then you might be suffering from stress and overthinking. But don’t lose hope – there are some simple breathing exercises you can do to help relax your brain instantly and therefore get to sleep quickly and easily. “Deep breathing exercises can physiologically calm you down by lowering heart rate, releasing muscle tension, and changing skin conductance, which will help lower your sense of fight or flight,” psychologist and performance psychology expert Haley Perlus, Ph.D. told Shape.com. “Your breathing pattern is a powerful piece of data for the brain because you are doing it constantly,” sleep physician Smita Patel added. “If your breathing tends to be shallow, frequent, with a focus on inhalation and short, quick exhalation, the body knows you’re stressed. It will serve you by promoting capability to fight, flight, and hide — survival, yes, but not for healing or vitality. “Only when you’re relaxed, safe, and at ease is your breathing able to deepen, slow (down), and allow long steady exhalations with pauses between breaths. “The body knows this truth.” While having a longer exhalation than inhalation is the key to most breathing exercises, there are five simple ones that have been tried and tested to help people fall asleep. “One of the most significant benefits of diaphragmatic breathing most people have experienced is reduced stress,” Perlus added. “Belly breathing can aid in reducing anxiety, depression, and stress while also relieving the emotional exhaustion and depersonalization that could be induced by job burnout.” To practice belly breathing, sit or lay down in a comfortable position and place one hand below the ribs and one on the chest. Inhale through the nose, letting your belly push your hand out slowly, and make sure your chest doesn’t move. Purse your lips to breathe out, as if you were whistling, and allow your hand to gently push all the air in your stomach out. Do this between three and 10 times – each time concentrating on the cycle of breath and taking your time. This breathing pattern, developed as a variation of an ancient yogic technique, is a favorite among psychologists. To give it a try, sit up with your back straight, and place the tip of your tongue behind your upper front teeth. Exhale through your mouth, around your tongue, then close your mouth and inhale through your nose for four counts. Hold your breath for seven counts, before exhaling through your mouth for eight counts. This cycle counts as one breath – repeat three more times so you complete it four times in total. According to a 2013 study, those who tried nasal breathing exercises felt less stressed afterward. To practice alternate nostril breathing, sit with your legs crossed, and your left hand on your knee. Place your right thumb against the right side of your nose and exhale fully, before closing the right nostril. Inhale through the left nostril, then close the left nostril with your ring finger. Open your right nostril and exhale through it, before inhaling through the right nostril and closing it with your thumb. Complete one cycle by opening the left nostril and exhaling through the left side. Continue for five minutes, before finishing by exhaling through your left nostril. “Square breathing gives you something physical to focus on, and counting the seconds and synchronizing the breath can have a grounding effect and reduce the wandering of the mind,” psychiatrist and sleep physician Alex Dimitriu, M.D. said. “In square breathing, the prolonged exhalation phase also results in the lungs pushing on the heart a bit, which in turn, makes the heart beat more slowly.” To try square breathing, breathe in for four counts, hold for four counts, exhale for four counts and rest for four counts. Repeat for as long as required. Yoga Nidra is similar to meditation, but aims to allow the user to “move into a deep state of conscious awareness sleep”. It’s completed laying down and involves becoming very aware of your breath so that you can slow it down. In order to follow the guidance, Dr. Dimitriu suggests trying a video on a site such as YouTube, with his favorite being this 20-minute one. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.