It was back to normal — more or less — for the 2022 Screen Actors Guild Awards. After a shortened, pre-taped ceremony last year, the SAGs returned with a more traditional, live ceremony on Sunday, Feb. 27. However, some coronavirus pandemic protocols remained in place — and not without controversy. “Hamilton” legends Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr. and Daveed Diggs opened the 28th annual televised ceremony, which served as a bridge between January’s eroded, embattled Golden Globes and the upcoming, still-gilded Oscars on Sunday, March 27. Meanwhile, Oscar-, Emmy- and Tony-winner Dame Helen Mirren (“The Queen”) was lauded as the organization’s 57th Life Achievement Award recipient. Mirren, 76, is the most decorated SAG Life Achievement recipient with 13 nominations and five wins. While accepting her career honor from her peers, Mirren opted to call the award the S-A-G — pointing out at at her age she “hates to say the word ‘sag.’ “ Mirren continued, “I joined our tribe of rogues and vagabonds a long time ago. It is you actors I want to thank for your wit and your humor, all the giggles. I’ve laughed my whole life. Your hopeless dedication to our chosen profession. I get really p’d off when I hear about actors being maligned as a group — when in my experience, the opposite is true. We love and admire each other’s work. Together we laugh, we worry, we change clothes, we throw up, and we suffer diarrhea. Don’t you? I mean, I do.” Check out the full list of winners and nominees below. Javier Bardem, “Being the Ricardos”Benedict Cumberbatch, “The Power of the Dog”Andrew Garfield, “Tick, Tick . . . Boom!”*Will Smith, “King Richard”Denzel Washington, “The Tragedy of Macbeth” *Jessica Chastain, “The Eyes of Tammy Faye”Olivia Colman, “The Lost Daughter”Lady Gaga, “House of Gucci”Jennifer Hudson, “Respect”Nicole Kidman, “Being the Ricardos” Caitriona Balfe, “Belfast”Cate Blanchett, “Nightmare Alley”*Ariana DeBose, “West Side Story”Kirsten Dunst, “The Power of the Dog”Ruth Negga, “Passing” Ben Affleck, “The Tender Bar”Bradley Cooper, “Licorice Pizza”*Troy Kotsur, “CODA”Jared Leto, “House of Gucci”Kodi Smit-McPhee, “The Power of the Dog” “Belfast”*“CODA”“Don’t Look Up”“House of Gucci”“King Richard”  Murray Bartlett “The White Lotus”Oscar Isaac, “Scenes From a Marriage”*Michael Keaton, “Dopesick”Ewan McGregor, “Halston”Evan Peters, “Mare of Easttown” “The Handmaid’s Tale”“The Morning Show”“Squid Game”*“Succession”“Yellowstone” Jennifer Aniston, “The Morning Show”*Jung Ho-yeon, “Squid Game”Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid’s Tale”Sarah Snook, “Succession”Reese Witherspoon, “The Morning Show” Brian Cox, “Succession”Billy Crudup, “The Morning Show”Kieran Culkin, “Succession”Jeremy Strong, “Succession”*Lee Jung-jae, “Squid Game” “The Great”“Hacks”“The Kominsky Method”“Only Murders in the Building”*“Ted Lasso” Elle Fanning, “The Great”Sandra Oh, “The Chair”*Jean Smart, “Hacks”Juno Temple, “Ted Lasso”Hannah Waddingham, “Ted Lasso” Michael Douglas, “The Kominsky Method”Brett Goldstein, “Ted Lasso”Steve Martin, “Only Murders in the Building”Martin Short, “Only Murders in the Building”*Jason Sudeikis, “Ted Lasso” Jennifer Coolidge, “The White Lotus”Cynthia Erivo, “Genius: Aretha”Margaret Qualley, “Maid”Jean Smart, “Mare of Easttown”*Kate Winslet, “Mare of Easttown”