While you can do your best to avoid the COVID-19 virus by wearing a mask, getting vaccinated, self-testing when necessary and physically distancing — there isn’t a ton you can do once you’ve actually been infected. Assuming you have a mild case, aside from quarantining the amount recommended by the CDC, you really just have to tough it out. That being said, there are some things you can do to help make yourself more comfortable while you recover. Tylenol, tissues, sleep and a good humidifier are all a good start. After Omicron made its debut in Dec. 2021, society quickly caught onto the most common symptoms: cough, fatigue and tiredness, congestion and runny nose, headache and sore throat. While it’s not a life-changing fix, a humidifier is a great device to soothe sore throats for COVID-19 infections, the common cold and beyond. According to the Mayo Clinic, humidifiers are devices that release water vapor or steam to add moisture to the air (humidity) to prevent dryness in many parts of the body. They can be particularly effective for the skin, nose, lips and throat. It’s important you don’t let mold grow in the tank of your new humidifier. Consumer Reports recommends rinsing, towel-drying and refilling your humidifier’s tank with fresh water every day. Once a week, the tank and base will also need a deeper clean. Replace filters and wicks, according to the brand’s recommendations. There are a few different ways to clean a humidifier, but CR advises using water and distilled white vinegar. Here are a few specific steps to get the job done. Ahead find the top 5 best humidifiers, according to reviews — at a variety of price points. Levoit’s 4L humidifier has a range of up to 376 square feet and provides fast, comfortable relief from the effects of dry air. It offers up to 40 hours of mist and automatically shuts off before it runs dry. If money is no object, you can’t go wrong with the Dyson purifying humidifier. Not only does it add moisture to the air but it captures and traps pollutants to make sure you’re breathing the cleanest air possible. Available in two colors. The Everlasting Comfort humidifier has a six-liter (1.6-gallon) tank that works in rooms up to 500 square feet and lasts for up to 50 hours. You can also utilize the featured essential oil tray that circulates fragrant oils into the cool mist, giving you a pure and fresh smelling aroma throughout your home. This Pure Enrichment humidifier gives off ultrasonic cool mist technology to safely and quickly moisturize dry air for up to 25 hours of continuous operation. It has almost 70,000 reviews, plus features high and low-speed settings combined with a 360° mist nozzle to help you consistently balance and regulate the humidity in your home. For those looking for a baby-friendly or small option, consider this Raydrop pick that has more than 4,500 reviews on Amazon.com, plus it’s currently 20% off! Not only is this a humidifier but it doubles as a diffuser as well, so you can fill your home with essential oils too. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.