An Ohio teacher has been suspended after her alleged sex tape was AirDropped to 200 of her high school students. The raunchy footage — purportedly involving the educator and her boyfriend — was stored on the teacher’s cellphone and sent out to students at Ginn Academy in Cleveland on Feb. 7. A police report was subsequently filed on Feb. 15 by the school’s principal, according to local news network WKYC. The unidentified teacher involved in the incident is not currently considered a suspect, but Cleveland police sex crimes unit detectives are investigating, authorities told Cleveland.com. However, Cleveland Metropolitan School District spokesman Thomas Ott said the intimately exposed educator “has been removed” from the school and will not work with students pending the outcome of the probe. The teacher reportedly admitted that she had the X-rated video stored on her personal cellphone, but said she did not AirDrop it to anyone. A cybersecurity expert told the local news outlet that it is possible the educator’s phone was hacked. “If somebody were to have access to an unattended phone, it’s fairly easy to capture someone’s passcode,” stated Alex Hamerstone of TrustedSec, an information security consulting team. “If someone has bad intentions, the first thing they’ll do when they get access to your phone is look through your pictures, look to see if you have a private folder and see what’s in there.” However, parents have been left outraged by the erotic AirDrop — and say it makes no difference whether it was an accident. “As a parent, it’s appalling,” disgruntled dad Ken Trump told Fox 8. “It makes you feel like you have a punch in the gut, especially when you’re an authority figure and you’re a role model around children.” He added: “It doesn’t matter how the video was shared. It shouldn’t have been there and accessible to kids in any form in the first place.” Meanwhile, the Cleveland Teachers Union issued the following statement: “Our collective bargaining agreement with the district provides for a process that protects our members, the district, and students when accusations are made involving members. We will work with our member and the district through this process.”