“Real Housewives of Orange County” alum Vicki Gunvalson has privately entertained buyers for her newly revamped California residence, The Post has learned. The goal, she told The Post, is to hopefully make a little profit on the Coto de Caza home — which she just purchased less than a year ago, in April 2021, for $1.035 million — until she can figure out her next moves. The potential sell-off comes two years after the reality star made her exit from the Bravo franchise. “I’m looking at flipping my house, making money. I don’t know where I’m going. I’m going to look tomorrow, but I’ve got three offers all over the asking price,” Gunvalson, 59, revealed. A separate source said she has fielded offers as high as $1.6 million. “I gutted it, renovated it and it turned out beautiful. Now I’m just trying to see if I can make a lot of money on it, and I can,” she added. “I know how to decorate really well.” Gunvalson explained that it wasn’t initially her intention to flip the property but that an opportunity had presented itself. “My life is very fluid right now,” Gunvalson explained. “I have no idea what I’m doing tomorrow. So, no, I did not buy it to flip it. But it turned out so good, my realtor called me and said, ‘We got people interested in your house.’ I’m like, ‘It’s not for sale,’ and he goes, ‘Everything’s for sale with the right price.'” Gunvalson — who split up with ex-fiancé Steve Lodge last September but has since made efforts to move on — spent the past year perfecting her home, located in the Trabuco Canyon neighborhood. Initially featuring dark wood cabinetry and ornate chandeliers, the dramatic transformation features all white walls and bright spaces. Made up of three bedrooms and three full baths, the home spans over 2,400 square feet. The gated community also includes 24-hour security. The main floor features an open layout that includes a living room, a dining room and a bedroom, which has an en-suite bathroom. The family room is blocked off and features a fireplace, bar area and adjacent kitchen. On the second floor is the primary suite with a balcony and spa bathroom. Design details include shiplap ceilings, Calacatta marble, gold-tone hardware and warm wood flooring. Outdoor amenities include entertainment options with multiple seating areas, a built-in barbecue and a fireplace. Last August, Gunvalson gave fans a view of all the updates via Instagram. “Final touches completed today,” she wrote. “After 4 months of living in my new home, it’s finally finished. My ‘jewel box’ that @cindyshockey and I have called it, came out exactly how we imagined it to be. “I couldn’t have done it without her,” Gunvalson continued. “We did the entire design remotely from her being in Canada. Cindy was the one who helped me design and decorate my lake house in NC, and I was so confident in her to do this one remotely too. Thank you Cindy for following my vision to help me create my new home. Next… onto the backyard.” The founder of Coto Insurance previously owned a much larger home nearby, which was often showcased on “Real Housewives.” She sold it for $3 million in March 2021. An original cast member of “RHOC,” she also picked up a vacation getaway in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, and she briefly owned a North Carolina lake house to be closer to her family.