Michele Tafoya has further elaborated on her departure from NBC Sports. The longtime “Sunday Night Football” sideline reporter already announced that she is co-chairing the Minnesota gubernatorial campaign of Republican candidate Kendall Qualls, an Army veteran and businessman. Tafoya joined Tucker Carlson on Wednesday to discuss political issues — such as critical race theory in schools — that she would be further addressing now that she has left mainstream sports broadcasting. “It’s been on my mind for quite awhile, Tucker,” Tafoya said of leaving NBC. “No, NBC did not force this. This has been on my mind. I’ve been waking up every day with a palpable pull at my gut that my side, my view, my middle-ground moderate viewpoint, is not being represented to the rest of the world. “So, rather than banging it out on Twitter or Instagram every day, I thought that I’ve got to do something. I have benefitted greatly from the American dream, and I feel like for the sake of my kids, and because I so love this country, I’ve got to start giving back.” Carlson played a clip from Tafoya’s appearance on “The View” several months ago, in which she lamented that her kids’ schools were separating students of different colors into “affinity groups.” “My son’s first best friend was a little African-American boy. They were inseparable,” Tafoya had said on “The View”. “Get to a certain age, and they start having what’s called an affinity group, which means you go to lunch with people who look like you. Suddenly, my son wasn’t hanging out with him anymore.” Affinity groups, which separate races into different discussion groups, are common in anti-racism training modules. “Why are we even teaching that the color of your skin that matters?” Tafoya asked. “To me what matters is the character in your heart and your values.” Carlson asked Tafoya about the reaction to her “View” segment. “I’m just astonished that we’re so looking in the rear-view mirror and not absorbing the progress that we’ve made in this country, and building on it, and recognizing it,” she said. “I don’t think a person like Whoopi Goldberg would have had that role [on ‘The View’] 50 years ago. She has that now. “It breaks my heart that kids are being taught that skin color matters. To me, if you want white people to step up, I was stepping up when I addressed the school and said, ‘Why are we having these picnics for families of color? Why are we separating our kids? The world is integrated. Let’s continue that and find out what we all have in common, not just what we have in common for people who look like us.'” Jemele Hill, the former ESPN commentator who now contributes to CNN and The Atlantic, ripped Tafoya’s appearance. “Imagine leaving a high-profile job over a made-up issue,” Hill tweeted. “Does Michele Tafoya even know what CRT is? Does she have kids in school being taught CRT? Can she provide any examples?”