It’s usually pretty easy to figure out what’s happening when an unexpected fight breaks out between Bambi and Godzilla, but as Ukraine fights for its life against Vlad the Invader, some strange alliances are forming. From the left and the right you hear: Hey, give the giant radioactive lizard a break, he’s misunderstood. Steve Bannon, for instance, takes what you might call the anti-anti-Russian line from the right: Hey, what have we got against Jackbootin’ Putin? At least “Putin ain’t woke,” Bannon said on his podcast in a chat with Blackwater soldier of fortune Erik Prince, who chimed in, “The Russian people still know which bathroom to use … they don’t have boys swimming in college girls’ meets.” Does that put us on the same side as Putin? I think I might need a little more convincing. Meanwhile, J.D. Vance, the “Hillbilly Elegy” guy who is running for Senate in Ohio on a MAGA platform, was outraged by the idea that the Biden administration is backing Ukraine: “We did not serve in the Marine Corps to go and fight Vladimir Putin because he didn’t believe in transgender rights, which is what the US State Department is saying is a major problem with Russia.” Hang on, Hillbilly, there are a lot of countries that don’t have much in the way of transgender rights, but only Russia is killing little Ukrainian girls in pink unicorn pajamas by bombarding their homes. Vance is following up on Pat Buchanan, who said a few years ago that he thought Putin was “standing up for traditional values against Western cultural elites.” By downplaying Putin’s savagery, though, Bannon, Buchanan, Prince and Vance found themselves on the same side as leftie Glenn Greenwald, the journalist with a long history of shrugging off Russian misdeeds. Greenwald having a warm, convivial chat with Tucker Carlson is not something you would have expected to see in the Biden era, but he was on Carlson’s show just the other night essentially reaffirming the Putin talking point about the “incredibly provocative” idea that we might “expand NATO up to Russian borders.” So Putin had to stomp all over Ukraine to prevent it from entering NATO, which it wasn’t about to do anyway. This is your own fault for existing, Bambi! Retired Col. Douglas MacGregor, a hardliner who called for martial law at the Mexican border, chimed in that “the Russian government’s point, which they’ve made for 25 years, is valid. They don’t want US forces and missiles and NATO troops immediately across the border in eastern Ukraine. Absolutely.” So the guy who claimed he was on an urgent mission to carry out “denazification” in Ukraine is somehow behaving reasonably. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. There’s also a pox-on-both-houses argument being made by the leftists at the Democratic Socialists of America, who ought to be a fringe group but hit the mainstream by placing members in both the House (Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez) and the Senate (Bernie Sanders). The DSA blames the “neoliberal order,” NATO and the United States for forcing Putin to turn Kyiv into a shooting gallery. “DSA reaffirms our call for the US to withdraw from NATO and to end the imperialist expansionism that set the stage for this conflict,” said the Dim Socialists of America. If there’s a salient example of imperialism this week, I’m pretty sure it’s not Ukrainians minding their own business but the guy who is sending columns of tanks to expand the Russian empire westward. Putin isn’t making this hard for anybody: He’s a thug in thug’s clothing, and this is a completely unprovoked war. Nobody who respects liberty and self-determination should be making excuses for him.