A grill is an ultimate warm weather, big-ticket purchase, and you want to get it right for Memorial Day, Father’s Day, the Fourth of July and really any occasion that calls for perfectly cooked meats and veggies. Since grilling is no joke, The Post tapped expert chefs to share their favorite grills — and their best tips or hacks to make your at-home barbecue smokin’ hot and better than ever before. See below for the best charcoal, gas and wood-burning grills you can use to turn your backyard or patio into your own five-star restaurant, with some help from the celebrity chefs, of course. To shop this article by category, simply click on one of the links below: For a classic outdoor grill that comes with a charcoal taste and an expert recommendation, look no further. “For a charcoal grill, my favorite is the Weber Original Kettle. It’s a utility player. You can smoke on it or cook at a super-high temp. It distributes heat perfectly and does not cost a bunch of money,” Ash Fulk, Culinary Director of Hill Country Barbecue Market told the New York Post. If you love the sound of a sizzling grill and low prices, head over to Amazon where this grill, as well as a brown and a green version, await. Australian chef and restaurateur Curtis Stone recommended the PortaSpit to the Post, who happened to be using this grill just 40 minutes before our interview. “It’s easy to assemble and you put some charcoal in the base of it and light it. I’m just using that lump charcoal that you get at the grocery store,” Stone explained. “The key to it is to let it burn down first, and let the flame disappear before you load it up with your meat. Then you really don’t do much. It turns it for you, and it slowly cooks it as it turns. If it flares up too much, you just spritz your coals out a little.” If you don’t have a yard or place to set up a spit, Stone recommends using his line of cookware, entitled the Dura-pan. “You can get them ripping hot, all the way to 400 degrees to get that really crisp sear. And being nonstick, the clean up is an absolute breeze,” Stone said. Do you like green eggs and ham? Now you can have a Big Green Egg to grill your ham and everything else, with this charcoal grill with a very appropriate name. What’s even better is this grill is the go-to for both celebrity chefs Alex Guarnashelli and Harold Dieterle. “I love a Big Green Egg and any outdoor grill with a lid,” said Guarnashelli, a chef mentor on “Worst Cooks in America.” “We smoke a lot of things from turkey legs to ribs to pizza crusts on the Egg. The regular grill we use a lot for weeknight meals; burgers, fish, vegetables. The grill provides distinctive flavors (charred, smoky) that I associate with summertime.” On the other hand, Dieterle, who is famous for being on “Top Chef,” says his favorite method to grilling fish is a slow grill over charcoal using the Big Green Egg. “Slow cook the fish filets over vegetables at 350F on the grill. The flavor from the charcoal really comes through and the fish is cooked very gently and indirectly over fire,” he told The Post. “This is a dish I’d love to do on a restaurant menu, but it doesn’t really work on a gas grill, which is what most restaurants have.” If you have the gift of grilling and patience, this one is for you. Sold at Wayfair, the Char-griller Akorn is a powerhouse for flavors and a dream come true for those with little outdoor counter space, as it comes with two side panels for the ultimate grilling station. It also comes with a glowing recommendation from a James Beard Award-winning chef. “My favorite home grill is the Char-griller Akorn. It’s great for smoking short ribs, cooking pizza, or charring cauliflower because it holds heat incredibly well,” said Justin Smillie, renowned chef at Il Buco Alimentari Market. “That’s why it’s also important you don’t open and close your grill too many times while cooking. Just be patient.” A gas grill is another option if you don’t want to dirty your hands with black charcoal. Head to the Home Depot for this Weber model, which has three high-quality burners and can cook up to 15 medium-sized burgers at a time. Make sure to invite celebrity chef Amanda Freitag to your barbecue, as this is her favorite for outdoor cooking. “The grill I have cooked on the most (being a city girl) is my mom’s Weber propane grill in her backyard,” said Freitag, a chef and judge on the Food Network show “Chopped.” “The best part about the Weber grill is that I can create different levels of heat just like I could on the stove. I make a hot spot for searing and getting grill marks, have a medium low heat for finishing and then move to the upper shelf for holding. You can cook just about anything on that grill.” Not much is impossible with a great grill and some propane. “Restaurant Impossible” host and celebrity chef Robert Irvine uses a built-in Coyote gas grill at home and suggests a couple of seasoning tips if you’re cooking meat. “Add salt and pepper just before grilling, after the steak comes out of the marinade,” suggests Irvine. “Steak doesn’t spend long on the grill, so paprika boosts its open-fire flavor.” To get in on the grilling action, head over to Amazon and pick one up. Virtually we mean, as you’ll be happy to know the 640-square-inch grill will be safely delivered to your home. Break out the cast iron and some of your prime cuts of meat for this high-powered, stainless steel beauty. The Pat LaFrieda of Pat LaFrieda Meat Purveyors knows a thing or two about cooking up some steaks, so if they say it’s the best grill in the game, we trust it. “Placing a cast iron skillet on the grill and preheating it allows you to cook steaks and burgers with a great sear,” said LaFrieda, who uses a Lynx gas grill. “If the skillet sizzles when a drop of water hits it, then it’s ready to cook on.” Forget coal or gas and opt for some wood when you fire up your Traeger grill this summer. James Beard Award winner and “The Final Table” celebrity chef Timothy Hollingsworth is no stranger to a wood pellet grill, cooking for his family on one in the summers at a barbecue we’d be dying to get an invite to. “My wife and I both have big families so when everyone gets together it is super helpful to have a grill that can fit a lot at once,” says Hollingsworth, who cut his teeth as a chef at The French Laundry. “The 1300 has three tiers ideal for long smokes like; brisket, ribs, etc. It also has a super-smoke setting which is great when you want to get a nice smoke inside those thicker steaks and use a reverse sear technique.” For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.