A Russian beauty queen has been left unable to close her eyes or smile from a botched cosmetic procedure — and is suing the surgeons for turning her “beautiful, healthy face” into a nightmare, according to a report. Yulia Tarasevich, 43, the runner-up in the Mrs. Russia International pageant two years ago, decided to undergo plastic surgery at a top clinic that cost the equivalent of $4,000, East2West News reported. “I came to them with a beautiful, healthy face. I just wanted to correct some nuances caused by aging,” the mother of two said about the procedures in Krasnodar. “But sadly, I lost my health,” she added. Tarasevich said she was “disfigured” during the facelift surgery, a blepharoplasty of the eyelids — the removal of excess skin — and cheek fat reduction. She said she underwent emergency follow-up surgery performed by another doctor to save her eyes from necrosis. The woman has filed a complaint against the two surgeons who were involved in her original operation. The two — identified as Dr. Andrey Komarov and Dr. Omar Khaled — have denied responsibility, allegedly claiming she had scleroderma, a rare genetic condition that causes hardening of the skin, the outlet reported. But there is no evidence that Tarasevich suffers from the autoimmune disease, which also affects other organs of the body, according to the report. “I have scars that formed in my cheeks when they ripped out all my tissue,” she told Channel 1, East2West News reported. “My eyes don’t close and I can’t smile. I can’t lift my upper lip. One part of my face doesn’t work at all.” Tarasevich added: “I went quietly to the operation, firstly, because all my tests were in order. Secondly, because I had plastic surgery before this, I did rhinoplasty, and it went perfectly for me, without any genetic abnormalities.” She blasted the doctors for blaming the supposed condition for the botched procedure. “The surgeons made me the only one guilty for what has happened,” she reportedly said. “The doctors, who disfigured my face, relieved themselves of all responsibility. I decided to have my day in court.” Tarasevich says she has spent about $27,000 on follow-up surgery. Khaled said the case has been “exaggerated,” according to East2West. The Russian Investigative Committee said the surgeons are being investigated for allegedly flouting laws on the “safety of life and health.” “A forensic medical examination has been appointed to determine the severity of the harm to health, and other patients who could have suffered from poor-quality services in this clinic are also being identified,” spokeswoman Anna Pushkina told East2West. “The investigation of the criminal case is ongoing,” she added.