Whichever way you brew it, there’s nothing that inspires us to get out of bed more than a fresh cup of coffee awaiting our sleepy-eyed state. From K-cups to Nespresso pods, there’s a Starbucks-sized menu of flavors, roasts and blends to choose from. While the coffee-lover will coax over anything that’ll give them a caffeine boost, naturally roasted beans are one of the most decadent. Not to mention, you don’t need to sail around the sea to Costa Rica or Brazil to indulge in that best-of-coffee experience. With a great coffee grinder, imported fresh beans can be crushed into grinds that can be used with a French press or pour-over coffee maker. It’s much easier than it sounds. With Smeg’s Coffee Grinder we reviewed, we housed our favorite beans (from Beanbox and Peet’s Coffee) into its tub, then crushed and sipped away. You can find some of the best coffee grinders on Amazon (along with the best coffee makers, air fryers and home items) and Williams Sonoma, though we included more retailers for you to shop from in this curated edit of the 14 best. Read on, shop on and cheers to your next fabulous roast of coffee you can make at home. If you’re in the market for some of the best kitchen appliances, take a look at our guides to the best pressure cookers, toaster ovens and woks, too. We love Smeg’s Coffee Grinder for that quality, retro-minded feel to brewing our favorite morning roasts. Available in a 50s-throwback mint and other pretty pastels, this model makes it super easy to grind — simply add your coffee beans to the included tub, turn the dial for your preferred cup size and grinding settings and measure with the pre-numbered increments. What’s great about this coffee grinder is how chic it looks on your counter. If you buy a bag of beans, they serve as a lovely decor accent. This splurge is especially great if you look forward to your morning coffee each day like we do. Meet one of Amazon’s No. 1 bestselling coffee grinders, the Cuisinart Supreme Grind. For $60, it’s made of compact stainless steel with an 18-position grind selector to cater your ground coffee to be fine, medium or coarse. What’s more, its removable grind chamber stores up to 32 cups, so you won’t have to worry about refilling often. Your daily coffee will surpass one month, too! For an affordable option less than $25, check out Black+Decker’s Coffee Grinder. It’s a great stash-away model that efficiently grinds your cup to enjoy. It couldn’t be simpler to use, either. Its intuitive push-button control generates the durable blades to churn your beans into grounds. The lid-locking safety feature is a nice touch, too. With one of the most beautiful conical storage options we’ve seen, Bodum’s Bistro Burr Coffee Grinder makes your kitchen feel like its own Starbucks. The brand has one of our favorite French presses, too, and together they’re a perfect pair. Crushed with stainless steel burrs, the process characteristic of this model helps preserve the flavor and aroma better than that of a classic grinder. Plus, there are 12 grinding options to curate your coffee just how you crave it. Shardor is one of Amazon’s top brands for coffee grinders and its Nespresso lookalike is one we have our eyes on. With an impressive 35 grind selections, you’ll feel like you’re drinking a new roast every day — even with the same beans. The anti-static technology makes it mess-free too, even including a built-in brush for a countertop favorite that’ll last for years. If your kitchen is modern, you won’t have to compromise the aesthetic of your home with a stainless coffee grinder. Fellow’s Ode Brew Coffee Grinder is one of our premier selections, also available in sleek white for a seamless addition to your granite and quartz. Not to mention, its burrs are flatly designed for a consistent and concise grind every time. Another stash-and-store away option is Krups’ Precision Coffee Grinder, a suitable option for those who don’t want to spend more than $75 on a bean crusher and want to only click one power-on button. Perfect, right? You’re not compromising on quality with this model, either. With 12 customizable grind settings to render your roast fine or thick, it’s a great buy to try your barista hand. OXO isn’t just adored for its pop-open clear containers (though we love them with a capital L). The brand’s Brew Conical Burr Coffee Grinder is an elegant option for your kitchen, clad with 15 grind settings and a capacity of 12 cups. If you don’t want to spend more than roughly $100 but still want that countertop-housed feel, this model is your best bet. Did someone say brushed stainless steel? We love this miniature coffee grinder that gives “small but mighty” a whole new meaning. Cuisinart’s Grind Central Coffee Grinder stores up to 18 cups of coffee — crushed, of course — and has a heavy-duty motor. The pro? This specific model is dishwasher-safe, which deserves 100 round-of-applauses from everyone. Introducing Breville’s new Smart Grinder. Its digital display is enough to make us want it, affixed with a bean storage container up top and storage space for grounds at the bottom. There are a whopping 60 grind settings on this machine, with the ability to adjust the grind time in 0.2 second increments to crush your coffee beans speedy-fast. We’re in love and, for $200, it’s a modern Smeg. Talk about slim and beautifully accented. Zwilling’s Enfinigy Coffee Bean Grinder is fairly priced and doesn’t skip on the aesthetics. Much like our other picks, it has ample storage space for your whole beans and crushed creations. It’s also known to be one of the quietest as far as coffee grinders go. If you want to spin your beans into coffee, we suggest JavaPresse’s Manual Coffee Bean Grinder. For $40, you can control precisely how much you want ground — the old-fashioned way. Notably, it’s the most compact in this edit and great for traveling on vacation or to a friend’s house for entertaining. With a name like Mr. Coffee, you know it has to be good. The brand’s Automatic Burr Mill Coffee Grinder is just $40, is comparable to many others we found and has a large capacity for a somewhat smaller-framed grinder. Plus, it holds up to nearly one cup of coffee beans and 18 custom grind settings to transform your fresh beans into scrumptious, rich roasts. It’s perfect for those who don’t drink coffee often but still want the convenience of a grinder. Looking like an espresso machine is BinRoc’s Anti-Static Conical Burr Coffee Grinder, a less-than-$100 option for stainless steel seekers. It has a patented, built-in cleaning brush to sweep up residual grounds without clogging your machine, too, so it’s built to last. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.