A popular teen dating app named Yubo has come under fire after an investigation found it to be a cesspool of sexual harassment, racism and other sordid activities. The app, which is available in both the US and the UK, has been dubbed “Tinder for Teens.” It invites teens as young as 13 to match with potential dates and even interact with about 100 other teenagers. “What I have heard about this site is sickening,” Chris Philp, Britain’s minister for tech and the digital economy, told the Times of the Paris-based hookup app, which boasts 3.6 million users in the UK alone. The teen-targeting network sparked outrage among teachers in the UK, who sent parents a letter cautioning “due to the nature of this app, your child may come across content that is not appropriate to them.” A Times reporter spent 10 days posing as a 15-year-old on Yubo, which she noted didn’t require an age verification. During her “To Catch A Predator”-esque investigation, the incognito newshound claimed that users would frequently proposition her and ask for nude pics. Meanwhile, a 16-year-old black male was reportedly told by a potential user that they’d let him “pick my cotton any day,” according to the Times. Drug use — an allegedly banned topic on the site — also came up during in the online discussions, which frequently took place while the teens were doing their homework or even finishing school, per the Times. The undercover reporter recounted overhearing on a livestream chat one man telling a 15-year-old girl about acid and ketamine and asking if she’d “do a line off my [erection]?” And unfortunately, the damage the app caused wasn’t just verbal, as in many cases, adults join the site. Just last week, a UK man was arrested and charged with kidnapping and sexually assaulting a 17-year-old girl that he’d reportedly met hours earlier on Yubo. Ian Critchley, who oversees child protection for the UK’s National Police Chiefs’ Council, accused Yubo of boasting lax digital security standards that allow users to “commit some of the most abhorrent acts.” “These platforms are multimillion-pound companies,” he said, fuming. “They take large profits and they have the moral and legal responsibility to make sure the communities they have created are safe communities. There is much more they can do.” In a statement to the Times, Yubo maintained that it boasts an arsenal of safety features and a team of moderators to “safeguard our users at every stage of their journey within the app.” The company did not respond to The Post’s request for comment. Yubo isn’t the first platform to get accused of being a haven for exploitation. In 2020, a bombshell New York Times exposé revealed that the popular porn site Pornhub hosted disturbing videos depicting rape, child sexual abuse and other heinous acts.