Preview in new tab Haley Bennett didn’t have any work/home separation while filming “Cyrano” — and she didn’t mind at all. The film, a musical adaptation of the classic Edmond Rostand play, was directed by her partner, Joe Wright. “To be able to be directed by Joe, who I think is one of the most incredible directors … ” she exclusively told The Post at a special screening of the film in Manhattan Wednesday night. “He has such a visionary mind with so much heart, and I think that’s such a beautiful quality.” Wright, 49, is the acclaimed, BAFTA-nominated director behind such films as “Pride & Prejudice,” “Atonement” and “Darkest Hour.” And they weren’t the only couple mixing things up. The film is written by Erica Schmidt, who just so happens to be married to Peter Dinklage, the 52-year-old actor who stars as Cyrano de Bergerac — a brilliant wordsmith and swordsman who is hopelessly in love with Roxanne and unable to reveal his true feelings. The musical was originally a stage production, which is how Bennett, 34, got involved. “Three years before we made the film, I had participated in a workshop production at Goodspeed in Connecticut with Peter and Erica,” the “Music and Lyrics” star explained. And it sounds like it was kismet that she became a part of it. “Even before that it was in a developmental stage, I had spoken to my agent and said, ‘I’m really keen to be involved in theater,’ ” she said. “I was living in New York, I was a single woman, I was really passionate about learning theater, so I said, ‘If anything comes up, please think of me. I just want to immerse myself in this world.’ “ The next day her agent called to tell her about a musical adaptation of the French classic. Fast forward to Bennett starring in the stage production, which of course is where Wright saw it and fell in love — with the possibility of it being a movie. He and Bennett had met years before. “Our meeting is not that romantic,” she said with a laugh. “I was actually pregnant when we did the stage production. I was playing Roxanne, a virgin, eight months pregnant!” “Cyrano” premieres in theaters Friday, Feb. 25.