Last year, virtually every Republican governor opted out of the Biden administration’s unemployment bonus, which paid millions of people more than they made by working. Doing so saved taxpayers significant sums, preserved the unemployment system’s integrity and, most important, spurred people back into the workforce. Now states should make a similar move that will have similar results: Refuse more federal “free money” that discourages work and creates excessive, expensive Medicaid rolls. A new Foundation for Government Accountability report shines a light on the damage DC’s Medicaid handcuffs are doing to states. Congress created the restraints in March 2020’s Families First Coronavirus Response Act. The law offered states a 6.2% bump in federal Medicaid funding — but with strings attached. Among the many restrictions are provisions that block states from changing eligibility standards or processes that would strengthen the program’s integrity. Worst of all, for the first time in American history, states are prohibited from removing ineligible individuals from Medicaid. The result has been predictable: a massive surge in Medicaid enrollment, driven by able-bodied adults. The number of people on the program has risen by about 18 million during the pandemic, hitting a record high of 91 million in December. More than one in four Americans is now on Medicaid. Yet available state data show that 90% of the increase comes from enrollees who are now ineligible. DC’s Medicaid handcuffs prevent states from removing them from the rolls. It means a net loss of taxpayer dollars for most states: Our research shows that at least 32 states are paying more to cover ineligible enrollees than they receive in that extra federal funding. In New York, 1.25 million Medicaid enrollees are ineligible, leading to monthly losses of $140 million. In Florida, an estimated 1.2 million enrollees are ineligible, generating almost $44 million in monthly losses. In Texas, nearly 1.3 million ineligible recipients are fueling losses of about $170 million per month. All told, states are losing about $655 million every month. As people continue to join Medicaid — an inevitability since no one can be removed — more states will find themselves in the red. Monthly losses will reach nearly $1.4 billion by April. These losses result from Medicaid losing its program integrity. Money that was meant to cover the truly needy is going to people who shouldn’t be on Medicaid at all and wouldn’t be if states could remove them from the rolls. Since states receiving the federal bump aren’t allowed to reform their Medicaid programs, they cannot enact common-sense policies that would move more recipients into the workforce. The Medicaid handcuffs trap people in government dependency when they should be encouraged to find the independence that comes with work. Is there any way for states to reassert their authority over Medicaid? Yes. The Families First Coronavirus Response Act did not make accepting the federal funding bump mandatory, although it effectively used bribery to get state participation. Clearly, this was a raw deal. States can tell the federal government they are no longer participating, which would allow them to begin removing ineligible enrollees from Medicaid. The results would be savings for taxpayers and more people returning to the workforce — a necessity amid America’s ongoing worker shortage. The sooner states act, the better. The Medicaid handcuffs will exist so long as a federal public-health emergency is in effect. The current declaration expires in April, but Team Biden will almost certainly extend it for a ninth time, not least because the Democratic Party wants to keep as many people as possible dependent on the government. It’s also possible the handcuffs grow tighter. The Build Back Better plan would roll back the federal funding bump over the rest of the year yet generally extend restrictions that keep states from removing ineligible people from Medicaid. States should make clear they would not participate in such a farce. The alternative is for states to accept Washington’s undue control over their Medicaid programs, letting a key part of the welfare system grow larger yet weaker, with mounting costs to taxpayers and the economy. No governor or state legislature should be comfortable with that. Last year, Republican-led states rushed to become the latest to opt out of the Biden administration’s economy-killing unemployment bonus. Now which GOP governor will be the first to break the Medicaid handcuffs? Jonathan Ingram is vice president of policy and research at the Foundation for Government Accountability, where Trevor Carlsen is senior research fellow.