This beauty’s booty is butting in the way of romance. A Serbian-Swedish woman with a “supersized booty” says she’s struggling to find love because men are “afraid” of her surgically enhanced posterior. Natasha Crown, 27, has undergone five Brazillian butt lifts in a bid to have “the biggest bum in the world” — but the operations haven’t helped her entice a long-term lover. “My last relationship was seven years ago,” Crown candidly confessed in a recent “Truly” interview. “I am pretty extreme, so I think people are afraid of me.” BBLs, or Brazillian butt lifts, have exploded in popularity in recent years, with many women coveting Kardashian-style curves. Crown has also garnered more than 2 million Instagram followers thanks to her enormous asset, so it’s surprising to learn she is lonely. “It’s scary for men. You have my personality, and then you have my body and then you have everything else on top of that,” she stated. “It’s extreme.” The Gothenburg, Swedeb-based influencer recently appeared on “Truly’s” series “Hooked on the Look,” where she was set up on a blind date with Swede Adam. Just as Crown predicted, the man was turned off by her bountiful booty, and he had no interest in going on a second date. “I understand. It’s too much for him. It’s too much to handle all the thickness, all the curves,” Crown sadly stated after the disastrous date. “It didn’t work out, we’re moving on, and hopefully I will find someone.” Despite her enormous posterior scaring off potential love interests, Crown said she has no plans to stop with the enhancements. She has spent close to $150,000 on her first five Brazilian butt lifts, and is ready to schedule her sixth procedure. “I’m going to have the world’s biggest bum. That’s my goal and I’m going to reach it,” she declared. “When I was 20 years old, I did my first surgery . . . and soon I will have my sixth.” The model has also had a range of other cosmetic enhancements, including breast implants and lip fillers. However, her posterior is her favorite part of her body. “I just love the feel of having a big bum. When I walk, I feel all the jiggling, jiggling, jiggling, and I start to feel horny with myself,” she told the Sun back in 2017.  “That is the best feeling, I think. My bum makes me feel sexy and makes me feel powerful.”