We are suckers for an amazing TikTok find. This one comes from the tech world at Samsung, as their newest vacuum is something you have to see to believe — which is probably why it blew up on TikTok after almost 5 million people saw it work it’s magic. The product in question is the Samsung Bespoke Jet Stick Vacuum with Built-In Clean Station which is truly like a vacuum built inside of a vacuum. Now, you can pre-order the vacuum and get $200 off, making the high-powered cleaning machine just $700 for a limited time. The vacuum normally retails for $900, recently announced on site. The following videos explain it better, but basically you vacuum as normal and then once docked back into the base, press a button and all the dust and debris in the vacuum gets sucked out and into the Clean Station to be easily dumped out later. This video by @ellyawesometech caught our attention, and yours too apparently, as it now has over 4.7 million views and counting. Elly shows off the vacuum and to her delight, all of the dust and grime simply disappeared into the chamber at a press of a button. “You really think you’re going to send me something like this and I’m going to go back to tap, tap tapping the dust out of the vacuum over the bin?” she playfully asked Samsung and her viewers. “I will not be sending it back, Samsung. I simply won’t.” Spoiler alert: she actually got to keep the tester vacuum, as seen in her gleeful subsequent videos. But what about the rest of us who aren’t tech product testers and are now in love with this vacuum-in-a-vacuum device? We looked into it, and while the Samsung Bespoke Jet Stick Vacuum is still not yet available directly, but is finally now on pre-order and with a special surprise. Put your name on their waitlist and then when the time comes, get a $200 Samsung Credit toward your purchase. You can also choose from the three colors, with Woody Green available first on March 30, Midnight Blue on April 12 and Misty White by May 13. This will lower the cost of the amazing contraption significantly, and since the offer ends on April 3, we suggest you get your name on that list pronto. Once it’s finally your turn, combine the $200 off voucher and 0% APR Samsung Financing for up to 24 months, and then get cleaning in time for spring. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.