It’s typical of this Islanders season that, after playing what coach Barry Trotz said “might’ve been our best game of the year” Thursday night, they left San Jose with just one point. Forty percent of the way through their western swing, the Islanders haven’t maximized points, but they have at least found themselves playing better hockey. After a 4-3 shootout loss to the Sharks on Thursday, they’re carrying a four-game points streak into a weekend back-to-back against the Kings and Ducks. Given the failure to capitalize this week on shootouts against the Canadiens and at San Jose (a continuation of a yearlong struggle in the format), maybe it’s clinging to silver linings to note the positivity. Given the Islanders’ 19-20-8 record, nobody is kidding themselves about the ultimate direction in which this is headed. There is this stat: The Islanders, per Natural Stat Trick, have recorded two of their three highest shot totals this season in the last two games, 37 against San Jose and 33 against Seattle on Tuesday. They did so rolling out a new-look top line of Zach Parise, Mathew Barzal and Kyle Palmieri, which has looked fairly dominant. Maybe they’ve found something. Maybe not. That top line, though, has been an issue all year, with the Islanders cycling through partners for Barzal and finding little. If this threesome ends up being the answer, then it will at least inspire a sigh of relief. The reality for the Islanders is that next year’s roster will likely end up looking a lot like this year’s roster, that the so-far disappointing Palmieri is under contract through 2025 and currently has a no-trade clause, and that a failure to compete this year has ramifications beyond the end of the league’s calendar. Also of note, the Islanders put together their performance Thursday with Josh Bailey a healthy scratch. Whether that becomes a trend — Trotz has been harsh on youngster Oliver Wahlstrom this year and noted afterward it wasn’t “one of his better games” — isn’t yet clear. But seeing what they have in Wahlstrom and the 23-year-old Kieffer Bellows is key for the Islanders for the rest of this season, and that math could leave Bailey, the team’s longest-tenured player, on the outside some nights. Why care about the last two months of a season that will often feel like going through the motions? That’s why. “That’s a clear picture of how we play when we’re successful,” Adam Pelech said following the game Thursday. “So I think it’s less frustration and more something for us to build off of.” At five-on-five, the Islanders rolled four lines, dominated the puck and created a majority of chances. They played the sort of hockey we’ve rarely seen from them this year, and did so for the second straight game. The penalty kill, 0-for-2 on the night, left something to be desired, but if not for the context of the season — and that is a rather large caveat to make — it would be an encouraging situation. “I thought we played a really good game,” Parise, who scored his 400th career goal, said. “Deserved a better outcome.” “You can walk away from games like this and if you play to that level every night, you get away with a lot of points,” Trotz said. “We were really good. The hockey gods didn’t bless us tonight.” Sustaining it almost certainly won’t get the Islanders in the playoffs. But it won’t be meaningless.