Morgan Barron played just his 10th game of the season, and first since Feb. 1, in the Rangers’ 4-1 win over the Capitals on Thursday night. The forward replaced Filip Chytil, who head coach Gerard Gallant said was “a little under the weather” with a non-COVID illness and unavailable to play. Skating on the third line, between Greg McKegg and Julien Gauthier, Barron had four shots on goal, three hits and a takeaway in 8:48. He was particularly active early, with three of the Rangers’ seven shots in the first period. “They created some chances, there’s no doubt they had two or three good chances,” Gallant said of the third line, which has been inconsistent this season due to a myriad of combinations. “I thought he actually scored the short side there, but he played well. He skated well and had a couple good bumps.” Barron has been an option both on the wing and at center, but hasn’t had much of an opportunity to showcase himself. When asked prior to the game in which spot he prefers to use Barron, Gallant said he hadn’t watched the 23-year-old enough to say. Gallant noted he thinks Barron likes skating in the middle more, but added that AHL Hartford head coach Kris Knoblauch said Barron could do both. “He’s played in some games and we’ve liked what he’s done,” Gallant said. “He’s been a guy called up and sent down and back up. Young player who I think can skate well, he’s practiced real hard for us the last little while. So just keep doing what he was doing when he played, he did a real good job when he played those games. “He’s a big guy that can skate real well and we want to see him.” Defenseman Patrik Nemeth was unavailable because his wife is expecting a baby. Rookie Zac Jones replaced the 30-year-old Swede on the third defensive pair next to Braden Schneider. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. The Rangers have earned points in six straight games (6-0-1), their second-longest point streak of the season. It is second to only the seven-game streak from Nov. 21 to Dec. 7. … The Rangers are tied for fourth in wins (33) and fifth in points (71) in the NHL. In honor of the late Emile Francis, who died Saturday at 95, the Rangers will wear a decal with the initials of their former goalie, head coach and general manager. The Garden held a moment of silence for Francis prior to puck drop Thursday.