Controversial admissions changes to the city’s competitive high schools will boost black and Hispanic enrollment by roughly 13 percent, a Department of Education official revealed this week. The agency’s new approach enlarges the grade range for kids placed in the top application tier. “If their average is 85 to 100, they will be in bucket one, and so on,” said the DOE’s Chief of Enrollment Sarah Kleinhandler at a Tuesday meeting organized by Queens Borough President Donovan Richards. Kleinhandler said the DOE modeled admissions by race before adopting a final plan. “When we modeled this, we saw that black and brown children had … the percentage of their access to these screened high schools went up 13 percent,” Kleinhandler said. Some parents have objected to the changes, arguing that they penalize top academic performers and lessen incentives for city kids to pursue top marks. Others assert that the new algorithms will disproportionately impact Asian kids, who have historically predominated at many of the city’s top high schools. Chancellor David Banks addressed the matter directly for the first time at Wednesday and suggested that the admissions changes were already being developed before his tenure. “As I got here, there were a number of things that were already in motion,” Banks said of the matter. “For right now we’ve come up with this new admissions criteria. We had to make a decision because parents need to make decisions on admissions sooner rather than later.” The head of the nation’s largest school system said the DOE was trying to balance rigor with righteousness. Banks said the pandemic upended traditional measures of academic achievement and that circumstances called for a different posture this year. “We’re not in a normal phase here,” Banks said. ‘We are trying to be as fair as we possibly can. We know there are a lot of parents who would prefer to see the admissions criteria exactly as it was before.” Banks said that the screening revamp would expand the pool of kids eligible for enrollment at competitive city schools. “We are trying to be fair and we are also trying to be equitable in giving as many of our kids an opportunity as possible,” he said. The schools chief stressed that the admissions system would be revisited next year based on the results of its implementation and parent feedback. Banks also reiterated Wednesday that the DOE is unlikely to tinker with the contentious admissions system for the the city’s eight specialized high schools. Those campuses rely on a single exam to determine entry. Banks said that the DOE was considering opening new specialized high schools with different admissions hurdles. “There will probably be a very different criteria for admissions to those schools that will not be based purely on what your score is on one single test,” he said.