President’s Day is just around the corner, and that means it’s time to enjoy some major savings. Deals are already rolling in, including these can’t-beat President’s Day prices on mattresses. But bedding discounts aren’t the only markdowns happening. HP, the leading technology company, is currently offering up to 70% off savings on laptops, printers, monitors and more. The sale runs until Feb. 26, and while you’re shopping away, score free shipping storewide. We searched the HP website to bring you the top deals being offered right now. So keep reading to explore the monumental savings you can snag during HP’s President’s Day Sale. Click one of the following links below to jump to a specific HP product: Shop all laptop deals here. Available in three various color options, you can look forward to a 15.6″ diagonal display and reliable performance. Better yet, it’s light design makes it ideal for travel. This top-performing laptop comes in two various color options. Both will give you a compact laptop, a precision touchpad with long battery life and a larger screen-to-body ratio. The HP 17 ENVY Laptop features QuickDrop, which allows you to easily share photos and videos, Intel Core processor and NVIDIA Graphics and a fingerprint reader for extra privacy. Shop all desktops here. If you’ve been searching for the perfect desktop buddy, you just found it. The HP 27 All-in-One features a touch display, a slim design and leather accents. You can also look forward to a pop-up privacy camera, acoustic-wrapped speakers, top-notch resolution and easy streaming. Made to keep up with your fast workflow, this sleek desktop PC gives you all of the storage you need. Plus, its design makes it great for fitting virtually anywhere. If gaming is your jam, then you’ll fall in love with this gaming desktop. It provides powerful graphics, high-speed performance and and comes int a space-saving customizable design. Shop all business PCs here. On the move? No worries. With power-packed graphics, an Intel Core processor and a long-lasting battery, this mobile workstation will meet all of your needs. Meet the ultimate on-the-go workstation. It’s compact design makes it perfect for those constantly on the move. It’s desktop-level storage capabilities also allows this PC to grow with you. Keep your work protected with this Pro Security Edition HP. It’s ultra light, includes a quiet keyboard, is protected by HP Wolf Security and guarantees a long battery life. The device also comes with Windows 10 and a free Windows 11 upgrade. Shop all printers here. Easily print, copy, scan and more with this all-in-one printer. During the brand’s President’s Day Sale, you can also land six months of Instant Ink. This all-in-one printer also prints, copies and scans, while also allowing for two-sided prints. You can also enjoy borderless photo prints and six months of Instant Ink with the optional HP+ printing system. Shop all monitors here. This monitor features ultra-wide viewing angles, ultimate color accuracy, Eyesafe technology and slim profile. You’ll be glad you took advantage of this sale. Enjoy 27-inches of pure bliss. The large screen allows for wide viewing angles,  impeccable detail and vibrant color. The thin bordered design also looks luxurious while giving you what you want. Enjoy viewing comfort with a moveable monitor, split screen capability and color accuracy. It’s the perfect device for both work and play. Shop all accessories here. Taking gaming into your own hands — literally.  This gaming mouse is comfortable while giving players precise, smooth tracking. The HP pen allows you to seamlessly write, draw and compute with it’s true-to-life feel. Enhanced N-trig technology is also sure to aid in your creative flow. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more reccomendations.