Former President Donald Trump slammed Hillary Clinton and New York State Attorney Letitia James in a lengthy statement Thursday – hours after the Democrats unloaded on him at a state party convention. Trump used his familiar insult of “Crooked Hillary Clinton” to accuse the former Senator and Secretary of State Clinton of spying on him as a candidate, then added “the now totally discredited Fake News Media does everything they can not to talk about it.” Clinton had lashed out at Trump during comments made in Times Square for state Democrat’s nominating convention as she faces scrutiny for a court filing by special counsel John Durham that accused her 2016 presidential campaign of paying for research to link Trump – then a GOP candidate running against Clinton — to Russia. “They’ve been coming after me again,” Clinton said at the convention earlier in the day. “It’s fine, the more trouble Trump gets into, the wilder the charges and conspiracy theories about me seem to get, so now his accountants have fired him and investigations draw closer to him,” Clinton said. Also Thursday, a Manhattan judge ruled that the ex-president and his children Ivanka and Donald Jr. would have to testify as part of James’ probe into the Trump Organization’s business dealings. James, who dropped a short-lived run for governor and is now seeking reelection as AG, said at the convention she wouldn’t be “bullied” by former Gov. Andrew Cuomo or Trump. Trump responded in his statement and exclaimed “THERE IS NO CASE.” “On the other hand, failed Gubernatorial candidate, Letitia James, can run for the office of AG on saying absolutely horrendous and false things about Donald Trump, a man she doesn’t know and has never met, go on to get elected, and then selectively prosecute him and his family,” Trump said, accusing James of trying “to interfere with my business relationships, and with the political process.” The former president said prosecutors “after viewing millions of pages of documents over many years” came up with a fringe benefits case on a car, an apartment and on grandchildren’s education. “With the rest of the case, even Cy Vance, who just left the DA’s office without prosecuting anything additional, because there isn’t anything additional to prosecute—THERE IS NO CASE!” he railed. “The targeting of a President of the United States, who got more votes while in office than any President in History, by far, and is a person that the Radical Left Democrats don’t want to run again, represents an unconstitutional attack on our Country—and the people will not allow this travesty of justice to happen,” Trump went on. “It is a continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in history—and remember, I can’t get a fair hearing in New York because of the hatred of me by Judges and the judiciary. It is not possible!”