Aside from our morning iced coffees, loved ones and Brad Pitt, we also thank our lucky stars for the online retailer that changed our lives for the better: Amazon. Not only do we cheer up when we see a Prime truck (and photos of sealed-up packages on our doorstep from the amazing drivers), but we also smile ear to ear when Amazon offers awesome savings on beauty products. Luckily, Amazon has a “most wished for” section that highlights some of the best beauty products you can snag while supplies last, from Olaplex’s No. 3 Hair Perfector to Revlon’s One-Step Blow-Dryer Brush (which we reviewed). The best part? Some of the items on this list are currently on sale! Whether you’re searching for a new shampoo or seeking the perfect skincare products for dry skin, this list is better than a trip from a fairy godmother. Ahead, find the top 20 beauty products Amazon shoppers are adding to their carts at this very moment. With these options, you’ll be ready to pamper yourself in no time (or rather, in just two days with Prime). We’re all about the organization. And, conveniently, Stori’s Audrey Stackable Cosmetic Organizer Drawers are well-priced at $25 right now and make it simple to store your nail polish, eyeshadow palettes and more. Whoever invented whitening paint for your teeth deserves an award (and a box of cookies). With Chrom’s bestselling formula, you’ll be working with vegan, dentist-developed ingredients that provide a shade of white for 24 hours at a time. If you want the true self-care shower experience, look no further than BodyRestore’s Shower Steamers. This 15-pack is ideal for making your bath smell like eucalyptus and peppermint, too. Eyeshadow sticks have been all the rage lately, and what better way to try out the latest trend than with Julep’s Eyeshado 101 stick? The now-$15 swiper is available in nearly every color under the sun and leaves a beautiful finish on your lids. Ah, enter Olaplex: the brand everyone and their mother (and sister, and cousin, too) can’t stop raving about. We tried it, too, and it is worth the hype. This treatment is for applying pre-shampoo, though Olaplex’s popular shampoo and conditioner bundle, along with the bonding oil, is also one of Amazon shoppers’ much-loved products. Meet the product that’s a No. 1 bestseller for reducing the appearance of stretch marks and fine lines. With a nongreasy, noncomedogenic (in other words, not clogging pores) formula, we’re not surprised it made the cut. After spending ample time at home, there’s nothing we love more than an at-home gel manicure kit. This $30 bundle contains 20 pieces for making your nails any color you’d like. Matte, sleek and totally Instagrammable. For the ultimate duo, The Honest Company has pregnant mamas covered with its Bump Love Bundle, featuring a decadent body butter and body oil to match. It’s hypoallergenic and dermatologist-tested, too, so it’s especially great for sensitive skin. While the popular Dyson Airwrap is seen all over TikTok (and then some), the Revlon One-Step Blow-Dryer brush continues to be a fan-favorite alternative that’s just under $40 right now. Plus, we understand all the hype after trying it for ourselves. For just about $25 right now, you can have expertly manicured nails from the comfort of your at-home salon (your bedroom, that is). The two-in-one nail glue doubles as a base coat, too. With all the gel manicure kits shoppers are adding ASAP to their carts, it’s best to hop on the fad we think will last a lifetime. A lip tint for less than $10? Yes, please! We’re gung-ho about this formula that comes in dreamy pinks and reds (perfect for Valentine’s Day, may we add). After reviewing some of the best night creams and sleeping masks, we’re fascinated by FaceTory’s Cloud Velvet Restoring Sleeping Mask that’s infused with probiotics and only $20. Doesn’t it just sound dreamy? For $11, there’s no better product to buy from Amazon if you’re looking for an exfoliant. This formula from Paula’s Choice contains salicylic acid, too, which is stellar for acne-prone skin especially. Face rollers have taken the Internet by storm, so hop on the bandwagon with Revlon’s Oil-Absorbing Volcanic Face Roller. It’s actually made of real volcanic stone which is known for absorbing oil quickly (aka, a dream for oily skin). While we tested the best vitamin C serums, we didn’t quite make it to Truckin. However, this serum is packed with hyaluronic acid, vitamin E, witch hazel and jojoba oil to make it a hydrating, soothing and acne-preventing blend for the masses. As one of the most raved-about acne spot treatments on the market, you can’t go wrong with purchasing Hero Cosmetics’ Mighty Patch. With 36 patches per pack, you’re snagging a great value at just $13 for an on-the-spot fix (pun totally intended). For protein powder, Vital Protein’s Collagen Peptides Powder is great to toss in your smoothie or coffee to help support joint health and hair strength. Not to mention, this unflavored option is perfect to toss into flavored beverages. We don’t have to tell you that claw clips are an everlasting trend. However, this dreamy neutral and chocolate brown set is perfect to match with any hair color for a seamless beauty look. CeraVe is a brand for one of the best body lotions — per dermatologists — so we’d be remiss if we omitted the brand’s Moisturizing Cream. It’s one of Amazon’s top beauty products and is especially great for dry skin. We can’t forget about the grooming kits here. This bundle is clad with everything from beard oil and conditioner to beard brush and scissors to have you trimmed to the nines. Not to mention, it’s an Amazon No. 1 bestseller. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.