Russia on Wednesday attempted to prove its forces were being withdrawn from Ukraine’s borders — but the United States and NATO remained unconvinced, instead insisting the Kremlin was still secretly beefing up its threatening presence and could strike at any moment. On the day Western officials had eyed as a likely invasion date, the Russian Defense Ministry released a video showing a trainload of armored vehicles moving across a bridge away from Crimea, the Black Sea peninsula that Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014. The move was heralded as proof that the Kremlin was sticking to its promise to return forces to their permanent bases. However, the Russian military offered few details, including how many troops or weapons were being withdrawn. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the US has seen “no meaningful pullback” of Russian troops, a scenario he called “deeply concerning.” “On the contrary, we continue to see forces, especially forces in the vanguard of any renewed aggression against Ukraine, continuing to be at the border, to mass at the border,” Blinken said in an interview on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” “President Putin’s put in place the capacity to act on very short notice,” Blinken said. “He can pull the trigger — he could pull it today. He could pull it tomorrow. He could pull it next week. The forces are there if he wants to renew aggression against Ukraine.” NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg insisted Wednesday that there was still no proof of a Kremlin drawdown — and warned that intelligence suggested the opposite. “So far, we have not seen any de-escalation on the ground,” Stoltenberg told reporters ahead of a two-day meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels. “On the contrary, it appears that Russia continues their military build-up,” he said. “What we see is that they have increased the number of troops, and more troops are on the way.” Stoltenberg echoed remarks by President Biden at the White House Tuesday, in which he said the US hadn’t “seen any evidence” of the promised withdrawal, and estimated that more than 150,000 Russian troops were still massed near Ukraine’s borders. That remained the case Wednesday, British Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said in a series of interviews. “We haven’t seen any evidence at the moment of that withdrawal,” Wallace told Times Radio. “Physical observations that we see show the opposite of some of the recent rhetoric coming out of the Kremlin,” he added to the BBC. Blinken was asked by host George Stephanopoulos during his appearance on ABC if the threat of an invasion was greater today than the day before. “From day to day, George, you can’t say it’s higher or lower. It’s there. It’s there. It’s real. We haven’t seen a pullback. We’d like to see one. If we see one, we would welcome it,” Blinken said. “We’re prepared for diplomacy. We’re prepared for aggression, prepared either way.” Also Wednesday, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met with Stoltenberg at NATO headquarters in Brussels, the first stop in a whirlwind trip that will take him on to Poland and Lithuania for further talks about the Russian military buildup. Austin will reiterate during his visit that the Atlantic alliance must uphold the international rules-based order, an administration official said. “We have to call out egregious attempts to undermine the rule of law, and we have to focus on our common values including upholding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of states,” the official said. The secretary will also relay the ongoing US commitment to NATO’s Article 5, which dictates that an attack on one NATO member is considered an attack on all members. Ukraine is not a NATO member, but has expressed a desire to join in recent years. Putin has demanded the West agree to a number of security guarantees, including barring Ukraine from joining NATO, as well as rolling back troops from Eastern Europe and not deploying missile systems in Ukraine. Meanwhile, Ukraine’s defense ministry said Wednesday that an unprecedented cyberattack was continuing into its second day. Russia said it had nothing to do with any such intrusion. Russian fighter jets also flew training missions over Belarus — which borders Ukraine to the north — and paratroopers held shooting drills at firing ranges there as part of massive war games that the West feared could be used as cover for an invasion of Ukraine. Belarusian Foreign Minister Vladimir Makei reaffirmed that all Russian troops will leave the country after the maneuvers wrap up Sunday. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky declared Wednesday as a “day of national unity,” and Ukrainians raised national flags, sang patriotic anthems and took to the streets in defiance of the massive Russian military force arrayed on their border. “We are united by a desire to happily live in peace,” Zelensky said in a video address to the nation. “We can defend our home only if we stay united.” The blue and yellow flag of Ukraine decorated many government buildings in the capital, Kiev. “Just a normal day, but these flags are here for a purpose, to show we fear no one. They did not scare us,” a man named Mykola, who operates a small coffee stand, told Reuters. Russia has denied having any invasion plans and has mocked Western warnings about an imminent invasion as “hysteria” and “madness.” Asked by German daily Welt if Russia was going to attack Wednesday, Russia’s ambassador to the European Union, Vladimir Chizhov, quipped: “Wars in Europe rarely start on a Wednesday.” “There won’t be an escalation next week either, or in the week after, or in the coming month,” he added. With Post wires