Are you of the mind that Wordle B-I-T-E-S since the New York Times took over? Looking for a new game to play? Fortunately, the ever-so-popular one-a-day word guessing game has inspired a slew of competition, ranging from fellow verbal challenges — both clean and obscene — to more niche puzzles that revolve around geography, the New York City subway system, choral music and even the vocabulary of Middle-Earth. Looking to expand those horizons and get hooked on a new daily challenge? Take a gander at these Wordle-inspired games. If you’re like this reporter and have the deep desire of gloating about your innate knowledge of global geography, then Worldle is the ideal game for you. Each day, players will be shown only the outline of a nation and have to type their guesses into a drop-down bar of each sovereign state on Earth in six attempts or fewer. Wrong guesses will show a percentage of how close in proximity the nation of the day actually is, along with how many kilometers or miles a guess is off by. There’s also a directional arrow that points toward the winning country. After playing, there’s an option to view the nation on Google Earth — and a chance to prep for the next day. At least there’s no delays online. Subwaydle challenges New Yorkers transit prowess by giving six different chances to come up with the correct route between two daily given subway stations — and yes, it includes not one, but two transfers each time. Players then select from a provided list of each NYC subway line (including the Staten Island Railway and shuttle services) before piecing the three-part trip together in sequential order. Today’s route was “from Franklin Avenue – Medgar Evers College to Sutphin Blvd using 2 transfers.” Better brush up on your J.R.R. Tolkien before playing this one. Just like Wordle, Lordle of the Rings is a five-word guessing game that’s exclusive to “the main text of ‘Lord of the Rings.'” So mythical names, places, and terms such as “Frodo,” “Bilbo,” “Rohan,” “Balrog,” “shire,” “Arwen,” “Gimli,” “Merry,” “dwarf,” and “troll” are all fair game. Here’s a self-explanatory game. Crosswordle is just like its original inspiration, only this time, there’s two intersecting words that combine as a mini crossword puzzle. There are still a few important differences here. Both words, which according to the game’s description are related to one another, must be guessed in full per turn. And unlike Wordle, there is no hard cutoff after six chances. Players are also given clues after each guess. The title pretty much sums it up here. Players of the math game Nerdle are challenged to find a daily sum by creating a logical equation of multiplication, subtraction, division, and/or addition in six or less attempts. The eight horizontal paneled game — which has 17,723 valid outcomes — also relies on a proper order of operations in solving, according to the game’s description. Yes, just like in high school algebra, you have to show your work and punch in both an equal sign and your sum at the end of the graph, which resembles a good ol’ Texas Instruments calculator. “We think it’s just as fun playing with numbers as playing with letters. See if you agree,” the description reads. The creator of this game basically said ‘give me Wordle, but make it four.’ Quordle is the same concept as Wordle, but there are instead four, five-letter puzzles to simultaneously solve in nine total guesses or less. What also makes the currently trending Quordle different is that it offers a practice mode for users to play in between rounds rather than having to wait another day for more. The creator, Freddie Meyer, also drew a line in the sand and said his intentions are quite different from those of Wordle’s creator, Josh Wardle, who sold the game to the Times for a reported seven-figure sum last month. “I have no plans to monetize Quordle, I just enjoy watching everyone enjoy this insane game,” Meyer wrote about his game, which has been played more than a million times. Choir music lovers, here’s your chance to shout “hallelujah!” But you still can’t spell it in Byrdle, a five-letter renaissance music “parody” of Wordle. Named for 16th-century English composer William Byrd, only words like “psalm” and “quire” are accepted in the self-confessed sarcastic spinoff that’s apparently drawn a vocational following. Answers may include proper nouns, plurals and musical terms in languages other than English, the game notes. A game like this will have you dipping into your mind’s gutter. Lewdle is a curse- and naughty-worded take on Wordle, where five-letter answers are as obscene as they come. So only answers like “d- -ks,” “t- -ty” and “q- -ef,” will be accepted. Perhaps Lewdle is not the best study guide for kids to enhance their vocabulary — or maybe it is.