Ahead of summer and spring, stock up on a few great outdoor toys you know your little ones will love all season long. The backyard is the best place to be when the weather gets hot, provided you have toys and outdoor games. But whether it’s your home’s green space or a nearby park, you can turn the great outdoors into a waterpark, soccer field, obstacle course and anything else your little one can imagine with the right playthings. See below for a list of this year’s best outdoor toys from water sports for the hottest days of summer to backyard staples like play sets and trampolines that will make you the envy of your neighborhood. The countdown to summer blasts off in three…two…one… Well, as soon as you blow up this sprinkler from FUNBOY at least. The rocket-shaped inflatable can be easily hooked up to your backyard hose, turning it into a sprinkler system in an instant. At over 7.5 feet, this is fun for the whole family, big kids and adults included. There’s always a rainbow after the rain, and this inflatable brings both right into your backyard. Sold at Wayfair, this PoolCandy sprinkler system is the perfect way to cool down while encouraging the kiddos to play outside in the sunshine. The sprinkler hooks up to a standard hose and sprays water in all directions for hours of fun in the sun. Turn your backyard into a tropical oasis with this Funboy kiddie pool. It has room to fit up to four kiddos and bound to make pool time that much more fun. If you don’t live by the beach but want your kids to get some tactile play in the sand, this activity table is for you. Sold at Wayfair, this two-in-one table features one side for sand and one for water, complete with drainage holes and plenty of toys to keep them busy. Sand isn’t included, but once you get your hands on some, they’ll never want to come inside again, especially since the set comes with an umbrella to keep them cool. Swing your way into a fun summer with this saucer set from Wayfair. All your kids will be anxiously awaiting this set to come in the mail, and for you to assemble it for them, so they can play UFO in the yard. The green saucer swing is big enough for two users at a time, with two foam headrests for a relaxing swing. The steel frame is rust-resistant and the chains are all covered in smooth PVC to eliminate the chance of pinched or cut fingers. Note: this item will be back in stock on March 2. The kids will jump for joy when they look out back and see their new summer trampoline. This 10-foot trampoline is fun for the whole family, and safe too, with a mesh and zipper enclosure to prevent kids from falling off the side. Sold at Wayfair, it is weather-resistant, rain or shine, and has padded safety poles on all sides to prevent any accidents. Is your little one an ultimate ninja warrior? Put them and their energy levels to the test with this customizable obstacle course and slackline from Amazon. After you find two trees or sturdy ends to hang the line, attach as many or as little of the assorted ropes, hoops and swings using the included hardware. Start easy and then keep customizing as your little one gets better and better. The sand box is a staple of childhood, and now you can have one in your own backyard. Stay shielded from the sun as your little ones play all day, as the set comes with a blue canopy with an adjustable height. After you’re done playing, lower the canopy all the way to cover the sand and keep it nice and clean until playtime starts again tomorrow. Is this your house or the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse? Teach your kid the joy of golf with a mini-set of their own, decorated with Mickey Mouse himself. Find the hidden Mickey’s on the clubs, cover and even the hole, that comes with an easy-to-use ramp and two ears, of course. If your yard wasn’t blessed with good climbing trees, that’s all in the past now. These adjustable climbing holds attach easily to any tree, serving as hand and footholds to propel yourself up and come back down again safely. The set from Amazon comes with 12 holds and six straps and can be arranged and rearranged as many times as you please. Make summertime fun a slam dunk with this mini basketball set perfect for any yard or driveway. Found at Amazon, the set is under $40 and will provide hours of fun for your little basketball star. The rim’s height is adjustable as well, growing with your child from rookie to baller. Bring the jungle gym right to your backyard with this climbing tower sold on Amazon. It’s durable, high quality and the plastic material features UV protective for long lasting outdoor play in the sun. Bring Sunday Funday to the next level with this epic bounce house that can be inflated in minutes. It featured extra large racing slides and heavy-duty material so your family is able to use it for years to come. Create a mini water park right in your backyard with this splash pond water table that creates endless STEM fun for your child. It has more than 13,000 Amazon reviews and includes a large bucket, a rubber duck, one frog water squirter, one fish water squirter and more. What child (or adult) doesn’t love bubbles? This fun kit is on sale for just $15 and creates giant bubbles — bound to keep your kids entertained for hours. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.