Jamie Lee Curtis is finally done with her role as Laurie Strode in the seemingly never-ending “Halloween” franchise. The series is set to die on Oct. 14, 2022, when “Halloween Ends” drops in theaters. Curtis, 63, marked her character’s end and said goodbye to the famed horror series on Tuesday, sharing a slew of photos from the film series on social media and announcing that she was done playing the role. “A bittersweet END for me on the Halloween movies,” she captioned the black-and-white snaps from the film’s shoot, which began in January and wrapped this month. “I’ve made great friends and have collaborated with wonderful artists on these three movies and today my part in the film has been completed and with it the END for me of this trilogy. “It’s all because of the fans who have always supported me and more importantly, Laurie,” the “Knives Out” star added before giving a hat tip to production companies Blumhouse, Trancas, Miramax, Rough House Pictures and Universal Pictures. She also paid tribute to her “Strode Strong women” co-stars Judy Greer, “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” fixture Kyle Richards and Andi Matichak — and even shouted out her “nemesis,” James Jude Courtney, a k a the masked murderer Michael Myers himself. “I love this crew and cast and I will miss you all,” Curtis concluded. “We can’t wait for the fans to see the movie.” Curtis — who is the daughter of scream queen and “Psycho” legend Janet Leigh and actor Tony Curtis — made her film acting debut in John Carpenter’s “Halloween” back in 1978. The actress reprised the role of Laurie in several sequels, spanning from 1981 until, most recently, “Halloween Kills” last year. It previously was announced in December that “RHOBH” star Richards, 53, would be joining Curtis once again in “Halloween Ends.” Richard portrayed Lindsey Wallace in the original film as the little kid whom Laurie babysits when she was just 8 years old. The reality personality also made an appearance in 2021’s “Halloween Kills,” and while filming Richards had a bit of bad luck when she broke her nose. “I didn’t know it was broken when it happened,” Richards told Us Weekly in October. “I just knew I hurt myself, but I didn’t tell anybody. I didn’t want the stunt double to step in and have them be like, ‘Oh Kyle, you know, let the stunt double handle this.’ ” To ease her pain, Richards said she popped some Advil that an assistant director gave her — and got right back to her craft. However, it wasn’t until she returned home to Los Angeles that she felt like something was not right. “As I got back to LA … I was like, ‘What is going on?’ Then my makeup artist in LA said, ‘You have a bone poking out of here. What’s going on?’ And so I went to the doctor,” the mother of four said of the shocking discovery. “It didn’t bleed, so I thought I was fine. It was hurting for a long time.”