We’ll keep this intro short. Shorts are the go-to for most men during the hotter months of spring and summer, letting their knees and below catch some rays. Since it’s been a while since we could show some leg (we have much to thank the best men’s joggers for in colder temps, after all) here’s a brief recap. Shorts of all fabrics and lengths are cool for the summer, with many serving up unique and important purposes, such as sports shorts for running, swim shorts for the water and a classy pair to wear on the golf course or to an outdoor dinner date. If your wardrobe is still full of ratty pairs or outdated styles, our recommendations below have got you covered — well, from the knee up, anyway. Below, find the 20 best men’s shorts of 2022 from lululemon, Nike, Amazon and more. Whether it’s a gift for yourself or a treat for your partner, it’s shorts season, baby — and we’re all too excited about it. Combining the comfort of sweatpants with the length of shorts, this City Sweat pair from Lululemon is perfect for lounging and for working out. Made of super-soft French terry fabric, the 9-inch shorts hit just above the knee for a full-coverage fit. They come in either navy blue or light gray and range in size from a men’s XS through an XXL on the site. For just $16 a pair, you’ll want to pick up these comfy and versatile men’s shorts in just about any color. Perfect for a day out and about or an evening dinner, you can’t go wrong with the 100% cotton pair. The size range is generous, too, offered from 28 to 44. Aside from this warm-weather-ready fit, we adore the gray shorts with a faint pineapple design, the bestselling basic gray that looks great with a brown belt and the classic khaki, another bestseller. As one of our favorite brands for men’s joggers, it’s no surprise Cozy Earth’s Ultra-Soft Slim Fit Bamboo Jogger Shorts made the cut. We’ve gifted them to our loved ones — with the matching t-shirt, too — and are obsessed with how marshmallow-soft they feel. Plus, they’re super breathable,  come in five different neturals and are available from sizes S to 3XL. Seriously, don’t walk — run. Sweat sets have been the reigning champions of the fashion game for a while now, so why should warmer weather stop you from rocking them? Champion thinks it’s time for a shorter style in time for spring, offering their Reverse Weave Cut-Offs as a great option. They come in a trendy light beige, as well as light gray, perfect to pair with a matching hoodie or your favorite tee shirt before or after hitting the gym. For a budget-friendly pair of shorts that come in multiple colorways (including this sought-after khaki), shop Dockers’ Shorts. Its 100% cotton, button closure and machine wash description are exactly what we look for, too. What’s more, these shorts have one of the widest size ranges we’ve seen — 28 to 60! — and are your next dresser drawer essential. Let’s be real — basketball shorts are truly the comfiest, right? Stock up your basic essentials drawer with Roadbox’s two-pack of stretchy-waistband shorts that are just as breathable as they are practical. Oh, and that $21 price is simply delightful. Speaking of essentials, you already know Adidas was going to snuggle its way into this roundup. The wear-all-day basic has a secure fit, so it’s great for working out. Not to mention, its size range spans from XS to 4XL-tall, along with coming in multiple color options. For sprinting, dashing and warming up, Nike’s Dri-Fit Run Division Flex Stride Shorts are a quality, sporty option. Available in purple, light blue and black, too, the relaxed and breezy feel is also sustainably made, so you’ll feel good about your purchase — along with feeling good on your run. Keeping it classy on the golf course or at the backyard barbecue has never been easier with this pair of modern shorts from Liverpool Los Angeles. The Modern Fit Twill Short is an elevated style that hits just above the knee with a classic five-pocket silhouette. The shorts come in a neutral gray color, along with many others. And hurry, this style sells out rather quickly. If you’re training your core during a workout or treating it to a beer by the beach, these Kore sports shorts are a great wardrobe get. From Vuori, the Kore Short comes in 14 amazing colors — two for every day of the week if you train hard enough. They’re perfect for any sport, as they are long enough for running without chafing but loose enough to keep you cool while your body heats up. They also come with an attached boxer brief, so all you need are these shorts and you’re good to go. Light wash, dark wash, distressed. No matter your preference for jean shorts, H&M has it handled. The slim style is flattering for most body types — and with your choice of wash and distress, there is really something for everybody in this collection. For $30, you may want to stock up on every color and a few sizes, ranging from a 28 to a 38 on the site. Get back in shape this summer, both in terms of the health of your body and of your closet. Reebok’s United by Fitness Epic+ Shorts is truly essential if you plan to work up a sweat. They’re made of super lightweight and sweat-wicking fabric to keep you cool and feature laser-cut perforations to keep them air-flowing and breathable. Be it land or sea, these Gravity Shorts from Devereux are a perfect fit for all summer activities. The dual-purpose shorts can be worn in the water during a swim, fully equipped with mesh pockets and then worn again on dry land with quick-drying fabric, making that transition as seamless as possible. Chinos are a staple in any well-dressed man’s closet, so the shorter version should be as well for the spring and summer, right? Warp + Weft thinks so, offering up their updated seven-inch take on the classic pant. Their shorts come in either off-white or a super-dark navy blue, both easy to style with a nice button-up for a classy outfit or a basic tee for an everyday look. Ah, another pair of above-the-knee chinos we adore. Specifically, this jewel-toned green is out of sight. Available in six other wonderful colors and three types of fit — standard, slim and athletic — this pair is worth the buy, for sure. You can also choose the short length and enjoy its fun-patterned inside for some spring and summer flair. No cap: streetwear is on-trend and so are these shorts. Kappa knows what’s up when it comes to men’s fashion and what’s cool for the summer. Its 222 Banda Marvzin 2 Shorts come in black and olive, are made from super-soft French terry fabric and hit right above the knee for a baggy and comfy look. We’re not at all surprised the Real Essentials 5-Pack is a No. 1 bestseller on Amazon. The value is unmatched. But more importantly, let’s talk about the relaxed-fit shorts. Not only is there a pair to hit the gym in before or after work for Monday to Friday, but its polyester and spandex design — paired with a drawstring closure — makes them comfy and unstoppable. Tansozer’s Casual Classic Fit Shorts are noteworthy for a few reasons. First, its drawstring and elastic waist make them almost like loungewear. Secondly, the price point for the quality is impeccable. Available in XS to 3XL, they’re fit for everyone — pun absolutely intended. While we like all nine color options, this light blue is especially great for the warmer months. Enter another Amazon bestseller: Wrangler Authentics’ Classic Cargo Stretch Short. For less than $50, these comfortable and versatile bottoms are just what you need to welcome spring and summer. The shorts are available in sizes 30 to 54, too, offering a solid range with a good amount of colors to choose from. As the premier brand for all things nautical (of course), resort to Nautica for all your warm-weather needs. Available in eight fresh colors, these chino deck shorts are fairly priced, traditional and look great with a pair of white sneakers or boat shoes. Not to mention, they’re an Amazon’s Choice, fan-favorite style. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.