Newly acquired Ben Simmons isn’t exactly sure when he will be able to suit up for the Nets, but the three-time All-Star expressed that he’s “super-excited” to land in Brooklyn after experiencing what he described as “dark times” at the end of his tenure with the Sixers. In his first public comments since the tumultuous conclusion of his final season in Philadelphia last June, Simmons addressed his trade request and criticism and skepticism he faced over his time away from the team for the entirety of this season, partly to take care of his mental health. “I’ve had some dark times over the last six months and I’m just happy to be in this situation with this team and organization,” Simmons said in a press conference Tuesday at the Nets’ practice facility. “People are gonna say what they want. They’ve said it the last six months and I haven’t commented and it is what it is. People are always gonna have their own opinions. “But I think just the way everybody’s welcomed me here has been great. It’s been a very positive experience, just being here so far. And I’m looking forward to what’s to come.” Simmons, who was flanked on a podium by Nets general manager Sean Marks and coach Steve Nash, added he’s “definitely” excited for a fresh start. He also joked “we’ll be here all day” if he responded to all of the criticism he generated until his inclusion in the blockbuster trade that jettisoned unhappy All-Star guard James Harden from Brooklyn last week. “I think I didn’t sleep much the first few days, but overall it’s been a great experience so far,” the 25-year-old Simmons said. “The organization has welcomed me like their own and whatever I need they’ve been very supportive with that, which has been great, same as the players. Super excited to get out there eventually and play.” The 6-foot-11 point guard wouldn’t project a timetable for his Nets debut, although he replied “I hope so” when asked if he expects to be playing well ahead of a potential return game in Philadelphia on March 10. “I don’t have a date yet. But I’m working towards getting back to the floor … I’m starting to ramp it up,” Simmons said. While he has spoken with Sixers owner Josh Harris, GM Elton Brand, coach Doc Rivers and teammates such as Tobias Harris since the trade, Simmons notably acknowledged that he has not spoken to All-Star center Joel Embiid, who had been critical of him publicly since last season ended. “For me, it was just making sure mentally I was right to get out there and play. So that’s something that I’ve been, dealing with. And it wasn’t about the fans or coaches or comments made by anybody; it was just a personal thing for me,” Simmons said. “It was a bunch of things I was dealing with as a person in my personal life that I don’t really want to go into depth with. “But yeah, I’m here now. So it’s a blessing to be in an organization like this. And I’m just looking forward to getting back on the floor, and doing something great here.” With Kevin Durant presently sidelined with a knee injury and Kyrie Irving eligible only for the majority of road games due to his unvaccinated COVID-19 status, the Nets had lost 11 consecutive games before winning Monday night against Sacramento at Barclays Center. Simmons sat on the bench, while the two players acquired with him in the blockbuster deal — shooter Seth Curry and big man Andre Drummond — moved into the starting lineup in their Nets debuts. “I’m excited to get on the floor with these guys, incredible team, incredible talent, so I’m super excited,” Simmons said when asked about eventually playing alongside Durant and Irving. “I think it’s gonna be scary. Having those guys run alongside me, multiple different weapons on the floor. I think at the pace we want to play at, it’s going to be unreal.”