A TV series is heading to the shaggy head of the possibly temporary head of the British government. Its prime minister is about to get a really close shave. If Her Maj hasn’t enough problems with dumb Prince Harry, damn Prince Andrew and dim Prince Charles, comes now a takeoff on the Queen’s world. It’s more heavy lies the crown, etc. Like a fictitious fractious version of PM Boris Johnson. A downmarket look at his office to be titled “Downing Street.” This prime minister grabbing prime time was born in the US and to become leader of the UK took a strong gizzard. Born Alexander Boris de Pfeffel, married multiple times, daddy of multiple children, survivor of a sex scandal and — per the current fiasco — also the giver of parties during CV’s lockdown. Enough already with dramas about not jolly old England. Helen Mirren and Olivia Colman have squatted on the throne more often than Elizabeth. We’ve had “The Crown,” “The Queen,” “The King’s Speech,” “The Last Kingdom,” a Princess Di thing. More Hail Britannias than the US ever gave Lincoln. So, now, this new series will crash into the central character’s background and underground complete with a string of crises, scandals, secrets to hide, guerilla press — and maybe his hairdresser’s private phone number. Boris has now become porous. YESTERDAY was Presidents’ Day. Today we the people monitor burps from some of our great leaders. Arnold Schwarzenegger: “Gay marriage is something that should be between a man and a woman.” . . . TED Kennedy about then-fiancée Victoria Reggie: “She’s a wonderful wonderful person, and we’re looking forward to a happy and wonderful night — er, life.” . . . RONALD Reagan: “Facts are stupid things.” . . . DAN Quayle (pardon the expression) who once limped for VP: “A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.” . . . MITT Romney: “Look at the last election. The reason Republicans lost can be summed up in two words — 47 percent.” . . . BOB Dole: “You can only sweep the sidewalk so many times.” . . . SITTING President Richard Nixon to then-attorney general: “Damn it, forget the law.” . . . DONALD Rumsfeld: “Bin Laden is either alive and well or alive and not too well or not alive.” . . . SPIRO Agnew: “I would have to say this: If you’ve seen one city slum you’ve seen them all.” . . . BARFER Biden: “A man I’m proud to call my friend — Barack America.” (There is nothing else to add, because so far he’s added nothing.) EITHER things are coming alive — or my mail is getting heavier. Comes announcement that May 20’s the 88th annual Drama League awards. Nominations are April 25. The notification includes photos of Lin-Manuel Miranda because of whatever he got in 2016, plus Bryan Cranston who got whatever he got in 2019 . . . ALSO comes invite to Clive Davis’ 90th birthday party — cocktails and seated dinner and note telling you to “come dressed pretty.” YORKVILLE’S Four Freedoms Democratic Club. District Leader Alex Bores and State Committeeman Adam Roberts are hustling for Assemblyman Dan Quart’s vacating seat in the 73rd AD. Their moms are Judicial and Alternate Delegates. Also, Brad Hershenson, should you care, the 76th AD’s Assembly member Rebecca Seawright’s son, got elected Alternate Judicial Delegate. It’s a family affair. BIG-TIME casinos someday entering Manhattan? So listen: This dude found a parking spot, fed money into the meter, the mechanism worked. And what happened was he lost his Chrysler. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.