Matt Harvey admitted to cocaine use while playing for the Mets, during testimony Tuesday in a trial involving former Angels employee Eric Kay, who is accused of supplying Tyler Skaggs with drugs that may have killed the pitcher. Skaggs was found dead in a Southlake, Texas hotel room in July 2019 after choking on his own vomit. Toxicology reports concluded Skaggs was under the influence of fentanyl, oxycodone and alcohol. Harvey, a teammate of Skaggs’ with the Angels at the time, received a subpoena and was granted immunity from prosecution to testify, according to ESPN. The former All-Star revealed he had used cocaine while pitching for the Mets. Asked by defense attorney Michael Molfetta if he had lied about that usage in New York, Harvey said, “No one really asked.” Reached by phone, Harvey’s manager for most of his Mets tenure, Terry Collins, was asked if he was surprised to hear the pitcher had admitted to cocaine usage. “The answer is, probably not,” Collins told The Post. “There was a testing program going on throughout Major League Baseball. We weren’t allowed to do any of our own stuff. There were accusations that were being thrown around the clubhouse, for sure, but I had no proof of it at all. I can just tell you what guys were saying. “There was a time I addressed an off-the-field issue with one of the other guys on the team and his statement was, ‘Well, I’m not doing what Matt Harvey is doing.’ I said, ‘This isn’t about Matt Harvey, this is about you.’ I tried to get off that subject as fast as I could. Was there knowledge in the clubhouse? Without question.” MLB’s testing program at the time — it has been amended since Skaggs’ death — did not test players for “drugs of abuse” (including cocaine) without reasonable cause that a player had used, sold or distributed such a drug in the previous 12-month period. Reasonable cause extended beyond rumors, and to be established needed eyewitness testimony or evidence. Harvey’s tumultuous Mets tenure included a missed game, for which he was suspended, after a night of partying in 2017 and instances of reporting late to the ballpark. Harvey notably went AWOL from the Mets workout at Citi Field before the team traveled to Los Angeles for the NL Division Series in 2015. Sandy Alderson, the Mets general manager during most of Harvey’s Mets tenure — he has since returned to the organization as team president — declined comment through a team spokesman as did GM Billy Eppler, who served in the same role for the Angels at the time of Skaggs’ death. Former Mets COO Jeff Wilpon also declined comment. Collins said the Mets tried to address Harvey’s rumored cocaine usage without accusing him of it. “Was there a time someone said, ‘Are you on something?’ without naming anything? That was probably brought up,” Collins said. “But pretty much you addressed it as, ‘Look, you have got to clean up your off-the-field situation.’ That was it.” Harvey was so despondent at times that he openly talked about killing himself, according to a source. Collins acknowledged Monday that Harvey’s behavior was erratic enough to warrant counseling with the Mets’ mental skills coach. “Certainly, that was addressed,” Collins said. “Again, it’s Matt, and one time he talked about, ‘I should just kill myself.’ That’s kind of a common excuse. You try to deal with it the best you can. We certainly tried to get him help, get him some assistance.” Harvey, according to ESPN, testified he took Percocet that he received from a hockey player. According to The Athletic, Skaggs asked Harvey for Percocet or oxycodone and Harvey shared the pills in June 2019. Molfetta asked Harvey if he wished he had told Skaggs to be careful. “Obviously looking back, I wish I had,” Harvey said. “… Guys are constantly doing what they can to stay on the field. At the time I thought I was being a good teammate.” If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org. — Additional reporting by Ken Davidoff