If this was Rory McIlroy holding something back, imagine what he really thinks about Phil Mickelson’s recent comments about doing business with Saudi Arabia. As the golf world faces questions about players potentially breaking off to join the Super Golf League — which is backed by funding from Saudi Arabia — Mickelson drew ire for indicating he was willing to put the country’s issues aside to, at the very least, gain leverage with the PGA Tour. “They’re scary motherf–kers to get involved with,” Mickelson told author Alan Shipnuck, who is writing a book on the six-time major champion but released the interview excerpt to “The Firepit Collective” website last week. “We know they killed [Washington Post reporter Jamal] Khashoggi and have a horrible record on human rights. They execute people over there for being gay. Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it? Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates.” On Sunday, McIlroy was asked about Mickelson’s comments. “I don’t want to kick someone while he’s down obviously, but I thought they were naïve, selfish, egotistical, ignorant,” McIlroy told reporters at the Genesis Invitational. “A lot of words to describe that interaction he had with Shipnuck. It was just very surprising and disappointing, sad. I’m sure he’s sitting at home sort of rethinking his position and where he goes from here.” In the interview with Shipnuck, Mickelson also claimed he recruited three other “top players” for the Super Golf League. However, two more top players made it clear on Sunday that they were not interested in joining the league, as Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau both announced they were committed to the PGA Tour. “Who’s left to go?” McIlroy said. “I mean, there’s no one. It’s dead in the water in my opinion. I just can’t see any reason why anyone would go.” Mickelson admitted in the interview that “I’m not sure I even want it to succeed,” adding that just the “idea” of the Saudi league could allow players to get a better deal with the PGA Tour.