When Mike Golic Sr. and Mike Greenberg started doing mornings on ESPN Radio in 1998, they were only heard on a handful of affiliates. By the time they were done, they approached 350 stations. By being on the ground floor, Golic and Greenberg were helped in creating a longtime radio hit. Golic and Greenberg broke up in 2018 after one of the more successful runs in sports radio history. A little more than a year ago, ESPN cut Golic entirely. But now, Golic is having a second act and adding gigs, left and right. The latest is a once-a-week, hour-long video podcast for DraftKings with irreverent Meadowlark personality, Jessica Smetana. The duo will discuss sports, while diving into pop culture as well. As is seemingly always the case with Golic, it is a little bit of a family affair, as Smetana graduated from Notre Dame a little more than five years ago with Golic’s daughter, Sydney. “I’m sure we’ll have some fun with the generational gap, as well,” said Golic, 59, who is, obviously, old enough to be Smetana’s father. For DraftKings, this continues its growth as a sports media platform. It already has a relationship with Dan Le Batard’s Meadowlark podcast network, and it also bought VSiN, which DraftKings views as the CNBC of sports betting. Golic’s son, Mike Golic Jr., may not be far behind, as he just left ESPN, as well. DraftKings or Meadowlark — maybe both — seem like obvious destinations. “My answer is this: Mike is 32 years old,” Golic Sr. said. “He’s controlling his destiny. I will let him answer that when he feels it is appropriate to answer what he’s going to do next. I say that as a professional line, but, really, I’m not saying anything before he says anything because he’ll beat me up.” For ex-ESPNers, there is a lot of life after Bristol, in large part because sports gambling companies are changing media. Le Batard, Kenny Mayne, Trey Wingo and Golic Sr. are among those that have aligned with the new platforms. Golic Sr. has been busy since leaving ESPN. For Peacock/NBC Sports’ “Pro Football Talk,” he teamed with Mike Florio on Mondays during the NFL season. Golic Sr. loves calling games. For Westwood One radio, he was in the booth during the year and worked the sidelines for the Super Bowl. For Learfield, he did a college game of the week on syndicated radio. He worked podcast and preview shows for both entities. He is also frequently on Jon Weiner’s podcast, “STUpodity.” “I did a lot,” Golic said. “At one point, my wife even said, ‘Geez, I think you might be busier than you were at ESPN.’ So I think I’m going to take a look at everything I did and obviously streamline.” Golic’s body clock has finally adjusted to not automatically waking up at 4:15 a.m., as he did for two decades teaming with Greenberg and then Wingo for the morning shows. Golic Sr. did not want to leave ESPN a year ago. “They just didn’t want me anymore,” Golic said. “I always equated it to the two teams that cut me. They cut me. I didn’t think I should be cut, just like I didn’t think I should leave ESPN.” Golic Sr. even proposed a reunion with Greenberg, but it never went anywhere. Golic Sr. said he was too young to retire. Now, he’s on the ground floor as DraftKings amps up its media arm. For sports gambling platforms, it is about engaging customers. DraftKings’ chief media officer, Brian Angiolet, views Golic Sr. as someone viewers trust and respect. Golic Sr. has always had a likeability factor. It is, at times, an underrated characteristic when media executives judge what works on the air. While ESPN didn’t think it needed Golic Sr., plenty of others have wanted to work with him. DraftKings has expanded its relationship with him. “It will be interesting to see where gambling is in the next three to five years,” Golic Sr. said. With Lindsey Vonn working the Olympics for NBC, Papa Clicker reviewed Vonn’s “RISE, My Story.” This is not a “tell all” book but, rather, a story of a young child who had a vision to be a world-class skier and did so overcoming depression, injuries with the help of family and friends. It receives 4.35 out 5 clickers, which is akin to a silver medal.