It was a welcome “Family Reunion.” After going missing over the weekend, “Insecure” actress Jaida Benjamin was discovered safe early Tuesday morning — and her mother told The Post that she is “relieved.” The Los Angeles Police Department confirmed that they’d located Benjamin, 27, around Ventura Boulevard and Colfax Avenue in Studio City — near where she was last spotted before disappearing, CBS Los Angeles reported. “We didn’t get any sleep at all. My phone is ringing off the hook. I barely got two hours sleep. But I’m relieved at the same time,” Jaida’s mom, Jocinda Benjamin, told The Post when asked for comment. “She’s at the hospital for evaluation and ongoing treatment,” Jocinda continued, dispelling an erroneous report that Jaida was back with family. She added that there was no known date for when she might return home. The Post has reached out for comment from the LAPD. It’s yet unclear how the North Carolina native — who also worked as Jaida-Iman Benjamin — was found or why she went missing, although the star reportedly suffers from bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. The fortuitous find concluded a harrowing saga that began when Jaida was reported missing Monday after being spotted in the Studio City area on Saturday, Feb. 19, according to a flyer released by the LAPD. The Charlotte native’s mother had implored the public for help in a heartbreaking Instagram message on Monday. “Never thought I’d ever have to make this type of post,” the distraught parent wrote. “My baby is missing please help me find her. I can’t breathe.” Meanwhile, Jaida’s aunt, Jihan Jonhson, tweeted an LAPD flyer featuring up to date descriptions of the missing actress. The entertainer’s info was subsequently shared by family members as well as a number of celebrities, including “The Real Housewives of Atlanta” star Porsha Williams, “The Walking Dead” actor Vincent M. Ward, rapper MC Lyte and “Vampire Diaries” star Kendrick Sampson. Many of Jaida’s supporters voiced concern that the rising star’s disappearance was related to apparent ongoing mental health struggles. Earlier this month, Jocinda revealed that her daughter intended to take a break from showbiz in part due to personal issues. “In light of the recent tragic news of multiple suicides, combined with our own mental health concerns, Jaida and I have decided to take a much needed hiatus from the entertainment industry,” the self-described “Momager” posted on Feb. 2. “We truly appreciate everyone’s love & support over the years and ask for prayers and positive thoughts during this challenging time.” Along with starring as Kelly in “Family Reunion,” Jaida has made cameos in “Austin & Ally,” “Southland,” “Criminal Minds,” “The Fosters” and many other TV series. The rising talent most recently starred in the 2021 flick “Christmas With My Ex” and has a thriller, “Devilreaux,” in post-production, per her IMDB profile. 