New customers that sign up at FanDuel Sportsbook can claim a Risk-Free Bet of up to $1,000, as the NHL season continues this week. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1,000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet, or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. The Vancouver Canucks take on the New Jersey Devils with both teams looking to improve amid rough seasons. The Canucks are on a three-game winning streak while the Devils have only won 18 of their 52 games this season. Making up ground in the Pacific Division is hard to come by for the Canucks, while the Devils are hoping to climb out of last place in the Metropolitan Division. Elsewhere in the NHL, the Toronto Maple Leafs face the Washington Capitals with both teams playing great hockey this season. With 62 wins between them, the playoffs look likely for both sides. Monday will be an entertaining matchup, with two free-scoring teams. Boston Bruins travel West to take on the Los Angeles Kings in the first meeting between the two sides this season. The Bruins are on a four-game win streak, and are starting to roll right before the postseason stretch run begins. The  Kings are entering this game after defeating the New York Islanders, 5-2. Currently 2nd in the Pacific Division, the Kings will be looking to make it six wins in a row tonight. Alongside an impressive new customer offer, FanDuel sportsbook also looks after its existing customers with some exciting promotions. 21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Place a 4+ leg parlay wager on any NHL or College Basketball game and if one leg loses, you get a refund in site credit. There’s plenty of NCAAB action this week, so be sure to make the most of this promotion. Maximum stake $25.  21+. NY, AZ, CO, CT, IA, IL, IN, MI, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. T&C apply. Got friends that haven’t got a FanDuel account? Earn yourself a free bet for every friend you sign up by clicking on ‘Earn $50’ on the left side of the main page of the desktop site. Once your friend is signed up, and placed a wager of $10 or more, you will get $50, with your friend also getting $50.