If you waved goodbye to a job this year, chances are you are part of the larger tsunami of job changes, now dubbed the “Great Resignation.” Changing careers isn’t a bad thing, especially if you’ve realized you have outgrown your position, have a toxic work environment or perhaps your passions have simply changed. Sometimes the grass really is greener on the other side. However, with this influx of quitting and hiring and quitting some more, how do you keep your head above water and come out on the other side of the Great Resignation with a new job that’s right for you? We wanted that answer, too, which is why we asked an expert at one of the top job board sites around for some tips and tricks. Julia Pollak, Chief Economist at ZipRecruiter, was kind enough to lay it all out for us, answering career questions you may be too nervous to ask your boss about, but certainly need to know if you’re on the hunt for a new position during these crazy times. Really, the question is what is it and also why should you care? Well, if you are a job seeker right now, you should care quite a lot, as there are more job opportunities than ever before and your dream position could be among them. “There are more than twice as many job postings on ZipRecruiter now than before the pandemic,” said Pollak. “With record-high numbers of workers quitting their jobs each month, the economy is generating large numbers of vacancies and white-hot demand for candidates.” Record high, indeed, as according to The Society for Human Resource Management, more than 3.95 million people quit their jobs in 2021, beating out the previous record of 3.5 million in 2019. But with new vacancies comes new opportunities, as Pollak said, and the demand is higher than ever for well-qualified candidates — such as yourself, perhaps. “In a labor shortage like this one, where employers are struggling to attract and retain talent, you may have more leverage than you think. Apply far and wide so that you have multiple options, and don’t be afraid to negotiate your offer,” said Pollak. Quitting your job can be scary and intimidating, but is also a part of life in our growing and fast-paced world. During the “Great Resignation” many took this as the permission they needed to finally quit, but not before doing their research and proper preparation, we hope. Pollak outlined four steps, listed below, to consider when thinking about leaving a job, helping to ensure it is as painless a process as possible. Using the above as your guide and your gut as the driving factor to know when quitting is the right move for you. Also, create a mental timeline and start your search early, so you can have a new position lined up before you need to give your two-weeks notice. “It can sometimes take time to find a great match, and hiring processes can sometimes be slow, so it makes sense to start looking 3-4 months before your desired start date,” suggested Pollak. While no one can predict how each job interview will go in your future, there are some tips and tricks for how to best position yourself to employers during these unprecedented times. If your goal is to walk away from 2022 with a new job in hand and an old one in your rearview mirror, these tips are for you. With these tips in your back pocket, a freshly updated resume and a new job board profile created, you can win at the “Great Resignation,” taking home the prize of a new job and peace of mind knowing you did your due diligence along the way. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.