Could no ’poo be for you too? TikTok hair influencer Laura Ashley may be one of the no ’poo trend’s best successes — and all it took was going six years without using shampoo or conditioner. Ashley, 27, claims her hair went from “pin straight” to curled and sweeping, thanks to ditching traditional cleansers and adopting a raw, vegan diet. “My thing is, if I can’t pronounce it or I don’t know what it is, I’m going to try and stay away from it,” she told South West News Service of the chemical-laden fine print shown on most store-bought shampoos. The California thrift shop owner said she wasn’t convinced that humans actually need to wash their hair. “Do we really need to rely on all these products from the supermarket?” she asked herself before making the leap. “There’s no way that we’ve been living all this time throughout history and suddenly everybody needs a corporate shampoo with 50 ingredients in it,” she added. Some ingredients found in conventional cleansers — whether natural, like essential oils, or synthetic, such as paraben preservatives — have been known to cause irritation or other potential damage over time. While research has found no clinical reason why regular cleansing with most types of shampoos is necessarily harmful, it’s also true that there’s none to say humans require it. “I really wanted to see if I could do it myself,” said Ashley, who began with rudimentary cleaning solutions made with ingredients from her own pantry, such as apple cider vinegar and baking soda. Ashley eventually pushed her ’poo-free project even further when she quit rinsing with light cleansing formulas too. Now, her hair hygiene is pared down to just water, natural oils to protect the ends and a daily brushing with a wide-tooth comb, plus the occasional homemade hair mask. “It’s mentally healthier too,” said Ashley, who told SWNS that she no longer spends 40 minutes each morning doing her hair. “I just let my hair do its thing.” Not that change is easy or happens overnight. “I think a decent amount of people have tried to go no-shampoo and they do it for a month or two, and think their hair feels terrible,” she said. “It’s a hurdle you have to get over,” she insisted, adding that a good diet has helped keep her hair and scalp chemistry balanced from the inside out. “A lot of hair issues stem from diets — what goes in must come out.” Some nutritional studies, and perhaps centuries of anecdotal evidence, have shown that a balanced diet is not solely good for what’s under the skin. Holistic hair scientists with the global Trichological Society — whose name derives from the Greek word “Trikhos,” meaning “hair” — have found that certain nutritional deficiencies can show up in the hair and scalp. The organization suggests that some raw and vegan foods — like nuts, beans and leafy greens — can be beneficial to hair care. Part of Ashley’s mission — helped by “a little bit of shock factor” for a viral boost — is to share her positive experience and how she got there, encouraging her followers to “have the confidence to try and take their health into their own hands,” she said, and look past pricey products and beauty blogger buzz. “I want people to know they don’t have to keep up to date with the latest moisturizer,” she said. While some admirers call her locks “gorgeous,” not everyone is convinced, according to some on social media who call her look “crunchy” or “greasy” — but she’s laughing all the way to the mirror. “Whatever people’s opinions on me and my hair are, I’m reading the comments cracking up,” she said, adding that her hair is “probably one of the only things I get complimented on.” Furthermore, Ashley clarified, “I’ve never been told I stink.”