One of the Knicks’ few bright spots this season got off to an inauspicious start coming out of the All-Star break. Emerging rookie guard Quentin Grimes suffered a subluxation of his right patella — a partially dislocated kneecap — in the first quarter of the Knicks’ 115-100 loss to the Heat on Friday night. He left the court needing help from his teammates and was not putting any pressure on his right leg as he headed straight to the locker room. He did not return. “Everything’s all good y’all!” Grimes later tweeted with a prayer hands emoji. Coach Tom Thibodeau said after the game he had not yet spoken to the training staff, so he did not have an update on Grimes. But the severity of his injury will likely not be known until he undergoes an MRI exam to determine if there is any ligament damage. Patellar dislocations that do not require surgery typically take three to six weeks to fully recover from, according to an article from UConn Health. The Knicks have just over six weeks left in the regular season. “He’s played really well, [so] it’s unfortunate,” Thibodeau said. “He’s put a lot of work into it. Hopefully when we’re updated it’s nothing serious.” The non-contact injury happened with 2:30 left in the first quarter, just 14 seconds after Grimes had checked into the game. He was trying to fight around a P.J. Tucker screen on the baseline when his right knee buckled and he went down in visible pain, grabbing at the knee. Grimes, the Knicks’ first-round pick in 2021, has become a Thibodeau favorite for his tough defense and sharp 3-point shooting. He came into Friday averaging 6.5 points on 39.8 percent shooting from deep and had earned more playing time leading into the All-Star break. “That’s tough, man,” said Julius Randle, who was one of the Knicks who tended to Grimes on the far baseline. “He was playing really well and giving us a lot. We definitely missed him and his ability to spread the floor today, a lot of different stuff and how he competes on the defensive end.” Grimes’ absence opened the door to more playing time Friday for Cam Reddish (eight points), but the Knicks were left hoping for the best for their teammate. “It was hard [seeing him go down],” RJ Barrett said. “He’s just a guy that brings so much energy every day. He works so hard all the time. Plays defense, shoots the ball, switches, he does everything. He’s a great guy for our team. Hopefully it’s not too bad and hopefully he’s back on the court soon.”