Butt need a boost? Whether you’re on the way to the gym or kicking it at home, everyone likes it when a pair of pants gives them that apple-bottom lift from behind. Once again, TikTok has discovered a hack to achieve that peach-emoji derrière, celebrating “scrunch butt” leggings, found on the mecca of all things #tiktokmademebuyit: Amazon. Better yet, the leggings start at only $9.99, way less than booty-sculpting pairs from other retailers. The trending leggings’ full name is the “Seasum women’s high waist yoga pants tummy control slimming booty leggings workout running butt lift tights.” After saying the full name — a workout in its own right — the nickname “scrunch butt” leggings will do. The pants are not a true yoga pant, but instead a form-fitting legging that features a unique honeycomb-like fabric and seam between the cheeks, designed to lift the butt and hide any lumps or bumps from cellulite. For warmer weather, the brand also released some booty-boosting booty shorts, made of the same stretchy honeycomb fabric. Both lengths have enjoyed an extra long time in the spotlight as well, trending time and time again starting back in 2020 and still going strong into 2022, with the likes of Lizzo giving them a boost in 2021. “Sexy butt lift push up high waisted textured leggings and super cute scrunch gives you a natural buttlift and makes your booty look so nice and juicy! Compression high waist gives you a nice smooth shape from the waist down making your cellulite appear non-existent while lifting your booty,” reads the Amazon product page, where more than 19,800 customers have reviewed the leggings. TikTok user Lauren Wolfe (@laauren1) put them to the test, sharing her review of the leggings on the app, and 2.3 million views later, the video sparked others to buy the leggings and give their own on-camera booty reviews. User Devin Olsen reviewed the same pants, showing her butt before and after the scrunch in a video that has more than 5 million views and 783,000 likes. The one critique of the physique-shaping leggings is that the texture reminds some of a reptile, with many commenting that it was the one thing stopping them from purchasing the pants. Luckily, Olsen had another Amazon dupe for that, offering up a second review of butt-boosting leggings without the scaly pattern. The leggings in the second video don’t have a butt-scrunch but do lift the tush, as seen in her review. As with anything trending on TikTok, make sure to order these leggings soon, because so many other trending tights have sold out within hours of making it to the For You page of the app. Luckily, these scrunchy leggings are still in stock, and in a variety of colors and sizes to add to your list of best ever leggings you need in your athleisure arsenal. The “scrunch butt” leggings can be found on the Seasum page on Amazon, at least for now while supplies last. The pants come in a variety of colors, ranging from basic black, blue and gray to more exciting neon yellow, tie-dye rainbow and a snakeskin printed pattern. They range in size from XS to 4XL, making these the perfect buy for any body type. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.