President Biden confirmed Friday that US Circuit Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson is his nominee to replace Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, effective later this year. The 51-year-old Jackson was confirmed by the Senate in June as a judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and would be the first black woman to sit on the Supreme Court if confirmed. Jackson’s nomination comes after the White House held weeks of interviews following Breyer’s retirement announcement in January, with Biden vowing to announce his choice by the end of this month. Born in Washington, DC, Jackson grew up in Miami and went to college at Harvard. After graduating in 1992, she briefly worked at Time magazine as a reporter and researcher before returning to Harvard to pursue a law degree. Since graduating from Harvard Law in 1996, Jackson has held numerous jobs in the legal field. She has clerked for three federal jurists — including Breyer — and worked as an assistant federal public defender in Washington, DC, between 2005 and 2007. During this period, according to Politico, Jackson represented Afghan terror suspect Khi Ali Gul, who was held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade before being repatriated to Afghanistan in 2014 by the Obama administration. In addition to being the first black woman on the Supreme Court, Jackson would be the first former federal public defender to become a high court justice if confirmed. In 2012, President Barack Obama nominated Jackson to become a DC district judge and she was confirmed by the Senate in early 2013. While serving on the district court, Jackson sentenced Edgar Maddison Welch to four year in prison for opening fire in a busy DC pizzeria while “investigating” “Pizzagate” — a bizarre conspiracy theory that claimed Hillary Clinton was behind a child sex ring. In her 2017 ruling, Jackson said Welch’s actions “literally left psychological wreckage.” Two years later, Jackson also ruled that former White House counsel Don McGahn must testify at a congressional hearing that led to then-President Donald Trump’s first impeachment by the House of Representatives. However, Jackson’s decision was later overturned by a federal appeals court. Biden nominated Jackson to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals early last year to replace current Attorney General Merrick Garland. In January of this year, Jackson was among three judges who ruled against Trump in his bid to withhold documents from the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 riot at the US Capitol. Jackson will not need any GOP support to be confirmed later this year. However, she did receive three Republican votes last year when she was confirmed to the appeals court. If confirmed, Jackson would be the fourth current Supreme Court justice to be elevated from the DC Circuit, joining Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Brett Kavanaugh and Justice Clarence Thomas. Other DC Circuit alums who have served on the Supreme Court include the late Justices Antonin Scalia and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, as well as former Chief Justice Warren Burger. Jackson has two daughters with husband Patrick Jackson, the chief of general surgery at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington. She is related to former House Speaker Paul Ryan through marriage. Jackson’s husband is the twin brother of Ryan’s brother-in-law. During Jackson’s confirmation for the district court judgeship in 2012, Ryan touted his support for his distant relative. “Our politics may differ, but my praise for Ketanji’s intellect, for her character, for her integrity is unequivocal,” Ryan said at the time. “She’s an amazing person, and I favorably recommend her consideration.”