Best Buy is, undeniably, one of the premier destinations for home tech — especially for President’s Day. The blue-and-yellow embossed tech titan is an electronics playground with a Rolodex of on-sale options right now, from slimly designed laptops to the fridge you’ve been eyeing. Plus, if on the hunt for an epic President’s Day TV deal, Best Buy certainly has you covered. Ahead, find the 15 Best Buy items that we deem are, well, some of the best President’s Day buys the Internet has to offer ahead of the National holiday. Best Buy is discounting a variety of devices, gadgets and gizmos that you’re bound to be interested in. Act fast, as they’re only discounted while supplies last — ready, set go! If your laptop or electronic device is on its last leg, now’s the perfect time for an upgrade. Relatively affordable for a laptop, Microsoft’s Surface Pro 7+ is a tablet and computer hybrid that has stellar picture quality and a slim design that’s too good to pass up. Dr. Dre made a remarkable Super Bowl halftime appearance but his headphones? Just as amazing. Pick up this $150-off noise-canceling pair while they’re still available. If you’re a proponent of the WFH life, you know that audio quality is everything at this point. Level up your video calls with Blue Microphones’ Blue Yeti Nano. From personal experience, we love how natural-sounding it projects your voice while also making a cute desk accessory. As one of our favorite TV models on sale this President’s Day, Sony’s Smart Google TV takes the cake for a stellar price point and unbeatable picture quality. Plus, it works with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa for built-in convenience. For a modern-day fridge, you can’t go wrong with the sleek look of stainless steel and a front-door-included screen to make your kitchen area smarter. Luckily, Samsung’s French Door Refrigerator is on sale for more than $300 and is just a click away from being part of your cooking hub. Everyone loves a good MacBook deal, right? This 16″ MacBook Pro is clad with the touch bar for quick maneuvering of your device’s brightness and volume levels. Not to mention, it’s more than $500 off, just in time for President’s Day. For a slim tablet with a stunning display, we’re all looking to pick up the Samsung Galaxy Tab A7 Lite. It’s $40 off but that’s enough of a reason to say yes to this featherlight handheld to take notes on, read from and watch your favorite shows. For $100 off, Breville’s the Barista Express Espresso Machine is practically telling you to buy this java-making miracle. Simply pair it with beans you’ve ground from your favorite coffee grinder and voila — perfect coffee every time. It’s amazing how much robot vacuums have changed our cleaning routines for the better (cleaning an entire room while you jump in the shower? Pure bliss). For $150 off, the iRobot Roomba i6 will remember your room’s map to effectively rid your space of dust and debris in no time. Plus, it’s easy to use for a home refresh. Washer and dryers can be pricey when purchased separately. For President’s Day, Best Buy is leveling up with this on-sale Samsung Washer and Dryer Bundle that’s nearly $1,000 off. The sleek black exterior makes it an unstoppable modern duo, too. As one of our favorite treadmills, the Bowflex Treadmill 10 is ready to amp up your home gym for $1,200 off. The included screen is great for daily, adaptive workouts to keep you on track to meet your fitness goals, too. Air purifiers are singlehandedly one of the top buys we’ve seen in 2022. This Dyson model effectively removes nearly 100% of allegens and provides a long-range projection to circulate purified air across your space. Calling all the gamers out there — this President’s Day, take full advantage of Samsung’s top-rated gaming monitor that’s $120 off. With an LED screen and slim design, who said gaming had to be super expensive? It may be cold out still but we’re dreaming of the flower-blossoming backyard landscapes that’ll bloom in spring. Prepare your space with this heftily discounted six-piece patio sectional that’s just perfect for entertaining. Not to mention, the homey blue color will add some fresh tones to your neutral outdoor area. Take full rein of home security with this on-sale security camera and smart display bundle. It’s one of Best Buy’s fan-favorite items, too, and gives a whole new take on modern protection and digital awareness. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.