If you’re reading this, you’ve probably decided to finally give into the air fryer rage. Get ready to say goodbye to pre-heating your oven, waiting for it to beep and patiently hoping your food doesn’t burn. The reason? Air fryers have taken the world by storm — and we’re definitely not mad about it! The hardest part about using an air fryer is choosing which one to buy. With so many appliance options, and each one housing its own set of features, it can be difficult to find the right one for your space and needs. In an effort to help you find the perfect air fryer, we did all the research for you and rounded up the 20 best options on Amazon. Each pick below has high ratings and hundreds (many with thousands!) of stellar reviews. Our list includes brands from Ninja and Cuisinart to NuWave and COSORI. Keep scrolling to discover the best air fryers on Amazon. You’ll be cooking and frying in no-time! With over 31,800 positive reviews, the Ninja Air Fryer is top-notch. Users can air fry their food with up to 75% less fat than most frying methods, while utilizing a wide temperature range of 105-400 Fahrenheit. You can also dehydrate your favorite meals. When you’re all done cooking for the day, simply place the air fryer basket and crisper plate into the dishwasher. One passionate reviewer wrote, “Love everything about this air fryer! Works amazing!” Another said it is their “kitchen favorite” and “it’s extremely easy to use.” If you’re all about crafting a cute and chic kitchen, then this is the air fryer for you. Over 3,000 people are obsessed with its 10-in-1 presets, elevated hot air technology, easy-to-clean accessories and more. If you’re done with long cooking times and ovens that take forever to preheat, this COSORI air fryer will be your new best friend. This model cooks with industry-leading temperatures up to 450°F and makes pre-heating a breeze. This Cuisinart appliance isn’t just a toaster over, but it also features a built-in air fryer. Say hello to baking, broiling, toasting and, of course, frying. And if you don’t believe us, the 20,300+ positive reviews may convince you otherwise. “It does everything,” wrote one reviewer, and that couldn’t be more true. Say hello to over 2,000 positive reviews, an easy-to-use display, simple clean up and fast pre-heating. You’re guaranteed to be obsessed with this one. Anyone without this air fryer will be seeing red! It’s ergonomic design, large capacity, 13 cooking functions and nonstick baskets are sure to make an impression on your cooking habits. If you’re all about efficiency, ease and dual-cooking, then this is the appliance for you. The Ninja DualZone Air Fryer features two separate baskets, independent heating zones, 6-in-1 functions and more. With a stellar 4.3 out of five stars, the Kalorik air fryer is a force to be reckoned with. With the purchase of this single product, you’ll gain access to an air fryer, oven, grill, pizza oven, roaster, toaster, warmer and broiler. You can also count on 1700 watts of supercharged hot airflow to cook your food fast and quick. The NuWave Brio air fryer, features digital LED controls, accurate cooking and heat, preset cooking settings, various power levels and dishwasher safe parts. “I am in love,” wrote one of the 12,500+ reviewers — and so are we. This air fryer is crisp and clean — just like your food, as it’ll be cooked using AirCrisp Technology reducing added fat by 70-80%. This model is also compact and lightweight, making it perfect for even the smallest kitchens paces. With over 27,400 positive reviews, you know it’s good. Enjoy frying, broiling, roasting, dehydrating, baking and reheating while utilizing one-touch smart programs. With little to no oil, you can cook and fry your food in no time. And according to the brand, your food will get crispy on the outside while remaining moist on the inside. Further features include one-touch cooking functions, a dehydration option, easy-to-adjust temperature controls, guided cooking prompts and more. One rave reviewer reads, “Amazing! I love this thing, cooks stuff so fast and not greasy at all. Literal game changer.” This unbeatable appliance can be found on Amazon alongside 6,400+ positive reviews. It’s easy to see why people love the COSORI air fryer, as it comes with 13 one-touch cooking functions, includes 11 food-specific presets, allows for preheating and even has a “keep warm” option. Better yet, the air fryer is compact, making it the perfect size for smaller kitchens. One reviewer went as far to say, “whoever designed this fryer and package deserves a promotion.” This multi-function air fryer will save you both time, space and money. You can also look forward to accessible buttons, easy cooking set up, an auto switch off timer and adjustable temperature settings. Looking for quick and easy heating? If so, you’ll love the Instant Vortex air fryer. It’s fast, simple and the perfect size. You know it’s good when a product has over 10,700+ positive reviews. Standout features include a nine-in-one air fryer that allows you to toast, slow cook, dehydrate and more, Quick Cook Turbo Heat technology to prepare your food fast, an LCD digital display and a stainless steel body. “I love this oven air fryer,” shared a reviewer. “I can cook my whole meal at the same time.” Get ready to fry, broil, roast and re-heat with the help of this air fryer. Simply utilize the one-touch smart programs and the easy-to-clean baskets for effortless meals. With the help of this COSORI air fryer, you can fry virtually anything. After all, there are 12 various cooking options and over 1,900+ happy customers to prove it. This air fryer is a special one, as it fries foods with 98% less oil compared to the typical 75% less metric. We also love how compact this nonstick air fryer is, as it can fit just about anywhere without compromising capability. “This is one of the best air fryers on the market with superior performance and large capacity,” one reviewer wrote. Another commented on the air fryer’s price point, noting that it’s “a great one to start out with” as the price is “very reasonable.” Join 22,700 other happy customers and enjoy this COSORI air fryer. You can even use the accompanying app to scan certain foods for ideal cooking instructions and control your air fryer remotely. Check out the New York Post shopping section for more shopping recommendations.