Now that the winter is almost in our rearview mirror, it’s time to get ready for warmer weather and enjoy the spring. One of the best parts about chilling in your own backyard is that it is one of the best mask-less activities you can do, with members of your own household of course. Some lucky folks have the space for a large patio, pool or sport court — but others just don’t have that kind of greenery in the backyard of their city apartment, let alone the budget for a big renovation. Don’t sweat it, though, as there are plenty of ways to dress up your deck and make your backyard look and feel luxurious without spending a ton or having acres of space to work with. From comfy seating to mini gardens and backyard sport kits, check out The Post’s list below before heading out for a breath of much-needed fresh air. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Sit back, relax and enjoy your outdoor space — no matter what size it may be. In keeping with the budget, even though the set is over $100, each piece comes to just $49; a steal for any patio chair or table. The set includes two wicker chairs with the seat cushion included, as well as a matching small table to set your morning coffee or evening drinks on as you watch the sunset out back. They are also lightweight and easily moveable, should your taste change or your backyard get the makeover it deserves. Check out one of the best seats outside the house. This loveseat from Amazon is a great deal, considering many swinging benches for the patio can run upwards of $500. This bench is perfect for two and comes with removable cushions to change up the look now and again. The frame is made of a heavy-duty steel meant to last through the seasons and whatever weather comes along with them. Why wait for an outdoor reservation at a restaurant when you can bring that same ambiance to your own patio or backyard? This set of three is a perfect dining set for the yard, and at just $85 for all three pieces, it’s a great deal, too. The chairs and table are made with a sturdy steel frame and stunning wood tops that also come in a variety of colors. Choose from a selection of natural dark and light browns, black and even a white option that will look great in the summertime. The best part is the storage rack under the table that can hold wine, food trays and anything else you’d need for the perfect outdoor dining experience. Get some pleasing privacy on your deck or patio with a practical and stylish screen from The Lakeside Collection. The screen’s 15-feet of polyethylene netting is only $15, so get as much as you need for your deck, fence or anywhere else that you need a little privacy. The netting is easy to install and also comes in many colors including green, black, brown and blue to match any outdoor decor. Have peeping Tom as a neighbor? Keep him out of your backyard — and your business — with a privacy screen from Amazon. This screen comes in a 4 by 50-foot roll, and is also available in larger sizes to fit any backyard or outdoor area. The screen is also multi-functional and can work for a privacy divider or even serve as shade for your garden or greenhouse, protection for your pets or a construction covering when you give your home a full backyard makeover. There’s nothing more relaxing than a swing on the porch with a cold glass of tea or lemonade. If that visual makes your mouth water, then you need to head over to Wayfair and check out this porch swing that will only set you back just over $150. The swing is made of premium solid wood that comes sanded already, should you want to paint it, or leave it bare to showcase the natural materials. The bench also comes with a chain to hang it from, with a capacity of 400 pounds. Spruce up the outside with an area rug for your new favorite area of the house. This outdoor accent rug is a perfect statement piece for your patio or deck that adds an element of cozy charm to any space. Sold at Kirkland’s, the rug is only $24 and is both weather resistant and easy to clean, as all you need to do is either vacuum as normal or spray it down with the garden hose should you need a deeper cleaning. Sway with the backyard breeze this spring, with a swing made for both the indoors and the outside when the weather warms up. In the winter, feel free to hang the macrame chair inside by a window to drink your cocoa and read a book, but when spring hits, bring the chair to the deck for an outdoor seating element that rocks — literally. Made from steel, cotton and polyester, the chair is durable and can hold up to 220 pounds. Sunny days are ahead, so why not enjoy them in a hammock? From Sunnydaze and sold at Riverbend Home, this two-person hammock turns any backyard into an outdoor oasis with a very simple setup. The set comes with the hammock itself, and also a stand and case, should you not have two trees perfectly spaced apart. It’s also portable and easy to assemble for when the sun moves or you want to bring it along to the cabin or beach. Cheers to you — and your outdoor patio setup on a budget. This portable bar table is a perfect way to bring the bar to your backyard, in a safe way, of course. The table is easy to pop up and secure, looking chic from the front and functional from the back with a built in shelf for holding all your bottles and snacks for the evening. Sold on Best Choice Products’ site, the table is made with an aluminum frame that resists rust and is sturdy enough to stand up to 110 pounds. Rain or shine, you should be able to enjoy your backyard or patio. This umbrella is ideal for all weather, no matter the direction of the rain or angle of the sun. From Riverbend Home, the umbrella has a hand crank and can tilt in any direction you choose, easy to change as the sun moves across the sky. The umbrella also ships for free, which is just another reason to order it now before the spring officially starts. Get out the weenies and s’mores, because this fire pit is fit for a night under the stars. It’s hard to believe this fire pit set from Walmart is only $35. It comes with a spark guard, a mesh lid with a lift tool and a PVC all-weather cover to protect the pit from the elements. It is also easily movable, so you can bring it to the patio, into the grass or even to the beach for a beautiful fire wherever you go. Bring the tropical vacation to your own backyard with a set of tiki torches from Lumens. The set of four garden torches are made of stainless steel to stand up to any weather. They are easy to install and can be lit with citronella or lamp fuel, perfect for keeping bugs at bay and providing light on late nights. It also comes with a snuffer cap to extinguish the flame when the party is over, extinguishing worry of a fire too. Make your backyard as welcoming as your front, with a path of lights leading the way to bliss. These LED hanging lanterns are color-changing, adding an element of magic to your yard. The set of four lights are actually solar powered, saving you money on bulbs and electricity. They are also weather resistant, so feel free to leave them out when the spring showers hit. Here’s another bright idea. If you have a larger yard and a small budget or just love lots of light, this set of 24 lamps could be for you. For just $44, the lights are all solar powered and easy to install, and save you even more money on electricity. They are also fully waterproof and can be left up as long as you please, through April showers and all. Turn your yard into a romantic getaway, right out your own back door. These hanging lights are a great way to add ambiance to any outdoor setting. String them along the fence, over the patio or really wherever you please, as they are easy to hang and rearrange. The 48-foot strand is only $40, while the smaller 24-foot strand is just $27, perfect for any yard size. They are also weatherproof and made for outdoor use, much better than last year’s Christmas lights. Spring has sprung, and it could be blooming in your own backyard. Geared for smaller spaces, this greenhouse shelving unit is portable and can fit easily right up against a wall. The shelf comes with a plastic greenhouse covering to keep bugs out of your herbs and maintain consistent humidity to foster plant growth even during the season change. Each shelf can hold up to 20 pounds, so load up the flowers, herbs and more and bring some greenery to your backyard. Grow up. Actually, do just that, with this planter perfect for those plants and veggies that need to grow tall toward the sun. This gardening bed is great for small spaces and is high enough off the ground to use area below for storage, while the tub-like design is easy to push up against a wall and fit nicely in your smaller yard. It also comes in three sizes for that exact reason, with a small, medium and large choice online at YLighting’s site. Elevate your gardening game with this backyard planter box, fit for anyone with a green thumb. From Amazon, the planter comes on wheels, making it insanely easy to move into and out of the sun for different plants, or to move around your space when you need to maximize square footage. The planter box also has a rack below, great for storing your seeds, dirt, watering can and other garden essentials without taking up any extra space. Play some relaxing music out on the deck, or turn your patio into the best club on the block with a new speaker. Perfect for small spaces, the Skullcandy speaker is super small and compact, easy to set on a table and forget about. What isn’t small, though, is the sound and quality, as the little speaker is plenty loud, has a six-hour battery life and is also water resistant should your party get rained on for a bit. Turn your seemingly small backyard into a movie theatre with the big screen, with some help from Amazon. The WiFi mini projector set works with your home network and can sync up to your smartphone to play your favorite movies and shows. The set also comes with a 100-inch projector screen to make the movie magic happen. Your serve. Turn your backyard into a rec center with ease, thanks to this starter set from Wayfair. For just $38, the kit comes with everything you’ll need for a game of volleyball and badminton, complete with rackets, birdies, a net, a volleyball and more. It also comes with a rule book for beginners or to teach the kids a new game right from home. Bring the tailgate to you, day or night. The crowd-favorite game of cornhole just got cooler and easier to play in small spaces with this set from Wayfair. The boards are easy to assemble, as all you need to to is attach the legs and insert two nine-volt batteries to light up the night. Then, add the glow sticks to the bean bags and you’re set up for a great night of competitive cornhole. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.