TAMPA — For almost all of Dillon Lawson’s tenure as Yankees hitting coach he’s been unable to do perhaps the most important aspect of his job: talk to the hitters he’ll be coaching this season. That will remain the case as long as the MLB lockout persists, but when it ends, Lawson — the Yankees’ former minor league hitting coordinator who was officially promoted in December — knows one of his primary challenges will be introducing some of his modern teaching techniques to major league veterans. “We already have a good major league team, so I have to meet them where they’re at,’’ Lawson said recently at the team’s Player Development Complex. “We don’t have to throw everything at them. It’s more, ‘What have you been doing? Well, here are some things that maybe get you 1 percent better.’ It’s important for us not to reinvent the wheel. It’s not like that.” Lawson built his reputation coaching in college and the minors by using pitch recognition technology and other methods that are just now being introduced to the majors. The Yankees already redid their pitching methodologies with director of pitching Sam Briend and pitching coach Matt Blake. And manager Aaron Boone told The Post’s Joel Sherman there is no turning back. “You are missing the boat if you are not all-in on all of it and understanding the importance of all of it,’’ Boone said of technology and analytical information. “I try to bring that down here all the time.” Lawson agrees. “Maybe it’s not a perfect analogy, but as soon as the telescope was invented, if you were an astronomer, you had to use it,’’ Lawson said. “Otherwise, you weren’t really an astronomer anymore. You could still look at the sky and see some things, but if other people were seeing through a telescope, they were seeing that much more.” And to his point that he doesn’t want to eliminate all the old ways of doing things, Lawson pointed to what longtime scouts are able to do, even as the game has changed. “If you get a scout that sits behind the plate with a radar gun all the time, I guarantee you they can guess the pitch velocity to one or two mph every time,’’ Lawson said. “We can do things in different ways. If a player doesn’t want to use technology, that’s fine. If someone is curious and wants to do more, great and hopefully we can ease some of the anxiety they might have.” He said he was met with positive responses in the brief time since he learned he had the new job prior to the Dec. 2 lockout. “When we worked with some guys beforehand, it was awesome,’’ Lawson said. “Hopefully that will continue. You’ve got to be able to meet players where they’re at.” For now, he’s working with some of the minor leaguers that aren’t on the 40-man roster and are allowed at the team facility, including top prospects such as Anthony Volpe, Trey Sweeney and Austin Wells. Everyone on the 40-man has to work out on his own and hitters such as Aaron Judge, Luke Voit, Gio Urshela and Gleyber Torres, who live in the Tampa area, have done what they could on local fields until they’re able to get back to the Yankees’ facility.