Pump up the volume! DJ Calvin Harris is selling the California complex he once called home, and listing photos reveal the property to be truly decadent. The 38-year-old hitmaker is seeking $25 million for his more than 117,000-square-foot Beverly Hills mansion, spread across 2.7 acres, which includes 10 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms. The gated property is set back on one of the neighborhood’s celebrity-studded streets, at the end of a greenery-lined driveway leading up through the lush mountainside to the multi-building home. The compound is composed of five structures in total — a main residence, two-story guest home, five-car garage and a “security office guest unit,” according to the listing, which is held by Douglas Elliman’s Josh and Matt Altman. The main residence features a custom wine cellar, master suite with vaulted beamed ceilings and a fireplace, as well as ensuite dual baths complete with walk-in closets and direct backyard access. (The ensuite master bath is one of four ensuite bedrooms on the property.) Throughout, it also boasts coffered ceilings, floor-to-ceiling windows and a stone staircase. The other buildings appear to be designed in a similarly grand, modern fashion. The guest house is currently in use as two separate recording studios, and the garage has elevator access to a building containing a slew of lavish amenities. These include a movie theater, impressive home gym and basketball court. Outside, the address boasts a lounge with fire pit, custom pergola, BBQ, spa and pool. Elsewhere inside there is also a full bar and solar dome. The “Harris” — whose birth name is Adam Richard Wiles — has a history of indulgent California homes: In 2017, he bought a 4,500-square-foot Los Angeles property complete with outdoor shower and lounge. It’s no surprise, considering the Scottish-born record producer, singer and songwriter has consistently topped Forbes’ list of best-paid DJs in the world from 2013 to 2018, with past hits including Dua Lipa’s “One Kiss” and Rihanna’s “We Found Love.”