“This is our life, this is our song.” Twisted Sister lead singer Dee Snider loves that his 1984 smash hit “We’re Not Gonna Take It” is being used as a battle hymn by Ukraine’s resistance against Russian invaders, he proclaimed on Twitter. “I absolutely approve of Ukrainians using “We’re Not Gonna Take It” as their battlecry. My grandfather was Ukrainian, before it was swallowed up by the USSR after WW2. This can’t happen to these people again!” Snider tweeted on Saturday as Ukrainian forces were battling to defend Kyiv and other cities. Frankly, the rabble-rousing song is a fitting tune for these heroic homeland defenders, 13 of whom told Russian naval forces to “go f–k” themselves before getting shelled on a Snake Island base some days ago. Snider — who’s been using hashtags “F–KRUSSIA” and “F–KPUTIN” in recent tweet tirades on the global matter — has been outspoken against the nation since the Cold War and early days of the New Jersey and Long Island rock group. He recently reposted a photo of himself wearing a “Russia Sucks” button from a time he recalled as the late 1970s. “My Ukrainian grandpa would have been so proud!” Snider tweeted along with the photo on Sunday. In response to tweets asking him to separate his aggression with Russian head of state Vladimir Putin from civilians of the nation, Snider also noted that his Transylvanian grandmother had endured the Soviet siege of the Carpathian mountains in Romania years ago as well. “Who do you think were carrying those Russian guns, driving the tanks & flying those planes? Canadians?” he wrote. Though, soon after Snider agreed to use the hashtag “F–KPUTIN” instead of “F–KRUSSIA” after hearing the plea of a Russian woman born in 1999 who tweeted at him, saying “I hate this war” and that she was “protesting against it.” “And change will come from the young and young at heart. It’s never easy,” Snider posted in response. While the lead singer is gung ho on the song being used in the Eastern European fight for freedom, Snider, too, sounded off on why he doesn’t approve of it being used for anti-maskers. “Well, one use is for a righteous battle against oppression; the other is a infantile feet stomping against an inconvenience,” Snider tweeted Sunday, referring to himself as a longtime “voice of reason” in another post on the matter.