We know the youth are our future, but this time, they’re stuck in the past. A nostalgic legging-centric trend first appeared (or rather reappeared) when an Instagram photo of YouTuber Emma Chamberlain started trending as a fashion moment. The photo showed Chamberlain wearing a baggy Nike sweatshirt, white undershirt and wide-leg black yoga pants — like the kind your cool aunt might have worn to Bikram Yoga in the ’90s and early aughts. Only she might have called them, simply, “yoga pants.” After Chamberlain’s blast from the past, TikTok teens took to the app with their new “discovery,” dubbing the stretch pants “flare leggings.” Other trend-resetters followed suit. Fashion stylist Rachel Zoe’s site, the Zoe Report, posted a contributor’s TikTok video wherein she tried the pants on for size. The woman in the video recorded her amazed reaction to the discovery. To her delight, she kicked up her leg to show off the bellbottom pant and urged us all to, “get themmmm!” And yes, the pants do fashionably flare at the bottom and have the cozy appeal of their tighter, straight-legged sister. But millennials and Gen Xers were quick to chime in with their own looks. Many duetted the TikTok video, both to provide the right moniker — just yoga pants — and to show off their cool-again relics. So, shop our top picks below. You can be comfortable, on-trend and even nostalgic at the same time. Featuring a comfy fit with the slimming material of our dreams, the lululemon Groove Super-High-Rise Flared Pant Nulu is designed for everybody. With a generous size range of zero to 20 (plus, a wide color selection), you don’t have to compromise being cute and comfy at all. Specifically, these back-to-the-2000s pants are meant for yoga and “on the move,” per lululemon, but “on the move” can mean a whole lot of things; from running to the grocery store to kickin’ it back with friends, this quality pair is one that’ll last you for years of nostalgic wear. As a personal favorite, we’re strong advocates that everyone should experience the bliss-filled comfort these Aerie flare leggings provide. In many colorways, the nearly naked fit is seamless and flattering, much ado to the super-soft crossover material that hits in all the right places. Plus, you always want your bum to look good. With these pants, it’s unbelievable how flattering — you’ll look from waist to toe — in any hue you choose. As one of Revolve’s bestsellers, the Splits59 Raquel High Waist Flare Legging is a shining-star pair that taps into a referee-style with its leg-lining white stripe. It’s available in XS to L sizing, is a nylon and spandex hybrid and, to suit your bolder taste, is also available in a racecar-esque red color. For a great value, Afitne’s Bootcut Yoga Pant offer no-frills comfort at just $25. If preferrred, you can stock up on four different colors for the same price it would cost to purchase a single pair elsewhere — can we say score? These flattering bottoms range from sizes XS to XXL, have two waistband pockets and have that high-waist, tummy-control design that we all know and love. Meet the yoga pants that are quintessentially nostalgic with a hint of modern flair — literally. These flare-out, split-hem pants are all the rage (especially with jeans) but with yoga pants, you’re getting buttery soft comfort. The high-waist design is one of the most breathable we’ve seen, too. For just $30, it’s worth making the online shopping run for. While we reviewed Spanx’s leggings and love them dearly, Spanx also has the most rockin’ yoga pants you can find. Offering your booty a bit of a boost, this style has a generous size range, boasts sculpting-performance fabric and are breathable. Plus — and probably the best part — these yoga pants are center-seam free for no camel toe whatsoever. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.