A receptionist has been left in shock after she discovered a McDonald’s cheeseburger she kept for five years has remained exactly the same. Megan Condry, 41, has vowed to ditch fast food altogether after she found the burger still looks the same as the day she bought it, back in 2017. Megan, from Washington, DC, decided to conduct the experiment after noticing a forgotten burger in the back of her car had not started to rot after five days. She said: “It was untouched until around three weeks ago. “I was in the closet sorting my Christmas stuff and I knocked the bag and the burger rolled out. I’d forgotten about it. “It was rock hard, as hard as a hockey puck. I could probably smash a window with it. “Everything is completely dry and it could start to crumble. “There was no smell whatsoever and it looks the same as the day I bought it. “I’ve tried to pry it apart but if I try to take it apart, I think it would break. It’s just a solid mass. “I want to know what it looks like on the inside but I can’t see it. “It hasn’t shrunk in size or evaporated. I assume there’s no bacteria to it, it makes me sick. “I think it has so many preservatives [in it] or how else would it have lasted that long?” Megan claims she bought two cheeseburgers and some fries from a drive-thru back in November 2017, but after finishing off one burger, she threw the other in the back of her car and planned to eat it later. She says she was inspired to carry out the experiment after seeing an old burger being showcased in her doctor’s office. Megan left the burger untouched in the back of her wardrobe until last month, and while sorting out Christmas decorations, came across it. Megan added: “McDonald’s had a deal on for two cheeseburgers, fries, and a drink. “I didn’t eat the second burger and left it in the car while I ended up doing something else. “A few days later, I was cleaning my car and I realized I’d forgotten about it. “I got it out and it looked exactly how it was when I bought it. It was rock solid from the air I think but there was nothing wrong with it. “The cheeseburger and bun looked the same, it was just really hard. It didn’t smell, it hadn’t rotted or grown mold. “I like science stuff. A couple of years before I went to the doctor and he had a cake stand with a burger displayed that he’d kept for 20 years. “I would have just thrown it out if it wasn’t for me seeing the burger in the doctor’s office. “I threw it in the back of my closet and left it untouched until a few weeks ago.” As Megan plans to continue her experiment, she has re-wrapped the burger and placed it back in the cupboard where she’ll leave it for another five years. Megan said: “I’m going to put it back in the closet and see if it dies or changes or disappears.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here as permission.