A Ukrainian brewery has switched craft beer for Molotov cocktails in the fight against advancing Russian troops. The workers at the Pravda brewery in Lviv decided to produce the petrol bombs amid fears that Russian tanks will roll into the western city of 720,000 residents near the Polish border, Agence France-Presse reported. The company began producing the incendiary weapons for the Ukrainian Territorial Defense Forces, which is made up of reservists who responded to President Volodymyr Zelensky’s call to take up arms. “You have to wait for the cloth to be well soaked. When it is, that means the Molotov cocktail is ready,” one smiling employee told AFP as he stuffed the cloth deep into a beer bottle filled with a mixture of oil and gasoline. The beers-to-bombs endeavor comes after officials in the capital of Kyiv urged locals last week to “neutralize the occupier” with homemade firebombs. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. Military instructors have been teaching civilians to use Molotov cocktails against the heavily armed Russian troops. At the Pravda brewery, a few dozen of the bombs were placed neatly on tables so as to protect them from the light snowfall. The business owner, Yuriy Zastavny, said the idea to produce them came from one of his employees. “We do this because someone has to. We have the skills, we went through a street revolution in 2014,” he said, referring to Kyiv’s pro-Western uprising that ousted a Kremlin-backed regime. “We had to make and use Molotov cocktails then,” he said, vowing to do “everything we can to help win this war.” “I have absolutely no doubt that we’ll win,” he said in an interview with Fox News Monday. “We are already winning because we already disrupt[ed] the plans of the crazy dictator. “And we will continue to do it, because they are not facing only the Ukrainian Army, but they are facing the army of 40 million people prepared to fight every step,” Zastavny said. One of Pravda’s favorite brews is called “Putin khuylo,” AFP reported — which roughly translates to “Putin is a d—head.”