A 12-bedroom, 18-bathroom party estate in Bel Air is making waves with its wild price tag — while turning heads with its especially wild amenities. Listed at a whopping $139 million, this modern property took more than five years to build. Named “LA FIN,” the home rises high above Bel Air and, according to the listing, is “designed for entertaining at a scale comparable to the best hotels in the world.” Aside from the massive property, which is situated on more than 2 acres of land, the home comes with a detached penthouse, caretaker residences, security command center and a drive-on motor court. Boasting unobstructed panoramic city views, per the listing, the mansion features perks that include: a 23-foot outdoor LED screen, multiple bars, a sub-zero vodka tasting room, private wine room with a custom Murano glass art installation, a home theater with imported Belgian leather motorized seating, a six-car, display-ready rotating auto elevator, a separately ventilated cigar room with a humidor, a full-scale fitness center with a rock-climbing wall, a 6,000-square-foot nightclub and, last but not least, full catering facilities. Pegged as an “architectural masterpiece,” the house was constructed out of “rare and decadent materials sourced from Europe, Italy, and around the world,” the listing states. The entrance leads to a grand entertainment room with 23-foot ceilings. The expansive primary suite features floor-to-ceiling Italian hand-crafted oak cladding, a marble fireplace imported from Portugal and a wraparound deck with uninterrupted views from downtown to Century City. The primary bath has 24 slabs of book-matched Calacatta gold marble, a 100-square-foot shower, a floating marble vanity and showroom-style walk-in closets — all centered around a soaking tub cut from a single marble stone. Joseph Englanoff, a local doctor-turned-real estate investor, purchased the empty plot of land back in 2014 for $5 million. Jon Grauman and Adam Rosenfeld of The Agency hold the listing.