Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a really good friend — the kind of friend who’s willing to unclog a toilet. “Succession” executive producer and writer Georgia Pritchett, who penned and produced “Veep” along with other popular shows, recounted when she and Dreyfus were given a tour of the vice president’s residence by then real-life Veep Joe Biden in 2014. After Pritchett gleefully swiped as many souvenirs as she could pilfer from the bathroom, she surreptitiously called over Dreyfus and urged her to the bathroom. The “Seinfeld” actress immediately rolled up her sleeves and said, “OK, what did you do?” “She’d do anything, she rolls with the punches, she’s great that way,” Pritchett told The Post, convinced that the Emmy-winning actress was prepared to deal with, well, things that clog up toilets. “What I love is she was totally up for cleaning up whatever I’d done but also up for pinching some serviettes and plastic cups that said ‘The Vice-President’s Residence.'” The British-born scribe, 54, recounted the tale in her memoir, “My Mess Is a Bit of a Life: Adventures in Anxiety,” which also includes the time she worked on “Spice World: The Movie” starring the Spice Girls. The “Shrink Next Door” writer said she’s proud to have defused a bitter feud between Melanie Brown and the rest of the gals over Scary Spice’s refusal to wait for the others when they all went to the bathroom together. “It was like being one of those blue-helmeted people who go into war zones… a peacekeeper,” she revealed. “I’d like to think my legacy if nothing else is that the Spice Girls movie continued filming. I explained (to Scary Spice) that you have to wait for people when you go to the loo with them. That’s basic humanity.” Pritchett, also an EP and writer on “Succession,” joked that she can’t reveal anything because details for Season 4 are under lock and key. “I can hear snipers loading their guns on a nearby roof as you ask me that question,” she said. But she did reveal that next season will delve into uncharted territory for the Logan clan. “If you watch the end of Season 3, we’re in a place we’ve never been before where the children are kind of separate from Logan, so that’s an exciting prospect to dig into,” she noted before confessing that although she loves to write for all the characters, she has a “little secret place in my heart for that filthy little pixie Roman.” Along with behind-the-scenes tales, Pritchett’s memoir focuses on the chronic anxiety that has plagued her since childhood and how she’s woven it into her storytelling. “In recent years as I’ve learned to embrace it, I’ve managed to find some positive parts about being anxious,” she said. “To be anxious and to write comedy both involve a good imagination and a lot of self-awareness so those feed into each other.” One perfect example is that Pritchett suffers from nosebleeds “quite often in moments of high emotion.” So on “Veep,” when infatuated bagman Gary Walsh (Tony Hale) finds out that his beloved boss Selina Meyer (Louis-Dreyfus) is going to become president, he suffers a nosebleed. “That’s a time when your dysfunction and weirdness suddenly become good and you can think how to represent another broken, emotionally underdeveloped character’s expression of joy,” she said with a laugh.