Most days, President Biden doesn’t seem like he’s residing on this planet, much less in this country. But on the eve of Tuesday’s State of the Union address, if he really wants to try to salvage his administration, if he really wants to help America, if he really wants to raise our country’s standing in the world against increasing threats — then he needs to stop chasing fantasies and focus on reality. Stop spinning yarns about the Green New Deal and tell your party the truth. Without energy independence, the poor pay more, the economy suffers and our enemies are emboldened. Look at what has happened in Germany. Radicals shut down actual clean energy in the form of nuclear power, with vague promises of some greener future. But solar, wind . . . none of these come close to the demands of a modern economy. So Germany was forced to turn to Russia for more of its needs, allowing Vladimir Putin to hold it hostage. Much the same is happening here. When you cancel pipelines and stop fracking, you’re not saving the environment. We just end up burning more coal and oil, at greater cost. Plus we are more beholden to Russia and the Middle East. By all means, push for a better environmental future through innovation. Don’t fall for the alarmism and tell the country clearly it will take time. But for now, don’t sacrifice our flexibility on the international stage — and the electricity bills of families — on the altar of the Squad. Do you really want to stick it to Putin? Don’t such sanction him, uncancel the Keystone Pipeline. Return to the strategies that led us to be a net energy exporter in 2019 and 2020. Bring down the cost of filling the car for families AND ship natural gas to Germany to buck up our allies. Stop having the military spend its time reading Ibram X. Kendi’s “How to Be an Antiracist” rather than strategizing about how we’re going to support the Ukrainian resistance if Kyiv falls. Stop giving apologetic speeches about American history that suggest we don’t have a moral right to stand up to the leaders of China and Russia. Stop sabotaging the US economy by continuing to push “Build Back Better,” which will only drive inflation higher while wasting trillions. Stop unleashing the Justice Department on parents who complain to their schoolboards, acting as if that’s a bigger threat to our republic than rising violent crime in our cities. Stop falling behind in education to places like China because we don’t want to “judge” people by giving them failing grades. Stop with the hypocrisy of COVID mandates that aren’t followed by liberal elites, and the arrogant lecturing of Americans. Stop throwing open our borders and lying about it. Voters put you in office because they wanted calmness, “a return to normalcy” after the pandemic. They did not elect you to try and shove through a multi-trillion-dollar progressive wishlist. They did not elect you to deepen the divisions in the US. And they certainly didn’t expect you to ignore the world as it is and instead pursue of an imaginary land where enemies don’t exist, oil can be abandoned tomorrow. Stop it all. Start being a leader.