Let’s talk money, baby: brass tax, bottom lines and the warm feeling of a fistful of cold, hard cash. In astrology, much about financial strife and/or personal success can be gleaned from looking at the second, eighth and 11th houses within an individual birth chart. Known as the money houses, they correspond to individual wealth, wealth earned through partnership and wealth acquired in business. In addition to the money houses, the position of Venus — planet of possessions — and Jupiter — planet of luck and expansion — indicates whether an individual will find riches or ruin. Sagittarius is ruled by dice-rolling, luck-dealing planet Jupiter, imbuing natives with a predisposition toward prosperity. Sagittarians are the sort to make money by accident, inheriting houses from people they went on an ayahuasca retreat with, finding gold in gutters and windfalls in casino bathrooms. These folks prioritize adventure over assets, so what they are lucky enough to find usually leaves their pockets as easily as it came. If, like any other self-respecting capitalist, you measure success in dollar bills, the sign that counts the most billionaires under its stars is Libra. Clocking in at 27 billionaires, the sign of the scales and balances tips in the favor of Swedish businessman Stefan Persson, L’Oréal heiress Liliane Bettencourt and Alice Walton, heir-apparent to the Walmart fortune. The beauty of Libra is that it is ever seeking balance and likability, and this dominion of rich folks is among the most generous. By contrast, steadfast Capricorn comes in last place for billionaires, but as the most industrious sign in the zodiac, my bet is these enterprising earth signs are wise enough not to disclose all of their assets in order to evade taxes and the societal pressures of altruism. This, again, depends on how you count your blessings. After casting a critical eye at the star signs of scions and the credit scores of the common man, I bring you a list of how the zodiac signs get rich or die trying. Aries rules the head and, in general, tends to get ahead by whatever means necessary, tact and patience be damned. Rich rams include Google co-owner Larry Page, who helped expedite the search engine — fitting for a sign known for impatience. Fireworks for their own birthday party and grandiose floral arrangements for the many apologies they make Ruled by Venus, Taurus likes nice stuff and beautiful people and worships at the altar of comfort. They have a reputation for being hard-working but are most adept at rebranding their laziness as “self-care.” Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is a billionaire bull who has succeeded in taking all the effort out of making friends and staying connected and, in typical Taurus fashion, resists change to his own detriment. A vibrator so expensive and aesthetically impressive it moonlights as a mid-century sculpture Exciting and erratic, Geminis are effective at talking people into hand-shake deals, used cars and white-collar crime. Versatile with a flexible relationship to the truth, Geminis easily make their way, and their enemies, when it comes to business. Case in point: fiscally fluctuating former president Donald Trump. Gemini rules the third house of communication and natives have a famously short attention span; apropos to this, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel falls under the stars of the twins. A plethora of books they will never read but use to corroborate their conspiracy theories and expert opinions Ruled by the ever-changing moon, Cancer is intuitive, highly sensitive and prone to moodiness. Often appearing aloof or even hardened, they guard their candy-flavored emotional centers and accumulated assets with a protective exterior. Knighted moon child Sir Richard Branson exhibits the true, compassionate nature of Cancer through his $3 billion pledge to combat global warming. Every single dog at the kill shelter Famously fierce and vehemently vain, Leos are at their best when in the service of others, even, and perhaps especially, when that service is aesthetic. Leave it to a lion to make looking good lucrative — like Leo Kylie Jenner, who has amassed an unprecedented cosmetics fortune. The Venice mirror An exacting earth sign, Virgo likes to be in control. Believing, as they do, that no one is as capable as them of disinfecting spaces or calling shots, Virgos tend to be leaders rather than followers, owners rather than employees. As billionaire writer, producer and director Tyler Perry explains, “Ownership changes everything. I own the lights. I own the sets. So that’s where the difference is. Because I own everything, my returns are higher.” Artisanal water, experimental anti-aging treatments, holy dirt and gold bidet toilets Consummate hosts and notorious flatterers, Libras are likable and likely to convince people to give them money without question or hesitation. Ruled by Venus, Libra trades in affability and aesthetics. Fittingly, designer billionaire Ralph Lauren — “who made everyone wish they had a horse and mallet and riding crop, but persuaded us to be content with a shirt instead” — is a Libra. 1938 Bugatti With a desire for power but no taste for publicity, Scorpions are naturally adept at identifying, and capitalizing on, the skill sets of others. Scorpio rules the eighth house of sex, death and inheritance — an apropos distinction for Steve Jobs’ widow Laurene Powell Jobs, a native Scorpion and the beneficiary of her late husband’s staggering fortune. The secret love letters of disgraced dictators Blessed by Jupiter, planet of luck and abundance, Sagittarians are imbued with a natural sense of optimism that gives them the confidence to take risks, tell jokes, drive drunk and generally shoot their shot. Endlessly curious with a diverse set of skills and interests, archers usually make their money in more ways than one. Case in point: mogul Jay-Z, whose revenue streams include music, modeling, fashion, liquor selling, art collecting and real estate. Stock in a psilocybin startup Shrewd in business and strategic in relationships, Capricorn is built for a slow and steady climb to the top. Historically speaking, when Caps roll heavy in coins, things get weird. Case in point: Cap daddy millionaire Howard Hughes, who spent part of his fortune building flying boats and surveilling his much younger lovers. Aforementioned flying boat Aquarius rules the 11th house of community, networking, social justice and collaboration. Aquarians tend to make and spread money through their connections. As the most socially minded member of the zodiac, they believe that wealth should be shared and prosperity is a platform for humanitarian pursuits. Enter Aquarian Oprah “You get a car!” Winfrey, who’s known for her charitable donations and ceaseless promotion of others. Past-life regression therapy and space travel The term “doe-eyed” was invented for this ilk; their vulnerability acts as an aphrodisiac, encouraging tender-hearted strangers to fall in love with and financially back them. The escape artist of the zodiac, Pisces is prone to flee from feeling and seek solace in drugs, booze, French cinema and the biographies of doomed singers. Fittingly, Bernard Arnault, Piscean CEO of luxury conglomerate LVMH, owns such fine firewater brands as Moët & Chandon, Dom Pérignon, Krug, Veuve Clicquot, Belvedere and Hennessy. Bottoms up to the bottom dollar. Elf ears, watercolor pencils and Oculus headsets for all their friends Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad.