The CDC is — allegedly — going to “update” its mask guidance as soon as next week. We hope the body has the sense to recommend an immediate end to all mask mandates. Sadly, we know it’ll make at least one exception: Recently leaked audio shows that CDC head Dr. Rochelle Walensky has no plans to tweak masking guidance in schools. Proving yet again everyone should take all CDC guidances with a shaker of salt. Think of all the other CDC diktats we already ignore. This is the agency that ordered us to cook our prosciutto — mamma mia! — before eating it to minimize the risk of salmonella (an illness with a fatality rate in the hundredths of a percent). It forbids women a single glass of wine for their entire pregnancy and suggests they, even if not pregnant, never have more than one drink per day. (It’ll let men have two.) Can’t be too safe! It agrees with our last president on steak, saying well-done is the best way to go to fend off the (vanishingly small) chance of food poisoning. Like your eggs over-easy? With hollandaise sauce? Forget it, warns the CDC. Almost .03% of people who get egg-borne illnesses die in the US every year, after all. Want to whip up some homemade playdough to keep the kids busy on a rainy day? Nope, says the CDC. And don’t even think about letting them lick the spoon when you make cookies. Even if you discount this insanity, the CDC can’t keep its own COVID story straight. It caused months of chaos with its back-and-forth recommendations on masking and other hygiene theatrics. And its forthcoming “update” is clearly motivated by politics, not public health. It’s definitely not science-based. The risk to kids from COVID is, statistically, near zero. The total US death toll for under-18s in the entire pandemic so far is about 800. That’s out of almost 1 million dead. And a big chunk of the young people who died had other health problems. Here’s the plain truth: COVID is very dangerous to the elderly and those with underlying conditions. But its mortality rate outside those groups doesn’t justify anything like the world-altering precautions the CDC demanded. We can’t, and shouldn’t, completely change our society to mitigate risks so fractional they barely exist. Nothing could be more anti-science or less sustainable long-term. CDC guidance — whether on masks or on meat — is just noise. You should tune it out, and elected officials should stop hiding behind it and instead show leadership.