Mitchell Robinson has turned to social media in an emotional plea for help to locate his missing father. The Knicks’ center wrote “my dad is missing” Monday on his Snapchat account, accompanying a link to a Feb. 13 post on Facebook by the Escambia County Sheriff’s Office in Pensacola, Fla., stating that a man identified as 39-year-old Mitchell Robinson Jr. has been reported as missing since Feb. 11. The 23-year-old Robinson also posted a video on his Instagram story of what appeared to be himself driving, along with the text, “Don’t know a place the devil will hide you……Come home pops.” His IG story also included a song containing the first sentence of that quote in its lyrics, entitled “Emo Love” by Louisiana-born rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again. The sheriff office’s post from more than a week ago referred to the elder Robinson as a “missing endangered adult” with a date of birth of Oct. 31, 1982. ESCO urged anyone with information about the missing man’s whereabouts should contact the dispatch office at 850-436-9620, and Robinson posted the same phone number in his social media plea. A picture of Robinson’s father also was shared by police, showing him wearing a backwards white baseball cap and a pink short-sleeve shirt. “Mitchell Robinson Jr. was last seen on the 7900-block of Atilla Avenue on February 11th, 2022,” the police post stated. “His clothing description at this time is unknown.” Mitchell Robinson III is in his fourth season with the Knicks after they selected him in the second round of the 2018 NBA Draft. He attended two years of high school in Pensacola before transferring for his junior year to Chalmette High School in St. Bernard Parish, La. The 7-foot center missed much of last season with hand and foot injuries, but he’s averaging 8.4 points, 8.7 rebounds and 1.7 blocked shots per game in 53 appearances (44 starts) this season. He is eligible to become an unrestricted free agent this summer after his current three-year, $4.7 million contract expires.