Peacock is officially stirring the pot! An astute TikTok user had “The Office” fans in a tizzy after revealing that the recipe for “Kevin’s Famous Chili” is buried within the terms and conditions of the comedy series’ exclusive streaming home Peacock.  A video detailing the epicurean Easter egg currently boasts over 131,000 views on TikTok. “Is it because no one ever reads these??” wrote TikTok user @mckenziefloyd above a clip of the delicious addendum, which her boyfriend reportedly discovered while perusing the NBC Universal streamer’s agreement. “I’m trying to figure out why the chili from The Office, the recipe, is on here in the terms of conditions with the instructions,” exclaimed Floyd in the clip. “Why was that necessary to put on here?” She added, “And then it just goes back to the regular terms and conditions. I’m not understanding!” Commenters had their own theories for the recipe’s inclusion with one writing, “peacock just don’t want us to forget they the only platform that streams the office.” “I Think They We’re Tryna Make Sure Y’all Read It,” said another. For the uninitiated, “Kevin’s Famous Chili” appears in Episode 26 of Season 5 of “The Office,” in which Kevin Malone (Brian Baumgartner) brings his namesake speciality into the Dunder-Mifflin headquarters for his co-workers to enjoy. “It’s a recipe passed down from Malones for generations,” teases Malone in the hilarious cold open.  “It’s probably the thing I do best.” Unfortunately, the generous employee’s attempt to share his family delicacy goes belly-up after he spills the chili all over the floor, whereupon he hilariously tries to scoop it back into the pot but to no avail. Floyd claimed in the comments that she has yet to test the dish, but we’ve included the recipe in its entirety in case any “Office”-loving gourmands wish to take a stab. Ingredients Directions This isn’t the first time Peacock has hidden cooking instructions in their terms of use policy. In 2020, eagle-eyed users discovered that the document harbored a random recipe for chocolate cake. “At Peacock, we don’t make promises we can’t keep,” they wrote. “So, please see below for very delicious, Peacock-approved, just-like-Grandma-used-to-make chocolate cake recipe.”