Something is wrong with this clip from “The Price Is Right.” Hilarious footage from a January 2021 episode of the popular CBS game show is going viral on social media as it shows an “awkward” contestant struggling to make her way off stage. Christopher Ward shared the clip on TikTok and Twitter Wednesday after watching a rerun of the show and noticing the editing fail. In the scene, the female contestant makes her way onto the stage to spin the show’s “big wheel” in front of host Drew Carey. The woman — who is not identified in the clip — is clad in a red shirt and blue jeans and she spins the wheel once before being asked to step off the stage. However, the confused contestant cannot find the exit and is left wandering around the game show set as Carey welcomes up the next competitor. For almost 10 excruciating seconds, the woman awkwardly wanders around, trying to find an exit in the background before she decides to stand still, hovering behind Carey — who doesn’t notice her. Then she makes another last-ditch effort to leave the set, trying in vain to find a doorway to escape. “This girl represents all us awkward people,” a laughing Ward captioned his video, which has been viewed 2.8 million times on TikTok alone. One commenter claimed they witnessed the moment in real life, and it was just as hilarious as it was on TikTok. “I went to this taping last January. This exact episode. We were hysterically laughing at her, there’s only 1 exit off stage,” they stated. Meanwhile, others poked fun at the contestant, saying they would be “haunted” if they had ended up in the embarrassing situation. “Rumor has it she’s still wandering around backstage,” one commenter quipped. Carey — who is a prolific user of Twitter — has not yet weighed in on the viral video. It’s the latest humorous incident from “The Price Is Right” to hit headlines in recent weeks. Earlier this month, fans were left laughing when a Massachusetts contestant scored a vacation trip — to neighboring state New Hampshire, which she already had visited “a million times” — on the game show.