It’s “Bridgerton” meets “The Bachelor” in NBC’s newest reality show dating competition, “The Courtship.” The regency-era-inspired series is dropping on NBC and its streaming service Peacock on March 6. The show takes a page out of Jane Austen’s “Pride and Prejudice” as a modern spin on the classic game of love. It features Nicole Remy, a Seattle woman who is looking for her own Mr. Darcy. “The Courtship” was formally titled “Pride & Prejudice: An Experiment in Romance.” Remy, 26, is a University of Southern California graduate working as a software engineer and product manager. She will be heading to England to find love among 16 eligible bachelors. The setting of the series takes place at a 19th-century castle resting in the English countryside’s rolling hills. Remy and her suitors won’t be able to use their modern-day ways for dating and instead will resort to courting methods of the 1800s. It will be all handwritten love letters, carriage rides and mysterious formal balls for this slew of beaus! The trailer gives many glimpses of the reality show and what viewers can expect. The men are dressed to the nines in 19th-century period clothing as they try to woo Remy against a backdrop of majestic teas, garden parties and other affairs of the time. But how will Remy know if she has found “The One?” Say hello to her “Court” — a group of trusted advisors who will help pick out her dates. The confidants include her dad, Claude; her mom, Claire; her sister Danie and her best friend Tessa. And yes, they’re dressed in true period fashions, too. The 16 men who compete for Remy’s heart include Mr. Daniel Bochicchio from Staten Island, New York; Mr. Giuseppe Castronovo from Point Pleasant, New Jersey; Mr. Lincoln Chapman from Nashville, Tennessee; Mr. Christian Lee Cones from Los Angeles; Mr. Lewis Echavarria from Miami, Florida; Mr. Jaquan Holland from Los Angeles; Mr. Daniel “Dan” Hunter from Los Angeles; Mr. Derek Kesseler from Vancouver, British Columbia; Capt. Danny Kim from Seoul, South Korea; Mr. Alex “Achilles” King from San Diego, California; Mr. Chandler “Chan” Luxe from West Hollywood, California; Mr. Charlie Mumbray from Kent, England; Mr. Peter Saffa from Defiance, Missouri; Dr. Jarrett Schanzer from Miami, Florida; Mr. Nate Shanklin from Sacramento, California; and Mr. Caleb Ward from Hampton, Virginia. British TV personality Rick Edwards is hosting the competition series.