Matt Harvey opened up about his own drug use and Tyler Skaggs’ as part of the trial involving former Angels employee Eric Kay, who is accused of providing Skaggs with the drugs that may have led to the pitcher’s death. Kay is facing two felony charges and is accused of distributing oxycodone pills that contained fentanyl to Skaggs, who was found dead in his hotel room while the Angels were on a road trip in Texas in July 2019. According to various reporters covering the trial, Harvey agreed to speak because he was given immunity after he was subpoenaed. The former Mets star was a teammate of Skaggs’ at the time of his death. According to ESPN, Kay’s attorney said Skaggs had said of the drugs that killed him, “Those are Percocets I got from Harvey.” In his testimony, Harvey said he had provided Skaggs with six or seven Percocets in the clubhouse during the season. Otherwise, Harvey said, Kay was Skaggs’ usual provider. Kay, the Angels’ former communications director, was in rehab in April and May 2019. According to Harvey, Skaggs asked him to get pills from his sources. Harvey acknowledged in testimony that he has used cocaine. According to ESPN, defense attorney Michael Molfetta asked if he lied about his use of the drug in New York. “No one really asked,” Harvey replied. According to Harvey, as ESPN reported, Skaggs would crush and snort oxycodone on the toilet paper dispenser in the clubhouse bathroom. Harvey said on June 30, 2019 — the day the Angels flew to Texas and a day prior to Skaggs’ death — he was informed he wasn’t making the trip. He had asked Kay for a blue oxycodone that was placed into Harvey’s locker, but he had not taken it yet. The next day, he heard about Skaggs and threw out the pill. Molfetta asked Harvey if he wished he had told Skaggs to be careful. “Obviously looking back, I wish I had,” Harvey said, according to ESPN. “… Guys are constantly doing what they can to stay on the field. At the time I thought I was being a good teammate.” The 32-year-old Harvey is a free agent. He acknowledged this information becoming public could harm his career.