The astounding YETI brand has exceeded our expectations yet again. This time, YETI brings us two new product launches and never-before-seen colorways, all a part of their spring launch. Fans of the brand can enjoy the all new Camino 20 Carryall, Camino 50 Carryall (which is coming soon) and the new and improved Hopper M30 Soft Cooler. The new products and classic fan favorites are all available in the brand’s new electric blue and pretty pink colors. The “Offshore” blue was inspired by the beauty below the surface, while the “Bimini” pink was inspired by the tropical tastes of the Bahamas. Created with the help of nature’s gleam, the seasonal colors will go fast. Though, they will only be available while supplies last. Keep reading to shop the new product launches alongside our favorite seasonal color picks. Looking to shop the entire new collection? Click here for the full lineup. The Camino 20 Carryall is ideal for small adventures in life. Use it as an everyday companion, bring it to the gym or save it for those muddy moments. Features include deployable dividers, interior zippers, waterproof material and more. Looking for a tough tumbler? Well, you’ve found it! This 20 ounce tumbler is made of durable stainless steel, feature double-wall vacuum insulation and includes a Magslider lid. It’s everything you loved in the original Hopper, but this time, it’s new and improved. Upgraded features include elevated MagShield Access, an improved wide-mouth top and a tough strip of magnets that keep the cold in. Keep your cool drinks colder and your hot drink hotter with the help of this 30 ounce tumbler. It’s ideal for your commute to work, taking on a camping trip and everything in between. Keep your food and beverages ice cold with the Roadie 24. Best of all, it’s tall enough to fit wine bottles yet slim enough to fit in the smallest of spaces. Enjoy this 36 ounce rambler for efficient hydration and ice cold chugs. The cap twists off quickly and reveals a shatter-resistant spout for controlled drinking. What more could you want? There are some things that should never be compromised, and a 100% dry case is one of them. So go ahead and pack your phone, keys, wallet and more in the Sidekick Dry Gear Case. The waterproof seal and powerful magnets will make sure it all stays dry. Keep your coffee and hot beverages steamy with the 14 ounce Rambler Mug. You can look forward to a double-wall vacuum-insulated body, a wide opening and a Magslider lid. Meet your new best friend. This soft cooler is compact, portable and allows for easy access to all of your favorite packed drinks and snacks. Sometimes a straw makes everything better, and that’s definitely the case for this YETI Rambler. Enjoy ice cold teas, water and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.