A few comfy statement blankets could be the decor upgrade that makes your next binge watch that much more, well, binge-worthy. And don’t even think about storing these away. Fold them in a rattan basket or casually throw them on the end of your couch or bed for an effortlessly stylish look — so long as they’re within arm’s reach, of course. In fact, you could have a seat right now and log on to Amazon.com while you imagine what your TV room will look like with their countless cozy covers to choose, many of which could on your couch as soon as the next day. Looking for a heated blanket to stay warm throughout the cold winter months? The Post knows the hottest brands. Want to reduce your anxiety? There’s a wide array of weighted blankets. Room to splurge? We found an epic deal on the popular Barefoot Dreams throw. Don’t want to spend more than $25? We can do you better starting at just $14. No matter what type of throw blanket you’re looking for, our list filled with Amazon picks has you covered. The Utopia Bedding fleece throw blanket has more than 30,000 raving reviews and a 4.7-star rating. Plus it comes in a plethora of colors, four sizes and is currently on sale for $9 less than normal! This bohemian vibe throw blanket comes in more than 15 shades, two sizes and costs less than $25. For a light option, consider the Smyrna Turkish throw blanket. Choose between 10 different colors and save $5 while supplies last. Weighted blankets have become popular over the years for their anxiety-reducing effects. Research has shown that sleeping under weight brings a better sleep overall — leaving you feeling rested and revitalized. Others have said that weighted blankets have even helped decrease their anxiety and stress. The YnM Weighted Blanket is Amazon’s No. 1 Bestseller and has over 45,000 reviews plus a 4.6-star rating on Amazon.com. They over many different sizes and weights, ranging from five to 30 pounds and come in almost 25 patterns and colors. If you’ve been shopping for a throw blanket, you likely know all about the oh-so-popular Barefoot Dreams blanket. While these babies normally cost upwards of $140, we found this one in a gorgeous sand shade for more than 32% off. For a shabby chic aesthetic, you can’t go wrong with this faux fur throw blanket to drape on your favorite chair. The Abound Chunky Knit Throw Blanket is another great option if you don’t want to sacrifice style with your new purchase. It’s currently $20 off the normal price and comes in eight different colors. The Green Orange ribbed throw blanket has more than 18,000 raving reviews and comes in 35 colors. Plus, enjoy 30% off for a limited time! While this blanket won’t offer a ton of warm, it’s ultra cozy and will certainly add a chic touch to any space. For a knit, sherpa hybrid option, consider this blanket from Longhui Bedding for just $40. Love tassels and sherpa material? This option was made for you! This Horimote Home pick comes in eight colors, two different sizes and is currently on sale for more than 10%. If you’re on a budget, this waffle-textured throw blanket is one of the least expensive on our list but with 3,500 Amazon reviews, you likely can’t go wrong! If you live in a cold-weathered part of the world, a good quality heated blanket is definitely worth the investment. This one from Westinghouse has 10 different heating options, a 12-hour auto safety off feature and so much more. When in doubt, go with the basics. This Amazon branded sherpa blanket is a great option, with more than 14,500 reviews. It comes in more than 30 colors and designs to match your aesthetic, too. Calling all UGG fans! If you weren’t aware the coveted brand sells ultra-comfy blankets you (and your wallet) won’t be able to resist. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.