A mom hit back at fellow parents who slammed her for dropping her son off at school wearing a short pink playsuit that showed her curves. Vanesa Medina, a model and lawyer, was filmed on the school run this week at her child’s school in the Bolivian city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra. The short clip, which was filmed by another parent whose child attends the school, shows Vanessa in a skin-tight playsuit. She can be seen getting out of her car and grabbing her child’s bag before walking him to the gate. The daring outfit had a halter-necked top and a cut out at the chest. As Vanesa turns around to get back into her car the woman shooting the fly-on-the-wall documentary comments that the clothes are “inappropriate” in front of young children. The disgruntled secret camera wheedler also said it wasn’t the first time Vanessa had worn something revealing at the morning drop-off. The video of the model, who previously won a Miss Fitness contest in Bolivia, quickly went viral on social media when fellow critics joined ranks with the cameraperson to agree that it was not the right outfit. But Vanesa wasn’t backing down and took to social media to slam those trying to shame her for her clothes. She said: “I wanted to express my gratitude to everyone who sent messages of support, signs of affection and appreciation with such beautiful words, and defending me on social media over that video that went viral with bad intentions against me that the mother took, wanting to denigrate me, exposing herself with such contempt towards me, and exposing my four-year-old son without knowing that is a crime. “Her plans did not go as well as she wanted. She had the worst intentions by uploading it and exposing me, referring to me like that. “But this post is not about that woman, it is to thank all those people who stood by my side.” She added: “I am a fit mommy who works hard and I take care of my son with all the love in the world, and I don’t do anything bad to anyone. “People who know me know I have a heart full of love and values.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.