In Filip Chytil’s mind, he began a new season Tuesday night. The Rangers only can hope it was a sign of things to come. After getting some time off to deal with an unspecified lower-body injury, Chytil returned to the ice to face the Bruins and turned in a noticeably improved performance with a goal in the Rangers’ shootout win. “That was needed, the rest,” Chytil, who had gone three-plus weeks between games, said Wednesday. “There was something I was battling through. I needed the rest. I worked hard during the break and got back to top shape. … I was battling with some stuff that I want to forget.” Chytil’s improved physical status was evident in his play. “He managed the puck real well, he didn’t turn pucks over, he was strong in his game,” coach Gerard Gallant said. “He scored a goal, he shot the pick, he went to the net for the rebound. A lot of times when you’re not in a groove, you’re turning away from that rebound. He did the right things, he was strong. “He looked like a man last night.” Chytil left a Jan. 22 game early with the lower-body injury that cost him the next five games. Combined with the All-Star break and an extra week off for the Rangers, Chytil used the down time to not only recover physically, but also to look at his own game. Gallant has moved Chytil, a natural center, around the lineup over the course of the season depending on what was best for the team. But Chytil knows that in order to stick at center, his play needs to improve. “If I want to stay there, [which is what] I want, I have to change something there,” Chytil said. “[Tuesday] was a good start.” Igor Shesterkin’s return to the ice in time for the shootout Tuesday was dramatic, but his fight to get back wasn’t much of a surprise to his teammates. The Rangers goalie was pulled from the ice by a concussion spotter with 41 seconds left in overtime, but after passing a test in the locker room, he returned to stop seven of nine shots in the shootout. “You see how competitive he is and how bad he wants to win,” defenseman Ryan Lindgren said. “He’s taken some shots this year, but it seems like he gets up every time and gets back in there and battles like he does. Seeing what happened to him last night where he kind of got ran over and had to come out, then he comes back in for the shootout and stands on his head again. It gives us a lot of confidence and we know he’s going to battle each and every night.” Mika Zibanejad did not practice Wednesday for maintenance reasons, the Rangers said.