These fans clearly weren’t feeling the (self) love. An Instagram influencer was left devastated after losing thousands of followers for advertising a sex toy and broadcasting the benefits of masturbation. Nelly London, 28, is a model with hundreds of thousands of fans on social media, frequently sharing snaps of her curvy figure in a bid to promote body positivity. But it turns out many of the British bombshell’s over 466,000 followers on Instagram weren’t so positive about the star showing off her Vush Empress 2 Clitoral Vacuum Stimulator. More than 2,000 critics unfollowed London in the wake of a saucy post she shared on Thursday, which saw her clutching the pale pink gadget while clad in lacy lingerie. “2062 people have unfollowed me today after talking about masturbation on my story this morning,” the model moaned in a follow-up post. “I won’t lie it is a bit upsetting, but it just proves the work we’ve still got to do when it comes to the shame around pleasure,” she declared. London listed the positives of self-pleasure, saying it was a “sleep aid” and a “stress reliever.” She further blasted that masturbation was not “dirty, dangerous or something to be embarrassed by.” The influencer also insisted that solo fun was not cheating, and that she is still in a sexually satisfying relationship with her partner. London said she received several outraged messages from former fans who claimed she was crass for showing off her naughty device. “I thought you had class, what if a child saw this? Unfollowed, unfollowed, UNFOLLOWED,” one of the messages purportedly read. “This is way too much information!” another penned, adding several vomit emojis. However, the beauty was inundated with support from those who agreed that self-love was nothing to be ashamed about. “It is so frustrating!!!” a masturbation enthusiast declared. “Why so much stigma against something so pleasurable and positive?! Sorry about the unfollowers, but never stop sharing!” Indeed, London wasn’t backing down, even encouraging her fans to get in touch with their sexual side. The star offered a link to her favorite sex toy, giving out a special code so they could get a 60% discount. 