When choosing the best fire pit for you, there’s a surprising number of hot topics to consider. First, you want to make sure it’s durable and built to last. Second, you want to make sure the look of it suits your outdoor space. And third, you want to make sure it’s well within your budget — while still capable of cooking incredible s’mores. With warmer months around the corner, it’s not a fire drill to buy a fire pit ASAP (ha!) — but when you’re loading up on gardening tools and new outdoor patio furniture, it’s likely on your wishlist. That said, we curated a fiery edit  of the 21 best outdoor fire pits to add some heat to your space. From top selections at Amazon, Lowe’s and Wayfair  — among others — you’ll be all set to entertain and emblazen. Plus, more heat-ridden options are available in our guide to the best space heaters. Click to jump to a specific type of fire pit: The SinglyFire 22″ Fire Pit is an incredible budget option that’s stainless steel-painted and can be used as a fire pit, bonfire pit or BBQ grill. Plus its easy assembly and spark screen for safety are both convenient and practical for your backyard. Meet the titan of all fire pits. The Solo Stove not only comes in many size varieties but it’s also one of the most well-adored brands for giving that smokeless and chic delivery. The polished stainless steel finish is bound to match any outdoor space, too. Because of its portable nature, you can also enjoy the flames as a camping fire pit. Most notably, its double-wall design maximizes airflow and the burning process which, in turn, gives you more flames and a more efficient burn. If the look of Breeo’s X Series Smokeless Fire Pit isn’t enough to sell you, then its patented X Airflow system will. This results in a “campfire experience that doesn’t require moving your chair every five minutes,” per the brand. Not to mention, the corten steel makeup — also known as weathering steel — is designed to develop an iron oxide surface over time, called patina. This reddish-brown coating will wonderfully protect your fire pit from the elements, so it’s built to last. Our readers avidly purchased the Flikr Fire Personal Concrete Fireplace when we reserved its spot in our many holiday gift guides. Why? It’s suitable for both outdoor and indoor use, is fairly priced and uses isopropyl alcohol “for a clean burn that doesn’t create soot and is safe to eat over,” per the brand. What’s more, only five ounces of isopropyl alcohol will achieve 50 minutes of burn time that is effective and sets the ambiance for any space — whether it’s your backyard or living room. This heavy-duty stainless steel smokeless fire pit from Vevor caught our attention for being durable and coming with a stand (a huge bonus). It’s portable, easy to use and designed by a company known for its high-quality nature. Though it’s not 100% smokeless, its double-wall design ensures that smoke will be reduced to a maximum extent, as oxygen is added to the combustion through its vent holes. An Amazon’s Choice product, Outland Living’s Portable Smokeless Fire Pit is an alloy and stainless steel hybrid that’s less than $200 and has an easy-to-transport round design. It even comes with a complete fire pit kit, clad with a pre-attached 10. ft. hose, a fully adjustable regulator with a chrome valve knob for varying flame height and a natural lava rock set for aesthetics and to enhance the flickering effect. Adored for its rectangular, BBQ-like design, BioLite’s FirePit+ creates a wonderful gather-round-the-campfire experience, many thanks to its X-ray mesh body for 360-degree views. Interestingly, you can control the size and intensity of your flames — either manually or remotely — with the free Bluetooth paired app. This top-rated Amazon fire pit is made of metal and stainless steel with a rubbed bronze finish to make a material trifecta that’s built to last. It uses a 20 lb. propane tank that’s not included and is also safe for wood decks. Level up your fire pit with a fire pit table. This model from Snan will seamlessly match with the rest of your outdoor patio furniture, too, including the ambiance-setting lava rocks and a metal fire plate cover for safety and storage. We were floored the second we came across Vicluke’s Aluminum Propane Fire Pit Table. Its faux ledgestone exterior evokes the feel of a custom built-in for your outdoor deck and decor. Plus, we love its hibachi-style flames that are housed in the center of the pit. If you want something of a darker tone, round and a bit more modern, look no further than Allen + Roth’s Stacked Stone Propane Gas Fire Pit Table. It’s great for sitting around, too, given its round nature, and is a bit taller than some others we’ve seen. If the Latitude Run Astrath Concrete Propane Fire Pit doesn’t give you Hamptons mansion vibes, we don’t know what will. This 50% off beaut has a modern stature and is weather-resistant to enjoy in any season. Make your outdoor fire pit feel like a piece of outdoor furniture with this table-like model that’s one of our favorites for entertaining. It’s less than $350, too, and brings a rustic touch to your backyard — lava rocks included. As a relatively affordable fire pit that still consists of a concrete design and propane makeup, Teamson’s model is timeless, easy to use and won’t take up much real estate in your backyard. Not to mention, it’ll definitely be a conversation piece. Hello, outdoor beauty. For less than $2,400, this lifetime-lasting essential is absolutely stunning and has stone-built ins to store faux plants, logs and other entertaining essentials. If you’re renovating your backyard, this piece is our most recommended. As far as wood-burning fire pits go, Bali Outdoors’ model is one of the most affordable without compromising quality. Its cast-iron, hourglass-framed fire pit gives an antiquey feel has a round-wire mesh screen for safety (so bonus points for being extra kid-friendly). Forget fire pits — how about a fire stove? Ideal for roasting marshmallows, making pizza or simply heating up your backyard on a brisker evening, Ashley Hearth’s pedestal design is both breathtaking and practical, clad with beautiful brushed nickel accents. For a smaller outdoor fire pit, consider Big Horn’s model. For just $229, its swivel grill-height adjustment is worthy of adding to your cart. Not to mention, its oversize fire bowl and heavy-duty gauge legs render it even more stellar for the price. For the budget-minded, you can’t beat Style Selections’ model as an easy-to-use, no-frills option. Impressively, its dome-shaped screen minimizes ashes released in the air, so you’re getting an effective burn for just $55. This lovely mixed-tone cobblestone fire pit by Christopher Knight Home (a brand developed by Peter Brady of “The Brady Bunch,” FYI) is unbeatable for your backyard. Its beautifully accented, contemporary feel is also practical, featuring a protective iron shield that’s great for entertaining guests. Let’s talk massive. Pleasant Hearth’s Steel Wood-Burning Outdoor Fire Pit is one of the largest we’ve seen and gives your backyard that built-in feel. You simply can’t compare its size and quality to any other, either. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.