Scandalous! Actress Kerry Washington’s former rental is back on the market for the queenly sum of $25 million — following a hefty $2.5 million price chop and broker swap. Mansion Global first reported the listing. The stunning Bronx-born star of “Scandal” and “Little Fires Everywhere” paid close to $70,000 a month to live in the 6,168-square-foot Upper West Side penthouse at 50 Riverside Blvd. when she was on Broadway, starring in “American Son” in 2019. (Common charges are an additional $6,914 a month.) “We spent a lot of time looking for a place that had enough space for our whole crew, our posse,” Washington — who had previously been living in LA with her husband, the NFL cornerback turned actor Nnamdi Asomugha and their three kids — told Architectural Digest at the time. The full-floor home comes with a private elevator landing, six bedrooms and 7½ bathrooms. Floor-to-ceiling windows showcase the Hudson River and sunset views. There’s also open living and dining areas divided by a look-through fireplace. And yes, the corner living room sofa was a favorite go-to for Washington, just like her iconic “Scandal” character, Olivia Pope, savoring a glass of wine on her coach at the end of a long day solving presidential problems. “That Cloud couch is dangerous — I never wanted to get up,” Washington told AD. The penthouse also features an eat-in chef’s kitchen, a media room with a wet bar and built-in wine fridge, a mud room and a laundry room, while the main bedroom boasts a sitting room, custom walk-in closets and spa bathrooms with walk-in showers and one windowed soaking tub. Building amenities include s a gym, spa, a 75-foot pool, a 38-foot rock climbing wall, basketball and squash courts, bowling alley, golf simulator, residents’ lounge, game room, screening room and events room with a catering kitchen. There’s even an indoor playground designed by Kidville. The current seller paid $19.69 million for the penthouse in 2016, according to property records. The listing broker is Serhant’s Carolina Bravo.