Former New York Jets running back Zac Stacy is facing five new domestic violence charges related to a second alleged attack on his ex-girlfriend. Stacy was charged on Feb. 16 with three counts of misdemeanor battery and two counts of misdemeanor criminal mischief, according to court documents obtained by The Post. The alleged assault happened Aug. 16 and involved Kristin Evans, the mother of his child. In newly released footage connected to the August incident, Stacy is seen on video telling Evans to give him all of his money, but Evans runs inside her home. “That’s all I have,” Evans says in tears. “Well give it to me then … get your phone and get it,” Stacy yells. Their baby is heard in the background crying. At another point in the video, Evans bolts out the door and runs inside her car. Stacy can be heard off-camera threatening to break the house window. He then picks up a trash can and slams it onto Evans’ car as she tries to pull out of the driveway, the clip shows. Stacy grabs the windshield wipers and once again demands, “Give me my money!” Evan told The Post on Wednesday that she was upset to learn prosecutors only decided to charge Stacy with misdemeanors related to the August 2021 incident. “My legal counsel has told me that there were felonies in the video evidence from August, so it’s very disappointing that there were only misdemeanor charges,” Evans said. “I’m working with my legal team to confer with the district attorney’s office on the charges that have been filed.” Evans also was allegedly attacked by Stacy in November — with shocking home video showing the ex-NFL player pummeling her in front of their then-4-month old child. He was charged with felony aggravated battery and third-degree felony criminal mischief in that case. In the police body camera footage of his arrest, Stacy claimed Evans was having an affair with his lawyer in a separate case — and accused her of staging the disturbing beatdown. “It’s unfortunate because I just got out of rehab for anxiety and depression-like eight months ago,” Stacy told cops. “I dropped everything to come down here and support the mother of my child in her last trimester, and the baby. I let her know I wasn’t trying to be with her or nothing like that. This is a case of just bitterness. That’s why she did this. The whole assault thing. She staged it. She set me up.” Evans has denied the affair and claimed that the police were helping Stacy. “When he was arrested, you can hear in the video that the Orlando Police officers are telling him, ‘Don’t say too much,’” Evans previously told The Post. “It feels like they were more in tune with protecting the abuser than the victim in this situation, and I want to make sure that people understand that is something I want to change.” Stacy entered an in-patient mental health treatment facility in Colorado after his November arrest. He is now scheduled to return to court to face the new charges on March 16. While Evans could not comment on the specifics of either cases, she told The Post she has endured erratic and violent behavior from Stacy during their relationship, including when he allegedly slapped and choked her and left handprint marks on her body. She also claimed the ex-NFLer had headbutted her while she was holding their baby. “I think it’s really important for women to understand that they cannot change their abusers and that if this happened once before, it can happen again,” Evans told The Post previously. “If it’s not physical abuse, it’s mental abuse … it’s important to get away as soon as you can.”