You only get one first — and last — impression. Canadian woman Beatrice Fediuk, née Hamel, decided to write her own obituary before she passed on, but this was no ordinary death notice. Fediuk wanted to be sure she stood out from the crowd, leading her to write her obituary as a job résumé to assure her heavenly qualifications. The former teacher from Winnipeg was 94 when she died on Feb. 12. Winnipeg Free Press reporter Kevin Rollason shared images of the obituary printed in his employer’s newspaper on Feb. 19. “Dear Lord, Please accept my application for Eternal Life. My resumé is as follows,” the page began. As with any complete job application, Fediuk’s résumé outlined her objectives, references, training, experience, volunteer work and hobbies, as well as a brief bio of her early life — stating that she was born on Oct. 22, 1927, to parents Eugenie and Alfred Hamel, who, altogether, bore seven children. According to her CV, she began teaching in 1948 before moving to the Tyndall region of Manitoba. “It was there that I met the love of my life, John, and we were married in June 1951. Our one and only daughter, Michelle was born 11 years later,” she wrote. She also counted her “fur babies”: Bozo, Bimbo, and Bijou. Fediuk highlighted her professional mission and call to serve children with special needs. “Lord, you know that I never had any ‘teacher’s pets,’ for gifted children already have a greater chance of success,” she said. “Rather, I put my heart into teaching those with learning challenges, or difficult family situations. It was here that I feel I did my best work.” When she wasn’t busy molding young minds, she “knitted scarves for underprivileged children and prayer shawls for the sick and dying,” she added. The altruist credited her granddaughter for inspiring her later work. “When it was discovered that our granddaughter had an intellectual disability, I redirected my efforts to educating myself about her diagnosis, so I could support her in achieving her goals,” she said. “And Lord, she taught me more about what is important in life than I ever taught her,” the educator recalled. The self-proclaimed “Winter Texan” also took trips to Hawaii, Alaska, Florida and California, and enjoyed a busy retirement with friends and family in Magic Valley during the colder months. Fediuk reflected on her transition into late life, thanking those who cared for her until the end. “At last, I had to face my greatest fear — the loss of my independence — and in February, 2021, I moved to Tuxedo Villa Personal Care Home. Thankfully, I had an amazing group of caregivers on Station 2, who kept me safe from COVID-19, as it ravaged the facility and the world,” she said. On those who preceded her through the Pearly Gates — including her husband, siblings and nephew, she penned — “They … are already with you in Heaven and can provide references for me.” Meanwhile, her daughter, son-in-law and granddaughter continue to serve in her stead, “as there are no openings for them in Heaven just yet.” The cheeky author concluded in her letter to God, “Lord, I hope that you will find that I have met my Objectives and deserve a place in Your heavenly home. You know where to find me to further discuss my qualifications.”