This pub has its morals on tap. The Red Lion bar in Bristol, UK, only serves drinks it’s deemed “ethical” — a decision that is allegedly earning it a lot of flack and the label “Britain’s wokest pub.” Concerns about companies’ reportedly improper land and water use, as well as issues surrounding workers’ rights, are among the deciding factors in how the Red Lion chooses what to stock and what not to stock, its landlord told South West News Service. “We don’t serve Coca-Cola because they have a history of seriously bad use of water in third-world countries,” explained the landlord, who is identified only as Lemmy. Other shunned drinks include Thatchers (banned for its link to English slave-trader Edward Colston), Heineken (which, Lemmy said, has been accused of unethical practices in Africa), Bacardi (for its troubled history with Cuba) and the Polish lager Tyskie (for the company’s seeming connection with the anti-LGBTQ movement). The pub’s decision not to serve certain sodas and spirits has brought it a great deal of online criticism — unfairly so, Lemmy believes. “We have been labeled ‘woke’ and all these weaponized words which have made us feel pretty vulnerable,” he said. “When we have taken the stance which we believe is ethical, we do not want to be made some kind of target.” The litany of shame tossed the bar’s way in recent Facebook posts, according to SWNS, has included allegations that the establishment was “pathetic,” an “embarrassment” and run by “absolute snow flakes” who are “clearly idiots,” plus the charge that the pub was “everything that is wrong in the modern day society.” However, Lemmy insisted that significant nuance went into the bar’s decisions. Indeed, the pub only stopped selling Thatchers on draft during the coronavirus pandemic — initially due to its quality, and then due to a controversy involving the charitable Society of Merchant Venturers that made it impossible to continue selling it without being “hypocritical,” Lemmy said. “Thatchers did a really good job of bringing decent cider to the masses but that product is not the same product it was back then — it’s no fault of theirs. Like any product when you’re making millions of gallons, the product quality is bound to go down,” he explained. “People prefer the other ciders we sell anyway!”