A Colorado woman had a terrifying start to Valentine’s Day after she woke up to a stranger sleeping on her couch. The man had apparently tried to get into other homes in the Denver neighborhood, according to camera footage. Christine Kingen said she got up and started her morning routine by going downstairs to make coffee. She said her dog kept barking over and over. Kingen thought it was the mailman or someone delivering flowers for the holiday and didn’t think anything of it. But the barking didn’t stop. Growing worried, she peeked around the corner and found a man she didn’t know on her couch. “I was just trying to wrap my head around what I was looking at. My first thought was, ‘Who is it that I know’ that was laying on my sofa,” she told Fox13. “Then I realized that I had no idea who this was.” Images and surveillance footage from her neighbor’s camera show a man attempting to get into the home and several others until he ended up on Kingen’s couch. The man had his hood up and had been sleeping. Instead of calling the police, Kingen said, she approached the man. “I just stood right here at the edge of the couch and said, ‘What are you doing in my house?'” she explained. That’s when the man sat up and said, “I have no idea, my apologies,” according to Kingen. Once he sat up, the woman noticed there was blood on her white pillows. “I could see that he had lacerations all across his forehead and he had grass in his hair, like he had fallen down and it surprised him,” she said, adding that the man had put his hand to his forehead as if he didn’t know what happened. Kingen said the man was disoriented and confused and refused to leave despite being asked multiple times. “He wasn’t going anywhere,” Kingen explained. “So, I walked to the front door, opened the front door and said, ‘You have to leave now.’ It was at that point he made his way to the door and left.” Kingen said she had forgotten to lock her door after taking her dog outside, which is how the strange man got inside her home. “He was in my house for four hours,” she said. “It was a good wake-up call for me.” After the incident, Kingen said, she’ll always remember to lock her door and is taking measures to install a security system in her home. Denver police said they are investigating the incident. This article originally appeared on the Sun and was reproduced here with permission.