Miss Alabama 2021 Zoe Sozo Bethel died Friday after sustaining serious head injuries in an undisclosed accident eight days earlier. The beauty queen’s parents confirmed her death in a Sunday post to her Instagram page. “On Friday, February 18, 2022, at approximately 5:30AM Eastern time in Miami, Florida, our beloved Zoe Sozo Bethel passed from this life into the next as a result of succumbing to her injuries,” they wrote. Bethel’s passing came four days after the family had confirmed that she’d been in an accident, writing: “Zoe had an accident Thursday night, February 10th, & sustained severe damage to her brain/brainstem & is in a coma.” “Unfortunately the doctors are saying the damage cannot be repaired & that she may not have much time left,” they added. To cover the Alabama native’s medical and other expenses, the family created a GoFundMe page, which has raised over $40,000 at the time of writing. The Post has reached out to her family members for comment. Her age is unknown at this time. Along with being named Miss Alabama 2021, the mother of one was a conservative commentator who was involved with organizations such as Project Veritas, Liberty University and Turning Point USA, the Heavy reported. Bethel was also a reporter for Right Side Broadcasting Network and a brand ambassador and executive producer of Miss Liberty USA. Bethel’s former colleagues and admirers have flocked to social media to mourn the model’s passing. “I’m shocked and saddened by the death of such a wonderful young lady,” wrote right-wing speaker Brandon Tatum on Instagram. “@zosobe was such a bright spot in every room she entered. She was beautiful inside and out.” The Truth Gazette offered their condolences on Twitter, writing: “If you were lucky enough to know her, you loved her. Even if you never met her but got the chance to follow her work over the years, you felt like you knew her. “She just had that big of a personality,” they added. “She was so incredibly bold in her beliefs and values.” Bethel’s former employer Turning Point USA even shared a video tribute to YouTube, which featured a montage of photos of the deceased model. “We are so honored to have known Zoe Sozo Bethel,” it wrote in the caption. “She has been a pillar in the Conservative movement, always moving with grace, elegance and wisdom. “She has inspired many, and her legacy will continue to touch the hearts and minds of people everywhere,” it added. In another beauty pageant tragedy last month, Miss USA 2019 Cheslie Kryst committed suicide by leaping to her death from a Manhattan building.