If you know anything about Birkenstocks, you know they Birkenrock. While that pun was definitely a bit cheesy, Birkenstocks are not. The sandal has gained an insane amount of popularity over the years among kids, adults and celebs alike. Kendall Jenner, Reese Witherspoon and Charlize Thero have all been spotted wearing the trendy sandal. So whether you love them or hate them, they’re here to stay. But the coveted Birkenstock sandals will set you back at least $100. Thankfully, Rue La La has decided to save the day with Birkenstocks starting at $70 until Feb. 21. Rue La La is an online retailer that houses top brands for her, him and more. Best of all, everything on their site is up to 70% off retail price. This meaning, you can score Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Ted Baker and, of course, Birkenstocks at discounted prices. All you have to do to unlock savings on the celeb-approved sandal is sign up to be a part of the Rue La La shopping community with a valid email address here. Trust us, there are no hidden fees or upfront payments, just great savings. Shop our favorite on-sale Birkenstocks from Rue La La below. This coveted sandal comes in mocha Birkobuc and features rose gold-tone hardware and buckle accents. You can also look forward to the classic Birkenstock suede-lined natural cork footbed. The Madrid Birko-Flor Sandal comes in black birko-flor and features matching black hardware. It’s the perfect sandal to dress up or down. Featuring a rubber sole with added traction, this white Arizona leather sandal includes arch support, a deep heel cup, a roomy toe box and suede lining. Leather has never looked so good. The Arizona Soft Footbed Oiled Nubuck Leather Sandal comes in black and features two straps. If you’re looking for an original take on the classic Birkenstock, then this is the pair for you. The Arizona Soft Footbed Birko-Flor Desert Sandal features green leather and a contoured cork footbed. The Arizona Soft Footbed Oiled Nubuck Sandal in Habana features two straps, adjustable metal pin buckles and a cork-latex footbed. This galaxy inspired sandal features gold glitter and hardware. Full wrap-around straps ensure it stays secured on your little one’s feet. The New York Birko-Flor Sandal comes in black, making it the perfect grab-and-go shoe for young ones. Classic and posh, the Gizeh Birko-Flor Sandal in mocha features rose gold hardware with a buckle accent. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.