Aaron Rodgers shared some “Monday night gratitude.” The question is, why? The Packers quarterback posted a lengthy message in which he reflected on his Packers teammates, as well as former fiancee Shailene Woodley. It comes as he and Woodley reportedly broke up and his future with Green Bay is in question. Rodgers thanked close teammates Randall Cobb and David Bakhtiari as well as Cobb’s wife and Bakhtiari’s girlfriend in the cryptic post. “I loved every moment we got to spend together this year,” Rodgers wrote. “Your love and support was overwhelming, and I cherish the friendships I have with each of you.To my teammates, past and current, you are the icing on the beautiful cake we call our job; football. the friendships that we have will transcend our collective time in this game and I am so thankful for the role that each of you have played in making my life that much better. I love you guys, and cherish the memories we’ve made.” Rodgers, 38, said shortly after the Packers’ playoff loss to the 49ers that “everything is on the table” in terms of his NFL future. Staying with the Packers, pushing his way onto a new team or retirement all seem like legitimate possibilities. Rodgers did note that he had no intention of dragging out the situation after his frustration with the Packers dominated headlines for the majority of last offseason. The two-time reigning MVP’s Instagram post included a photo with Woodley and featured him alongside teammates both on and off the field. The last photo was the only one in the collection that he was not featured in. It was Cobb and Packers star receiver Davante Adams standing on the sideline. According to ABC Green Bay reporter Adriana Torres, the empty place in between them is usually occupied by Rodgers during the national anthem. While his football future seems in question, reports circulated that he and Woodley split up after a whirlwind relationship over the last year. “Thanks for letting me chase after you the first couple months after we met, and finally letting me catch up to you and be a part of your life,” Rodgers wrote after tagging the actress. “Thanks for always having my back, for the incredible kindness you show me and everyone you meet, and for showing me what unconditional love looks like, I love you and am grateful for you. “To the men I got to share the QB room with everyday, Matt [LaFleur], Nathaniel [Hackett], Luke [Getsy], @jordan3love [Jordan Love] and @kurtbenkert [Kurt Benkert], you guys made every day so much fun and I’m so thankful for the daily laughs and stress relief you brought me every week of the year. I love you guys.”