When it comes to combatting soaring crime, especially in the city’s subways, Mayor Eric Adams needs to start chugging along a lot faster — stat. On Monday, Adams rolled out his comprehensive subway safety plan to a slow start, especially after a violent holiday weekend that included a string of stabbings and an assault with a metal pole. Yet the bad news has kept coming, including a Thursday night hammer attack in the Queens Plaza station that left a woman in critical condition, a second metal-pole attack — this time because the victim dared to tell his attacker not to shoot up on a J train — and a disturbing MTA report that hundreds of homeless people are living in stations and tunnels. Adams describes his plan’s no-nonsense goal as two-pronged: crack down on subway rule-breakers and get vagrants into shelters. “No more smoking. No more doing drugs. No more sleeping. No more doing barbecues on the subway system. No more just doing whatever you want,” said the mayor. “No. Those days are over. Swipe your MetroCard. Ride the system. Get off at your destination. That’s what this administration is saying.” The plan involves mobilizing 30 specialized teams of cops, homeless-outreach workers and behavioral clinicians into high-priority stations. But on Monday, The Post visited four of the six subway stations City Hall ID’d as “highest need” and only spotted any workers at two locations, and they were operating solo. “They were supposed to have police [with us today], but no,” said one of the outreach workers. “We are super-understaffed so it would be great if they hire more people.” The extra patrols are to run between 2 p.m. and 10 p.m. They’re needed. Adams’ plan is still not enough, especially given the grim findings about homeless dwelling in the system. And let’s recap a few more weekend incidents, to give the full ugly context. Last Sunday, per police, a man who appeared to be homeless beat a woman, 30, with a pole on a southbound 4 train near East 167th Street after telling her to stop talking to her friend. The afternoon before, a 20-year-old woman suffered a punching and stabbing by the tracks at Brooklyn’s Livonia Avenue/Van Siclen station. That night saw two other slashings, one at the 168th Street station in Washington Heights and one at the 116th Street Columbia University station in Morningside Heights. A 22-year-old man got punched in the face and robbed as he entered the Times Square station early Monday, while a 31-year-old man was stabbed on a downtown 6 train as it approached the Canal Street station in Lower Manhattan just after 6 p.m. Sunday. If you try to avoid the subways and travel by car, you’re also taking your life in your hands: a Staten Island couple got mugged in their driveway last week, and a Queens man was stabbed during a carjack. Get it together faster, Mr. Mayor.