Councilwoman Marjorie Velazquez is kicking her Bronx Albanian constituents in the Balkans, community leaders charge. In a head-scratching move, Velazquez, who was just elected last year, has blocked a request from Albanian-American civic leaders to rename a street in the Morris Park section of the Bronx this weekend after an icon, Fan Noli. Fan Noli was an Albanian prime minister and founder of the Albanian Orthodox Church who lived for many years in the U.S.. He was also a co-founder of the Albanian-American advocacy group “Vatra.” Vatra is holding its national biennial convention in the Morris Park area of The Bronx this weekend — the center of the city’s Albanian diaspora. The plan was to unveil the street co-naming of “Fan Noli Way” on Saturday at the corner of Morris Park Avenue and Tenbroeck Avenue, behind Jacobi hospital. Albanian activists now intend to turn the event into a protest rally. The Council passed a law last December — with the backing of former Councilman Mark Gjonaj, who is Albanian — that approved the Fan Noli Way street renaming. But Velazquez, the local council person, must officially submit a request to the city Department of Transportation to erect the new street sign. She has not done so, a DOT spokesman confirmed. “This is discrimination. The councilwoman is undermining the Albanian-American community here. I don’t know what’s going on in Marjorie Velazquez’s mind,” said Ornela Beshiri, an Albanian-born Bronx resident who serves on Bronx Community Board 11. “She is not representing the Albanian-American community in the right way.” Sources said Velazquez alternatively claimed in discussions that a request for the street renaming came in too late to move on right away or that she couldn’t because of an investigation. Velazquez claimed Thursday she wasn’t stiffing her Albanian constituents. “I reject the notion that I’m not facilitating anything. We’ve been in conversation with a number of stakeholders,” Velazquez said in a statement. “Council street co-namings usually take place in warmer months so we can host outdoor events that celebrate the culture of the sponsoring organization. This co-naming was initiated by our predecessor and we are ensuring a smooth transition. We look forward to hosting an event that pays tribute to the many contributions the Albanian community has given to our City,” she said. Gjonaj, the former councilman, said, “Fan Noli is a hero. To have this moment of cultural pride taken away and caught up in petty politics is a slap in the face. It sends a chilling message to Albanian-Americans, who contribute so much to our city, that they don’t count.” State Assemblyman Michael Benedetto (D-Bronx), who represents the Morris Park area, said it’s unfortunate that the street renaming is not taking place. “It would be a great thing for the Albanian-American community. I don’t know why there’s a hold-up,” Benedetto said.