“I dreamed I saw the Guv last night,” to paraphrase an iconic labor-organizing anthem. “He was alive as you and me.“Says I, ‘But Guv, you’re some months dead.’ “ ‘I never died’ says he,“ ‘I never died’ says he.” And in his own mind, Andrew Cuomo never will. For here he comes again, to a living-room flat-screen near you, and as overbearing as ever. In an ad kicking off a depressingly predictable comeback effort, the former governor infers this question: Is there life for a perv politician in New York following a spectacular tumble from the heights? Cuomo is not the first to ask it. Take serial Internet skeeve, ex-con and registered sex offender Anthony Weiner. Chased from Congress for wagging his, um, appendage in cyber-public, he then ran for New York City mayor — and he might have made it had he not been caught indulging his passion once more. And now Weiner’s got a new radio gig, alongside gadfly Curtis Sliwa — and here’s sincerely hoping he never makes it to television. Then there’s Eliot Spitzer, the former governor who bailed after discovering that interstate transport of women for commercial purposes is against the law. Then, hoping New Yorkers loved him anyway, he ran for city comptroller — learning most emphatically that they did not. Even former Attorney General Eric Schneiderman — whose quick fists with girlfriends forced his resignation in 2018 — seems to be courting a revival. He claims he’s been on a voyage of self-discovery, whatever that might mean. Oh, and he’s co-founded a feminist book club, a sure sign of renewed ambitions. And now there is irrepressible Andrew, who’s been plotting a comeback since the day he resigned — hence the new ad. Cuomo’s claim boils down to this: He wasn’t convicted, which means he was exonerated, and so instead of accepting the word of 11 accusers and Attorney General Letitia James, you should believe the former governor’s lying lips. Or, as he told Bloomberg News during the run-up to the ad: “I never resigned because I said I did something wrong. I said, I’m resigning because I don’t want to be a distraction.” Right. Eleven women relating under oath their various experiences with a handsy, ego-driven, aging politician with amore on his mind is a distraction? You might call it that. Or you might call it ego. Or arrogance. Or entitlement. But what you have is the ineffable, butter-wouldn’t-melt-in-his-mouth Cuomo-ness of the fellow. There’s more. A common thread runs through these appalling tales. Without exception, they reveal belligerent, self-indulgent bullies with no personal boundaries and even less respect for the institutions they’d sworn to protect. Why they thought, or think, they should have a second chance is for the shrinks to ponder, but the fact that they even ask betrays a bewildering — if not disqualifying — contempt for the electorate. Still, once fooled, twice shy holds for voters, too. Weiner and Spitzer fell short and a Schneiderman return seems unlikely, so what’s to make of Cuomo? What’s his rationale for revival? The sex harassment is bad enough. But what of those thousands of nursing-home COVID fatalities — followed by clumsy coverups, innumerable lies and nasty media pushback? What about the stunning ethical violations he and his vengeful wrecking-ball of a brother Chris visited on CNN, perhaps bringing the faltering network to its knees? At what point does enough become enough? When does the cumulative weight of ruthless ambition and cynical manipulation of high office become too much? Hard to say, but wherever that line is, Cuomo the Younger crossed it a long time ago. New York has a lot on its plate right now. Its COVID recovery is sporadic at best; it is wracked by crime while its criminal-justice system is commanded by hard-left ideologues. Its governance is in the hands of a rookie mayor in New York City and an untested accidental governor in Albany. So the last thing the Empire State needs right now is a distraction on the order of what the former governor seems to be plotting. Not that what’s best for others has ever truly concerned Andrew Cuomo, but right now he can best serve New York by going away. bob@bobmcmanus.nyc