The ’80s. Times we actually had restaurants including Bobby Ochs’ high-class eatery Mulholland Drive Cafe. Co-owner was Patrick Swayze. His hangout has gone. His memory hasn’t. Comes now autobio “Bobby Ochs: Kid From The Bronx and Restaurant Partner to the Stars — From Kasha Varnishkes to Caviar to Humble Pies.” The title’s longer than the menu. His additional eatery was to be called Pinky but partner Britney Spears said: “Justin Timberlake gave that name to me. I don’t want this called that. Reminds me of Justin when he was my boyfriend.” Steady customers like Jackie Mason, Gay Talese. Milk was $1.59, apples 39 cents a pound, bacon $1.69, a stomach full of macaroni 50 cents, bread 55 cents, if you hungered for broccoli — which absolutely no human on Earth does — 39 cents. Bobby’s parents, Polish immigrants. First generation American, Bronx born, Bobby enlisted at 17. His orphaned father became the dental mechanic who made Leon Trotsky’s false teeth. Bobby dreamed of auctioning those at Christie’s, but Trotsky died with Daddy’s molars still in his mouth. The kid’s school ended in a basketball scandal, which it’s rude to talk about. Mid-’80s he and Ashford & Simpson co-owned a nightclub. Then came Peaches with co-owner Marla Maples. Next, the downside. Enter the tax man. Mulholland Drive went kaput. He had to unload his condo. John Travolta has said he’d like to play Bobby in the story of his life. ALSO gone but marching on is Lucille Ball. Her story is in “Being the Ricardos.” So’s Nicole Kidman who plays her. So’s Javier Bardem who plays husband Desi Arnaz. So’s J.K. Simmons who plays something else in it. Amy Poehler (at left) who directed the coming “Lucy and Desi” documentary: “That show and television were fused. Like it came with every TV set. When I grew older, doing comedy myself, I really understood what they were doing, and could see layers to their genius. They were very brave. “Days after Desi died December 1986, Lucille Ball at Kennedy Center Honors said he’d written a letter to be read. Final line: ‘ “I Love Lucy” was never just a title.’ That affection is the real story. “The universal way into many sagas is a love story. I wanted to touch important themes — the different ways they approached work, what kind of work comedy is, what they did as pioneers for television. We succeed on how much we care about their love story.” March 4 is the Amazon doc with Lucie Arnaz Luckinbill, Norman Lear, Desi Arnaz Jr., Carol Burnett, Bette Midler. HANDSOME tall Barron Trump, whom I’ve watched playing ball and is apparently A-1 at athletics, attends West Palm Beach’s triple-A private prep Oxbridge Academy. Money behind the elite co-ed school — where a semester could cost $10,000 — is the Koch family. A-1 student, often lunching just with his Secret Service person, schoolmates say he’s popular and very well-liked. “KENAN.” NBC’s sitcom just had Season 2. It does its thing Monday nights. Besides Kenan — with one “e” who’s also on “SNL” — it has Don Johnson — from 1996’s old “Nash Bridges” with Cheech Marin and their old yellow crappy Plymouth. He has told me how he’s loving it. Don Johnson: “We have lots of laughs. It brings me back to doing funny. They even gave me a room here. Actually, it’s a converted garage. This is where I did my first show when I was 21. Feels like coming home.” DEFINITION of “frustration” and “panic.” Frustration is the first time you discover you can’t do it the second time. Panic is the second time you discover you can’t do it the first time. Hardly ever discovered only in New York, kids, only in New York.