Since 2016, Hillary Clinton has been trolling Donald Trump on social media over his alleged ties to Russia, calling him “Putin’s Puppet.” But Special Counsel John Durham’s probe has uncovered the truth about who was Putin’s Puppet. It was Clinton herself. She and the Obama-Biden administration spy agency chiefs and their corrupt minions were unknowingly, or perhaps even knowingly, Putin’s little helpers in tearing our country apart. It turns out that Clinton and her top foreign policy advisor, Jake Sullivan, spread a bogus Trump-Russia “collusion” narrative. To enable this Soviet-style disinformation campaign, Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign hired a tech firm to “infiltrate” servers at Trump Tower in Manhattan and at the White House in order to link Donald Trump to Russia. Immediately following the 2016 election, the Russia-Trump collusion conspiracy became the intelligence community’s “bright and shiny object.” Serious intelligence briefings about the Russian threat and what Putin was up to were interrupted by national security officials asking irrelevant questions like, “What do the Russians have on Trump?” This was a major distraction that diverted intelligence resources and Washington’s attention from real threats, like China, Iran, and Putin’s hostile actions in Europe and Ukraine. Various “Deep State” operatives, Democratic consultants, Washington Establishment cognoscenti and the media aided Clinton in digging up and then spreading this dirt on Trump. The bogus Steele Dossier was fed by a Russian “researcher,” a former employee of the Brookings Institution think tank, whom the FBI had suspected of having ties to Russian intelligence. Since the 1980s, the Russians have attempted to infiltrate the liberal-leaning Brookings with intelligence operatives posing as “scholars” in order to cultivate other “well placed individuals,” according to declassified CIA records. That is, recruit them as witting or unwitting spies. Obama’s rogue spy chief, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, orchestrated an intelligence report that gave legitimacy to the Russia-Trump link conspiracy theory. In an unprecedented manner, this Intelligence Community Assessment (ICA) of Jan. 6, 2017, titled “Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections,” was declassified on Obama’s orders. The ICA falsely claimed “with high confidence” that “Putin and the Russian government” sought to “denigrate Secretary Clinton and harm her electability and potential presidency” and “help president-elect Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him.” As a former DIA intelligence officer who served from 2008 through 2016, I was one of the three top analysts on Russian Doctrine and Strategy in the Intelligence community and participated in producing many other ICAs and intelligence reports. I debunked the ICA’s false assessment about Russia, Clinton and Trump in my book, “Putin’s Playbook: Russia’s Secret Plan to Defeat America.” DIA and CIA tried to sabotage its publication and censored 31 pages, claiming they contained classified information. In reality, my censors were concealing how badly the bureaucracy bungled the Russia threat during the Obama-Biden presidency, which foolishly pursued a friendly “reset” with Putin. They “blacked out” other revelations, about which I am not allowed to speak. Putin’s goal in 2016 was, and remains today, to weaken America. He wants Washington out of his way as he aims to reintegrate former Soviet states like Ukraine into a USSR-like alliance. The Hillary-Obama-Biden crew and their spy chiefs aided Putin in his goal as they pursued their own objective of casting Trump’s presidency as illegitimate. They ran a Soviet-style Playbook, weaponizing intelligence resources and processes to spy on innocent Americans, such as Trump’s former National Security Advisor, General Michael Flynn. It took five years for the truth to come out. The American people’s faith and trust were betrayed by Hillary Clinton and the Obama-Biden spy chiefs. Instead of identifying and neutralizing threats to American security, these Soviet-style American apparatchiks became “useful idiot” soldiers in Putin’s war on America. Rebekah Koffler is a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer and currently a strategic intelligence analyst with The Lindsey Group. She is the author of  “Putin’s Playbook: Russia’s Secret Plan to Defeat America.”