 The mystery owner of a Mount Vernon mansion built on land once owned by one of America’s Founding Fathers, George Washington, is Dan Snyder — the billionaire owner of the NFL’s Washington Commanders. Snyder, who has owned the team (formerly known as the Redskins) since 1999, plunked down $48 million in cash for the property back in October, records reveal. He also paid an additional $2 million for all the furniture that came with the renovated house. This would mark the most expensive home ever sold in the D.C. area, according to the Washington Business Journal. Named River View, the sprawling estate sits along the Potomac River and boasts seven bedrooms spanning more than 16,000 square feet, with an additional three-bedroom, 2,600-square-feet guest house. Located on Boulevard Drive, it was initially on the market in 2020 for $60 million. Although listed under the LLC “River View 797,” campaign finance records show Snyder had marked down the sprawling mansion as his address when he donated $25,000 to Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin’s campaign early last month. Amenities include a game room with a full bar, a movie theater, a home gym with radius windows overlooking the Potomac, an adjacent spa area with a sauna and steam room  — and an indoor resistance pool, according to the listing. Terraces with water views are accessed by nearly every room in the American Federal-style residence designed by architect Jim Rill, the previous listing stated. Features also include 400 feet of water frontage and a reception room that opens out to the expansive gardens. Situated on more than 16 acres of land, the home was last purchased by the former CEO of Lockheed Martin, Robert Stevens, and his wife, Michelle Stevens, in 2014 for $18.6 million, records show. The home was part of the original 1,800 acres America’s first president purchased in 1760, according to the American Horticultural Society, which still owns a portion of the original property, now a historic landmark that serves as a museum. The home remained in Washington’s family until 1859 and has only changed hands a total of four times since then. Heaone. ofther Corey of TTR Sotheby’s International Realty held the listing.