Hillary Clinton tried pressuring US Rep. Tom Suozzi out of challenging Gov. Kathy Hochul, the Long Island Democrat revealed Thursday. During remarks at the state Democratic Committee’s Nominating Convention in Manhattan, Suozzi said Clinton — who will be the state party’s keynote speaker Thursday — was among several key party members who attempted to convince him to stay in Congress. “I spoke with our keynote speaker, Hillary Clinton, a few months ago. She tried to persuade me not to run,” Suozzi said at a breakfast meeting in the Sheraton New York Times Square hotel. Afterward, Suozzi told reporters that Clinton said to him, “We’ve got to unify as a party. You’re doing a great job in Congress.” Clinton is addressing the convention Thursday afternoon amid speculation she could mount another bid for the White House in 2024 and new allegations from special counsel John Durham that her 2016 campaign paid for computer research in a bid to link her rival, then-candidate Donald Trump, to Russia. On Wednesday, Clinton broke her silence over the latest controversy, calling it “nonsense” and accusing Trump and Fox News of “desperately spinning up a fake scandal to distract from his real ones.” And on Thursday, attorneys for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign lawyer filed a motion Thursday to dismiss Durham’s case against him, calling the matter “extraordinary prosecutorial overreach.” Suozzi said the other Democrats who’ve leaned on him include state party Chairman Jay Jacobs and US Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) of Brooklyn, chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. “Jay has sent me a lot of emails trying to persuade me not to run for this seat,” Suozzi said. But Suozzi said he resisted the squeeze play. “I said: I really feel this is very important,” he said. Following his comments to reporters, Suozzi engaged in a heated conversation with former New York City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, who raised her voice while saying she didn’t understand why he’s challenging Hochul. Quinn then cut short the talk, saying she had “to go,” and walked into the main convention room. Quinn later told The Post that Suozzi had earlier approached her “very aggressively” and “rather obnoxiously” to complain about remarks she made on NY1, where she said he doesn’t stand a chance of beating Hochul in the June 28 Democratic primary. “I think there’s no way for a conservative man to be running against the first woman governor of New York state,” she said. “It makes no sense — and [it’s] giving up a [congressional] seat which we could lose to Republicans.” Suozzi didn’t immediately return a request for comment.