Aaron Rodgers’ impending decision about his plans for the 2022 season is causing a media frenzy. On Friday, the two-time reigning MVP denied a report he wants $50 million per year on a new contract. Rodgers called the report “categorically false,” according to Pat McAfee, who said on his Friday show he texted the quarterback to address the claim. “He wants to be the highest paid player in the NFL by a wide margin, so we’re talking about $50 million a year,” ESPN’s Dianna Russini said Thursday on “The Rich Eisen Show.” Russini also doubled down on her reporting that Rodgers will inform the Packers of his future plans “soon.” Those plans could include retirement after 17 seasons with Green Bay, finishing the last year of his contract with the Packers, or taking his talents to another team. On Friday’s “First Things First,” former Packers receiver Greg Jennings slammed his former quarterback over the report. “Aaron Rodgers has been a very selfish guy,” Jennings said. “I go back to personal experiences. His words to me were, ‘don’t be that guy.’ All of a sudden, it’s about the money.” The Packers are reportedly willing to spend a hefty price to retain the four-time NFL MVP. On Thursday, ESPN’s Field Yates reported that the Packers created $3.08 million in cap space by turning a portion of Aaron Jones’ 2022 salary into a signing bonus and adding two voidable years to his deal. Russini also reported that multiple teams are waiting on Rodgers to make a decision and there are a number of offers on the table. However, Green Bay would have to agree to a trade to move forward with any deal. Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst told reporters on Wednesday he never promised to trade Rodgers after the 2021 season. He also declined to share whether he’d honor a trade request. Rodgers previously said on “The Pat McAfee Show” that he will decide by the end of February or early March about his plans for the 2022 season. Teams can begin making trades on March 16, when the new league year begins. The quarterback has also said he doesn’t want to be part of a rebuilding team. Rodgers threw for 4,115 yards and 37 touchdowns against only four interceptions in 16 starts this past season.