Shopping for cocktail dresses may be one of our favorite pastimes. Paired with a fire lipstick, a solid clutch and beautiful accessories, finding a new dress is a good serotonin boost. But, that perfect dress may be difficult to find. Sure, there are plenty of department stores and Instagram-discovered boutiques you can venture off to, but sometimes, you can never beat that tried-and-true dress in your closet. Think again. Amid doing some shopping of our own for upcoming weddings, baptisms, graduation parties and vacations (hey Puerto Rico, I’m coming for you), we cherry-picked some of the best brands and designers to pull cocktail dresses from. Below, find all the top brands and hidden gems to browse the best cocktail dress for your preference and budget. From mini to midi (and everything in between), we covered all the bases so all you have to do is rock it the day of your occasion and take some bomb photos. Click here to jump to our favorite brands and designers for cocktail dresses: Lulus has some of the most versatile styles for any occasion. Notably, the She’s Extra Pearl Strap Bodycon Mini Dress ($64) has a flattering fit that makes a beautiful wedding guest dress, dainty pearl straps that will turn heads and is all-around elegant. Plus, we adore this black velvet floral dress ($35) for Valentine’s Day and a dressed-up winter occasion. Shop some of our other favorites: Petal & Pup has the dreamiest Instagram-featured styles that’ll sway you to add all of them to your cart. Specifically, the brand has the best petite cocktail dresses, though its size range caters to all body types. For dresses that are modest for family occasions yet subtly sexy, the Cyprus Dress ($69.95) and the Doriah Dress ($69.95) have a beautiful feel and equally gorgeous fit. Shop some of our other favorites: As soon as you hit the Revolve website, you know you’re in for a designer showcase of dress options. From Michael Costello to Superdown, you know whichever dress you choose is going to be the next unique cocktail dress in your wardrobe. We’re obsessed with Michael Costello’s Jake Gown ($198) that has an as-seen-on-Miss America vibe and will elevate your look for your next wedding or special event. Though most of Revolve’s pieces are pricier than other retailers, it’s a splurge that’ll stay in your closet for years to come (and more future RSVPs, too). What’s more, if you’re seeking a new dress to ease into spring and summer, Majorelle’s bestselling Berkshire Dress ($218) and Baker Mini Dress ($178) are personal favorites that flaunt your curves, fit well and are super flattering. Shop some of our other favorites: Ah, Nordstrom. The reliable department store we always come back to, especially for occasion dresses. Though Nordstrom offers designer options, they aren’t as expensive as other retailers and are noticeably more timeless for all types of wear. Not to mention, Nordstrom offers designers like Mac Duggal, Adrianna Papell, Eliza J and more. For a go-to option, we love Dress the Population’s Nicole Sweetheart Neck Cocktail Dress ($148) that comes in 10 photo-ready colors and has a classy bodice. Shop some of our other favorites: Enter the Gen Z-populated online shop for all things dresses. Whether it’s for your college formal, backyard wedding or date night, Hello Molly offers an endless supply of options that are so cute, you’ll want to dedicate an entire day to browsing its styles. For a gorgeous sky blue color with the most adorable sleeves we’ve ever seen, the Luxury Love Dress ($67) is add-to-cart-worthy. And, for even more styles, we created an edit for some of the best Hello Molly dresses we can’t stop swooning over. Shop some of our other favorites: Oh, if you’re on the hunt for the best cocktail dress, you should not sleep on Nookie. Its styles are too luxe to handle and will absolutely garner compliments at your next function. The Navy Melody Mini ($259) is one of our favorites, with gorgeous, shapely ruching and elegant sleeves. Plus, it comes in black, green and white — available for pre-order to ship between December 15 to 30. Shop some of our other favorites: OK, we’re not going to lie — Sherri Hill cocktail dresses are a splurge. But, if you have a fancier occasion (perhaps a sibling’s wedding or a banquet party), Sherri Hill has the most stunning styles that you’ll be glad you picked up. Its Lace Pattern Fitted Cocktail Dress ($480) is jaw-dropping, as it comes in a well-detailed mint and nude bodycon. Among other styles, Sherri Hill isn’t just for the prom (although two of my S.H. prom dresses fit like a glove). Shop some of our other favorites: No, Windsor doesn’t just have dresses for the prom. The storefront has incredible cocktail dresses with ruched designs, classic bodycons and even floor-length gowns that look like they cost the big bucks, but they’re relatively affordable. Shop some of our favorites: What’s great all year round? Rompers, of course! Aside from its full suite of unique dresses, SHEIN is stellar for its universal printed rompers with a long lantern sleeve. Specifically, we adore this floral printed one ($11.49) and this blue and brown belted romper ($20) for its flattering fit, affordability and show-stopping feel. Shop some of our favorites: Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.