Who knew they were friends? “Fake heiress” Anna Sorokin has revealed she’s pals with Kanye West’s ex Julia Fox — and teased that they’re even working on a top-secret project together. The Russian-born fraudster made the surprise announcement during an interview with the New York Times on Monday as she remains behind bars awaiting deportation to Europe after serving two years in prison for fraud. Sorokin, 31, told the publication that she connected with Fox, 32, on Instagram after she served time for crimes she committed while posing as a wealthy heiress named Anna Delvey. Under that fake name, Sorokin scammed her way into New York’s high society, bilking banks and wealthy acquaintances along the way. She was released from prison in February 2021, before being taken into custody the following month for overstaying her visa. “We have some mutual friends — she is a girl about town,” Sorokin told the Times of Fox. “We actually connected on Instagram when I was out, and we DM’ed a bit, and then she jumped on my [social media app] Clubhouse, which was really random. “I was answering people’s questions about my experience, and she made the forum so much better,” Sorokin continued. “She asked all the right questions. We have a similar sense of humor. She was never judgmental, and we’ve stayed in touch ever since.” Sorokin further gushed about her gal pal, noting that Fox is more than just her relationship status. “She has lots of interesting creative projects going on, and I feel like the media is not doing her justice talking about her dating life,” she said. “We are actually working on a little something together,” she said, adding that details may be revealed “really soon.” The feelings are apparently mutual, with Fox recently praising Sorokin on her Instagram account, calling her “my dear sis” and saying she was “killing it from behind bars.” Both Sorokin and Fox have become unlikely It girls in recent months. Sorokin is now the subject of a new, Shonda Rhimes-produced Netflix series titled “Inventing Anna,” which stars Julia Garner and details how she swindled Manhattan’s elite. On Tuesday, Deadline revealed that she is also working with “Surviving R. Kelly” producers on a limited docuseries that will follow her as she awaits deportation. Meanwhile, Fox has become a household name after embarking on a high-profile romance with Kanye West. However, the whirlwind relationship was confirmed to be over on Monday, with Fox’s reps telling Page Six: “Julia and Kanye remain good friends and collaborators,” her rep said in a statement, “but they are no longer together.” Fox — an actress who starred in “Uncut Gems” — took to Instagram, writing in a since-deleted Story: “Why not see me for what I am which is a #1 hustler. I came up yall lol and not only that but Kanye and I are on good terms! I have love for him but I wasn’t in love w the man Jesus Christ what do u guys think I am 12 years old?!”