Amugger bludgeoned a 57-year-old city worker with a hammer inside a Queens subway station Thursday night – a horrifying assault caught on video and one of at least three random transit attacks within a few hours. The Queens victim was on her way home from work as a researcher with the Health Department around 11:20 p.m. when the male suspect crept up behind her and kicked her, apparently trying to make her fall, as she was walking down the stairs into the Queens Plaza E, M and R station, according to cops and the footage. The woman appeared to stumble but continued to make her way down the stairs, the video shows. The attacker then pulled out a hammer and struck the woman several times on the head. He also tried to grab her bag before dealing a final set of brutal blows, according to the footage. He finally snatched her pocketbook – which contained two cell phones, debit cards, credit cards and an unknown amount of money – and ran back up the stairs, the clip shows. He fled south on Queens Plaza South, cops said. The victim was taken to Weill Cornell Medical Center in critical but stable condition with a fractured skull and bleeding to her brain, according to cops and sources. An MTA worker at the station said Friday morning that he was shocked about what happened. “Look around, they’ve done a lot with this area, so it’s usually pretty safe,” he said. Pam Rowland, 54, of Harlem, who works in the area and rides the train at the Queens Plaza station every day, called the violence “very, very scary. “You’re looking at everybody suspiciously,” Rowland said. “You know, born and bred in New York City and ride the train all my life, 54 years. And it’s just like we’re going backwards to the ’70s and ’80s.” In a separate subway attack several hours earlier, a 35-year-old man was leaving the Franklin Avenue Nos. 2, 3, and 4 station in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, around 7 p.m. when a man slashed him with an unknown object on the stairs, cops said. That incident also appeared unprovoked, cops said. The assailant fled, and the victim was taken to Brooklyn Methodist Hospital in stable condition, cops said. Meanwhile, around the same time on the Upper West Side in Manhattan, an attacker slugged a 33-year-old female conductor in the face unprovoked as she stuck her head out the window of an arriving No. 1 train at the 86th Street station, police said. The male attacker fled, and the conductor was treated and released at Mount Sinai Morningside, cops said.