There are plenty of stats in hockey. Some are just noise, but others can be quite predictive and can help you get a better idea of how good or bad a team truly is. Corsi: The hockey vernacular term for a shot attempt at five-on-five. If you shoot the puck toward the goal, it’s a Corsi For. If the other team does it, that’s a Corsi Against. What Corsi does is give us a picture of possession in a game. Hockey is so fluid, and there are so many “events” in a game that it’s hard to keep track. CF% or “Corsi For Percentage” is just the difference between Corsi events for and against represented as a percentage. If your team has a CF% above 50 percent, then it has been controlling the action more often than not. One problem with Corsi is that it doesn’t give you a good idea of how many good scoring chances a team is creating or allowing. A soft wrist shot from the point has very little chance of going in but will go down as a Corsi For. Recently, teams, analysts and bettors have started to shift toward Expected Goals, High-Danger Scoring Chances and scoring chances. Fenwick: The same thing as Corsi except it doesn’t count blocked shots. Usually a team’s CF% and FF% are pretty close. Adjusting for Score: When you’re looking at Corsi, expected goals or any advanced stat, it is really important to adjust for score. A team that is trailing 3-0 will naturally push the pace while a team up multiple goals will shell up. Adjusting for score gives us a better idea of the true talent level of a team. Expected Goals (xG): If you’re a soccer bettor, there’s a good chance you use xG already. Corsica, perhaps the best source for Hockey Analytics and predictive stats, defines xG as the sum of goal fractions expected from observed unblocked shots. Not all shot attempts are created equal. A rebound opportunity from in front of the net has a much higher chance of going in the net than a wrist shot from the blue line. The best way to use xG is at five-on-five, but if you’re looking to break down how good a team’s power play or penalty kill is, you can use xG there as well. High-Danger Scoring Chances: HDSC is a stat tracked by Natural Stat Trick. It’s pretty self-explanatory. A scoring chance that meets certain criteria goes down as a HDSC. Goaltending is incredibly volatile and hard to project. Most hockey bettors and modelers will agree that it is the hardest part of handicapping hockey. The best way to get an idea of how good a goaltender is is to use a few different statistics and piece them together for a big-picture view. 5v5 Save Percentage (SV%): Save percentage is a good place to start when grading goaltenders. However, it is better to use a goalie’s 5v5 SV% because there are fewer variables in play at even strength. Expected (xSV%) and Delta Save Percentage (dSV%): Expected Save Percentage provides us with what a goaltender’s Save Percentage should be after weighing the quality of shots he’s faced. Delta Save Percentage is the difference between a goalie’s xSV% and SV%. For example, if John Gibson has a .920 xSV% and a .925 SV%, his dSV% would be +0.05. Goals Saved Above Average (GSAA): A relatively new statistic developed by Corsica, GSAA is pretty similar to WAR. In basic terms, it tells you how many goals a particular goalie has saved/allowed compared to what a league average netminder has done. Stats to avoid: You’ll notice that I’ve left Wins and Goals Against Average (GAA) off this list. Both of those stats don’t really give us any idea of how good a goaltender is. They are more of an indication of the team in front of him.