In the sea of online home listings, this house is a needle in a haystack — in more ways than one. A round, three-bedroom house made out of hay and located in the middle of the Northern California forest has hit the market for $375,000. While oddly shaped and uniquely built out of hay bales, the home does in fact offer abundant indoor living space (1,800 square feet) and is brimming with custom details. Furnishing it, however, is sure to be something of a challenge, and the property is in need of a few repairs. “There’s some cracking that needs to be fixed in the bathroom,” and the bathtub requires added support said Madrone Realty listing agent Somer Wallan, Realtor.com reported. New owners may also want to renovate so a lofted storage space above the yurt-like main room is more accessible. “The stairs getting up there are smooth and are sort of more artistic than functional,” Wallan said, adding that once up the aesthetically special if rather impractical stairs, the view is fantastic. Other unique home features are both quirky and practical. The home’s builder and former owner, an artist who recently passed away, constructed the house from hay and stucco in 1997 and filled the property with personal touches. Every doorway and window features custom woodwork, and the countertops are mosaics made of colorful glass shards. The kitchen also has custom built-in alcoves. “It has a ton of character and is really beautiful. We see tons of your typical three-bedroom homes, but this has some personality to it,” said Wallan. “The doors and windows are really cool, with glass cut, like bottle bottoms, to make the window panes.” As well, there’s a “living roof” which the buyer can replant with “whatever you want to grow up there.” The hay house is located on an oak tree-filled two-acre property which also includes a one-room cabin with electricity but no bathroom. The main house also has electricity and additionally is self-cooling and heating. “It holds heat and cold well,” said Wallan, noting that the home is naturally temperate in both summer and winter. As for the ideal buyers, Wallan said, “I see a young energetic couple that wants to put some sweat equity into this and make it this gorgeous home that it was meant to be…carrying on that legacy.”