At the All-Star break, The Post’s hoops writers and columnists answer 10 key questions for the rest of the way. Berman: The reigning NBA champion Giannis Antetokounmpo sometimes gets taken for granted. He recently scored 26 or more points in 20 straight games for the third-place Bucks. He’s an unstoppable force (29 ppg, 11.2 rebounds, 6.0 assists), and his otherworldly presence makes Khris Middleton and Jrue Holiday each a lot more dangerous than they would be if the three were on different teams. Lewis: Joel Embiid. Finally healthy and playing the way we knew he could. James Harden might take away some shots, but if the pairing works, it’ll make Embiid’s job easier and the 76ers more dangerous. O’Connor: Joel Embiid. He has been playing at a high level despite the Ben Simmons chaos that engulfed the organization for so long. He shouldn’t lose it to Nikola Jokic this time around. Vaccaro: Joel Embiid, who has kept the 76ers above water in the East after being abandoned by his wingman, Ben Simmons. Berman: The Hawks, the surprise 2021 Eastern Conference finalists, have underachieved. Hotlanta is too deep when healthy not to move up to a seventh seed. Lewis: For coming on strong, the easy answers are the Grizzlies or even the Celtics. But for reality TV-level melodrama, it’s the 76ers all the way. O’Connor: The Raptors. They have a great coach, and a great development program, and on the court they look like the polar opposites of the Knicks — always a good thing. Vaccaro: The Celtics, who looked for a while as if they were as big a mess as the Knicks, but no longer seem that way. Berman: Memphis is super talented, but the Grizzlies aren’t ready to sustain that pace with all those inexperienced, young charges. Lewis: The Knicks are sliding fast, and the fatigue of those league-high minutes hasn’t even hit Julius Randle yet. O’Connor: The Cavaliers. They’re the fourth-seed in the East right now, and I see them more as a 6 or a high play-in seed when it’s all said and done. Vaccaro: The Bulls, who have to prove their terrific first half is sustainable. Berman: Knicks’ swingman RJ Barrett is a prime candidate to make the next step if he improves his passing. He just needs the Knicks to post a respectable record. Lewis: Take your Grizzlies pick between Jaren Jackson Jr. and Desmond Bane, who went from 9.2 ppg as a rookie to 17.6 this year. One of them will be an All-Star in 2023. O’Connor: Anthony Davis. Close call with Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, but assuming he’s healthy, Davis will be on a mission to lead the Lakers back into contention next year and to reclaim his rightful All-Star place. Vaccaro: RJ Barrett. He keeps improving every facet of his game, and we see glimpses of where he can go. Berman: True. LeBron James and Anthony Davis, once he gets back from an ankle injury, are too hungry, and Russell Westbrook will find his mojo. Lewis: False. With Anthony Davis injured, Frank Vogel under fire and Russell Westbrook benched in crunch time, there’s just too much drama here. O’Connor: False. Especially with Anthony Davis out now. It just seems like one of those seasons for LeBron and company where nothing goes right. Get ’em next year, with a new coach. Vaccaro: False. Things aren’t going to magically fall into place for them, even if Anthony Davis makes it back OK. Berman: Frank Vogel is still a goner. Lewis: Frank Vogel. Even though Tom Thibodeau could get fired for turning blowing 20-point leads into an art form, Vogel’s seat has been hotter for longer. O’Connor: Frank Vogel. Not even sure he will get through the last couple of months, but unless the Lakers make some dramatic run out of left field, he’s done. Vaccaro: Steve Nash, if he can’t properly incorporate his new Big 3. Berman: At 38-44 in 11th place and back in the lottery, even with a bump from Derrick Rose’s return. Lewis: Stuck outside the play-in and searching for a new coach. O’Connor: On the first tee at Winged Foot after the regular season ends. I assumed all along they’d find their way into the play-in tournament, at least, but it’s awfully hard to believe that now. Vaccaro: Lucky to win 30 games. Berman: With 50 wins, but will lose in the second round again. Lewis: Squeezing into the playoffs, knocking off a higher seed before falling in the second round, like last year. O’Connor: Losing in the Eastern Conference semis again. I think they’ll rise up the conference charts some and stay out of the play-in, but Irving’s in-and-out status, combined with Ben Simmons’ rust and awkward entry, will stop the Nets short in the playoffs. Vaccaro: Winning a round in the playoffs. Berman: The Heat will return to the Finals for the second time in three years, but ultimately lose to the Nuggets, who will get Jamal Murray back. Lewis: The Suns and the Bucks. And this time Phoenix will finish the job. O’Connor: The Warriors and the Heat. I like the Warriors in six. A big legacy moment for Stephen Curry, to win it all before Kevin Durant’s arrival and after his departure. Vaccaro: Suns-Bucks, with Phoenix getting its revenge this time. Berman: Whether Damian Lillard will demand a trade or stay put for the Trail Blazers’ latest reconstruct. Lewis: The status of star guards Damian Lillard (after the trade of CJ McCollum) and player option of Bradley Beal. O’Connor: I’ll keep it local: Julius Randle gets traded. I see Tom Thibodeau surviving the summer, barely, but I don’t think Randle will make it to opening night. Vaccaro: What the Knicks decide to do with Tom Thibodeau.