Two activists who torched an NYPD homeless outreach van on a Greenwich Village street in 2020 were each sentenced to six months in prison on Friday — as a federal judge chided the well-educated, radical duo for the “aberrant act.” The firebugs, Elaine Carberry, 38, and Corey Smith, 26, will also have to serve six months in home confinement when they’re sprung from federal prison and pay more than $72,000 in restitution, Judge Lewis Liman ordered. At the sentencing Friday morning, Liman credited both Smith and Carberry as being active members in New York’s LGBTQ community and said he believed they are committed to social justice — but added their crime warranted a prison sentence. “You crossed a line. A line that is critical to a lawful, civil society,” Liman said before he imposed the sentence on Smith. “I cannot find my way to a non-incarceration sentence,” he added. “The officers who used that van had done nothing to you. It was more than a mere act of property destruction. They were performing a service that benefits all of us,” he said of the cops who used the van to provide services to homeless New Yorkers. “Your crime was a very serious one,” Liman said, adding that a non-prison sentence would “send precisely the wrong message.” Smith and Carberry each pleaded guilty last year to conspiracy to commit arson for torching the NYPD van near the corner of 12th Street and University Place early on July 15, 2020. They were busted about a month after the arson when an undercover officer who had interacted with both of them identified the pair in a photo distributed by investigators. The judge added that despite the van being empty, the firebombing was a dangerous act of vandalism that endangered lives. “The van did not explode, but you could not have known that when you set fire to it,” he said. “You put innocent lives at risk,” he added. Supporters of the pair — who both use gender-neutral pronouns — packed the Lower Manhattan courtroom and another additional room for the sentencing Friday. Three of Carberry’s supporters read statements in court, painting Carberry as a racial justice activist and as someone LGBTQ youth turn to in times of crisis. One of the supporters, Morgan Bassichis, said he had known Carberry for 20 years and that they are a “central source of love” for the LGBTQ community. “Elaine is the person people turn to when they’re contemplating suicide,” Bassichis said. “People who are in crisis go to Elaine to feel safe,” he added. Liman referenced that work before imposing Carberry’s sentence, and saying they could do “more good out of prison than in.” He added that their engagement in the community was not negative in determining their sentence, but positive in his view. The judge also noted Smith had risen from a difficult upbringing in the Midwest to become an honor student and graduate of Morehouse College before moving to New York. In prepared remarks, both Smith and Carberry told Liman they were remorseful for the crime, which their lawyers highlighted happened at the height of social unrest in the city in response to the police killing of George Floyd in Minnesota. “I am devastated by the harm I have caused,” said Carberry, a Brown University grad. “I made a terribly dangerous mistake. A mistake I will never stop trying to right. Carberry said they had caused suffering for everyone who came to support them — and pleaded with Liman for a non-prison sentence. “I beg you to let that suffering cease today,” Carberry said. “I’m asking for your mercy.” After the hearing, Smith, who plans to attend grad school at the prestigious New School in Manhattan, told The Post they thought the sentencing was about reconciliation. “Today was about truth, reconciliation, liberation, growth and healing. No matter the outcome of this … we continue to move forward to our liberation,” Smith said. As part of the sentence, both Smith and Carberry will have to complete 400 hours of community service, Liman said.