The Issue: A report on the Clinton campaign’s involvement in spying on former President Donald Trump. The Post editorial on the alleged criminal acts committed by Hillary Clinton and her cohorts, the Justice Department and the FBI during the 2016 campaign and the subsequent presidency of Donald Trump was spot-on (“It’s one big nyet result.” Editorial, Feb. 14). But the highlight was the last sentence: “Think anyone in the left-wing media will notice?” — which implies that the left will still cover for Clinton, and the cabal formed by her minions, by keeping quiet. But that won’t work anymore because the majority of Americans are not as stupid as they think. We have access to the various news outlets that speak the truth. We all know that Clinton is thinking of running in 2024, but before that happens, she and other Democrats will be under legal scrutiny, which — we hope — will result in jail time for those involved in trying to bring down a presidency. Richard A. Ketay Newark, NJ The continued revelations that Clinton and her campaign were secretly involved with shocking tricks to try to influence the 2016 election while falsely accusing her opponent of wrongdoing should surprise no one. Whitewater, Travelgate, e-mail servers, Benghazi: Hillary has a lifetime of scandals that have left a debris field of people she and her husband have harmed. She seems to be able to get other people to lie and do her dirty work, all while avoiding prosecution and convincing people she’s the victim. But maybe this news from the Durham probe will finally expose Hillary for the evil person she truly is. Were it not for our complicit media, a Democratic Party that turns a blind eye to the bad behavior of its members and lackeys willing to lie for her, she may have been in jail already. We can only hope that in the coming months justice will be served. Michael D’Auria Bronxville It’s now clear that any evidence of Russian collusion was planted by Democratic operatives working for Clinton. They laughed at Trump when he said he was being spied on, but he was right. A bunch of people storming the Capitol is nothing compared to the flagrant infiltration of the Trump campaign and servers in the White House — with potential top-secret information. Watergate was a break- in by a bunch of bumbling fools who ended up doing jail time for their misguided actions. Here, we have the Clinton campaign attempting to bring down a sitting president. It’s sad what the Democratic Party has become. What might be the biggest news story since Watergate is ignored by major media because they hate Trump so much they think he deserves it. Mindy Rader New City Finally, what we’ve always known about Hillary Clinton & Co.’s involvement in Russiagate and presidential spying has been confirmed. Love or hate Trump, we saw the president harassed, harangued and vilified daily for four years. Hard as Trump tried, we were still short-changed of our representation from a president who was hamstrung every step of the way. Without accountability, the perpetrators will walk away scot-free for what they’ve done. Dee Barbato Yonkers A sitting president’s servers in the White House and Trump Tower were hacked by Clinton’s stooges, desperately and illegally trying to dig up dirt on him. A nation that functions by a hypocritical double-standard — laws for ordinary Americans but no laws for the Democratic “elites” — is not a civilized nation based on democratic rule, but a banana republic. Americans should be deeply concerned by this flagrant violation of laws and must demand that Hillary Clinton and others of her ilk be held accountable for these egregious actions that have yet again compromised our national security and led to an anti-Russian witch hunt. Michael Pravica Henderson, Nev. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.