This power duo is causing a stir across the harbor not seen since Pete and Kim set Staten Island ablaze. Assemblyman Charles Fall (D-Staten Island) is using his political muscle to try and give girlfriend Bianca Rajpersaud a really big Valentine’s gift — getting the 27-year-old lobbyist elected to the state Senate seat being vacated by retiring Diane Savino. Fall’s power play is the talk of Richmond Terrace — even in a borough still buzzing about native son and “SNL” star Pete Davidson dating Kim Kardashian and bringing her to several borough haunts on dates. Both Fall and Rajpersaud confirmed they’ve been a perhaps lesser-known borough power couple for a while now. “We are partners. The relationship I have with Bianca is separate from why I have been supportive of her in the Senate race,” Fall told The Post Wednesday. Rajpersaud, who works for David, Hutchin & Citron, said Fall is her “life partner” but emphasized: “I will have to put in the work” to win the seat. “I truly appreciate Charles’ support,” Rajpersaud said, noting they have been friends for a long time. The 23rd senatorial district takes in the north shore of Staten Island and parts of Brooklyn. Fall, 33, is divorced and has two daughters, Maimouna and Naila. Rajpersaud has never been married. Rajpersaud — the daughter of Guyanese and Dominican immigrants — is president of the North Shore Democratic Club and previously worked for Staten Island Assemblyman Michael Cusick. “I can hit the ground running,” she said. Savino, who’s held the Senate seat since 2005, is endorsing her former chief of staff to replace her, Jessica Scarcella-Spanton, a government affairs rep with the MTA. In a related power play, Fall issued a statement on Twitter rescinding his endorsement of ex-Democratic Congressman Max Rose in his bid to reclaim the House seat he held in 2019-20. Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis defeated him two years ago. Democratic sources said that Fall, the first black man and Muslim elected to office on Staten Island, pulled his endorsement because Rose wouldn’t immediately commit to endorsing his gal pal Rampersaud for state Senate. Fall denied the claim.