So Eric Adams, New York City’s newly elected black mayor, travels to Albany this week to ask the state Assembly’s black speaker and the Senate’s black majority leader to modify laws that are protecting the criminals who are murdering, maiming and robbing mostly black victims and is turned down without a hint of political camouflage. And the problem is — white news reporters? So says the mayor. “I’m a black man that’s the mayor but my story is being interpreted by people that don’t look like me,” he declared Tuesday, adding that if news coverage doesn’t soon meet his specifications, “I’m just going to come in and do my announcements and bounce.” Well now. What to make of that? Forty-six days must be a record for a rookie mayor to go all paranoid on the press — particularly since coverage of Adams generally has been anodyne, and often is adulatory. That is, if there’s a skin problem here it’s that the mayor’s is too thin. And if Adams means to drag New York down a racial rabbit hole whenever he suffers a policy setback, it’s going to be an ugly four years. And let’s not lose sight of this: If a diversity problem in fact exists, it may be closer to home than the mayor imagines. New York is a majority-minority city, true enough, but the largest minority is non-Hispanic white (32% compared to 24% black) — yet the mayor’s leadership appointments have gone overwhelmingly to non-whites. Which is fine. Rewarding political loyalty along ethnic lines is as New York as the Coney Island boardwalk — and one of the most refreshing things about Eric Adams has been his relative candor on a virtually undiscussable topic. “I’m going to hire the best people that I have known throughout my years in government,’ he said early on, adding “I can do this because I’m the mayor.” Precisely. To the victor, and all that. But to return to the underlying issue — the mayor’s embarrassingly unproductive trip to Albany — it’s hard not to sympathize. A former state senator, Adams was rudely rebuffed Monday by one-time colleagues on a key policy issue — safe streets — and that had to have hurt. The problem is that tough-on-crime policies are addressed almost purely as racial-equity issues everywhere these days — especially in New York. Thus Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie and Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins balked, and the Legislature’s black and Hispanic leadership tweeted that it had no intention of “returning to the failed policies of the 1990s.” This signaled doom for Adams’ bid for the bail and criminal-procedure reforms he deems essential. Yet those “failed policies” were central to rescuing New York the last time violent crime terrified the city — a time when crime victims were overwhelmingly black.Just like today. Black New Yorkers — again, 24% of the city’s population — accounted for 65% of its murder victims in 2020, and 75% of its shooting victims. And while the present spiral in crime — it’s up sharply from last year in 72 of 77 city precincts — has yet to be sorted ethnically, there’s no reason to suspect the ratios have changed. Adams promised repeatedly to make combatting violent crime an administration priority — and he’s been true to his word. So it is against this backdrop that the mayor should be judged. That is, Adams is the good guy on a critical issue. And those impeding his efforts are anything but. The fact that the mayor himself seems to have lost sight of this suggests a disconcerting personal fragility. And wandering down demographic dead-ends is never helpful — not to Adams, and certainly not to the city. Eric Adams would do well to take a lesson from Rudy Giuliani’s demonstrably successful 1990s playbook: Stay focused, keep your promises and don’t let the bastards wear you down.