Last Sunday, right in Chinatown, a young Asian woman named Christina Yuna Lee was followed home and stabbed to death. Weeks earlier, Michelle Alyssa Go, also Asian, was deliberately pushed into a subway train and killed. Before that, Yao Pan Ma, an Asian man, died months after being stomped on while collecting cans. Once again, politicians expressed sad sentiments and denounced Asian hate. Posts against Asian hate flooded social media. There are clear cases of Asian hate, which all people of good conscience actively oppose. And while Ma’s killer was charged with a hate crime, these three murders should terrify New Yorkers of every race. Because these victims could have been anyone. Rampant overuse of the phrase “Asian hate” enables politicians to pretend these attacks affect only one sector of the city, when in fact crime has spiked over the last year in 72 out of 77 precincts, doubling in five. Calling any crime with Asian victims “Asian hate” prioritizes discrimination over crime. Politicians can keep ignoring the more pressing problem of crime, and instead cry that we have a hate problem and hold endless events about bias. Asians don’t want that. That’s thought policing when we urgently need policing against violent crime. Vagrant career criminals with long rap sheets were responsible for each of these three recent murders. Chinatown, where the city plans to build more homeless shelters, fears increasing violence from criminals like these and the one who killed four men with a metal pipe there in October 2019. This was not gun violence, which President Biden, Mayor Adams and DA Bragg all recently blamed. These killers used knives, feet, bare hands. Ordinary citizens know that career criminals cause the most crimes now terrorizing the city. We know that defunding the police, non-prosecution of crimes, no-bail and “less is more” policies are directly responsible for creating more crime and violence in Chinatown, on Asians, and all people throughout the city. Increasing the number of mentally ill, addicted, or criminal vagrants in communities without protecting ordinary citizens creates more attacks. Criminals are free, but law-abiding citizens are imprisoned. Chinatown, a community that sends very few of its residents to jails and shelters, already has four jails and five homeless shelters — and the city wants to add one more mega-jail and three more shelters. Hundreds in Chinatown have protested the proposed 91 East Broadway shelter for the past few months, to absolutely no avail. At last week’s hearing with elected officials and the Department of Homeless Services, hundreds of protesters were denied entry despite scores of empty seats in the auditorium. Officials either said sweet nothings that led to no action, argued back with total non-sequiturs or stayed stone-cold silent. Squashing Asian voices isn’t hate, but it certainly shows that our lives don’t matter. We can correct this. Politicians, be serious about Asian victims and all victims. Gov. Hochul, oppose the murderous no-bail policies. DA Bragg, do your job and prosecute crimes. State reps Kavanaugh, Kim and Niou, reverse the pro-crime policies you helped create. Mayor Adams, go back to Albany and argue against the no-bail policies, and stop the new Chinatown homeless shelters and jail. In short, for the sake of everyone in the city fearing horrible attacks, stop the talk. And stop the crime. Wai Wah Chin is the founding president of the Chinese American Citizens Alliance Greater New York.