Presidents Day is just around the corner, and that means relaxing while scoring unbeatable deals. Samsung is slashing prices on their TVs, HP is bringing down the house with their laptop deals and Best Buy is even joining in on the fun. Best of all, the bedding mogul Casper is offering up to $595 off mattresses and 10% off everything else with code PRESDAY22. The sale runs until Feb. 22, so you have time to scout out the best bedding deals perfect for you. To help you out, we listed our top Presidents Day mattress deals from Casper below. Still not convinced you’ve found your perfect match? Then feel free to take the Casper mattresses quiz here. In no time, you’ll be on your way to better sleep (and at a discounted price, too). Note that each mattress is available in six various sizes but the following prices are based on twin options. One reviewer said “nothing helps you sleep better than this mattress,” and we couldn’t agree more. Not only does the Casper Original Hybrid Mattress feature foam divided into three ergonomic zones to help keep you aligned, but it also includes thousands of perforations made to keep you cool. This is possible through AirScape technology, where the perforated, breathable foam increases airflow allowing your body heat to have a place to go. The Original Hybrid also features a durable foam base made to eliminate sinking and sagging. If you suffer from back pain and are ready to unlock your best sleep, then this is the perfect mattress for you. In the words of the brand themselves, the Casper Wave Hybrid Mattress provides “less aching” and “more sleeping.” It’s all thanks to the mattress’ ergonomic zones, gel pods and 3D foam that help provide perfect spinal alignment. Thousands of perforations are also included within the three layers of the mattresses made to create a cool-to-the-touch gel surface. A happy customer even said the Wave hybrid mattresses is ideal for “hot sleepers.” Made with seven zones of targeted support and added pressure relief under the shoulders, waist and lower back, you’ll be in mattress heaven with Casper’s Nova Hybrid Mattress. After all, the brand did name is their softest mattress for a reason. Resilient springs also add extra lift, support and airflow for optimal sleep. One reviewer even said it’s so comfortable her husband started sleeping through his alarms — but we call that a success! Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.