A homeless career criminal with three open cases stalks a young woman, forces his way into her Chinatown apartment, stabs her to death — and Democrats blame everything from Donald Trump to the end of child tax credits. Everything except their anti-cop, soft-on-crime policies that have caused the inevitable breakdown of law and order that led to the gruesome death of Christina Yuna Lee. Lee’s murder is every woman’s worst nightmare. Her screams brought the police but by the time they managed to break down her reinforced steel door, she was dead in her bathtub, stabbed 40 times. Surveillance footage shows suspected killer Assamad Nash loitering outside her apartment building when she returned home alone in a cab early Sunday morning, and then coolly pushing open the door behind her before following her upstairs. He would never have been there that night if Albany lawmakers had not vandalized the bail laws in 2020. He should have been in jail. Nash reportedly has been arrested seven times since 2017 and has three open cases in Manhattan Criminal Court. He was already out on bail for an alleged subway assault when he was arrested again last month and charged with 27 counts of criminal mischief, attempted escape, and resisting arrest — crimes that have been decriminalized by Alvin Bragg, our new progressive Manhattan DA. You would think that Democratic women would show some empathy about Lee’s tragedy. But all White House press secretary Jen Psaki could do this week when asked about the rise in anti-Asian hate crime (up 339% nationwide last year) was fall back on her favorite scapegoat, ex-President Trump. “We’ve seen this rise, unfortunately, because of hate-filled rhetoric and language around the origins of the pandemic,” said Psaki, echoing her previous comments when she blamed “the prior administration [for] calling COVID the ‘Wuhan virus’ [which] led to perceptions . . . that have . . . elevated threats against Asian Americans.” Her excuse is absurd since everyone has seen, whether in surveillance footage or mug shots, that most perpetrators of assaults against Asians are black males, not a demographic that traditionally takes its cues from Republican presidents. But Joe Biden’s spokesperson must live in a comfortable cocoon there in DC. “Soft-on-crime consequences,” she said airily a few weeks ago in an interview pouring scorn on Fox News’ coverage of the nationwide crime wave. “What does that even mean?” Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was equally callous toward victims when she claimed that people commit crimes because they are too poor to buy baby formula. “We want to say these people are criminals or we want to talk about ‘people who are violent,’ ” she was quoted as saying in The New Yorker this week. “We don’t want to say some of the things that are obvious, like, Gee, the child-tax credit just ran out . . . and now people are stealing baby formula.” But now that polls are turning against Democrats, these weaselly attempts to offload blame won’t wash anymore. You can see the change in President Biden as he cozies up to Mayor Eric Adams in an attempt to ally himself with Adams’ more pro-cop, tough-on-crime stance. “The answer is not to defund the police,” said the president during a visit to NYPD Headquarters last month. “It’s to give you the tools, the training, the funding to be partners, to be protectors.” Biden vehemently denies ever supporting the defund-the-police crazies, but we remember him at the height of the George Floyd riots in 2020, when Biden was the Democratic presidential candidate who railed against “systemic racism” in police forces, thus branding every cop a bad apple and making them all targets. He refused to disavow the Defund movement while even agreeing in an interview that “some” funding should “absolutely” be redirected away from police. A billion dollars was subsequently stripped from the NYPD budget. With cops demoralized and resigning in droves, Democrats are running a million miles away from what they wrought. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee reportedly now has suggested a new way for Dems to deal with public concern over their ghastly policies. Just lie! According to Politico, the committee is using polls and focus-group research to train members to deny they want to defund the police or fling open the borders. Instead, they should “reiterate their support for police” and “talk about their efforts to keep the border safe.” “Democrats need to demonstrate they fully understand and care about stressors in people’s lives,” the DCCC said in its training materials. This is what Speaker Nancy Pelosi tries to do when she puts on her best saccharine smile for pliable news anchors and declares that defunding the police has never been the position of the Democratic Party. “Public safety is our responsibility,” she intoned with dripping insincerity on ABC last weekend. “Community safety, to protect and defend in every way, is our oath of office.” Pelosi also attached herself to Adams, who has become a talisman for Democrats trying to backpedal away from their previous stance. But words are cheap. Adams was given the cold shoulder this week when he went to Albany to beg colleagues for a small tweak of their bail-reform laws to at least give judges discretion to detain a defendant with a history of ­violent crime. Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins told WNYC Radio in an interview Wednesday that doing what Adams had asked would “exacerbate a problem we’re trying to alleviate.” “We do not want to criminalize poverty . . . There is no connection between our bail reform and the national spike in crime.” What she says is not true. New York is one of the only jurisdictions in the nation that has stripped judges of discretion to detain people whom they perceive to be dangerous, and the sharp rise in violent crime by recidivist criminals over the past year is a direct consequence. But this is the destructive ideology that has taken over the Democratic Party. No matter what Biden and Pelosi say in public, they are not willing to stand up against the leftist Squad and their fellow travelers in Albany. Victims like Christina Yuna Lee are just inconveniences, reminding them of their impotence.