President Biden confirmed Friday that he will nominate Ketanji Brown Jackson to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer. Jackson, 51, is a federal judge on the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit and would be the first black woman to join the Supreme Court. “I’m proud to announce that I am nominating Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to serve on the Supreme Court,” Biden tweeted. “Currently serving on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, she is one of our nation’s brightest legal minds and will be an exceptional Justice. Biden and Jackson were scheduled to deliver public remarks at 2 p.m. Friday, the White House said. The judge was an instant front-runner for the lifetime post after Breyer, 83, said in January that he would retire, but Biden’s vetting process was shrouded in secrecy with few leaks to the press. Senate Democrats can confirm Jackson, a former Breyer clerk, without any GOP support, but she was confirmed to her current position last year with three Republican votes. Jackson is a mother of two and holds undergraduate and law degrees from Harvard University. In picking Jackson, Biden resisted lobbying by House Majority Whip James Clyburn (D-SC) to pick South Carolina federal Judge J. Michelle Childs. Clyburn enlisted his state’s Republican senators and argued there should be diversity of background on the court, where eight of nine current members went to Harvard or Yale for law school. Childs attended public universities. Left-wing critics urged Biden not to pick Childs, accusing her of being too friendly to corporations. “Her record shows that she wins for employers, and I think that’s problematic in this moment,” Joseph Geevarghese, executive director of Our Revolution — a group associated with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) — said this month. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) tweeted Friday morning: “If media reports are accurate, and Judge Jackson has been chosen as the Supreme Court nominee to replace Justice Breyer, it means the radical Left has won President Biden over yet again. The attacks by the Left on Judge Childs from South Carolina apparently worked.” Graham added, “I expect a respectful but interesting hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee. The Harvard-Yale train to the Supreme Court continues to run unabated.” Biden even touted Jackson’s double degrees from Harvard in the White House’s initial statement confirming her selection. “When Judge Jackson told her high school guidance counselor she wanted to attended [sic] Harvard, the guidance counselor warned that Judge Jackson should not to [sic] set her sights ‘so high,'” said the White House statement, which was written in apparent haste. “That didn’t stop Judge Jackson. She graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College, then attended Harvard Law School, where she graduated cum laude and was an editor of the Harvard Law Review.” Jackson allies, working to counter the campaign for Childs, touted her past work as a federal public defender from 2005 to 2007 and the fact that her parents attended historically black universities. Jackson was raised in Miami by her father, attorney Johnny Brown, and mother, school principal Ellory Brown. The judge’s husband, Dr. Patrick Jackson, is a surgeon at Georgetown University Hospital and she is related by marriage to former House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), who introduced her at a 2012 confirmation hearing. Clyburn elicited Biden’s commitment to pick a black woman ahead of the 2020 South Carolina primary. The influential black congressman subsequently endorsed Biden, reviving the former vice president’s campaign after crushing defeats in Iowa, New Hampshire and Nevada. The Supreme Court currently has one black member, conservative Justice Clarence Thomas. Jackson’s confirmation is not expected to shift the ideological balance of the high court. She would keep the seat in control of a Democratic president’s nominee. Currently, six justices were nominated by Republicans and three, including Breyer, were put forward by Democrats.  