Matthew Stafford and wife Kelly are learning firsthand how much of a whirlwind life can be after winning the Super Bowl. During a joint appearance on Kelly’s podcast, “The Morning After,” the longtime couple recounted what the hours looked like between Sunday evening and Monday morning after the Rams defeated the Bengals in Super Bowl 2022. “I don’t think it’s really hit yet, to be honest,” Stafford said on winning his first Super Bowl, hours after coming home from Drake’s postgame party. Stafford and Kelly initially hit up hot spot Harriet’s before checking out Drake’s, noting they arrived in matching smiley face sweaters. When asked if the rapper performed, Stafford replied, “No. He might’ve. Maybe he did that with scrambled eggs in the morning. We left at 4… maybe when he was frying up some eggs he said, ‘Let’s go.'” Although the Staffords left at 4 a.m., the party was far from over, according to Kelly. “What time do you think that party ended? It was not slowing down when we left,” Kelly said, to which Stafford responded, “I felt like a loser for leaving at 4.” Stafford then clarified that he and Kelly didn’t celebrate at Drake’s actual house. “It was not his actual house. He was renting this humble abode and I feel so bad for the owner, the things that were going on in there,” he said. The Staffords had an understandable reason for leaving at 4 a.m., given they had to be at Disneyland later Monday morning. “I don’t know why they do it the day after the Super Bowl,” Kelly said of the timing of the amusement park trip. Stafford, who shares four young daughters with Kelly, then quipped, “Congratulations on winning the Super Bowl… I can’t wait for you to bring your four kids screaming at you tomorrow for a 10-hour parade, I just hope you can act happy.” Kelly added, “It’s not going to be the place of dreams today, it’s going to be a place of nightmares, but you know what, we’ll get through it.” The Staffords did appear to get it through it, though her nightmare prediction looked on point based on an Instagram Story that featured fellow Rams revelers looking hungover on a merry-go-round. “Being a parent at Disney while hungover after winning the Super Bowl…,” she captioned the post, per TMZ. Stafford, meanwhile, hit a parade float with teammates Aaron Donald and Cooper Kupp, this year’s Super Bowl MVP. The celebrations will continue for the Rams on Wednesday with their victory parade in LA.