With the frigid frost of winter comes cozy evenings in your cashmere sweater, sipping hot chocolate and snuggling up in one of your favorite heated blankets. What’s unexpected and quite inconvenient at times, however, is impending winter storms — much like much-anticipated blows (or spur-of-the-moment snowfalls) that can drop mounds of white before you know it. On top of the other online shopping orders you have pending in your cart, it’s your best bet to snag a snowblower that’ll equip you for those pesky flakes. Perhaps one of the 10 best snow blowers we rounded up below will come in time for this weekend with fast-shipping options (if not, that’ll blow — ha!), but it’s still a good idea to order, stash it in your garage or storage unit and let the adage “better safe than sorry” live on this winter. From top picks on Amazon to winter scores at Ace Hardware, check out the mighty outdoor equipment that’ll clear the snow (so you can spend more time sipping on hot chocolate). As an Amazon’s Choice product, Ego Power+’s Cordless Snow Blower is a monster machine, throwing snow up to 40 feet and cutting throw ice 50% faster, thanks to its steel auger cutting it during transmission. Plus, its brushless motor makes it possible to clear 21 foot-wide path of snow. Enter Ace Hardware’s top-selling snow blower: the Toro Power Curve Electric. It boasts a 160-degree chute, has an ergonomic handle for a comfortable grip while using and can blow snow up to 30 feet. The debate between gas versus electric snow blowers can, at times, be dividing. But, Craftsman’s Gas Snow Blower is one of the longest-lasting models you’ll come across (trust us, this one has lived in our garages for over a decade). Not only is it relatively affordable compared to others on the market, but it effectively removes three to six feet of snow with its ergonomic gull-wing handle. This Bob the Builder-esque snow blower cab is too practical and adorable to pass up. It’s one of Amazon’s favorites, too, though you must purchase a snow blower separately. The durable, clear vinyl cab will protect you from tough winter winds while plowing and can be zipped up to reveal the dash light, making it easier to see your pathway. Shy of $1,000 comes Ariens’ Self-Propelled Gas Snow Blower. With a convenient push-button electric start, the ability to clear in 24-inches in height of snow and its six forward and two reverse speeds, it’ll make snow-blowing a snap. Ah, a snowblower you can ride on! This extraordinary model is a splurge, but well worth it if you want to clear your snow-ridden path in style. Plus, it includes tire chains and weights for optimal performance. For a no-frills option that’s still electric, Kobalt’s $200 model is worth picking up for those “just in case” moments. Its brushless motor, LED headlights and electric chute direction make it a solid pick for the price. As an Amazon’s Choice product, you can’t match the quality and price combo Snow Joe’s Cordless Snow Blower provides. Not only is it currently on sale but it’s battery-powered, cleans 14 tons of snow per charge and comes with two LED headlights for working it at night. If you’re seeking a gas-powered snowblower, PowerSmart is your best bet. It’s ideal for a 10-foot car driveway and six to 10 inches of snow (which, if you’re in New York or even elsewhere, this baby should have you covered). It’s a snow blower but also named a snow thrower. This Amazon bestseller is 20% off right now, and a lovely gas alternative with a 13 amp motor for powerful snow-throwing. Plus, it discharges snow up to 20 feet so you can clear your grounds quicker. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.