The COVID pandemic may finally be fading as the case numbers drop dramatically, but there are many who don’t want to let it go. Virologists and public-health specialists who left their laboratories and lecterns to pontificate publicly do not want to relinquish the rush of a camera moment or the glamour of a satellite camera truck arriving outside their door. Professors who were used to students falling asleep in their classes suddenly entered a two-year hotbed of social-media warfare and saw their Twitter follower numbers swell into the hundreds of thousands. Politicians who postured and self-justified with mandates and restrictions without considering the cruel consequences in terms of mental and physical health have now received the memo: Your poll numbers are dropping even as the case numbers are dropping. Governors in several deeply “blue states,” including New York, New Jersey, Colorado, Connecticut and California, are responding by dropping their mask mandates without any associated change in the science. People everywhere are echoing the famous line from the 1976 movie “Network”: “I’m mad as hell, and I’m not going to take this anymore.” Don’t get me wrong, the virus itself has not left us completely; in fact it is likely to be with us for good in some form or another. And mitigating strategies are clearly valuable during a ferocious outbreak, even if they simply slow a virus down. What isn’t valuable is continuing the restrictions far too long. What isn’t valuable is the mockery and the pomposity, the self-appointed experts calling out misinformation and marginalizing those who disagree on social media and on the Internet. Clearly there is a value to vaccines, therapeutics, masks, ventilation and rapid testing. But there is no value to political strategies that are purely self-serving. There’s no value to refusing to pull back the restrictions even as the numbers are dramatically falling. The public is tired, not just of the pandemic but of the way it has been handled across the board, from the news media to the government, even to our best scientists. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Rochelle Walensky, on SiriusXM Doctor Radio last week, justified to me continuing restrictions in schools a way to keep them open at a time when, she said, case numbers are still high. But numbers are continuing to drop dramatically, and it is time for the CDC to let go, to pull back on the mask and vaccine mandate guidance across the board. Her statement to lawmakers this week that “guidance is just guidance” and CDC guidelines don’t necessarily have to be followed only created more confusion. What we don’t need, and have never needed, is public-health scolding from a starstruck scientist or vote-seeking politician. They are sure to hold us back from assimilating COVID into our lives for their own purposes. Dr. Walensky can do better than that. It is time for her to lead. We now have all the tools and knowledge that we need to deal with COVID but also to begin to move on. The CDC can help us get there sooner rather than continue to bury its head in the sand. Marc Siegel, MD, is a clinical professor of medicine at NYU Langone Health and a Fox News Medical Correspondent.