Among the things that didn’t get done before the MLB lockout started was an extension for Aaron Judge, who is entering his final year of arbitration before free agency. Judge, who said following the Yankees’ loss to the Red Sox in the wild-card game in October that he wanted “to be a Yankee for life,” told the “R2C2” podcast in an episode released Thursday that he was aware of his uncertain future in The Bronx. “That’s a loaded question,” Judge said when asked about a possible extension. “You know, leading into this, especially coming up through the minor leagues and rookie ball, you want to be a free agent, test the market a little bit and see what’s out there. But that’s one thing, I’ve been lucky enough to play in the best organization out of all of them, so who wants to go anywhere else? If we get an extension done before the season starts, that’d be great. I’d be completely honored to wear pinstripes for a couple more years. But if it doesn’t happen and this is my last year [as a Yankee], I had a lot of great memories.” In November, general manager Brian Cashman said he had not spoken with Judge’s agent about an extension, but that while the organization doesn’t usually extend players before they become free agents, Judge is “a special player, so it’s definitely a special case.” Judge turns 30 in April and is coming off his best season since 2017. His future with the Yankees could be tied in part to the outcome of the current collective bargaining agreement negotiations and the competitive balance tax, since he would almost certainly be in line for a deal that would pay him an annual salary of about as much as Gerrit Cole’s $36 million. The Post’s Joel Sherman suggested a five-year, $189 million deal for Judge, who is set to get around $17 million in arbitration this season. Judge said he won’t let his contract situation impact him on the field. “It doesn’t matter if it’s the last year or the first year, I’m gonna go out there and play my best and do what I need to do for this city and what I need to do for the team,” Judge said. “It’s all in God’s hands. It’s gonna work out the way it’s supposed to. That’s why I’ve got agents. I’ve got people taking care of that. I’m not even worried.” The last two times the Yankees handed out extensions prior to free agency have not worked out, with both Luis Severino and Aaron Hicks sidelined with injuries after Severino signed a four-year, $40 million deal and Hicks signed for seven years and $70 million. Judge and his position player teammates would normally be days away from reporting to spring training — with pitchers and catchers already in camp — but the MLB lockout has altered those plans. These days, Judge is working out and getting ready for the season, along with others like Luke Voit at locations around Tampa in order to stay as ready as possible for the season — whenever it starts. “It’s interesting to see what they’re gonna do,” Judge said of MLB. “Are they gonna pull, ‘The lockout’s over, we need you here in three days?’ We’ll see. It’s good I’m down here already.”