If you’re struggling to sleep it’s likely you’re waking up groggy and can only get through the morning with a huge cup of coffee. Our bodies need sleep to rest and repair, ultimately setting us up for the day ahead. In the last week alone in the UK, Google searches for sleeping pills have increased by 50 percent. This suggests that Brits are struggling to nod off each night and are searching for ways to fall asleep. If this sounds like you, then experts might just have the answer – the 4-7-8 technique, may be all you need. Breathing techniques can help you drift into a natural state of relaxation, which in turn helps you fall asleep. For times when you feel wide awake or you have woken up and can’t get back to sleep, yogi Alexandra Baldi explains why the 4-7-8 trick could help. She said that because this technique requires taking long deep breaths in and out, it can help you to fall asleep in just 60 seconds. “Due to the deep diaphragm breath, the  4-7-8 technique has been known to not only treat insomnia, but also assist in managing cravings, controlling anger responses and improving migraines,” she said. “It is recommended that continued use of the 4-7-8 breathwork for a minimum of six weeks can begin to have a positive effect on one’s heart rate, which ties in with stress and improves anxiety.” The technique itself is relatively simple. First you need to place the tip of your tongue behind your front teeth and start to exhale through the mouth. This will create a whooshing sound. You then should ensure your mouth is closed and begin to inhale through the nose for a count of four. Then you need to hold your breath for seven counts. Next, you need to start to exhale in a controlled way, for a count of eight, whilst still trying to create the whooshing sound. In total you should take yourself through four rounds of this technique and stick to the 4-7-8 ratio of inhaling and exhaling. Dr. Andrew Weil said this breathing technique should not be done if you’re in a space where you can’t relax. “While it doesn’t necessarily have to be used for falling asleep, it can still put the practitioner into a state of deep relaxation. “Make sure you don’t need to be fully alert immediately after practicing your breathing cycles”, he told HealthLine. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.