Amazon really is the one-stop-shop for all of your shopping needs. Whether you are searching for the best home decor, the latest TikTok trending item or a variety of deals, the online retailer has you covered. But one of our absolute favorite sections on Amazon.com is none other than the electronics category. From AirPods and iPads to TVs and speakers, Amazon has it all. Though, due to the high volume of product offerings Amazon houses, it can be difficult to know what’s really worth your buck. Thankfully, we did the research for you. Below, find 20 of the best electronics currently on Amazon. They all feature stellar reviews and high ratings. You haven’t experienced the joy of Alexa until you try it out for yourself. Now you can with Amazon’s Fire TV Stick with Alexa voice control. Better yet, enjoy live TV and access to over 200,000 free moves and episodes. Now you can store all of your books in one slim device. The new Kindle Paperwhite features a 6.8″ display with thinner boarders than before. It also adjusts to warm light and provides up to 10 weeks of battery life. Bet of all, avid readers can enjoy 20% faster page turns. Fill your space with sound with the help of this JBL portable bluetooth speaker. It comes in a variety of colors while providing high-quality sound. Take the hassle out of cleaning with this iRobot Roomba vacuum. It lifts dirt, dust and debris away while working on your desired schedule. You can even set a full suite of advanced sensors to make sure it cleans you want and leaves what you don’t. Amazon is bringing down the house with these impeccable in-ears. With deep bass, 32 hours of battery life and independent ear buds for both calls and music, you won’t be disappointed. Best of all, they are currently 50% off. This is hands down the best speaker for small spaces. It’s compact, allows for voice control and provides you with Alexa smart-capabilities. Searching for a powerful laptop made to conquer the toughest projects? Then the Acer Aspire 5 is for you. You can look forward to maximized visuals, a backlit keyboard, a fingerprint readers, voice technology and so much more. There’s nothing like a Fire Tablet to get the creativity flowing. This style comes in four various color options and is both fast and responsive. The battery life is also long-lasting, so you can enjoy your apps such as Netflix, TikTok and Hulu without worry. Unlock the precision the Apple Pencil has to offer. Simply use it with your iPad and turn your device into a notepad, canvas and paper. There’s nothing worse than being tied down to a charging cable. Therefore, this six foot charging cable pack is sure to provide the freedom you desire. Turn any space into a move theatre with this mini projector. With built in speakers, long lamp life and top-of-the-line portability, you’ll have fun for hours on end. Experience the good life with the Insignia Fire TV. You’ll gain access to a voice remote with Alexa, over 1 million streaming moves and episodes, Smart TV access and more. Dance to your own beat with the help of these Apple AirPods Pro. They feature active noise cancellation, transparency mode, spatial audio and adaptive EQ. Protect your tech with this three pack of screen protectors. Made for iPhones, the tempered glass will save you stress, worry and possibly even money. With the Blink security camera, you can see, hear and speak to people and pets through your smart phone. Best of all, you can get alert on your phone whenever motion is detected. Searching for a good pair of headphones on a budget? Then, these are it. They’re lightweight, cushioned and comfortable while providing deep bass and soaring highs. The Blink Video Doorbell allows you to answer your door from virtually anywhere. Enjoy long-lasting battery, custom alerts, saved and shareable video clips and more. Enjoy bold sound from this small, water resistant speaker. Further features include a built-in mic, soft-touch silicon and wireless bluetooth pairing. Plus, this device is currently on sale. Electronics also apply to hygiene! This Oral-B electric tooth brush is one of the best bathroom devices out there. It helps you achieve perfect pressure, keeps you motivated with imagery and showcases a visual timer. Capture life’s greatest moments with the Canon EOS Revel T7. Features include built-in WiFi, an optical viewfinder, various settings and more. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.