It’s time to go back to the Upside Down. Netflix has announced the “Stranger Things” Season 4 premiere date, and the news that Season 5 will be the series’ last. First things first: Season 4 of the 1980s-set sci-fi hit show will consist of nine episodes and premiere in two parts. Volume 1 of Season 4 will kick off on May 27, and Volume 2 will premiere just over a month later, on July 1. Season 4 will pick up with the gang scattered to the wind, as Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) is distraught over her pseudo dad Hopper’s (David Harbour) death and is living with the Byers family: Joyce (Winona Ryder), Jonathan (Charlie Heaton) and Will (Noah Schnapp). The Byers have moved away from Hawkins, Indiana – separating Eleven from her boyfriend, Mike (Finn Wolfhard) and the rest of the gang, including Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin) and Steve (Joe Keery). Unbeknownst to his family and friends, Hopper is alive, in a sinister camp in remote Russia. “It’s been six months since the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins,” Netflix explains in the official description for Season 4. “Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time — and navigating the complexities of high school hasn’t made things any easier. In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down.” In an open letter to fans, creators the Duffer Brothers also announced that the show will end with Season 5 – but they heavily implied that there will be spinoffs. “There are still many more exciting stories to tell within the world of ‘Stranger Things,’ ” they wrote. “New mysteries, new adventures, new unexpected heroes. But first, we hope that you stay with us as we finish this tale of a powerful girl named Eleven and her brave friends, of a broken police chief and a ferocious mom, of a small town called Hawkins and an alternate dimension known only as the Upside Down.”