“The Batman” torch has been passed down to Robert Pattinson. But the 35-year-old British actor needed some help from previous stars who have taken on the role and inhabited the iconic superhero suit. During an appearance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!,” the “Twilight Saga” alum revealed that he sought advice from Christian Bale, who starred in Christopher Nolan’s “Batman” trilogy from 2005 until 2012, about how to urinate while wearing the caped costume. “I was a bit scared to ask them anything, but I bumped into Christian Bale,” Pattinson said on the late-night talk show. “[I was] next to him in a urinal, and I guess it kind of inspired him to say, ‘The first thing you need to do in the bat suit is figure out a way to pee.’ He added, “So when I went to the costume department, I was like, ‘First things first. I need a patch. I need a flap on the back.’ Easy access . . . I pee sitting down.” R-Patz will be starring as Bruce Wayne-Batman in the upcoming Matt Reeves film, “The Batman,” out March 4. Elsewhere in the interview, host Kimmel asked Pattinson about the character’s unmistakable deep, raspy voice. Pattinson explained that he wanted to go with a “radically different” voice from the low ones that past actors have used to play the DC comics hero, and ended up going a different route at first. “Everyone does this kind of gruff, gravelly thing, and I’m like, ‘I’m going to do the opposite — I’m gonna go really whispery,’ ” the Dior Homme spokesman said. “And I tried to do it for the first two weeks, and it just looked absolutely atrocious, and they told me to stop doing it.” However, he decided to make his voice sound deeper in order to keep the character traditional. “I found out from Nick, who was putting me in the suit every day, that’s what Christian Bale did on ‘Batman Begins’ as well,” Pattinson recalled. “And if you listen to the first ‘Batman Begins’ teaser trailer, you can hear the original voice. I only found this out a couple of weeks ago.” He opted to keep working on his voice to make it sound perfect, saying: “You can feel when it feels right. You put the suit on, and you have to speak in a certain way.” “One of the first things that Matt [Reeves] said to me — he’s like, ‘He’s sort of inspired by Kurt Cobain,’ ” the “Tenet” actor said. “I’m like, ‘Really? That’s kind of the opposite of what I imagined Bruce Wayne to be.’ ” He then asked Reeves to have his version of the Caped Crusader dress in a grunge, Kurt Cobain-inspired style, but the director didn’t want that for his action flick. This prompted Kimmel to ask, “So you had a lot of bad ideas to start with?” Pattinson laughed, “Tons.”