Freedom Convoy truckers have swarmed Ottawa for the past few weeks to protest their government’s heavy-handed COVID actions — and by invoking that nation’s Emergencies Act, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau just proved their point. The act gives the government broad powers, such as banning public gatherings, restricting travel, freezing protesters’ banks accounts (without a court order!), using anti-terror measures to scrutinize crowdfunding platforms and suspending insurance on vehicles. Good Lord! Is Trudeau expecting Russia to invade Canada instead of Ukraine? “We are making these changes because we know that [crowdfunding] platforms are being used to support illegal blockades and illegal activity, which is damaging the Canadian economy,” Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland said. Fine: Send in law-enforcement — the Mounties, if need be — to clear out trucks snarling traffic. On Sunday, police told drivers on the Ambassador Bridge, a key link between Detroit and Canada, they’d be arrested and their vehicles subject to seizure if they refused to move. Many did, a few were arrested and the bridge soon reopened. But freezing bank accounts? Blocking donations under an anti-terror law? Trudeau had countless other options — starting with easing restrictions, now that the virus is petering out. (On Monday, Ontario premier Doug Ford announced that, with COVID waning, he’ll lift his requirement for people to show proof of vaccination to enter indoor spaces as of March 1.) Yet the PM didn’t even try to talk with the protesters; he simply dismissed them as racists. And now he’s all-but-gone to DEFCON 1. Trudeau, a Liberal, fancies himself a human-rights champion. Yet now rights groups are blasting him. “The Emergencies Act can only be invoked when a situation ‘seriously threatens the ability of the Government of Canada to preserve the sovereignty, security and territorial integrity of Canada’ & when the situation ‘cannot be effectively dealt with under any other law of Canada,’” tweeted the Canadian Civil Liberties Association. “Governments regularly deal with difficult situations, and do so using powers granted to them by democratically elected representatives. Emergency legislation should not be normalized. It threatens our democracy and our civil liberties,” the group added. It also enflames matters, unnecessarily. Maybe that’s why President Joe Biden has been cheering Trudeau on: The Canadian is a clear reminder that Biden isn’t the only incompetent world leader.