The Knicks returned home on Monday night, fresh off a rough road trip but welcomed by the prospect of a soft landing. But the Thunder, who owned the NBA’s fourth-worst record and were also missing their top two scorers, did not oblige. Instead, the Knicks’ woes only got worse, coughing up a late fourth-quarter lead before falling to the rebuilding Thunder in overtime, 127-123, at the Garden. Julius Randle, despite recording his first triple-double of the season, missed a potential game-winner at the end of regulation and committed a handful of costly turnovers late before fouling out with seconds left in overtime. Coming off a 1-4 road trip, the Knicks (25-33) lost for the 12th time in their last 15 games — wasting double-digit leads in each of the last two, including a 11-point third-quarter advantage against the Thunder (18-39). “We’re just letting a lot of them go, honestly,” Randle said. “That’s probably, like, four losses of our last five were probably very winnable games and the story and narrative probably [would be] a lot different.” They had another chance to extend the game in overtime after New Rochelle’s Ty Jerome missed a pair of free throws and the Knicks got the ball out of a timeout with five seconds left, trailing 126-123. But Immanuel Quickley, mired in a brutal shooting slump, missed an open 3 and the Thunder grabbed the rebound to help ice the game. Coach Tom Thibodeau said there were multiple options on the final inbounds play, but the ball ended up in the hands of Quickley, who went 0-for-7 from the field and 0-for-5 from deep. Over his past 17 games, he is shooting just 26.8 percent (33-for-123) from the field and 23.9 percent (16-for-67) from deep. The Knicks had taken a 110-106 lead with 4:07 to go in the fourth quarter before both teams went three minutes without scoring. The drought was finally ended by Thunder rookies Josh Giddey and Tre Mann each hitting a pair of free throws, tying the game at 110 with 39 seconds left. Alec Burks then missed a contested shot on a sloppy possession, giving the Thunder the ball with the shot clock off. Evan Fournier stole the ensuing inbounds pass, though, and found Quentin Grimes for the go-ahead layup, putting the Knicks up 112-110 with 15.2 seconds left. But Darius Bazley re-tied the game at 112 on a layup with 5.5 seconds to go before Randle’s step-back jumper rimmed out at the buzzer, sending the game to overtime. Thibodeau had no timeouts left to set up the Knicks’ final possession of the fourth quarter after he mistakenly burned his final timeout with 39 seconds to go while trying to use a challenge that he did not have. He had used one seconds earlier on another foul call but was unsuccessful. “That was my fault,” said Thibodeau, who took longer than usual to arrive at his postgame press conference. “I screwed that up.” The Thunder were missing their top two scorers, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Luguentz Dort, to injuries. But the Knicks got hurt by Giddey, the 19-year-old from Australia who poured in 28 points, 11 rebounds and 12 assists. Mann also chipped in a career-high 30 points. Randle led the Knicks with 30 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists, but his seven turnovers loomed large in the tight finish. Two came in the final four minutes of the fourth quarter before he added a wild pass for another in overtime, drawing boos. “The fourth quarter is different,” Thibodeau said. “The intensity is different. You can’t fight pressure with pressure.” Though the Knicks went stagnant offensively in crunch time — which Randle attributed to a lack of pace — he and Thibodeau put the blame for the loss squarely on the defense. “Offensively, you’re scoring that many points, you should come out with a win,” Thibodeau said. “We got to fix our defense.”