The Republican Party has made massive gains among Hispanic voters since the 2020 presidential election, cutting the Democratic advantage by nearly 20 percent, according to a new survey. Democrats only hold an advantage over Republicans with Hispanic voters at 44 percent to 37 percent, according to the National Republican Congressional Committee’s Battleground Survey Project released Friday. The margin has significantly narrowed since the 2000 exit polls, which showed that Hispanic voters were 63 percent Democratic and 36 percent Republican, researchers said. “Hispanic movement toward Republicans is real. Republicans are winning on the issues that matter most to Hispanic voters and are well-positioned to capitalize on Democrats’ extremely unpopular policies,” the NRCC said in a memo outlining the survey. “But this isn’t a done deal. Republican candidates need to continue fighting to win over Hispanic voters with a message focused on the economy and why Republicans are best positioned to protect the American Dream so many Hispanics came to this country to achieve.” When pressed on specific issues, the survey found, Hispanic voters in battleground districts are “extremely” or “very concerned” about inflation (78 percent), cost of food and groceries (74 percent) and gas prices (70 percent). Seventy-four percent of respondents agreed that parents should have a say in what is taught at their children’s schools — a key Republican talking point in recent years — while 22 percent disagreed. Overall, 41 percent of battleground Hispanic voters said Republicans are “better able to protect the American Dream,” while 35 percent said Democrats. While President Biden has seen his approval rating drop and disapproval rating continuously grow since taking office due to rising inflation, foreign crises and the ongoing border crisis, last week’s survey found that Hispanic voters in battleground states are evenly divided on the job the president is doing, with 46 percent approving and the same portion disapproving. Still, 37 percent “strongly disapprove” of Biden’s job as president while only 23 percent “strongly approve.” Even among independent voters, only 35 percent approve while 49 percent disapprove. The survey also found that Hispanic voters in battleground states are growing frustrated with key Democratic leaders including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Vice President Kamala Harris. Only 21 percent of respondents had “strongly favorable” ratings of Pelosi, while 39 percent had “strongly unfavorable” opinions of her. For the vice president, Harris saw a 23 percent “strongly favorable” rating and 35 percent “strongly unfavorable” rating. As Democrats face a steep climb to keep the majority in the House and Senate during this year’s midterm elections, the NRCC’s survey found that Hispanic voters in battleground regions largely favor Republicans in the two chambers. Forty-two percent of respondents said Republicans can handle jobs and the economy better than Democrats, who saw 35 percent support. For border security, Hispanic voters favored Republicans again, with 44 percent saying the GOP can deal with it better than Democrats, who received 31 percent support. Only 31 percent of respondents said the Democrats can handle rising prices and higher costs of living than Republicans, who saw 49 percent support. For crime, 40 percent of Hispanic battleground voters said the GOP can handle it better than Democrats, who only received 32 percent support. The survey was conducted among 1,000 registered Hispanic voters from Jan. 29 to Feb. 3 and carries a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percent.