For most, handpicking your next tube of deodorant is inherently mundane: driving to Target (or the quick add-to-cart motion with Amazon Prime) and getting on with your day. But, it’s about time we think of antiperspirants and under-arm formulas as less humdrum and more action-packed. Now, that’s firmly possible with Old Spice’s new line of Sweat Defense Dry Spray Antiperspirants. Backed by legendary Swedish action-film actor Dolph Lundgren — who most likely rings a bell for his role as Ivan Drago in “Rocky IV” and, more recently, in “Aquaman” and Castle Falls” — there hasn’t been a more exciting reason to pick up an essential hygiene item and feel like the world is yours to grab (by the bottle). We had the pleasure of speaking with Dolph Lundgren on not only the sweat-stopping formulas he’s the face for but also his acting career and why he’s devout to the years-old-favorite brand, Old Spice. “My dad used Old Spice in Sweden when I was a kid; I remember how there weren’t too many options back then with deodorants,” Lundgren told The Post. “I’ve been using it for a few years because it’s fresh and there’s something sporty about it — the scent, kind of —  it’s not too strong. I don’t like [when deodorant scents] are too much, you know?” Alas, after years of the classic formula found in many medicine cabinets worldwide, Old Spice reached out to Lundgren about its new line of antiperspirants. “They came to me and they said, we want to do this commercial where we’re going to depict you as a young man, kind of around the time of Rocky, and do an 80s action movie spoof. And I thought, that sounds like fun,” said Lundgren. What’s more, his fiancé Emma Krokdal, loves the scent (which, if you’re reading this and have a boyfriend or a husband, go buy it ASAP). “That’s one other reason I’m using it — she really likes it a lot because, you know, scents have an almost chemical-like reaction with your skin,” Lundgren explains. “For me, it’s a great smell.” Lundgren also shared that, in April, a film he directed — “Wanted Man” — will be released, starring himself amid immigration in Mexico that he told us is a “thriller” that he’s “pleased to be a part of.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.