Ghislaine Maxwell’s estranged husband has put the historic Massachusetts mansion he shared with the now-convicted madam on the market for nearly $7.3 million. Scott Borgerson — who reportedly dumped the British socialite while she was in jail — told the Wall Street Journal that he was selling the Manchester-by-the-Sea mansion he had shared with his ex. “She was here years ago, but actually left when this thing started to rear its ugly head — her situation from conduct decades ago,” Borgeson told the paper of Maxwell sex trafficking underage girls for her earlier ex, pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The waterfront property, known as the Phippen-Smith house, is owned by Borgerson’s limited liability company Tidewood LLC. He told the WSJ that although Maxwell, 60, had lived there, she has no ownership stake, which was confirmed by Brian Basham, a friend of the Maxwell family who has served as their spokesman. Borgeson told the paper that he believes his house was built around 1660 in Salem, Mass., before it was moved by barge in 1917 to its current location in an enclave known as the Sharksmouth Estate. His company paid $2.45 million for it in 2016, records show. He also spent another $2.5 million restoring it, he told the paper. The house now has five bedrooms spread across roughly 6,100 square feet, with modern amenities including Tesla charging stations. The property first came into focus in the summer of 2019 when it first emerged that Maxwell was hiding out there amid the intensifying focus of her earlier involvement of Epstein’s sex trafficking. She managed to avoid the spotlight, however, secretly moving to a rented mansion in New Hampshire where she was tracked down and arrested in a major operation in July 2020. It was only after her arrest that it emerged she was married — with even Maxwell’s supportive siblings later admitting they had no idea. However, Borgerson refused to discuss with the WSJ whether he and Maxwell had legally married. The Post first revealed in December, in the middle of Maxwell’s trial, that Borgeson had been spotted having affectionate outings in Manchester-by-the-Sea with Kris McGinn, a yoga enthusiast with “an ass that could crack open a walnut,” according to one admiring local. Later reports said that he had dumped Maxwell in a “confrontational” phone call while she was in solitary confinement. The real estate agents with the listing, Tracy Campion and Ryan Clunan, told the WSJ that they did not expect the shady history to affect interest in the sale. “We believe the beauty of the house and the location will surpass or outweigh the connection,” Mr. Clunan said, noting that a house on the same street sold for $20 million in 2020. Maxwell, who often socialized with disgraced UK royal Prince Andrew, was convicted at the end of last year of recruiting and grooming underage girls for years as Epstein’s madam. She faces up to 65 years in prison. However, she formally called for a retrial last month after it was revealed that a juror failed to disclose their childhood sexual abuse during jury selection. Epstein, 66, killed himself in his Manhattan lockup in August 2019 while awaiting trial on further serious sex charges. 