“The View” co-host Joy Behar has sparked outrage for an unbelievably tone-deaf remark on the show — where she complained that the war in Ukraine may disrupt her European vacation. The vocal 79-year-old stuck her foot firmly in her mouth when the panelists discussed the Russian invasion of Ukraine on Thursday’s show. Co-host Sonny Hostin was discussing the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine before Behar whined about her long-delayed travel plans to Italy amid the coronavirus pandemic. “Estimates are 50,000 Ukrainians will be dead or wounded and this is going to start a refugee crisis in Europe,” Hostin said, according to Fox News. “We’re talking about 5 million people that are going to be displaced. It’s heartbreaking to hear what is going to happen,” she added. Behar then said she was “scared” about what will happen in Western Europe during the crisis. “You know, you plan a trip. You want to go there. I want to go to Italy for four years and I haven’t been able to make it because of the pandemic,” she said.“And now this. It’s like, ‘What’s gonna happen there?’” she said, referring to the Russian invasion, which was closing in on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv Friday. Behar also called Russian strongman Vladimir Putin a “singular sensation in a certain sort of way.” Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. “I don’t know that he has that much support in his country … and maybe that has to be addressed because we’ve seen this movie before,” she said. Her getaway gripe sparked a swift backlash online. “Joy Behar is elitist trash,” author and comedian Tim Young said in a tweet. She “is the perfect liberal Karen… she doesnt [sic] care about people getting killed in Ukraine, just that this might interrupt her trips to Italy,” he added in another tweet. “War sucks and all, but what if Joy Behar can’t vacation to Italy? I mean Ukrainians should really stop getting selfishly blown up,” YouTuber Brandon Herrera wrote. Podcaster Liz Wheeler wrote: “I literally can’t believe Joy Behar said this.” Comedian Steve “Mudflap” McGrew wrote: “Joy Behar, F— these Ukraines! I wanted to go on vacation in Italy! I’m paraphrasing.” And user Joanne Mason said in a tweet: “God grant me the absolute confidence and egocentricity of Joy Behar complaining that a war ruined her vacation plans while the bombs are still literally dropping.” Behar’s bombshell gaffe comes on the heels of “The View” co-host Whoopi Goldberg’s controversial remarks about the Holocaust on-air last month. “The Holocaust isn’t about race. No, it’s not about race,” the Oscar winner said on the Jan. 31 episode. “It’s about man’s inhumanity to man.” Goldberg was suspended for two weeks for the comments, for which she apologized. “On today’s show, I said the Holocaust ‘is not about race, but about man’s inhumanity to man.’ I should have said it is about both,” she said in a tweet.