While there are certainly thousands of budget-friendly gifts on the market, one of the best parts about Valentine’s Day is getting the chance to spoil your loved ones with a splurge item they might never buy themselves. Whether you’re shopping for your girlfriend, wife, daughter, best friend or others, we’ve rounded up over 40 different gift options that any woman in your life is bound to enjoy on the annual day of love — and perhaps you’ll reap the benefits, too! Our list includes a present for every type of woman — whether she’d love a luxurious handbag from Yves Saint Laurent, a virtual cooking class with an International chef, or an Apple iWatch. Ahead find a wide variety of Valentine’s Day gifts for her from brands like Burberry, Casper, Chanel, David Yurman, Facebook and more. If she’s a fan of loungewear (who isn’t?) then you can’t go wrong with this ultra-comfy cashmere rib-knit cardigan. It comes in dozens of colors! This Janessa Leonè hat will not only protect your leading lady’s face from the sun but she’ll look fabulous too. If your loved one adores flowers, gift them the best of the best this Valentine’s Day: an arrangement from Venus Et Fleur. The brand is known for their gorgeous florals that last for 365 days or longer. Weighted blankets have become popular over the years for their anxiety-reducing effects. Research has shown that sleeping under weight brings a better sleep overall — leaving you feeling rested and revitalized. Others have said that weighted blankets have even helped decrease their anxiety and stress. This one created by Casper is extra special since it’s made of nothing but biodegradable tree fabric that is naturally cooling, perfect for hot sleepers. A high-end silk robe is another great gift. This one from Lunya is made of 100% silk, oversized, can be machine washed (but make sure to air dry) and comes in 10 different colors including white, blue, green, black and more. This fashionable Gucci watch will definitely put a smile on her face this Valentine’s Day. If the woman you’re shopping for takes her skincare routine seriously, we recommend gifting her a Foreo Luna 3 tool. The device lifts away dirt and oil within one minute and gives a targeted firming facial massage that leaves your skin looking younger and smoother. If she loves spending time in the kitchen and cooking all of her favorite recipes, consider gifting her a new set of cookware from Caraway. This set includes four non-stick pans that come in five different colors. The best part? The set is currently $100 off! Check out our standalone review on the brand for more information. If she loves having salon-level hair on the regular, then she’ll definitely appreciate this luxury Dyson AirWrap kit. Give the true gift of luxury this year: a relaxing day at the spa. AIRE Ancient Baths has locations all over the world including New York, Chicago, Copenhagen, Barcelona, London and more. This diamond link necklace from Gorjana is the perfect gift for the special woman in your life. It would look great layered with her other favorite necklaces or on its own in the spotlight. The Facebook Oculus Quest 2 goggles allow users to access VR (virtual reality) communities, play games and connect with their real-life friends through Facebook. You can’t go wrong with a classic David Yurman cable bracelet for Valentine’s Day. They come in a variety of different sizes and colors but we especially like the smaller size since it can easily be stacked with other pieces. Some prefer experiences, not more things. The MasterClass all-access pass is great for the man in your life who’s always eager to learn new things. They offer classes in a variety of different areas, including cooking, music, writing, sports, communication and more. The Portal Go by Facebook is a video calling device that allows you to connect with your friends and family through video chat (even if they don’t have a Portal themselves). It’s available in both white and black and has a 10-inch screen. Any fashionista would appreciate this beautiful Chloé Canvas Tote for a day out on the town in the spring or summer — or even a winter trip to Miami. If your gal hasn’t already cut the cord, consider buying them a pair of the new Apple AirPods Pro. They’re noise-canceling, can be customized to the size of their ear, connect easily to Bluetooth and have up to 4.5 hours of listening time. Have her cook around the world without even stepping foot outside of her house! The Chef & The Dish is a company that offers virtual (luxury) cooking classes with International chefs around the globe. Valentine’s Day is the perfect excuse to upgrade her luggage. Not only is the large-size suitcase from Away Luggage super-spacious and convenient, but the fancy aluminum exterior is extra unique as well. It’s durable enough to handle the hustle and bustle of baggage handlers and its 360-degree spinner wheels make it super easy to glide along any platform. For more information on the brand, check out our standalone review. Who wouldn’t want a classic Burberry scarf for Valentine’s Day? The brand’s signature check cashmere scarf is great because it keeps you extra toasty on those cold winter days and can easily be dressed up or down to go with whatever you feel like wearing that day. The new Apple Series 7 iWatch is a great gift for the woman who is always trying to make her health a priority. It can track fitness, sleep, blood oxygen and so much more. When in doubt, the luxurious woman in your life is bound to love a high-end perfume for Valentine’s Day. Chanel Chance is extremely well-loved and has a delicate floral-fruity fragrance that will add a dash of femininity wherever she goes. It’s available in a 1.7- and 3.4-ounce bottle. Help your special lady keep her teeth in tiptop shape in the new year with this Philips Sonicare DiamondClean Toothbrush that has over 2,500 positive reviews on Amazon and an impressive 4.6-star rating. Everyone should have a least one fancy watch in their collection. This beautiful Michele watch features diamonds, a mother-of-pearl face and a stainless steel band. Make sure he’s extra comfy in bed this winter with this luxurious sheet set from Brooklinen. It comes with one fitted sheet, one flat sheet and two pillowcases. You can choose between 13 different shades and colors and the sheets are available in twin, twin XL, full, queen, king and California king. If the woman in your life appreciates fashion, then she definitely won’t be disappointed when she opens these Stuart Weitzman black leather boots this Valentine’s Day. They’re made with leather and stretchy gabardine on the back plus a small, chunky block heel to give a bit more height. The Sony Noise-Canceling Headphones are a great option if they like more of an over-the-ear option. They’re an Amazon No. 1 bestseller and have over 27,000 positive reviews. These Sony headphones offer up to 30 hours of battery life and have a touch sensor to control pausing, playing and skipping various tracks. Spoil her with a fancy Breville Expresso coffee machine this year. This model can make almost every warm coffee beverage under the sun including cappuccinos, lattes, Americanos, mochas, espressos and macchiatos. It also comes with a milk frother and an internal grinder. If she’s obsessed with candles, she’s definitely had her eye on Anthropologie’s jumbo candle. Note: this will arrive after Valentine’s Day. She’ll totally love and appreciate this YSL black leather clutch for your next date night. An Apple TV HD is a great gift if they’re a big movie buff or enjoy spending their spare time binge-watching the latest shows. While there are many streaming devices on the market (for lower price points) the Apple TV has the most apps available of any streaming platform, including Netflix, Disney+, Hulu and more. Plus, if you’re an iPhone user, it enables AirPlay, which means you can wirelessly mirror your screen and share your content on the TV. Add a pop of color to her space with a fun and bright Assouline coffee table book. What’s better than a sleek, new water bottle? A water bottle that cleans itself! The Larq self-cleaning water bottle may be on the pricier side, but it’s worth it if it means one less item to clean in the sink. It uses UV-C LED light to eliminate up to 99.9% of bio-contaminants from your water and bottle. It’s available in both 17-ounce and 25-ounce sizes, and comes in two different colors. If she appreciates a glass of champagne now and then, consider gifting her this set of gorgeous flutes by Baccarat. Note: this will arrive after Valentine’s Day. If she’s really into fitness and can’t go to the gym as of late, have her bring a personal trainer right to her living room with Tempo. The at-home studio experience gives expert coaching on a variety of different exercises, offers dozens of classes and even comes with weights. These Tory Burch leather gloves will make an awesome addition to for your leading lady’s winter wardrobe this year. Any gal would be lucky to receive this trendy YSL hobo bag for Valentine’s Day. Add a little sass to her pajama collection with this fun option from SLEEPER that features feather trim. Calling all foodies! You can’t go wrong with this classy charcuterie kit from GoldBelly if she loves to eat yummy treats. It comes with a variety of different meats and spreads. If she considers herself a chef, she’ll be thrilled to receive a classic Le Creuset Dutch Oven for Valentine’s Day. For more gifting recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.