And just like that, the lines have been drawn in the sand. Sarah Jessica Parker has spoken out about her alleged feud with Kim Cattrall, admitting her former “Sex and the City” co-star is “absent” from her life. The 56-year-old made the candid confession during a sit-down with pal Andy Cohen on his talk show “Watch What Happens Live” on Monday night. Cattrall, 65, reportedly refused to revive her role as publicist Samantha Jones on the recent “SATC” reboot, “And Just Like That,” due to a falling out with Parker. Cohen said he was impressed with how “AJLT” handled Cattrall’s absence from the show — prompting Parker to respond. “The actress that played the role is no longer playing that role, but people aren’t absent from your life when you don’t want them to be,” Parker stated, refusing to address Cattrall by name. In the reboot Parker’s character, Carrie Bradshaw, has had a falling out with Samantha,  who lives abroad and only communicates via text message. “I thought it [the plot line] mimicked many friendships that challenge each other and struggle and want to remain connected in a way, because it’s too painful,” Parker stated. Cattrall has not directly spoken about why she chose not to join “AJLT,” however she has liked a series of shady tweets praising her decision not to appear. Back in 2018, Parker told The Post that she didn’t have a “disagreement” with Cattrall. “I’ve only ever expressed admiration and gratitude for everything she contributed — and I still feel that way,” she said. Elsewhere on Monday night’s episode of “Watch What Happens Live,” Parker revealed that she hasn’t watched beyond the second episode of “AJLT” — which has been panned by critics. “I’m going to make a confession to everybody,” she stated. “I have not seen episodes 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 yet. It’s my problem.” However, she did boast that she had watched the premiere episode of the show — in which her on-screen husband, Big (Chris Noth), suffers a heart attack while taking a Peloton class. Fans were perplexed when Parker’s character wasn’t seen calling 911 after finding her husband dying on the floor, with Parker addressing that controversy in her chat with Cohen. “Of course she called 911,” Parker declared. “Didn’t you see the people behind moving the body. It’s suspended animation, this moment where everything stops and then whatever collapsing of time that happens does not stop her from taking care of somebody, in a fashion that you would want and expect from your partner, or husband or wife.” Meanwhile, the actress did not confirm she had signed on to a second season of the show — however she hinted at the possibility while chatting about “SATC” star John Corbett. Corbett — who played love interest Aidan in the original series — previously joked that he would appear in “AJLT,” which never eventuated. But it now seems he may pop up in a possible second season. “He actually reached out very kindly, ’cause he’s nothing if not a gentleman, and apologized for doing that as a joke,” Parker stated. “Having said that, I think he would be well… I’m not gonna, I mean, yes, all of it’s possible. All of it’s possible.”