New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. The Champions League, NBA and NHL all are in full swing this week, so don’t miss out. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, ahead of an exciting week of sports. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  What better combination than a $1,000 risk free bet, and a premium lineup of sports action. After a weekend that saw NASCAR return, the NBA All-Star Game and plenty more, bettors are treated to another super week of sport. The Champions League continues, as Manchester United travel to Atletico Madrid in the pick of the games. Holders Chelsea host Lille in the first of their two-leg affair, and Benfica take on Ajax. After a thrilling All-Star game, the NBA returns on Thursday night, as the Nets take on the Celtics. The Knicks will have to wait until Saturday to return to the court, as they face the 76ers. The NHL season goes on, and the Islanders take to the ice on Tuesday, with a tough task ahead against the Seattle Kraken. The rival New York Rangers play on Thursday, hosting the Washington Capitals.    A fantastic way to earn yourself some excellent prizes, BetMGM Rewards is a world-class loyalty rewards program, which all users can get involved in. With every wager placed, BetMGM customers can now earn Rewards Points and MGM Rewards Tier Credits that unlock VIP benefits. From trips to MGM Resorts’ 20+ premier destinations, free bets, dining experiences and many more. Free to enter, and the more you wager, the more points you’ll earn.  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.