Two sisters have left people baffled after saying their two sons are brothers, cousins and twins. Brittany and Briana are identical twins who married identical twins Josh and Jeremy Salyers and then gave birth to babies within months of one another. They uploaded an Instagram post of their adorable sons Jett and Jax and said they are “Cousins, genetic brothers, and quaternary twins.” Many people took to the comments confused at how this was possible. One person explained: “Their mothers and fathers are identical twins. Both sets of parents then had kids. Same exact DNA created both.” Another added: “Identical twins share the same DNA and both sets of parents are identical.” “If this family took an ancestry DNA Test it would show these babies as siblings, not cousins!” Many people gushed over the boys and said they looked practically identical. Brittany and Briana met Josh and Jeremy at a festival for twins in 2017 and the Salyers blokes proposed six months later, following a whirlwind romance. They had a joint wedding on August 5, 2018, live in the same home in Virginia and are now expanding their families together. The couples broke the pregnancy news on their shared Instagram page, writing: “Guess what!!?? BOTH couples are pregnant!” The post continued: “We are thrilled and grateful to experience overlapping pregnancies and to share this news with you all!” “Our children will not only be cousins but full genetic siblings and quaternary multiples! Can’t wait to meet them and for them to meet each other!” Previously, the pregnant women shared a sweet snap of them both posing in identical pink and blue dresses to mark the gender reveal. They wrote: “Make it pink! Make it blue!” before announcing Brittany & Josh are having a boy and that Briana & Jeremy are still waiting to find out.” While the shared pregnancy might come as a shock to many, the sisters told Australia’s Today show their plans to fall pregnant at the same time. When asked if they would be scheduling their love making sessions to pull it off, Brianna admitted: “Ideally the timing will have to be really good.” “I think there’s just something we would love to experience together,’ Brittany said. “We have experienced most milestones of our lives together, birthdays, getting your driver’s license, graduations, and our double wedding. “This would be the next huge event, and we’d love to experience it together, and ideally we will.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.