A brisk walk each day could slash your risk of developing dementia by a third, a new study has claimed. Keeping fit into middle age might be the key to staving off Alzheimer’s. Research at Washing VA Medical Center found people who kept up a decent level of fitness were 33 percent less likely to develop the disease. Even just a half-an-hour walk five days a week, or a 15-minute walk daily could be enough to slash the risk. Study author Dr. Edward Zamrini said: “One exciting finding of this study is that as people’s fitness improved, their risk of Alzheimer’s disease decreased – it was not an all-or-nothing proposition. “So people can work toward making incremental changes and improvements in their physical fitness and hopefully that will be associated with a related decrease in their risk of Alzheimer’s years later. “The idea that you can reduce your risk for Alzheimer’s disease by simply increasing your activity is very promising, especially since there are no adequate treatments to prevent or stop the progression of the disease. “We hope to develop a simple scale that can be individualized so people can see the benefits that even incremental improvements in fitness can deliver.” The study involved 649,605 military vets with an average of 61. None of them had Alzheimer’s disease when they began the study. The group was followed for nine years, after being divided into five groups based on their fitness. Fitness levels were decided depending on how well participants did on a treadmill test. For people who are middle-aged and older, the highest level of fitness can be achieved by walking briskly most days of the week, for two-and-a-half hours or more per week. The group with the lowest level of fitness developed Alzheimer’s at a rate of 9.5 cases per 1,000 person-years, compared to 6.4 cases per 1,000 person-years for the most fit group. Person-years take into account the number of people in a study as well as the amount of time spent in the study. The findings will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology’s 74th Annual Meeting in Seattle. Dementia is a general term used to describe the deterioration of a person’s mental ability. It is an umbrella term, as there are many different types of the condition. One of those is Alzheimer’s – which is the most common form of dementia. It accounts for 60-80 percent of dementia cases, which is why the names may sometimes be used interchangeably. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.