SUNY Binghamton officials have rebuked a professor who said white students should clam up in class and let others lead academic discussions. A syllabus for Ana Maria Candela’s sociology class alerted students that she would be calling on non-white coeds first. Candela wrote that “if you are white, male, or someone privileged by the racial and gender structures of our society to have your voice easily voiced and heard, we will often ask you to hold off on your questions or comments to give others priority and will come back to you a bit later or at another time.” Student Sean Harrigan shone a light on the pigment-specific pedagogy after he filed a Title IX discrimination complaint to the school. Harrigan told The Post Monday that Binghamton officials scrambled to revise the syllabus and later insisted that they opposed the practice. “How am I supposed to get a full participation grade if I’m not called on because of the way I was born?” Harrigan, an economics major, said Monday. A school spokesperson said that they cleansed Candela’s syllabus of the offending phrases. “The faculty member has updated their syllabus, removing the section in question, and is now in compliance with the Faculty Staff Handbook,” the school stated. Dubbed “progressive stacking,” Candela’s policy aimed to “give priority to non-white folks, to women, and to shy and quiet people who rarely raise their hands,” the syllabus read. Candela extolled the strategy in the first draft of her syllabus, telling students that it yields “tremendous benefits for our society.” Over time, the academic said, “those who feel most privileged to speak begin to take the initiative to hold space for others who feel less comfortable speaking first, while those who tend to be more silenced in our society grow more comfortable speaking.” Harrigan said that Candela also routinely equates capitalism to slavery during lectures. “This is just the tip of the iceberg,” he said. “The sociology department scares me.” Harrigan said a professor in another class on “nonviolent compassionate communication” — also being offered through Binghamton’s rhetoric department — strongly encouraged him against choosing America as an example of a compassionate nation. The student said campus opinion is generally split on progressive curricular trends — with some embracing them and others bristling. Binghamton appears to have removed Candela’s bio from its website. “The Faculty Staff Handbook outlines principles of effective teaching, which include valuing and encouraging student feedback, encouraging appropriate faculty-student interaction, and respecting the diverse talents and learning styles of students,” the school said. Candela’s syllabus “clearly violates those principles,” a school official said.