It sure looks like Troye Sivan has it all, but he’s waiting for love to bloom. “I need a lover to keep me sane,” he pleaded in his latest wistful power ballad “Angel Baby,” released just last fall. Yet the forlorn Australian is still missing a love connection, even as Valentine’s Day beckoned just last week. “I do not have an ‘Angel Baby’ love,” the pop crooner told The Post when asked about his dating status in a recent interview. “No, unfortunately not.” As if the 26-year-old multi-hyphenate would have time for a boyfriend anyway with his career soaring right now. He stars in the new coming-of-age film “Three Months,” which premieres on Paramount+ on Wednesday, Feb. 23, and Sivan is currently in Los Angeles filming a lead role in “The Idol,” an upcoming HBO music-industry drama starring and co-created by The Weeknd. Plus, the “Bloom” singer recently modeled in a Valentine-ready ad campaign for Beyoncé’s sizzling Adidas x Ivy Park collection. All that from a kid who, in 2014 at age 19, was named one of the 25 most influential teens by Time magazine and who declared in a 2018 Billboard interview, “All of my dreams have come true by 22.” So what could the future hold for the icy-blue-eyed “The Good Side” singer? “It’s weird because it feels like what keeps happening is I reach a certain point, and you think that’s kind of, like, the final destination — but then it opens a door to a whole new sort of world of things that sound interesting to me or cool opportunities,” Sivan told The Post. His latest “cool” opportunity, “Three Months,” follows a Florida teen named Caleb (Sivan) who ponders life in 2011 — and the possibilities of love — after he hooks up with someone who has HIV. Caleb must then endure a grueling three-month wait to find out whether he himself has tested positive. “I can relate to a lot of Caleb,” said Sivan, who, like his character, is both gay and Jewish. “There’s a lot of experience that I think he goes through that I can really, really sympathize and empathize with.” Part of that includes recognizing the importance of talking about both sex and HIV/AIDS — especially in politically divisive times when so-called “don’t say gay” bills and more are snaking through legislatures. “You know, I never learned at school about how to have safe sex. I never had anyone in my life tell me about PrEP until, you know, a couple of years ago when me and some friends were talking and then I went and saw my doctor about it,” he said of the HIV prevention medication. “There’s a lot of these conversations that just don’t happen in the open, I think, because of this sort of like leftover stigma and shame. And so doing away with that and kind of, like, bringing these conversations up, I’m hoping that people will watch the movie and just start talking.” The semi-autobiographical movie — written, executive-produced and directed by Jared Frieder — also stars some pretty big names, including Oscar winners Ellen Burstyn (“The Exorcist”), 89, and Louis Gossett Jr. (“Watchmen,” “An Officer and a Gentleman”), 85, both of whom Sivan said are “just incredible at what they do” and he’s “so in awe of.” Sivan — who on Monday revealed on social media that he tested positive for COVID-19 — has come a long way on film himself since making his big-screen debut in 2009’s “X-Men Origins: Wolverine.” Since then he also appeared in the 2018 LGBTQ-themed movie “Boy Erased,” co-starring Lucas Hedges, Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe and for which Sivan received a Golden Globe nomination for Original Song for “Revelation,” which was used in the movie. But even with his new thespian surge taking up much of his time, the lithe lyricist — who channeled his bouncy inner Elvis with a swivel-hipped rendition of his hit “My My My!” on “Saturday Night Live” in 2018 — is still keeping music close to his heart. To that end, Sivan actually pulls double-duty for “Three Months,” which features a couple of songs by him, including the recently-released “Trouble,” a collaboration with Jay Som. Plus, fans will be happy to hear that he has plans for a new album — hopefully soon. “I am working on one. It’s sort of got derailed a little bit by the filming schedule, but it’s 100 percent my intention to keep working on it as soon as I get some time,” he said. “I can’t wait to like, hunker down and do it. I think it’ll be a nice pace change again, you know, to go from shooting the show to making music again.” When pressed on whether the record could drop in 2022, he responded, “I think so. I would like to think so — yeah.” Meanwhile, Sivan — who in 2018 opened up to The Post about having “fantasies” and “daydreams” about his life many decades from now — is still dreaming big and ready to embrace the unexpected. “I could never, ever, ever have predicted that I would be, you know, the lead in a movie in America or would be on this HBO show or that I’d be making my third album,” he now told The Post. “With each of these things, it leads to me just being, like, so inspired and excited by life that I really have no idea what’s next. But I’m kind of okay with that.” As for when Sivan’s still-unsolved singledom might come to an end — he said that remains a mystery, too. “I have no idea,” said Sivan, who dated model Jacob Bixenman for about four years until they split in 2020. “You tell me.”