Aloe-lujah for fake plants! If you’re impeccably great at keeping your little green friends alive, kudos to ya. Unfortunately, that’s not the case for all of us. Don’t fret, you can still enjoy easy, breezy greenery inside your home with impressively real-looking faux plants. From hanging plants to big and small plants, Amazon has it all. You can stock up on mini succulents or decorate your shelf with this cascading ivy. Best of all, you don’t have to worry about watering, feeding or pruning your plant, because, well — it’s fake! So go ahead and fool all of your green-thumbed friends with the 25 best fake plants currently on Amazon. We know it’s hard to beleaf this plant is fake, but it is! Simply place it wherever your heart desires and bend the moveable stems to make it your own. Potted in marble-inspired holders and touched with pink, these mini succulents are vivid in color and fashionable. Add life to your bedroom, kitchen and beyond with these three hanging plants. They effortlessly drape down decorating your walls and high ceilings. These two faux plants are small enough to place virtually anywhere but big enough to make a statement. Plus, the concrete style bases add an extra design element. Say goodbye to finding the perfect amount of sunlight, watering just the right amount and riding of dead leaves with this artificial fiddle leaf plant. It stands tall, while the woven basket adds style. If your space leans more to the side of luxury and allure, these are the plants for you. They’re delicate, chic and bound to make your space look amazing. This may be the most convincing artificial plant yet. The leaves stand tall, while they’re rooted in a mossy base and charcoal gray pot. Fit in with the times and invest in a trendy fiddle leaf plant. This one can be placed on a coffee table, shelf or bedside table for the ultimate decor. Adorn your home with these delicate flower bouquets. Full of baby’s breath and soft colors, it’s sure to add the right amount of detail. Add some texture and a bohemian style to your space with these hanging plants. The pack features artificial eucalyptus, rosemary and maple leaf plants and three hand-woven hangers. Potted in a white base, this five foot palm makes a great housewarming gift or keeper. Bend the palms to your liking and never have to worry about watering. We can’t get enough of how cute these are either! With white and pink painted porcelain  and small sprouting succulents, this three pack is ideal for any room or shelf. Spruce up your space with this large hanging ivy plant. It sits in a woven basket while never attracting the insects live plants often do. This pretty pink hydrangea bouquet adds the perfect touch to your counter or shelf. Various color options are also available. Monstera Deliciosas are known for their easy care and handling. Though, they can still be difficult to keep alive. Thankfully, this large Monstera Deliciosa requires no care at all. Enjoy a handmade plant hanger and beautiful artificial eucalyptus. Simply order, recieve and hang. No care needed. Gorgeous upon an office desk or bedside table, these artificial succulents are enclosed in gold globes, teardrops and bowls. Each one also features small white pebbles for further detail. This high quality succulents is placed within an etched ceramic pot featuring grey and white color blocking. It’s sure to add sheer elegance to your home. There’s nothing better than liven up a space with greenery. This faux eucalyptus can be placed in the bathroom for a fresh feel or your kitchen as soft decor. This six foot artificial areca plant is great for both indoors and outdoors. Our favorite way to style it is in a bright corner. Enjoy a twist on the classic hanging plant. This string of pearls falls effortlessly against the round, wood planter. String these ivy vines along your headboard or use them as decor for your next event. No matter what you choose, they are sure to make a beautiful statement. Enjoy gorgeous color with this purple dry plant potted in a blue holder. It’s great for countertops, mantels and more. Who said the fake plants needed to stay indoors? Take them outside and decorate your garden with ease. Reviewers also can’t get enough of how real these artificial flowers look. Complete your farmhouse-inspired decor with this soft-colored rosemary plant. The barrel pot and tweed detailing makes it all the better. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.