If you’ve been wondering what a jade roller is and what the heck a gua sha is used for, you’re not alone. Not only are these two popular skincare tools popping up everywhere, but they are also quickly picking up steam across retailers. This is because both jade rollers and gua sha tools help facilitate lymphatic drainage — which basically means they help get rid of face bloat. Yes, please! To help you better understand what jade rollers and gua sha tools are and each of their benefits, we spoke to leading board-certified dermatologist Marisa K. Garshick, MD, FAAD, who specializes in both medical dermatology and cosmetic surgery. Along with pro tips and tricks, Garshick also shares the best jade rollers and gua sha tools available for purchase. Keep reading to dive right in, or select an option below to go to a specific section. “[It] is a stone rolling device that is made out of jade,” Garshick told The Post, which is a mineral that usually appears in natural green hues. Garshick continued to explain that jade is thought to have healing properties and can “help to reduce inflammation and soothe the skin.” Due to jade rollers using earth’s natural healing properties, Garshick continued by further explaining the benefits of the tool. “Jade rollers are a way to provide a form of facial massage which may help to improve lymphatic drainage making the face appear less puffy,” she said. “The applicator is cooling on the skin which helps to reduce puffiness as it causes the blood vessels to constrict and the pressure of the jade roller helps to push fluid away.” Additionally, as the jade roller glides across the skin, it boosts circulation making the skin appear brighter and more radiant. While jade rollers don’t replace neuromodulators, filler injections, lasers or a proper skincare routine, Garshick says they can be used in conjunction to provide temporary benefits. Using a jade roller is fairly simple, as it can be used at any stage in your skincare routine. Garshick explained that it can even be used on dry, clean skin, on top of skincare products to help boost penetration or as a mid-day pick me up. “In general, light pressure is often sufficient,” Garshick said when explaining how to use the tool. “Be sure to roll it back and forth so it glides and not rubs.” Note: Garshick warns to use the tool with caution, especially around the under eyes, as that skin can be delicate and easily irritated. While jade rollers can provide excellent results, it’s vital to regularly clean your tool. “It is important to clean the roller at least one to two times per week, especially if using regularly, or unless visibly dirty as a result of applying in conjunction with any other products,” Garshick shared. To properly clean the tool, Garshick says soap and water or rubbing alcohol will do the trick. “This roller works to improve lymphatic drainage and improve overall circulation leaving the skin looking radiant and glowing,” shared Garshick. “It can be used in conjunction with a facial oil to help boost absorption.” We also l love it because it helps reduce wrinkles while metaphysically bringing peace and harmony. “This comes with two rollers — one that is a good size for the face and one specific for the more delicate eye area,” Garshick shared with The Post. “[It] can help to reduce puffiness of the face and in the under eye area.” This Skin Gym pick also helps relieve built-up tension while remaining cool to the touch until it adheres to your body’s natural temperature. Garshick loves this jade roller, as it’s “a great option for someone who is looking for an affordable way to see if they want to incorporate jade rolling.” Real jade stone is used in the product while bringing the same benefits that you know and love to the skin. Gua sha, also known as kerokan, means to literally scrape the skin “in order to produce light petechiae,” Garshick told the New York Post. The practice is also a traditional form of Chinese Medicine and is used to “encourage healing, promote lymphatic drainage and stimulate circulation,” Garshick continued. Along with aiding in circulation, reducing puffiness and lymphatic drainage, Gua Sha can also brighten the complexion. Garshick even reports being able to notice immediate sculpting results after use. Although, Garshick notes that Gua Sha “is not a replacement for injectable treatments,” but should be used “in conjunction with in-office procedures” and  “your normal skincare routine.” To best utilize a Gua Sha tool, Garshick recommends using it once per week after your skincare routine is complete, as this added step will help boost the penetration of your skincare products. Depending on tolerability, Gua Sha tools can also be used two to three times per week. To use, “apply gentle pressure and glide in the direction of lymphatic drainage, which helps to mobilize fluid and reduce puffiness,” said Garshick. “It is best to apply a serum or face oil to allow the tool to slide” either up, which provides lift, or down, which provides drainage. Although, Garshick cautions those with sensitive skin, as “applying too much pressure can lead to potential irritation of the skin,” such as bruising, soreness or the risk of broken capillaries. To successfully clean your Gua Sha tool, Garshick recommends using soap and water or rubbing alcohol unless otherwise specified. This should be done once per week unless visibly dirty. “This rose quartz Gua Sha tool can be used by those with all skin types and can help to boost penetration of facial oils and reduce the overall appearance of puffiness of the skin,” Garshick told The Post. She also recommends storing the tool in the fridge to provide cooling benefits and pairing it alongside the Herbivore phoenix reship anti-aging face oil ($88). “Made of Nephrite Jade, this patented tool was designed by an acupuncturist and expert in facial Gua Sha,” Garshick said. “It offers different shapes and textures to help provide benefits to all the areas of the face.” The stone use is also known as “He Tian” Jade, and is valued in China for its healing properties. Garshick loves this tool’s shape, as it “makes it easy to hold and manipulate when gliding across the face.” It is also formulated with xiyuan jade to help soothe and calm the skin while providing the benefits of traditional Gua Sha techniques. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.