A brazen but goofy Florida shoplifter was caught on video awkwardly stealing a crossbow by stuffing it down his pants. Darren Durrant could be seen on security footage in the aisle of a True Value store in Mims on Feb. 6 trying to stuff the large Ravin Rio bow in the front of his sweatpants, which barely hold around his hips and do little to hide the bulge. The handle of the crossbow is visible poking out of the waistband as the shoplifter makes his getaway, the video shows. Brevard County Sheriff Wayne Ivey called the alleged thief “one of the world’s dumbest criminals” in a social media post. Store workers had noticed two of the bows had been stolen and checked surveillance footage and saw a man steal a pair of cutting tools off a shelf, then cut zip ties off a crossbow, Ivey said. The video shared on social media shows the man identified as Durrant walking around the corner from where the crossbows were displayed, with the bow in one hand — and a prop crutch in the other. The thief casually rests the single crutch against a shelf as he puts the bow in his pants and barely conceals it with his jacket, the video shows. He then picks up the crutch and limps away with the bow, which lists for sale $1,299 and up depending on the specific model. Durrant was found in the parking lot of a nearby Walgreens by a sheriff’s deputy days later, Ivey said. “Believe it or not, Durrant actually fled on foot when he observed Deputy Lindo although as you might imagine after seeing the video, he didn’t get very far!!,” the sheriff wrote. Durrant, who had two prior felony theft convictions, was being held in the Seminole County Jail on an unrelated burglary charge, according to the sheriff’s office. He’ll then face felony charges in Brevard County for the crossbow theft. “You just can’t make this stuff up,” Durrant said. The strange shoplifting case comes months after Canadian police released footage of a shoplifter stuffing an $8,000 guitar down his pants just feet away from another customer in a music store outside of Toronto.