New York City FC opens the 2022 season against the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday with a far brighter outlook than one year prior. Past penalty failures were avenged in last year’s playoffs on two occasions, and a roster which coach Ronny Deila complained about in the spring is now a reigning champion teeming with young talent. However, that title-winning crew is not completely the same, with further changes possible as the season gets underway. Here are some question marks facing the squad as the season begins. NYCFC ended the regular season with a Golden Boot winner in Taty Castellanos, while Jesus Medina finished second on the team with nine goals. Medina is now with CSKA Moscow, and there’s a very real chance Castellanos is sold abroad this summer. Even the team’s third-highest scorer from last regular season, Ismael Tajouri-Shradi, is now with LAFC. Castellanos can be counted on to produce before any potential move, but things get dicier when he’s gone. Young attackers Santi Rodriguez, Thiago Andrade and Talles Magno can all be expected to chip in with some goals in their second seasons with the club, and the latter has moonlighted as a striker already. But if NYCFC wants another title win — especially if Castellanos is moved — they’ll need their 2019 top scorer to return to form. “Heber’s been a guy — whether he was injured or healthy — he’s always been a shining light in our locker room,” captain Sean Johnson said Thursday. “He’s always bringing good energy. He’s a quality player.” After leading the line with 15 goals in his first MLS season, Heber’s ACL injury has led to a couple of forgettable campaigns. He has one goal in the last two seasons (zero last year), in which he’s made just 11 regular season starts. Ronny Deila had the benefit of easing Heber back in last season, but with top clubs swarming for Castellanos, the Brazilian may soon be needed back at top shape. James Sands’ departure to Rangers on loan was a massive advertisement for NYCFC’s academy, and more broadly, MLS’ ability to develop players. Unfortunately for the champions, it also leaves a big hole in midfield. Sands was a stalwart in defensive midfield for the club, and despite being increasingly used in defense over the last season, he played in midfield during the playoffs when it counted. The 21-year-old will be tough to replace, but luckily for Deila, the club already got a peek  at life without Sands in midfield last season. Alfredo Morales and Keaton Parks often worked as a midfield duo last year, and they’re a good bet to continue that partnership once Parks has full fitness back following a surgery for a blood clot in his leg. Still, Deila will need to rotate with the club now participating in the CONCACAF Champions League; Sands’ departure will force other guys up the pecking order. Nico Acevedo has started both Champions League games so far against Santos de Guapiles, and the oft-injured but talented Gedion Zelalem got a rare start in the first leg. Sporting Director David Lee also said Thursday that the club is hoping to make a couple more signings before the transfer window closes. “I think we’re well prepared,” Lee said. ”I think we have a lot of belief in our roster. We’ve managed to keep some important players.” Deila will have options to rejig his midfield — they just won’t include Sands. NYCFC’s defense will also start the season without some key contributors from last season. The list of departed players includes playoff super-sub Gudmundur Thórarinssonm, who is no longer with the club, but also, more importantly, right back Anton Tinnerholm, who remains out after an Achilles tear before last season’s playoffs. Though Tayvon Gray filled in admirably for him during the team’s title run, Tinnerholm’s absence may be strongly felt over a larger stretch of games. The Swede has been a constant attacking outlet for NYCFC during his time in MLS with nine goals and 19 assists in the regular season. Gray, 19, largely excelled in last season’s cagey postseason matches, but with just three career regular season starts, it’s unclear how equipped he is to NYCFC’s more expansive style of play. Tinnerholm, when healthy, is instrumental to how NYCFC attack. Gray has big shoes to fill until he returns.