A veteran FDNY firefighter was arrested after allegedly buying an assault weapon, ammunition and “ghost gun” parts in Philadelphia, then bringing them into NYC, The Post has learned. Aaron B. Martin, 49, who works for FDNY’s elite Rescue 4 in Queens, was hit with multiple charges, including felony possession of an assault weapon, records show. Stemming from a crackdown on illegal guns flowing into the city, Martin’s Feb. 13 arrest was part of a multi-agency firearms trafficking investigation involving the Queens District Attorney’s office and the State Police. A surveillance team tailed Martin to the “Oaks Extravaganza” gun show at the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center on Feb. 13, according to a criminal complaint filed by the Queens District Attorney’s office. They watched as Martin allegedly paid cash for two “Polymer80 firearm receivers”  — parts that can be used to make “ghost guns,” which don’t have serial numbers and can’t be traced. From another vendor at the show, Martin bought two “high-capacity magazines” capable of holding more than 10 rounds of ammunition, the complaint states. Martin then went to a third vendor and purchased a Sipahi semi-automatic 12-gauge assault shotgun in a carrying case covered with an American flag pattern, prosecutors contend in court papers. The surveillance team followed Martin’s black Ford Excursion from Oaks, Pa. into New York via Interstate 95. He was pulled over on the Belt Parkway in Howard Beach and  arrested. Martin admitted he had attended a gun show that day and purchased a shotgun, and was on his way home, according to the complaint. He denied possession of any other firearms or gun components. Police seized the weapons and parts from Martin’s car, along with brass knuckles, the document states. Martin does not hold a firearm license or license to deal in firearms or ammunition, it adds. Martin. who made $156,539 with overtime last year, also serves as a chief on the Roosevelt, L.I.,  volunteer fire department. On the JoinFDNY website, Martin is quoted as saying, “I love being a Firefighter because there’s never a dull moment and there’s always a new challenging emergency. … I think it’s an honor that kids look up to us. I’m also honored to be representing young black men and to be able to show them that there are no limits on this job and if they work hard in life, they can work here too.” Martin could not be reached for comment. His lawyer, Robert Gallo, did not return a message. The FDNY said Martin was suspended without pay for 28 days after his arrest.