Regarding the Rangers, whose game has included way too many lulls in the action following their two-week hiatus, and don’t allow that 2-0-1 record against Boston, Detroit and Ottawa fool you. 1. It is more than a small problem when Igor Shesterkin has a real-life higher xGF per 60:00 than about half of the club’s forwards, wouldn’t you agree? The bottom six have come to a grinding halt. The bottom six have also all but halted grinding, though they are not alone in their culpability in this department. The club’s forecheck game has evaporated. There is rarely possession below the hash marks or containment. The Blueshirts are back to being a one (or none)-and-done team in the offensive zone. Their ineffective dump-and-chase game leads to easy exits followed by easy entries at the other end. This is not at all representative of the playoff-style game encouraged by head coach Gerard Gallant. The third line has been a dog’s breakfast since the first puck was dropped at training camp. It needs to be entirely reconstructed and reimagined. If this is not the time, it must become a priority over the summer. The third line has become a repository for guys who don’t fit into the top six. It has no identity. If it is supposed to be a third scoring line, something has been lost in translation. The unit has accounted for a total of 10 goals this season. Among its current members, Dryden Hunt has not scored in his past 24 games; Filip Chytil has two goals in his past 19 contests; and Julien Gauthier has one goal in his past 17. When Kaapo Kakko returns in another month, give or take, the likelihood is that either he or Alexis Lafreniere will join that unit. As if that has worked out well in the past for either of the Lottery Kids. 2. You know who the Rangers could use? You know who the Rangers could have used for at least five years? A player just like Cal Clutterbuck. There’s a player just like Clutterbuck who will become available at the deadline. It is, of course, Clutterbuck himself. Mind you, I recognize that I’m all but certainly taking you on a stroll through Fantasyland here. Lou Lamoriello never made one trade with the Rangers in 28 years as general manager of the Devils. He has not pulled one off with the Blueshirts in his four seasons running the Islanders. To suggest that he would send a missing piece across the East River to Manhattan is probably Looney Tunes. Plus, the transition from being a significant, longtime Islander to becoming an important Ranger overnight would be extremely challenging. I’m not sure it is fair to either party to expect a transfer of loyalties so stark without even an offseason to process it. Maybe the concept of consorting with the historical enemy makes this a silly proposition. But if not, if it could somehow be determined that Clutterbuck could be the exception, then the Rangers would have their third-line identity and third-line heartbeat. Of course there would probably be a premium cost attached to such a transaction if Lamoriello would even broker it. As a rental property, Clutterbuck would not be worth Nils Lundkvist or Zac Jones in return. Vitali Kravtsov likely isn’t Lamoriello’s cup of herbal tea. We would be talking in terms of draft-pick currency for No. 15, who has been an Islander for nine years. The Islanders, built to win this year before the erector set popped a few screws and bolts, don’t have their own second-rounder or a fourth-round selection this year. The Rangers have a pair of selections in each round, their own plus the Blues’ second and their own plus the Jets’ fourth. Maybe business can be transacted under that scope. Why would Lamoriello want to help the Rangers? Well, why wouldn’t he consider it if such a move would help the Islanders in the future? One of Lamoriello’s key precepts is, “Doing the right thing for the right reason.” Refusing to engage the Rangers just because of the rivalry would be doing the wrong thing for the wrong reason. OK, the day pass to Fantasyland has expired. And the Rangers still need to remake that third line. 3. Yes, I know. Artemi Panarin, who lasered home the winner in Ottawa on Sunday, has recorded 19 points (4-15) over his past 12 matches. Who wouldn’t take that? But I don’t think he’s been at the top of his game for a while. He seems more hesitant, less sharp, less reliant on his instincts, and less able to create space for himself. What surprised me on that two-on-one late in the first period of last Thursday’s game against Detroit isn’t that Panarin eschewed a shot in order to feed Barclay Goodrow, but that the pass was broken up by Filip Hronek and did not get through. Believe me, I am not harping on Panarin, who is so much a creature of confidence. It is just that the club is so dependent upon No. 10 (and Mika Zibanejad, Chris Kreider and Ryan Strome) that B or even B-plus isn’t good enough from him. 4. Do you know the byproduct of not having the puck in the offensive zone? That would be the sum of four man-advantages over the past three games. That is not nearly enough for a team that has the third-best power-play mark in the NHL at 26.6 percent while ranked 24th at five-on-five production. 5. Not sure which is more frustrating, that Morgan Barron hasn’t been able to make enough of an impression on Gallant to merit a longer look on the bottom six or that the coach has not granted No. 47 more of an opportunity to do so. There’s just a little bit too much Greg McKegg in the lineup. 6. The Rangers are ranked 31st in shots per 60:00, ahead of only Arizona. Of the 10 lowest-ranked teams in that category, the other nine are on the outside looking in on the playoffs.