He brewed up a major crapstorm. A New York City brewery owner sparked outrage online after comparing COVID-19 vaccine mandates to the draconian policies of Nazi Germany and the segregation-era South. However, he thinks the reaction was overblown. “Everyone should have a basic human right what they decide to put in their own body,” Josh Stylman, 48, CEO of the popular Threes Brewing, told The Post. He was speaking out against the citywide coronavirus jab policies, which include requiring restaurant and bar patrons to present proof that they’ve been fully vaccinated prior to entry. The controversy began brewing on Feb. 14 after the beer boss tweeted that “vaccine mandates are a crime against humanity” and “if you are not speaking out against them, you are a conspirator.” In a follow-up tweet, Stylman compared the policies to “early sentiments expressed in the Jim Crow South, Nazi Germany, Stalinism, Maoism, and other dark times in human history.” Needless to say, many internet viewers were hopping mad over the statements, with several even threatening to “stop buying Threes Brewing.” However, the restaurateur, who says he’s “pro-vaccine” but “anti-mandate,” said he felt that his statements were taken out of context. “I’m not deluded enough to think it [the vaccine mandate] is like 1943 Germany,” Stylman, who said his grandparents were concentration camp survivors, told The Post. However, the brewer says he does see the parallels with regard “to banishment from public life,” adding, “I’ve heard this from my family.” Stylman explained, “The press went along with it and doctors went along with it. Right now, we’re seeing some of this similar otherism without an honest conversation about the vaccine.” “I have not heard a coherent argument on why this is not discriminatory,” he added. The hops honcho claimed the vax mandate is especially problematic as the vaccines do not “prevent transmission.” According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a growing body of research shows that the vaccines are effective at preventing severe illness, hospitalization and death. In other words, although the vaccinated can transmit the disease, immunization has been proven to curb the disease’s complications once contracted. “The only defensible position for not allowing someone to participate in public life would be if the vaccines stopped the spread and contagion — something we were assured it would do when they were released,” said Stylman, who has reportedly gotten two of three COVID jabs. “It’s more of a personal risk assessment.” The CDC also notes that unvaxxed people are more likely to contract and therefore spread the coronavirus. On Thursday, Threes Brewing employees released a joint statement denouncing their boss’s comments. “We do not stand by our CEO Joshua Stylman’s comparisons of the mandate to historic atrocities based on religion or race,” wrote the workers in the message posted to Twitter. “We think the comparisons are inappropriate and inaccurate.” They added that they would continue to comply with vaccine mandates, and even listed the ways in which they’d adhered before, which included refusing to reopen until all employees had gotten the jab. Stylman, for one, says he had no problem with their comments. “I appreciate their right to do that, and I fully support it but we’re not all on the same page ’cause we’re individual people with different views,” the bar owner told The Post. “I’m speaking as an individual and a concerned parent, these are not the views of Threes Brewery.” And while feeling “terrible for having pulled them into a mess, I see a real concern for the future of humanity,” he said. Stylman has since pledged to open a dialogue with his critics, most notably Lincoln Restler, a city council member from Brooklyn. The politician had reportedly planned on hosting an event at Threes, but said he’d be selecting a different venue in light of Stylman’s remarks. “I’m deeply disappointed that the co-owner and managing partner would spread lies and wildly inaccurate information that undermined the health of our community,” Restler told the New York Times. “Vaccines save lives.” Stylman isn’t the first New York City restaurant owner to disavow the vaccine mandates. After the policy went into effect this past December, Brooklyn Dumpling Shop owner Stratis Morfogen uploaded an Instagram post in which the restaurateur dared ex-Mayor Bill de Blasio to “come and arrest me.” “Not going to follow your mandate on threatening my family of employees to get the jab or lose your job!” he fumed.