Chris Chelios and Zdeno Chara are both superstitious, so neither reached out to each other until Wednesday, after the Islanders’ Chara had tied Chelios’ NHL record for the most career games played as a defenseman. The two didn’t cross paths much when they were both in the NHL. Chelios, who played in the league from 1984-2010, recalled the one time he tried to hit the 6-foot-9 Chara “was like running into a brick wall.” They spoke for 15-20 minutes Wednesday, with Chelios conveying his respect. Chara, in turn, offered to fly Chelios and his wife to San Jose, Calif., for the Islanders-Sharks game Thursday, in which Chara will play his 1,652nd game and become the all-time leader among defensemen. Chelios had to decline since he’ll be working in the studio for ESPN, but may try to make it to Long Island for a game if the Islanders hold a ceremony for Chara at some point this season. “He’s just a class act,” Chelios told The Post of Chara. “He has been his whole career. It’s a good thing he wasn’t a real mean guy — he could do a lot of damage out there.” That encapsulates much of why, at 44, Chara is still a respected figure on the Islanders and throughout the league. Though he’s not the player he was a decade ago, Chara has achieved an almost unparalleled longevity in a career that has spanned 24 seasons, thanks to a willingness to keep his head down and work, always putting the team first. Ahead of the milestone, Chara declined to talk to the media. According to teammates, he didn’t say anything about the record internally either. It’s the same quality that leads him to always refer to Barry Trotz as “coach,” even when the Islanders’ boss has told him he can go with Barry, or to carry other players’ bags when they’re left out for a trainer. “If you’re a young player and you’re watching that, you’ve gotta take notice,” Trotz said recently. “He’s a total professional.” That won’t show up in Chara’s numbers or even on the ice. But Trotz and the rest of the Islanders agree how much of a difference it makes in their room. It took all of a week before Mathew Barzal noticed Chara’s work ethic this season. When he went into the gym on off days, he’d see Chara already having started a workout. When he left, Chara would still be going. “I was like, ‘Oh my god, this guy has a crazy engine,’ ” Barzal said. “He doesn’t cut any corners,” Trotz said. “I mean, there is no corners cut. Doesn’t take a day off unless I force him to take a day off.” Earlier in his career, Patrice Bergeron noticed the same. “The way he takes care of his body on and off the ice, he just wants to work on his weaknesses and make it a strength,” Bergeron said. “To me it’s again, his will. His will to be at his best and push his limits. Bergeron said Chara never made it explicit how long he wanted to play, but it was always clear he’d have longevity. “He signed those long-term extensions, the first one he signed was until he was 40, and he had all the intention in the world to play until the end of that contract,” Bergeron said. “And I could tell by that last year he still had more in the tank and he wanted to accomplish more. So I was not surprised to see him carry on and keep playing.” Chelios played until he was 48, finishing out his career with a short stint in Atlanta. By that measure, Chara, who will turn 45 on March 18, still has a few years left. He has managed to play 18:31 a game for the Islanders this season, getting penalty-kill minutes as well as even strength. He could be a target at the trade deadline should he want to move to a playoff team. “I think he provides that leadership,” Chelios said. That assertion would be backed up by the rest of the Islanders. After tying the record, Trotz gave Chara the floor. He chose to talk about the team. “To play as long as long as he has and he’s so quiet about it, it is remarkable,” Trotz said. “I don’t know if we’re gonna see athletes like that playing as long as they have and contributing as long as these two guys have. “He’s one game away from standing there all by himself. That’s pretty remarkable.”