Alexander Soros, the heir apparent to left wing billionaire George Soros’ political and philanthropic mission, has traded selfies with beauties and bros for handshakes and hugs with world leaders. The 36-year-old son of the Democratic mega-donor just attended the Munich Security Conference in Germany, where he joined heads of state occupied with the looming threat of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Soros, who in younger days was snapped partying in the Hamptons — where he had been described as “making out with the babes” at East End hotspots — now fills his social media feed with photos of political heavy hitters. He  welcomed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to a dinner put on by his dad’s Open Society Foundations in Munich; posed with and praised Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California, and posted snaps to his Instagram shaking hands with the prime minister of Kosovo and president of Rwanda. Older posts show the bespectacled scion with President Obama, Vice President Kamala Harris, Squad Member Ilhan Omar, former Mayor Bill de Blasio and, in numerous photos with Sen. Chuck Schumer, whom he calls a “good friend.” Some observers have a hard time seeing beyond Soros’ party boy image. He was spotted in July imbibing $345 bottles of Herradura Extra Añejo tequila along with gal pals at Tiny’s Catina in Prospect Heights. He reportedly left a $700 tip. And in 2016, the 22,000-square-foot Hamptons rental house where he hosted pals, models and NBA players was dubbed “Camp Soros.” A Republican Party official dismissed Soros as “just another rich brat trying to make a name for himself with a fortune he didn’t earn. “Maybe he’ll stop shipping industrial quantities of cash to support Democrats, far-left organizations, and the craziest ideologies in existence, but I doubt it,” the official said. But Patrick Gaspard, the former president of the Open Society Foundations, insisted the younger Soros was committed to his dad’s mission. “I think that Alex is really invested in domestic politics in America and trying to figure out how we get past violent polarization, how we get past disinformation and he is somebody who has also cared deeply about protecting the rights of the most marginalized Americans,” Gaspard said. Soros is deputy chairman of the non-profit Open Society behemoth that doled out more than $1 billion in 2020 on left wing causes including justice reform and economic equity. Soros reportedly made clear in a September call with foundation staff that his dad, who is 91, was still in charge. “I work for him, he’s my boss,” the New York Times quoted him as saying. A foundation spokesman did not return a request for comment about Soros’ future role at the organization. “He clearly has the intelligence and the resources to have a distinct impact and to steer his father’s foundation and investments in public affairs and in the political discussion where he sees fit.” said Jon Reinish, a Democratic strategist. He started his own foundation, the Alexander Soros Foundation, in 2011 contributing $1.7 million to it the following year. It gave out just $166,000 in 2019 for environmental causes, according to its tax filing for that year, the latest publicly available. The younger Soros was recently named head of the Democracy PAC, his father’s main conduit for political spending to which the elder Soros just kicked in $125 million. George Soros has been financing political campaigns for progressive district attorneys across the country including pumping $1 million into soft-on-crime Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg’s race last year. His son has sent cash to Democrats and progressive causes as well. He’s spent $78,000 to federal candidates in the current election cycle and shelled out $1.8 million from 2019 to 2020 including to President Biden; Pelosi; the Democratic National Campaign Committee, Omar; and Max Rose, but nothing to Schumer, Federal Election Commission records show. Soros was raised in Westchester County, the oldest child of Soros and his second wife, Susan. He has talked about his famous father being largely absent and not very good at “communicating love.” He has a younger brother and three older half siblings. He graduated from NYU in 2009 and received a doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley where his thesis was titled “Jewish Dionysus: Heine, Nietzsche and the Politics of Literature.” “Alex Soros was a hard-working, talented and successful student in our demanding graduate program in European intellectual history. He chose an ambitious and challenging topic for his dissertation,” said Martin Jay, the Berkeley professor emeritus who was Soros’ advisor.  “The result … was a genuinely impressive piece of scholarship.” He refers to himself as “Alexander Soros, PhD” on his Instagram and Twitter bios. One acquaintance described Soros as being “obsessed with models” and wants people “to think he is desired.” “He is really worried about his self image,” the acquaintance said, adding at the same time he values privacy. “When he goes out he doesn’t talk about his dad or politics. He’s not going on bragging about being George Soros’ son. He talks about charity, but it seems he wants to make a name for himself.”