Contrary to popular belief — and many cash-dropping HGTV host — you don’t have to spend  a ton of money to make your space look high-end, put together or light, bright and airy. In fact, there are a growing number of online retailers that sell quality art at a variety of price points. Whether you’re ready to revamp your home decor or never got around to decorating the white walls in your apartment in the first place, we’ve got you covered. Companies such as Society6, Minted, Redbubble and even Urban Outfitters offer a large assortment of affordable — not to be confused with “cheap” — art that’s just one click away from transforming your space from bland to spectacular. From moody landscape art and abstract canvases to trendy pop prints, or even a fun array of tapestries, the internet is your own personal gallery when it comes to discovering wall art gems to amp up your living spaces. Here is The Post’s curated list of bargain art options available online: Society6 — an artisan-driven online marketplace — has thousands of images and prints you can frame at an affordable cost. And if you find a particular print you love, chances are it comes on a variety of different items including tapestries, canvases, mugs, T-shirts, acrylic trays and so much more. Your average framed wall art ranges from $30 to $200, depending on the size. For an extra $65, you can showcase any of Rifle Paper Co.’s prints with your choice of frame finish and a mat. Much the company’s imagery consists of beautiful florals, inspirational quotes, animals and other whimsical images. While you may not think to go to Amazon.com to decorate your empty walls, the powerhouse retailer actually has a great collection of fine art you may be interested in. And if you shop right, you won’t pay a fortune! Minted offers a variety of fun, sleek and budget-friendly art. Many of their prints are customizable and are offered in either a frame (of your color choice) or on canvas. Anthropologie’s art collection is ideal for the shabby chic or bohemian-themed home. Pricing, of course, depends on the pieces you’re interested in — but generally wall art from the brand costs upwards of $98. AllModern also has a lot of great affordable options. Whether you’re looking for abstract wall art, midcentury modern pieces or even Picasso prints — they’ve got it all. Overstock’s art collection includes abstract, landscapes, florals, animals, photography  on canvas, framed prints, wood, metal and more. Redbubble is another great, budget-friendly website offering wall art discoveries. Looking for a picturesque beach scene? Mood-setting imagery for your bedroom or bathroom? Redbubble’s got you covered. Art.com is another great place to find affordable art online. They have it all: fine art, vintage pieces, canvas collections, sculptural items made out of wood and much more. Urban Outfitters’ wall art will certainly get you the trendy space you’re trying to achieve. Whether you’re looking for a vintage-looking, Italian landscape bit of eye candy or a graphic lunar piece, they’ve got it all featured in their constantly updated collection. Saatchi Art is another great online option for affordable art. You can buy the prints as is or pay an extra $80 for a frame in either black, natural wood or white. Wayfair’s art collection includes wildlife, cities, abstract, florals, animals and so much more.