Disney fanatics are being given the opportunity to step inside the screen: The movie-making institution is launching a residential community. The Walt Disney Company announced Wednesday that it is creating a new series of real-time worlds for real-life people, namely a neighborhood in the Coachella Valley that is “infused with the Company’s special brand of magic.” The sprawling development also includes a section for residents 55 and over. The development — the first of many Disney plans to build — will be constructed around an approximately 24-acre “grand oasis featuring clear turquoise waters with Crystal Lagoons® technology” according to a press release which reads like both a real estate announcement and stage script set description. There will be “a range of home types” for buyers to choose from, including estates and condos. “Curated experiences” including live performances, philanthropic endeavors and cooking classes will be available to community members who join a members-only club situation of sorts. The planned neighborhood is named Cotino and is being constructed by Disney in collaboration with a large-scale planned community-building company named DMB Development. “For nearly 100 years, Disney has shared stories that have touched the hearts and minds of people all around the world,” said Disney Parks chairman Josh D’Amaro in a statement. “As we prepare to enter our second century, we are developing new and exciting ways to bring the magic of Disney to people wherever they are, expanding storytelling to storyliving. We can’t wait to welcome residents to these beautiful and unique Disney communities where they can live their lives to the fullest.” This isn’t the first time Disney has built a town in its image. In 1996, approximately 20 miles outside of Orlando, it founded the town of Celebration, a full-time resort of sorts. Celebration is still around, and is currently denoted a Community Development District, as it does not have a dedicated police force or full municipal powers. Residents say that, while it started as slow-paced community, it has since become a tourist trap. “There’s not as much neighborhood kind of involvement or cohesiveness anymore,” longtime local Jim Siegal told the Orlando Sentinel in January. “If I can put it bluntly, the town is overrun by tourists … and by people in the surrounding area looking for something to do.”