A sitdown with Rep. Tom Suozzi is night-and-day with one with Gov. Kathy Hochul, whom he’s challenging in this year’s Democratic primary. Yes, the man from Nassau hedges here and there — but unlike Hochul, he actually takes a stand. He’s with us on the need to fix the state’s criminal-justice reforms and determined to reduce New York’s crippling property taxes (at least), and says parents should be told now that school-mask mandates will be wound down over the next few weeks. And he’s clear on where we disagree: He’s too green to repeal the state’s jobs-killing ban on fracking, too pro-union to adopt other parts of our agenda and so on. (To be fair, we expect Hochul’s other challenger, city Public Advocate Jumaane Williams, would be just as forthright — though our areas of agreement are pretty small.) Crucially, Suozzi is also clear that “working with” the Legislature’s leaders requires give and take — e.g., finding things enough legislators want enough to trade for those stop-crime reforms that Mayor Eric Adams just got told he’ll never get. He’s appalled that Hochul has kicked the can on this vital anti-crime move, which matters all across the state. In short, he’s essentially the “common-sense Democrat” he claims to be — whereas Hochul has proved herself nothing but a creature of the Democratic and special-interest machine. Which, sadly, is why he wasn’t even allowed to speak at Thursday’s Democratic state convention, which coronated Hochul as party insiders’ preferred nominee. Heck, the the convention was keynoted by the ultimate face of the modern Democratic establishment: Hillary Clinton. Indeed, Hochul has taken a totally Hillary-esque approach to winning the job she inherited from scandal-drowned Andrew Cuomo: She devoted her first month in office to raising campaign funds from special interests — a cool $20 million in just weeks, beating even Cuomo’s rapacious record, and winning the favor of party leaders. (As Suozzi notes, she flew at taxpayer expense 45 times in her first 45 days, holding 64 “private events,” i.e. fund-raisers.) Then she released a proposed budget the Legislature’s leaders loved, with the odd nod to the wishes of the big-business community. Thanks to last year’s tax hikes and a $12-plus billion cash bath from the feds, she could throw money everywhere. Meanwhile, she fuzzes on any tough leadership question, insisting she “needs more data” on everything from her school-mask mandate to the reforms Adams wants. Conventional wisdom says this will add up to victory in the June 28 primary and then in November. But this is all in the mode of Hillary — who lost the presidential primary in 2008 and the general election in 2016 against opponents who actually stood for something. Let the race begin.