Derek Jeter is a free agent. The Hall of Famer announced Monday that he was stepping down as CEO of the Miami Marlins after five seasons and Jeter added he would no longer be a shareholder in the team, citing a differing “vision of the future” of the organization. It ends a five-year stint with the penny-pinching club, which began when he teamed with Bruce Sherman to purchase the team. In a statement on Monday, the former Yankee shortstop praised the work he and the Marlins did in his time with Miami, but added, “the vision for the future of the franchise is different than the one I signed up to lead. Now is the right time for me to step aside as a new season begins. “The organization is stronger today than it was five years ago, and I am thankful and grateful to have been a part of this team.” Jeter was part of an ownership group that purchased the Marlins from Jeffrey Loria in 2017 for $1.2 billion, with Jeter purchasing a four-percent stake, around $25 million. After last-place finishes in the NL East in 2018 and 2019, Miami made a surprise run into the expanded postseason in the COVID-shortened 2020 season, but took a step back last year, when it finished 67-95. Prior to last July’s trade deadline, Jeter expressed disappointment with how the team was performing. “Ultimately, we have to win more games,” Jeter said. “I think that the [2021] season has been a disappointment. I think it’s been a disappointment for everyone.” One AL executive said following the trade deadline that Jeter was still adapting to the reality of working in a place with such strict financial restrictions after spending his entire playing career in The Bronx. In each of the past four seasons, the Marlins ranked 27th in team payroll, according to Spotrac.com. “He’s in a place that needed a lot of work and he’s obviously on the other end of the spectrum from the Yankees, where they had money and tradition and a huge fan base,” the exec said. “He has none of those advantages now. But he’s committed and doing what he’s supposed to do. I don’t think anyone is surprised by that.” Jeter also helped make history, naming Kim Ng as the Marlins general manager in November 2020. Ng, a former executive with the Yankees and MLB, became the first woman to be named GM.