“Friends” legend Courteney Cox is getting very candid about her previous cosmetic procedures — and how she’s now looking forward to turning 60 in the near future. The actress and Instagram influencer — hey, she’s got 12 million followers, folks — opened up about aging while promoting her buzzy new comedy-horror TV series “Shining Vale,” co-starring Greg Kinnear and Rob Morrow and premiering March 6 on Starz. “I feel like I’m young. I have a lot of friends in their 30s and I don’t think about it. To me we’re the same age until I actually study it,” the enduring sitcom star, 57, told the Sunday Times Style magazine. And when it comes to turning the big 6-0, Cox exclaimed, “Oh God, it’s so hard to even hear or say. I can’t believe it. There’s nothing wrong with being 60, I just can’t believe it. Time goes so fast. There’s no question that I am more grounded, I’ve learned so much in my life — what to enjoy, what to try to do more of and what to let go of.” Of her evolving face over the years, the mother of one explained that she finally is embracing her age. “There was a time when you go, ‘Oh, I’m changing. I’m looking older.’ And I tried to chase that [youthfulness] for years,” the “Scream” actress continued.  “And I didn’t realize that, oh s–t, I’m actually looking really strange with injections and doing stuff to my face that I would never do now.” Once she saw that the public was talking about her look, she said that a time came when she realized she had “to stop. That’s just crazy.” (Cox previously revealed that she had all of her fillers dissolved to look more like herself.) Cox also told the Sunday Times that being middle-aged is a little weird, however, she’s amazed at how fast time flew by. She said, “I can obviously relate to being that age where you’re like, ‘Oh wow, I can’t believe I’m right here,’ and [asking] what makes you happy. I understand that midlife stuff completely.” In the same interview, Cox looked back on her time on the famous ‘90s NBC sitcom. She recalled how her co-star and love interest Matthew Perry (Chandler Bing), put an immense amount of “pressure” on himself to get laughs on “Friends.” “He’s just struggled for a while,” Cox said. “I think he’s doing great now.” Perry, 52, previously confessed that he would “freak out” if one of his lines went south and didn’t garner laughs from the audience. To that, Cox said, “That’s a lot to think how much he relied on that for his own self-worth.”