From Russia — without love. Adult entertainers in Russia have been blocked from OnlyFans amid financial sanctions imposed on the country following its invasion of Ukraine. Several kinky content creators spoke out on Sunday, saying they were unable to share new videos and access money earned via their OnlyFans accounts. “In short term, I don’t have money to live … Many models [are] faced with this, nobody thought it could happen,” user Bunnie Mommy told Rolling Stone, alleging her account was frozen Saturday evening. The X-rated model claimed she lost over $8,000 US amid the ban. In a statement Sunday, OnlyFans told the Daily Beast: “While creators are not responsible for the recent attacks on Ukraine, due to worldwide financial restrictions we have very limited methods to pay Creator accounts linked to Russia and Belarus. As a result payments have been limited.” The company further stated that “new subscriptions will not be accepted and current subscriptions will not renew once they have expired” until Russian sanctions are lifted. However, on Monday, OnlyFans told the Daily Star: “After experiencing financial restrictions we have been able to restore account activity for creators in all countries. Their accounts will have full functionalities as long as we continue to have payment methods to support them.” They added: “We were not terminating or suspending any creator accounts based on the creator’s location, and we are doing everything we can to support our community.” The news is sweet relief for other racy Russian stars, many of whom claimed they were facing imminent poverty at the prospect of being barred from OnlyFans. OnlyFans star @kitty told the Daily Beast: “Right now I don’t have any funds to buy food or pay my rent. I have taken part in several protests since I moved to Moscow when I was 18. We are not Putin! All my prayers for peace and the Ukraine people.” Bunnie Mommy agreed that it was unfair to penalize Russian content creators over a war they did not support. “Blocking bank accounts of peaceful Russian people, blocking working pages and freezing income won’t help Ukraine,” she declared. “[We] are humans, who really wish peaceful sky under Ukraine and want to help as much as we can.” Another Russian model who posts under the handle @SixSexPlanes concurred. “It’s important to say, we all don’t support our government. We’re suffering about it all time and now we’re all just shocked,” she stated. On Monday, the UN said at least 102 civilians have been killed in Ukraine since Russia launched its invasion five days ago.