“I quit!” We’ve seen the movies, and while it may sound like fun to storm into the boss’s corner office, yell these definitive words and then storm out to the standing ovation of coworkers, chances are that isn’t the best route to take in the real world. However, quitting your job is indeed a real world problem, as many are deciding to join the wave of the “Great Resignation” and seek employment somewhere that better fits their changing needs. So how to do respectfully and wisely go about quitting your job in 2022? We wanted to know that as well, and so we asked an expert at one of the top professional recruitment consultancies, Michael Page, to give us some tips and tricks. Sometimes it may not be easy to know when too much is truly too much. Obviously, if a workplace is toxic, then the time to get out is ASAP. However, it may be other things driving your desire to work somewhere new, such as a life change, new opportunities and more. “The desire to switch things up in your career can be a result of many different things; lack of stimulation in your role, a nagging feeling that you need a change, lack of passion or a feeling that it is a ‘job’ not a ‘career’,” said Kurt Jeskulski, Senior Managing Director at Michael Page for New York and the Tri-State area. “It may even be triggered by something bigger, like a difficult relationship with your boss, limited progression or a change in career direction.” Perhaps if you are wanting more stimulation or responsibilities, this can be achieved through an honest conversation with your boss. But, if the passion is gone and your gut is showing you the door, read on for how to successfully depart through it. The first step to any project? Do your research. “Quitting your job can seem daunting, but if you do proper research, including understanding what roles exist out in the marketplace, which recruiters are competent, and what your salary expectations could be, you will eliminate some of the stress,” said Jeskulski. To do this, consider looking at job board sites like ZipRecruiter, allowing you to filter out what you don’t want in your new role and only look at things that pique your interest, and then apply with one click. Have a few options saved to your account and be sure to browse different roles in your field to get a good idea of what is out there. The job site also skims through your skill set to help you prioritize where to apply, saving you time looking for the best fit. This can be tricky, as you don’t want to go behind your current employer’s back, but you also don’t want to be left with no income after your two-week’s notice is up. This is why our expert suggested always having sometime secured before you leave your original job. “Unless you are in a toxic work environment, never leave your job without securing another,” said Jeskulski. “You should continue to network, research, and explore until you find an opportunity that gives you enough security and comfort level to give your current employer notice.” Obviously, we suggest doing this research off the clock and company computer as to not burn any bridges, but do take advantage of all the tools and resources out there like job boards and your personal network of contacts to help you secure the new position before leaving the old. Unfortunately, sometimes lining up a new job right away isn’t always possible, like in the case of a toxic work environment, reasons such as illness or family obligations or even personal development choices like taking time to travel or learn a new skill. These are all valid reasons why someone may have a gap in their resume, but when interviewing for your next job, don’t let these reasons stop you from success. “In the event that you leave your job before you find another, honesty is always the best policy,” said Jeskulski. “We are fortunate to live in a time where you can be your authentic self and you should want to work in an environment that embraces that. In turn, being honest and authentic will make all your conversations with future employers much more impactful and meaningful.” To his point, when you find a company that accepts and even celebrates your career path, it is a great sign that they will be understanding and foster an open and honest working environment should you get the job, resulting in a long-lasting employment and hopefully the last time you’ll need to read our advice for quitting. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.