A pair of Senate Democrats suggested Thursday that President Biden is near a decision on who he will nominate to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer. Following a Capitol Hill lunch meeting with White House Chief of Staff Ron Klain and other Biden advisers, Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) told reporters that he believed “they pretty much had someone — already made up their mind.” “I don’t know who that is,” Manchin added. “I have no idea.” Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) agreed, telling reporters: “It feels like they’re very close.” “We tried to get a name, but couldn’t get it out of them,” she added. “But, you know, they’re certainly zeroing in on someone.” Biden previously vowed upon Breyer’s retirement that he would announce his choice by the end of this month. Shortly before the lunch meeting, Senate Judiciary Chairman Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) laid out an aggressive timeline for confirming the eventual nominee. “I’d like to get this done before the Easter break, because that adds two weeks to the process, and I think we can do it,” Durbin told reporters. “We would like to complete it on the floor before we break for Easter, and that’s April the 9th.” Breyer’s retirement announcement indicated that he would leave the high court at the end of the current term in June, provided a successor had been confirmed by then. The White House has kept the selection process close to the vest, declining to say which candidates Biden is considering or whether he has conducted any interviews. “Potentially, you know, he could begin talking to — interviewing nominees as soon as this week, but I don’t have any specifics to share,” White House deputy press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Ohio Thursday. Biden, who has vowed to nominate the first black woman to America’s highest court, said in an interview last week that he has done a “deep dive” on about four candidates. “What I’ve done is I’ve taken about four people and done the deep dive on them, meaning these thorough background checks, and see if there’s anything in the background that would make them not qualified,” Biden told NBC News anchor Lester Holt in an interview that aired before the Super Bowl. “The shortlist are nominees who are incredibly well qualified and documented,” the president added. The leading contenders appear to include DC appeals Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, 51, a former Breyer clerk who was confirmed by the Senate 53-47 last year with three Republican votes. Georgia federal Judge Leslie Abrams Gardner, 47, the sister of two-time Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams, and California Supreme Court Justice Leondra Kruger, 45, are also believed to be in contention. Both Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-SC), the House majority whip, and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) have also touted South Carolina federal judge J. Michelle Childs, 55. With Post wires