Tom Brady has found his next project post-NFL. The 44-year-old former New England Patriots quarterback will star in and produce a football-themed flick entitled “80 for Brady.” And he’s got some real star power helping usher him into his next chapter. Legends Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda, Rita Moreno and Sally Field will also star in the Paramount Pictures movie, according to the Hollywood Reporter. “80 for Brady” is inspired by a true story and follows four besties and New England Patriots fans (Tomlin, Fonda, Moreno and Field), who take a trip to the 2017 Super Bowl to see their favorite quarterback — who is, you guessed it — the real Tom Brady himself. Chaos and hilarity obviously ensue as the four friends take a cross-country road trip to see Brady play in the big game. The road trip comedy will be directed by Kyle Marvin, who co-wrote the script with Michael Covino. Production will begin later this spring and no release date has been set yet. Brady announced that he was retiring from the NFL on Feb. 1 after many longstanding rumors. The sportsman retired after 22 seasons, three MVP awards and seven Super Bowl rings with the Patriots and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. “I have always believed the sport of football is an ‘all-in’ proposition — if a 100% competitive commitment isn’t there, you won’t succeed and success is what I love so much about our game,” the father of three wrote in an Instagram post at the time. He continued, “There is a physical, mental, and emotional challenge EVERY single day that has allowed me to maximize my highest potential. And I have tried my very best these past 22 years. There are no shortcuts to success on the field or in life. “This is difficult for me to write, but here it goes: I am not going to make that competitive commitment anymore. I have loved my NFL career, and now it is time to focus my time and energy on other things that require my attention,” he wrote. However, just a week after his big announcement, Brady admitted on his SiriusXM show “Let’s Go!” that he may not be done with football yet. “I’m just gonna take things as they come,” Brady told co-host Jim Gray. “I think that’s the best way to put it and I don’t think anything, you know, you never say never. At the same time I know that I’m very, I feel very good about my decision. I don’t know how I’ll feel six months from now, [if it will] change, it most likely won’t. But I try to make the best possible decision I can in the moment, which I did this last week.”