A Florida mom claims she was given huge breast implants after going under the knife for a breast reduction — only for the clinic to try to pass it off as “free” surgery. Tiffany Mills, 29, also mistakenly had an extended tummy tuck and liposuction after she checked in for the procedure in November last year. “I woke up in the absolute worst pain of my life,” Tampa-based Mills told Kennedy News, claiming the implants later tore open her skin, leaving her with open wounds and blood clots in her lungs and legs. Mills also alleges the tummy tuck left her in severe pain because she had “no extra skin to pull.” “They’d pulled my skin too tight, meaning I had a lot of scar tissue and wasn’t able to stand up straight,” she harrowingly recalled. “My belly button looked like a coin slot because I’d been pulled as tight as possible.” Mills claims the clinic did not immediately own up to their mistake, and only later admitted to a paperwork mix-up after she bombarded them with furious phone calls. “They didn’t tell me that they’d mixed my details up with another patient until the next day,” she alleged. “They also said, ‘Don’t be upset about it, look at it like you got free surgery.'” The ordeal began late last year, when Mills — a mom of three — decided to undergo a breast reduction to reduce pain in her back, shoulders and neck. “After having children, I ended up with a 32F cup bra size and in pain 24/7,” she explained. “I’m a 5-foot-3 person. I’m very petite, and my doctor recommended that I have a reduction.” Mills chose the clinic — which can’t be named for ongoing legal reasons — and paid $8,203 in advance for the procedure. However, after waking up from the Nov. 2 surgery, the mom — who works as a nurse — realized something was wrong. “I woke up feeling very groggy and I remember being pulled by my arms by the medical assistant,” she recalled. “They told me they needed the bed and I needed to get up.” “I didn’t really recognize I had all these incisions in my stomach until about seven hours later, when I woke up in a hotel [booked for post-surgery recovery]. They didn’t even keep me for observation, they got me out of there as fast as they could,” the mom continued. Mills said that when she later awoke in the hotel, she noticed a binder across her stomach. After taking it off, she saw “a huge hip-to-hip incision” and bruises all over her sides. “On my right nipple, the nipple had [also] become detached from the areola. It was like this huge black hole … I knew they’d put implants in too, because they were sitting on my collar bone,” she said. Mills told Kennedy News she called the clinic to ask what had happened, but claimed that the receptionist would immediately hang up on her. When she finally spoke to somebody the following day, she claims they admitted to a mix-up taking place with her procedure. “I was so confused how there was a mix-up. They told me the whole team made a mistake. They weren’t maintaining surgical logs, they weren’t checking their patients,” she stated. “They had no idea what they were performing or who on. They did this without my consent. I had no idea this was going on.” Things only became worse for Mills when she was admitted to the hospital two weeks later after the wounds beneath her breast became infected and blood clots were found in her lungs and legs. “I nearly died because the incisions were ripping open, [and] those open wounds led to an infection and blood clots,” she declared. “I was alternating between two intravenous antibiotics because the infection was so severe, they worried I was going to go septic.” Mills spent four days in the hospital and the following two months on antibiotics to clear up the infections. Since the procedure, the mom has been struggling to get her life back on track, due to the financial, physical and psychological toll the botched surgery has taken on her. “I managed to dispute the surgery charge with my bank and get the money back. The clinic is trying to fight it and claiming that this is what I asked for,” she stated. “I’m still recovering. I just had my second surgery to correct part of the problem they caused. I wasn’t able to work during this time. It’s been a big financial hit.” Mills needs even more corrective surgery in the future, although she fears going under the knife again. “I’ve just had surgery done on my lower abdomen to fix what the [other] surgeon did,” the mom explained. “The man who took over my wound care … [also] offered to do scar revision under my breasts. I’m terrified to do that and I also don’t have the funds for that right now after all I’ve been put through.” Kennedy News repeatedly contacted the surgeons for comment, but they failed to provide a response to the allegations.