The NYPD is not cooperating with a 2-year-old city law that requires the department to produce a report every six months on misuse and abuse of city-issued parking permits, The Post has learned. Police officials have repeatedly failed to produce the required reports “on the improper use of city-issued parking permits,” according to city records — and been slapped with delinquency notices for their failure on at least three occasions, most recently on Jan. 19. Parking placards ostensibly exist to give municipal employees better access to curbside real estate when they’re on the job — but in reality, are widely abused. City blocks are littered with government workers and people pretending to be government workers turning sidewalks, crosswalks, bike lanes, bus lanes and no-standing zones into parking spots. The missing biannual study was part of a package of reforms pushed by former City Council Speaker Corey Johnson (D-Manhattan) and passed in late 2019 to rein in the widespread abuse. Other elements of the reform package have also failed to materialize. According to city records, the city has yet to publicly post 3-1-1 placard abuse complaints data, which the reforms mandates be updated online every month. In October, meanwhile, Johnson and then-Councilman Ydanis Rodriguez, who now leads the city’s Department of Transportation, accused NYPD of violating another one of the reforms — one that required police conduct weekly inspections at 50 blocks impacted by placard abuse or illegal parking and produce monthly reports on the effort. Both Johnson and former Mayor Bill de Blasio pushed initiatives to quell illegal permit use and placard fraud that appeared to fall short in practice. For de Blasio, a number of reforms pitched in February 2019 have failed to come to fruition, including a pledge to switch the entire city over to a digital “pay-by-plate” parking system. New Mayor Eric Adams has told placard abuse foes that worrying about the issue is “is a luxury” amid NYC’s increased crime rates, according to Streetsblog. NYPD did not return a request for comment. Additional reporting by Craig McCarthy