Today’s Wordle is “villain.” Disgruntled puzzlers continue to gripe that the New York Times is making their beloved Wordle “too hard.” The publication is now being accused of “trolling millennials” with Wednesday’s Wordle of the day, with many players deeming it so obscure only “Bob the Builder” could solve it. The latest incident of puzzle panic comes a week after the blockbuster game migrated to the website of the Times, which bought it from creator Josh Wardle in January for an “undisclosed” seven-figure sum. The viral brain teaser — in which players get six tries to guess a new five-letter word each day — has become routine for puzzle lovers of late. However, the Wednesday Wordle answer — a hardware-store staple we won’t spoil for you until the next paragraph, so consider yourself warned! — was apparently so obscure that many disgruntled players on Twitter wondered if it was even a word. “The wordle word today was caulk,” wrote one baffled Wordler. “I had to look up words with aul in the middle. Ahh how the hell was I supposed to know the word was caulk? Smh anyway another word added to my vocabulary.” “SUCK MY CAULK WORDLE,” quipped another Twit wit of the term. Others joked that it was especially difficult for American 30-somethings, who have become infamous for not owning property. “Today’s Wordle is designed to wind up people who don’t own their own homes,” tweeted one frustrated player. “NYT trolling the millennials, absolute scenes.” Another quipped, “Bob the Builder got today’s #wordle As for the rest of us… time to brush up on our DIY.” The outrage comes a mere week after the Times was accused of making Wordle too difficult — an accusation the publication has since denied. The Times also came under fire Tuesday after a purported glitch resulted in them getting two different answers for the Wordle of the day. However, the discrepancy was due to the fact that there were two different versions of Wordle: The original Powerlanguage and the NY Times site, both of which gave different words.