Good luck pulling this one off. An ex-stripper from New York left behind her platform shoes for a political platform — running for Congress in Philadelphia’s troubled 3rd District. Alexandra Hunt, 28, stripped during college “to pay the bills,” she wrote recently in Daily Kos. And not only is she unapologetic about her former career, she has made it part of her campaign message. Her campaign website offers T-shirts reading “I MAY HAVE DANCED FOR MONEY BUT I’M NO CORPORATE WHORE” and “Elect Hoes.” She used to fear the “age-old stigma” attached to sex work, and said she was fired as a girls’ soccer coach when the team found out. But now she’s shouting about it from the rooftops — and hopes to decriminalize sex work. “My involvement in sex work was very dangerous — if I had gone missing, like so many sex workers do, no one would have known how or where to find me. I began speaking about sex work and my personal involvement in the industry on the campaign trail,” she wrote. The young leftist has described having an abortion and suffering sexual assault on social media. The fan of Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is seeking office in a mostly black, strongly Democratic congressional district represented by Democratic Rep. Dwight Evans, a Philly native who in the 1990s pushed the city to adopt New York’s tough-on-crime “broken windows” tactics, even bringing on former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton to consult. Robberies are up 36 percent in the district this year. A total 2,073 shootings were reported in the last year, a 2.3 percent increase, with 1,171 victims. Hunt supports “significantly reducing” the prison population through “compassionate release” and an end to cash bail, among other lefty planks in her campaign platform. “In neighborhoods with rising violence, tougher policing isn’t the answer,” she tweeted recently. “It’s backwards thinking to punish needs-based crimes instead of moving to meet the needs.” Hunt, who grew up in upstate Rochester, has criticized Rep. Evans’ personal investments in weapons and energy companies, which she tweeted “are screaming corruption & special interests.” She graduated from the University of Richmond in 2014, then moved to Philly, where she completed master’s degrees at Drexel and Temple universities. She has up to $150,000 outstanding in student loans, according to her financial disclosure and supports their cancelation. “[D]espite the generous financial aid package the University of Richmond provided, I was actually too poor for them,” Hunt wrote in a Ballotpedia candidate survey. “I graduated in three years to save money, even despite working two jobs as a server and a stripper to make ends meet.” Hunt and Rep. Evan’s campaigns didn’t return requests for comment.