Super Bowl? What’s that? That little game that plays between the ads? Marketing executives around the country have paid millions upon millions of dollars to get viewers to love their brand’s commercial during Super Bowl 2022. The goal is to have the most memorable clip, one shared on YouTube for years to come — oh, and to sell a few beers and cars. Ready for a walk down memory lane? Here are the best Super Bowl ads of all time. This 90-second ad — likely to have cost Amazon more than $20 million in broadcasting fees alone — saw real-life couple Colin Jost and Scarlett Johansson have their marriage intruded upon by another woman: Amazon’s Alexa. “It’s like she can read minds,” Johansson said of the Alexa virtual assistant in the ad. The actress then enters a hilarious dream sequence in which Alexa starts spilling the actor’s secrets. The ad ticked millions of viewers, many of whom took to social media to praise Johansson’s comic timing. “She seriously needs to do more comedy roles. She is awesome!” one enthused. “Not sure how any other commercial can beat this one, it’s hilarious!!!” another remarked. Toyota didn’t need to hire hot Hollywood celebs in order to make one of the most memorable Super Bowl commercials this year. Instead, the auto giant told the simple story of Canadian Paralympians Brian and Robin McKeever — and it left viewers in floods of tears. Brian lost his eyesight to Stargardt macular degeneration when he was 19, but has still managed to win a whopping 14 medals as a cross-county skier. His brother, Robin, acts as his sighted guide, with their pairs close bond examined by Toyota in the ad titled “Start Your Impossible.” “This ad is actually really powerful and inspiring and I have no idea why it should make me want to buy a Toyota but I’m into it,” one impressed viewer wrote on Twitter. Another Twitter user said the ad had her reaching for a Kleenex — not the keys to a new Toyota. “We are only one commercial break into the Super Bowl and that Toyota ad already has me crying!” she posted. From the second the “Sopranos” theme song and opening sequence started, social media held their breath. Jamie-Lynn Sigler, who played Meadow Soprano on the iconic HBO series, rolls through lower Manhattan and New Jersey in an electric Silverado. Her arrival at the same restaurant where her on-screen dad is believed to have died sets the show’s ambiguous ending into question — especially since the ad was run by “Sopranos” mastermind David Chase. The show’s fanatics tweeted themselves into a tizzy when Sigler hugs her on-screen brother, Robert Iler — could it possibly be confirmation of the show’s famously ambiguous ending? Look who’s got smart park. Massachusetts locals Chris Evans of Sudbury and Rachel Dratch of Lexington marveled at Newton’s John “Johnny” Krasinski and his ability to park his Hyundai in the tiny spots in Boston’s South End. These kids got their slang right: In Beantown they use “clickahs,” not remotes. This ad is like a scene out of “The Town,” without the guns. And who doesn’t love a cameo from Big Papi? Go Sox. Oh, baby. It was 2008, the stock market was months away from crashing. But during the Super Bowl, E-Trade showed it was so easy to get involved in investing, a puking infant  could do it. The babe stayed as their mascot until 2013. Looking back amid the Reddit GampeStop hedge fund takedown, the message rings a little different. It was the ad that launched a revolution. “On January 24, Apple Computer will introduce Macintosh,” an announcer reads, after a woman smashes a screen giving commands to a sea of followers. “And you’ll see why 1984 won’t be like ‘1984.’” It’s been 37 years, and Apple products are more ubiquitous than ever. This 30-second spot ignited a storied tradition of out-of-the-box commercials from the brand, and became the dismay of marketing 101 students for years to come. We all miss the Betty White-aissance. The Golden Girl made herself known to a new generation of fans by starring in 2009’s “The Proposal” and in a 2010 Snickers commercial. In the spot, the then-88-year-old got pummeled during a game of football. “Mike, you’re playing like Betty White out there,” a teammate told her. “That’s not what your girlfriend said,” she spit back. But after eating a Snickers bar, Mike’s energy returned, and White’s career skyrocketed (again). Cindy Crawford was the It girl. She pranced to a vending machine in jorts and a sexy white tank while two young boys oogled her, or so we thought. “Is that a great new Pepsi can or what?” one of the children muttered. Don’t you love some casual misogyny? Nonetheless, it was a hit. In 2015, the brand tried to re-create the model magic by casting Kendall Jenner in a callous rip-off of the Black Lives Matter movement. It didn’t go over as well as Crawford’s ad. The Old Spice guy will go down as one of the hottest brand mascots in history. With his debonair delivery, the man on-screen schooled the schlubby bros we were all sitting next to on the couch. The fast-paced one-shot ads were funny and effective — we couldn’t smell him or his Old Spice soap, but we sure as hell wanted to. It was a big upgrade for a body spray brand usually overused by middle school boys after gym class. In this oldie but perpetual goodie, Wendy’s threw shade at Burger King and McDonald’s. Name-checking both the Whopper and the Big Mac, Wendy’s alleged that those burgers are all bread and no beef — literally. “Where’s the beef?” the three little old ladies wondered, firing shots in the great Fast Food War. The beef was on their burgers, and on the screen. Three decades later, the phrase is still in use today. Puppy meets Clydesdale. Puppy kisses Clydesdale on the snout. Puppy and Clydesdale get separated. Puppy fights to see Clydesdale. Clydesdale runs to see Puppy. Puppy and Clydesdale get to be best friends. This unforgettable spot triumphed the unlikely animal friendship trope. Not sure how it sells beer, but it really warms the heart. Michael Jordan, meet Bugs Bunny. The two kings squared off in a cartoonish basketball game, complete with pantsing, holes in the floor, anvils, dunks and slams. “This will be the beginning of a beautiful friendship,” Bunny told Jordan at the end of the ad. Four years later, they starred in “Space Jam” together. With a sequel starring LeBron James set to be released this year, we may be seeing a redux of this ad during the upcoming game. Let’s pretend Matthew Broderick, with all that “Ferris Bueller” money, drives a Honda. Even so, this grown-up sequel to the classic ’80s flick shows Broderick taking a day off from acting to visit museums and sing in a parade. Look familiar? The callback commercial even ends with the classic, “Life moves pretty fast, if you don’t stop and  look around once in a while, you’ll miss it.” All that’s missing is Alan Ruck in a hockey jersey.