Don’t have a cow man but one UK man is living the dream of every “Simpsons” superfan. Alexander Townley undoubtedly became the envy of longtime watchers of the animated series after revealing that he gets paid $6,804 to watch every episode of the iconic comedy cartoon — with complimentary doh-nuts thrown in to boot. “I’m a diehard Simpsons fan and watching it for money is something I’ve always dreamt of,” Townley, 26, told Jam Press of the unique opportunity, which he started last month. The Nottingham native, who has been a “Simpsons” superfan for as long as he can remember, learned of the gig after his brother tagged him in an online advert seeking people to watch the Matt Groening creation and analyze its predictions for the future — something the series is famous for. “Around 10 people shared the post with me because all my friends and family know about my unhealthy obsession with the show,” said Townley. The “Simpsons” addict said he found the show to be “absolutely fascinating” as well as perennially relevant as “it’s a reflection on society and based on stereotypes!” “For example, a fat American dad with a trophy wife and kids, a police officer with a pig nose and a school principal with annoyingly good posture,” he explained. Now, as part of his job, “I am asked to critically analyze each episode and I get to stuff my face with free vegan donuts that they send me every week — who wouldn’t love that?” Townley gushed. In fact, the cartoon connoisseur said that no one believed him about his enviable side hustle until he “started receiving doughnuts in the mail.” Not to mention that people “started seeing less of me because I’m always at home watching ‘The Simpsons,’ ” he mused, adding, “some of my mates are jealous, but still happy for me.” However, while getting paid to watch TV might sound like a dream job, the professional “Simpsons” binger says it’s not all fun and games. “It’s not as simple as just watching a few episodes and chilling out on the sofa,” insisted Townley, who works at a cafe by day. “I have to sit with a notepad and pen and have to write every little detail down, even the opening credits with the chalkboard sequence and couch gag.” He added, “There’s even been weeks where I’ve watched up to 30 episodes in a day, several days in a row, and that really is mentally draining.” Currently, the pro TV viewer is on Season 18 of 33 with 717 episodes left. Townley’s objective is to search for anything related to the future in the clairvoyant cartoon, which has been credited with foretelling everything from 9/11 to the coronavirus pandemic. Townley’s findings are then sent to his employer PlatinCasino.co.uk. And while the animation analyst has kept his results largely under wraps, he suggested some “Simpsons” episodes may have even predicted his own life. “There’s been a few times where I’ve seen characters like Marge sit and analyze TV programs such as ‘Itchy & Scratchy’ with a notepad and pen and I’ve been like, wait what the f – – k, that’s literally what I’m doing right now,’ ” Townley said. He hopes in the future to have his gig featured in a “Simpsons” episode, bringing everything full circle. “I know for a fact that ‘The Simpsons’ creators know about this job, so if you’re reading this, Mr Groening, I’d love to feature in an episode based around this crazy job!” said Townley. “I’ve never been to America either, so if they could fly me out there and I could work with them that’d be amazing.” The dreamer added, “It’s a bit cheeky I know, but I’ll never get the opportunity to ask ever again – so why not?”