A bloke claims splashing out $34,037 to turn a dilapidated shed into a man cave helped him get a girlfriend. Adam James Rigby fitted out the space with a retro game area, cocktail bar, vintage football displays, pop culture collectives, sound system, Back To The Future shrine and a lounge area. The shed at Adam’s home in Walsall, West Mids, England, was once a crumbling brick structure stuck at the bottom of his garden. But after splashing out thousands, he turned it into the perfect man retreat – complete with a bar serving up Jager bombs for him and his girlfriend, Gemma. When Adam, 38, met his partner Gemma, 28, through mutual friends, he took her back and showed her the man cave – which he believes helped win her over. Adam, a welder, said: “It all started in late 2016 when I asked my dad if we could do something with the old brick shed he built nearly 20 years ago at the bottom of the garden.” “The shed was so severely damaged that the roof was falling in, so we started by demolishing part of the old shed and extended it.” “I gathered the materials and the project began.” “The first time I met Gemma we all came back to mine and all ended up in my man cave, she loved it from day one! It’s probably the only reason she came back.” Adam says it all cost approximately $34,037. He employed contractors for the roof, plastering and building of the bar, as well as help from his friends. Currently, Adam is renting the house that his parents previously bought, and managed to transform the simple shed into a stylish man cave – with the hope of one day buying it off them. He added: “It took a busy two years to finish, as we worked on it every weekend and after work but we had a big party once it was complete! “I’ve had a few comments about the man cave on my Tiktok so thought I’d do a quick tour of it. Getting my retro consoles in, the bar, all my drinks, my Back To The Future wall and more. “I would love a pool table and a jacuzzi outside it, but I need to save some money for that first!” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.