The Centers for Disease Control bureaucrats are finally following the science. The CDC announced Friday new and less stringent guidance on indoor masking in most parts of the US. The new guidance looks at hospitalizations and hospital capacity rather than raw case numbers. Perhaps most important, the agency (sort of) got its act together on schools, saying they should be treated no differently than other indoor spaces. Most New York counties are safely at the lowest level of concern per the new metrics. This should force Gov. Kathy Hochul, who’s been hiding behind the CDC these many weeks, to drop her school mandates as of Monday. And Mayor Eric Adams has already said he wants mandates to end: Now he has every reason to pull the trigger. CDC chief Dr. Rochelle Walensky, meanwhile, still needs to do better. She’s left school-masking guidelines still in place for counties with high “community levels” of COVID (accounting for about 30% of the US population) and even in counties with low levels they can be put back in place if the numbers change. This is pointless. COVID numbers have long shown that the risk to kids from the disease is statistically nonexistent. The total US death toll for under-18s in nearly two full years of the pandemic so far is under 80, out of almost 1 million dead. Schools have never been significant sources of transmission, here or anywhere else in the world. Still, parents and their liberated kids alike will be cheering — and maybe dancing, too, as in that video of a Vegas class after their teacher told them “no more masks” (to the envy of those unfortunate enough to live in a county still excluded by the new metrics). Masks make talking and listening — important, we think, in a school — a nightmare. And even setting aside the discomfort they cause, disturbing data has emerged showing that masking hurts learning, especially among younger students. It’s beyond clear, then, that science didn’t drive these rule changes. So what did? Our guess: Masking of any kind is now a huge political liability, with one poll showing support for masking guidelines cratering from 63% to 52% since September. It also found a staggering 70% of Americans agreeing with the statement that “it’s time we accept COVID is here to stay and we just need to get on with our lives.” This, not any new understanding of COVID, explains the new guidance — which comes amid a trend of loosening restrictions at the state level as Democrats stare down a possible red wave in November. (It also comes just ahead of President Joe Biden’s State of the Union.) So good on the CDC for (kind of) standing up to power-mad educrats and COVID alarmists. But it has to be said: Every unnecessary day that the CDC even partly keeps its school-masking rule in place should be a black mark on its permanent record.