The only thing cooler than the other side of the pillow is actually getting good sleep thanks to perfect cushion. There’s really no better blessing than to lie down for the night and have your head cradled by a pillow designed just for your sleeping style — which can feel like finding a needle in a hay bed. The overwhelming number of options and high price tags are enough to keep you up at night. There’s cooling fabrics for hot sleepers, down stuffing for cold sleepers, firm memory foam for tossers, bamboo pillows for the eco-conscious and even a customizable cushion that allows you to stuff to your liking. Rest assured, we’ve got your back — and neck and shoulders. Whatever your needs, the pillow of your dreams surely awaits below. No need to book a hotel room when your pillows at home are of the same quality. Check out Beckham Hotel Collection pillows, sold on Amazon in a pack of two for $40. They are made of a down alternative filling and covered with a breathable 250-thread count cover. Jump into bed knowing you’ll land on a bed of soft down-filled pillows from Parachute. The bedding brand is known for luxury and these pillows are no different, made from European white down filling and sold in a variety of densities from soft to firm. Remember this memory foam pillow. The Tuft & Needle brand pillow is a super soft memory foam one, made with adaptive foam that molds to your unique shape as you lay down for bed. If you’ve been chasing the cool side of the pillow, here you are. The new Snow Technology from Casper is designed to keep both sides of the pillow cool to the touch, while the foam inside will mold and shape to your body as you drift off to sleep. A fluffy pillow is the best pillow, right? Check out Fluff Co. for their down and feather filled pillows, now on sale for $75 instead of $150. Plus, it also comes with a free pillow protector to keep your new purchase looking and feeling great sleep after sleep. Layla wishes you a good night, each night you sleep with their memory foam pillow. They are both supportive and cooling, combining the best features of any pillow into one. Tempur-Pedic is the name of the game when it comes to memory foam. The Symphony Pillow is sold on Amazon for an easy purchase with Prime. Plus, it is now an Amazon Choice product with more than 2,500 reviews and counting. Did you know you can customize your pillow? With Coop Home Goods you can. The Original pillow comes with a medium firm memory-foam-and-microfiber filled pillow, plus another half-pound of filling you can insert to make it more firm, or remove stuffing to make the pillow to your liking. There’s nothing wrong with the basics. Head to Amazon and check out their two-pack of affordable and comfortable pillows, made of a down-alternative filling in either a medium  or soft density. You know we love Brooklinen sheets, but did you know they have pillows to match? The bedding brand’s down pillow comes in a standard and a king-size, and each have options for density including plush, mid-plush and firm. Activated charcoal in a pillow? Yes indeed. Brentwood Home sells their Crystal Cove pillow with an activated charcoal-infused memory foam fill, which is naturally cooling and antimicrobial. The non-toxic pillows are vegan, too, as they don’t use wool or down, and nix harsh chemicals like flame retardants. Feel support while you sleep with a pillow from Saatva. These latex pillows are made with shredded 100% natural latex that support the head and neck while you slumber. They come in a queen or king size, each with the option to add on a sateen pillow case of your choice. Sleep amongst the clouds with this pillowy-soft pillow from Buffy. The Cloud Pillow is made of recycled bottles, between 24 and 30 each, but you would never be able to tell while feeling the soft 300 thread count sateen cover. This extra luxe pillow is the pillow of your dreams. For a treat every night, invest in the Cozy Earth Silk Pillow, now with a 4.9 star average rating on the site. It is made of viscose from bamboo, for a soft and sustainable choice. Forget pink, think Purple. This memory foam pillow from Purple is made from the same GelFlex Grid as their iconic mattress, with cooling properties as well as an ergonomic design to keep you head and neck fully supported as you sleep. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.