Buckingham Palace aides have reportedly reworded a nursery rhyme to mock Prince Andrew over his roughly $12 million settlement with former Jeffrey Epstein sex slave Virginia Roberts Giuffre. “The grand old Duke of York, he had 12 million quid. He gave it to someone he’d never met, for something he never did,” the new spin on the nursery rhyme goes, insiders told the Sunday Times. The lyrics refer to the disgraced royal’s infamous 2019 interview with the BBC in which he claimed to have “no recollection” of ever meeting Giuffre — despite a photo in which he was seen with his arm around the then-17-year-old at now-convicted madam Ghislaine Maxwell’s home. The sum of the settlement will not be publicly disclosed, according to papers filed last week in Manhattan federal court, but a source has told The Post the estimated total is $12 million. Andrew, long dubbed “Randy Andy,” said in an unsigned letter submitted as an attachment to the settlement that he accepts that Giuffre has suffered as an “established victim” of sex abuse but does not admit any wrongdoing. The prince — who was stripped of his military and royal titles in January — has long maintained his innocence. In his stunning settlement, Andrew signed a gag order to stop him from denying in the future that he had sex with Giuffre when she was 17, the Telegraph has reported. It’s unclear how he will pay the settlement — but the Telegraph said the Queen will fund part of it from her private Duchy of Lancaster estate. Meanwhile, the “pariah prince,” who turned 62 on Saturday, will brave a public appearance on March 29, when the Queen and her family will attend a service for the late Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey, according to the Sunday Times. A source close to Andrew told the news outlet that “there is genuine regret he was ever involved with Epstein.” The source said: “It is too early to say what his life will look like in the future. He is remorseful, particularly about the impact it has had on his mother and his family.”