Forget all those dangerous challenges and chilling stunts: This is a kinder, gentler TikTok. A content creator known as ItsMeFuzz has gone viral after sharing two optical illusions that he claims reveal insights into a viewer’s personality. The brain-teasing video — viewed a staggering 6.9 million times since it was uploaded in mid-January — is now generating a spirited online discussion, with commenters debating “what you see first says about you.” In the clip, ItsMeFuzz first shares an image depicting either a woman’s face or a man playing the saxophone — depending on how you look at it. “If you ended up seeing the woman first, this means the right side of your brain is more developed than the left, so you’re more creative and artistic,” the TikToker claimed. He went on to say that viewers who saw the saxophone player first have brains that are  better developed on the left side, meaning they are likely to be more logical and analytical. Next, the TikToker shared a second image showing either a tree outlined in white or the silhouettes of two people gazing at one another. “If you ended up seeing the tree first, this means you have a very high attention to detail and you’re also really good at reading people’s moods,” ItsMeFuzz claimed. However, those who saw the two silhouettes are allegedly “much better at staying calm and dealing with people, even if they’re nervous.” Of course thousands of people took to the comments section to share their results. A majority of viewers claimed they saw the man playing the saxophone in the first image, and the tree in the second image. They also said the TikToker’s personality explanations matched with how they saw themselves. Meanwhile, a number of people claimed they were able to see both at the same time. “Is there something wrong with me?” one stressed-out viewer asked. Others flooded the comments section claiming they saw a variety of other things in the images, including an Eiffel Tower, a bear and a man smoking a cigarette. The TikToker has additionally uploaded a series of other optical illusions, all of which have now garnered hundreds of thousands of views, with people eager to get an insight into their own personality.