Sunday’s Super Bowl 2022 isn’t just about the Rams and the Bengals — it’s also about the day’s buzziest commercials. This year, celebrities including Megan Thee Stallion, Ewan McGregor, Zendaya, real-life couple Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost and Kevin Hart are just a few of the names lending star power to the ads. The game airs beginning at 6 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 13, on CBS with the kickoff set for 6:30 — and The Post has the early scoop on all the night’s big commercials. This ad, “Zero in the Way of Possibility,” spotlights Anheuser-Busch’s first zero-carb beer with vignettes featuring people fleeing a party, escaping a cubicle and enjoying drinks in a living room together. According to Bud Light, the theme is meant to demonstrate what’s possible when people “break traditional conventions.” Ewan McGregor reminisces about his experiences traveling in this spot for the booking company, which returns to the big game after over a decade of sitting it out. Andy Richter, dressed as the Roman emperor Caesar, checks himself out in a mirror and wonders if he can “pull this off” since he’s not Italian. In this spot, Emmy-winning “Euphoria” star Zendaya plays Sally — who has trouble selling her seashells by the seashore, until she signs up with Squarespace. For its Super Bowl debut, the electronic commerce company has a “Casino Royale” theme. “You Always Win with Rakuten” features Hannah Waddingham of “Ted Lasso” fame dressed to the nines at a high-stakes poker game. The sports betting company’s Goddess of Fortune comments on life experiences that are gambles, such as falling in love or driving a motorcycle over a jump. Megan Thee Stallion and Charlie Puth star in this Flamin’ Hot spot for both Doritos and Cheetos. In it, a birdwatcher drops a bag of chips in a forest while a deer, a bear, a sloth and other animals devour the snacks — and react to the flavor by bursting into song. Stallion and Puth voice the songbird and the fox. Jennifer Coolidge, Trevor Noah, “Succession” co-star Nicholas Braun and Gwyneth Paltrow appear in this spot in which they receive non-food deliveries from Uber Eats like makeup and candles, and proceed to eat them. J.B. Smoove, Halle Berry and the Mannings — Eli, Peyton, Archie, and Cooper — headline the first Super Bowl ad for the sports betting app. For the 30-second clip “Special Ops: Fit Crew,” a special-ops unit installs various WeatherTech products on a vehicle. Directly after the halftime show, Toronto Raptors star Kyle Lowry appears in this spot for the Canadian cryptocurrency exchange, which pokes fun at him for missing “over 6,000 shots” in his basketball career and encourages the viewer to not be like Lowry. Guy Fieri plays off his “Mayor of Flavortown” slogan, as a group of friends journey to a whimsical city presided over by the TV host, who declares Bud Light Hard Seltzer to have the “loudest” flavors. Welcome back, Lindsay Lohan! The actress pokes fun at her headline-grabbing life, with the narration of William Shatner. In it, she “trades DUIs for DIYs,” beats Dennis Rodman at “Jeopardy,” and helps Danny Trejo decorate his ankle monitor — attributing her turnaround to joining Planet Fitness. In this spot for the electric Kia EV6, a robo dog stands inside of a store window looking mournfully at the world outside while the song “Total Eclipse of the Heart” by Bonnie Tyler plays. The “pooch” chases a Kia, whose owner invites him to go for a ride. Celeb pals Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd star in this ad, reminiscing about snacking on Lay’s chips through memories of road trips, shared flights, moving into a haunted house, getting kidnapped and other “golden” good times. The chip brand’s commercial highlights the problem of getting your hand stuck in one of its can. “Thrill Driver” spotlights the electric 2023 Nissan Ariya and stars Eugene Levy, Brie Larson, David Bautista and Danai Gurira. In it, Levy borrows a car from Larson and speeds past his “Schitt’s Creek” co-star Catherine O’Hara — then progresses from wearing a suit to looking like a long-haired, leather-clad action star. Kevin Hart features assumes that he is a VIP and that the warehouse club’s Scan & Go app is “just” for him, oblivious to the fact that other shoppers are using it too. A crew of dancers takes to the New York City streets in a Broadway-style dance number, choreographed by “La La Land” choreographer Mandy Moore, to cheer on a woman who decides that she’s finally going to sell her car. Pete Davison and former linebacker/current Patriots coach Jerod Mayo star in this spot for the mayonnaise brand, in which Mayo tackles various people who are perpetuating food waste. When he apologizes to Davidson after tackling the “Saturday Night Live,” star, Davidson quips: “I get it. I’m very hittable.” After a five-year absence, the fast-food giant returns with a 30-second spot, “The Grande Escape,” featuring Doja Cat. Real-life married couple Scarlett Johansson and “SNL” star Colin Jost star in their first joint project. In the clip, Alexa appears to be able to read their minds — setting a reminder for Jost to “fake his own death” on March 8 as Johansson rehearses for a cringeworthy show set to open on that date. Idris Elba stars in the online travel agency’s first super bowl spot. He solicits advice from fellow celebrity spokesmen Jonathan Goldsmith, Dos Equis’ most interesting man in the world, and Isaiah Mustafa from the Old Spice commercials. The soap brand’s commercial follows a middle-aged man on a raft as he washes ashore at a utopian land, filled with young people, where everything smells fresh and clean. The accounting software will have its first-ever spot in the big game. Ty Burell stars in this ad for the financial technology company, teaching kids financial literacy. The “Modern Family” actor brags about his “smart money decisions” then buys a suit of armor, a Fabergé egg, designer sneakers and other impractical purchases. This spot, advertising the brand’s electric vehicle, features  Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Greek god Zeus. But when he stops by a coffee shop to pick up a macchiato, the barista butchers his name. Get ready to cry. “A Clydesdale’s Journey,” directed by Oscar winner Chloé Zhao (“Nomdadland”), focuses on a wounded horse regaining the will to run. Demi Moore and Mila Kunis — the past and current wives of Ashton Kutcher — meet at their high-school reunion both thinking they will win the “most admired alum” award. The punchline: “We have a lot in common.” (Only airs in markets where AT&T fiber is available.) Who else would bowl at an alley called Superior Bowl but Peyton Manning … and Steve Buschemi? A woman gleefully boasts about how easy it is to get a car from the used car retailer to everyone in her life, including her son, her dentist and a store cashier. Called “Your Cousin from Boston (Dynamics),” this spot advertises the brand’s Wicked IPA Party Pack and features the “Your Cousin From Boston” spokesman dancing with the Boston Dynamics robot Spot, who also appeared in Katy Perry’s music video for “When I’m Gone.” In this clip, two friends share a beer in the wilderness while Kenny G appears in the clouds to serenade them as “the voice of the mountains.” The medical technology company, which focuses on women’s health, delivers a commercial starring Mary J. Blige, who is also performing in the halftime show.