Your dream of never having to deal with another door-to-door salesman again can finally come true. Say ta-ta to trick-or-treaters and Jehovah’s Witnesses, too. Because unless they have a boat, or hovercraft, they won’t be able to bother you at your new address of 1 Bald Eagle Island. There are no comps for this exclusive new listing in White Bear Lake, Minn. That’s because this head-turning home, just 20 minutes northeast of the Twin Cities, comes with its own 2.3-acre private island. “It’s a trophy property,” current owner Nathan Landucci told The Post. He listed 1 Bald Eagle Island earlier this month and has already had a few showings. He paid just $900,000 for it in 2016, Zillow shows. So how did Landucci arrive at the $6.6 million-dollar asking price? “I completely gutted the place from the top down,” explained the CEO of Landucci Homes. The original owners, Nick and Jan Van Brunt, built their eye-catching oasis, where they raised two sons, in 1985. After 30 years of living in the middle of Bald Eagle Lake, they traded up for the Big Island of Hawaii. Enter Landucci. The builder tacked on four new additions – bringing the total square footage to just less than 10,000 square feet. The five-bedroom, six-bathroom home now boasts a state-of-the-art audio system, two bars, a professional home theater and a league-size racquetball court. It also comes with a shore garage, docks and a hovercraft. “You need the hovercraft to get to shore during the transition period,” said Landucci. By that, Landucci means there are a few weeks on either end of winter before boating is possible. January through March the ice is usually thick enough to commute by car. Still, good luck getting Amazon to deliver your packages. On the plus side, there are no HOA fees – just about $25,000 per year in property taxes. If that’s too much, don’t lose hope. Private Islands Online currently has more than 1,000 private islands for sale. The company’s Director of Operations, Sabah Memon, says they have several listings in the U.S. for under $500,000. “Buyers might even be able to find something under $100,000.” said Memon