Mask mandates in public schools across New York will be lifted this Wednesday, Gov. Kathy Hochul announced Sunday — and she feels “confident” Big Apple Mayor Eric Adams will follow suit but said it’s ultimately up to him. Speaking from Albany, Hochul said local governments would now be empowered to set their own school mask requirements in accordance with new guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released on Friday that reclassified much of the state as “low risk” for COVID infection. “Given the decline in our rates, our hospitalizations, strong vaccination rates and the CDC guidance, we, friends, the day has come,” Hochul said. “Today we are going to be announcing that we’ll be lifting the statewide mask requirement in schools, and that’ll be effective this Wednesday, March 2.” Hochul said she had spoken to Mayor Eric Adams and “feels confident” he will follow her lead and yank the city’s school mask requirement, but declined to speak on his behalf. “My position is to empower the local governments to make the decisions for their entire county. But I’ve always said that if there are entities within and we’re going to whether it’s a city, a school district and school if they choose to be more restrictive. We will not prohibit that whatsoever,” she said. “If they wanted to continue them longer, that is certainly their prerogative.” Adams last week announced that city students would no longer be required to mask up during outdoor activities — and teased further rollbacks of COVID precautions. A Siena college poll conducted Feb. 14 to 17 found 58 percent of New Yorkers wanted Hochul to wait until early March data before deciding whether to lift the school mask mandate, compared to 30 percent who believe the mask should have ended already, with the rest undecided. Instead of looking only at confirmed case counts, the CDC on Friday said it will consider the risk the virus poses to individual communities based largely on the number of severe cases and hospital admissions. Wearing a mask is no longer recommended in most indoor public spaces, including schools, in low-risk areas, currently including New York City and much of upstate, the CDC said. But the agency still advises wearing masks in high risk communities, and says they should be “considered” in areas deemed medium risk. In her comments on Sunday, Hochul urged New Yorkers to treat those who continue to wear masks with respect. Masks are still required on transit and in state-regulated healthcare facilities, nursing homes, prisons and shelters. “We will not stand for any bullying or ostracization or harassment of an individual or a business or anyone who chooses to wear a mask,” the governor said. “We’re going to continue distributing masks, we’re going to continue distributing test kits. We’re going to continue our aggressive vaccination strategies.”