Subway platform barriers will be tested at three stations in Manhattan and Queens, MTA Chair Janno Lieber said on Wednesday. The new shove-preventing barriers will be installed at Times Square on the 7 line, Third Avenue on the L line and Sutphin Boulevard/JFK Airport at the end of the E line, Lieber said during an appearance on NY1. Lieber and his team previously studied and ruled out platform doors as part of the MTA’s current capital improvement plan. That changed after the January 15 murder of Michelle Go, who was pushed onto the tracks in the Times Square station by a mentally ill homeless man. In addition to the trial platform doors, MTA officials are exploring using thermal and laser technology to detect track intrusions, Lieber told NY1. “It’s going to take a while. We’re going to put the money together, which is a little complicated,” he said. “But our goal is to try out these technologies, at different places in the system, including three stations, trying out platform doors.” Lieber told NY1 the MTA would also collaborate with NYU Medical Center “to figure out how to deter people from, God forbid, committing suicide by jumping on tracks.” Transit officials have considered, then ruled out platform door upgrades on several occasions in the past. A 2017 study found the cost for all 472 subway stations would exceed $7 billion. Kara Gurl of the MTA’s Permanent Citizens Advisory Committee welcomed the three-station trial but questioned the rationale of installing barriers everywhere. “While we’re glad platform doors are being tested, we don’t believe this is the answer system-wide, as it would mean platform reconstruction, likely temporary closing of stations, and other issues including rolling stock alignment,” Gurl said. Go’s murder occurred during a month that saw a slight bump in felonies on the subways in January compared to December, despite significantly lower ridership because of the Omicron variant, according to NYPD figures. Mayor Eric Adams has pledged to send teams of outreach workers and NYPD to identify mentally ill and homeless people who need to be removed from the subway system. On Monday, the first night of the new initiative, outreach teams engaged just 100 individuals in the subway system. City Hall has not said how many people actually made it into shelters or were connected to services.