Treadmills were all the rage. Rowers took the fitness space by storm. Now, indoor exercise bikes are owning center stage. But indoor cycling isn’t just exercise — it’s an experience, and many indoor cyclists would agree. With music-driven choreography, large screens, and often many flashing lights, it’s easy to see why fitness fans are falling more in love with the practice. Best of all, cycling provides users with tangible results that are fun and achievable. To help you grasp a better understanding of the practice, The Post spoke with international fitness expert and creator of The SLR Life Fitness Program Sarah Louise Rector. Keep reading for her indoor cycling expertise as well as her top recommended indoor exercise bikes. Click an option below to go to a desired section: Rector explained that indoor cycling provides users with “a low impact cardio workout” while allowing you to boost your stamina, build strength, tone the lower body and burn fat. But the benefits of indoor cycling don’t end with training. “At home exercise bikes provide you with easier access to getting your workout on straight out of bed whilst a baby is napping or in between zoom meetings,” Rector said. Therefore, indoor cycling allows you to take fitness into your own hands and mold it to your lifestyle. After all, it’s all done from the comfort of your own home. But best of all, having an indoor bike can actually save you financially in the long run. “It’s cheaper having a bike at home than paying for trainers and gym memberships,” Rector explained. “It’s a one time purchase that you have for life.” Indoor bikes and outdoor bikes are often compared. While they have similar features, they greatly vary. First off, Rector told the New York Post that indoor cycling bikes provide various levels of resistance training all while staying stationary and calling it a “no excuses workout.” Consequently, outdoor bikes require you to travel to various terrains to achieve that same workout. On that same note, you can always count on getting a good workout with an indoor bike no matter the weather, as it’s a “great compact piece of equipment that doesn’t need much space.” Rector continued by saying those with small spaces shouldn’t shy away from adding an indoor bike to their home, as they can be “moved around by one person, are slender in width and don’t have any additional attachments.” If an indoor cycling bike sparks your fitness interest, your next question may be, “What makes a good cycling bike, well, good?” Rector breaks it down into seven categories: resistance, time, distance, heart monitoring, handle bar positioning, seat adjustment and screen. First, you want to ensure the bike provides a wide array of resistance training “so you can perform intervals, more challenges, uphill effort and build stamina,” Rector said. Next, you should make sure the bike of your choice allows you to track your time, which helps keep you focused, and depicts your distance, which helps you stay engaged and involved. If all of this talk has piqued your interest in an at-home exercise bike, check out our expert recommended picks below. Why experts like it: This indoor bicycle features a sturdy frame an a heavy 49lb weighted flywheel. Therefore, you’re guaranteed a sturdy ride. You can also look forward to varying resistance levels, a silent ride, an adjustable seat and handlebars and a bottle holder. Shop all Sunny Health & Fitness indoor bikes here. Why experts like it: With the Bowflex bike, you can look forward to a smooth and quiet ride, a backlit LCD console, 100 varying resistance levels, dual-sided pedals, a pair of dumbbells and a bluetooth enabled heart rate armband. Best of all, you can gain access to the JRNY membership at no additional cost ($149 value). Shop all Bowflex indoor bikes here. Why experts like it: The NordicTrack studio cycle bike gives you access to 30 days of the iFIT Family Membership, a 22” rotating HD touchscreen, a quiete incline motor, auto-adjusting resistance and so much more. Shop all NordicTrack indoor bikes here. Why experts like it: With the JOROTO indoor bike, you can enjoy a quiet ride, a top-tier solid build, a fully-adjustable set up, an emergency stop brake and one year of free replacement parts. Shop all JOROTO indoor bikes here. With the Echelon bike, you can look forward to world-class instructors, live and on-demand classes, performance tracking, a global community and trending music to cycle to. Shop all Echelon indoor bikes here. The MYX II Bike features a complete fitness system perfect for your body and mind. Features include a swivel touchscreen tablet, motivating trainers, thousands of workouts, in-workout data and a heart rate monitor. Better yet, you can pair your bike to your Apple Watch. Shop all MYX Fitness indoor bikes here. Look forward to one free year of the JRNY membership, a quiet ride, magnetic resistance, bluetooth connectivity, an adjustable seat, a large LCD display, a heart rate monitor and more. Shop all Schwinn indoor bikes here. Enjoy unlimited bike rides, access to the Equinox+ mobile app, on-demand classes and a wide array of music genres. Best of all, you’ll get to take classes from top-industry fitness instructors. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.