The Rangers’ offense was seemingly at its peak before the two-week break in their game schedule, having scored three goals or more in nine of 10 games prior to All-Star weekend, including three contests with five or more tallies. In their first three games back, however, the Rangers’ scoring rate has slowed down a bit. Aside from the past three matchups, the Blueshirts have been limited to two goals or fewer in three consecutive contests only one other time this season. That was back in December against the Sabres, Predators and Avalanche — and the Rangers went 1-2. Despite the recent drop-off in scoring since their schedule resumed, the Rangers won two of the three games and collected five points to remain within the top three spots of the Metropolitan Division. Though they totaled five goals in regulation over those three games, the Rangers gave up just four. “Good enough to win, that’s about it,” coach Gerard Gallant said of the Rangers’ offense after practice at MSG Training Center on Tuesday. “We’re getting some chances. I don’t think we’re playing our best game yet, it was a long break. We found ways to play good enough to win hockey games. We played good shutdown hockey, we had good goaltending. It’s nice to win those games, too. But I think we can bring more offense for sure.” There are two major factors that have contributed to the Rangers’ dip in production. For starters, the Rangers have had just four power-play opportunities over the past three games. They did manage to capitalize on two of them at opportune times, with Mika Zibanejad’s game-tying goal against the Red Wings and Artemi Panarin’s game-winner against the Senators. Post Sports+ members, sign up to have Mollie Walker text you the latest word on the Rangers and reply with your thoughts and questions. Not a Sports+ member yet? Try it now. The Rangers’ power play is currently not only ranked third in the league at 26.6 percent, but it is often able to generate additional momentum that the team can draw from long after it’s over. With opponents now actively trying to stay out of the box against them, the Rangers have had to work at their five-on-five game. On the other hand, Chris Kreider has gone the past three games without a point — which has also only happened one other time this season. Kreider’s longest goal drought was four contests in early December, but the veteran winger has otherwise been at the heart of the Rangers’ offense. When he isn’t producing, it is noticeable. “I think we’d all like to contribute and get on the score sheet,” Kevin Rooney said. “You look at the couple games, it felt like we were controlling the play, but maybe not getting those chances we want. I think for at least our line, and maybe [Filip Chytil’s] line, we’re talking about getting on the inside and getting in the goalie’s eyes a little bit more, going low to high and trying to pound pucks and create offense other ways. Usually, when you do that, the skill plays will open up. “Throughout our whole lineup, I think we can all do a little bit more of that.” Major division points will be on the line with games against the Capitals and Penguins on deck. The Rangers may find that two goals won’t be enough against such teams, but then again, it hasn’t stopped them before. “I think as we go down the stretch, it’s only going to get tighter,” Rooney said. “It’s going to be a dogfight coming down the stretch and none of the games are going to be easy. We got to get comfortable playing in these one-goal games, whether you’re down one or up one. We’ve got to feel confident, and I feel like we’re starting to do that a little bit more here in the second half.”