Believe it or not, we’re blossoming into spring, regardless if we just took our snow blowers and snow boots out of storage recently. Flipping in tandem with the calendar, we’re going from winterizing to spring-refreshing: tending to new plants, looking into new golf clubs for the season and uncovering our patio furniture. But, it may be time to give our outdoor patio furniture a refresh of its own. From wicker armrests that are practically falling apart at the seams to tables that look like the weather’s gotten the best of them, it’s just about time. Conveniently, we ran the gamut of the best online retailers to buy patio furniture from, whether you’re interested in a complete set, a table for entertaining or simply a chair for soaking in the sunbeams. Not to mention, a quality gazebo you can buy on Amazon may be something to add to your wishlist ahead of spring. Take a look at the six best places to buy outdoor patio furniture this year, from The Home Depot to Wayfair. There’s nothing quite like being prepared before the new season emerges, either — especially with this weekend’s Presidents Day deals. Not only is The Home Depot the grown-up toy store for tools and tractors but it’s also a wonderful place to pick up fairly priced patio furniture. Take the Hampton Bay Northport 4-Piece Wicker Seating Set ($599), including tan cushions and a coffee table — perfect for entertaining. Or, perhaps your taste taps more into Southern charm. Then, the Laurel Oaks Collection — with items ranging from $15 to $949 — is perfect for you; choose from this 8-ft. outdoor umbrella ($349) and the five-piece brown steel outdoor seating set ($949), the latter coming with a fire pit that’s perfect for s’mores. Charming and superb for a greenery-flocked yard, Lowe’s vast selection of patio furniture isn’t just home-y but it won’t be hard on your wallet, either. Shop the Xizzi Warrior Wicker Outdoor Sectional ($1,032, original price: $1,159) for a Hamptons-inspired entertainer that’s trending at Lowe’s right now. Or, the Safavieh Cadeo Wicker Outdoor Day Bed ($401) is a pretty great buy to create a Havana from the safe haven of your backyard. What’s more, Lowe’s is home to some of our other favorites, too, like the new Ovios Vultros Rattan Outdoor Sofa ($648) and the bestselling Style Selections Elliot Creek Rectangle Outdoor Dining Table ($274). Surprisingly, Walmart’s catalog of patio furniture is just as good as its rollbacks. We instantly fell in love with Vineego’s 7-Piece Wicker Set ($616) that’s one of the most affordable sectional-included bundles we’ve seen. Also coming in hot is Mainstays’ Brayhills Bistro Set ($225) that’s perfect for quaint outdoor gatherings with your loved one. Plus, the brand’s Sandhill 7-Piece Outdoor Patio Sectional Set ($568) is even more affordable than the one mentioned above (and just as lovely in its ivory nature). Though we love taking out the red grocery carts (which are some of the smoothest ever, may we add) and taking a good peruse through Target, its patio furniture is something that won’t fit in your wheeler — and that’s why it’s great to order it online. As the spot for Chip and Joanna Gaines’ Magnolia collection, we’re not at all surprised by the beautiful pieces Target has to offer. From the Southport 2-Pack Club Chairs ($450) to the Tropic Island Wide Hammock and Stand ($200), we can’t get enough of its almost bohemian styles. We also have our eyes on Threshold’s 2-Pack Wicker & Metal Patio Dining Chairs ($350) for a buy-as-many-as-you-need offering. Per the commercials, Wayfair has “just what you need.” Speaking of, its endless selection of patio furniture hits that nail right on its head. For an on-sale backyard staple, snag the Lark Manor Hogans Wicker and Rattan Four-Person Seating Group ($180, original price: $400). Or, opt for the Gracie Oaks Amaara Bar Serving Cart ($316, original price: $629) if you’d like to serve fresh lemonade or tequila mixers by the pool. Also, Wayfair is one of our favorite destinations for area rugs — both indoor and outdoor. Shop the Steelside Raya Chevron Rug ($40, original price: $65) or the Andover Mills Heartwood Geometric Rug ($133, original price: $240) for two premier choices. We don’t want to say we’re saving the best for last, but with Prime’s two-day shipping, it’s hard not to shop (and love) the patio furniture on Amazon. The stunning 7-Piece Outdoor Furniture Set by Sunlei ($620, original price: $900) is nearly screaming your name to order it, decked out with its cushiony, home-y feel. Another fitting option for your yard is Lausaint Home’s 3-Piece Conversation Set ($600) for a quality, comfortable look and feel. For some shade, Safavieh’s Elegance Valence Tilt Umbrella ($136, original price: $316) is a white and navy option that’s photogenic and practical, too. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.