Along with shopping for the best patio furniture, bestselling outdoor fire pits and the catalog of Amazon home items available, refreshing your space also calls for the best vacuum. Truthfully, I’m a sucker for any device, gadget or gizmo that will clean my home like a charm. From color-coding everything from nail polishes to work dresses in my closet to scheduling time each Sunday for a weekend deep clean, I can’t finish the job without a trusty vacuum at my disposal. So, I reviewed the best Dyson vacuums, along with the Roborock S7+ Robot Vacuum, for you to consider. Plus, I rounded up, in total, the 15 best vacuums that are big hits specifically on Amazon. Whether you fancy the easy-to-maneuver cordless vacuum cleaner, a high-tech robot vacuum fit for your multitasking lifestyle or a simple handheld to power on in hard-to-reach places, there’s a model for you below. Click to jump to the vacuum review or our exclusive edit: First things first — let me start by saying that, yes, $950 is rather steep for a robot vacuum, even if you don’t mind the price tag. But the quality, precision of cleaning, multi-tasking ability and ultra-modern functionality are quite unmatched. I didn’t think robot vacuums were all the rage, if I’m being honest. After all, won’t a cordless stick vacuum do the job? Spoiler alert: they do, as mentioned in the Dyson vacuums review, but with the Roborock S7+ Robot Vacuum and Sonic Mop, I’m able to work my 9-to-5, read a few chapters of my book, paint my nails and even shower. It’s not only life-changing but life-giving. What’s great about the Roborock S7+ is its ability to recognize and remember your home’s map. While I remove any shopping bags or shoes from my hardwood floor before setting it to clean, it does a wonderful job of avoiding furniture legs and even has the built-in smartness to recognize textured carpet and power on to a higher speed. Moreover, the paired app is extremely useful. You can pause a clean at any time and you’ll receive a notification when it’s finished cleaning and on its way back to its charging dock. (Yeah, it’s that disciplined.) The dust bin is simple to remove and it’s easy to clean afterward; a simple damp rag over the bottom will do. Explore other Roborock models that fit into your budget, too. With customized cleaning options, the included miniature cleaning tools and its asthma and allergy-friendly design, it’s no surprise that Dyson’s V8 Cordless Vacuum was the best I tested. I use it a few times a week because it’s so unobtrusive to maneuver. With this model, I’m still impressed by how lightweight it is, yet its head is effective and durable, too. It also transforms into a handheld vacuum that’s great for your car and staircase area. At first, I was skeptical about Dyson’s Omni-Glide. It looked too small out of the box to be effective, even though I knew its quality (driven by the Dyson name) would be high. After months of using it, it’s the one I most often resort to for my bedroom and smaller spaces for a quick tidy. Its velvet-spinning head is too exceptional not to mention. Coupled with its lightweight size, this model glides into corners exceptionally well, living up to its name. Plus, you can store it with the included wall-mounted charging dock to keep it upright or position it horizontally underneath your bed or couch. It’s that lightweight and compact. Similar to Dyson’s V8, the V7 Animal has slightly better suction power and is just a bit heavier. Much like the Omni-Glide, it snuggles into corners well, which is impressive given its head is wider and tougher than its slimmer counterpart. The V7 Animal was one of the first models to make cordless vacuums a tried-and-true necessity, too. I’ve gotten everyone in my family hooked on its power and it truly doesn’t disappoint, especially for the $400 price point that’s a one-time fee for a lifetime of cleaning. I’ve had the Dyson Ball Animal 2 Upright Vacuum Cleaner as the sole carpet-cleaning device in my household for as long as I remember. Though it’s heavy and cordless — minor inconveniences after testing the brand’s cordless stick models — it does a ferocious job of deep-cleaning textured carpets. From shag to Berber, this model collects fine dust and debris exceptionally well. If you prefer heavy-duty vacuums, I recommend it, though cordless models have that convenience factor you may want to consider. Ah, the robot vacuum that’s known for its smart abilities to make cleaning a snap. For $245, it’s a more affordable robot vacuum than the Roborock S7+, boasting the same WiFi connectivity. Plus, it has a patented three-stage cleaning system that picks up both small particles and larger debris. Sometimes, a trusty handheld vacuum will do the trick. Black+Decker’s Dustbuster is a great cleaning tool to have on hand for less than $50. Its portable, lightweight nature coupled with its slim-nozzled, ergonomic design makes it perfect to keep in your back pocket. Hoover’s OnePwer Evolve Cordless Vacuum is an Amazon’s Choice product, and for a good reason — when a cord-free cleaning tool is less than $200, is lightweight and well-equipped to pick up pet hair, you run. Also, this model is a standout for working well on hardwood floors and carpet alike. Slim body aside, Shark’s Anti-Allergen Pet Power Cordless Stick Vacuum is fairly priced for its Dyson-like functionality. It runs for up to 50 minutes of cleaning, has a powerful brush head and even transforms into a handheld vacuum to tackle just about every crevice in your home. For one of Amazon’s top-rated canister vacuums, consider the Eureka WhirlWind. For less than $75, it has three settings for carpet, upholstery and hard floors and is especially ergonomic for maneuvering over your couch cushions and mattress. Also, it’s bag-free, so all you’ll have to maintain is its washable, reusable filter. Its easy-to-use, two-in-one crevice tool is a nifty feature as well. For $34, you truly have nothing to lose. We can practically feel how lightweight Bissell’s Featherweight Stick Vacuum is through the computer screen and appreciate that it comes with a crevice tool for more convenient cleaning. You don’t have to spend hundreds of dollars on a robot vacuum to have a smart cleaning device in your home. We’re so glad we discovered PrettyCare’s Cordless Vacuum Cleaner — a powerful tool that’s similar to Dyson but with an LED touch display to control the suction level. For $140, it’s worth adding to your cart. As one of the most affordable robot vacuums we found, Eufy by Anker’s BoostIQ RoboVac is a less-than-$200 option that’s slimmer than most — so apt for smaller spaces. It’s also much-loved for being impressively quiet and for upping its cleaning speed when hovering over carpet. While cleaning efficiency is a priority, Dreamtech’s Cordless Vacuum Cleaner also graces your home with a sleek white and gold exterior that’s too minimally chic not to love. Specifically, this model has a powerful brushless motor, up to an hour of runtime and a five-layer filtration system to capture even the most minuscule dust particles. It’s one of our favorites, by far. Not only known for its fabulous Picture Frame TV, but Samsung also has a new device in town: its Jet Cordless Stick Vacuum. For $200 off right now, it has a five-layer filtration system like Dreametech’s model, too, and an automatically emptying dustbin to make cleaning an easy-breezy process. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.