New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez whined about her job and blamed the expiration of the expanded child tax credit for fueling crime in a new interview where she claimed that parents are stealing baby formula to feed their kids. The firebrand socialist ignored the fact that a thriving, nationwide black market in stolen baby formula was documented more than five years ago and that the item was being pilfered from city stores long before the tax credit expired, with cops calling it a favorite of the alleged “Man of Steal” shoplifter Isaac Rodriguez, who racked up at least 46 arrests last year. Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY), representing the Bronx and Queens, also complained about her $174,000-a-year gig as a federal lawmaker, calling Congress a “s–t show” that she claims has her thinking about walking away from politics “all the time.” “I ate s–t when I was a waitress and bartender, and I eat s–t as a member of Congress. It’s called a job, you know?” she told the New Yorker in potty-mouthed remarks posted online Monday. Ocasio-Cortez further insisted that the recent election of Mayor Eric Adams, a former NYPD cop, on a law-and-order platform was not “evidence of some sort of decision around policing,” and she accused America of ignoring the reasons behind the rise in crime that accompanied the COVID-19 pandemic. “Because we run away from substantive discussions about this, we don’t want to say some of the things that are obvious, like, Gee, the child-tax credit just ran out, on December 31st, and now people are stealing baby formula,” AOC said. The New Yorker’s Q&A with Ocasio-Cortez was published two days after the firebrand progressive stumped for two fellow Democrats in Texas, where she predicted that the Lone Star State “turning blue” was “inevitable.” But in her Feb. 1  interview, Ocasio-Cortez, the leading face of the Democratic Socialists of America, acknowledged supporting a socialist mayoral candidate in Buffalo last year in a race “which ultimately didn’t pan out.” Ocasio-Cortez avoided answering a number of tough questions from the New Yorker,  refusing to rate President Biden’s performance in office, reveal whether she plans to challenge Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) or say whether House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) should be replaced. Ocasio-Cortez also wouldn’t name names when asked which fellow Democrats have “disappointed” her, saying only, “I still am disappointed in leadership and in my colleagues, because, ultimately these conversations about ‘defund [the police],’ or this, that, and the other, are what is happening in public and popular conversations.” At one point, Ocasio-Cortez said former MNBC host Brian Williams helped paint her as a “radical socialist” and she claimed that the response to the controversial “Tax the Rich” dress she wore to last year’s exclusive Met Gala was “quite positive” in her community. Ocasio-Cortez also defended her decision to spar online with her critics, including calling Republicans “creepy weirdos” after Steve Cortes, who was a campaign adviser to ex-President Donald Trump, mocked her boyfriend’s “gross pale male feet” and “hideous sandals” during the couple’s trip to Miami last month. “And sometimes how I feel is, if I’m going to be this, like, commodified avatar thing, then I’m going to play with it, like a toy,” she said.