New York City is sick and “tired” of violent teens — and so is this Manhattan judge. A fed-up jurist unloaded on an alleged teen robber Monday — two days after another judge threw him behind bars to teach him a lesson. “We’re tired. New York City is tired,” Acting Supreme Court Justice Stephen Antignani snapped at 16-year-old Hunter Robinson. The alleged teen terror is accused, along with four others, of jumping a 15-year-old boy and stealing his wallet, phone, coat and shoes before pistol-whipping him on Jan. 6. Robinson was thrown in jail Saturday by another no-nonsense Judge Melissa Jackson when a prosecutor from District Attorney Alvin Bragg’s office asked him to be released with monitoring and a curfew. On Monday, the teen’s lawyer attempted to get him sprung from juvie — but like Jackson, Antignani gave him a dressing-down. “You want to allegedly participate in incidents like this that dehumanize another human being?” Antignani said. “For what? If you did it, for what?” “There’s nothing good about jail. It’s not nice in there,” he added, noting Robinson’s lack of freedom at the Crossroads Juvenile Center. “Crossroads is not a good place to be. They’re gonna tell you when to wake up and tell you when to go to bed,” the judge said. “But if the allegation is true, then so be it, so be it.” The stern talking-to came after Robinson’s Legal Aid attorney, Nicole Jardim, had asked Antignani to reconsider Jackson’s decision to send him to the slammer. In refusing the prosecutor’s request to spring Robinson at his arraignment Saturday, Jackson questioned the decision not to ask for monetary bail. “I am not granting it. I am not going to do all of that,” Jackson flatly told the prosecutor, adding, “I can’t understand why you are not asking for some form of monetary bail in a case as serious as this.” During that hearing, Jardim had appealed to the judge to consider the teen’s background, including his good grades — As and Bs — and lack of a criminal record. She brought up Robinson’s clean record again on Monday, but Antignani noted that “Judge Jackson heard all that” and there was “nothing new” that would make him revise the bail package. Prosecutors allege Robinson was part of a violent group who lured a fellow student into a stairwell on Jan. 6 to rob him. One of them pointed a gun in the victim’s face, and another brandished a gun and struck him in the face with it. “If you committed this act, think about what the 15-year-old thought,” Antignani told Robinson on Monday. “Think about that having two guns pointed at him, according to the allegation.” “Now, you may not have done it. But that’s what happened to him,” the judge continued. “Two guns were pointed at him. Two. And the people allege that they were your friends who did and that your sister set it up.” He added: “We are done in New York City,” before remanding the teen until his next court date on Wednesday. “Look at your little sister,” Antignani told Robinson of his sobbing sibling who was with their mother in the gallery. “She’s crying.” The group Robinson was allegedly with at the time of the incident included Prince and Paris Francis, brothers who are accused of firing shots last week which struck a veteran NYPD officer in the foot. They allegedly snatched the kid’s wallet, including his ID and credit cards, along with his electronics, phone, sweatshirt, shoes and a Canada Goose coat before running off together. Gun crimes allegedly carried out by 16- and 17-year-olds have been a point of contention for City Hall, as Mayor Eric Adams fights to change a 2017 law that raised the age of criminal responsibility from 16 to 18. It’s not the first time Antignani has brought the hammer down on a teen charged in a  gun case. Last month, the judge ripped into a teen boy who was arrested with a loaded gun in the Times Square subway station — warning him that “nothing good” comes from young people carrying firearms.