You love your hair and only use products that will make your locks look their very best. If you are searching for a new hair-drying tool, we’ve got you covered right here! We’ve rounded up 9 hair dryers for you to choose from that will make your hair look like you just got a blowout at your favorite salon whether your hair is long, straight, short, wavy, or curly. The best part? Each item is on sale for an extra 15% off when you use code VDAY2022 at checkout. Get that blown-out salon-style look when you use this round hair dryer brush. It’s designed to create volume and leave your hair looking full, shiny, and healthy. With its 2 speeds and 3 heat settings, you can get the versatility you need when drying your hair into your preferred style. Plus, it has Ionic Technology that helps maintain a neutral charge on the hair’s surface leaving the hair looking conditioned and smooth while also helping reduce frizz and static! Cut down on drying time with this 3-speed hair dryer. It comes with 2 different attachments: a concentrator for blowouts and a diffuser for taming natural curls. Your hair will dry faster than when using a normal hair dryer and it will be protected from heat damage. You’ll love its lightweight design that makes it easy to use and convenient to travel with. Get the blowout of your dreams right at home with this hairdryer that’s made with an eco-friendly motor. It has double the drying power of a standard blow dryer and will leave your hair feeling silky and looking shiny after each use. It emits negative ions that reduce frizz and add shine, high heat efficiently and powerful air flow, and quiet operation. You deserve to look and feel your best so let this hair dryer help you achieve your hair goals. With a lightweight, ergonomic design and ionic technology to help reduce frizz, you’ll be able to style your hair like a pro. The dryer’s gently curved sides will make it easy for you to smooth out your locks from root to tip. It has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings and helps deliver even heat distribution. Looking for a hair dryer that will make your hair look amazing? This dryer brush is the perfect choice for your hair. This hair dryer has 3 temperature settings, ion generation technology, and a ceramic coating to banish frizz and add volume. Its 3-temperature control system gives you a low temperature with strong airflow, medium temperature with low airflow, and high temperature with strong airflow. Plus, it’s lightweight and ergonomic with a 360° swiveling cord. The ultimate hair tool in one! This ionic hair dryer is the perfect tool for styling and drying your hair. With a variety of settings, this dryer will help you achieve the perfect look. This 3-in-1 tool has a high power output and three heat settings for all hair types. The negative ions help to reduce frizz and add moisture to the hair, while the nylon pins and tufted bristles make detangling a breeze. Get a salon-quality hair drying experience at home with this professional-style hair dryer. The powerful blue ionic technology dries your hair faster and more efficiently, while the attachments allow you to customize your drying experience. Use low temperature for fine, thin hair and high temperature for thicker, textured hair. The product is also lightweight and easy to use, which makes it perfect for travel. Prices subject to change.