Leftist hypocrisyI found Mary Harrington’s column on “progressive justice” fascinating, in particular its reference to the progressive belief that “people are naturally good, and we only do bad things because society hurts and distorts this natural virtue” (“Outrage Is Last Straw Against Lefty DAs,” Feb. 24).Progressives can’t really believe this. If they did, why are they so enamored with mask and vaccine mandates, enlarging the regulatory state, redistributing wealth and censoring opinions with which they disagree?If people are naturally good, none of these measures are necessary. Somewhere in their value system there is a disconnect. When Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez invites Tucker Carlson to dinner, and Greta Thunberg stops scolding all of us (because we’re “naturally good”), then I’ll believe they actually take this philosophy seriously. Until then, I’ll remember what Doctor Who said: “Good men don’t need rules. That’s why I have so many.”Rick CollariniCovington, La.Irish inclusionSo the Staten Island St. Patrick’s Day Committee or the “Ancient Order of Dinosaurs” have once again banned the LGBT community from marching in “their” parade (“Staten Island pols’ Irish up,” Feb. 23).St. Patrick’s Day is not about exclusivity but the celebration of Irish culture and every group imaginable has been a part of Dublin and small towns all over Ireland.These bigots certainly don’t represent the vast majority of Irish people, and I’m sure St. Patrick would be turning in his grave at the thought of these Catholics, by name only, marching in his name.Seán McPhillipsCollege PointDelivery menacesThe bill to ban grocery-store ads that promise delivery in 15 minutes would be a good start, but much, much more needs to be done to return safe sidewalks to pedestrians (“Bid to ban speedy delivery ads,” Feb. 23).Start by banning any two-wheeled delivery vehicle from traveling on sidewalks and remove all poles for parking bicycles on sidewalks that were installed by New York City.Sidewalks are only for pedestrians. All delivery vehicles need to be licensed and insured.Thomas BirnbaumManhattan Drill rap dangerI’m a civil-rights activist in New Orleans, and I fight very hard against police brutality and government abuse (“Art imitates life,” Feb. 17).However, when it comes to fighting drill rap, I cannot get any support from the civil-rights community.I applaud Mayor Adams for taking a stand against drill rap. This form of rap is dangerous because of the violent content in it.I’m not against peaceful rap music. However, black men are destroying their own communities across America by practicing what’s in this kind of rap music.Where are all the civil-rights groups in New York and around the country? Where are the pastors? Where are the anti-crime organizations? They are nowhere to be found on this subject.Raymond BrownNew OrleansBronx mom moxieMayor Adams and Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg could learn a useful lesson in timely criminal justice from the tough and loving Bronx mama, Rafaela Rivera (“ ‘I’m not going to let go,’ ” Feb. 20).She fought back when Babacar Mbaye, a professional bum with 51 priors, punched her little boy. Maybe the city can put Rafaela in charge of “The Office of Mama Bears” — parents who will take on the muggers.David BryantEaston, Conn. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.