Kamila Valieva fell to the ice and stunningly tumbled all the way to fourth place Thursday morning, meaning none of the Olympic medals in women’s figure skating will be under the cloud of a doping scandal. In the ultimate surprise, Valieva – who was the favorite to win gold after a first-place short program – delivered one of the worst performances of her career while carrying the weight of suspicion as a cheater in the free skate. Instead, her Russian Olympic Committee teammates Anna Shcherbakova and Sasha Trusova finished with the gold and silver medals, respectively. If Valieva, the 15-year-old Russian phenom, had medaled, the International Olympic Committee decided there would be no ceremony or podium. That controversial decision was no longer an issue, as Valieva buried her head in her gloves as the program concluded and could not contain her emotions as scores were announced and she realized her medal-less fate. The crowd chanted “Four more years!” and “Ka-mil-a!” at Valieva, who was the picture of Olympic heartbreak with cameras zoomed on her face and following her behind the curtain. Shcherbakova held a teddy bear as she waited for gold, but there was no celebratory joy on her face – only heartbreak for her countrymate. Valieva tested positive for a banned heart medication in December but the result just came to light last week, after she helped the Russians capture team gold. She argued that trimetazidine entered her system by accident and was meant for her grandfather, but the World Anti-Doping Agency’s claim is that the drug, combined with two other legal substances she acknowledges taking, creates a cocktail used to boost endurance. The Court of Arbitration for Sport cleared Valieva for competition earlier this week because she had protected status as a minor and would suffer “irreparable harm” if she was disqualified. But the court left a full judgment on the case to a later date.  Valieva finished Tuesday’s short program with a two-point lead and thus was last to the ice of the 25 competitors for the four-minute long program. She began the Olympics by making history as the first woman to land a quadruple jump of any kind at the Olympics by completing a four-rotation Salchow as the leadoff skater for the ROC team, imposingly nicknamed the “Quad Squad.” Entering the free skate with the highest base-value score to her scheduled program, Valielva left herself margin for error. But with the pressure on, she made too many mistakes to overcome. The ROC nearly had the three finishers, which would have been the first for any country/delegation in the history of women’s figure skating at the Olympics. Trusova, with five quads in her long program, jumped up from fourth place.