Buy hard with a vengeance. A private beachy retreat in Turks and Caicos that once belonged to actor Bruce Willis, whose credits have long included the “Die Hard” film series and “The Fifth Element,” has listed for $37.5 million, its listing brokerage told The Post. Located on Parrot Cay, the compound would crush a sales record for the archipelago if it trades hands for that price, according to the Wall Street Journal, which first broke news of the listing. A sale at that price would also net a neat profit for the current owners, Mark and Robyn Jones — the founders of the multibillion-dollar publicly traded insurance agency Goosehead Insurance, which is based in Texas. The couple bought the estate in 2019 from Willis and his wife, Emma Heming-Willis, for $27 million. For the current $37.5 million price, a new owner can get a multi-home estate with more than 1,100 feet of sunset-facing white sand beach. Willis bought the site around the year 2000 and wrapped up work building the compound in 2004. The site hosted his wedding to Heming-Willis in 2009 and it’s where the two renewed their vows in 2019. “For the past 20 years, we’ve made so many beautiful memories on the island,” they told Architectural Digest in a statement in 2019. “We fell in love and married there, enjoyed two babymoons on the Cay, and it was on our beach that we renewed our vows.” But it was time to let go. And this past September, the activist investor Gregg Hymowitz shelled out $6 million for the couple’s last Parrot Cay parcel. For those looking to keep up with the Joneses, this just-listed estate — roughly 7.4 acres in size — also comes recently redesigned. The property has a two-level main house with nearly 11,000 square feet of living space and six bedrooms under its roof. There are also several guesthouses and a pavilion now connected by a boardwalk. In sum, there are 12 bedrooms. The main house, described in the listing as the heart of the estate, also has its upper level dedicated to a children’s entertaining space. The main-level great room has a movie room and guest bedrooms off to its side. Elsewhere, amenities include a shaded yoga pavilion, four pools, an area for beach volleyball and a children’s playground with an original pirate ship. The couple fell for the property because it’s large enough for their family, which includes no fewer than 16 grandkids. The family is reportedly selling because they’ve spent more time in Montana where they have an even larger compound for family vacations. Nina Siegenthaler and Joe Zahm of Turks and Caicos Sotheby’s International Realty have the listing.