For weeks, the Nets and Kyrie Irving have maintained they are hopeful that their point guard will be able to play home games this season. New York City’s mayor offered them the surest sign yet their hope has been justified. Mayor Eric Adams announced Wednesday morning that he “can’t wait” to adjust the city’s vaccine mandate for indoor spaces, including arenas, and suggested a phase-out could arrive “in the next few weeks.” In his most definitive comments yet — although without a firm timeline — Adams provided a path through which the Nets could have their unvaccinated star on the court full-time for the first time this season. Thus far, Irving has only played in road games. “I look forward in the next few weeks of going to a real transformation that I don’t have to wonder what you look like, I would know what you look like again,” Adams said at a news conference at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. “And so we are moving in the right direction, we’re going to do it in a safe way.” Brooklyn is fighting for a playoff spot with 23 games remaining, 13 of which will be at Barclays Center. The Nets recently signed point guard Goran Dragić as extra insurance at point guard, though they would love to only turn to him off the bench. Irving has been adamant that he will not take the COVID-19 vaccine and has said there are things more important than the Nets’ title chances. The best thing for those odds would be for New York City, with coronavirus cases declining, to adjust its mandate — a mandate that commissioner Adam Silver last week called “an oddity” because it only applies to home players. “I have to be optimistic, like everybody here. We all know what’s at stake here,” Nets GM Sean Marks said Tuesday. “If you turn on CNN or BBC or Fox or whatever your flavor is, you see how everything’s changing, right? “We’re starting to see a sense of normality getting back to life. … Vaccine rates are obviously high. So I am optimistic. I have to be optimistic. I think that’s the only way to look at this.” — With Bernadette Hogan