Feeling sluggish? Drink more water. Headache? Drink more water. Bored while working at home? Get up and drink more water. Drinking water is the best remedy for almost any ailment, and obviously an essential activity every day. Having the best water bottle makes this so much easier, keeping your H2O cool, clean and in some cases flavored, motivational and just more fun to drink. Whether you need it for on-the-go hydration to and from the gym, or parked on your desk while you’re working from home, here are the best bottles to keep you feeling on top of your game in 2022. There’s a reason every VSCO girl and trending teen rushed out to get these water bottles. Drinking water is “in” and so are Hydro Flasks. The double wall of insulation keeps water ice cold and the pro-grade stainless steel doesn’t leave any metallic taste behind. The bottles come in stylish colors including pastel purple, hot pink and bright yellow. You can also choose to customize your Hydro Flask for a unique bottle you’ll never confuse for your coworker’s again. CamelBak changed the game with the Eddy series, adding a straw to its bottles for the easiest sip anywhere you go. The new Eddy+ bottle features the beloved straw, combining it with an insulated body to keep drinks colder than plastic. The bottle is BPA-free and, even with the straw, is a leak-proof option when transporting your bottle in a purse or bag. Want to stay hydrated but don’t love the taste or task of drinking water? Let your bottle do all the work with Cirkul. These water bottles use a flavored filter contraption to flavor your water, coming in caffeinated and non-caffeinated options to keep you going. Twist the dial on the cap to adjust how much flavor you want, from just a hint to a fully flavored drink. Feel well while sipping on water from a stylish water bottle — that’s pretty swell. S’well combines fashion-forward patterns and designs with top-notch hydration tech in its classic tubular bottles. The Calcatta Gold design sparkles and shines with marble-like flecks of gold, but the real magic happens on the inside of the bottle. Made of food-grade stainless steel, S’well bottles also have triple-layered, vacuum-insulation to keep drinks the temperature you want them for hours on end. Nalgene bottles are the OG, and for good reason. They really are the perfect plastic option for lightweight transport and also for keeping track of how much you drink throughout the day with the markings on the transparent bottle. They are also made of BPA-free Tritan copolyester and dishwasher safe on the top rack after the day is done. The Que bottle is the best in the game for maximizing storage space in your cabinets when not in use and minimizing thirst while on the go. These bottle are as trendy as they are functional, coming in different fun colors including pastel pink, mint green, baby blue, white, navy and bright turquoise. The functionality comes into play when collapsing the bottle: With a simple twist of the BPA-free silicone body, the bottle expands, doubling in size from when it is not in use. For insulated bottles that are durable but also cute as can be, check out Takeya. The Japanese brand is known for their insulated bottles, keeping drinks cold even in the heat of California (where they are based now) and beyond. They also come in an array of shapes and sizes, from traditional bottles to tumblers with straws and more. Staying hydrated should be as simple as possible, while being a bit fashionable, as well. Sold at Amazon and Walmart, the Simple Modern collection is a great budget option, as well as a large-capacity choice if you are working on drinking more with fewer trips to the water fountain. Starting at $12.14 for the 14-ounce bottle, the collection goes all the way up to a whopping 84-ounce bottle, great for long trips, hiking or a fully hydrated mind and body no matter where you go. Contigo bottles are great for the traveler in your life, or for those always on the go. They come in a variety of styles and colors, but the best part are the leak-proof caps and straw systems, helping keep the water in the bottle and not in your bag. Kiss contamination goodbye, with this self-cleaning bottle from LARQ. The first of it’s kind, the bottle uses UV-C LED light to eliminate up to 99.9999% of bio-contaminants from both the bottle and the water inside. It comes in a 17-ounce size as well as a larger 25-ounce bottle and is available on the LARQ site in navy, black, mint green, white and pink. If you need a push to start hydrating, let your water bottle do the motivating. The one-gallon water bottle doubles as a motivational speaker, encouraging you to keep drinking water all day long with timed markers along the side of the bottle. Sold on Amazon, there are so many fun colors and patterns to choose from, starting with a basic clear bottle with colored text to more eye-catching options like hearts, flowers, ombre and even citrus wedges. A great glass option that is not only better for the environment than plastic but is a whole lot prettier, too. The bkr bottles are made of glass with a BPA-free silicone sleeve, keeping water cold and your hands nice and dry. They come in an array of aesthetically pleasing colors and textures too, from smooth to spiky and in sizing ranging from 250ml to 1 liter. Perfect for to take to school or sitting on your little one’s nightstand before bed, the Yeti brand kid’s bottle is great to keep the kiddos hydrated all day long. The bottle comes in a 12-ounce size, great to grasp with small hands and put into kids’ backpacks. The bottle also has a flip-out straw for easy spill-proof sipping and a clip-able handle to attach to backpacks or strollers. Then shop the rest of Yeti’s collection for water-drinkers of all ages. Let lululemon do the leg work when it comes to keeping you hydrated on a bike ride or spin class. Great for cycling, bottles from lululemon are the perfect shape to fit in most bikes’ water bottle holders, or slip in between the bars on your stationary bike from home or in the studio. They are also always BPA-free for cleaning drinking water and an even cleaner planet. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.