Broncos legend Terrell Davis believes Aaron Rodgers will choose Denver as his next landing spot — if the quarterback decides to return for an 18th NFL season. “I do, and I’m not playing. I’m serious,” Davis said when asked during an appearance on FanDuel’s “More Ways to Win” betting show last Thursday if he could see the longtime Packer as the next Broncos quarterback. “I’ve heard from too many insiders, too many sources, it makes too much sense for us not to get Aaron Rodgers. That’s the talk of Denver. I’m in Denver now, so I hear daily talk on radio.. and it sounds like that is the most likely scenario for the Broncos is to bring in Aaron Rodgers.” The Hall of Fame running back spent his entire career with the Broncos, winning two Super Bowls and an MVP award. “It helps that Nathaniel Hackett, his OC [in Green Bay] is our head coach now. It helps. I’m not saying that was the reason, but it helps,” Davis said. On Monday, USA Today reported new Broncos coach Hackett has “told members of the team he is pushing hard” to reunite with the reigning NFL MVP. Hackett worked with Rodgers as an offensive coordinator for the Packers from 2019-2021, before Denver hired him last month. Rodgers has yet to reveal his upcoming football plans and the mystery surrounding his future has dominated headlines. On Thursday, multiple reports said he and fiancee Shailene Woodley broke up. After the Packers were eliminated from the postseason by the 49ers in the Divisional Round, Rodgers said on “The Pat McAfee Show” that he will decide by the end of February or early March his plans for the 2022 season. Rodgers, who turned 38 in December, has said he does not want to play for a rebuilding team. Meanwhile, the Packers are reportedly willing to spend a boatload of money to retain the four-time NFL MVP. Rodgers has spent his entire career in Green Bay after the Packers selected him with the 24th pick in the 2005 NFL Draft. He led Green Bay to a Super Bowl title in the 2010-11 season and hasn’t made a title appearance since.