Run, George, run! An effort is underway to draft former three-term Republican Gov. George Pataki to run again for the state’s top office. The new Web site bringbackpataki.com urges New Yorkers to sign a petition to express their support for the move. “Unite behind the fight to save our state, and join us to Bring Back Pataki,” the site says. “He has saved our State before, let’s elect him to do it again. Our best days are ahead for New York State!” The draft-Pataki movement is being pushed by his former political director, Rob Cole. “We have to find someone who can win in November. We certainly can’t win with Lee Zeldin,” Cole said, referring to Long Island Rep. Lee Zeldin, who is expected to be nominated at the state Republican Party convention next week. Pataki was governor of New York from 1995-2006 after defeating three-term liberal Democratic incumbent Mario Cuomo, the father of disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo. Pataki led the state’s recovery following the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack, approved income-tax cuts and championed a law to open charter schools. A video on the pro-Pataki Web site mentions the scandals that led to the forced resignations of Pataki successors Eliot Spitzer in a prostitution scandal and Andrew Cuomo for allegedly sexually harassing a slew of women. The video includes The Post’s famous “Ho No” Spitzer front page. Pataki, 76, told The Post on Monday that he is flattered by the draft movement but threw cold water on the bid to persuade him to re-enter politics — at least for now. “It is nice to hear people who think I was a good governor,” he said. He did say New York needs bold leadership to stem the crime surge and trigger a post-coronavirus-pandemic recovery. “As for the future, we need dramatic change in New York,” said Pataki, who noted the seven assaults on the subway over the weekend. “People are afraid to go to the office, to take the subway,” he said. “It’s not a New York that is sustainable. We are at a tipping point.” He said there are good candidates currently running for governor: Zeldin, former Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino and Andrew Giuliani. Zeldin has already won the backing of county leaders across the state. Gov. Kathy Hochul was nominated as the Democratic Party’s nominee last week, though she could face a primary fight from city Public Advocate Jumaane Williams and Long Island Rep. Tom Suozzi.