Apple is reportedly set to unveil a new device that will combine the features of an iPad with a MacBook while making use of a 20-inch folding display The Cupertino, California-based company is reportedly considering two options for its new “iPad-MacBook hybrid”. One possibility is that it could feature a single foldable screen that is attached to a physical keyboard. But Apple appears to be leaning toward a second design, in which half of the new device’s display would serve as a virtual keyboard and a trackpad, according to Bloomberg, which cited Ross Young of Display Supply Chain Consultants. The new gadget, which bears similarities to the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Fold, is expected to be released sometime in 2026, the same year that the iPhone maker is reportedly set to roll out its much-anticipated electric car. Apple is also planning to release its version of augmented reality glasses — a key item in its push to compete with Facebook and other tech giants for a foothold in the metaverse. The iPad and MacBook are two of Apple’s most popular products. Last month, Apple said it reaped a record $124 billion in revenue in its fiscal first quarter — an 11% increase from last year which was fueled by strong holiday sales, particularly of its Mac computers. The company sold $10.85 billion worth of Macs — a 25% improvement year over year. Its sales of iPads struggled due to what Apple CEO Tim Cook says was supply chain issues. Apple reported $7.25 billion in sales of its iPad, a 14% drop from first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Apple shares were slightly down 0.6% in early morning trading on Monday. Cook has said that he expects the company to continue growing this quarter as supply chain bottlenecks begin to loosen up. “What we expect for the March quarter is solid year-over-year revenue growth,” Cook said. “And we expect supply constraints in the March quarter to be less than they were in the December quarter.” Cook added: “Our biggest issue is chip supply, it’s chip supply on legacy nodes. And we’re doing okay on the leading edge stuff.”