Nearly a dozen men associated with the Brooklyn-based Woo gang were charged by Thursday with allegedly stealing more than $4 million in COVID-19 relief cash — and boasting about the scam in a music video, the feds said. The 11 suspects – nine of whom live in Brooklyn – used personal information, including driver’s license numbers, from 800 people to submit unemployment claims worth about $20 million, according to a criminal complaint against them. The gang members were able to fleece some $4.3 million from the unemployment program between March 2020 and October 2021 as part of the scam, the feds said. A number of the suspects allegedly flashed stacks of the cash on social media – and made reference to the scam in a rap video for the song “Trappin,” according to the complaint unsealed in the Eastern District of New York Thursday. The song includes the lyrics: “Unemployment got us working a lot,” a reference to the scheme, according to federal prosecutors. One of the suspects, Christopher Jean Pierre, bought identifying information of his victims, including driver’s license numbers, for $150 apiece, according to the complaint. The feds recovered messages sent by Jean Pierre on an encrypted messaging app to a person identified as “Skyscraper,” who sold him the information, the complaint states. “Yoo bro I need NY pros with the DL ASAP,” Jean Pierre wrote, referring to “driver’s licenses,” according to the complaint. “Is 150,” Skyscraper wrote back. In a statement announcing the charges, US Attorney for the Eastern District of New York Breon Peace said he would continue to go after gang members who attempt to rip off the US government. “These government programs are designed to provide financial assistance to those who are most in need during an unprecedented pandemic,” Peace said. “This Office and its law enforcement partners will vigorously prosecute gang members and anyone else who exploits the pandemic and steals from taxpayer-funded programs.” Eight of the suspects were arrested Thursday in New York and are scheduled to be presented in Brooklyn federal court. Attorney information for the suspects was not immediately available.