Sean McVay is not revealing a ton of information about where his head is at in terms of returning to the Rams next season. That alone could be information in itself. Rumors swirled that the 36-year-old coach – the youngest in the NFL – could consider stepping away from the Rams after emerging victorious from Super Bowl 2022 against the Bengals. Over a day later, McVay has yet to put forth any semblance of a denial. “We’ll see,” McVay told the Los Angeles Times when asked about his future. When pressed further about whether he was considering walking away from football, McVay continued to be non-committal. “I’m just enjoying this moment right now. I’m really happy to be a part of this. Happy for that,” McVay said. The coach has now had multiple chances to come out and say “I’m not retiring.” Yet, the possibility remains hovering in the air, growing more realistic with every passing day. McVay has coached the Rams since 2017, hired at the age of 30 – making him the youngest coaching hire in NFL history. In his five seasons, the Rams have made the playoffs four times, gone to the Super Bowl twice and have now capped it off with a championship ring. McVay is currently planning a wedding with fianceé Veronika Khomyn, a luxury real estate agent. In a press conference before the Super Bowl, he talked about his desire to have the time to have a life outside of football. “I’m going to be married this summer, want to have a family and I think being able to find that balance, but also be able to give the time necessary,” he said. “And I’ve always had a dream about being able to be a father, and I can’t predict the future.” Should he actually walk away from football, the broadcasting world would be a logical next step. The Post’s Andrew Marchand reported that ESPN would pursue him for “Monday Night Football” and that he may have other options. Still, McVay is presumably taking some time to mull it over. He did, however, concede that his Super Bowl ring would make it easier to walk away. “I think you could definitely say that,” McVay said.