Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins and other politicians who voted for the disastrous New York bail-reform laws keep quoting a “study” that claims only 2% of defendants released under the new law get rearrested for a violent felony while their case is pending. That study is technically accurate as far as it goes, but the 2% number is absolutely meaningless and a distortion of what’s happening on the street. The reality is that even under the “old” bail laws, most defendants were released on bail or on their own recognizance, and most of them did not get rearrested for a felony offense while their case was pending. First-time misdemeanor defendants charged with DWIs, minor assaults, shoplifting, turnstile jumping and driving with a suspended license, for example, were almost universally released without bail. First-time offenders charged with nonviolent felonies were also almost always released without bail. In fact, in June 2019, before the new laws took effect, we did a study in Queens and found that there were only 20 defendants held in city jails on Queens misdemeanor cases awaiting trial solely because they could not make bail. They had an average of 12 prior unsealed arrests, seven prior convictions and three prior bench warrants. Only 398 defendants were being held on Queens cases solely because they could not make bail. They had an average of 10 prior unsealed arrests, six prior convictions and two prior bench warrants; 95% of these defendants were being held on felonies. The reality is that only defendants charged with very serious crimes or with lengthy criminal records were being held on bail under the old bail laws. A study that looks at every arrest and calculates the percentage of people who get rearrested doesn’t factor in that there are people in this state who make a career out of crime. These are the defendants who would have had bail set under the old law, but for many of them, under the new laws, judges simply are prohibited from setting bail at all. In 2019, the state legislature passed the new bail laws (slightly amended in 2020) that essentially replaced bail with “non-monetary release.” Under this program, a judge who found that a defendant was a flight risk, or likely to not appear in court, could release the defendant on NMR, and place conditions on his release — pretrial services, pretrial supervision, passport surrender, maintain employment, for example. These are, essentially, the defendants who would have had bail set but are now released into the new NMR. When we look at the numbers from that perspective, they are truly alarming. The bail laws passed by the Legislature have been a disaster for New York state and particularly New York City. Consider: In New York City between July 1, 2020 and June 30, 2021, 26,535 people were arrested for a felony. 69% of them, 18,239, had a prior conviction or a pending case. 4,062 of these defendants were released on non-monetary release. Of the 4,062 released on NMR, 1,737, or 43%, were rearrested while their case was pending. Think about what that means. A defendant who has a prior conviction or a pending case gets arrested for a felony. A judge reviews his record and finds that he is a risk of fleeing. The judge cannot set bail and releases the defendant on non-monetary conditions. Almost half of them, 43%, get rearrested while their case is pending. That’s the real number — not 2%. The re-arrest rates for defendants with pending cases or prior convictions released on NMR were 57% for home burglaries, 66% for commercial burglaries, 58% for grand larceny and 68% for petit larceny. These numbers only count rearrests, not criminal activity. New York City had 85,481 petit larceny complaints in 2021. Petit larceny is an A misdemeanor. There are 198 people in jail in NYC on any A misdemeanor. Nobody that I know is saying that everyone arrested should be jailed without bail or even have bail set. But there are defendants, easily identifiable by their criminal records and charged crimes, who pose a threat to the public and should be held in jail pending trial. Forty-nine states and the federal government allow it. Why not New York? Mr. Mayor, stick to your position. You cannot lower crime while these bail laws continue to force judges to release repeat offenders who they know will commit more crimes. Don’t be fooled by that 2% number. It is not real. Jim Quinn was executive district attorney in the Queens DA’s office, where he served for 42 years.