Let’s make a disclaimer — we love chocolate, and we love it all year round. But, Easter just makes it more of a delectable treat for ordering. Whether you’re treating you and your loved ones to assorted truffles you can indulge in together or want to ship a yummy chocolate box to a long-distance loved one, this is the shop for you. Oh yes, we included the bunny-shaped, fan-favorite Godiva bundles that we all know and love, but we also curated a list of insanely delicious eats from Levain Bakery (the best in NYC, after all), Vosges-Chocolat and more. Below, find our melt-in-your-mouth list of all types of chocolate for every age and gender, no matter who you’re shopping for — kids, grandparents, cousins, best friends, partners or others. As the hallmark of the holiday, Godiva is surely hard to beat. From its decadent milk chocolate bunnies ($45) to its Assorted Chocolate Spring Gift Boxes , you’ll find every type of chocolate that tickles your fancy. Plus, Godiva even offers the most scrumptious-looking chocolate-covered strawberries starting at $42. Enter some of the most deluxe truffles known to order. Vosges-Chocolat not only has its signature Exotic Truffle Collection ($49) and the most delectable Piemonte Hazelnut Praline Bonbons ($34) but the brand also offers a unique The House of Nuwa chocolate box ($99). If there’s something we’re salivating over, it’s Lindt’s extraordinary line of truffles (specifically the Chocolate Truffles). Aside from its bag-packaged crème de la crème truffles, Lindt also offers a fun Hazelnut Chocolate Carrots ($4) and a small Easter gift basket that’s currently on sale for $15! No, 1-800 Flowers isn’t just one of our favorite flower delivery services. It conveniently houses a variety of chocolate-filled Easter gift baskets you won’t be able to resist. You can’t go wrong with the Eggstra Special Chocolate & Sweets Tower ($40) or the Hoppy Easter Bunny Basket ($60). From the yummy chocolate chips Ghirardelli stores in supermarkets, there’s no surprise the chocolate-lovers brand made the cut. It has some of the best Easter chocolate, too, including the Signature Chocolate Gift Basket ($77), a 12-pack of Milk Chocolate Caramel Bunnies ($90) and the brand’s Assorted Chocolate Minis ($72) you can buy in bulk. As one of New York City’s finest (and one of our favorite places to order cookies online), we couldn’t refrain from including Levain Bakery in this edit. Especially great for chocolate lovers, the Signature Cookie Assortment ($27-$68) includes the bakery’s Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip and Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip flavors. Baked by Melissa is known for their mini cupcakes but they certainly don’t drop the ball on their chocolate flavors! Their Hoppy Treats Cupcake 6-Packs feature triple chocolate fudge, chocolate fluff and double chocolate cookie dough flavors. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.