If we’re being honest, a matching workout set just makes us want to conquer our cardio, push further into pilates and defeat the downward dog. Whether you’re still looking to crush your New Year’s fitness resolutions head-on (perhaps with one of the best dumbbell sets or best treadmills we found) — or simply looking to add some trusty new pieces to your workout clothes drawer, we got you covered. It’s worth noting, too, that workout sets can be an investment. Though we found absolute scores on Amazon (especially Prime-eligible outfits, which is a double-win), we’re all about investing in at least one set to make you feel good and exercise comfortably. Keep reading to get the lowdown on some of the best workout sets on the market. Brands include Alo Yoga, Fabletics, Gymshark, lululemon and Offline by Aerie. From sports bras and high-waisted legging duos to quarter-zip and jogger pairs, we had a ton of fun finding the best workout sets that look put-together and will lead you one step closer to your fitness goal. Click to jump to a specific brand or retailer: Stretch to the max in this dreamy lavender set, which is the spandex and nylon hybrid of our dreams. Plus, it looks flattering and comes in a variety of colors. Chocolate brown is an on-trend color we can’t get over, especially when workout sets are involved. This square-shaped top coupled with the matching biker shorts is great for workouts of any intensity, including the power walks you take while listening to a new audible book. Solid and simple, the Jetjoy Workout Set comes in this stunning plum color, along with 11 show-stopping hues. It’s true to size, not see-through and the high-waisted legging band will be reliable when powering through your workouts. Enter Amazon’s No. 1 bestseller, WodoWei’s Two-Piece Workout Outfit. Affordable, soft and seamless, it’s a no-brainer to add to your shopping cart for your next sweat sesh. Yes, Kim Possible-inspired tracksuits are considered a matching workout set, too, and we love this all-black number by Caliami. For less than $35, it’s easy to dress up or down  — a.k.a., the best form of athleisure — and also comes in five other colors. Basic yet compliment-worthy on all body types, this OOQ High-Waist Leggings & Sports Bra Workout Outfit has a low-strap top that’s still supportive with a larger-than-usual, thick band for extra support. There are four other color options, too. Business in the front, party in the back is the name of the game for the JoJoans High-Waist Leggings with Sports Bra Workout Outfit. The intricate detail is still comfortable for hitting your HIIT workouts head-on and can easily be spiced up with a cute puffer when you’re on the go. Dare we say…essential? The rich cream color is just divine, especially for being less than $30. With a top and leggings pair you can mix and match with others in your wardrobe, how can you go wrong? Alo Yoga’s Airbrush Set looks dynamite with your go-to sneakers (perhaps one of our favorite Allbirds) and offers extra flair with its cross-back sports bra. Though on the pricier side, it’s a movement-forward investment. For low-impact workouts and even for lounging around the house, the Muse Sweatpant & Hoodie Set comes in a luscious rose color and boasts a breathable comfort that’s arguably one of our favorites in this article. Ideal for heights and high-impact workouts where you don’t want to wear a ton of layers, this simple yet cute Airlift Intrigue Bra & 7/8 High-Waist Airlift Legging Set is featured in this dreamy chocolate brown color, along with five other shades. Add some sexy-slit flair to your workouts with this hot duo from Alo Yoga. The top is nearly identical to lululemon’s Align Top and the bottoms are a funky-fresh option that you’ll want to live in. Plaid isn’t just for Clueless. The Airlift Magnified Plaid Intrigue Bra & High-Waist Legging Set is one of the most unique we’ve found. Plus, it’ll add some variety to your workout clothing. Achieve that fresh and clean look with this all-white workout set that features a mesh corset tank and slimming leggings for a mixed textured look. If you’re keen on morning stretches and treadmill inclines, consider the Extreme Crop Crew Neck & Gym Short Set. It’s airy, cute and is one of the best loungewear sets you’ll find that’s equally as fitting to be considered activewear. Switch up your typical workout set with a cute shrug. For $242, Alo Yoga is saying full-send on the fitness investment, especially with its ultra-flattering bra and leggings to match. Pairs with: Oasis High-Waisted 7/8 Leggings, $70 Dainty and cute, this blush pink sports bra and leggings combo is chef’s kiss. It’s lightweight, offers adequate support and this pastel set would look great on any and all skin tones. Velvet, velour. Velvet, velour. Fabletics understood the assignment with its Composure Two-Piece Outfit, fit for all types of wear and all body types. Plus, the biker shorts are super high-waisted and hug in all the right places. Pairs with: Oasis Twist Velour Sports Bra, $60 Meet the lovechild of the Oasis matching set and the Composure Two-Piece Set. Warm yet breathable, this set is the perfect middle-of-the-road option if you don’t want to wear lots of layers but still want to combat the early morning chill. Pairs with: Ultra High-Waisted Wool Baselayer Bike Short 6″, $50 Keep everything seamless with the Wool Base Layer Long-Sleeve Half-Zip. When paired with Fabletics’ 6″ bike short, the combo is unstoppable for weekend hikes and strength workouts alike. Pairs with: Adapt Ombre Seamless Leggings, $60 As one of Gymshark’s new editions, this bright and bubbly Adapt Ombre Seamless Long Sleeve Crop Top is the exact energy you’ll need to crush your power hour. Plus, we like how it’s long sleeve yet still cropped and flattering. Pairs with: Studio Leggings, $60 Speaking of flattering, you can’t go wrong with the Studio Seamless Sports Bra. It provides the support you need, while also seamlessly goes with the Studio Leggings to match. Pairs with: Pause Loose Shorts, $30 Loose yet fit for your yoga sessions, the Pause Crop Top can even be dressed up with a pair of jeans and a cardigan for a night out. Likewise, the matching Pause Loose Shorts can double as sleepwear. Pairs with: WTFlex Seamless High-Waisted Leggings, $60 Electrify your dance workouts with this captivating WTFlex Seamless Strappy Sports Bra. Tied with the leggings, it’s a matching set that you’ll be happy you got your hands on. Pairs with: lululemon Align High-Rise Pant 28″, $98-$118 This edit would be incomplete without a mention of lululemon’s popular Align Tank Top. For less than $60, it’s an investment you’ll be happy you made, especially when adding the brand’s Align High-Rise Pant to your cart, too. Pairs with: lululemon Align High-Rise Short 6″, $58-$68 If you’re looking for a light-support sports bra, you can snag this A/B Cup with lululemon’s High-Rise Short for a put-together option that’s versatile for all types of wear. Pairs with: Wunder Train High-Rise Tight 25″, $98-$118 Add a fun pop of color to your workout apparel with the Energy Longline Bra. Offering medium support, it’s a great match with the equally-as-popular Wunder Train High Rise Tight. Pairs with: Scuba Oversized Full-Zip, $128 If you want more flow, especially if you’re a dancer, pick up the Dance Studio Mid-Rise Jogger. We love how it looks with the Scuba Oversized Full-Zip for an Instagram-worthy athleisure outfit, too. Pairs with: Offline Real Me Cap Sleeve Sports Bra, $20.97 (originally $34.95) Oh, we’re just as excited about these Super Flare Leggings as Aerie’s Rockette-kicking model. This blue-patterned pair comes in other colors, too, and is a great bang for your buck. Pairs with: Offline The Hugger Ribbed Longline Sports Bra, $20.97 (originally $34.95) In this decadent red color, Offline’s The Hugger Ribbed Pocket Legging looks great with the matching sports bra and, together, will cost you less than $50. Pairs with: Offline The Hugger Ribbed Longline Sports Bra, $20.97 (originally $34.95) You’ll never want to take this matching set off. It’s one of our favorites, looks great with your favorite slip-on shoes and will get you through your light workouts. Pairs with: Offline After Party Velour Longline Sports Bra, $26.21 (originally $34.95) We’re jumping, too, especially when we discovered a velour set that’s just as flattering and cozy as it is practical. Plus, it looks like it costs more bucks than the sweet price Aerie is featuring right now. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.