New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and celebrate the return of Major League Soccer with a great new customer offer. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers, ahead of an exciting week of sports. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  Just 77 days since NYCFC lifted the 2021 MLS Cup, the new campaign gets underway. Philadelphia Union and Minnesota United get the new season up and running at Subaru Park in the early kick off on Saturday. Reigning MLS cup champions New York City FC travel West to face LA Galaxy, the most successful side in MLS history. The Pigeons have already been in competitive action this year, having defeated Santos de Guapiles 6-0 in the CONCACAF Champions League. MLS Golden Boot winner Taty Castellanos returns to NYCFC for his fifth consecutive season, and will be looking to add to his impressive tally of 36 goals in 84 games for the boys in blue. Pre-season favorites to lift the MLS Cup, Seattle Sounders’ season opener is a visit from Nashville. Two sides who both made the postseason, Seattle lost on penalties in agonizing fashion to Real Salt Lake, who didn’t manage a single shot on target in 120 minutes. Nashville have made the playoffs in both years as an MLS team, and the side from Music City will be looking to make it three years in a row. Two of Major League Soccer’s oldest and most-established clubs kick off in California as San Jose Earthquakes host New York Red Bulls. The Red Bulls have never won the MLS Cup, and snuck into the play-offs on Decision Day but lost in extra time to Philadelphia Union in the first round. In his second season as NYRB’s Manager, Gerhard Struber will want his side to get off to the perfect start.    A fantastic way to earn yourself some excellent prizes, BetMGM Rewards is a world-class loyalty rewards program, which all users can get involved in. With every wager placed, BetMGM customers can now earn Rewards Points and MGM Rewards Tier Credits that unlock VIP benefits. From trips to MGM Resorts’ 20+ premier destinations, free bets, dining experiences and many more. Free to enter, and the more you wager, the more points you’ll earn.  21+. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.