President Joe Biden tried to come off as tough and resolute in his remarks on Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine. He failed. Sanctioning Putin personally “is on the table.” Why leave it sitting there? Kicking Russia out of SWIFT, the key global transaction system, is “not the position that the rest of Europe wants to take,” but the sanctions the West is imposing are “of equal consequence.” Translation: Europe intends to go back to buying its energy from Russia as soon as the dust clears. With notable exceptions, those nations are still playing appeasers. Putin will get away with conquering his free, democratic neighbor. Biden has his own limits on energy: He says he’ll strive to “protect American families and businesses from rising prices at the pump.” That translates to agreeing not to cut Russia out of the global marketplace that ultimately determines energy prices. And makes a mockery of his claim that he’s hitting Putin with the “biggest consequences in history.” Bizarrely, he also warned the US energy sector: “Don’t exploit this crisis to raise prices.” That is: He’s won’t reverse his own drive to restrict that sector, but will keep pretending that corporate greed is the problem. And no matter that letting US energy production soar is the best single way to attack Putin’s greatest single strength. More weakness: The prez expects sanctions to “degrade” and “impair” Russia’s power, economic and strategic, giving Putin a choice on whether he can bear his nation becoming a “second-rate power.” But Russia already is, except for its energy sector that the West flinches from hitting. And, despite his talk of a “complete rupture in US-Russia relations,” our president isn’t kicking out all of Russia’s diplomats, so many of whom are spies. Biden mentioned sending all possible “humanitarian aid” to Ukraine, but nothing about rushing in every weapon the West can spare. Oh, and he claimed the global economic disruptions “are highly unlikely to last a long time” but says “give it a month” to see how the “profound sanctions” hit Putin. Ukrainian forces may be slowing Russia’s advances, but it’s hard to see Kyiv lasting that entire month. The message, in short, is that Putin can pretty safely bet that he’ll get away with it. His energy income will be back to normal soon after his war is over. Over time, he’ll be able to get back to trading fully with the West — and then start subverting more neighbors until he finds the next right moment to strike. Biden bragged at the start about how he saw the whole invasion coming weeks ago. So what? Beyond pointless diplomacy, he didn’t even try to stop it. (He says that wasn’t the point of his earlier sanctions.) In short, our president told us that Putin is trying to destroy the entire world order, but America and the West will keep selling him the rope to eventually strangle us all.