Uninterrupted’s hit show “The Shop,” starring LeBron James, underwent major changes ahead of its fifth season, which is set to premiere on March 4. The Sports Emmy Award-winning series, now presented by Grey Goose, will air exclusively on Uninterrupted’s YouTube channel, The Post has learned. The show aired its first four seasons on HBO. In the Season 5 trailer, exclusively obtained by The Post, James chops it up in the barbershop with Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson, musician and actor Donald Glover, actress Quinta Brunson and Columbian hit-maker J Balvin. James and his star-studded guests discuss a variety of topics, including pettiness, the rise of Latinos in the music scene and the difference between making music and television. The Lakers star also addresses breaking Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s NBA Points Record in the episode, premiering this Friday at 12 p.m. ET. “It seems like coach [John] Harbaugh is cool as s–t,” James says to Jackson about Baltimore’s head coach in the trailer. “Yeah, he’s cool,” Jackson says before impersonating Harbaugh, who he claimed “tries to compete” with his players in the weight room. Jamal Henderson, chief content officer at Springhill Co., the entertainment and production company founded by James and his business partner Maverick Carter, told The Post that nothing will change in terms of a show standpoint. Viewers will still see James and guests of the show getting real haircuts, while sipping cocktails over unscripted conversation about the sports, music, celebrity and culture. “We’re just building on our mission of empowerment and we’re excited to continue to the show, and reach more people through video and audio,” he said. This new chapter of “The Shop” is fueled by the show’s increased growth and popularity following a slate of guests including quarterback icon Tom Brady, rap legend Diddy and three-time Warriors champion Draymond Green. In addition to a brand new Season 5, “The Shop” will offer a collection of limited release apparel that will be sold exclusively at the Uninterrupted store starting on March 4; a multi-platform audio-exclusive version of “The Shop” in its traditional format; “The Shop” branded men’s grooming line; and a dedicated flagship barbershop location in Los Angeles for activations, in-person moments, filming and more. “We will not only film the show there, but fans will also be able to get a haircut in the same chair that LeBron gets a haircut in,” Paul Rivera, co-creator and co-host of “The Shop,” said.