Taken into custody on Sunday in Los Angeles for a domestic violence incident, Adrian Peterson professed his innocence, claiming it was a misunderstanding following an argument with his wife, Ashley Brown. “I was literally mind-blown that they took me to jail,” Peterson said in an interview with Mark Berman of Fox 26 in Houston. “They were like, ‘I’m sorry, Mr. Peterson, but because she had a scratch on her finger, [in] the state of California, we have to take you in.’ I sit there and watch the plane pull back and take off and I’m just like, ‘Wow! I cannot believe this is happening right now. I’m going to jail, and I literally didn’t do anything.’ ” Peterson was arrested at 9:20 a.m. PST and was released on $50,000 bond Sunday afternoon. “It’s blown out of proportion,” he said. “Me and the wife got into an argument on the plane. That was pretty much the gist of it. I ended up grabbing her hand and taking her ring off her finger. She didn’t press any charges. The state of California pressed charges because there was a scratch on her hand. Literally that’s why I went to jail, because the ring left a scratch on her finger. We just had a disagreement. I know the headlines: Domestic violence. You’d think I beat her up or something. It was nothing like that.” The 36-year-old Peterson played in four NFL games this year, three with the Titans and one with the Seahawks. He is a four-time Pro Bowler who was the MVP of the league in 2012. The former Minnesota Vikings star indicated a fellow passenger was to blame for the whole ordeal. “She kind of made it more than it was and brought more attention to it,” he said. “Only thing I will say is it looks horrible because Adrian Peterson [was] arrested for domestic violence. I don’t hit women. It’s not that type of situation, and it just looks bad. I’ll deal with it, and God willing get the charges dropped and move on.” Peterson was previously arrested and indicted in 2014 for allegedly hitting one of his children with a tree branch. He pleaded no contest to a reduced charge of misdemeanor reckless assault.