The NFL’s youngest coach, Sean McVay, could make history as the Los Angeles Rams head into Super Bowl 2022. The 36-year-old has found himself in the same spot he was in when the Rams faced the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LIII in 2019. While he ultimately lost 13-3, this year the Ohio native could break the record to become the youngest coach to win a Super Bowl — edging out record-holder Mike Tomlin by mere months. Win or lose, the leading coach, who was first hired by the Rams in 2017 at the age of 30, has a pretty swanky California pad to return to. Located in Encino, about 45 minutes from where the team practices at SoFi Stadium, the home spans over 4,600 square feet. Made up of six bedrooms and five-and-a-half bathrooms, McVay purchased the home for $2.71 million the same year he was hired by the team. It proved to be a good investment, too, considering the home is estimated to be worth almost $4 million today if it were to hit the market. Built in 1966, the home features include an open-concept floor plan with clean lines, cerused oak floors and custom nesting doors to showcase the expansive panoramic views of the city lights at night, the previous listing notes. The kitchen has been renovated with gourmet appliances throughout, an 8-foot-by-4-foot marble island and custom cabinetry. A stylized floating staircase leads to the upstairs, where the luxe Californian aesthetic continues. The primary suite boasts large windows with panoramic views of the city and is joined by a large sitting area, dual walk-in closets and a soaking tub and a large shower. On the same floor is a large bonus room complete with a balcony — ideal for an in-home theater to watch films of the team. Outdoor features include a built-in barbecue, a swimming pool and a covered patio with raised built-in seating. The home also has a sophisticated security system throughout the space, keeping any unnecessary tackles to a minimum. Fans got a peek of the home as it is today. McVay’s fiancée Veronika Khomyn took to Instagram last Saturday to chronicle a cozy night in. The Ukrainian-born fashion designer, realtor and model shared photos as she and the Rams head coach appeared to lounge at home while watching TV. Two weeks ago, McVay coached the Rams to Super Bowl 2022 with an NFC Championship win over the 49ers, their division rival. The Rams are playing the Cincinnati Bengals at home in Los Angeles Sunday in Super Bowl LVI. It’s been a Super Bowl or bust for the Rams since the season began. Leading up to the NFC Championship, the Rams defeated the now-retired Tom Brady and the Buccaneers in the divisional round of the playoffs. McVay got the win on Sunday, Jan. 23, one day before his 36th birthday.