Brooklyn Beckham and his fiancée, Nicola Peltz, are saying goodbye to their sprawling Beverly Hills home and hello to the Sunshine State. David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest child and Peltz have listed the home for just one dollar under $11 million. That’s right: $10,999,999. The move comes less than eight months after the couple shelled out $10.5 million for the 7,700-square-foot home. An unnamed source told People that the duo, who got engaged in July 2020, didn’t want a property too big — the one they’re unloading has five bedrooms and seven bathrooms — and wanted to be closer to their families. “They loved the house and are sad to be listing it, but realized that they wanted to be more flexible and bicoastal,” the source told the outlet. “They want to have both a place in L.A. and one in Miami to be closer to their families, so a property this big just didn’t make sense as they started looking at their more immediate future plans.” The source added that Brooklyn’s family “has a place in Miami,” while Nicola’s family “is in Palm Beach.” After launching a new soccer team, Inter Miami FC, in the city, David, 46, purchased a penthouse in Miami’s luxury One Thousand Museum Residences for a colossal $24 million. While Brooklyn, 22, and Nicola, 27, are hoping to score a small profit for their California pad, they are shopping around for a Miami abode. Their current home in the Golden State is known as “The OM House” and pegged as an “exceptional Architectural sanctuary,” according to the listing. Situated behind private gates in the upscale Beverly Hills Post Office neighborhood, it boasts walls of glass for a “seamless indoor/outdoor” flow upon first look. Described as a “museum-like” home, its features include all-natural, exotic wood and stone throughout. The primary suite has its own retreat with a lounge, dual walk-in closets and an outdoor bathing spa with a private staircase leading to the rooftop terrace. Luxury amenities include a “white crystal quartz massage room,” a dry sauna, a steam room and a media room. “The amount of detail and thought that has been put into this one-of-a-kind luxury estate is unsurmountable, one must visit to truly experience the magnitude of beauty and peace this home has to offer,” the listing states. Carl Gambino of Compass holds the listing.