After telling Wisconsin coach Greg Gard “I’ll remember that s–t” before an altercation in which he struck an opposing coach following the Badgers’ win over Michigan on Sunday, Juwan Howard will now have to remember all of the afternoon’s events from home for the rest of the regular season. Michigan suspended Howard for the rest of the regular season, which amounts to five games, in addition to a $40,000 fine. Michigan and the Big Ten worked together for the punishment — by rule, the Big Ten could only suspend Howard a maximum of two games. Michigan came in and added in the three additional games. Still, the suspension allows Howard to return to the sideline for the Wolverines’ postseason, which includes the Big Ten Tournament and, most likely, the NIT. “After taking time to reflect on all that happened, I realize how unacceptable by my actions and words were, and how they affected so many. I am truly sorry,” Howard said in a statement. “I speak a lot about being a Michigan man and representing the University of Michigan with class and pride, I did not do that, nor did I set the right example in the right way for my student-athletes. I will learn from my mistake and this mistake will never happen again.” Gard received a $10,000 fine for his role in the altercation. One Badgers player — Jahcobi Neath — and two Michigan players — Terrance Williams and Moussa Diabate — received one-game suspensions. “Big Ten Conference coaches and student-athletes are expected to display the highest level of sportsmanship conduct,” Big Ten commissioner Kevin Warren said in a statement. “I am grateful for the partnership with Michigan Athletics Director, Warde Manuel and Wisconsin Athletics Director, Chris McIntosh. Our expectation is that the incident yesterday will provide our coaches and student-athletes with the opportunity to reflect, learn and move forward in a manner that demonstrates decorum and leadership on and off of the court.” Following the Badgers’ 77-63 win over the Wolverines on Sunday, Howard struck Wisconsin assistant coach Joe Krabbenhoft in the face after Howard and Gard exchanged words in the handshake line. Howard took exception to timeouts taken by Gard in the closing moments of the game, which the Badgers were leading by double-digits. With five Wisconsin backups on the court, Michigan — with two starters still on the court — continued to press the Badgers full-court, doubling Wisconsin’s ball-handlers and looking to create turnovers. After the final timeout, Michigan also continued to foul in order to stop the clock. Gard told reporters afterward that he called a timeout to set up his press-break, and to reset the half-court clock to 10 seconds. Before Gard’s last timeout — with the Badgers up 15 with 15 seconds left — Michigan had knocked the ball out, leaving Wisconsin with just four seconds to cross half court. With the timeout, Gard reset the clock to 10 seconds. “I was not going to put them in a position, when the ball had already been knocked out of bounds, to have to break a press in four seconds when they’re coming in cold off the bench,” Gard said after the game. “So I took a timeout, which I’m allowed to do, and brought them over to get them organized.” In the postgame handshake line, Howard initially did not enter the line, and after eventually joining in, attempted to pass Gard without offering his hand while shouting “I’ll remember that s–t,” seemingly referring to the timeout. Gard put his hand on Howard’s elbow to, according to him, explain himself, impeding Howard’s progress in the process. Howard took exception to Gard placing his hand on his elbow, shouting “Don’t touch me.” The situation escalated, and Howard subsequently struck Krabbenhoft with an open hand. Gard had already been pulled out of the scrum, and Krabbenhoft had not yet made contact with Howard. Players — Neath, Williams and Diabate — subsequently started throwing punches. “There is no room, no space for conduct like that at any competition, much less Big Ten competition,” Wisconsin athletic director Chris McIntosh said after the game. “The Big Ten takes pride in sportsmanship. The Big Ten takes pride in acting with class, and that didn’t happen today.” In his postgame press conference, Howard claimed that he believed it was time to defend himself. Michigan immediately apologized in a statement. “I am aware of and watched the end of our men’s basketball game,” Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel said in the release. “There is no excuse for any of our staff or student-athletes to get into a physical altercation with others regardless of instigating factors. “I reached out and apologized to Chris McIntosh and President Coleman has reached out to UW Chancellor Blank to apologize for the totally unacceptable behavior.” The Wolverines sit seventh in the Big Ten with an 8-7 conference record and 14-11 overall record. Their remaining five games are against Rutgers, Illinois, Michigan State, Iowa and Ohio State.