Ever since he first seized the Russian presidency 20 years ago, a question has lingered around Vladimir Putin. Is he crazy, or not? The jury always seemed to be out. On the one hand, there were the signs of relatively harmless crazy. The tiger-wrestling, semi-naked horseback riding and more. There were also more than enough signs of harmful crazy. Such as sending his henchmen to poison enemies in foreign capitals using nerve agents which, if leaked, would have killed tens of thousands of people in those cities. But there was also, always, the seemingly rational, calculating Putin. The Russian president seemed to know what he wanted and how to set about getting it. In 2008 he seized a part of the nation of Georgia that he considered his own. In 2014 his troops seized Crimea and other parts of what Putin also clearly saw as his own land. These invasions were unlawful and bloody, but they followed a certain logic. Putin famously once said that the breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest disaster of the 20th century. Which, considering how many disasters there were in the 20th century (not least for Russia) is quite the statement. But the ex-KGB agent Putin never got over that breakup. He pined for the USSR like a jilted lover. And the more time he has spent alone in the Kremlin the clearer it has been that he has had one plan above all else. To get the USSR back. By any means necessary. Now, as he nears his 70th birthday it seems that he sees this as his legacy. His war speech this week was filled with lies about history and blood-curdling threats about the present. And so the question of whether he is rational or not is back. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. What he has done in sending Russian troops pouring into Ukraine, is in one way just another example of his grand ambition. He has spent the last year building up his forces on the country’s borders. Foreign politicians have hummed and hah-ed but nobody has done anything meaningful to stop him. On the one hand, this buildup and the resulting invasion could look like the actions of a determined, if brutal, man. Yet it is also completely crazy. True there are Russian-speaking parts of Ukraine, and the country is indeed made up of different peoples. But Ukraine is a country. It is not a figment of people’s imagination. Ukraine is a sovereign, independent nation, and it is not Vladimir Putin’s to just seize as he likes. There are other signs of crazy, too. For instance, unlike in the case of Crimea, it looks likely that the Ukrainians will resist the Russian invasion. And the more of the country Putin tries to seize the more resistance he will face. If he tries to seize the whole thing then he risks igniting an even greater conflict. As he pulls up to the borders of NATO countries. Perhaps in the coming days the question of crazy will be answered. For, sad though it is to say, it is possible that if Putin seizes a chunk of the east of the country then the international community will in time simply accept it. But if he tries to swallow Ukraine whole he may well have shown something more than brutal calculation. It would demonstrate that he is, undoubtedly, mad. Already his actions have led to fresh sanctions being imposed on Russia. Bare minimum though this is, these sanctions will begin to seriously hurt Russia. The country´s banks are already being banned from operating outside the country. Individuals close to Putin who were not previously sanctioned are now on the sanctions list. And this is just the start. Even if there was no more international pressure, it isn’t at all clear that Putin can afford a long, drawn-out war in Ukraine. Although he loves to parade his military prowess, the Russian economy is suffering. Already it is smaller than that of South Korea. Of course his actions are going to cause untold pain to the innocent people of Ukraine first. But they will hurt the Russian people too. That is one reason why protesters have already come out on the streets of major Russian cities, including St. Petersburg. This is in itself an amazingly brave thing to do. To protest against Putin in Russia is to risk immediate arrest and worse. As Putin showed during protests last year in support of opposition leader Alexander Navalny, he is willing to crush all internal dissent. But as Navalny himself showed, before Putin arrested him and threw him into jail, Putin has weaknesses, too. As Navalny showed in his film “Putin’s Palace” (which can be seen online) Putin is not the spy-master genius he likes to pretend. Or at least not only that. He is also a grasping, greedy, grubby thug. Someone who has stolen the resources of his country. As Navalny showed, the golden toilet brush in the guest bathroom at the vineyard attached to Putin’s vast estate costs more than the average Russian earns in a year.Watching Putin rail against oligarchs this week was rich indeed. During the Corona era this strange, jealous man has become even more detached from reality. Even now he refuses to be near anyone close up. Those who do meet him have had to isolate for weeks beforehand and then get covered in chemicals. Not something you should trust the Kremlin with. But as he has brooded alone, and as his rambling declaration of war this week showed, he has become unmoored from reality. After she had left office Condoleezza Rice recalled one of her last meetings with Vladimir Putin. He told our then Secretary of State, “You know that Russia has only been great when it was ruled by strong men. Like Alexander II, like Peter the Great.” Rice said, “I remember thinking, and then is Vladimir the Great supposed to be in that line?” She was too diplomatic to ask. But she went on, “I am sure he’s not wholly rational. He´s a megalomaniac. And you have to deal with the 5% chance that he might in fact be delusional.” His bloody actions this week suggest that the 5% chance just came through.