No, no, no, no, no. Dear God, no. Hillary Clinton is seriously mulling a run in 2024. There’s simply no other way to interpret her speech at Thursday’s New York State Democratic Party Convention. Like the Tracy Flick she is, Clinton could barely make it through name-checking Gov. Hochul before eagerly leapfrogging into national politics. Apologies to Tracy Flick. At least she knew how to win an election. Not enough that Hillary carpet-bagged her way into a New York State Senate seat, itself a pretext for her first failed presidential run. Nope, Hillary had to use New York’s pandemic-era suffering as her excuse for addressing everything and anything but New York’s continued struggle for survival. “We have faced these challenges here in New York,” Hillary began, “at a time when the nation is deeply and dangerously divided.” Subtle. Does she not recall which two figures came to epitomize our deeply and dangerously divided nation back in 2016? “I know many of us hoped that defeating Trump would heal our divisions,” said the woman who thinks herself unifying, calming, uncontroversial. Yet this speech, if anything, should remind the Dems why Hillary lost not once but twice: She fails to inspire. The political maxim of campaigning in poetry but governing in prose has clearly never resonated with Hillary. Consider these warmed-over chestnuts from Thursday’s speech: “We need to focus on solutions that matter to voters.” “The struggle for unity and democracy is far from over.” “Democrats are fighting for safer communities and more opportunities . . . better jobs and higher wages . . . health care and housing that doesn’t break the bank.” Make no mistake: Hillary’s fighting for what she sees as her birthright, her fate, one she will not be denied. We’re all going to have to go through this again. Think I’m kidding? Hillary cast a wide net in this ostensibly state-centered speech, hitting on everything from Russia and China to the Jan. 6 riot, voting rights, reproductive rights, labor unions, child tax credits, family paid leave, health care and — dog whistle to moderate and establishment Dems — “culture war nonsense,” a k a woketivism. It was vintage Hillary Clinton, lacking in nuance, subtext or humility. Her easily decoded message: Biden’s old, confused and weak. Kamala’s a non-starter. Far-lefties like Bernie and Warren aren’t wanted. Who else ya got? Hillary, after all, loves to cast herself as the only sane adult in the room. She fails to realize: insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.