I’m a 64-year-old man, and I have been with my current employer for nine years. Due to life setbacks, I can’t retire yet. I’ve been in my industry for 15 years, so I’m knowledgeable and competent. I despise workplace drama, but I work with a group of women who have a lot of turmoil in their lives which spills over into the workplace. Their daily conduct is catty, juvenile, and with disregard for proper business modicum. Do I tough it out, or look for something hopefully better?This has the makings of a great sitcom. How about looking at this as an opportunity to play a leading role in this “Sex and the City” meets “The Office” situation? Seriously, it doesn’t sound as if you’re finding any of this funny.There’s no harm in trying to change jobs. I don’t know how strong the market is for your skillset but while you look, perhaps try to mentor this cast of characters, become the wise sage who helps keep them grounded. It sounds like they could use the coaching.That might give you new purpose so instead of “toughing it out” you can ride it out more positively. I run a small medical office and I recently hired an assistant who asked for a raise after only a month. I gave her one because it’s hard to find good help. A month later she asked for another raise, saying she isn’t earning what she did in her last job. Can I ask her for proof of what she made previously?Well, doc, have you ever read “If You Give A Moose a Muffin”? I fear that once you open this door your assistant will be making more than you before long. Listen, I know how challenging it is to find and retain talent, but you need to start out paying a competitive wage and then make it clear how to earn raises and over what period of time. By law in New York, you can’t ask an applicant about prior wages, but you can ask for proof of wages if someone volunteers their compensation. And if you decide to do an adjustment, make it clear of the time frame before you will review the compensation again. And if she asks for a raise again and you agree, see your own doctor and have your head examined. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @greggiangrande