He used to Reach for the stars, but Paul Cattermole is now more likely to read your horoscope after unveiling his new career as a “psychic wizard.” After 10 years of soul-searching and meditation, the S Club 7 star has launched a YouTube channel with predictions for each star sign and is offering tarot card readings for roughly $55 on a spiritual website, or about $70 for face-to-face Now the 44-year-old singer tells The Sun he’s like to use his spiritual powers to solve crimes, after being contacted from the grave six years ago by a murder victim seeking justice. “I can’t go into great detail, but I have been approached by people that have passed who tell me what happened to them and why they died,” he says. “One of them was a victim of crime and that made me realise that one of the things I really wanted to do is psychometry – walking into a crime scene and being able to pick up tools and implements and know what’s happened, what they’ve been used for. “Or to read the scene, because rooms, buildings and houses hold energy within them. “In the past, I would have been too young to process that but I’m definitely of the age where I can do that now.” Paul says his new career has been a decade in the making — and that his psychic abilities first surfaced in his teens. “I didn’t know what it was but I was getting premonitions of certain things,” he says. “I would see photos of people in newspapers and certain things about them would jump out of the image. “Then in my 20s it got more intense, but I could never tell anyone, even my bandmates, because it would sound like I’m crazy. “About 10 years ago, I was seeing, hearing and smelling things everywhere. “I started meditating and it started really calming down. It brought me to a point of stability. It’s been a spiritual journey.” Paul – who had a string of hits and a US TV show with the pop legends between 1998 and 2003 – has recently completed a week-long course with The Spiritual Studio to hone his skills. The unusual career change comes three years after he sold his Brit Award for Best Single on eBay, saying he had “bills to pay”. He now believes he can hear ghosts in haunted houses and, in his listing on the website Ask the Answer, Paul describes himself as a Psychic Detective, “with a keen interest in getting to the root and cause of any problem as an Intuitive Paranormal Investigator”. If the crime-fighting career doesn’t work out, exorcism could be another lucrative sideline. Paul has already been asked by a couple of friends to investigate whether their houses were haunted, declaring one was and the other wasn’t. “I walked into a house once and I could literally hear the ghosts running out of the roof,” he says. “They actually made quite a racket and I picked up on it so strongly. At the time I didn’t believe in ghosts, but I did from that point forward. “It’s rare that ghosts hang around a house to cause mischief – and you can tell them to leave. “They exist in another dimension, and they don’t have power over this one. If you instruct them very directly to leave, they have to go. They have no choice.” Paul also recommends burning sage and incense and using crystals for “space clearing” or “smudging.” Formed in 1999, when Paul was 22, S Club enjoyed huge success with a run of chart hits, including Never Had a Dream Come True and Bring It All Back. Paul – who’s always been a huge fan of The Sun’s Mystic Meg – bought his first pack of tarot cards after the band’s stints in the US, filming the hit TV series Miami 7, LA 7 and Hollywood 7, where he says he was overwhelmed by psychic “signs”. “I would be thinking something and a truck would drive past on the freeway with a clear reference to what I was thinking on its side,” he says. “I will never forget the time when I was driving on the 405 and Faith Hill’s I Can Hear You Breathe came on the radio. “I was suddenly filled with energy. Something enormous came into me. I didn’t know what it was but it was quite amazing. To this day that song has a deep meaning for me. “I got my first tarot deck soon after that.” Despite being at the height of success, Paul thought he was getting the wrong reading because the cards kept coming up the same – the Wheel of Fortune, the Chariot, the 10 of Pentacles, the star – meaning “fame, fortune and abundance”. But it couldn’t last, and Hannah Spearitt has since revealed the bandmates made just $815,000 each before they disbanded in 2003, a year after Paul left. He partially reformed S Club in 2008 with bandmates Jo O’Meara and Bradley McIntosh, later joined by Tina Barrett, but he left again after five years. Paul, who was declared bankrupt in 2014, says it didn’t take a crystal ball to see financial problems coming. “I knew there was some trouble and turbulent times ahead,” he laughs. “I was still getting the cards for fortune and prosperity, but some were coming in reverse – meaning the opposite of what they usually represent. “But I didn’t really need the cards to tell me there would be difficult situations further down the line.” Although his time in S Club was exhausting – with punishing schedules and living out of suitcases – Paul says he loved the experience of playing to packed stadiums and travelling around the world. But he struggled with what to do when the bottom dropped out and says going back to tiny gigs with his other band, Skua, and DJing in clubs left him feeling down. His mental health suffered when a 2016 stint in the Rocky Horror Show ended after he suffered a back injury and he failed to land lucrative slots on reality shows, including Strictly and I’m a Celebrity. He now believes fate was leading him into his psychic career. “After leaving S Club, things weren’t working out and, as more time passed my mental health got worse. I think by the time I was in my early 30s, things were very tricky,” he says. “It got very bad, and I couldn’t pay the bills. It wasn’t crazy bad, like I was going to end up homeless, and I feel really fortunate in that way. “But I had always been a hard worker – from having two paper rounds as a kid to being a podium dancer and working in a canteen at 18 – and I think being employed and doing a job is one of the most important things for mental health. “I found it very difficult but I knew it was going to build strength. The energy I was getting was being called to do something else. I didn’t know it was going to be a tarot reader or a psychic.” After he started meditating, the former singer says he began experiencing “all the clairs” – clairvoyance, clairaudience (hearing), clairempathy (feeling) clairsentience (sensing), clairalience (smelling) and clairgustance – tasting something that isn’t there. “That happened to me really quite strongly,” he says. “For about three months, I would get a taste of hazelnut spinning down through my cheeks into my mouth. That was a beautiful time. “It meant something was telling me, ‘life can be so sweet. You’re on the right track.’” Although he’s not religious, Paul says his readings are guided by a “force that was there at the beginning of the universe, the Prime Creator”. “I feel the universe, see the universe,” he says. “The universe is a feminine bed of fertility. So when I pick up on things, I get more feminine energy than masculine energy.” During our chat, Paul uses the cards to make predictions about the UK bounceback from Covid and future forays into space – believing the coronavirus has been sent to prepare us for exploring other planets. “Interstellar space travel is paramount, not because of population rises but because that is what we’re actually here to do,” he says. “That’s why the virus came to give us the antibodies and the bacterial strength to go out and populate the stars. It’s our job to do this as a race.” He also predicted the UK economy would bounce back from the pandemic “sooner than we think”, even if a new variant of the virus emerges. “In five years time, people are going to be shocked at how abundant, financially, the UK is going to be,” he says. But one thing he won’t predict is an S Club 7 reunion. He admits he’s not in touch with his former bandmates and hasn’t spoken to Hannah – who he dated for six years after he was “asked to by management” – for years. The other five have had varying solo success, with Jo O’Meara releasing a new album last year and Rachel Stevens making the finals of Strictly and appearing in this series of Dancing on Ice. “I look back on my time in S Club very fondly,” he says. “I love all the guys. I loved that time when we were working together and filming in the US. “I would never be against the idea of a reunion but my honest answer is that I don’t think it’s likely. “Never say never – but it doesn’t look like it’s on the cards.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.