It’s got a fat chance of survival. California wildlife authorities are facing backlash from Lake Tahoe residents over their campaign to catch and euthanize a 500-pound black bear named Yogi who’s wreaking havoc in the area. “This one individual bear has been linked to property damage at 38 different properties at least,” Peter Tira, representing the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, told KCRA 3 in Sacramento of the problem animal, which resides in the wealthy Tahoe Keys neighborhood. Per the wildlife authorities, the obese bruin has reportedly been the source of more than 150 calls between law enforcement and wildlife personnel recently. They reported that despite efforts to dissuade it, the chonky boy caused “extensive property damage and forcefully entered several homes — including occupied homes.” In order to mitigate Yogi’s destruction spree, the CDFW has been setting up traps to catch the blubbery beast — but to no avail. “The trapping activity is a measure of last resort to capture and euthanize a specific and what we call a severely habituated or human-food conditioned black bear,” Tira said. However, the bear hunt sparked an outcry from residents, who tried to sabotage them by trying to scare away the bear, playing loud music, and even spray-painting “Bear Killer” on the government’s trap, per the Nevada current. Meanwhile, bear activist group the BEAR League has been coordinating with the CDFW to transport Yogi to a safe haven. “The BEAR League reached out to the director of an excellent out-of-state wildlife sanctuary who agreed he has room and would be very willing to give this bear a permanent home,” said executive director Ann Bryant. “We notified [the California Department of Fish and Wildlife] on Tuesday morning asking that this option be seriously considered rather than killing the bear.” She added, “[They] immediately responded to us stating they will coordinate internally and get back to us.” However, Bryant doesn’t see sanctuaries as the permanent solution, and instead urges Tahoe Keys residents to practice preventative measures such as securing garbage, and keeping trash out of cars. “Homeowners and visitors need to do their part to keep the bears out of trouble so they can live wild and free,” she said. “The various reasons that the bears get into trouble is because people do this and they teach the bears that’s a good way to make a living.”