A woman has revealed her first Tinder date turned into a complete horror show. The dating app user, Sami Jo, said she was simply glad she “made it out alive” after the disaster date. In a video posted on social media, Sami shared that she was happy to agree to go on her first-ever Tinder date. She said that at first, it was going really well and she thought he was “so hot.” Sami claimed that his first red flag was him saying he was blocked by multiple celebrities on Instagram, even though he had never commented or messaged them before. Furthermore, Sami claimed that while on their first date, the man kept watching Vines of girls on repeat as he continuously told Sami how attractive he found the women. However, Sami admitted she ignored his red flags as she was too distracted by his good looks. The two continued to date, and she said he even visited her at college for her birthday. While showing him her campus, Sami claimed he was very obviously checking out every girl they passed. She even claimed he said: “If I went here I’d get so much a**.” Once he left her school, Sami said she felt relieved. Calling him “the worst,” Sami said she even told her roommates she would never see him again. Just minutes after leaving, though, the man called her and asked her to be his girlfriend. According to Sami, he wouldn’t take “no” for an answer. To make things even crazier, she claimed that he asked her to change her Facebook status to show they got married. Sami said she had one mutual connection with this unidentified Tinder man, and they texted her to show her the messages he had sent about her. “She’s a c**t.” “I’m actually going to burn her house down,” the messages supposedly read. Plus, she claimed he spent weeks subtweeting her and even posted that she wished she was dead. Viewers of Sami’s story were shocked by her disaster dating story, with many claiming they were ready to delete Tinder after learning about her experience. Others were concerned that the man was still out there, with one writing: “UMMMM hi 9-1-1 I’d like to make a citizens arrest.” Of course, this is far from the first questionable dating experience that evolved from an app. One woman claimed she met a guy on a dating app, but he ended up cheating on her and multiple other women at the same time. Plus, another woman said her Bumble match openly fat-shamed her. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.