There is something fishy in Montecito. A putrid smell is said to have inundated Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s $14.65 million, nine-bedroom, 19-bathroom mansion, according to several reports. Neighbors in the upscale Santa Barbara community “disgusted” by the pungent fragrance have reportedly complained about the issue to no avail. The scent allegedly comes from the nearby Andrée Clark Bird Refuge — a 42-acre saltwater marsh — which is among the largest wildlife refuges in the county. Sources told the Mirror that the water can become “stagnant,” leading to a strong odor. “It smells like an offal that has been rotting in the sun. It makes my stomach churn,” a Montecito resident told the outlet. Local officials say the stench could last through autumn, when improvements in the pipeline are expected to be finished. “The odor issues are sporadic and sometimes they are worse in some conditions. I’ve seen lots of homeowners closing their windows when it wafts over,” Cameron Benson, clean water manager for the City of Santa Barbara, said. “The Bird Refuge does sometimes emit an unpleasant odor,” Benson told The Post. “But it does not smell now, and has not for some time.” Other reports surfaced that the stink may have come directly from the home of the royal couple themselves. Reps for Meghan and Harry were unavailable for comment — but an insider told The Post the claims that the odor is from their mansion are untrue. The Post has also reached out to Mayor Randy Rowse’s office for comment. This isn’t the first time Harry and Meghan have had to deal with odor issues. Last year, it was reported that they had been living near a legal cannabis factory, which have proliferated in the area since weed farming was legalized in 2016. The couple’s mansion is situated near 20 large greenhouses full of cannabis plants — leaving the luxury suburb reeking of weed. Neighbors made a string of complaints, spurring the company to install new “odor control systems.” Gregory Gandrud told the Sunday Mirror: “The stink was getting stronger and heading their way. I was driving along the freeway and was hit hard by the smell. It doesn’t make you high but it’s not what you want driving at 70 mph.” “I had to pull over. It made me completely lose my train of thought. Lots of people here are suffering.” Harry and Meghan first purchased the estate in June 2020 following their announcement that they would be leaving the royal family. Amenities include a library, an office, a spa with a separate dry and wet sauna, a gym, a game room, an arcade, a theater, a wine cellar and a five-car garage. Situated on 7.38 acres, the home also boasts sweeping lawns, tiered rose gardens, tall Italian cypress trees, blooming lavender, century-old olive trees, a tennis court, a tea house, a children’s cottage and a pool, the previous listing noted. On the south end of the ground is a two-bedroom, two-bathroom guest house. The property is estimated to be worth a whopping $26 million today, according to a Zillow estimate. Montecito is also home to Oprah Winfrey, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ellen DeGeneres, Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry.