Mayor Eric Adams called Thursday for people to revive the state’s economy by getting “back to work” — and said he was tired of hearing excuses about the COVID-19 pandemic. “New Yorkers, it’s time to get back to work,” Adams said during a speech at the state Democratic Committee’s Nominating Convention. “You can’t tell me you’re afraid of COVID on Monday and I see you in a nightclub on Sunday.” The crack sparked laughter among the audience at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel. Adams said that white-collar workers who continued working from home were hurting service-oriented businesses that rely on a steady stream of customers. “That accountant that’s not in his office space is not going to the cleaners,” he said. “It’s not going to the restaurant. It’s not allowing the cooks, the waiters, the dishwashers [to make a living].” Adams also appealed to New Yorkers’ civic pride, saying: “It’s time to open our state and our city and show the country the resiliency of who we are.” But Adams made only an oblique reference to leading Democratic state legislators’ opposition to his plan to stem the surge in crime by toughening the state’s controversial bail reform law. “We do not need to choose between safety and justice. That’s a prerequisite to our prosperity of being safe in a just way,” he said. “If we believe that we are the party of the possible then there’s not need, no need to be any fights between us — only the fights in front of us.” On Monday, Adams acknowledged a lack of progress after meeting with lawmakers in Albany, saying, “If I am not getting the things I laid out … I still have an obligation to keep the city safe.” But the next day, Adams lashed out at the media over news coverage of his failed trip and suggested he wasn’t being treated fairly due to racial bias because “I’m a black man that’s the mayor but my story is being interpreted by people that don’t look like me.” On Wednesday, Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) confirmed during a radio interview that legislators had rejected Adams’ plan to amend the bail law, saying that it’s “not … the actual answer” to the problem of surging crime.