Police in upstate New York have turned to the public for help in piecing together the timeline of SUNY Potsdam student Elizabeth Howell’s mysterious murder. State police on Sunday released a photo of the car they say suspect Michael J Snow, 31, was driving on Friday when he allegedly shot and killed Howell — a gray Honda Civic with damage to the driver’s door. Snow, a resident of Massena, NY, on the Canadian border, drove through several nearby towns on the night of the killing, police said. He drove a 90-mile arc Friday night through the towns of Potsdam, Hopkinton, Malone, Westville, Hogansburg, and back to Massena between 5 p.m. and 8:30 p.m., cops said. Police are asking anyone who may have seen Snow and his car during that time frame to call them at 518-873-2750. Howell, 21, was found around 6 p.m., lying on the side of the road with gunshot wounds in Potsdam — some 23 miles south of Massena — according to state police. She was declared dead at a nearby hospital. Howell was a senior studying music education who played in the school’s Crane Symphony Orchestra. She was set to graduate this year. It wasn’t immediately clear if Snow and Howell knew each other, but SUNY Potsdam said in a statement that Snow had “no affiliation with the College, either as a student, employee or graduate.” Howell’s parents told The Post in an emotional interview that they believed their daughter was in the “wrong place [at the] wrong time.” “She was the type of person that didn’t have enemies, and certainly no one that would want to kill her,” said her father, Joe Howell. Snow was arrested Saturday after police raided a residence on Main Street in Massena. Neighbors told the local CBS affiliate that they heard police shout “warrant” and saw flashbangs go off. He’s been charged with second-degree murder. “Snow is still incarcerated with the St. Lawrence County Sheriff’s Office and is currently in the custody of Deputies and Corrections Officers,” the sheriff’s office said. The CBS report said Snow is being held without bail.