Only a fraction of the social service teams touted as the answer to the Big Apple’s homeless and mental health crises underground were deployed on the program’s first day, Mayor Eric Adams said Tuesday. “We had six teams out yesterday … We’re going to reach the point of 30 teams,” Adams said during an unrelated press conference in Brooklyn. “We have a well-organized plan that we’re going to execute, and it’s going to be determined on the outcome, having a safe system that people are able to use, where people are not breaking the law.” City Hall later clarified the six teams Adams “mentioned was the most at any given time” and claimed a total of nine teams were dispatched throughout Monday. Hizzoner’s plan to crack down on subway crime and connect the homeless and mentally ill to services promised 30 teams of homeless outreach workers, police officers and clinicians, but the program had a slow rollout Monday when it went into effect. Adams said crews engaged just “100 individuals in the subway system” but couldn’t confirm how many people actually made it into shelters or were connected to services, citing privacy concerns. “What we are not going to do — because, remember, this is enforcement and also dignity — we’re not going to parade around where we’re going, who we’re removing. We’re not going to allow people through our actions to have cameras placed in their face because they’re down on their luck,” Adams said. “This is a very well-organized coordination with the Governor’s Office, as well as other professionals, mental health professionals.” On Tuesday, The Post spent eight hours at Penn Station — identified by City Hall as one of six subway stations that have the “highest need” for homeless outreach — to catch the social service teams in action. But not a single unhoused New Yorker was seen leaving with the crews. In several instances, The Post watched police officers and outreach workers engage with the needy and ask them to leave, only for them to just move to a different part of the station. “It’s like hide and seek,” said an employee at a convenience shop in Penn Station. Advocates and social workers have said it can take months of conversations and trust-building to convince the chronically homeless to enter the shelter system. Mary Quatro, an unhoused woman who didn’t know her age but said she may be in her late 60s, said she spoke with one of the outreach workers and will be staying in Penn Station until they can get her a bed at a shelter. “They are going to find me something soon,” Quatro told The Post. “They got me on the warming bus. They got my medicine because the heart is weak,” she continued, referring to a mobile warming center that’s parked near the station overnight. Mireille Registre, 68, uses a walker to get around and said she’s been homeless since 2003. “They ask people to leave every day. I don’t have no other place I could go to,” Registre said. “I cannot be forced to leave. This is a public place.” Around 2:30 p.m., The Post witnessed a homeless outreach rep engage Registre and promise to come back to speak with her at 3:30 p.m. but the time came and went, and the social worker never returned. “This is no way to live,” said Reigstre. “It’s not a place where anybody wants to live.” Additional reporting by Bernadette Hogan