White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki admitted recently why she got back into politics after leaving the Obama White House in 2011. The reason? She binge-watched the NBC political drama “The West Wing.” This explains so much. After all, the show pioneered Psaki’s own style of communicating. I.e., speaking to anyone who questions the liberal orthodoxy of the moment as if they were fools or traitors. A glance at her greatest hits shows this principle in action. Like her la-di-da answer about what responding to Vladimir Putin’s aggression in Ukraine might do to already sky-high gas prices: “standing up for values is not without cost.” Or her bizarre attempt to blame the rise in anti Asian hate crimes on “hate-filled rhetoric” about China’s COVID culpability. Or her hand-wave on inflation, saying in December it “will ease over time, whatever you want to call it.” Or her statement implying journalists concerned about crime are living in an “alternate universe.” Or her infamous remark dismissing concerns over the supply-chain crisis, calling them “the tragedy of the treadmill that’s delayed.” These are not the words of someone concerned with the problems facing ordinary Americans — and they are nothing new for her, either: Remember her theatrical 2014 selfie with the hashtag #UnitedforUkraine? But considered as B-grade political theater, they make perfect sense. She’s playing to a core audience for applause, laughter and affirmation. Which she gets, by the way: Social media amplifies her words, talking heads trot out adapted versions of her talking points and she’s featured in glossies like Vogue. In Psaki’s world, heroes are heroes (Dems and their allies) and villains are villains (the GOP and Dem critics). If the Democratic position undergoes a sudden 180 — like on Nord Stream 2, which Psaki now claims the Biden administration never supported despite its waiver of sanctions on the project — then everyone better get with the program. And the fewer questions the better. We fear most of Psaki’s White House colleagues dwell in the same bubble. Yet governing “West Wing”-style appeals to a narrow slice of Americans: affluent, mostly white media and government professionals concentrated in New York City and Washington, DC. Many of whom, like Psaki, we suspect were nudged into politics by a desire to emulate self-righteous, fake-genius President Josiah Bartlet. Though most end flailing like underqualified intern Ryan Pierce (Jake Sullivan, we’re looking at you). Indeed, the Biden White House reminds us more of an episode of “Veep”: fumbling, narcissistic pols creating catastrophes on a daily basis. This is hilarious as fiction. But when it becomes fact — especially as we face the most serious aggression against the West in a generation — it’s simply terrifying.