The Rangers have lost a pioneer of the franchise. Former goaltender, head coach and general manager Emile “The Cat” Francis has died, the Rangers announced Saturday. He was 95. The cause of death was not announced. “The New York Rangers and the entire hockey world are saddened to learn of the passing of Emile Francis,” team president and general manager Chris Drury said in a statement. “Emile’s passion and dedication to the Rangers organization and growing the game of hockey in New York City was second to none. ‘The Cat’ was a true pioneer and innovator, as well as the architect and coach of some of the greatest teams in Rangers history. “Emile has meant as much to the Rangers as any person who has been part of the organization throughout its history. Our thoughts are with Emile’s family and friends during this difficult time.” Francis, who earned the nickname “The Cat” for his quick reflexes as a young player, got his start with the Rangers after the Blackhawks traded him to New York during the 1948-49 season. He wore red, white and blue for parts of four seasons, primarily playing in the AHL, but appeared in 22 games with the Rangers. After he retired as a player, Francis coached the Rangers’ Ontario Hockey Association affiliate, the Guelph Royals, for two seasons from 1960 to 1962. Francis was then promoted to assistant general manager before ultimately taking over as Rangers general manager and head coach in 1965. Under Francis, the Rangers made the Stanley Cup playoffs in nine consecutive seasons from 1966-67 to 1974-75, including four straight semifinal appearances and a trip to the finals in 1971-72. He was coach for 10 seasons, though during the 1968-69 and 1973-74 seasons, he was solely in the front office for part of the season. Francis, who was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1982, also worked for the Blues and Hartford Whalers. Francis is the Rangers’ all-time leader in wins, games coached and points percentage in franchise history. No other Rangers coach has more playoff wins (34) or more playoff game appearances (75) than Francis. Aside from overseeing a memorable stretch in Rangers history, Francis had a hand in the formation of the famous “G-A-G Line” of Vic Hadfield, Jean Ratelle and Rod Gilbert — three players who set single-season and franchise records under his lead. Francis was also GM when the organization selected defenseman Brad Park with the second-overall pick in the 1966 NHL Amateur Draft. “I mourn the loss of my dear friend, Emile Francis,” senior advisor to the owner and alternate governor Glen Sather said. “I had the privilege to play for Emile, coach against him, and work in the league as a general manager at the same time as him. I always admired Emile’s passion and dedication, and he was one of the true characters of our game. I’d like to express my deepest condolences to everyone who knew and loved Emile.”