Picture this: you have your favorite full-coverage foundation that does the job, having the shade number and name etched into your memory for your next stock-up. It’s one of the few things you don’t have to think about (after all, once it’s empty, you just buy another one!) But, while that whole scenario sounds like you’re just a savvy shopper, it’s best to assess if a foundation is actually a perfect match for your mature skin, targeting concerns like fine lines, wrinkles and dark spots — you know, the things that naturally come with age and acquiring more wisdom. Not to mention, with a Cheesecake Factory-size menu of formulas and shades to choose from, thumbing through mature skin foundations can be somewhat like anxious mayhem. That said, we turned to a dermatologist and a makeup artist to sift through the hundreds of foundations for mature skin across all skin types that are on the market. If you’re looking for a good skincare regimen to help make your skin appear more youthful, too, check out our guide to the best retinol creams and serums. To skip the FAQ portion of this article, simply click on one of the following links to jump to our list of foundations: “As you get older, not only does the skin get thinner and more lines and wrinkles appear, but dyspigmentation also occurs, which is a combination of years of sun exposure unevenness,” Marina Peredo, MD, a board-certified dermatologist specializing in aesthetic dermatology and associate clinical professor at Mount Sinai Hospital told The Post. “Brown and red [areas] start to form on the skin as well. Uneven pigmentation or dyspigmentation and a combination of brown and red spots make the skin appear older.” What’s more, the skin begins to lose sebum and becomes drier. “Complexion tends to get darker and appear more ‘dull”-looking as a result,” seven-year makeup artist Jasmin Winnie Stephen told the New York Post. “Products that can be beneficial to this process are active ingredients like vitamin C to help brighten the complexion.” Foundations for mature skin should be thinner and lighter so it does not sink into fine lines or wrinkles, according to Peredo. “Thicker foundations are better for those who are younger; when the skin is mature it tends to be drier and more wrinkled,” she adds. “Lighter foundations have an optical illusion to make skin look plumper and younger.” Simply put, she recommends staying away from heavy makeup if you have mature skin. While Peredo advises against using powder foundations for mature skin — namely because they have the “tendency to get into crevices and wrinkles” and [can] “make skin look older and drier” — we rounded up three picks below should you want a light dusting of coverage. With acne-prone skin comes a whole field of dos and dont’s to avoid flare-ups. Specifically, “avoiding foundations with added fragrance is especially important as it can irritate the existing acne or cause more breakouts,” Stephen notes. “Formulas containing salicylic acid will also be very beneficial as that ingredient helps with fighting acne.” The golden mistake? Using an oil-based, thick foundation as a cover-up that leads to future breakouts, Peredo explains. Like Stephen, she recommends looking for lightweight products with salicylic acid, along with alpha hydroxy acid and SPF. Before the foundation is on your makeup brush (or sponge, or back of your hand), it’s important to properly moisturize your face so your skin doesn’t overproduce oil, per Stephen. “Look for foundations that have a transfer-free formula to make sure it stays put,” Peredo adds. “Matte foundations are best for oily skin in order not to create additional shine.” Don’t forget, too: avoid oil-based foundations. Amid the cereal aisle of dry skin products, the worst feeling is applying a foundation and having the areas around your nose and chin look crackly (we’ve been there). So, most of all, you want a foundation that’s both “hydrating and moisturizing” (according to Peredo) and ones that “promote a glow” (according to Stephen). “Ingredients such as hyaluronic acid increases the skin’s moisture and helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles,” Stephen adds. The crux between oily and dry, combination skin surely has to be handled with care. Not to mention, hunting for the best foundation can sometimes be trial and error. “A great place to start is trying foundations that cater to the drier areas,” Stephen suggests. “You can always mattify where needed.” “If you have sensitive skin, you should look for a foundation that is fragrance-free and moisturizing,” Peredo advises. “You want to make sure the foundation has anti-inflammatory ingredients in order to reduce inflammation and redness.” Plus, you want to make sure the formula has noncomedogenic ingredients to avoid clogging up pores. Armani Beauty’s Luminous Silk Foundation is a premier option and one of Stephen’s “tried and trues.” She appreciates the “beautiful finish” and “large shade range” and, after trying it ourselves, we can attest that we never second-guessed the $65 price tag. When paired with the brand’s under-eye concealer ($38), it’s truly a match made in heaven and your face will have a natural yet gleaming finish all day. Ah, let us introduce you to the best full-coverage foundation we tested: Pat McGrath Lab’s Sublime Perfection Foundation. As its name suggests — perfection seems to speak for itself. Stephen raves about this foundation as having a gorgeous finish, “especially for mature skin,” and Peredo notes that it’s also wonderful for dry skin types. It “hydrates while also providing a natural coverage that is buildable,” Peredo adds. Boasting an impressive shade range is Shiseido’s Skin Radiant Lifting Foundation. It’s infused with SPF 30 and one of Stephen’s formulas she keeps on rotation. Plus, it helps achieve that glowy complexion we all crave. “Alastin’s HydraTint Pro Mineral Broad Spectrum Sunscreen SPF 36 is translucent, lightweight and anti-aging all in one,” Peredo notes, highlighting it as her overall favorite. “It also has SPF to protect the skin.” Plus, it’s water-resistant and doesn’t leave a white cast (so it’s more like a sunscreen-turned foundation staple). “Neutrogena’s SkinClearing Liquid Makeup has salicylic acid to help fight breakouts and also has an oil-free formula,” Peredo said. Though its shade range isn’t the broadest, it provides breathable coverage for fair to medium skin tones. You already know what ingredient Clinique’s Acne Solutions Liquid Makeup Foundation has to combat stubborn blemishes: salicylic acid. As one of the reasons Peredo recommends it, it isn’t the only; “the color-correcting formula helps diminish the appearance of redness” too, she adds. Stephen also stands by this product for its integration of salicylic acid and other “skin-improving ingredients” like caffeine and glycerin. Meet the newly launched foundation that’s picking up steam all over the Internet. Kosas’ Revealer Skin-Improving Foundation contains hyaluronic acid and niacinamide — two reasons why Stephen backs this product — and leaves a brightening and plumping finish on the skin. “IT Cosmetics’ Bye Bye Foundations Oil-Free Matte Moisturizer with SPF 50+ is great because it has a water-based formula and is matte on the skin,” Peredo notes. “It helps cover redness, acne, fine lines and wrinkles.” Not to mention, if you’re looking for an A+ night cream, we tried the brand’s formula and adored its bouncy feel that’s good for all skin types. This product deserves a moment of silence because we’ve tried it, loved it for an incomparable light and fresh glowy coverage and worship it in the off hours (no makeup days, that is). Likewise, Peredo feels the same — for oily skin, specifically. “Charlotte Tilbury’s Light Wonder Foundation is lightweight and smooths, hydrates and minimizes the appearance of pores and wrinkles,” she adds. It’s also a dream to use with the brand’s Magic Vanish Color Corrector ($32) that’s one of the best concealers we reviewed. If it’s not the mother of all mature skin foundations, we don’t know what Estée Lauder’s Double Wear is. The massively followed formula is recommended by Stephen for “lasting all day without a worry,” along with its oil-controling ingredients to minimize the residual effects of this skin type. There simply isn’t a coincidence that nearly every bridal makeup video we’ve clicked on features some kind of Dior product. And, respectfully so. The Dior Forever Matte Foundation is loved by Stephen for the same reasons as Estée Lauder’s formula: oil-absorbing, long-lasting and undeniably gorgeous on the skin. As our recommended full-coverage foundation for photoshoots, we can’t even begin to describe how lovely this thick-but-not-goopy formula is to enhance your complexion and diminish forehead lines. Stephen appreciates how impressive Charlotte’s finish is for absorbing excess oil and staying put for all-day wear, too. “This is formulated with hyaluronic acid to moisturize and plump the skin while providing lightweight coverage,” Peredo spotlights, standing by it for dry skin, specifically. It’s one of the brand’s bestsellers, too, and offers that optimal light-to-medium coverage our experts swear by for mature skin. A diamond in the rough, Estée Lauder’s Futurist Hydra Rescue Moisturizing Foundation is made with SPF, has a nourishing finish and helps reduce redness. “This formula helps retain the skin’s moisture while giving it a natural inner glow,” Stephen adds. From the brand that brought you the small but mighty BeautyBlender sponge ($20) — this skin tint is excellent and mesmerizing. Stephen names it a staple in her repertoire, especially for drier-skinned clients, and its hyaluronic acid-infused, lightweight coverage is exactly how to kill two birds with one stone for your mature and dry skin. Not only spectacular for its ruby red packaging, but Koh Gen Do’s Maifanshi Moisture Foundation is also (1) fun to pronounce and (2) holds a stellar track record for covering up dry skin in a seamless way. Stephen loves this foundation (that’s sold at Dermstore, a top retailer for skincare, by the way) because of how refreshing it is on drier skin types, much like your favorite eye cream or moisturizer. Infallible and also irreplaceable for your best drugstore foundation pick, L’Oreal Paris’ formula “sits on mature skin so beautifully” and is a “hidden gem,” according to Stephen, who dug this baby up out of the Target and Ulta Beauty coal mines. Cheesy, but true — for less than $15, how can you go wrong? As one of her favorite foundations for combination skin, Peredo approves of Make Up Forever’s Matte Velvet Skin Full Coverage Foundation for being matte, “so it helps control oil while still giving a natural finish,” she notes. It’s waterproof and will last throughout the day, too. If you haven’t already seen it on TikTok and practically shouted from the rooftops of every beauty junkie nationwide, Charlotte’s Beautiful Skin Foundation is a force — rather, formula — to be reckoned with. “This is one of my most-used and beautiful foundations, Stephen said, applying the reality of this finish with its name. Plus, it’s perfection if you want happy-medium coverage. Chantecaille’s Future Skin Foundation is a splurge for combination skin that Stephen would also give a 30-second elevator pitch for. A bit different than Charlotte’s Beautiful Skin Foundation in that it’s more lightweight, the luxe finish is buildable and naturally flawless. If you watched YouTube makeup tutorials in the bygone 2012-2016 era, you know that NARS’ Natural Radiant Longwear Foundation is a staple on bedroom vanities to achieve practically any look. There’s no surprise it’s one of Stephen’s faves, too. Designed to last for up to 16 hours, this formula leans toward medium coverage without being cakey — ideal for combination skin and vetted by many. For sensitive skin, you have to be extra cautious with ingredient lists, but Neutrogena’s Hydro Boost Hydrating Tint fits the bill. “It’s formulated with hyaluronic acid to keep the skin moisturized and is fragrance-free,” Peredo said. Plus, it’s one of Stephen’s most-recommended drugstore foundations for mature skin. If the spa-sounding Tint Du Soleil name doesn’t sell you, how about its decadently whipped finish and SPF infusion? “It’s lightweight and hydrating on the skin,” according to Peredo, and a staple for sensitive skin that she stands by. We don’t discriminate against CC creams smuggling their way into a foundations roundup. After all, the experts recommend lighter coverage and It Cosmetics’ CC+ Cream with SPF 50+ passes the test with flying colors. Stephen enjoys this formula for containing collagen, peptides, niacin (a B vitamin) and antioxidants that sensitive skin lovers rave about. If we were on a deserted island and could only bring one makeup brand, it’s difficult to say but ILIA is at the top of our roster. Its bestselling Super Serum Skin Tint SPF 40 Foundation is one of the best things to come since slice bread, too, and adored by Stephen for being oil-free and containing hyaluronic acid. After trying it for ourselves, it’s also great for dry skin types too, as hyaluronic acid plumps and nurtures the skin’s texture. Oh, and the brand’s Fullest Volumizing Mascara ($28)? Extraordinary. Dermablend’s bestselling Flawless Creator Liquid Foundation Drops are a precise way to apply foundation to your mature skin that may be sensitive and in need of color-correcting dark spots and fine lines. Specifically, Stephen backs this product for its skin-boosting ingredients, like titanium dioxide, which is found in most sunscreens. It’s amazing what a light dusting of the Charlotte’s Airbrush Flawless Finish Setting Powder can do. “This powder foundation helps provide coverage, set the makeup and get rid of any unwanted shine, while not settling in fine lines or drying out the skin’s texture,” Stephen said. Coupled with the brand’s Airbrush Matte Bronzer ($56) for one of the most natural glows and wow — it’s quite the enhancing look. Pretty much loved for all the reasons Stephen listed about Charlotte’s powder foundation, Sephora Collection’s $20 compact is a budget-friendly pick that offers a buildable, subtle sweep on mature skin. Plus, the shade range is incredible. As a go-to powder in our collection, bareMinerals has a lovely pressed formula that’s one of the quickest to use for a light to medium coverage glow. Stephen says it’s one of her favorites, too, and a good pick to use if you want a hint more coverage to balance out your liquid foundation. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.