Words cannot espresso how much we love a good cup of joe. Do you take yours with some sprinkled cinnamon? What about vanilla flavoring? The biggest question of all: hot or iced? No matter how you create your perfect cup of joy, a good working coffee maker is a must. Add some pizzaz and style, and it can even liven up your kitchen space. That’s why we headed over to Amazon to find the best coffee makers to buy in 2022. We discovered top finds from Mr. Coffee, Keurig, Breville, Cuisinart and more. Keep reading to score your own perfect kitchen companion. Mr. Coffee never lets us down. This 12-cup coffee maker is a classic for a reason. It features an on and off indicator light, an auto pause stop option, dual water windows, a filter basket and more. If you’re like us and enjoy the simplicity of a Keurig, you’ll love this pick. This coffee maker includes a large 48 ounce water reservoir, can brew multiple K-cup sizes, descales for the perfect clean and features simple button controls. You may be someone who enjoys the fancy things in life, and that includes your coffee. If that’s you, the Breville Barista Express will make all of your coffee dreams. Look forward to dose control grinding, optimal water pressure, precise espresso extraction, foam milk texturing, a built in coffee grinder and more. Have you ever seen anything so beautiful and cute at the same time? Neither have we. The Amaste Drip Coffee Maker keeps coffee warm from 30 minutes, preserves flavor and includes a glass carafe and water tank marked for perfect measuring. Various pastel colors are available. With this Hamilton Beach brewer, you don’t only get one way to make coffee, but two. So go ahead and brew a single cup of joe or go all out and brew a full pot. The choice is yours. Not only is this Cuisinart coffee maker classic and chic, but it’s also fully automatic, self-cleaning and can brew up to four cups at once. Various color options are available. Get retro with this programmable coffee maker. It brews up to 12 cups at once, allows for coffee scheduling, provides simple controls and that’s just the beginning of its great features. Make the perfect blend with the Keurig K-Duo. It’s ideal for making a single cup of coffee or hosting a dessert party alike. Best of all, you can use both coffee grounds or K-cups. If you’re look for a Keurig-like coffee maker for half the price, this is it. The one cup reservoir helps make your perfect morning cup in just three minutes. A favorite of many, this Keurig K-Slim coffee maker comes in both black and white. It’s ideal for smaller kitchen spaces and can brew 8, 10, or 12 ounce cups. Add a pop of color to your home with this five-cup coffee maker. It’s simple to use, amazingly priced and has over 6,000 positive reviews. Other colors available range from yellow and mint to vibrant red. Never leave home without your coffee again. Thanks to this Hamilton Beach’s programmable clock, your coffee will always be ready exactly when you need it. Further features include automatic pause and serve, front access filling and a swing out basket. If you’re the person who asks Starbucks to make it “extra hot,” then this is the coffee maker for you. Expert coffee-making technology ensures super hot coffee. You can also select your desired brew and 24-hour programming. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.