Bright eyes and a kind smile lit up as Sharon Chuter, founder of UOMA Beauty, sat down with The Post. “Uoma means beautiful,” she said, “Beauty starts the moment you decide to be yourself.” That sentiment echoes throughout the UOMA Beauty brand, making Chuter’s mission of rewriting the rules of inclusivity and diversity all the more prominent. “When we say we exist to rewrite the rules of inclusivity and diversity, it’s because inclusivity and diversity are overused corporate buzzwords,” Chuter explain. “At the end of the day, it’s all about self acceptance, which means we need to facilitate a world where everybody is celebrated for being their authentic self.” Therefore, UOMA Beauty was created as a movement that strives to inspire people to fall in love with themselves in a way the beauty industry doesn’t always allow for. But Chuter’s drive doesn’t end there. For the second Black History Month in a row, Chuter has dedicated herself to cultivating further equity and equality through the use of her brands UOMA Beauty, Pull Up For Change and Make It Black. As Chuter describes it, UOMA Beauty is the driving force that brings people in. Once brought into UOMA Beauty, individuals have the option to purchase from the Make It Black collection, where 100% of the net proceeds are donated to the Pull Up For Change Impact Fund. The Impact Fund is then sent out in its entirety to Black founders to help support their businesses and success. Because as Chuter explains, “The best kind of ally ship is economic ally ship. If you want to be part of the solution, support Black businesses and support Black founders.” Best of all, the Make It Black campaign has extended beyond the UOMA Beauty walls and into the realms of other companies. Some companies that have joined in on the movement include MAC Cosmetics, e.l.f. Cosmetics, Morphe and more. To contribute to the Pull Up For Change Impact Fund, shop Chuter’s top picks from the Make It Black collection and additional brand launches below. “The Badass Icon Lipstick in Elaine is my absolute favorite in the entire collection,” Chuter told the New York Post. “I’d been dying to make a black lipstick for ages, and I wanted a black lipstick that still moved and could be easily removed.” Chuter also said the lipstick was named after Elaine Brown, the first and only female chairman of the Black Panther Party. “You get the chance to celebrate the true legacy of the Panthers and you get to also attack with a dope black lipstick,” — sounds like a win-win to us. The Full UOMA Beauty Make It Black collection can be shopped here. Chuter’s second favorite is none other than the iconic Morphe 18-pan palette. “The color story is beautiful,” Chuter said. “It’s really versatile, and it’s one that any skin tone can use.” You can also look forward to bold browns and pigment-packed pops of color. “Come on, [it’s] beautiful,” Chuter said about the MAC Cosmetics Hug Me shade. The formula features a sheer-shine and provides a soft, classic look for all skin tones. Three various color options are available for purchase. “I really love [this] sponge,” Chuter said about her fourth favorite Make It Black product. “Just put the sponge in water and it blows up.” The multi-use sponge also features slanted sides to fit every detail of your face for easy blending. This ultra-precision, long-lasting eye liner is another one of Chuter’s favorites, as she calls it “amazing” and a “top pick.” Further details include a feather, tapered tip and strong black color. Another one of Chuter’s must-have products is Mented’s Gloss. The gloss is available in seven various shades and adds the perfect amount. ofcolor. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.