The Super Bowl is over, so now it’s time to recover like an athlete. Therabody wants everyone to enjoy the benefits of pneumatic compression, not just pro athletes with high-tech equipment and physical therapists. That’s why today, they are expanding their RecoveryAir line to include three more products you need in your life. On Feb. 16, the company responsible for the bestselling Theragun massage devices added three new models of compression air boots, or JetBoots, to the site. They include the portable and wireless RecoveryAir JetBoots ($899), the more affordable RecoveryAir Prime ($699) and the customizable RecoveryAir PRO ($1,299) model. Each have their own unique features, outlined below, making for the best and most tailored compression technology for you to choose from depending on your needs. “The new generation of RecoveryAir includes three models: Prime, JetBoots, and PRO,” explained Dr. Jason Wersland, Founder and Chief Wellness Officer of Therabody in an interview with The Post. “The Prime is our baseline model, which is most accessible from a price point perspective, and has all the basic features anyone would need to get the maximum benefits of pneumatic compression.” “JetBoots, which I couldn’t be more excited about, are truly innovative. They are completely cordless making them the most portable and hassle free of our range,” Wersland continued. “The PRO model is the most advanced of our line and made for professionals — for example, athletes and trainers — who are seeking a very customizable routine.” For those that are unfamiliar with compression technology, the boots basically constrict and then release (similar to a blood pressure cuff at the doctor’s office) to help circulate blood through the body even when you are in a resting state. The full cycle of inflating and deflating lasts just 60 seconds and can be repeated for as long as you’d like your treatment to last. For a deeper look into these futuristic-looking boots, read on for an in-depth look at all three models, and then head to the RecoveryAir page to be the first to get in on their newest way to decompress while, well, compressing. Starting off strong, these boots are the ones to buy for anyone who wants some relief —be it after the gym or even a day at work on the couch or on your feet. The RecoveryAir Prime model has two customizable programs to choose from and comes in three sizes based on height, to ensure you are getting the most out of your compression session. “Prime would be perfect for someone with a job that requires them to be on their feet all day. After a busy day at work, they’re exhausted and don’t want to foam roll or even use their Theragun,” said Wersland. “They can throw on their RecoveryAir on the couch and help flush out the metabolic waste that’s been building up throughout the day and decrease any stiffness or swelling they are experiencing.” These boots weren’t made for walking, but for relaxing and recovering instead. The JetBoots are fully wireless and have the controls and the compression pack built right into the boot. Choose from two different programs of treatment, set the duration and the pressure and then sit back and relax. “JetBoots are great for someone who travels or is on the go a lot because they are so easy to pack and travel with, without the hassle of cords,” said Wersland. “There is a high-tech element because of the sleek design, but still perfect for the everyday user who is making fitness a priority but isn’t overly competitive about it.” “PRO is the choice for competitive athletes and professionals — PTs, trainers — working with people’s bodies. It is the most advanced and customizable of our RecoveryAir systems,” explained Wersland. These boots are the best for those that want to really customize their experience, with four different preset modes and four different inflation cycles. Alter your treatment in PRO mode for pressure hold time and release time variation and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.