A Michigan mama has gone viral on TikTok after claiming she gave birth to a baby boy while she was on a toilet — less than a week after learning she was pregnant. Teagan Brill, 21, a senior at Hope College, took a pregnancy test in February 2021 after feeling she had put on some unexpected weight. When the test returned positive, Brill figured she was either one or three months along, as her long-distance boyfriend, Mitchell, resided in Colorado and the pair were only able to see each other sporadically. The college student had no idea that she was actually nine months pregnant and that she would be ready to give birth in a matter of days. The young mom recalled the shocking moment in a TikTok video that has been viewed more than 800,000 times. “I woke up Tuesday morning not feeling good,” Brill explained in her clip. “I was gonna go poop, and I looked down and my hole was huge … I literally felt it and it was like rock hard, and I was like, ‘This is a child.'” Brill quickly tried to call her roommates, but she said none of them answered their cellphones. She subsequently dialed 911 and gave birth to her son — Owen — while on the phone with a medic. “I pulled [my baby] out,” Brill shockingly stated. “The entire time I was on the phone to the EMT. I couldn’t stand up … They arrived about five minutes after I had my child in the toilet. I looked down, saw him coming out, pulled him, wrapped him in a towel and then the ambulance came.” Viewers were floored by Brill’s graphic story, with one taking to the comments section to declare: “This is my biggest fear.” Others wondered how the college student was able to “pull her baby out,” before a fan theorized that she must have been running on adrenalin. Brill said there was no indication that she was pregnant aside from some unexpected weight gain. She had what she thought was her period for the entire nine months. She also revealed that she turned 21 when she was 6 ½ months along and was drinking throughout much of her pregnancy, living life as a “normal college student.” However, the mom clarified that Owen was examined by the hospital and showed no indication of fetal alcohol syndrome, and is “thankfully okay and the cutest baby ever.” Meanwhile, Brill’s baby-daddy, Mitchell, was left similarly stunned when he learned he had suddenly become a father. After the birth, he immediately relocated from Colorado to Michigan, and he and Brill tied the knot last summer. “We are together,” Brill told her TikTok followers. “Now we live happily with Owen.” Many viewers were left warmed by the happy ending, and some even found the funny side of the mama’s surprise pregnancy. One quipped: “Did you name him Owen because when you found out you were pregnant you were like, ‘Oh? When?’”