Comedian Louis C.K. was scheduled to perform at the National Palace of Arts in Kyiv, Ukraine, this weekend amid Russia’s invasion and war with that country. However, in an email sent to all people who subscribe to his website’s mailing list, the 54-year-old comic announced that he is not coming to Ukraine after all. “My flight was canceled because no one can fly there now,” the funnyman wrote after noting that he was “not in Ukraine.” On Tuesday, a Twitter user shared the news — and subsequently went viral — that the controversial stand-up star’s Kyiv shows apparently had not been canceled yet. “The Louis CK Show in Kyiv has not been cancelled,” they wrote. The post was accompanied by a graphic — reportedly originally shared and subsequently deleted on the comedian’s Twitter feed — reading: “Dear attendees, Louis C.K. performance will take place, as planned, on February 25 and 26, 2022. Tickets for Louis C.K. show purchased earlier remain valid for new dates and do not require an exchange.” Tickethunt.com reportedly was selling passes to the show at a 30% discount with attendees able to buy balcony seats for about $11.70. However, audience members would have had to leave their phones at home. Gawker reported Thursday that the venue’s security team would force concertgoers to “put their phones in lockboxes so as to not leak any sensitive material” to the media. A source told Yahoo! on Friday that C.K. is now in Amsterdam after finishing up shows in Tel Aviv, Israel. His official website lists his next performances — some “sold out” — scheduled for Barcelona, Spain, on March 1 and 2, and then he will travel to cities including Lisbon and Porto in Portugal; Madrid, Spain; Antwerp, Belgium; Oslo, Norway; and more soon after. Get the latest updates in the Russia-Ukraine conflict with the Post’s live coverage. The comedian’s email also added that he created an infomercial that is “really f – – king stupid and silly but I think it’s fun to watch and I believe it will make [fans] laugh.” The infomercial is set to air in Los Angeles on Saturday at 12:30 a.m. on KDOC.tv, an independent station. C.K. has come under metaphorical fire in the past, as he faced several allegations of sexual misconduct in 2017.