The Turpin siblings, who made headlines in 2018 when they were rescued from their parents’ “house of horrors” in California, were allegedly abused by their foster family — who forced them to eat their own vomit and told them to commit suicide, according to two new lawsuits. Six of the youngest 13 Turpin children filed the lawsuits Tuesday against Riverside County and a private foster care agency, ChildNet Youth and Family Services. The children claim they were physically, sexually and emotionally abused under the care of their foster parents, Marcelino and Rosa Olguin — and the agencies tasked with protecting them knew and failed to step in. Marcelino and Rosa Olguin have not been named in the civil suit but Riverside County prosecutors charged the couple earlier this year on multiple accounts of abuse and neglect. They have pleaded not guilty. “It was just trauma, inflicted upon trauma, which really made it so much worse because just when they thought maybe their lives were going to get a lot better, it really didn’t,” Roger Booth, an attorney representing four of the siblings, told The Post Wednesday. “It’s going to take some time for them to recover and learn to trust people because at this point, there’s been very few adults that they’ve been able to trust.” According to the complaint obtained by The Post, Marcelino Olguin sexually abused the children by “grabbing and fondling their buttocks, legs and breasts, kissing them on the mouth and making sexually suggestive comments.” The siblings also allege the Olguins forced them to eat “excessive” amounts of food — and then made them eat their own vomit if they threw their meals up. The abuse allegedly caused some of the children to develop eating disorders. The family also berated the traumatized kids, telling them they were “worthless, would never be loved and should commit suicide,” the lawsuit claims. “Defendants owed a duty of care to plaintiffs to protect them from abuse and neglect. This duty arose from defendants’ role as the foster family agency that certified Mr. and Ms. O. as foster parents, placed plaintiffs in the home and oversaw plaintiffs while they lived in the home, including visiting them on a weekly basis,” according to the complaint. “Defendants breached this duty of care by, among other things, failing to report the abuse and neglect by the foster parents to child protective services or law enforcement, actively withholding this information from the authorities, placing plaintiffs in the home and allowing plaintiffs to remain in the home for three years despite being aware of the ongoing abuse and neglect detailed above.” The lawsuit also alleges the Olguins and their daughter, Lennys, struck them with belts, pulled their hair and made them recount the sickening abuse they suffered at the hands of their parents, David and Louise Turpin. Elan Zekster, an attorney representing the two older Turpin siblings who filed a separate, similar lawsuit, said Wednesday that the continued abuse they suffered “should make everyone angry.” “These children who were chained to their beds for a great majority of their life finally are free, and then the county places them with ChildNet and puts them in another position where they are further abused,” Zekster told ABC’s “Good Morning America” Wednesday. Officials with the Riverside County Department of Public Social Services told The Post that they cannot comment on details of the lawsuit or cases involving minors because of confidentiality laws. “We deeply care about the safety and wellbeing of every single child under our care,” the statement said. “Our hearts go out to the Turpin siblings. Any instance when a child is harmed is heartbreaking. We continue to evaluate our practices with a critical eye and are committed to understanding and addressing the root cause. This includes expanding the availability of quality and safe placements for all children in foster care.” Brett Lewis, a spokesman for ChildNet Youth and Family Services, said the company stands by its record of serving foster youth. “At this time, our organization is not at liberty to disclose facts or discuss the allegations made in the complaint,” Lewis said. “We look forward to providing the facts at the appropriate time in court. Our agency has been serving California’s most vulnerable, traumatized youth for over 50 years. We have a strong track record of providing excellent care and continue to demonstrate our commitment to these children.” Marcelino Olguin, 63, has been charged with three counts of committing a lewd act on a child under 14 years old, four counts of committing a lewd act on a child 14 to 15 years old when the defendant is 10 or more years older than the victim, one count of inflicting injury on a child, three counts of willful child cruelty and two counts of false imprisonment, according to Riverside County court records. His wife, 58-year-old Rosa Olguin, faces four counts of willful child cruelty, two counts of false imprisonment, two counts of dissuading a witness, and one count each of inflicting injury on a child and grand theft over $950, according to court records. Lennys Olguin, their 37-year old daughter, was charged with four counts of willful child cruelty, two counts of false imprisonment, and one count each of inflicting injury on a child and dissuading a witness. The Olguins, who are out on bail, have a court appearance for a felony settlement conference on August 11. The 13 Turpin children suffered years of torture and neglect when they were imprisoned by their parents in their Perris, Calif. home. The children— who ranged in age from 2 to 29 at the time, were discovered in 2018 after one of the children snuck out of the “house of horrors” and called the police. Louise and David Turpin were sentenced to life in prison in 2019 and the minor children were placed in the custody of Riverside County’s Public Guardian and Department of Public Social Services.