Far-left Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-Minn.) was met by a chorus of boos and calls to “get the f–k out” when she appeared onstage at a music festival in Minneapolis over the weekend. Video from Saturday night’s event featuring Somali singer Suldaan Seeraar showed Omar, the first Somali-American elected to Congress, walk on to the stage with her husband Tim Mynett. The crowd at the Target Center promptly unleashed a torrent of boos that lasted for more than a minute. Others in the mostly Somali audience shouted “Get out” and some yelled “Get the f–k out of here.” Omar, a member of the progressive “Squad” that includes Bronx and Queens Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, tried to calm the unruly gathering. “OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, we don’t have all night,” Omar said as she made a “tamp it down” gesture with her hands, the video shows. Video on Omar’s Twitter account shows her taking the stage, but the clip is cut off 14 seconds in, when the booing begins. It’s unclear what sparked the outburst against Omar, but the Republican challenging the two-term incumbent suggested her comments on LGBTQ issues and opposition to the Supreme Court’s recent decision to overturn Roe v. Wade played a role. ”Ilhan Omar’s BOOOD by nearly 10K SOMALIS at a sold out, highly anticipated Somali music concert at Target Center in Minneapolis!,” Shukri Abdirahman posted on Twitter, linking to the video. “This’s what she gets for trading her Godly, Conservative values for the sinful LGBTQIA’s & the promiscuous abortionists.” The jeers may also have been a response to comments Omar made during a town hall event last week — during which she said she experienced more violence in her adopted home state than in a Kenyan refugee camp. “For four years [in the camp] I did not witness that kind of violence … My first year in Minnesota I both saw a person shot at Peavey Park, dead on the floor, three weeks after my father and I arrived in Minneapolis,” the congresswoman said June 30. “Six months later I watched the Minneapolis police put 38 bullets into the body of a mentally disabled Somali immigrant who didn’t speak English. “So [for] six years I had the privilege of not seeing any violence until I moved to Minnesota.” Omar, who also has a history of anti-Semitic comments, is heavily favored to win a third term representing her district, which covers all of the city of Minneapolis.