LOS ANGELES — Returning to the ballpark he grew up going to, Giancarlo Stanton made himself right at home by nearly sending a ball to the neighborhood from which he hails. The Yankees slugger clobbered a 457-foot moonshot for a two-run home run that helped the American League knock off the National League 3-2 on Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium. Stanton’s blast, which tied the game at two in the fourth inning, earned him the All-Star Game MVP, making him only the third Yankee to win the award (joining Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera). “Just having my pops here [was special],” said Stanton, who grew up in nearby Tujunga. “He took me to games here when I was growing up to watch players like everyone that was playing out there today.” Byron Buxton followed Stanton with a home run of his own, the back-to-back shots giving the AL the lead and sending them to their ninth straight win in the Midsummer Classic. Stanton’s long ball landed in the same left-field seats he used to sit in as a kid with his dad, trying to get left fielders to throw him a ball. He came to see Dodgers like Raul Mondesi, Mike Piazza and Hideo Nomo, but also bought tickets off the street to see visiting “big boppers” like Mark McGwire, Sammy Sosa and Barry Bonds. “I can’t really explain how special this is,” said Stanton, who had about 50 family and friends in attendance. “It’s hard to put into words that this is reality right now. It’s really cool and I’m soaking it all in.” Yankees lefty Nestor Cortes entered for the sixth inning to protect the 3-2 lead, pitching to teammate Jose Trevino, and tossed a scoreless frame. The former 36th-round pick had some fun playing with his delivery and changing his arm slots, but worked around a walk and hit batter while striking out a pair. It was part of six straight no-hit innings by the American League pitching staff. Starting in the second inning, the baton went from Blue Jays righty Alek Manoah to Astros lefty Framber Valdez to Athletics righty Paul Blackburn to Rangers lefty Martin Perez to Cortes to Orioles righty Jorge Lopez to Tigers lefty Gregory Soto. Yankees closer Clay Holmes then came on for the eighth and gave up a leadoff single to Braves third baseman Austin Riley, but retired the next two batters before Liam Hendriks finished off the inning. Guardians fireballer Emmanuel Clase then closed out the win for AL manager Dusty Baker. Dodgers lefty Clayton Kershaw threw a scoreless top of the first — picking off Shohei Ohtani at first base to erase a leadoff single — before the National League jumped on top in the bottom of the inning with some more help from the hometown team. Ronald Acuña Jr. led off with a double down the third-base line before Dodgers outfielder Mookie Betts drove him in with a single off Rays lefty Shane McClanahan for the 1-0 lead. A slick behind-the-back flip from former Mets second baseman and now Guardians All-Star Andres Gimenez then started a flashy double play to help out McClanahan. But Cardinals slugger Paul Goldschmidt came up next and crushed a home run to left-center field to make it 2-0. But the most memorable home run of the night came from Stanton. On the flight from The Bronx to Los Angeles, he told teammate Aaron Judge he was going to hit one out in the game. Stanton struck out in his first at-bat against Marlins ace Sandy Alcantara before obliterating a splitter from Dodgers righty Tony Gonsolin. “He’s built for New York,” Judge said. Of course, Stanton would like a return trip to Los Angeles this October. A potential matchup between the Yankees and Dodgers awaits, perhaps with some more damage to be done by the hometown kid. “Do I ever think about it? Absolutely,” Stanton said. “On paper, it’s lined up that way for a few years. Now both sides need to take care of business and get it done.”