Fourteen games fill out today’s Major League Baseball slate, but expert bettors focus on three particular contests. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report sees one side and two totals trigger at least three of the above recommendations. With that in mind, let’s dive into the recommendations. Yesterday’s matchup saw an explosive, 13-run affair between these sides. Today, expert bettors are expecting a more defensive showcase. We’ve tracked sharp action hitting the under, which opened at eight runs and has held steady at most books. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the under as well — as of this writing, that market has seen 24 percent of all bets against 83 percent of the total handle. Lastly, this market satisfies one Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Unders for Winning Teams. That system, which looks for unders receiving less than 35 percent of all bets in games featuring two winning teams, has a 55 percent winning percentage and seven percent return on investment. Total Under 8 Runs (-105) — Caesars Sportsbook These teams split the first two games of their three-game series. For the closer, experts prefer the visiting Guardians. Sharp action has come in on the Guardians moneyline, which opened at +110 and now sits between +108 and +116 at various New York shops. Further, big money has supported the Guardians in spades — as of this writing, 57 percent of all bets against 73 percent of the total handle has hit the Guardians moneyline. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Guardians to round out the three signals going in their direction. Cleveland Guardians Moneyline (+110) — BetMGM  Nine runs crossed home plate in yesterday’s series opener, but experts are expecting fewer today. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which opened at eight runs and has moved down to either 7.5 or seven at various books. Additionally, big money bettors are supporting the under in the second of a two-game set. As of this writing, that market has seen only 23 percent of all bets against 74 percent of the total handle. Finally, this game also satisfies the same Action Network PRO system as Cardinals-Blue Jays — Contrarian Unders for Winning Teams. As a reminder, that system looks for under percentages below 35 percent and has a historical win rate of 55 percent. That comes against a seven percent return on investment. Total Under 7.5 Runs (-122) — Fanduel Sportsbook OR Total Under 7 Runs (+105) — BetMGM