Ever struggle to fit your clothes, shoes and toiletries into your carry-on luggage before your flight? With summer travel now reaching its peak, many people are bringing carry-on luggage this vacation to skip the checked bag line and save time (and to avoid any lost luggage woes). But how will everything fit into one bag for your two-week getaway? Here are some of the best tips for packing only a carry-on this summer as you get away. Packing cubes can be a great hack to make the most of your space in a carry-on. Amy Chan, a former luxury hotel reviewer who is based in Vancouver, Canada, traveled with only a small suitcase, sometimes for weeks on end. She suggested using packing cubes for specific day or night outfits. This helps save space and helps with organization. She also suggested rolling your clothes, rather than laying them flat. “This allows for much tighter packing, so you can fit more and also minimize creasing,” she told Fox News Digital. Accustomed to bringing every hair tool you own with you on vacation? Leave the hair tools at home. Blow-dryers, flat irons, curling irons and more all take up space in a bag. Consider leaving one or more of these at home. Most hotels provide blow-dryers for guests — and chances are you can survive the trip without every tool at your disposal. Give your hair a much-needed heat break! Thinking about bringing your highest heels or chunkiest boots? Choose the flattest shoes you own to take on your trip. This will not only save space in your carry-on, it will also lessen the weight of your bag. Think about it: No one wants to lift a heavy carry-on into the overhead bin anyway! When traveling, nothing says comfort like a big jacket and chunky sneakers. Wear your bulkiest clothing on the plane to avoid taking up space in your carry-on bag. Elainnie Singleterry, a D.C.-based flight attendant, has been gathering tips and tricks for carry-on travel for years now. She told Fox News Digital, “When choosing outfits, plan ahead. Wearing your most bulky shoes on the airplane helps make more room in your carry-on.” Plus, you’ll be much more comfortable on that eight-hour flight. Wondering where all of your socks will go? Pack the holes and extra space in your carry-on with other items. “Pack socks, and even underwear, inside your tennis shoes to use otherwise wasted space,” Singleterry said. Plugging holes this way will help maximize space within your luggage and ensure you’re making the most of your packing. Think you need 10 outfits for a two-day trip? Think again. Fight the urge to overpack a carry-on. Prioritize your pieces and make sure you aren’t packing more than you will wear. Amy Chan said this is key to efficiently packing. “You need less than you think,” she said. Chan also suggested doing laundry on the road if necessary.