He defied all expectations. A UK man relayed the incredible tale of how he was able to “wiggle” his toes despite being told he’d be paralyzed for life. A clip detailing his miraculous milestone currently boasts 3.2 million views on TikTok. “At first I was amazed because the doctor told me the likelihood of me being able to move anything was very slim,” Josh Gurvitz, 26, told NeedToKnow.online of his amazing saga, which began after the Bushey, Hertfordshire, England, man’s spinal cord was injured in a car crash in 2016. “I was in the front passenger seat and we had a car accident,” recounted Gurvitz, who now uses a wheelchair to get around. “It was in the early hours of the morning and I was asleep so I don’t remember much from it.” When the poor fellow was brought to the hospital, doctors informed him that’d never be able to walk or move his lower body again — a diagnosis he begrudgingly accepted. Then, four months later, the unthinkable happened: Gurvitz discovered that he could move his toes. In the resulting clip, posted for his nearly 300,000 TikTok followers, Gurvitz can be seen sitting in his wheelchair shrugging as he accepts that he’ll “never be able to move any lower body parts on my own again,” per the clip. The frame then cuts to him incredibly moving the tootsies on his right foot. “It was only a tiny wiggle at first but it gave me a feeling of hope that things can improve,” said the grateful young man. “The toe wiggling is a good sign because it means the nerves going down from my head to my toes are still there and that can progress to other movements hopefully.” Needless to say, TikTok viewers were awestruck by his progress. “Woah! That’s huge,” exclaimed one impressed commenter, while another marveled, “The human body is fascinating, the things it can do out of nowhere.” “Sometimes the nervous system manages to heal itself,” postulated one armchair physician. “Medicine doesn’t fully understand it.” Despite making a major stride, Gurvitz claims that “nothing has really changed since I’ve been able to wiggle my toes. I’m just trying to stay active to keep things moving in the hope I will regain more movement.” He ultimately hopes that sharing his story on TikTok will help convince others that anything is possible. “Just because we are paralyzed doesn’t mean our lives are over,” declared Gurvitz. “We can still do everything we want if we set our minds to it.” “It’s not always easy but try to keep a positive attitude,” he added. In a similar miraculous recovery story in March, a Welsh toddler who was feared to never walk again after a horrifying car accident took her first steps, which were captured in a heartwarming recovery video.