New York City’s homeless shelters are being overrun with asylum-seeking migrants as the nation’s immigration crisis continues to worsen — with nearly 3,000 arriving in recent weeks, Mayor Eric Adams warned Tuesday. Adams called on President Biden to send “additional federal resources immediately” so the city can handle the overflow. “If we do not get these urgently needed resources, we may struggle to provide the proper level of support our clients deserve, while also facing challenges as we serve both a rapidly growing shelter population and new clients who are seeking asylum,” Adams said in a prepared statement. Adams said the added migrant burden included families “arriving on buses sent by the Texas and Arizona governments” but in other cases, he said, “it appears that individuals are being sent by the federal government.” At the Bellevue men’s shelter in Manhattan, residents said they’ve seen scores of Hispanic migrants arrive at the facility since last month. One man put the total at around 200, saying, “The shelter was offering them s–t like hygiene products.” “They’ve been coming through like crazy,” he said “At lunchtime, some would pull up. At dinner time, you see six or seven come in together. A bus takes them back and forth to somewhere else.” Another resident said, “They come every day since I’ve been here.” “I said, ‘Where you coming from, amigo?’ They say Venezuela,” he said. “They really don’t speak English that much.” Jeffrey Harris, 56, said he shared a room with three migrants, adding, “I can’t understand them. It’s just ‘How you doing?’ That’s it.” “If we can’t take care of the homeless here, how can we take immigrants?” he fumed. “They get all the resources in the world, but the ones who are here and homeless seem like they are forgotten about.” A resident who gave his name as Dereick P. and said he was a 70-year-old Vietnam War veteran, called the situation “a sad state of affairs.” “I slept in jungles. I’ve slept in foxholes. But I won’t sleep on the streets in the United States of America,” he said. “You gotta take care of the home first. This is our home first. I feel for the migrants but you gotta take care of the home first.” Adams became the second big-city mayor in recent days to fault the federal government for the influx of migrants into local homeless shelters. On Sunday, Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser called the problem “a very significant issue.” “We have for sure called on the federal government to work across state lines to prevent people from really being tricked into getting on buses,” she told CBS’ “Face the Nation.” “We think they’re largely asylum seekers who are going to final destinations that are not Washington, DC.” Bowser said she’d “worked with the White House” to provide funding “to a local organization that is providing services to folks.” “But I fear that they’re being tricked into nationwide bus trips when their final destinations are places all over the United States of America,” she added. In April, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott announced that the Lone Star State would be putting migrants on buses to the nation’s capital “where the Biden administration will be able to more immediately address the needs of the people that they are allowing to come across our border.” Last month, the Washington Examiner reported that Texas had sent 65 busloads of migrants to Washington, with Arizona sending another 14. More than 2,500 migrants were transported, according to the report. “We need some of those states that have been giving people one-way tickets — we need them to understand that this must be a partnership in this country to deal with those who are coming here seeking refuge, asylum,” Adams said during a Monday news conference at City Hall.” New York is going to do its share but we have an overburdened shelter system now. When pressed for details on the migrants’ arrival in the Big Apple, Adams said, “We need to investigate how they’re given the one-way tickets.” “We’re not sure,” he said. “This just got on our radar when we started seeing a high number show up.” An Abbott spokesperson denied that Texas was sending migrants to New York City but said the total number sent to Washington now exceeded 5,100. “If these Democrat mayors are now that concerned about having migrants in their cities, they should call on President Biden to do his job and secure the border, instead of attacking Texas with baseless political accusations,” spokesperson Renae Eze said. “Our border communities are being overrun and overwhelmed as President Biden’s open border policies encourage record-high illegal crossings and deadly drugs like fentanyl to flood into our state, and Texas is utilizing every strategy to help our local partners.” Eze added: “Every American community is a border community until President Biden secures our southern border.” On Twitter, Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey said, “Mayor Adams needs to get his facts straight and pay closer attention to what’s really occurring because our nation’s security depends on it.” “The State of Arizona is providing voluntary transportation for asylum seekers only to Washington, D.C., not NY,” he wrote. “The President’s policies have placed overwhelming burdens on Arizona communities. It’s convenient that these liberal mayors are finally speaking up on this humanitarian crisis once it affects their communities, even though our program does not charter to New York City.” Republican gubernatorial candidate and outgoing US Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-Long Island), said, “I’ve long warned that the Biden Administration’s catch and release policies were going to result in a disastrous burden upon our localities. “This isn’t some great mystery as to why this is happening,” Zeldin said in a prepared statement. “The Biden Administration incentivizes and rewards illegal entry into the United States. In his statement, Adams said the Department of Homeless Services needed both “financial and technical” assistance to deal with the more than 2,800 migrants who’ve flooded into homeless shelters. Adams said the Department of Homeless Services needed both “financial and technical” assistance to deal with the more than 2,800 migrants who’ve flooded into homeless shelters. “In New York City, we are responsible for the provision of services and infrastructure for newly arrived asylum seekers and currently residing populations alike,” he said. Adams said he’s “been in discussions with our federal partners on this matter and look forward to a quick resolution.” During an afternoon briefing, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said that “we have been in touch with” both Adams’ and Bowser’s offices “and we’re going to continue to look into their requests.”“I don’t have further than that to share,” she said.In reference to the actions of Abbott and Ducey, Jean-Pierre also said that “we believe it’s shameful that some governors are using migrants as a political tool — as a political play — when we should be making sure that we’re doing everything we can to help, to help folks who are coming into this process in a legal way.” Since Oct. 1, US Customs and Border Protection has stopped more than 1.7 million migrants along the border with Mexico, according to official figures released last week. The staggering number is the highest recorded during any fiscal year since 1960 — even though there are still three months to go before the start of fiscal 2023. Nationwide, the CBP has encountered more than 2 million migrants since Oct. 1. Last month, fewer than half of the migrants stopped by the CPB — 92,274 — were subjected to the Title 42 order imposed by former President Donald Trump, which allowed some migrants to be immediately expelled from the US due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The number of unaccompanied children stopped at the border also rose by 4% to 15,271, with an average of 752 being in CBP custody each day. Additional reporting by Zach Williams and MaryAnn Martinez in Texas