An Oregon father of two was gunned down in a suspected road-rage incident last week after he accidentally splashed windshield wiper fluid on a passing BMW, according to his partner. Dennis Anderson, 45, and Brandy Goldsbury, 46, were traveling from the beach in Lincoln City on the Oregon coast back to their home in Tigard around 8:30 p.m. July 13 when they spotted a black BMW 3 Series trying to pass them, according to reporting in The Oregonian. Goldsbury told the paper that her partner sprayed wiper fluid on the windshield of their car, and that some of the liquid may have landed on the BMW. “I was just like, ‘Ignore him, he’s just having a bad day,'” she recalled telling Anderson of the other motorist. The BMW sped away, but a few miles later, at a rest area near Otis, Goldsbury said, she and her partner spotted the same car parked on the side of the road. Anderson drove by the BMW, which then started following him, according to Goldsbury, driving close to the rear of their car as if trying to hit it. “And then it would go into oncoming traffic and kind of swerve towards us, like trying to push us to the side of the forest,” she recalled. After several apparent attempts to drive Anderson off the road, Goldsbury said, she told him to pull over and call 911 for help, which he did as he got out of the vehicle. That is when, Goldsbury said, the driver of the BMW stopped parallel to them and opened fire on their car. “The last thing that [Anderson] said was, ‘Oh my God, they shot me,'” Goldsbury said. Goldsbury unbuckled her seatbelt and got out of the car to get help. “By the time I got to him, blood was coming out of his mouth,” she said of her mortally wounded partner. She said a good Samaritan who stopped to help did CPR on Anderson and didn’t stop until paramedics arrived. Despite all the life-saving efforts, Anderson was pronounced dead at the scene. By then, the driver of the BMW had fled. The Oregon State Police, which is investigating the fatal shooting, said the suspected gunman is a short man in his early 20s with a medium build and dark hair. As of early Thursday, no arrests have been made. Anderson is survived by his partner, his two teenage daughters and an adult stepson. Goldsbury met Anderson online while he lived in Massachusetts. The couple operated a soap company together, and the man also worked part-time as a pizza deliveryman to support his family after quitting a pharmacy job to spend more time with his kids. “A kind and funny man who wanted nothing more than to make others laugh,” reads the description of a GoFundMe campaign that was launched on behalf of Goldsbury and her children. “Brandy describes him as a ‘goofball,’ a committed and dedicated father who loved his children above all else.”