Get ready to Lollapa-lose it over this stellar music line-up. Chicago’s very own Lollapalooza Festival is set to kickstart on Thursday through Sunday, and the grand list of performers is definitely something to scream about. With some of the biggest names in music taking to the many stages in Grant Park, Ill., there’s something for everyone to break out their best dance moves. Thursday’s line-up sets the tone for a music-filled few days, with none other than rapper Lil Baby and iconic heavy metal band Metallica headlining on Day 1. Also joining Thursday’s star-studded line-up is electronic music king Zhu, known for his mega hits such as “Cold Blooded,” “Faded” and “Working For It.” Tove Lo and Jazmine Sullivan are also set to take to the main stage Thursday. And if you thought Thursday’s line-up is hard to top, Day 2 might have you second-guessing. Music fans will be able to rock out to Machine Gun Kelly’s pumped-up tracks on the main stage, as he and singer Dua Lipa are Friday’s headliners on their respective stages. Other acts include rockers Royal Blood, and rapper Don Toliver who will take to the main stage ahead of MGK. R&B songstress Tinashe will be vibing out with the crowd during her hour-long set. “Heat Waves” hitmakers Glass Animals will also be performing, taking to the stage just before “New Rules” singer Dua Lipa. Starting the weekend off strong on Saturday is a host of musical acts that need no introduction. With the one and only J. Cole headlining, fans are going to get their rap fix as the “No Role Modelz” hitmaker is guaranteed to belt out some of his classics. Rapper Big Sean is also set to take to the stage for an hour-long set just before J. Cole caps off the night. Over on another stage, singer Willow — daughter of Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith — will be rocking out during her 45-minute set. The “Transparent Soul” and “Meet Me At Our Spot” hitmaker is sure to set the mood right with her catchy tunes. Kygo will be closing out the night on another stage during his hour-and-a-half-long DJ set. Rappers YG and Lil Durk will also be performing at separate times. The final day of the iconic festival is set to see none other than Green Day capping off the weekend. The “Wake Me Up When September Ends” hitmakers are set to take to the stage right after Italian band Måneskin, who found global stardom after winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 2021. “Boom Clap” singer Charli XCX is set to perform before The Kid LAROI, known for his hits “Stay” and “Not Sober,” takes to the stage. Also performing is Dominic Fike. Despite being initially known for his successful music career, the “3 Nights” hitmaker propelled to global fame after landing the role of Elliot in season two of “Euphoria.” An estimated 385,000 festivalgoers attended Lollapalooza last year, according to officials. The festival will be available for streaming exclusively through Hulu.