Mac Jones is taking the next step with his off-the-field regimen, which means spending the offseason improving his diet. “I think it’s important to assess everything and that was one of the things I wanted to improve,” Jones told NBC Sports Boston. “I made significant strides in that area, fixing my body and feeling comfortable and feeling healthier and better. But at the end of the day, you’re still a human and you want to eat what you want to eat, but you have to be disciplined as best you can.” Jones, who goes into his second season attempting to build on a year in which he threw for 3,801 yards and 22 touchdowns with the Patriots, was sponsoring a flavor of ice cream when he spoke to a reporter, so he’s still cheating on the diet from time to time. But of course, we can’t all be Tom Brady. “It all goes back into just trying to be a better player and person,” Jones said. “That was my goal this offseason. I feel better, I feel confident and that’s what’s important. I’m just gonna try and go in there and do my thing and lead everybody and help us come together as a unit. “That’s kind of what it’s all about, and the offseason’s a great time to sit back and relax a little bit but also try and make strides in where you want to make strides, so I feel like I’ve done that.” Jones also said that he spent part of his offseason throwing to teammates DeVante Parker and Kendrick Bourne in an attempt to build chemistry ahead of training camp, which opens on July 27 for New England. “I think it’s important to be with your teammates and build that relationship and build the camaraderie for your team,” Jones said. “We have a great group of guys. They’re all good dudes and we’re just excited to get back to work. We’ve put in a lot of work and now it’s time to go, so we’re really excited for the season. “… Every year is a new year. This year’s different. It’s my second year. It’s a lot of other guys’ second years and some guys have been in the league for five-plus years. So everyone’s in a different boat, but we’re all working toward the same goal. Just being great teammates for each other and then going out and putting the product on the field.”