This sounds cheesy. Velveeta Cheese released a new martini inspired by their famous yellow dairy bricks — and it’s called the “Veltini.” The drink contains cheese-infused vodka, as well as Velveeta-stuffed olives and large Velveeta shells. And as if that wasn’t enough, the glass also contains a rim dripping with saucy cheese. But fans won’t be able to get the drink in stores. The processed cheese product brand has joined forces with BLT Restaurant Group and only a few locations of the steakhouse chain will offer the cocktail for $15 during a “golden hour” from 5 to 8 p.m. The drink also won’t be around forever, as it will be on the menu for a limited time only and while supplies last. BLT restaurant locations that are offering the beverage include New York, Washington, DC, and Charlotte, North Carolina. For customers who can’t make the trip to these cities, food online marketplace Goldbelly is providing meal kits for the Velveeta martini. The $50 box comes complete with a recipe card, Velveeta merch, two martini glasses, a gold cocktail shaker, an olive jar, a carton of Velveeta jumbo shells and cheese, and their cheese sauce to infuse the vodka. The Twittersphere seemed evidently horrified by the alcoholic drink and were torn over whether to try it or not. “Straight to jail. They said they are more than happy to send [me] samples… do I dare?” WCNC anchor Meilin Tompkins asked Twitter. Another person disapprovingly added: “There are abominations in this world that should just not exist and a f–king Velveeta martini is top of the list.” “A mac & cheese martini that screams ‘I give up — but make it classy,'” a user quipped. “The only way this could be MORE f–ked up is if it were also radioactive,” someone wrote. Scott Cronin, senior vice president at BLT Restaurant Group, described the new menu item as a “delicious, over-the-top cocktail” in a statement. “We worked closely with the brand to make this vision a reality, balancing the flavors of a typical martini with the nostalgic cheesy flavor we all know and love from Velveeta,” he said.