In what already has been a hectic NBA offseason, with teams handing out hundreds of millions of dollars to star players, Zion Williamson wants to prove he’s worth the huge deal the Pelicans gave him. The New Orleans Pelicans and Williamson signed a five-year rookie max deal worth up to $231 million on Wednesday. Whether it was planned or not, the date, July 6, had significance. Not only was it Williamson’s 22nd birthday, but last July 6 was when he learned he had broken his right foot, which cost him all of the 2021-22 season. A year removed from the devastating injury, Williamson and the Pelicans made the deal official at a New Orleans YMCA, during the summer camp he runs. Williamson’s parents, Lee and Sharonda Anderson, and his little brother, Noah, stood next to him as he signed the paperwork in front of around 80 camp attendees. After he signed the deal, Williamson said, “I’m locked in baby,” per reports. He also expressed his gratitude toward the Pelicans for continuing to believe in him despite the rough start to his early career. “Thank y’all for really sticking with me the past year,” Williamson said to team executives. “It was a tough year, and then for the Pelicans to come give this birthday gift, I’m not going to let them down. I’m not going to let the city down, I’m not going to let my family down, and most of all, I’m not going to let myself down.” Williamson said this past year was hard not only on him, but also on his family. When rumors of Williamson wanting to leave New Orleans started swirling, he said his family started to feel the burden of it. “So when my family was going out in public on why we don’t like New Orleans, why we don’t want to be here when that’s not the case at all,” Williamson said. “I wasn’t able to play because my foot was broke. So that sucked. Every time I checked my phone, it was always negative. Even when you’re trying to make a positive of the situation, it was very tough.” The deal is monumental for both sides. The Pelicans have made a hefty investment for Williamson to be their franchise player and he will face pressure to prove the skeptics wrong and to become the superstar he was slated to be when he left Duke. “I want to prove that I’m a winner,” said Williamson, who was cleared for basketball activity on May 26. “It’s as simple as that. I want to win with coach [Willie Green]. As well as with my teammates. The ultimate goal is to win the championship. I feel like that’s what we’re all striving for. Like Griff said, we’re hungry. Y’all saw this past year what the team did and I’m just excited to add to that.” Williamson will have his chance to show the NBA what the Pelicans can achieve with him back on the roster. Without him, New Orleans finished the season as the No. 8 seed, beating the San Antonio Spurs in the play-in game before losing in the first round to the Phoenix Suns in six games. The Pelicans’ young core, lead by second-year coach Green, will attempt to move up in the Western Conference pecking order. The addition last season of established veterans, such as CJ McCollum and Larry Nance Jr., helped pull the team from a 1-12 start to the playoffs. The addition of a healthy Williamson could elevate the Pelicans even more. “Zion is a huge part of what we want to accomplish,” Green said, “It’s not necessarily him fitting in. He can do that with any team in the league. It’s about maximizing the group that we have when we had him to it. And, frankly, I think it’s going to be scary for the rest of the NBA.” While longevity may be of some concern, Williamson said he worked with McCollum and the Pelicans staff to improve his conditioning and put himself in a “great situation.” Despite that, he won’t be changing how he plays. “I’m a competitor, so when I’m on the court, I’m not thinking about, ”Let me lay this ball in; hopefully my career will last longer,’ ” Williamson said. “No, I’m thinking about putting that person through the rim. So, as far as me dunking, that’s going to always happen. That’s going to stay happening, no matter what [team trainers and management] are talking about. I’m always dunking. Come on, man!”