Former US women’s national team goalkeeper Hope Solo reflected on her challenges with alcohol in a lengthy statement on Instagram, calling her DWI in March “the worst mistake of [her] life.” Solo, 40, said she “underestimated what a destructive part of my life alcohol had become” in a statement posted Monday — the same day she pleaded guilty to driving while impaired with her 2-year-old twins in the car. “It’s been a long road, but I’m slowly coming back from taking time off,” Solo wrote. “I pride myself in motherhood and what my husband and I have done day in and day out for over two years throughout the pandemic with two-year old twins. While I’m proud of us, it was incredibly hard and I made a huge mistake. Easily the worst mistake of my life.” Solo was found passed out behind the wheel of a running car with her children in the backseat at a North Carolina Walmart on March 31. She sought treatment afterward at the Hope Valley treatment facility and worked with a counselor, Billie Lawson, who she thanked in her post. “The upside of making a mistake this big is that hard lessons are learned quickly,” Solo wrote. “Learning these lessons has been difficult, and at times, very painful.” The former soccer star was handed down an active sentence of 30 days and a suspended sentence of 24 months, as well as $2,500 in fines, plus a $600 fee to cover the cost of lab tests. Solo, though, was given 30 days credit for the time she spent at an in-patient rehabilitation center and was ordered to undergo a substance abuse assessment and complete all recommended treatment. Additionally, Solo was charged with misdemeanor child abuse and resisting a public officer in connection to the March incident — however, both charges were voluntarily dropped according to her attorney, Chris Clifton. Solo went on to thank her husband, Jerramy Stevens, family, friends, and fans for supporting her throughout the ordeal. She also thanked her attorneys “for understanding that putting my mental and emotional well being first is most important to me and my family.” Solo said she’s looking forward to opening up and sharing more publicly in the coming weeks. “I continue to be a student of the greatest school called life and I will continue to learn and grow from these experiences. I will continue to gain empathy, knowledge, and stories to share. I consider this a gift to pass it on to others because pain shared is pain lessened,” Solo said, Carli Lloyd — who announced her retirement last October after a career spanning two World Cup titles and a pair of Olympic gold medals — commented under Solo’s post with three red heart emojis. Solo was elected to the US Soccer Hall of Fame in January. In April, the two-time Olympic gold medalist asked the National Soccer Hall of Fame to postpone its ceremony to induct her into the hall until 2023 so that she can attend an in-patient alcohol treatment program. In February, Solo took aim at her former USWNT teammates, Megan Rapinoe and Alex Morgan, in a fiery Instagram post and accused the pair of taking “an easy way out of a fight they were never really in,” following the settlement of their class-action lawsuit over equal pay.