Sprint, cycle, rollerblade, swim or hike to the lululemon “We Made Too Much” section for an awesome selection of discounted items this Fourth of July. While not a Fourth of July sale per se, The Post shopping team can assure you that the athleisure brand’s sale section is jam-packed with incredible deals that just happen to be current this holiday weekend. Whether you’re shopping for a new pair of leggings to wear to your next spin class, a few more sports bras or maybe you’re on the hunt for quality joggers — no matter what you’re looking for, chances are lululemon’s got it — at a discount, too! Our edit is organized by gender and features slashed price tags for as low as $34. To shop this article by category, simply click on either link below: Get these popular lululemon leggings in a fun pink shade for $19 less than usual. The lululemon Align collection is powered by Nulu fabric — weightless and buttery soft. If you’re looking for a durable, good-quality sports bra, lululemon is your best bet. The lululemon Energy bra uses the brand’s fan-favorite Luxtreme material that is sweat-wicking, breathable, cool to the touch and stretchy. While it’s quite rare to find neutral, classic colors in the lululemon’s sale section, you can snag this pair of black biker shorts for a limited time for just $49! You can never have too many workout tops. The lululemon Train to Be Tank Top is ideal for training (hence the name) and lifting weights, thanks to the lightweight and sweat-wicking material. A sports bra so soft you forget you’re even wearing it? We’re in. This yoga bra is made with marshmallowy-soft foam cups and supple fabric to keep you comfortable during your class and beyond. We love this oversized crewneck sweatshirt for a comfy and casual look at your next family bonfire or redeye flight. This classic T-shirt is a must for any man’s wardrobe. It’s lightweight and absorbs sweat ultra fast, making it ideal for the summer heat. These joggers will become your go-to loungewear pants in a jiffy. This breathable pair is great for working out, hanging out and everything in between. The Bowline shorts are a classic option for summer that would dress up an old T-shirt or go great with a button-down shirt for date night. For travel days, office days, and those hangout-at-the-park days, this lightweight, relaxed-fit half zip jacket will keep you covered and stylish. In need of a new pair of underwear? How about five? lululemon’s Always In Motion Boxers 5-pack is currently discounted by $24 for a limited time. These trendy and colorful men’s swim shorts would look great on anyone, and they’re currently a steal for just $48. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.