Have you ever read anything like it? On Saturday, a damning dossier was published about Joe Biden’s fitness to be president that was so shocking and disturbing, I assumed it had been written by a Republican hit squad. The holy stinker of a verdict — headlined “At 79, Biden Is Testing the Boundaries of Age and the Presidency” — revealed the following about the leader of the free world: He “often shuffles” when he walks, prompting concern he “will trip on a wire.” His speeches are “flat and listless” and he stumbles so often during them that staffers “hold their breath to see if he makes it to the end without a gaffe.” He regularly makes huge policy change announcements that are instantly walked back by the White House, like vowing a US military response if China invades Taiwan or saying Vladimir Putin “cannot remain in power.” He “sometimes loses his train of thought.” He “has trouble summoning names.” He appears “momentarily confused.” He called his vice president “President Harris.” He mistook Iran for Ukraine. He referred to Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) as “John,” mistaking him for a dead Republican senator. He tumbles off stationary bikes. He stays out of public view at night. And he’s taken part in fewer than half as many news conferences or interviews as recent predecessors. It’s hard to imagine a more devastatingly damaging depiction of a decrepit old man falling asleep at the world’s most powerful wheel. (Biden has, in fact, fallen asleep during vital global conferences …) Yet this wasn’t a GOP hatchet job. It was written by Peter Baker, chief White House correspondent of the New York Times, a newspaper that’s previously bent over backwards to be supportive of the president. Even as it was published, Biden provided shocking visible evidence of his declining mental agility when he repeated instructions from his speechwriter as if they were supposed to be in the actual speech. Speaking about the Supreme Court’s overturning of Roe v. Wade, he said: “Women are not without electoral or political power, it is noteworthy that the percentage of women who register to vote and cast a ballot is consistently higher than the percentage of the men who do so…” Then he added: “End of quote, repeat the line.” As widespread mockery erupted on social media, the White House released a transcript that claimed Biden had said, “Let me repeat that line.” But he didn’t, and we all know he didn’t because we all saw the clip, which clearly shows he didn’t. “They are spitting in your face & telling you it’s rain,” tweeted YouTube legal star Viva Frei scornfully. Yes, they are. Tesla CEO Elon Musk summed up the reaction when he shared a meme of a scene from “Anchorman” featuring Ron Burgundy” unwittingly reading out prank lines put on his teleprompter, and his boss raging: “For the last time, anything you put on that teleprompter, Burgundy will read.” Musk scoffed: “Whoever controls the teleprompter is the real President!” Terrifyingly, that increasingly appears to be the case. President Biden is becoming a monumental liability, not just to America but to the world. Don’t take my word for that, take the word of his own party. In a new New York Times/Siena poll, Biden’s approval rating has crashed to a new low of just 33% and incredibly, 64% of Democrats want someone else to fight the 2024 election. Think about that: Two-thirds of his own voters don’t want their president to run again, and he’s only 18 months into his tenure! The vast majority of Americans polled, nearly 80%, said they think the US is moving in the wrong direction, with just 13% saying it’s on the right track. These are catastrophically bad numbers. Yet like all weak leaders, Biden refuses to take any personal responsibility for the dreadful state of the US economy ravaged by roaring inflation and surging prices at the gas pump and supermarket. Instead, he’s been blaming anyone else he can think of, from the Russians to his political opponents. On Sunday, he tweeted: “Republicans are doing nothing but obstructing our efforts to crack down on gas-price gouging, lower food prices, lower healthcare costs, and hopefully, soon, lower your prescription drug costs. This is not right. And that’s why this election is going to be so darn important.” What a pathetic, dismal example of buck-passing bulls–t from a guy who said this when running against President Donald Trump: “It’s hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I’ll do my job and take responsibility. I won’t blame others.” As Sen. Tommy Tuberville (R-Ala.) commented: “Joe Biden believes that the American people are fools.” Yes, he does. But they’re not. As the latest poll confirms, the American people know exactly whom to blame and it’s President Biden. Perhaps the most jaw-dropping revelation in Baker’s article was that Biden is a “five-or-five-and-a-half-day-a-week president.” Sorry, WHAT? The president of the United States has the biggest, most important job on the planet. It requires 24/7 attention and focus from a sharp, dynamic, energetic mind — not a part-time commitment from a fast-aging man who is already a year older (79) than Ronald Reagan, whose presidency ended amid similar dementia concerns. My own country, Britain, has just rid itself of a useless prime minister, Boris Johnson, who also failed to live up to his promises and blamed everyone else for his mistakes. He was forced to resign last week, midway through his first term of office, after an unprecedented mutiny by his own senior ministerial colleagues who were sick of his woeful incompetence. But there is no such mechanism for unseating Biden, however badly he performs. Well, except one. If his functionality continues to deteriorate at the rate it is doing, then he will surely render himself constitutionally unfit to serve as president. Toward the end of Reagan’s presidency, his aides seriously considered whether he might have to be removed from office under the 25th Amendment’s disability clause. The time for that same conversation about Joe Biden might fast be approaching.