Jayson Tatum did his best to straddle the fence, complimenting Kevin Durant without campaigning for the Celtics to trade for the Nets’ superstar forward. Amid reports that the Celtics have emerged as a possible trade partner with the Nets for the disgruntled Durant, Tatum took the middle road when asked about the 12-time All-Star. “I don’t think any of that. I just play basketball,” Tatum said Tuesday night at the premiere of “NYC Point Gods,” a documentary about the history of lead guards from New York City in the 1980s and 1990s that will air on Showtime this week. “I mean, I played with him during the Olympics. Obviously, he’s a great player. But that’s not my decision. I love our team. I love the guys we got.” Tatum, coming off a run to the NBA Finals, questioned the accuracy of the reports, saying he doesn’t believe everything he sees on television. According to reports from ESPN and The Athletic, the Celtics offered a package centered around All-Star forward Jaylen Brown for Durant, who requested a trade in late June. Boston is said to have offered Brown, guard Derrick White and a draft pick for Durant. The Nets countered by asking for Brown, NBA Defensive Player of the Year Marcus Smart, draft picks and potentially one more rotation player in any proposal. “We got two new pieces,” Tatum said, referring to Malcolm Brogdon and former Knick Danilo Gallinari. “I love our team. Like I said, I just go out there and play with my teammates. I don’t put that hat on and make decisions.” A former Celtic champion, Paul Pierce, wasn’t nearly as politically correct as Tatum. He scoffed at the idea that Boston should trade Brown, even for someone as talented as Durant. “They’re not going to do that,” Pierce said. “That ain’t happening. They don’t need to make no moves.” Durant avoided reporters after posing for photos on the red carpet and his business manager, Rich Kleiman, declined to comment on Durant’s status or why he requested a trade in the first place. The documentary was created by their company, Boardroom. Kenny Anderson, meanwhile, is hoping Durant and Kyrie Irving, who The Post reported wants to remain with the Nets after opting into the final year of his contract, wind up sticking in Brooklyn for one more year. One of the stars of the documentary, the 51-year-old Anderson has remained a Nets fan over 15 years since retiring from the sport. “I’m a Net, so I would like to see them stay for one more year, see how it goes and then take off,” Anderson said. “The money issue is big here, the players have more control, which is great. But being a fan — I don’t care anything about the Knicks, I care about the Nets — so yeah, I’m bothered right now. I’m waiting to see Kyrie and Kevin Durant get to stay another year, see how it goes.”