The Choco Taco isn’t going anywhere, according to die-hard fans and conspiracy theorists. Unilever’s ice cream maker Klondike announced that the frozen vanilla dessert wrapped in a sugary taco and coated with peanuts and chocolate fudge would be discontinued — triggering nationwide mourning. “The Klondike Choco Taco has unfortunately been discontinued in both 1ct and 4ct pack sizes,” Klondike said. “Over the past two years, we have experienced an unprecedented spike in demand across our portfolio and have had to make very tough decisions to ensure availability of our full portfolio nationwide.” “A necessary but unfortunate part of this process is that we sometimes must discontinue products, even a beloved item like Choco Taco. We know this may be very disappointing.” But fans on Twitter are calling Klondike’s bluff. They think that the announcement was merely a ploy to get consumers riled up about the Choco Taco’s loss — only to have them rampage through supermarket aisles as part of a future promotion. One Twitter user wrote: “calling it now the discontinuing of the choco taco is a sham marketing ploy and it will be coming back in exactly one month.” Another Twitter user wrote: “choco taco coming back in six months and gonna have the best sales of its life.” Max Geiger tweeted: “I bet the Choco Taco is coming back (within 2 years?), and the news of its cancellation turns out to be a marketing ploy. The remastered Choco Taco will be somehow worse.” Choco Taco fans take solace in the fact that Taco Bell brought back the Mexican pizza earlier this year in response to fan outrage over the restaurant chain’s decision to take it off the menu back in 2020. The demand for the Mexican pizza was overwhelming and the chain sold more of the product than it did when it was regularly featured on the menu. The Post has reached out to Klondike’s parent company, Unilever, seeking comment. One Chicago restaurant isn’t waiting for Klondike to restock its shelves with Choco Taco. Instead, it’s offering its own iteration of the treat. Lonesome Rose in the Logan Square section of the Windy City is offering the treat for $8, according to Axios.