Elon Musk on Thursday reacted with a “laughing hysterically” emoji to a tweet that mocked Bill Gates’ claim that climate change could be solved by relying on hydrogen energy. Musk, who confirmed on Thursday that he recently fathered twins with an executive at his brain chip company Neuralink, also found time early Thursday to troll Bill Gates, who on his Twitter account had posted a link to a blog entry titled “Cut Emissions with Green Hydrogen.” “Cheap clean hydrogen would be a great breakthrough we have many uses for it. Also if we could bottle the tooth fairy and clone Santa Claus, and replace public transport with unicorns we’d be all good,” one Twitter user commented in response to The Post, provoking the emoji response from Musk. Musk has called the ideal of hydrogen fuel cells “mind-bogglingly stupid” while dismissing them as “fool cells” and a “load of rubbish.” Gates, the Microsoft co-founder who went into philanthropy after relinquishing his executive duties at the software giant, has touted the “use solar, wind, or nuclear power to turn water into hydrogen and oxygen” as a potential solution. Hydrogen fuel is created by burning the compound together with oxygen in a process that does not rely on carbon sources. It has been on the market for years and has been used to power internal combustion vehicles such as buses and passenger cars, though its scale has been limited. Critics of hydrogen note that while it is a renewable source, in its gaseous phase it is quite volatile and highly flammable. Since it is less dense than gasoline, it must be compressed to a liquid state and stored at lower temperatures to guarantee its effectiveness. Converting hydrogen into electricity is also an expensive process that requires separating it from oxygen, an energy-intensive endeavor which necessitates the burning of fossil fuels. The Tesla CEO, whose $215 billion fortune, which is the largest in the world, is derived mostly from stock in his electric car maker, has clashed with Gates elsewhere in recent years. The Tesla boss criticized Gates for selling Tesla stock short while touting the need to combat climate change. An investor who sells a stock short profits if the value of the stock falls. The investor borrows shares of an asset and then sells the borrowed shares to buyers at market price. The investor sells it with the intention of buying it back later for less money. After it was learned that Gates bought an all-electric Porsche rather than a Tesla, Musk tweeted in 2020: “My conversations with Gates have been underwhelming tbh.” Musk and Gates also went back and forth after the philanthropist hit out at Musk for his comments dismissing the coronavirus pandemic. “Elon’s positioning is to maintain a high level of outrageous comments,” Gates, whose charity has worked to help develop a vaccine and improve surveillance of the disease, told CNBC in July 2020. “He’s not much involved in vaccines. He makes a great electric car. His rockets work well, so he’s allowed to say these things. I hope that he doesn’t confuse areas he’s not involved in too much.” In response, Musk quipped: “Billy G is not my lover” — presumably a play on the lyrics to the Michael Jackson hit “Billy Jean.” “The rumor that Bill Gates & I are lovers is completely untrue,” Musk tweeted.