Democratic Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams and her campaign have doled out more than $520,000 to a private security firm since December of last year — while Abrams herself maintains ties with an organization seeking to defund the police. A Post review of Abrams’ campaign finance expenditures made public by the Georgia Campaign Finance Commission and Georgia Government Transparency and Campaign Finance Commission found that Abrams for Governor paid $520,612.57 to Executive Protection Agencies for “security services.” The payments — made in 11 installments of $39,335, $46,765, $44,380, $49,713.24, $50.252.50, $54,487.22, $56,141.43, $4,455, $64,221.18, $54,101.17 and $56,760.83 — were sent to the security company between Dec. 14, 2021, and April 20 of this year. By comparison, a similar review of data from Republican Gov. Brian Kemp’s campaign over the same time period found that Kemp for Governor spent just $31,396 on “IT/Consulting/Security.” Tate Mitchell, Kemp’s press secretary, told The Post that the payments — made to Liberty Technology — were “for the purposes of cybersecurity and IT support services” before blasting the Abrams campaign security spending as “jaw-dropping hypocrisy.” During the campaign, Kemp’s team has repeatedly accused Abrams of supporting the “defund the police” movement due to previous comments she has made as well as her current position on the board of the Marguerite Casey Foundation. “While she tries to run from her record of supporting — and profiting from — the defund the police movement, Governor Kemp will continue to stand with the men and women in law enforcement that keep our communities safe,” Mitchell said. “Stacey Abrams does not support defunding the police, and is a longtime supporter of investing in law enforcement, building community trust, and fostering law enforcement accountability,” Abrams campaign spokesperson Alex Floyd told The Post. The Seattle-based Casey Foundation — which states on its website that it remains “vigilant about identifying and undoing racism and white supremacy, on every level” — has repeatedly supported efforts to reallocate funding away from police departments to support various initiatives. In April 2021, foundation president and CEO Carmen Rojas made plain her support for the movement, tweeting, “Defund the police.” Despite allegations to the contrary, Abrams told Axios at the end of June that she does not  back the defunders. “I do not, and have never said, and have never supported defunding the police,” Abrams said, accusing Kemp of cherry-picking information to create a false narrative. While Abrams does sit on the board of the foundation, Floyd told The Post on Tuesday that she has no control over the money it doles out. “Foundation bylaws prohibit board members from approving, supporting or opposing any potential grant,” Floyd said. “Foundation staff members determine the large number of grants awarded per year. No grant reflects or changes Stacey’s views.” However, Abrams told CNN in June 2020 the US must “reallocate resources for the public good and for the humanization of black communities, but also make certain that extrajudicial killings do not continue in our country.” When pressed by host Alisyn Camerota about whether she supports “some defunding,” Abrams again described it as reallocating resources, but ultimately said “yes.” “If there’s a moment where the resources are so tight that we have to choose between whether we murder black people or serve black people, then absolutely our choice must be service,” she said, before accusing Republicans of using the phrase “defund the police” to create a false narrative. “I actually think it’s creating a false choice and a false narrative that’s playing into the hands of Donald Trump and the Republicans and sometimes into a media narrative that seeks to make overly simplistic decisions,” Abrams went on. “Slogans help, framing things through language helps, but we cannot be distracted from the policy responsibilities we have. And that’s my focus.”