ST. ANDREWS, Scotland — Sure, they might go super low this week on the Old Course at St. Andrews. And if they do, so what? There’s a distinct possibility that we may see some scores in the low 60s and — dare we say — something beginning with a “5’’ at this week’s 150th British Open, which begins Thursday. Links golf is dictated more by the weather than any other form of golf. And the forecast is for warm temperatures and relatively not a lot of wind around St. Andrews during the tournament rounds. That, as it always is in this part of the country, is subject to change. But, on a course where the big hitters have a chance to drive the greens on perhaps six of the par 4s, that could mean for some seriously low numbers if the winds lay down along the North Sea. Last week, Jordan Spieth told reporters he was concerned that this Open might become a “wedge contest.’’ Colin Montgomerie recently told Golf Monthly he fears a sub-60 score this week and said the Old Course “doesn’t deserve to have a 59 on it.” Padraig Harrington speculated that the R&A might put pins in some treacherous positions that players have never seen before to “protect’’ the old lady from yielding scores in the 50s “because nobody wants to see the ‘Home of Golf’ with particularly low scores.” Jack Nicklaus, who won two of his three British Opens at St. Andrews — just as Tiger Woods did later — said it best when asked about the potential vulnerability of the Old Course. “They might shoot low. So what?’’ Nicklaus said. “They’re shooting low now compared to what they shot 100 years ago. But times change and golfers get better, equipment gets better, conditions get better. Shoot low scores. I don’t think it really makes a whole lot of difference, frankly. It’s St. Andrews and … it will produce a good champion. It always has.’’ Branden Grace has the lowest score ever shot in a major with the 62 he posted in the 2017 Open at Royal Birkdale. Ross Fisher holds the course record at St Andrews after a 61 in the Dunhill Links three months later. Nicklaus doesn’t buy into the Old Course being vulnerable to today’s players. “When I came here in 1964, I couldn’t believe that St Andrews was a golf course that would still test golfers of that time,’’ Nicklaus said. “Now, that’s, what, 60 years ago? It still tests the golfers at this time. To believe the game of golf essentially started here, it is just absolutely is mind-boggling to me that it still stands up to the golfers of today.’’ The beauty of the R&A and its difference from the USGA, which has built a reputation for protecting par by doctoring up its U.S. Open courses to ensure few players go very low, is that the R&A isn’t obsessed with what the winning score might be. The winning score at the 2015 Open at St. Andrews was 15-under par by Zach Johnson. Louis Oosthuizen won the 2010 Open on the Old Course shooting 16-under. Woods shot 14-under when he won it in 2005. “The game has changed quite a bit, but St Andrews hasn’t,’’ Nicklaus said. Nicklaus preached patience around St. Andrews as the only way to conquer it. “Discipline is such an important part of playing over here,’’ he said. “Once you get frustrated, then say ‘bye-bye, we’ll see you next time,’ because that’s what happens. You’ve got to be patient and you’ve got the ability to just sort of play to what the golf course gives you. You can’t try to take any more.’’ Woods said a few holes on the course has been lengthened since he first played it in 1995 as an amateur, and, “I think every pot bunker has gotten a little bit deeper.’’ “Even with the advancements in technology, this golf course still stands the test of time,’’ Woods said. “It’s still very difficult, and it’s obviously weather dependent. You get the winds like we did today, it’s a helluva test. On 10, I hit a 6-iron from 120 yards it was blowing so hard. Then again, if you get a calm day on this golf course, you can see some players probably have four to five eagle putts.’’ If that happens this week, so be it. You’re better off enjoying the natural beauty that links golf gives you. The Old Course will remain pure regardless of what scores are posted on it this week, and it’ll still produce a proper champion.