CHICAGO — Jeff McNeil will be hard-pressed to have a better week in his life. On Sunday, the Mets utilityman was selected to his second All-Star team. Three days later, at 4:45 a.m., his son, Lucas, entered the world. It was the first child for McNeil and his wife, Tatiana. “Perfect,” McNeil said Thursday at Wrigley Field, when asked to describe the week. “They have been pretty magical [days] — making an All-Star Game and the birth of our child is pretty special, so I couldn’t ask for a better few days.” McNeil was removed from the paternity list and started in left field against the Cubs. McNeil’s return and that of Starling Marte (who had missed four straight starts with left groin tightness) gave the Mets a full lineup for the first time since last Saturday. McNeil went 1-for-4 with a walk in the Mets’ 8-0 victory over the Cubs. Without the duo, the Mets still managed to win two of three games in Atlanta and expand their lead to 2 ½ games in the NL East. The Braves have been hot since early June, at which point they trailed the Mets by 10 ½ games. “We actually had the game playing,” said McNeil, who returned home to Southern California for the birth of his son. “My wife and I were both watching it while we were waiting. It was pretty awesome to see what they did in Atlanta. They played well and I was glad they could take the series.” Lucas McNeil is expected to reunite with his dad next week in Los Angeles at the All-Star Game. McNeil will join Marte, Pete Alonso and Edwin Diaz in representing the Mets. “I got to play in the All-Star Game in ’19 as well, so I am pretty happy to get selected and being back in California, in L.A., the place I grew up and going to games and that is kind of where I fell in love with the game was going to Dodger Stadium,” McNeil said. “It’s pretty special. I get to play in an All-Star Game there in front of friends and family.” McNeil entered Thursday with a .311/.371/.436 slash line with four homers and 35 RBIs following a subpar 2021 season. This year he has been among the Mets’ most consistent players. “Looking at his background I thought I would like the player and I obviously do,” manager Buck Showalter said. “He’s been real consistent and I like the fact that whether it’s second base, left field, he figures out a way to impact us on both sides of the ball.” McNeil is confident the Mets won’t have the same kind of letdown as last year, when they collapsed over the final two months, after Jacob deGrom was placed on the injured list. DeGrom, who hasn’t pitched since last July 7, could return to the Mets in the days that follow the All-Star break. “It’s just a completely different team,” McNeil said, when asked about his confidence that the Mets won’t have another second-half letdown. “You can tell by some of the wins we’ve had this year and how we have been playing this year as a whole. This team, I think we’re very complete. “We’re going to have Jake coming down the road as well, so that is going to be a huge boost in that we have got some pitching coming back. It’s just a little bit different. Last year at the All-Star break was when guys started to go down, so that’s tough. I think it’s the complete opposite this year.”