“Stranger Things” season four breakout star Joseph Quinn broke down during an interview over the weekend after an audience member thanked him for sharing his time with fans at an earlier photo op. Quinn, who played Hellfire Club leader Eddie Munson in the Netflix show, was among the lineup at London Film and Comic Con and spent Saturday posing for fan photos at a reportedly overbooked meet-and-greet — during which security allegedly mistreated him. He wiped tears away when a fan thanked him at the later event. “Mine’s not really a question, it’s just more of an extension of gratitude really,” the audience member told Quinn during the Q&A, according to a video posted online of the exchange. “I’m sure a lot of us have heard what happened [at the meet-and-greet], whether it’s true or not, about how you were treated… But I just wanted to say thank you from all of us,” she continued. “We’re really grateful that you’re sharing your time, thank you for signing our things, for spending time with us and making our summer.” The crowd erupted in cheers and applause as Quinn listened from the stage and appeared to tear up. Several attendees wrote online that the earlier photo op was poorly organized and claimed security “yelled” at Quinn and fans to hurry along and were generally rude. “The way LFCC treated Joseph Quinn was horrendous, I feel so bad for him,” one fan tweeted. “Both Joe and the fans were treated like shit all for LFCC to make as much money as possible.” Another attendee, who wore a Hellfire Club t-shirt, shared the photo she snapped with the British actor to Twitter. “The organisation [sic] was a shambles and the staff were rude as hell,” Evangeline tweeted with the pic. “But Joseph Quinn was so genuine and friendly and gave me a hug even though the staff were yelling at him to hurry up. Top bloke.” A third “Stranger Things” fan corroborated the accounts. “So despite the @Showmasters staff being overly rude to guests and Joseph Quinn himself, Joseph was still so amazing and genuinely happy to meet his fans, he even gave me a hug, thank you Joseph for being so amazing and despite everything you were still so happy to see us all,” she wrote. The unnamed fan who thanked Quinn directly went on to say that many fans related to his character. “I think that we all really connected with Eddie for one reason or another, whether we liked his music taste or that he is the outsider like you mentioned,” she said. “I think all of us are part of Eddie. We all traveled far because we all really connected with you as well and you really made our weekend.” “However you were treated yesterday, we are so grateful.” Quinn repeatedly wiped his eyes with his hands before expressively using his sleeve to wipe away any remaining tears. “Aw why’d you do that?” he replied. The organization that promoted London Film and Comic Con denied reports that staff had been rude to Quinn and fans and said the event was not overbooked. “There are a few untrue stories going around about Joseph & his family members being shouted at by his security team, which are 100% untrue,” Showmasters Director of Events Jason Joiner wrote in a lengthy Twitter thread. “There is a story about Joseph being overworked & the event being oversold which again is 100% untrue.”