Try as bodacious beauties might, nothing — not even plastic surgery — lasts forever, as one doc demonstrated on TikTok. A cosmetic surgeon is going viral after revealing the stark difference in textures between today’s “gummy” silicone breast implants and the saline type of yore, reported Jam Press. A video of the augmentation exposé, featuring a real-life pair of old implants from one of his patients, currently boasts a whopping 2.4 million views online. “This implant was placed in the 1990s!” reads the caption to the clip, which was posted by Jerry Chidester, 40, better known as “The Dancing Surgeon” @drchiddy on TikTok. In the icky 15-second footage, the clinician cuts open one of the old saline mammary enhancers. He then holds the bag over a bowl, whereupon the viscous gel oozes into the container like soupy gelatin. Chidester then slices a modern day “gummy” silicone implant, which bounces into the bowl without losing its shape or leaking fluid. The Tik-Doc attributes the discrepancy in “cohesiveness” to the marked advances in breast augmentation technology from three decades ago versus now. Specifically, rudimentary saline devices are filled with a sterile salt water solution, so their contents spill if the sack is ruptured. But today, modern “gummy bear implants” are filled with a firm silicone gel that maintains its shape even if the shell ruptures, according to an Allure investigation. Suffice it to say, the TikTok commentariat was amazed at the difference in consistency. “This implant is older than me,” said one gawker, while another wondered if the 30-year-old chest accessory was comprised of the children’s toy, “slime.” “Did her body FRY them???” one wondered. On the other hand, viewers agree the silicone version looked more appealing. Quipped one of them, “It looks like the best stress ball.” In another silicone explainer with 3.9 million views, Chidester showcased a similarly watery 23-year-old implant that he’d removed from a patient in 2021. They went under the knife in 1998, during a time when the Food and Drug Administration had banned the use of “silicone implants for cosmetic purposes,” imposed between 1992 and 2006. Since then, silicone implants have been considered safe for implantation, but the substance still has its critics, including a growing movement of women who blame them for so-called “breast implant illness.” All things considered, doctors recommend patients keep a close eye on their assets. Today, “FDA regulations in the United States require that we go over a very extensive informed consent process specific to the implants,” Dr. Chidester told NeedToKnow.online. “Therefore the patients are fully aware of the risks of breast implants, that they need to be exchanged after 10-15 years.” He added, “And that they are not permanent devices, and that they need to be surveyed with MRI or high resolution ultrasound every few years.”