Christian Bale defined a generation with his portrayal of the brooding philanthropist and hero, Bruce Wayne a k a Batman. The Oscar winner’s turn as the Caped Crusader began in 2005 with the start of Christopher Nolan’s “The Dark Knight” trilogy. However, the two men were met with much skepticism as they wanted to make a serious DC movie, according to Bale, who said people laughed at the idea of a somber Batman. “I would [tell people] we’re going to sort of do Batman, but take him seriously,” Bale, 48, said in an interview with the Washington Post. The “American Hustle” star added, “I had tons of people laugh at me and just say, ‘Well, that’s just not going to work at all.’ “ The DC Comics superhero had been previously adapted by Joel Schumacher for “Batman Forever” and “Batman & Robin” in 1995 and 1997, respectively, and these takes were slightly campier and more comedic in tone. Nolan’s version on the other hand — which manifested in three films between 2005 and 2012 — was grittier, realistic and grossed a combined $2.45 billion at the box office. Matt Reeves’ “The Batman,” starring Robert Pattinson, took a darker, moodier turn when it was released this year and scored $128 million at the box office for its opening weekend. British actor Bale has since moved to the Marvel Cinematic Universe and is currently starring in “Thor: Love and Thunder.” “It’s wonderful to be a part of a trilogy that proved those people wrong. I’m not certain if it kick-started [the MCU] but it certainly helped along the way,” Bale continued. He revealed to Total Film magazine last month that he didn’t hesitate to become a part of the MCU following the ending of his Batman stint a decade prior. “[It] didn’t even enter into my head at all. I’d read that, and people would go, ‘Oh, look at this! He’s entered the MCU,’ ” he said. “And I’d go, ‘I’ve done what? I haven’t entered s – – t, thank you very much.’ I’m like, ‘The MCU?’ I had to ask what that was.” Bale plays villain Gorr the God Butcher in the fourth installment of the “Thor” franchise and underwent a physical transformation for the role. He also told Screen Rant in June what it would take for him to be Batman once again. “I had a pact with Chris Nolan,” he divulged to the publication. “We said, ‘Hey, look. Let’s make three films, if we’re lucky enough to get to do that. And then let’s walk away. Let’s not linger too long.’ “ Bale went on, “In my mind, it would be something if Chris Nolan ever said to himself, ‘You know what, I’ve got another story to tell.’ And if he wished to tell that story with me, I’d be in.”