Nearly a decade after Anthony Weiner’s sexting scandal cost him a chance to become mayor of New York City, the disgraced former congressman will launch a podcast about his beloved hometown. Weiner announced his first episode of “Keys to the City” will air Thursday. The podcast will be themed around “the problems facing New York City and the enduring power of ideas.” “From existential threats to pet peeves, each week together we’ll resist the temptation to curse the darkness,” according to the description of the podcast. “Instead, we’ll try to light a candle by bringing to light things that have worked before or new ways to get things done.” Weiner’s continued return to the spotlight comes after he signed on to do a weekly radio show on 77 WABC-AM alongside another former mayoral candidate, Curtis Sliwa, earlier this year. CNN reporter Edward-Isaac Dovere observed on Twitter that “Keys to the City” was the same title that Weiner used for his campaign policy proposals during his aborted 2013 run for the mayoralty. The Democrat first gained national attention in 2010 when he made an impassioned speech on the House floor urging the government to pass a health care bill to fund treatment for 9/11 first responders. In 2011, a photo appeared on Weiner’s Twitter account showing a man in his underwear with an apparent erection. After initially claiming that the account was hacked, Weiner, who was married at the time to Huma Abedin, a top aide to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, admitted to engaging in inappropriate relationships online with several women. He acknowledged that the photo was indeed him. A short time later, he resigned from Congress. Two years later, Weiner announced he was running for mayor. But news reports emerged of lewd text messages and photos that Weiner exchanged with an underage teen. Weiner sent the teen “adult pornography” and repeatedly convinced her to strip naked and fondle herself while he watched via Skype and Snapchat in February and March 2016, federal authorities said. The incident came after Weiner sent a crotch shot to a woman while lying next to his young son, and the image was made public in August 2016. That same year, Abedin announced she was splitting from her husband. On May 19, 2017, Weiner pleaded guilty to one count of transferring obscene material to a minor. He was sentenced to 21 months in federal prison and served his time at Federal Medical Center, Devens, in Ayer, Mass. He was released in 2019 after serving 18 months.