The Manhattan bodega worker charged with murder for fending off a violent ex-con broke his silence Monday, apologizing to the dead man’s family and saying he is “very sad” over the whole ordeal. “I didn’t think this would happen,” Jose Alba, 61, said in Spanish at his Manhattan home. “At that moment, I was in shock,” he said of the July 1 mayhem, which involved him fatally stabbing a man who was attacking him behind the counter of the store. “I didn’t know what to do and what to say. “I feel very sad,” Alba said. Asked if he had a message for the dead man’s grieving family, Alba said he was sorry. “I’d tell them that I didn’t want to do this,” he said. “This happened. I don’t know in the moment how this happened. But I’m also sad. I know what the pain is. “I ask that they please forgive me because I didn’t want to do that.” The worker was charged with murder for fatally stabbing 35-year-old Austin Simon after the younger man stormed behind the counter of the Hamilton Heights bodega and accosted him. The clerk grabbed a knife and stabbed Simon five times in the shocking, caught-on-video melee. Simon was incensed that Alba refused to sell his girlfriend a bag of chips because her debit card was repeatedly declined at the store. One video of the deadly encounter obtained by The Post appears to show Simon’s girlfriend also stabbing the bodega clerk in the arm during the incident. She has not been charged in the case. But Alba was arrested, charged with second-degree murder and initially held on $250,000 bail. Last week, Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg negotiated a lower bail with Alba’s lawyer amid widespread outcry over the charges against the clerk, and the worker was released on a $5,000 bond while awaiting trial. Meanwhile, Alba’s own knife wounds became infected while he was held at Rikers Island, but he said Monday that he is healing thanks to antibiotics. Alba said he was unaware that a group of bodega owners is scheduled to meet with Bragg on Tuesday to lobby for the charges against him to be dropped. On Sunday, the group, United Bodegas of America, called for the Big Apple to enact a local version of Florida’s controversial “stand your ground” law to protect workers such as Alba who act in self-defense when under attack.