Ex-NYC Schools Chancellor Richard Carranza — who resigned amid a cloud of controversy in 2021 — is engaged to the former Department of Education staffer he hired for a six-figure gig during his troubled tenure, The Post has learned. Carranza — mariachi enthusiast and chancellor under Mayor Bill de Blasio — serenaded his sweetheart Raquel Sosa in San Antonio, Texas, while popping the question with flowers and a ring, according to video he posted on social media. “When you propose, you have to sing…,” Carranza, 55, wrote on Twitter Sunday. The proposal came roughly a month after Carranza’s divorce from his second wife, Monique, was finalized in mid-June, court records reviewed by The Post show. The ex-schools boss brought Sosa, then a Houston elementary school principal, to the Big Apple in 2018 to oversee public school students learning English and in temporary housing. The post had a starting salary of $149,000. Whistleblowers filed a complaint with the city’s Special Commissioner of Investigation at the time alleging Carranza, a former schools superintendent in Houston, had improperly waived job postings and other requirements to hire ex-staffers, including Sosa, who he knew from past posts in Texas and California. The SCI for city schools, however, closed the case and declined to say whether it investigated the allegations. Carranza — who was still married at the time — was slapped with a $1,100 fine for improperly taking Sosa on a DOE outing to see the popular Broadway show “Hamilton” in 2019. His wife filed for divorce in August 2020. Less than a week after Carranza’s last day as chancellor in April 2021, Sosa registered to vote from an apartment the two shared in San Antonio. She only quit her job as a top administrator in the DOE’s Office of Curriculum, Instruction and Professional Learning several months later, The Post previously reported. Carranza — who over the course of his three-year tenure championed academic screening admissions reform and culturally responsive curriculum — announced his resignation in early 2021, saying he needed time to grieve 11 loved ones lost to COVID-19. Sosa, per her Twitter bio, is now an educational consultant at Carranza Educational Consulting, LLC., where her soon-to-be hubbie also works. “Te amo mi vida ♥” — or ‘I love you, my life’ — she commented on his post. It’s not the first time Carranza has employed his serenade skills. The mariachi musician also sang to former First Lady Chirlane McCray during his interview for the school boss gig, New York Magazine reported. Carranza did not respond to a request for comment. Additional reporting by Susan Edelman.