San Francisco’s no-nonsense new district attorney is cleaning house — as she reportedly laid off 15 staffers inherited from her booted, woke predecessor. The firings Friday by Brooke Jenkins come nearly two weeks after she was appointed district attorney by Mayor London Breed following the recall of her much-maligned predecessor Chesa Boudin, according to SFGATE.com. “Today, I made difficult, but important changes to my management team and staff that will help advance my vision to restore a sense of safety in San Francisco by holding serious and repeat offenders accountable and implementing smart criminal justice reforms,” Jenkins said in a statement. Jenkins dropped the firing ax on most the 25 staffers who worked for Boudin, days after holding a 20-minute introductory meeting with them that some attendees described as “uncomfortable” and “icy,” SFGATE.com also reported. The staffers fired include Arcelia Hurtado, who had worked as managing attorney and served as the DA Office’s representative on the city’s Innocence Commission, which investigates potential wrongful convictions. Boudin established the commission in 2020. Jenkins told KQED Thursday she intends to continue it. “The decision by Brooke Jenkins to fire Arcelia Hurtado is deeply concerning, especially given the promise she made … to allow the Innocence Commission to continue to function,” University of San Francisco law professor Lara Bazelon, the chair of the commission, told SFGATE.com. The professor also noted that Arcelia was the head of the DA’s post-conviction review unit, which is currently reviewing a petition by the mayor’s brother Napoleon Brown to be granted leniency and released from prison following a conviction for carjacking and manslaughter. Jenkins will serve in her role until November – when she’ll run in a special election to determine who will complete Boudin’s term through 2023. Boudin, meanwhile, has not ruled out running for the job again, telling the San Francisco Chronicle late last month that he became the scapegoat for the city’s surge in crime. “A lot of my supporters and endorsements and donors and Democratic clubs that were behind me are urging me to run now, or in 2023,” Boudin said. “I’m committed, as I always have been my entire life, to doing the work to support our communities, to fight for a fairer system of justice.”