Yoenis Céspedes is making a comeback. The former New York Mets outfielder will play for the Águilas Cibaeñas in the Dominican Winter League this upcoming season, according to MLB’s Francys Romero. Céspedes last appeared in a professional baseball game on Aug. 1, 2020 while donning a Mets uniform. One day later, the lively outfielder shocked fans and teammates alike when he didn’t show up to his team’s game in Atlanta, later revealing he’d be opting out of the remainder of the COVID-shortened 2020 season. Céspedes briefly attempted a comeback during the 2021 season, holding a showcase in Fort Pierce, Fla. that 11 teams attended. The Mets, crippled by a multitude of injuries to their depleted roster, even contacted Céspedes’ representation about a possible reunion, but talks quickly dissipated due to his unwillingness to play in the minor leagues. Following his defection from Cuba in 2011, Céspedes put together an illustrious eight-year career that included stints with the Oakland Athletics, Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers and Mets. The Mets acquired Céspedes during the closing moments of trade deadline in 2015. The move soon paid immense dividends, as the right-handed slugger’s 17 home runs and .287/.337/.604 slash line in the second half of the season helped propel the Mets to the World Series and their first National League pennant since 2000. Céspedes’ strong play quickly earned him a three-year, $75 million contract from the Mets that included an opt out after year one. After replicating much of the success he had in 2015 during his All-Star campaign in 2016, Céspedes opted out of his deal in favor of a new four-year, $110 million contract to remain in New York. Céspedes’ time with the Mets rapidly went sour following a plethora of injuries that sidelined him for the majority of the 2018 and ’19 seasons. His most infamous moment while on the team came in 2020, when he sustained a fractured right ankle during an incident with a wild boar while recovering from surgery on his Florida ranch. The mishap ultimately cost Céspedes more than $15 million due to a restructured contract. Although the marriage between Céspedes and the Mets concluded on a bad note, the pair still hold a good relationship. Earlier this year, it was revealed that the 36-year-old will partake in Old Timers’ Day at Citi Field on Aug. 27 alongside many other stars from the past. Perhaps his long-awaited presence on an MLB field will be a sign for things to come.