New York congressional candidate Daniel Goldman has been trying to portray himself as tough on gun violence, but last year championed “soft on crime” Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg to be elected the borough’s top prosecutor. Goldman, an heir to the Levi Strauss clothing fortune who was the chief House investigator during former President Donald Trump’s first impeachment proceeding, hosted a fundraiser for Bragg at his multimillion-dollar Tribeca home in April of last year. He donated $7,500 to Bragg’s campaign, publicly endorsed him and was a chief validator of his campaign on social media. Meanwhile, Bragg’s former campaign adviser and top government aide, Ritchie Fife, is now a consultant to Goldman’s campaign. Goldman — who is running in the crowded 10th congressional district that takes in lower Manhattan and brownstone Brooklyn — recently sent out a mailer to voters about his plan “to stop gun violence.” “I am the only one with law enforcement experience, who can work knowledgeably to reduce crime in this city,” he said in a June 10 Fox 5 Good Day NY interview. But his wholehearted support of Bragg is being called into question. “@AlvinBraggNYC is the right person to succeed Cy Vance. He has the personal and professional experience that Manhattan needs to reform the office while keeping our streets safe. If you’re interested in learning more or donating, please go to http://alvinbragg.com7,” Goldman tweeted on March 12, 2021. On June 15, 2021, Goldman tweeted, “Absolutely correct. We need @AlvinBraggNYCas DA to both keep our streets safe, boost morale of the NYPD while holding everyonein the criminal justice system accountable. He is the right man for this vital job.z’Goldman said Bragg“will make an outstanding District Attorney and is just what this city needs right now” after Bragg won the primary. During April 2021, Bragg and Goldman — who served together in the Manhattan U.S. Attorney’s Office — held an event about the Derek Chauvin case in Minneapolis. Goldman also publicly attacked one of Bragg’s primary opponents, Tali Farhadian Weinstein for taking funding from Wall Street interests and bankrolling her own campaign down the stretch. Immediately upon taking office, Bragg came under fire for releasing his “Day One” memo ordering his prosecutors to stop seeking prison sentences for hordes of criminals and to downgrade felony charges in cases including armed robberies and drug dealing. He later backed off some of the downgrades following a firestorm of criticism. Bragg is now facing heat for charging bodega worker Jose Alba with murder for fatally stabbing an ex-con who attacked him in his shop. Goldman also defended Bragg when he declined to prosecute Trump over the objections of his assistant DAs. “The easy thing for Bragg to do would be to charge Trump. It certainly would be the politically expedient thing to do. He’s got every incentive to pursue charges, including as a distraction from the backlash from the Day One memo,” Goldman tweeted in March. “He therefore should be applauded for strictly adhering to the rule of law and focusing solely on the facts and the evidence — and not improper political considerations — in making this decision… Allegations of corruption are preposterous.”Law-and-order congressional rivals slammed Goldman for being out of touch with ordinary law-abiding New Yorkers. “Dan Goldman is out of touch on how to make New York City safe,” said Maud Maron, a rival Democrat in the race who resides in Soho. “He lives the high life in trust fund luxury in his $22 million apartment.. All his kids go to private school.” “Alvin Bragg has been a disaster for the city who is more concerned with criminals than victims. The Jose Alba case is proof positive of that,” added Maron, a parent activist and former Legal Aid lawyer. Candidate Yan Xiong, a Chinese-American immigrant and Army veteran who protested against the Chinese government as a student leader in Tiananmen Square, said, “Dan Goldman clearly doesn’t care about the Asian people in the district if he supports this repulsive DA.” “As a father and community activist, I can attest to DA Bragg’s persistent inaction and failure to curb crime within the 10th congressional district. Dan Goldman’s strong relationship with the DA and continued support of his policies only spell failure for New Yorkers. We need expanded access to mental health services and stronger enforcement of city laws to tackle this wave of crime devastating our city.” Goldman defended his support of Bragg but admitted the new DA got off to a rough start. “I think that as a first-time elected official, there’s been a rocky adjustment to go from campaigning to actually doing the job,” Goldman said, in a statement provided to The Post that he first made in April. “That transition has been bumpy for Alvin and I think that when you get off to a bad start, it’s very difficult to get back on the right track And I think what he’s hoping is that he’ll focus on doing the work and ultimately people will see that the policies he’s implemented will be productive.” Goldman’s campaign also pointed out that he opposes defunding the police, while four rivals — Councilwoman Carlina Rivera (D-Manhattan), Assemblywoman Yuh-Line Niou (D-Manhattan), upstate Rep. Mondaire Jones and Assemblywoman Jo Anne Simon (D-Brooklyn) have expressed support for defunding the police. Other candidates include former Mayor Bill de Blasio and Liz Holtzman, a former Brooklyn District attorney and congresswoman.