On the first Monday in June, Kristjana Hillberg dropped her 10-year-old off at circus camp, her 4-year-old at Montessori day camp and her 2 year-old at day care. Then she headed straight to the sex shop for toys and supplies “to spice things up.” The 32-year-old media manager had big plans: She’d taken the day off from work and intended to stay off email and on her husband, Kurt. “He messaged me and was like, ‘Let’s stay in bed and f–k all day,’ ” Hillberg, an Arizona native now living in South Dakota, told The Post. “I was like, ‘Oh my God, yes. I can’t wait to be close together and not worry about making too much noise. It will be a day full of rejuvenation.’ ” It was the first time the couple had the house to themselves since the start of the pandemic, and they took full advantage. They made a beeline for the bedroom, drew the curtains and made up for lost time. “Sometimes when the kids don’t go to bed until 9 p.m., you’re tired, and you don’t have the stamina [to be intimate],” Hillberg said. After years of child care limited by the pandemic, camp is in session and full-time nannies are back on the payroll this summer. Parents are cutting loose, indulging in sex, drugs and big nights out while their offspring braid lanyards and canoe. “We’ve had some couples that come in asking for lap dances, and they’ll tell me, ‘Listen, our kids are with the babysitter,’ or ‘They’re away at camp, and we’re just here to have a good time.’ They work full-time, they have a little break for the summer, and they’re coming out to party,” Katie Paul, the general manager at Wonderland, an adult entertainment club in the Flatiron District, told The Post. “We didn’t see that pre-pandemic as much.” Nidah Barber-Raymond, 48, an aesthetician who owns the Peel Connection in New York and Beverly Hills, California, has also been using the summer season to heat up her marriage. Last month, while her 4- and 8-year-olds were at day camp, she and her husband met up at the Beverly Hills Hotel one afternoon for some roleplay around the pool. “I told him to meet me at the pool lounge, and we just pretended we were strangers who met for the first time,” said Barber-Raymond. Later on, they had other parents to their private cabana for a day party celebrating not just their child-free status but also their fifth anniversary. “We said, ‘Leave your kids with the nanny and come party poolside,’ ” she said. Other moms are leaving the husbands at home and getting frisky with their friends. Jess, 40, a mother of four kids between the ages of 2 and 10, left the suburbs earlier this week for a girls night out at Midtown nightclub Nebula. While her little ones slept off a day of sailing, tennis and swimming at their Westchester country-club camp, Jess and her friends were engaging in a dance battle to Shaggy’s “It Wasn’t Me” with a group of Gen Zers who didn’t know the lyrics. “We were literally like 22-year-olds on the dance floor,” Jess, a former assistant principal, told The Post, declining to give her last name for professional reasons. “We’ve been mom-ing the hell out of the last two years and said, ‘We’re finally free,’ ” Jess said. “We paid our dues. We did the whole pandemic thing. I home-schooled the kids. Now, the camps are open, my nannies are back full-time, and I’m like, ‘F–k it, we’re out.’ ” She dusted off an old pair of Jimmy Choos for the night, put on a short dress and told her husband not to wait up. “Now, no one is depending on my boobs except me and my great outfit,” she said. “I would have been up on that banquette if I didn’t have my last baby 18 months ago.” She and her friends stayed out until 4 a.m dancing and doing tequila shots. It was a blast, although she felt it the next day. “I’m not going to lie. My knees hurt from wearing my 6-inch Jimmys that I haven’t worn in 10 years. It was 100% worth it,” she said. “We took no pictures. We tried to pretend it was 20 years ago — no Boomerangs, no Reels, no evidence.” Meanwhile, Chloé Jo Davis, a mom of three sons under age 12 and founder of the lifestyle website GirlieGirlArmy.com, is staying connected while cutting loose. Her boys are away at a seven-week sleep-away camp — #bliss — and she has taken to sipping a margarita  while logging on to Campanion, a mobile app that lets her see kids ziplining at their camp in Beach Lake, Pennsylvania. Friends who frequent her pool party have been known to spark up the occasional joint or vape. It’s a pleasure that she said she has earned. “You work so hard helping with schoolwork for 10 months, so you can live your best life for two,” she said.