Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald blasted former NBA star and CNN+ host Rex Chapman over the weekend for what Greenwald called “a repulsive outburst of overt racism” directed against Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas. According to Greenwald, Chapman had suggested that Thomas, who has been harshly criticized by liberals for being one of six justices who voted to overturn Roe v. Wade last month, “isn’t really black because he doesn’t go to NBA games.” Greenwald then accused Chapman of depicting Thomas as a “race traitor” for marrying a white woman. “To describe Chapman’s blatantly racist bile as offensive — to those in inter-racial marriages but any decent person — is to understate it,” Greenwald tweeted. “But it’s regarded as noble because this is how the liberal-left treats any dissident member of marginalized groups they believe they own.” The Post has sought comment from Chapman. Since retiring from the NBA in 2000 after a 13-year career, Chapman has overcome an addiction to painkillers as well as an arrest for shoplifting — finding work as a basketball commentator and social media influencer. On Thursday, Chapman posted a meme showing Thomas alongside his wife Ginni under the caption: “Coup we be any cuter?” Ginni Thomas has drawn scrutiny from the Jan. 6 House Select Committee, which is investigating last year’s US Capitol riot that disrupted Congress ratifying Joe Biden’s 2020 election victory. The wife of the Supreme Court justice sent texts to then-President Trump’s Chief of Staff Mark Meadows and other Trump supporters after he lost the election to Biden. “Help This Great President stand firm, Mark!!!” Thomas wrote in Nov. 10, 2020, according to the Washington Post. “You are the leader, with him, who is standing for America’s constitutional governance at the precipice. The majority knows Biden and the Left is attempting the greatest Heist of our History.” Ginni Thomas has insisted she has nothing to hide and looks forward to testifying before the panel. Chapman’s meme also included photos of Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron, a rising star in GOP politics, alongside his white wife, Makenze Evans. “He’s next in Mitch’s world to succeed Clarence Thomas…” Chapman, a Bowling Green, Ky. native who played basketball at the University of Kentucky, wrote of Cameron. In a subsequent tweet, Chapman posted video from a 2018 graduation event at Christendom College in which Thomas is seen posing with the son of late Justice Antonin Scalia and other white graduates. “Not another person of color in the picture,” Chapman wrote. The former Charlotte Hornets, Washington Bullets, Miami Heat and Phoenix Suns guard then tweeted: “Clarence Thomas would last 20-30 seconds in an NBA locker room.” “Why have you never seen Clarence Thomas at an NBA game? As in — ever?” Chapman wondered, before adding: “Bill Clinton used to come to our games in Landover with the Bullets. Clarence Thomas — never.”