I started a summer internship two weeks ago and it is not as advertised. I’m not being given anything meaningful to do, just menial tasks. I have the opportunity to get a lifeguard job for the summer, which pays more money. If I’m not going to learn anything, I might as well earn more and have fun. Would that look bad on a résumé? Is it dangerous to swim in shark-infested waters? Yes, it will look bad on a résumé, but if you quit after two weeks, then you shouldn’t bother putting that job on your résumé anyway. Before you do quit, bear in mind that many internships are what you make of them. Crush whatever they give you to do, have a great attitude, ask to do more and demonstrate initiative. It will be invaluable experience and presumably in the field that you seek as a profession. If you don’t want to do that and you want to quit, well, go ahead. There are a shortage of lifeguards and that looks good on a résumé too. But lifeguards don’t stop swimming when the tide gets rough, and successful business people don’t quit either. In June, it was Pride Month. Before that, it was mental health awareness, which followed Asian Pacific heritage. Personally, I’m fed up with my company telling me each month what I should believe in, or celebrate, or how to feel. Can I voice my opinion that I don’t wish to partake in their special events without risking my career? July is National Ice Cream Month. Do you have something against ice cream too? If you don’t like the culture of your company or feel that they are trying to indoctrinate you or make you celebrate things that aren’t your values, you can do one of three things: speak up and try to change the culture, remain quiet and not participate, or leave. However, there is a big difference between a company that is taking a stance on a political issue and one that is celebrating and respecting humanity, cultures, different dimensions of diversity or well-being. You are very likely going to risk success by complaining about that at any company, and you may find it difficult to find happiness with any but the coldest organizations. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @GregGiangrande