Didn’t we already fix this? The early days of the Big Apple’s coronavirus vaccine rollout were plagued by incompatible computer systems provided by vendors that frequently crashed under high demand — so City Hall ordered up a home-built system that could handle the traffic. But that system, Vax4NYC, has inexplicably remained on the shelf while the Department of Health has once again opted to use vendors whose technology can’t keep up with demand for monkeypox shot appointments, frustrating activists and former city officials. “It’s astounding that one year after the city scrambled to get vaccinations up and running that they’re repeating every single mistake,” said one frustrated former city official. “The city can’t control how many monkey vaccinations they get. But they can control making sure they have a website that doesn’t crash.” The chorus of frustration reached a crescendo after computer problems plagued DOHMH’s attempt to release slots for all three rounds of monkeypox appointments offered so far. Pressure is mounting on local and federal authorities to overhaul their response to the monkeypox outbreak as cases continue to surge amid national inoculation shortages, repeated computer system meltdowns and widespread complaints about accessing testing and anti-viral medications to manage infections. The case count in the Big Apple hit 336 reported total cases on Wednesday, up 113 from the 223 reported on Monday. “Given the second monkeypox vax outage in as many weeks we should be asking why the city isn’t using the excellent vax4nyc site. Is it an ownership problem? Is a procurement issue,” asked Huge Ma, who built the wildly popular TurboVax website that helped New Yorkers navigate finding COVID shots during the early frustrating days of that roll-out. “Vax4NYC has been tested and proven over more than a year and we should be adapting it now for monkeypox. There’s no doubt it,” said Manhattan Borough President Mark Levine, who chaired the City Council’s public health committee during the first two years of the coronavirus pandemic. Representatives for DOHMH have repeatedly brushed aside questions about repurposing the COVID vaccination system, arguing a system designed to manage appointments for a two-dose vaccine regime and handle dozens of sites simultaneously (COVID) would be ill-fitted to handle a two-dose vaccine regime offered at three locations (monkeypox). Health Commissioner Ashwin Vasan reiterated those claims when asked by reporters why he’d opted against simply adapting the COVID system following the meltdown of the computer system provided by the DOHMH vendor, Affiliated Physicians. “It’s a different endeavor,” Vasan said, when pressed by reporters at an event in The Bronx. “That’s a mass vaccination program, citywide, which has a massive infrastructure associated with it.” He added that DOH was “building more stable vaccine appointment infrastructure as we speak” and that it is “working closely” with the agency that developed Vax4NYC. Experts and former city officials told The Post the argument makes little sense as a system capable of supporting a citywide vaccination effort should be easily able to handle the monkeypox program. “Of course they could take it off the shelf,” said a second former official, who laughed out loud when told about DOHMH’s explanation. Vax4NYC was built by city programmers and contractors at the then-Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications in just two weeks after the order came down from then-Mayor Bill de Blasio. His administration was responding to fierce criticism in early 2021 from across the spectrum as disparate and unlinked computer systems run by private city vendors were plagued by frequent crashes and often overwhelmed by the traffic as desperate New Yorkers sought the first doses of COVID vaccine. The agency, which is now merged into the Office of Technology and Innovation, did not respond to questions Wednesday about what involvement — if any — it’s had in the monkeypox fight. The public push comes Vasan’s agency suffered its third meltdown after switching provider in charge of monkeypox shot program over the weekend. DOHMH’s previous vendor, MedRite, also struggled to handle the web traffic and accidentally posted appointments early, triggering a free-for-all. Public health experts said that rush on the DOH’s registration systems has likely been exacerbated by the scarcity of monkeypox vaccination nationally. New York City will have only received roughly 21,000 shots of the two-dose JYNNEOS inoculation by the end of the week, enough to fully vaccinate less than 12,000 people in a city of 8.8 million. One million ready-to-ship shots in the national stockpile remain stuck in Denmark after the US Food and Drug Administration refused to allow their importation after it failed to inspect the plant — and has refused to accept European Union approvals it meets the same standards because it not perform the checks. “[I]f the FDA can’t authorize this in the next few days, Biden should overrule the FDA and accept the E.U.’s certification,” tweeted Councilman Erik Bottcher (D-Manhattan), joining the chorus of city politicians demanding the FDA allow the shots to be transported. In response to questions from The Post seeking additional clarification after Vasan’s statements Wednesday, DOHMH representatives argued that “Even adapting existing infrastructure can come with challenges.” “Work has already been underway to utilize our COVID appointment scheduling system, and we hope to have it ready as soon as the next round of appointments,” added spokesman Patrick Gallahue.