Peekaboo — this baby is ballin’ in Gucci and Versace, too. With a $1,200 solid-gold pacifier in his mouth and an $1,100 diamond-encrusted bracelet on his wrist, 1-year-old bundle of bling Jareem is obsessively pampered by his single, unemployed mom Kasey Akram — who would happily “walk around naked” to ensure her tot has “whatever he likes.” “As soon as I had my little boy, my obsession changed from how I looked to focusing on my son,” Akram, 32, explained to South West News Service. “What Jareem wants Jareem gets — the last pair of shoes I bought myself were [$1.21] Primark flip-flops, and on the same day, I bought him Gucci [sneakers],” added the former model-turned-mom, from Sheffield, South Yorkshire, in the UK. In addition to his designer shoes, the diapered darling often dons a $900 Versace chain along with his collection of costly jewels — at least the pricey pieces he hasn’t tossed yet. “I spent [$1,200] on a solid-gold [binky], and he chucked it in the middle of town and lost it. I cried for three days,” said the overindulgent mom of one. Over the past year, she has also shelled out a whopping $240 to have baby Jareem’s palm read in order to learn his favorite color. “Whatever he likes, he gets. And if I can’t afford it, I ring his dad and get the money,” said Akram. “I’m not working at the moment. I do all this on benefits and the help of my ex-partner.” Akram — who admittedly didn’t want kids prior to the COVID-19 outbreak — became pregnant with Jareem in 2020. And she’s since lavished the boss babe with pricey apparel, extravagant accessories and luxury accommodations. “Apparently I’m too soft with him, but if you had a child in the middle of the pandemic, you would be the same,” said the obliging mom, who bathes her lucky little one in a tub of milk and honey several times a week. Jareem is also regularly treated to an all-organic breakfast in his $363 designer bed each morning at 6 a.m., followed by a delightful screening of “Peppa Pig” (on the TV that Akram moved from their living room into his bedroom) and a soothing baby-oil massage. And the pampered prince’s palate is just as refined as his daily routine. “He’s never seen a slice of white bread in his life, and what I eat he eats — he likes olives, he likes grilled peppers,“ said the doting mom. And Akram, fearing certain chemicals in tap water might cause her baby to sprout breasts, will stop at nothing to ensure Jareem’s water supply is purified. “He’s never drunk tap water in his life,” she boasted. “I [fired] my nanny because she gave him tap water.” And although Akram — who gleefully gifts Jareem with stylish haircuts and mini pedicures — is happy to fulfill the boy’s every wish, some of her friends disagree with her opulent devotion. “He’s the loveliest little boy in the world and I’ve fallen out with friends over how much I’ve spent on him,” she said, confessing that when her bed broke, she slept on a mattress on the floor and purchased Jareem a bed frame shaped like a tractor. “If I want to spend the money on my son, that’s my choice,” Akram insisted. “I don’t care if I walk around in Primark shoes as long as my prince has the best.” And the overindulgent mama plans to baby Jareem for the rest of his life — even when he’s all grown up and takes a wife. “His dad always says that when he turns 18, he’ll get a girlfriend and move out, but I say, ‘No, we’ll have bunk beds when he’s too old to share a bed with me,’ ” said Akram. “I always ask [Jareem] if he gets a girlfriend when he’s older and she doesn’t like me if he’ll kick her out, and he says, ‘Yes,’ ” she gushed. “When he finally gets married, his wife is going to hate me.”