She’s twerking overtime for your votes. A Rhode Island state senator is getting ridiculed for posting a campaign video of her twerking upside down in a barely-there bikini. Democrat Tiara Mack, 28, used her official district TikTok page on the Fourth of July to post the saucy clip of her shaking her booty while in a headstand on a beach. “That ass, that ass, that ass!” someone can be heard saying admiringly, before Mack — wearing a skimpy yellow bikini — turns to the camera and begs, “Vote Senator Mack!” The state senator advertised the clip as “a promised senator thirst trap at Block Island .” It was just one she posted in the revealing outfit during her beach trip, with another asking “how many nip slips” she was allowed. “You already have three,” one of her friends teased Mack, who describes herself as a “Black, queer woman.” Mack’s twerk quickly racked up more than 70,000 views, with one admirer saying, “I need to see more politicians doing [this].” “Tempted to move to RI just to say this is my senator. ” another fan wrote, as others said she had sealed their support. Naysayers, however, quickly ripped her for needing to rely on a tacky stunt to get votes. “If this is what’s running for our country, we are in serious trouble,” one commentator wrote, while another said, “If her opponent doesn’t use this video, do they even want to win??” Another accused her of having “set the race back YEARS with this,” while another told her, “I don’t ever wanna hear you complain about how ‘women aren’t respected in this country’ after posting this.” Tucker Carlson was among those poking fun at Mack’s performance, playing the clip on his Fox News show and saying sarcastically that her “demonstrated talent” proved she was “the next rising star in the Democratic Party. “We saw Tiara Mack, head in the sand, twerking, and we thought, ‘Man — that’s the Democratic Party,'” he quipped. Mack was unrepentant, keeping up the clip and replying to critics — and even posting a video claiming that her twerk had been a powerful illustration of “body autonomy.” “The conversations about my body twerking upside down are directly correlated to the conversation that’s happening in the United States right now” after the overturning of Roe v. Wade, she reckoned. “The crux of the conversation about abortion is about body autonomy,” she said, also linking it to trans rights and inter-sex rights. She also shared a message from a supporter who claimed that critics were only coming after Mack because “she’s a young queer Black leader & a fierce champion for repro rights” — a message that ended with requests for campaign donations.