“Jeopardy!” fans didn’t hold back in slamming the iconic game show over its latest controversy. Viewers are calling out the program’s contestants over their lack of pop culture knowledge after they missed a clue about world-famous, Grammy-winning singer Taylor Swift during Wednesday’s episode. As the episode reached the halfway mark, returning champ Matt Mierswa, who hails from New Jersey, asked for a clue worth $400 in the “title that completes the rhyme” category, which quizzes players on their song knowledge. Host Ken Jennings did his best trying not to belt out the famous tune, and instead, he hinted, “And I’m just like oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh, you need to just stop, like can you just not, step on my gown?” But the clue clearly fell on deaf ears, as Mierswa stood with a blank expression on his face. Viewers became more frustrated after the other contestants didn’t know the answer either. After saying Mierswa time was up, Jennings told the players, “I really wish this was Johnny [Gilbert] reading these. This is You Need to Calm Down by Taylor Swift.” Fans of the 11-time Grammy Award-winning singer were understandably disappointed in no one being able to name the song. Viewers rushed to Twitter to slam the contestants, with one tweeting, ” Everyone who makes it on to #Jeopardy clearly has a crown in my book, but I cannot calm down when there is a triple stumper Taylor Swift clue.” “Taylor goes unanswered at the top of the board! I think you could throw around “You Need to Calm Down” in a lot of different ways regarding #Jeopardy,” another wrote. “None of the jeopardy contestants got the Taylor Swift clue shut the whole show down,” a third fumed. Another added, “NOBODY GOT THE TAYLOR SWIFT QUESTION ON JEOPARDY??? boooooooooo.” Despite the hiccup, Mierswa still managed to come in first place with $26,644 worth of winnings during Wednesday’s episode. It comes as fans of the long-running trivia show also went wild over Jennings’ crude joke on air during the July 18 episode.