MONTREAL — Rangers president and general manager Chris Drury made his first trade of the offseason Thursday, ahead of the 2022 NHL Draft, when he unloaded backup goaltender Alexandar Georgiev and acquired three draft picks in return. After five seasons in New York, Georgiev is headed to Colorado for a chance to play for the 2022 Stanley Cup champions, the Avalanche. The Rangers acquired two selections in the 2022 draft, in the third round and the fifth round (Nos. 97 and 161) as well as a 2023 third-rounder. Barring other trades, the deal gave the Rangers six picks in the draft, all in rounds 2-6, which will take place Friday, the second day of the event at Bell Centre. Drury was able to finesse a decent haul of picks for the signing rights to Georgiev, whose $2.65 million qualifying offer as a restricted free agent was not an option for the cap-strapped Rangers. Since the qualifying offer was unaffordable and Georgiev was primed to become an unrestricted free agent, this was the most ideal situation for the Rangers. Word is that goalie Darcy Kuemper, who started in all but four games of the Avalanche’s Stanley Cup run this past season, will hit the free-agent market on Wednesday. Georgiev will get a fresh start with a contending team and will have a chance to compete for the starting spot (or share the net) with Pavel Francouz. The Avalanche would not have given up three picks if they did not have the intention of signing Georgiev. Georgiev never seemed content with a backup role on the Rangers. The undrafted Bulgarian-born netminder happened to land in New York at an inopportune time. The first three seasons of his career marked the end of the Henrik Lundqvist era, and the last two were the start of Igor Shesterkin’s reign. As a result of inconsistent playing time and having to stand in the shadows of Lundqvist and Shesterkin, Georgiev struggled mightily over the last two seasons. His .898 save percentage in 2021-22 was a career low. It was accumulated over 33 games (28 starts), in which he posted a 2.92 goals-against average. In 129 games with the Rangers, Georgiev finished with a 58-48-11 record, a 2.94 GAA and a .908 save percentage. The Rangers are now on the hunt for a No. 2 goalie, who would ideally have a price tag in the $1 million range, given their cap situation. Some names who are available include Martin Jones, Thomas Greiss and Charlie Lindgren, who is Rangers defenseman Ryan Lindgren’s brother.