Former model Kate Fischer sobbed as she told a court of the horrors she went through when a video of her screaming naked was aired on television. Fischer, who legally changed her name to Tziporah Malkah after she converted to Judaism, faced Sutherland Local Court in Australia on Thursday for a sentence for breaching a court order. The 48-year-old, former fiancee of billionaire James Packer, took to the witness stand where she told the court she got into an argument with a man while naked, which she said he filmed without her knowledge. Months later, the former Vogue cover girl was at the pub when the video came on television. “We were eating fish and chips and a big screen they had came on and it was footage he had filmed of me unbeknown to me without my permission,” she said. “It was me naked flailing my arms around looking like a lunatic.” Malkah sobbed as she described the betrayal and humiliation she felt as she watched the footage. “I was in a puddle of disbelief and feeling that the world turned upside down and the world that I thought that I lived in wasn’t true,” Malkah said as tears rolled down her face. The former model said the footage still haunts her. “When I walk into the shopping mall and this is on my mind, I’m getting bread and milk and eggs like a normal person and I feel so ashamed,” Malkah told the court. “I think ‘who’s seen that? who’s looking at me? who’s thinking I’m crazy and dangerous and unstable?’” Malkah has had multiple jobs including in traffic control and aged care, but is currently unemployed. “I live from hand to mouth week to week, I borrow money from my family and friends. I struggle every day,” she said. The court was told she repeatedly made attempts to give a statement to police for three months, but was constantly turned away, with police telling her she was “listening to Chinese whispers”. It wasn’t until she was in Ulladulla on the NSW south coast and finally made a statement to a police officer about the sharing of the video. The court last week found Malkah guilty of breaching the court order when the posted the police statement online. The former cover girl was prohibited from posting any information about the man online but published a number of posts on social media where she referred to the man as an “a**hat”, “d*** for brains”, and “f***head”. The man captured screenshots of the posts and complained to police, saying Malkah used three social media accounts to post a redacted photo of the statement she had given to police. The former actor, who starred alongside Elle Macpherson and Portia de Rossi in the film Sirens, was found guilty by Magistrate Jennifer Atkinson of breaching the court order. Atkinson told Malkah she was a woman of good character and had good prospects of rehabilitation. The magistrate told the court the former model had a “very traumatic experience” but it does not excuse what she did. “The publication of material of you was unclothed, that I accept was incredibly distressing and clearly still is for you,” Atkinson said. She warned Malkah breaching a court order could lead to two years imprisonment but did not convict her and placed her on a good behavior bond for two years. Outside the court, she told media she felt relieved the court matter had come to an end because she “didn’t pack for jail.” However, she said was disappointed in the television networks for airing the video. “You don’t do that to somebody,” Malkah said. The former fiancee of James Packer said most people underestimate how much she has been hurt because she is so outspoken. “When she said to me ‘you know, I can put you in jail for two years I felt sick to my stomach … I was scared I was going to be another woman who gets dudded by the system,” Malkah said through tears. “I’m relieved but I’m also really disappointed because I just think ‘what about other women?’.” “This is setting a precedent and it just really sucks for other women.” Malkah is the eldest daughter of former Minister Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault, Pru Goward. She shot to fame at 13 when she was featured on the cover of Dolly magazine, which propelled her into a life of modeling where she became the Australian It-girl of the 90s. She featured in Vogue and acted in blockbuster films alongside stars like Hugh Grant. Malkah was a regular feature in tabloids during her high-profile relationship with billionaire James Packer, to whom she was engaged for two years. She disappeared from the public eye after a stint on I’m a Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here, but has since announced she has launched an OnlyFans account featuring subscriber-only content.