After being banned from her kid’s sporting games because of her OnlyFans account, Sara Cheek never thought being featured on the cover of For Him Magazine would be in her future. “I’m a size 8, with DD boobs, stretch marks and thick thighs, but I’m on the cover of a men’s magazine,” she told The Post. “I can’t believe that’s me. And I’m so honored.” Cheek had moved to Tampa, Florida, with her husband, Matt, and their three children in 2019. However, after Matt was injured at work and COVID forced her to shut her hair salon’s doors, she turned to social media, where she had amassed thousands of followers. “OnlyFans started for me after I had gone viral on TikTok,” she explained. “I had a bunch of my following ask if I had an OnlyFans; once I did the research on what that was, I decided to give it a try.” “Giving it a try” led to the then-29-year-old making around $7,000 in one day. “From that point on it continued to grow, especially once I started adding adult content with my husband,” she explained. It wasn’t an easy road to OnlyFans success for Cheek, who admitted the journey in making the cover of FHM Sweden was difficult — especially after her daughter’s cheerleading coach allegedly discovered her online presence and exposed her “secret” to the community. “She made the organization ban me [from watching games], then bullied my 7-year-old daughter and had them kick my two sons off as well,” she claimed. “Something that was being conducted in privacy was blasted for all the parents to know and judge without ever speaking to me or knowing otherwise.” However, Cheek said she did what was best for her family and is proud of how she handled the situation. “At a time that my family was facing hardship and there were zero options, as everything was shut down, I took an opportunity to do something unconventional to provide for them and make sure they were taken care of,” she explained to The Post. Cheek said that although her family doesn’t live a “cookie-cutter life,” she’s still a wife and a mother — and her profession shouldn’t impact how her family is treated. “I can make sex videos with my husband, take my kids to hockey, pursue a modeling career, be a sports analyst and have morals,” she said. “My husband is extremely supportive, the kids know what they need to know at their age, and my extended family is proud of me.” Cheek said she “couldn’t contain her emotions” after seeing herself on the cover of the magazine. “This is something I dreamed of as a little girl, and something I thought would be impossible after having kids,” she gushed. “I have curves and I’m a voluptuous woman; it’s refreshing to see something like that, it gives women that look like me the ability to look in the mirror and not pick themselves apart because they aren’t a size 0. “I built an empire beyond OnlyFans. I made a name for myself and am paving the way for other women to embrace their body, be a mom and have it all — and normalize being sexy.”