This woman took the term “special delivery” to new limits. Lucy Jones of Bristol, England, got a big surprise last month when she gave birth to her daughter, Ruby, in a bathroom — and the new mom claims she never even knew she was pregnant. The 22-year-old — who “believed” she had recently gotten her period — said she had just hit the toilet with plans of “pushing out a poo” when she “heard a crash and looked down, and there was two feet sticking out of the toilet.” The trainee flight attendant admitted she had experienced minor back and stomach pains one night before but thought nothing of it. Jones opened up to Kennedy News service about her wild experience, insisting she was taking birth control daily. “I had no idea I was pregnant until I saw the baby in the toilet,” the shocked mama said, adding that she immediately dialed 911 for an ambulance. Turns out the EMTs were equally stunned: “I was hysterically screaming, ‘There’s a baby’! — and they were expecting there to be a miscarriage, not a full-sized, 7-pound baby in their kitchen sink.” Jones had even passed a “fit to fly” exam just weeks before delivery and took two pregnancy tests, both coming back negative. She also drank socially throughout the nine months, went to the gym often, had several nights out and worked about 70 hours a week. The “terrified” yet unsuspecting mom barely showed signs of a bump during her pregnancy. Despite her daughter’s “magical arrival,” Jones is embracing motherhood, describing the 4-month-old as “happy” and “chilled.” “I didn’t have any pain. No one could believe that. I had my backache and tummy-ache, but there wasn’t actually any pain when I was physically, what I thought was pushing out a poo,” the UK native said. She then wrapped Ruby in a towel and placed her in the sink. She called her parents to her home and phoned an ambulance. “I didn’t know what had hit me. It was just the shock. I felt numb in a way,” Jones added. When her parents came over, she explained that everything went “blurry” due to the trauma. She doesn’t remember what happened after the experience and regained some sort of consciousness once she woke up at the hospital later that afternoon. Her kitchen looked like “a murder scene,” because when Jones “ran from the toilet to the kitchen to get my phone, the [umbilical] cord had snapped, and there was just blood leaking out.” Her family didn’t believe the story once her father called them to tell them the happy news. “Even now as a family, we still can’t get our heads around what happened. There’s still moments where we’re like ‘wow,’ ” Jones pointed out. “It’s one of the stories that you read about, but you never think it would be you, your friend or someone you know.” Jones then remarked how others “don’t believe” her story, and others have “shamed other people thinking, ‘How did they not know that they were pregnant?’ “ “Whereas now I’ve actually lived through it, I kind of regret thinking that as I know what other people have been through now,” she said. “It is a real thing, it does happen.”