Disgraced South Carolina legal scion Alex Murdaugh was charged Thursday with the double murder of his wife and son on their sprawling family farm last year. Murdaugh, 54 — a fourth-generation lawyer from a powerful legal family — was indicted on two counts of murder and two counts of weapons possession in the grisly shooting deaths of Maggie Murdaugh, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, the state’s district attorney, Alan Wilson, announced. Murdaugh was allegedly tied to the killings via blood spatter on his clothing along with a video that put him at the murder scene, according to reports His wife and son were gunned down near a dog kennel on the family’s 1,700-acre hunting estate in Islandton with at least two separate guns — a rifle and a shotgun — on June 7, 2021. The elder Murdaugh called 911 and frantically told a dispatcher he had returned home to find the bullet-riddled bodies of his loved ones. He claimed to have a solid alibi, saying he’d been visiting his dying father in the hospital and checking on his elderly mom when the double slaying unfolded. But on Thursday, a source told CNN  that blood spatter was found on Murdaugh’s clothing — a sign he may have been close to at least one of his family members when they were shot. The source confirmed an earlier report in the local outlet FITSNews, which noted “high-velocity” impact spatter was found on the shirt he’d worn that night. Investigators also have cellphone video that puts him near the murder scene at the time of the killings, contradicting his alibi claims, according to NBC. After his wife and son were murdered, the prominent lawyer was hit with dozens of charges over his finances, including allegedly stealing millions and faking his own murder in a botched insurance scam to collect $10 million for his surviving son, Buster. Murdaugh — who has since blamed his crimes on drug addiction — also stands accused of scamming millions of dollars from the family of his longtime housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield, 57, who died under suspicious circumstances at his home in 2018. In total, he faces at least 71 charges that he stole $8.5 million from clients. The law firm founded by his family has also alleged that Murdaugh was fired after stealing money from the firm. The fallen legal scion was charged last month with allegedly laundering millions of dollars  in a scheme to distribute the painkiller oxycodone. At the time of his death, Paul Murdaugh was awaiting trial in the 2019 drunken boating death of a young woman. On Tuesday, Murdaugh was formally disbarred in South Carolina and was reportedly informed that he’d be charged with the murders of his wife and son.