The doomed boat that capsized in the Hudson River, killing two, was crammed with at least 13 people on board even though the vessel was only large enough to hold 12 at most, The Post has learned. The 24-foot-long Yamaha AR240, named Stimulus Money, that Lindelia Vasquez, 50, chartered to take her relatives on a tour of the New York Harbor on Tuesday afternoon had a maximum capacity of 12, or about 2,698 pounds, according to specs listed on Hardcore Marine. Hours after the initial incident, which killed Vasquez and her 7-year-old relative Julian Vasquez, police officials said at a press conference just 12 people were on board the vessel. But late Wednesday, cops revealed there were at least 13 onboard, proving it was overloaded. While police sources said there are “no immediate signs of criminality” in the tragedy, flouting a vessel’s capacity restrictions could land the charter company, the boat’s owner or operator in hot water, attorney and maritime safety advocate Jeffrey Goodman told The Post. “There are responsibilities that exist for the charter company, for the vessel owner and the operator. Who did what wrong here, I can’t say,” said Goodman, a partner attorney with Saltz Mongeluzzi & Bendesky who has represented victims from a host of boating tragedies, including the 2012 sinking of a pleasure craft on Oyster Bay that killed three kids. “A lot of times you’ll get boat operators who’ll take the viewpoint, ‘It’s a bunch of little kids so it doesn’t matter,’ which is completely inconsistent with regulations … Children versus adults does not change the safety threshold when it comes to overloading.” It’s not immediately clear how many children were on board the Stimulus Money, but there was at least one. US Coast Guard officials previously told The Post a host of mishaps can lead to a boat capsizing, including excess speed, negligent operation and mechanical failures, but Goodman said it’s primarily caused by a weight issue, a wave issue and most often, a combination of the two. “If a boat is capsizing onto its side, it’s indicative of either how the weight was distributed on that boat or how waves struck that boat,” said Goodman. “It would be some combination of either the weight on the vessel and how it was distributed or the waves striking the vessel, whether it be the wakes of others or the weather.” Police sources initially suspected the wake of a passing ferry boat led it to capsize, but a spokesperson for NY Waterways adamantly denied that was possible — and said its closest ferry was four minutes away from the tragedy at the time it occurred. “That’s a very large distance from which there could be no discernible wake,” spokesperson Wiley Norvell claimed. The National Weather Service had a small craft advisory in effect at the time of the accident, citing 15-mph winds and 2-foot waves, but those conditions were reported near the Verrazzano Bridge off the coast of Staten Island, closer to the ocean. Buoys that register tides, currents and winds closer to the tragedy showed more placid conditions, according to the USCG. The Post has been unable to reach the boat’s owner, who was traveling behind the vessel on a jetski at the time of the tragedy. When NYPD Commissioner Keechant Sewell announced at a press conference following the incident that two people had died in the accident, the boat’s owner was in the crowd listening and was captured falling to his knees, sobbing in grief.