Armie Hammer — hotel concierge? Not quite. A viral tweet swarmed the social media platform earlier this week claiming that the disgraced actor, 35, was moonlighting as a concierge for a resort in the Cayman Islands. The tweet — which has seemingly since been deleted — was posted by user Muna Mire, a producer on the Showtime comedy “Desus & Mero.” Mire shared a fake flyer showing the “Death on the Nile” star working at Morritt’s Resort. “My friend’s parents went on vacation in the Cayman Islands and Armie Hammer was their concierge,” the Twitter post read. However, according to Variety, Hammer’s lawyer, Andrew Brettler, and an anonymous hotel worker stated that the post was indeed fake. The staffer, a 12-year employee, said that he sent the pamphlet to a few rooms as a prank. The Photoshopped leaflet noted: “I am your personal concierge and am here to help you get the very best from your vacation.” The paper also mentioned several discount vouchers available — and even suggested that Hammer, who is a frequent visitor of the tropical islands, can arrange excursions for guests that include “swimming with wild turtles,” snorkeling and diving outings, and “reasonable prices for bioluminescence and fishing trips.” Some employees who reportedly golf with the “Social Network” actor — who grew up visiting the Cayman Islands — apparently created the flyer as a joke. The confessant worker, described as “chipper” by Variety, said the gag has garnered significant buzz and claimed he’s gotten many phone calls because of it, adding that he could “only dream of this sort of publicity.” There was no word, however, on how the resort felt about the prank. Hammer, allegedly a guest at the hotel, has encountered a bumpy road in the last year, as he was accused of sexual assault and cannibalism. He has denied all claims against him. The “Call Me by Your Name” actor was let go from the Jennifer Lopez flick “Shotgun Wedding,” and the Paramount+ TV series “The Offer.” He was also dropped by his talent agency, WME, and his publicist following the controversy.