When was the last time you had a truly great night’s sleep? If you can’t answer that question, you might be one of the 50-to-70 million Americans affected by sleep-related problems. However, a good night’s rest may be easier to achieve than you’d think. In fact, one of the best ways to train your brain and body to achieve truly restful sleep is by discovering a more comfortable sleep position with the Yana Sleep Body Pillow. The Yana Sleep Pillow exists to end sleepless nights. That’s because it’s designed with your comfort in mind, and is made with all-natural shredded latex that can be added or removed at any time to customize the level of firmness. Just remove Yana’s cover, unzip its inner pillow, and adjust the filling as you see fit. The result is an organic sleep pillow that wraps around your body and contours to your curves so you fall asleep feeling held and wake up feeling transformed. Yana is on a mission to elevate your sleep routine by inviting comfort and security into bed with you. Your customizable Yana Sleep Body Pillow will ensure you get the very best sleep every time you close your eyes. But there’s more to this pillow than its filling. The Yana Pillow uses a combination of organic cotton and bamboo velour to make sure you stay cool and comfortable all night, every night. If you’re a person who suffers from hot flashes or sensitive skin, it will revolutionize how you sleep. Its design offers full-body support without ever losing its shape. Most importantly, it’s big enough to accommodate two people without having to sacrifice the comfort you’ll become accustomed to. The Yana Sleep Body Pillow is crafted to endure the ebb and flow of life’s unexpected events. That’s why its designers made sure Yana Pillow’s care is low-maintenance. Like all of your bedding, you’re going to want to wash Yana Pillow’s removable cover fairly often. To do this use a gentle detergent, and wash your pillow cover in cold to warm water on a gentle cycle. This will preserve the integrity of the Yana Pillow’s cover for years to come. However, the real secret to keeping your Yana Pillow looking as good as new is how you reapply the cover after washing it. Slip the cover gently over your Yana Pillow in the same way you would if you were pulling up pantyhose. Doing this prevents any unsightly stretching, so your Yana Pillow maintains the integrity of its shape. It’s time to say “yes” to the best sleep of your life with the Yana Sleep Body Pillow. Financing is currently available, which puts life-changing sleep within reach for everyone. So buy a Yana Sleep Body Pillow today, and make restless nights a thing of the past. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.