An investment firm said on Wednesday that Twitter’s lawsuit against Elon Musk “poses a credible threat to Musk’s empire,” sending the social media site’s stock surging. The short-selling firm, Hindenburg Research, also said in a tweet that it had taken a long position in Twitter shares — an about-face from May, when the firm said it had taken a short position, saying at the time that Musk “holds all the cards” in his face-off with Twitter. The news comes less than 24 hours after Twitter sued Elon Musk in a Delaware court, accusing the world’s richest man of trying to “trash the company, disrupt its operations, destroy stockholder value, and walk away” and seeking to force him to purchase the site for $44 billion. “We have accumulated a significant long position in shares of Twitter. Twitter’s complaint poses a credible threat to Musk’s empire,” Hindenburg said. Twitter shares closed up 7.9% on Wednesday at $36.74. The tweet didn’t elaborate on the firm’s position. Hindenburg Research has a track record of writing market-moving takedowns of tech-adjacent firms it believes are fraudulent or over-valued, including electric vehicles firms Nikola and Lordstown Motors, as well as healthcare “meme stock” Clover Health. Musk said Friday that he was walking away from his deal to take over the company due to concerns about bots. Many legal analysts have predicted that Twitter will have the upper hand in its legal battle with Musk. In May, Hindenburg Research had written that Musk could threaten to walk away in order to make the company’s board agree to a lower purchase price. Days later, Musk first announced that he was putting the deal “on hold,” sending Twitter’s stock price tanking and leading Hindenburg’s founder to take a victory lap. Yet the company’s share price indicates that investors are still skeptical that the deal will close at the original price and instead see a settlement or renegotiation as more likely, according to Wedbush Securities managing director Dan Ives. “The stock is now factoring in some significant chance that Musk will ultimately have to pay Twitter a settlement well north of $1 billion and in a possible scenario ultimately still have to buy the company at the agreed upon price at $54.20,” Ives said in a note on Wednesday. With Post wires