New York Post readers can get their hands on a load of great betting offers and promotions ahead of the MLB All-Star Game 2022. Check out how to claim, and get involved in the action.  The 2022 MLB All-Star Game is set for Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium. It is the 92nd edition of the Midsummer Classic, and the American League is riding an eight-game winning streak. They’ve won 20 of the last 24 All-Star Games, though the AL’s lead in the all-time series is a modest 46-43-2. Los Angeles Angels two-way superstar Shohei Ohtani will lead off the Midsummer Classic at Dodger Stadium for the visiting American League, followed by MLB home run leader Aaron Judge and Boston Red Sox third baseman Rafael Devers. Meanwhile, Atlanta Braves outfielder Ronald Acuna Jr. will lead things off for the National League, with Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Mookie Betts in the two-hole and San Diego Padres third baseman Manny Machado in the third spot. Dodgers southpaw Clayton Kershaw will take the mound first in his home ballpark. It’s the first time in Kershaw’s nine All-Star Games appearances that he’s gotten the starting nod. His starting pitcher counterpart is Tampa Bay Rays left-hander Shane McClanahan, who is making his All-Star Game debut. First pitch of the 2022 Midsummer Classic is set for 8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, with the game broadcast live on ESPN.  A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first wager, up to a value of $1,100. All you have to do is follow the link above, and use the promo code NPBONUS15 in order to claim. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $1000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet, or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. By using the PointsBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get up to $2000 in risk free bets. These come in the form of two different bets, with one risk free $500 fixed-odds bet, the regular way of betting. The other is a risk-free bet up to $1500 on PointsBetting bets. For those unfamiliar to PointsBetting, it’s a brand-new way to bet that was first introduced by PointsBet themselves. Plain and simple, using the BetRivers Sportsbook promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get a first deposit match up to $250. BetRivers sign up offer is one of the easiest to claim, and with a healthy amount of free bets to play with, this gives new customers the best way to get involved in the NFL Draft. By using the WynnBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get $200 in free bets. Fancy the American League to continue their dominance? Wager $10 on The MLB All Star Game at odds of -120 or greater, and you’ll receive $200 in free bets! 