The Biden administration has signaled its intention to punish Texas border agents who were falsely accused of “whipping” Haitian migrants last year. The Daily Caller reported Friday that U.S. Customs and Border Protection has proposed charging the agents with “poor judgement” and “unsafe conduct” in connection with the viral incident, though those suggestions have not yet been finalized. The Post previously reported that the September 2021 encounter near Del Rio, which made international headlines and sparked a political firestorm, was the subject of an administrative investigation by CBP’s Office of Personal Responsibility. In widely circulated photos, agents were shown using their horses to block the migrants from illegally crossing the Rio Grande into the US from Mexico. The agents were later falsely accused of deploying their reins to whip the fleeing migrants. President Joe Biden addressed the controversy at the time and repeated the bogus “whipping” claims. “To see people treated like they did, horses barely running over, people being strapped –- it’s outrageous,” Biden told reporters. “I promise you, those people will pay.” Vice President Kamala Harris also harshly condemned the agents’ actions, which she said reminded her of “times of slavery.” The Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General ultimately declined to press charges against the Texas agents, handing the matter over to OPR. Speaking to The Post in June, Brandon Judd, president of the Border Patrol union, said the agent will face “administrative violations.” “The proposals can range anywhere from a letter of reprimand to termination. I have heard that no terminations are coming,” he said. The union boss accused Biden of politicizing and swaying the probe. “You had a president of the United States, without any evidence, without any investigation whatsoever, he said, ‘They will pay,’ ” Judd said. “The moment he said that, [probers] had to find some sort of fault. They had no choice. Because [the investigators] are Executive Branch employees, they’re not going to buck the president of the United States. It’s not hard to try and drum up some sort of charge.”