A disturbed teenage girl who allegedly killed her older sister told cops she “would have killed someone sooner” if she knew she would get to eat McDonald’s, according to reports. Claire Miller, 14, was provided with the fast-food breakfast after she was accused of fatally stabbing her 19-year-old disabled sister, Helen, in 2021, according to the Patriot-News. “Oooh, McDonald’s,” Manheim Township police officer John Martin said Miller told police during a Tuesday court hearing. “I would have killed someone sooner if I knew I was going to get McDonald’s.” While sitting in her juvenile detention cell, she also admitted she “Michael Myers-ed” her sister, referring to the character from the 1978 horror movie “Halloween.” The frightening comment came when Miller heard her cellphone go off with the movie’s theme song, according to the Patriot-News. The strange revelations came out during a hearing this week to determine whether Miller, now 16, should be tried as an adult after she was accused of killing her sleeping sister in her bed with a kitchen knife in the family home last year. Any homicide charge in Pennsylvania begins in adult court, but can be petitioned to juvenile court, where greater emphasis is put on treatment, the newspaper reported. Police responded shortly after 1 a.m. to the family home, where Miller came outside in bloody pants and with blood on her hands. She told police repeatedly, “I stabbed my sister,” the Patriot-News reported, citing court records. The prosecution and defense offered diverging testimony and arguments about whether Miller should be tried as an adult or a juvenile and if she can be rehabilitated, according to local reports. “We love both of them. I know Claire did not mean to do this. We lost Helen and we don’t want to lose Claire too,” mother Marie Miller testified Monday, according to WGAL. “We don’t want her to be punished, not get help and be put away for a long period for something that was out of her control. We can’t lose her too.” The older sister had cerebral palsy and was wheelchair-bound, according to WGAL. Two psychiatrists said in court Miller suffered from psychosis, depression and anxiety, with Miller telling them she heard voices that even led her to try to slash her own throat the night her sister was killed, WGAL reported. Prosecutors argued that text messages show Miller wanted to hurt others. Assistant District Attorney Amy Muller argued in court that Miller was “a kid who had it all but was obsessed with homicide,” WGAL reported.