A northern-NSW woman has opened up about how Australia Post found her missing gold ring after it slipped out of an envelope during delivery. Jenny Frecklington-Jones took to Twitter on Monday to share the incredible journey of a 9ct gold ring she has owned for more than 20 years. The ring with engraved crescent moons and stars was gifted to a 14-year-old Frecklington-Jones by a boy she had been dating at the time. When she ended the relationship she returned the ring to the boy and didn’t see it for two decades. “Fast forward 20 years, I ran into his sister who was wearing the ring and she returned it to me,” Frecklington-Jones wrote. Believing the ring had some kind of lucky properties, over the years she began to lend it to friends who had a phobia of flying. ”’It’ll always comes back to me safely,’ I’d say, and it kept coming back,” she said. On one occasion, she had been dating a writer in Brisbane for a few weeks before he moved to Perth. When the departure day came, he revealed he had a fear of flying. She handed him the ring and said, “Here, take this, send it back to me in the fullness of time”. “It’s been all over the world keeping travellers safe. And it always comes back to me. Keep it as long as you need,’” she assured him before slipping the ring onto his little finger and bidding him farewell. The man let her know a few months later that he had returned the ring to her by post. “One night I checked the mailbox and there was an empty paper envelope addressed to me with ragged half moon cut marks all along the bottom and then a perfect round hole where the ring had escaped,” she recalled. “I couldn‘t think why [he] had not used a padded bag but … some men, hey?” She decided to contact Australia Post using an online contact form to explain what it looked like, where it was traveling from and to where. “I got a rather perfunctory note back saying someone at Aus Post would look into it,” she said. Frecklington-Jones said she held out “absolutely no hope” that anyone at Australia Post cared or that the ring would be found. Though just a few days a later, she received an email saying her beloved ring had been found at the bottom of a sorting machine in Adelaide. “I have packaged the ring properly and it is on its way back to you,” the Australia Post staffer wrote. Within two days, the ring arrived in her mailbox. “There are some absolutely amazing people working for Australia Post,” she said.