While Amazon Prime Day 2022 is a beast of its own, another retail is making deal-driven strides: Target. Everyone’s favorite place to run errands to (and shop online, TBH) has whipped out incredible deals that are on par with Amazon’s two-day retailer event on July 12 and 13. Whether you’re looking for a snazzy outdoor patio furniture set, a new shampoo (or two!) to try or odds and ends to complete your kitchen setup, Target is well-equipped with inventory — in fact, very equipped. According to a June press release from Target, the retailer has a stringent plan to optimize its inventory. Luckily for us, as consumers this “includes additional markdowns,” per the release. Target Deal Days are back this year on Target.com and through the retailer’s app from July 11 to July 13, where shoppers can receive mega savings across every single category in their store, such as fashion, beauty, home goods, electronics, grocery items, toys and games and more. “Target’s Deal Days event coincides with Amazon’s Prime Day,” Kristin McGrath, shopping expert and editor of The Real Deal by RetailMeKnot, told the New York Post. “One unique deal Target has announced is that it will offer a $10 Target gift card when you spend $50 on food and beverages.” Here’s an overview of some deals you can find on Target’s site these next three days: Ahead, shop the 20 best items from Target’s competing Prime Day sale. At Target, Bowflex’s T7 Treadmill is 50% off for a limited time. Not only is it the best treadmill we rounded up this year but it includes a 7″ console to stream your favorite content, a slim Bluetooth-enabled heart-rate armband and more than 50 global routes to “travel” when running or walking at an incline. Take 25% off Takeya’s reusable water bottles at Target now if you’re looking for a practical snag during this sale. You’ll be inspired to drink more water, too, and the stainless steel hydrator comes in many different colors to choose from. Now is the time to buy that soft, splendid mattress while it’s on sale. For $40 off, Lucid’s Essence 8″ SureCool Gel Memory Foam Mattress comes in twin to king sizing (excluding twin XL) and boasts a wonderful hypoallergenic and cooling design. For more than $100 off, Vizio’s phenomenal V-Series 65″ Smart TV is on sale and ready for you to pick up. Its full array of backlit LEDS are evenly distributed for supreme picture quality and uniformity and it includes built-in SmartCast and Apple AirPlay 2, too, so you can watch your favorite content. Behold: the magical, beloved and fan-favorite KitchenAid Stand Mixer. It’s $50 off right now, comes in a few different colors and, when paired with some baking dishes, you’ll be whipping up fresh batters and batches like a pro. We’re amazed at Costway’s sale right now. Pick up its 4-Piece Outdoor Rattan Furniture Set ASAP if you’re looking for some new outdoor patio furniture to adorn your yard — for more than $600 off! It’s bound to match any yard and will hold up for years, too. Spoiler alert: we reviewed five Dyson vacuums and the V8 stands out as the best overall. Not only is its suction and featherlight weight unmatched, but it’ll make cleaning quick (as it should be) and is on sale for less than $400 right now. The Apple AirPods Pro are a wonderful must-have if you don’t already use them for work commutes and while on your computer. For $50 off, Target is practically telling you to buy them now. We can attest these buds are truly worth it. Let’s be honest — men could never have too many white tees. Now for just $20, pick up a 10-pack of classic shirts to wear with dress pants or a quality pair of jeans. While you’re at it, up the quantity to two (you’re going to need them)! For a limited time, the Microsoft Surface Pro 8 Tablet is less than $1,000 and is perfect for the tech lover who adores versatility. Its half-laptop, half-tablet nature is great for chilling out on the couch or crunching numbers at your desk all the same. Its slim design is a nice touch, too. We can’t stop glossing over the beauty that is Blue Nile Mills’ Luxury Premium Cotton Bathroom Towel Set. The three-pack comes in a few rich colors to match your bathroom and looks great to display for a quick-grab after your shower. It’s 2022, which means we’re all about the standing desk (thanks, WFH life!) Specifically, we love the Project 62 Loring Adjustable Height Standing Desk for productivity, as its minimalist design is great for small spaces and those who don’t like clutter. For $50, it’s worth the grab. Just shy of $10 is Brightroom’s 13″ Decorative Tapered Basket, a multipurpose product that gives “small but mighty” a whole new meaning. It’s great for your laundry room or to store cords underneath your desk all the same, and it’s great to add a few of these to your Target cart for more storage solutions. Looking for a scooter for your little one? The Viro Rides Vega Pro Electric Scooter is 50% off and ready to be used outside all day long. Plus, it looks super sharp and any kid would love to ride on it during the warmer months. Now’s the time to pick up a new printer if you’re in need of one. Canon’s Pixma Wireless Inkjet All-in-One Printer is now just $100 and compact enough to fit nearby your monitor or laptop. It’s also easy to use and install. Black+Decker’s 4-Slice Toaster Oven is a no-brainer purchase for less than $30. If you love heating up pizza or want to make veggies in a pinch, this model is no-frills and practical. For more options, check out our guide to the best toasters and toaster ovens. We love the modern yet contemporary charm of Threshold’s Square Stick Table Lamp and, impressively, it’s just $23. Whether paired on your nightstand or dresser, it looks simple though gives your space a bit more character. During Target’s Deal Days Sale, you have to pick up a cookware set if you want to up the ante on your kitchen game. Luckily, T-fal’s 12-Piece Expert-Forged Nonstick Cookware Set is just over $75 and comes with everything you’ll likely need. What’s great about Threshold’s Rosemead Metal Frame Rounded Accent Chair is its versatility to match any space. It looks like something from Restoration Hardware but much more affordable. We love the slim legs and textured cushion beyond compare, too. One of the best items to pick up on sale, undeniably, is a pressure cooker. One of the best ones we rounded up is Ninja Foodi’s Programmable 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker and Air Fryer for its impeccable design that’ll enhance any dish. For $50 off, we recommend adding it to your cart ASAP. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.