A Russian-born, former professional poker player who won a total of $18 million gambling despite being a confessed pothead was once tasked with overseeing charitable donations totaling billions of dollars of Elon Musk’s money, according to a report. Igor Kurganov, 34, has apparently had the ear of the world’s richest person, which has caused turmoil in the mogul’s inner circle, according to The Wall Street Journal. Since moving from London to Texas last year, Kurganov has reportedly whispered into Musk’s ear about undertaking a charity strategy known  as “effective altruism.” The two men reportedly bonded over their shared love of the Burning Man festival while Kurganov’s longtime partner, fellow professional poker player Liv Boeree, was known to be friends with Grimes, the Canadian pop star and mother of two of Musk’s children. Musk’s trust in Kurganov has reportedly rankled Jared Birchall, the 48-year-old wealth manager and “fixer” who oversees many of his personal and business affairs. Birchall confronted Musk and objected to Kurganov’s attempts to gain control of efforts to steer vast amounts of his $219 billion personal fortune toward philanthropic endeavors, according to the Journal. Kurganov, who has no expertise in finance, has apparently earned Musk’s trust to the point where he has been allowed to hire and fire bodyguards in the Tesla CEO’s security detail, the Journal reported. Musk and Kurganov reportedly grew so close that the tech mogul allowed him to sleep at his home during the pandemic. When Musk told Birchall that he wanted Kurganov to take control of charitable giving, Birchall, who reportedly has had an outsized role in advising Musk on his negotiations to buy Twitter, reportedly told his boss: “Elon, you can’t.” The tensions between Birchall and Kurganov are exacerbated by a clash of personalities. While Birchall is a devout Mormon, Kurganov is a former professional poker player who said he was kicked out of college because he smoked too much marijuana. The Journal reported that Musk reached a compromise between Birchall and Kurganov whereby the ex-poker player would be responsible for $5.7 billion in Tesla shares that have been earmarked for philanthropic organizations. The remainder of Musk’s $219 billion fortune would be overseen by Birchall. But things changed last August when Birchall was made aware of an FBI inquiry into Kurganov, who was given an official position with the Musk Foundation. According to the Journal, the FBI launched a preliminary probe into whether Kurganov’s burrowing into Musk’s inner circle was part of an attempt by a foreign adversary to infiltrate a top American company. When Birchall made Musk aware of the inquiry, Musk reportedly agreed with his fixer that it was time to let Kurganov go, according to the Journal. Kurganov never got the opportunity to disperse any of Musk’s $5.7 billion for charity, the Journal reported.