Our tour around the NFL continues as we have just two divisions left to cover for division win totals. Next is the NFC South, where Tampa Bay will try to win back-to-back divisional titles. The NFC South has been home to plenty of drama this offseason – Tom Brady retired and then unretired, Baker Mayfield was traded to the Panthers, The Falcons will start the post-Matt Ryan era, and Michael Thomas has continued his seemingly never-ending injury saga with the New Orleans Saints. Will anyone be able to stand in the way of Brady making another postseason run? Provided by BetMGM At -300, Tampa Bay is the biggest favorite in the league to win their division. New Orleans has the second-shortest odds at +375. Carolina’s odds are at +1000, while the Falcons are available at +2500. The final thing to note is the scheduling composition for the NFC South, as each team will have the following: With a win total of 4.5 games, the bookmakers aren’t giving the Falcons much of a chance. Atlanta won seven games last season, but I think there’s a bit of an overreaction to the departure of Matt Ryan (74.7 PFF grade). Marcus Mariota (58.2 PFF grade) will replace Ryan as the starting quarterback after serving as a backup with the Raiders. Mariota is still only 28 years of age and spent 4.5 seasons as a starter with the Titans. I think there’s plenty left in the tank for Mariota, as this opportunity with the Falcons could show that he still has what it takes to be a starting quarterback in the league. Despite the Mariota signing, Atlanta wasn’t necessarily a big player during free agency. Instead, it focused on resigning its core players like running back Cordarelle Patterson (81.3 PFF grade), left tackle Jake Matthews (71.3 PFF grade), and kicker Younghoe Koo (87.0 PFF grade). The few defensive players Atlanta did add in free agency include edge rusher Lorenzo Carter (65.3 PFF grade) and cornerback Casey Hayward Jr. (76.0 PFF grade). Atlanta also added former Chiefs Super Bowl-winning running back Damien Williams (71.4 PFF grade). As for the draft, the Falcons received favorable reviews beginning with their selection of USC wide receiver Drake London (eighth overall pick). They then selected Penn State edge rusher Arnold Ebiketie (eighth overall pick) and Montana State linebacker Troy Andersen (58th pick) in the second round. Two more picks would follow in the third round, with Cincinnati quarterback Desmond Ridder (74th pick) and another edge rusher in Western Kentucky’s DeAngelo Malone (82nd pick). In the fifth round, the Falcons selected BYU running back Tyler Allgeier (151st pick). Atlanta used its final two picks to select Georgia teammates, guard Justin Shaffer (190th pick) and tight end John FitzPatrick (213th pick). Should the Falcons decide on a quarterback change, it might not be until Week 15, after their bye. Thus, it’s certainly possible we could see Mariota start all 13 weeks if healthy. Mariota would give the Falcons the best chance to win early on, especially since their final four games after the bye will be against the Saints and Ravens before returning home to the Cardinals and Buccaneers. Early in the Falcons’ schedule, there are some winnable games, such as Week 3 against the Seahawks and Week 4 against the Browns. The Falcons will also have two games against the Panthers and home games against the Bears and Steelers. As a result, I’m a bit more bullish on the Falcons to go over their win total of 4.5 games. Trying to handicap the Panthers’ win total is challenging without knowing precisely who their starting quarterback will be. I’ll be honest that I’ve never been a big believer in Sam Darnold (55.2 PFF grade), but he is due to make $18.85 million this season after Carolina picked up his option. Of course, the Panthers also landed Baker Mayfield (63.6 PFF grade) for a conditional 2024 fifth-round pick. Carolina’s pursuit of Mayfield only confirms they’re not entirely sure what they’ll get from Darnold this season. Nonetheless, the Panthers are only on the hook to pay roughly a third of Mayfield’s salary, with the Browns paying the other $10.5 million. And although the Panthers received a B+ from Pro Football Focus as their offseason grade, the quarterback position remains the most significant question mark. This is an easy pass for me. The New Orleans Saints won nine games last year despite losing quarterback Jameis Winston (74.0 PFF grade) to a season-ending injury in Week 8. Although he played in only eight games, the Saints offense was carefully structured, leading to only three Winston interceptions during that span. In his previous season as a full-time starter, Winston threw 16 interceptions through eight games. Heading into the offseason, it was always unlikely that the Saints would be big players during free agency, considering they were $75 million over the salary cap. And because the Saints can’t possibly pay everyone, it’s only natural that there would be some high-profile departures. On offense, New Orleans will be without left tackle Terron Armstead (75.9 PFF grade),  wide receiver Lil’Jordan Humphrey (71.1 PFF grade), tight end Garrett Griffin (51.7 PFF grade), and running back Ty Montgomery (51.4 PFF grade). The defense lost edge rusher Jalyn Holmes (58.8 PFF grade) and safeties Marcus Williams (80.1 PFF grade) and Malcolm Jenkins (retired). Aside from re-signing their players like Winston, safety P.J. Williams (70.0 PFF grade), running back Dwayne Washington (64.1 PFF grade), and wide receiver Tre’Quan Smith (62.7 PFF grade), the Saints did land a couple of big free agents such as safeties Tyrann Mathieu (67.3 PFF grade) and Marcus Maye (55.9 PFF grade). As for their other signings, they’ll hope to catch lightning in a bottle with players like safety Daniel Sorensen (46.3 PFF grade) along with defensive linemen Kentavius Street (45.8 PFF grade), Jaleel Johnson (44.9 PFF grade), and Taco Charlton (60.6 PFF grade). All four players were available at a bargain due to either injury, a down year, or untapped potential. However, when it came time for the NFL Draft, the Saints prioritized quality over quantity. In early April, New Orleans traded their 18th pick, 101st pick, and 237th along with a 2023 first-round pick and 2024 second-round pick in exchange for the 16th, 19th, and 194th pick. Then on the day of the draft, New Orleans traded their 16th pick along with a third-round and fourth-round selection to move up five spots to select Ohio State wide receiver Chris Olave (11th pick). The Saints then used their second first-round pick to bolster their offensive line by selecting Northern Iowa’s Trevor Penning (19th pick). Their third pick went to Tennessee cornerback Alontae Taylor (49th pick) in the second round. New Orleans used its final two picks Appalachian State linebacker D’Marco Jackson (161st pick) and Air Force defensive lineman Jordan Jackson (194th pick). One has to admire the conviction the Saints showed in moving up to draft Olave. Four wide receivers were selected between picks 11 and 18, so it’s doubtful the Saints would’ve got their man had they not traded up. While it remains debatable whether the Saints mortgaged too much in their pursuit of Olave, the good news for this preview is we’re only concerned with the 2022 season. Given the quality Olave will add to a Saints offense that ranked 23rd in offensive DVOA, I’m more buoyed by the Saints’ defense that, over the past five seasons, finished no lower than eighth in Football Outsiders DVOA metric. I still think the defense will remain relatively intact following the promotion of defensive coordinator Dennis Allen to head coach. Yet while there may be better plays available on the board, I can’t pass up taking the Saints over their win total at even money for a half-unit.  I’m not sure any NFL team has a more difficult opening stretch to the season than the Buccaneers. Yet, while I know it’s almost sacrilegious to bet against Tom Brady (92.0 PFF grade), I don’t see how the Buccaneers will get to at least 12 wins when their first four opponents are the Cowboys, Saints, Packers, and Chiefs. It’s worth noting that no team has been a bigger bugaboo for the Buccaneers than the Saints. According to our Action Labs database that dates back to 2003, the Saints are 24-14 for 10.51 units on the moneyline against the Buccaneers. Moreover, the Saints not only swept last season’s series as outright underdogs, but they’ve also won seven straight games against the Buccaneers. And if we focus on the Saints as underdogs in this series, they’re 7-4 for 13.18 units in this spot. These numbers speak to the strength of the Saints’ defense in recent years. While there’s been plenty of talk about the Buccaneers reloading with Brady returning, Tampa Bay will have to deal with some significant departures beginning with guard Ali Marpet (83.6 PFF grade), tight end Rob Gronkowski (79.5 PFF grade), and head coach Bruce Arians, who all chose to retire. The offense lost other critical players like guard Alex Cappa (73.4 PFF grade) and running back Ronald Jones (62.3 PFF grade). On defense, they’ll also be without safety Jordan Whitehead (74.9 PFF grade), cornerback Richard Sherman (53.3 PFF grade), lineman Ndamukong Suh (49.4 PFF grade), Jason Pierre-Paul (49.1 PFF grade). When it was time for the draft, Tampa Bay’s first action was to trade out of the first round by sending their 27th pick to the Jaguars in exchange for the 33rd, 106th, and 180th picks. On Day 2, the Buccaneers selected Houston defensive end Logan Hall with the 33rd pick. Tampa Bay’s next three picks were all offensive players with Central Michigan guard Luke Goedeke (57th pick), Arizona State running back Rachaad White (91st pick), and Washington tight end Cade Otton (106th pick). With their second pick in the fourth round, the Buccaneers selected Georgia punter Jake Camarda (133rd pick). Tampa Bay used its final three picks on Sam Houston State cornerback Zyon McCollum (157th pick). Minnesota tight end Ko Kieft (218th pick) and LSU defensive end Andre Anthony (248th pick). New Bucs’ head coach Todd Bowles will likely have his hands full given their schedule in the first month of the season. And when you add in the Saints’ continued success against the Buccaneers, it’s difficult for me to get to 12 wins for Tampa Bay. While I know that bettors have often faded Brady at their peril, I’m going to take a shot here and play the Buccaneers under their win total of 11.5 games.