Robb Elementary School shooter Salvador Ramos’ mom lashed out at the grieving relatives of one of the children killed in the massacre, telling them they had “no right to judge my son” after they confronted her in Uvalde, Texas, video shows. “You have no right to judge my son. No you don’t! No you don’t. May God forgive y’all,” the killer’s mom, Adriana Martinez, shouts after she was chased down by the family of Amerie Jo Garza, one of 19 kids slaughtered by Ramos, Telemundo reported. Garza’s family and the killer’s mom crossed paths Tuesday night after a meeting for students in the small town, the outlet reported. In the video, a Telemundo news crew is following Martinez when an SUV pulls over on the side of the road. Garza’s relatives get out and follow Martinez as she walks alongside the road. “You’re the last person to judge me,” Martinez says while calling 911. But Garza’s grandmother, Dana Mendiola, insists that Martinez shares responsibility for the mass shooting. “She’s not innocent. She raised him like that. She knew how he was. She knew he had guns. She’s not innocent,” Mendiola tells the outlet. Mendiola and another woman follow Martinez and a screaming match ensues. “Why didn’t you call 911,” the victim’s relative says. “I didn’t know,” responds Martinez, before finally appearing to crack. “I know my son was a coward! You don’t think I don’t know that? I know! You don’t think I’m carrying all that with me? You don’t think I don’t know. I know,” Martinez continues. Law enforcement arrived shortly after and placed Martinez in a patrol car at her request. Officers also asked Garza’s family not to interact with Martinez. “God bless them,” said Martinez in Spanish as she got into the patrol car. Ramos had been living with his grandparents for two or three months prior to the shooting,  Ramos’ grandfather previously told The Post. Ramos was known for being a loner, having school attendance issues and throwing dead cats at home, in exclusive video obtained by The Post. He had also earned the nickname “school shooter” by his classmates prior to the May 24 shooting at the elementary school.