The “Lil Bulldog” got creative with her finances when she retired from MMA in June. Felice Herrig, currently of the Bare Knuckle Fighting Championship, joined OnlyFans, where she is selling photos of her feet on the exclusive content site. The income she rakes in from OnlyFans has allowed her to have a more flexible fight schedule. “It’s made a huge difference, especially because, after my first knee surgery, I wouldn’t say I was broke but I had no money coming in,” the 37-year-old recently told TMZ. “People don’t realize, you’re locked into this contract that you can’t get out of, but you’re not getting paid to be in it. “I’ve always had people who are obsessed with my feet… I had bought a house right before the knee surgery and then just kept dipping into my money and I’m like, I guess people really love my feet, maybe I’ll start an OnlyFans.” Herrig, who also sells her used socks for $150, is going all-in on the business, as her OnlyFans profile currently states, “If you’re a sucker for pretty feet  you’ve come to the right place.” Elsewhere in the interview, Herrig elaborated on her decision to sign with BKFC after retiring from MMA in June. “Now, it’s coming full-circle,” the Buffalo native said. “I get to go back to doing what I love. And actually, boxing has always been my number one.” Herrig (14-10 MMA, 5-5 UFC) announced her MMA retirement last month after losing to Karolina Kowalkiewicz in UFC Vegas 56. Herrig had returned to the octagon at the time following a nearly two-year absence due to injury. “It’s been an honor being in the UFC for eight years, and fighting for 20,” Herrig said in her post-fight interview. “The biggest thing for me is I had two ACL surgeries and I really wanted to not go out like that. I really wanted to prove to myself that I can overcome two knee surgeries and come back and still fight at the highest level. “I felt better than ever in training, my mind felt great and I had so much positive energy around me and great coaches. But I knew if I wasn’t feeling it in the cage, it was going to be my last fight. Not in a bad way, I just feel like there’s something else for me and it’s time to close this chapter of my life. Which is really sad, because I’ve committed the last 20 years to it. But it’s just time to move on to something else.” Herrig went 23-5 as a professional kickboxer prior to the start of her MMA career.