Cardi B may like dollars and diamonds, but she’s just as obsessed with Native’s sweet smelling Baked by Melissa Tie-Dye Vanilla Cupcake body wash ($9). “Just know I smell like cake,” Cardi B captioned an Instagram story post in March. If Cardi B’s fanfare for the personal care brand wasn’t enough to jump on the Native bandwagon, then this may do the trick. Native is celebrating their seventh birthday right now, and is offering shoppers up to 25% off all of their delicious smelling products until July 23. This includes markdowns on bestselling scents such as Coconut & Vanilla, Cucumber & Mint, Citrus & Herbal Musk and more. To active the sale, simply use the promo code BDAY20 to score 20% off purchases of $40 or more and the code BDAY25 for 25% off purchases of $60 or more. While Cardi B’s favorite Native x Baked by Melissa Tie-Dye Vanilla Cupcake body wash is no longer available on the Native website (sorry, Cardi, you’ll have to head to Target for this one), you can still score the yummy scent in the brand’s regular ($13) and sensitive deodorant ($13). We listed some of our other Native favorites below to properly celebrate. Keep scrolling or shop the entire website here. Looking to upgrade your scent game with Native? Then make sure to check out the brand’s iconic line of delicious smelling regular deodorants. Choose from 12 different classic scents including Lilac & White Tea and Sweet Peach & Nectar and five limited edition scents, which includes the famous Tie-Dye Vanilla Cupcake option. Best of all, only good-for-you ingredients, such as coconut oil, shea butter and baking soda are used. Application is also smooth and non-greasy. If you struggle with sensitive skin but long to use the beloved Native brand, now you can. Native has created a formula without baking soda for those with skin sensitivities. Enjoy four classic scents and four limited edition scents. If you want the same naturally-derived Native Deodorant that you know and love but want a plastic-free option, you’re in luck. Now available in plastic-free packaging made from paperboard sourced from responsibly managed forests, you can enjoy eight various classic scents, two limited edition scents and two sensitive scents. Made with clean ingredients, this body wash leaves your skin feeling soft and hydrated. Best of all, it delivers an immaculate lather too good to pass up on. Choose from 10 classic scents and four limited edition options. Say goodbye to dry, flaky skin. With Native’s lotion, you can enjoy plant-based moisture from head to toe. Enjoy the yummy scents of Coconut & Vanilla, Lavender & Rose and Eucalyptus & Mint. Ultra-hydrating meets residue-free suds in this Native bar soap. Made with coconut oil, water and glycerin and free of phthalates and sulfates, you can enjoy six different scents. Each back comes with two bars of soap. Remove dirt, oil and impurities when you opt for Native’s brightening skincare collection. In this collection, you can score a Brightening Facial Cleanser ($10), Brightening Facial Serum ($20) and a Brightening Moisturizer ($20). Each item in the collection comes in the refreshing Citrus & Bergamot scent which features vitamin C and vitamin B3. If moisturizing your sweet, supple skin is your number one priority, then opt for Native’s moisturizing skincare collection. Enjoy a facial cleanser, serum and lotion packed with coconut and vitamin B3. These items come in the delicious Coconut & vitamin B3 scent. Did someone say mention a reef-safe broad spectrum SPF 30 mineral sunscreen? We sure did! This Native face sunscreen comes in Coconut & Pineapple or unscented versions. Made with 100% Zinc Oxide, a lightweight formula and without a white cast, this is a sunscreen you want in your cabinet. Ideal for all-over protection, this Native body sunscreen is lightweight, absorbs quickly and doesn’t leave behind any residue. Score it in Coconut & Pineapple, Rosé and unscented options. Choose from strengthening, daily clean, moisturizing or volumizing shampoo and it’s matching conditioner to get the best version of your hair, yet. No matter which option you go with, you’re sure to score big — especially when each bottle is only $9! If one bottle seems like too much of a hassle, native has your back. Look forward to a two-in-one option that combines shampoo and conditioner to cleanse and condition in one easy step. Choose from a scalp refreshing formula or a full and thick option. Complete your haircare routine with this hair mask made to nourish each strand and  restore moisture. It’s available in an amazing Almond & Shea Butter scent. Give your teeth a little treat with this fluoride toothpaste (plus it will pair great with your electric toothbrush). Available in Wild Mint, Detoxifying Charcoal and Soothing Mint, each flavor whitens teeth and is free of Triclosan, SLS and artificial preservatives. If you want all of the goodness described above but without the fluoride, you’re in luck. Enjoy a fluoride-free option available in Wild Mint and Detoxifying Charcoal. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.