Mark Zuckerberg has a robust real estate portfolio across the West Coast, but could he be saying goodbye to San Francisco? The Facebook co-founder and his wife, the philanthropist and former pediatrician Priscilla Chan, quietly sold their Golden City pad in an off-market deal worth $31 million, The Post has confirmed. This marks the largest residential deal in San Francisco this year, beating a pair of penthouses that once belonged to the late Secretary of State George Shultz for a combined $29 million, the Real Deal first reported. Zuckerberg, 38, purchased the home in 2012 for $10 million, records show. Located in the Dolores Heights neighborhood, the home has four bedrooms and four bathrooms, spanning over 7,300 square feet. The new deed filed on the home was signed by the vice president of operations for the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, according to TRD. Located at 3450 21st St., Zuckerberg purchased the home through SFRP LLC. While there is no clear reason for Zuckerberg’s move to sell the home, back in 2016, SFist first reported that disgruntled neighbors were up in arms over the parking spaces that his security detail permanently occupied. This, combined with two years of construction, when they first moved into the brick and stucco home, did not bode well for nearby residents. The work reportedly cost an additional $1.8 million. “Hi Neighbors,” a January 2016 letter from an anonymous neighbor said. “I’m sure you all agree that it can be cumbersome living next to Zuck. I think we’ve all tried to be as patient and civil as possible during the very long construction, the noise, the trash, the blocking of streets, etc. Now that all that circus is done, we are left with 2 silver SUVs permanently occupying desirable parking spots.” The Post has reached out for comment. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg still has a four-bedroom, five-bathroom estate in Palo Alto. The Meta CEO also owns 1,400 acres on the isle of Kauai, Hawaii after expanding his acreage there last year. In 2019, he purchased two adjacent Lake Tahoe homes.