Pot testing for NYPD police officers may soon go up in smoke. The city has ordered the country’s largest police department to stop testing cops for marijuana use, officials said. But the NYPD said it’s mulling the advice over. After initially releasing a statement saying they would halt the tests, the NYPD said it was mulling over the order. “The NYPD has received a legal memorandum from the City’s Law Department regarding the implementation of the Marijuana and Taxation Act (MARTA) in New York State law,” an NYPD spokesperson said in a revised statement. “We are in consultation with the Law Department over conflicts with the new state law and pre-existing federal law. While these discussions continue, there is no change in NYPD policies, procedures, or testing protocols regarding the use of Marijuana by uniformed members of the service.” Previously, a police officer would be automatically fired if they tested positive for marijuana, a process referred to as being “doled out” in police speak. But The Post obtained a memo from the NYPD’s deputy commissioner of legal matters dated July 11 that states “starting immediately, the department should only drug test a member of service for marijuana if there is reasonable suspicion that the member is impaired by marijuana on the job.” Not all members of the department gave the change a high grade. “I don’t agree with it at all, but I’m an old-time cop,” one police officer with decades on the job said. “I think it sets a bad example. What’s next, shooting heroin?” A Manhattan cop with more than two decades on the job agreed and added that he believed the NYPD was making the move to lower standards so more candidates could be hired to make up for a jump in recent retirements. “This is unreal,” a police officer with more than two decades on the job said, initially questioning if the end to pot testing was “fake news.” “This is all for people who can’t get into the academy because they test positive for marijuana,” the cop said. “I guess you’re going to rehire all the people who doled out? This department is going downhill. What happens if the person shoots and kills somebody and they find out they were high on marijuana?”