“POTUS” ticket holders are standing up for former FLOTUS Hillary Clinton. Clinton received not one, but two standing ovations on Wednesday during a showing of Broadway’s “POTUS: Or, Behind Every Great Dumbass Are Seven Women Trying To Keep Him Alive.” An insider told People that the 74-year-old former senator and presidential candidate brought spectators to their feet, the first time by simply walking to her seat at New York City’s Shubert Theatre. The second round of applause came in the first act when a reporter character, played by Lilli Cooper, asked the fictional first lady onstage, actress Vanessa Williams, why she wasn’t president. “That’s the eternal question, isn’t it?” Williams responded, shifting the audience’s attention to Clinton, who cheered her on for over a minute, according to the outlet. Clinton likely related to the show better than any attendee at “POTUS,” which tells the story of a fictional commander in chief relying on the women of the White House to keep him out of trouble. Clinton was the first lady from 1993 to 2001 as the wife of former President Bill Clinton. After his roller coaster presidency, she became a New York senator from 2001 to 2009 and the 67th United States secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. “She seems very grateful for all the love,” a source told the mag of her ovations. “The energy of the audience was next level because she was there, and everyone’s performances on stage were elevated by her presence. It was an incredible thing to witness.” After the show, Clinton joined the cast and even posed for a picture onstage. “I laughed so hard, oh my god!” she said to the cast backstage, according to another insider. “You were all so great. It was so much fun. Hilarious. And wow, that audience was on fire tonight, they were having such a good time!” Clinton’s showstopping appearance came ahead of her role as moderator at BroadwayCon on Friday, including panelists Williams, Julie White and LaChanze. The women will discuss their theater careers, celebrate their accomplishments and tackle the barriers that are still to be broken in the industry. Last week, Clinton said she would endorse President Joe Biden for a second term “if he decides to run” in 2024.