Between a pandemic, climate-related catastrophes, surging crime, and news of conflicts across the globe, it’s no surprise that the global market for incident and emergency management is projected to climb tremendously over the next few years. The Federal Emergency Management Agency suggests that all Americans should follow a 12-step guide to preparing for emergencies, including practicing emergency drills, safeguarding important documents, and assembling a supply kit. Unfortunately, the relatively simple process of putting together an emergency plan, does not happen in many households. According to the CDC, nearly half of U.S. adults still do not have the resources and plans in place in the event of an emergency. If you’re still part of the half of Americans who has not prepared for an emergency, don’t fret. The New York Post spoke with three survival specialists to understand the ins-and-outs of preparing for emergencies. Retired Special Forces Combat Veteran, Mykel Hawke, emphasized that emergency kits are especially important for self-sustainability. “It is important to everyone, all the time, to live,” said Hawke. “That common sense statement is often not considered by everyone as many feel someone will be there to assist them in a ‘real’ emergency.” Hawke advises that it is better to err on the side of safety, since no response agency can be everywhere at once. He stresses the importance of keeping a food and water supply in your every-day bag, car, and at home. Laura Zerra, who starred on the show Naked and Afraid, has spent over 15 years surviving in major ecosystems around the world. She suggests being prepared with three different types of emergency kits, one for the wilderness, one for medical supplies, and another to keep in your car. “I don’t think anyone should go into the wilderness without a wilderness survival kit,” said Zerra. “My car always a few key items on hand, and a first aid kit is always a part of all these kits.” Matt Tate, the owner of American Survival Co., has spent years training students in the art of survival. He recently led a group of young adults through a wilderness survival retreat in Netflix’s hit show, “Snowflake Mountain.” Tate believes that training and navigation courses always trump gear. “Without the proper training and understanding, some of the items listed below will be useless or significantly less effective,” said Tate. “Take some classes, learn some new skills and start adopting a mindset of self reliance and self rescue now, before you need them.” To shop this article by a specific emergency kit, simply click on each of the following links below: According to the experts, if you plan on spending time exploring the outdoors, hunting, fishing or hiking, it’s always important to carry a small survival kit with you. Some of the items every kit should have are a water filter, a fire making method, emergency shelter, headlamp, whistle, signaling device, and some wound care items. If you’re looking for a starter survival kit this is the one is for you. This kit features 190 pieces of comprehensive first aid supplies, including survival tools, fishing lures, a lamp, and even some bandages and minor wound care supplies. To boost this kit up even more, consider adding your own LifeStraw, too. For a more all-encompassing outdoor emergency kit, consider this 72-hour survival system. This kit includes 72-hours worth of food and water for two people. In addition to basic tools and medical care, it also features an emergency weather radio, emergency shelters, fire starters, and pocket chainsaws. One of the most advanced kits on the market, this evacuation suitcase is designed to sustain a family of six for up to 72 hours. With it’s extendable handle bar and wheeled frame, you can carry or pull this 23-pound evacuation kit right out of the house like a suitcase. All tools and supplies are expertly organized into eight cartridges — one for water, food, safety, warmth, tools, and first aid. Most experts believe that every emergency kit should at least have some basic medical supplies inside it. However, it is also important to consider purchasing a fully stocked first aid kit to keep at home or take on longer trips. These kits should not only have bandages and splints, but also store all the medications you might need. Most regular water bottles cost more than this canteen filled with medical supplies. If you’re not ready to invest in a full medical kit, but still need some basics for your next hike, this is a great place to start. For only $18, this canteen medical kit includes a variety of bandages, antiseptic wipes, die-cut moleskin, and a wide array of medications to treat pain, inflammation, and allergies. This reflective navy blue, EMT-style bag is Walgreen’s most popular emergency medical kit. The bag has a large main compartment, two front pockets and two side zippered pockets, and comes with over 400 pieces of quality equipment, including a blood pressure kit, gauze roll, antibiotic ointments, burn gel, and much more. This kit features 250 life-saving items handpicked by first responders and medical pros. Now with brand new back-padding for comfort and function, this medical backpack is perfect for longer camping trips or home storage. From shears to splints to CPR Shields and Diotame, this fully stocked medical kit has everything you can think of and more. While basic roadside kits should certainly include jumper cables and a flashlight, experts suggest that you should stock up on more than just car-starting essentials. Emergency blankets, candles, and sleeping bags also come in handy during winter storms if you’re stuck in your vehicle. This is the simplest roadside kit to throw into the back of your trunk. As one of the more compact roadside kits, you are still getting all the essentials you need to be prepared for unexpected accidents. The hardshell case holds booster cables for when you need a jump, and a LED flashlight, three AAA batteries and more. You never know when you might need to give someone a tow. The Reese Towpoer kit has everything you need to help someone’s vehicle get out of a sticky situation. Simply place the draw bar in the hitch receiver tube, and secure with the lock, and you’re ready to go. It has a 6,000 pound gross towing weight capacity. This emergency car kit is backed by AAA. In addition to essential tools, jumper cables, and a first aid kit, this kits features a premium air compressor, for topping off flat tires, refilling the camping mat, inflatable raft, bicycle tire, or other devices. Most humans can last without food for about three weeks, and only survive a few days without water. Experts emphasize how important it is to plan ahead for your nutritional needs. Generally, it’s encouraged to keep a day of food and water supplies in your purse or backpack, up to a week’s worth in your car, and up to a month’s worth at home. For just $50 a week, you might cancel your typical meal plan subscription and start eating like a survivalist. These easy to prepare meals won’t expire for years and provide 1,811 calories per day. Choose between eight different meal options, from oatmeal to broccoli rice, and creamy chicken soup. All you have to do is add water! You may not get Michelin Star meals with this kit, but your dietary needs will be covered for over a month. This food kit is packed with 50 pre-packaged meals across 13 varieties of food. With a 25-year shelf life, you also won’t have to worry about it expiring anytime soon. Easily store it in the back of your pantry, and one day it could come in handy. What’s the point on stocking up on food if you can’t heat it up? This 2-in-1 propane heater stove offers both propane heat and camp stove performance. Bring this on your next camping trip and enjoy warm, thoroughly cooked food from wherever you are. Most people tend to rely on their cellphones for all their communications and navigation needs, however mobile phones or cellular use might not be available during an emergency. Survivalists tend to advise people to consider handheld radios, compasses, maps, and various GPS systems. At the very least, make sure to have a compass on you for navigation purposes. This is by far the most affordable option for camping, backpacking and potential emergency travel. This military style compass is built in a sturdy plastic case, offers fast readability, and bold letters. Simply tag it to your backpack or throw it in your emergency kit. Keep in contact with your partner with this Walkie Talkie 2-pack. Communication is vital during an emergency, so it definitely does hurt to having a backup walkie talkie. This set has 2,662 channel combinations so you can be sure to find an interference-free way to communicate with your party. A built-in 10-channel NOAA weather radio also keeps you up-to-date on all government operated weather channels as well. This handheld navigation system will help you find your way through everything from steep country to dense forests. Navigate every trail with ABC sensors, including an altimeter for elevation data, barometer to monitor weather and 3-axis electronic compass. The system is preloaded with U.S. and Canada maps show you terrain contours, topographic elevations, summits, parks, coastlines, rivers, lakes and geographical points. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.