The tragic 2-year-old whose parents were killed shielding him in the Highland Park parade massacre had one question when a passerby plucked him to safety: “Are my mom and dad OK?” The heartbreaking remarks were revealed Friday by the woman who rescued the toddler after she found him underneath his dad’s body along the parade route Monday morning moments after 21-year-old Robert Crimo III allegedly opened fire on revelers. “He would have suffocated – 100%, he would have suffocated,” Laura Silva told CBS News of little Aiden McCarthy, who she found underneath his dad Kevin McCarthy’s body. “When I first took him and he kept saying, ‘Are my mom and dad OK?’ I said, ‘Everyone’s OK.’ ‘Is my momma and dadda coming back?’ I said ‘Yes, everyone’s fine,'” Silva recalled. “I had to parent him. I had to tell him it was fine when it wasn’t fine.” Silva told the outlet she hadn’t planned to attend the annual Fourth of July parade and was in the area to get breakfast with her boyfriend and her boyfriend’s son when she heard shots ring out while the trio was still inside a nearby parking garage. When the gunfire subsided, they emerged from the parking garage and spotted Aiden amid the bloodshed. “Dad, there’s a boy under there,” Silva recalled her boyfriend Tom’s son Morgan saying. Silva, who has two young boys, scooped Aiden up in her arms and took him back to the parking garage as she did her best to soothe him. “I had to do exactly what I did for Aiden. I had to parent. I had to tell him things that weren’t true, and decide what was protecting and what was being honest,” she said. Soon, Silva passed Aiden on to another couple, Greg and Dana Ring, so she could get more information about the boy’s father so she could reunite them but learned that the father had died. “I could feel my insides start to shake … I could feel the beginning part of a panic attack,” Silva recalled. “My hands started shaking, and I collected myself and I did what you’re not supposed to do with a panic attack — and I did not feel it through … because I knew where it would go.” Silva said she doesn’t feel like a hero and wishes she could’ve done more to help the orphaned tot, who is now in the care of his mother’s parents. “All I keep feeling is me passing him on to Greg, and the regret that I have letting him go- – that I shouldn’t have let him go, that I should have held on to him,” Silva told the outlet. “Logically, I knew my limitations … I didn’t have a car, I didn’t have my phone, and I know this kid needs to get out of here.” Silva has made contact with Aiden’s grandparents, who thanked her for her assistance. A GoFundMe has been set up in the boy’s honor and has raked in more than $3 million.