Polling data shows that American voters are increasingly fed up with President Biden during the recent surge of inflation, a CNN analyst said Wednesday. The dire forecast from CNN data analyst Harry Enten came hours after federal data showed inflation had surged to 9.1% in June — the sharpest rate of increase since November 1981. “Every single other president, at this point in their first term throughout polling history — this goes all the way back since the 1940s — he is the worst on both,” Enten said during an appearance on Anderson Cooper’s “AC360” on Wednesday night. “And the reason he is the worst overall is because inflation is eating his presidency alive at this point.” Enten noted that the latest available polling data put Biden’s disapproval rating at 58%, up from 44% a year ago. Biden’s disapproval rating is even worse when it comes to the issue of inflation, with 71% of respondents expressing dissatisfaction with his handling of the crisis. Meanwhile, 33% of respondents said their top family concern was inflation, up from just 5% at this point last year. “Now, it is a clear No. 1 issue and we see a clear correlation: As more people are concerned about inflation, Joe Biden’s disapproval rating climbs ever higher,” Enten said. Mediaite was first to report on Enten’s remarks. As The Post reported, American households are coughing up an extra $500 per month due to surging inflation — with daily necessities such as gas, groceries and rent among the expenses hammering budgets. Inflation is also resulting in an effective pay cut for many workers because it is eroding wage gains. Biden reiterated that addressing inflation is his “top priority” — though critics have argued he has failed to articulate a coherent strategy to combat the issue. Biden also argued that the June Consumer Price Index was “out of date” since gas prices have fallen from record highs in recent weeks. “Energy alone comprised nearly half of the monthly increase in inflation. Today’s data does not reflect the full impact of nearly 30 days of decreases in gas prices, that have reduced the price at the pump by about 40 cents since mid-June,” Biden said. “Those savings are providing important breathing room for American families. And, other commodities like wheat have fallen sharply since this report,” he added.