Several ESPN colleagues ripped Adam Schefter – without attaching their names to the critiques. Schefter was profiled by the Washington Post, and the article summarized several errors the ESPN NFL insider made in reporting with proper nuance in recent months. Schefter reported that Vikings running back Dalvin Cook was a “victim of domestic abuse and extortion” in a case, which has still yet to be adjudicated, where a woman is also accusing him of domestic violence. Cook’s accuser’s attorney accused him of “journalistic malpractice.” The insider also came under scrutiny when Deshaun Watson avoided charges after allegations of sexual misconduct from more than 20 massage therapists, and Schefter tweeted, “This is why Deshaun Watson, from the beginning, welcomed a police investigation: He felt he knew that the truth would come out. And today, a grand jury did not charge him on any of the criminal complaints.” Schefter has apologized for these instances, as well as for his insensitive tone in breaking the news of Dwayne Haskins’ death, mentioning the former first-round quarterback’s struggle to perform in the NFL. Finally, an email from more than a decade ago emerged in which he referred to former Washington Commanders executive Bruce Allen as “Mr. Editor” and invited him to read a draft of a story about the NFL’s collective bargaining agreement before publication. Several of Schefter’s colleagues ripped him anonymously for these errors. “He is your preeminent journalist for the preeminent sport in America,” an unnamed on-air talent at ESPN told the Washington Post. “I would hope that as a network you’re embarrassed by that, but I’m blown away that ESPN doesn’t seem to care.” “Multiple” other unnamed ESPN employees were said to have “worried that the [Cook] and Watson reporting reflected a failure to understand the sensitivity of domestic violence allegations.” Schefter asked rhetorically if these unnamed colleagues would put their names behind their words, knowing they would not: “Are they going to go on the record?” The profile detailed the insane volume of content Schefter produces for ESPN — on digital, TV and radio, never setting “boundaries” around when they could ask him to work. His dedication to maintaining sources, from keeping tabs on their families to sending innumerable Christmas gifts — $16,000 in chocolate, one year — alternately shows someone who is never off, and the human side of how he has been so successful. The Post’s Andrew Marchand reported that Schefter earns $9 million a year. Schefter and Seth Markman, the NFL content boss at ESPN, talked about how they are working through systems of the insider getting more input from editors, even if it means they get beat on scoops. One line from Markman, about Schefter’s value, also exposes his vulnerability. “Adam is a cyborg,” he said. “He’s uniquely suited for this. I can’t tell you how many times on a slow news day he delivers something invaluable that fills a whole day of shows for us.”