Phew! What a past couple of two days. Amazon Prime Day 2022 has come and gone and brought killer deals under $100, products worth the splurge and Prime Day savings overall. So, did you buy that e-reader you had your eye on? What about those new heels? Whatever you ended up buying, we are so glad you decided to shop Prime Day deals with the New York Post shopping team. But don’t go yet! Mad sales are still going on. Yes, you read that right. The mega savings event isn’t over, and some items are even cheaper than they were on Prime Day. Right now, you can shop post-Prime Day sales, including the Google Nest Wireless Doorbell Camera, NuWave 8-quart 6-in-1 Smart Digital Air Fryer, Gildan Men’s Heavy Cotton T-Shirts and more. Keep reading to find your favorite post-Prime Day sales and add them to your cart before the sale is really over. Ready to enjoy your own personal art exhibit in your own home. Then make sure to score the Frame TV. Choose from an array of screen sizes ranging from 32-inch options to 85-inch offerings. Bezel frame colors are also customizable. While the above sale allows you to choose from various bezel colors and materials, this deal only includes the TV screen. But for a lower price, that doesn’t sound all that bad! This 65-inch 2021 TV model takes 4K viewing to new heights. Enjoy picture clarity with deep contrast. Who doesn’t want a Fire TV to look forward to for great entertainment, Alexa and stunning color? Yes, you can still score a Fitbit on sale! This sleek style comes in white, pink, black and a gold link chain. Another great option is this Fitbit featuring a large face. It’s similar to the Apple Watch but comes with Alexa. Kids can have fun too with this activity tracker. Choose from fun, vibrant colorways. Opt for the upgraded iPad while it’s on sale! Details include a 10.2-inch Retina display, powerful A13 Bionic chip and an extra wide front camera. A lighter option is the iPad Air. It’s smaller, lightweight and can go wherever you do. There’s nothing like the original iPad, which can be yours at a discounted price. Features include a multi-touch display and access to all the fun apps you adore. Whether you are streaming your favorite shows or video chatting with family members, this is the tablet for you. It has the power to keep up with your happenings and the storage to hold it all. Speaking of Apple, let’s dive into the Apple AirPods. They’re comfortable and deliver the ultimate listening experience. Are you ready for high-performance Bluetooth headphones? We are! Especially when they are packed with 40 hours of battery life, charge in as little as five minutes and fit comfortably in your ears. With the Beats Studio Buds, you are in control. Choose from two listening modes — active noise canceling and transparency mode — listen for up to eight hours and enjoy three different sized ear tips for the perfect fit. Don’t settle for less. Instead, opt for the Bose Sport Earbuds. These earbuds are secure and comfortable, helping you achieve your best workout while offering impeccable sound. Delivering optimal noise-canceling technology, a comfortable fit, superior sound and sweat and water resistance — these Adidas earbuds will become your go-to’s. Get ready for immersive sound with this LG audio sound bar. Simply control the sound bar using the LG remote and transform your listening experience. Speaking of enhanced listening experiences, tune into your favorite audio with this Sony Bluetooth speaker. Take it with you wherever you go, because music always improves things. Choose from an array of various colors. Another excellent portable Bluetooth speaker option is this JBL find. It’s still on sale and totally worth the splurge. Enhanced with multistream technology, more flavor and aroma are packed into every single brew. Best of all, this option is great for smaller spaces, as the coffee maker is less than five inches wide, making it ideal for tiny counters and corner desks. The iconic Breville machine is still on sale, but it won’t last long. So cash in your beloved espresso while you can! Mix it all up with this Delish by DASH 3.5-quart stand mixer. And can we talk about the gorgeous blue color? You already know we are all in for this Vitamix blender. With various speeds available, you can blend your way. Available in brushed stainless steel, this power juicer gives you the power to receive fresh juice just the way you like it. You can also look forward to five one-touch programs. A digital air fryer? Sign us up! Features include consistent cooking temperatures and a menu of 100 preprogrammed recipes. Get ready to fry up a good time with this Dash air fryer. Cook up fries, nuggets and more. Choose from an array of trendy colors and say hello to the kitchen gadget of your dreams. We also love the large basket that can fit all of your yummy goodness. This extra-large pressure cooker cooks fast and efficiently. You can even get crisp, juicy results without worrying about drying out. Get comfortable with the Modway Aveline cooling mattress. Infused with gel memory foam, you’ll be counting sheep in no time. This sleek handcrafted coffee table adds a bit of luxe to your space. The top raises to help clean up your area and adds additional storage room. Stow away your belongings with the help of this storage cabinet. It doesn’t only look good, but it’s also complete with four storage shelves and framed panel doors for optimal practicality. Elevate your TV watching experience with the help of this barn door TV stand. It features three adjustable shelves and a rustic feel, it’ll be the room’s star. Great for an at-home desk set up, this task chair is gorgeous and chic. Best of all, it’s still on sale. Place this in your loft or bedroom. Wherever you decide to store this little oasis of cool drinks and snacks, you will love it. This comfy and spacious outdoor patio sofa will complete your backyard oasis and much more. This patio set is elegant yet practical and made of acacia wood and offers four unique pieces. The dusty blue color makes it great for keeping the outdoors whole the water-resistant fabric keeps it safe from harm. This set comes with two chairs and one side table. Use it for morning reading or sipping a glass of wine. Upgrade your space with this outdoor patio set. It’s gorgeous and practical. Opt for this large above-ground pool if you want to cool off this summer but don’t have the time or space for a full-on swimming oasis. If you get a pool, you might also opt for a hot tub. Have some friends over and have a ball. This bagless, self-emptying option holds up to 30 days of dirt and debris. Best of all, the robot itself features ultra cleaning performance for the best suction yet. Snag the iRobot Roomba i7+ while you still can. This model features a self-charging dock, cleans up pet hair and offers a personalized cleaning schedule and map. Who doesn’t want a self-charging robot vacuum that learns your life, understands your voice and includes adaptive navigation? We know we do! Additionally, this iRobot Roomba is enhanced with intelligent sensors that allow it to navigate under and around furniture, detect dirt and provide personalized cleaning schedules. This cordless spin mop makes sure that pet hair is out of sight. Wipe away tough marks and pick up pet hair with ease. Everyone needs a good rug, so why not opt for a round paisley option? It’s stain resistant, non-shedding and great for homes with kids and pets. Decorate your outdoor area with this bright teal lattice-design rug. Throw it over your patio and watch your space transform. Fill your space with the sweet aromas of a midsummer’s night. More scents are available. With this 48-foot-long set of string lights, you can set the mood for any outdoor space. This programmable thermostat helps you make energy-friendly decisions while keeping your home just the way you like it. Make sure you’re protected with this Google Nest doorbell camera. With built-in intelligence, you can tell the difference between a person, package and vehicle. Best of all, you can check it from wherever you want, whenever you want. This drill set features 21 pieces and an accessory storage case. Who wouldn’t want this? We can’t drill this into you enough — these DeWalt deals are unlike anything we’ve ever seen before. This kit includes a string trimmer and blower that allows you to clear your walkway, driveway, lawn and more successfully. This DeWalt option is compact, can be easily transported, offers a variety of cuts and is heavy-duty enough to withstand all of your tasks. Look forward to fast, clean cuts with this Worx chainsaw. The best part? It’s cordless. Yes, please! Make sure your lawn is always on point with this electric lawn edger and trencher. It’s simple to use and will come in handy. Are you in the market for a good work table? Then this Worx option should do the trick. Complete with clamps and holing up to 300 pounds, you’ll be set. Invest in this fast sheet sander that quickly clears away material. Further details include two grip positions, a hook-and-loop system, an ergonomic design and more. The Greenworks cordless electric lawn mower allows you to move freely around your lawn and cut it to perfection. Add some luxe style to your wardrobe with these Lacoste loafers. Look forward to a classic body and ultimate comfort. Embrace your inner Top Gun style with these classic Ray-Ban shades. They won’t only protect you from the sun but will also offer an impeccable taste. If you’ve been eyeing a Citizen watch for quite some time, now’s your chance to go for it. An entire 10-pack of tees for just $28? Yes! We recommend snagging these heavy cotton shirts before they’re gone. Slip into these stretchy khaki-colored pants by Dockers. They’re easy to wear and even easier to style. We can’t believe the discount either — but it’s true! Score a new pair of classic Levi’s jeans for just $32. Slip into some comfortable slides. Enjoy a soft foam strap and plush footbed. Score this epic deal and feel like the champion you are. After all, it doesn’t get much better than cozy savings. This adidas warm-up jacket will go wherever you do. It’s trendy and comfortable. If you need a heavy-duty belt, look no further, as Timberland has you covered. Choose from black and brown. Perfect for those summer nights, this Oakley pullover will become your new best friend. The heather grey color is also great for matching virtually everything. Make sure your feet are covered with these ultra-comfortable New Balance trainers. You’ll be serving up stylish (and comfortable) dad vibes in no time. There’s something to be said about a man in his Calvin’s, so dive into the trend yourself with this 5-pack of boxers. Spice up your wardrobe with this must-have find from Tommy Hilfiger. It can be dressed up or down — something everyone loves. If you’re all about the coastal grandmother vibes, this dress is for you. It’s elegant, chic and oh-so-adorable. Looking to upgrade your jean game? Well, Levi’s has your back (or should we say backside). These jeans fall to the ankle and sit up high on your waist. There’s nothing more fun than going to bed feeling gorgeous. Now, you can with this two-piece satin set. Perfect for lounging on the couch and running local errands, these sweat shorts will come in handy more than you think. And did we mention they have pockets? Get ready for those summer vacays with this tie-front swimsuit from Shein. The bandeau top is just too cute to pass up. Did someone say “Ted Baker” and “sale” in the same sentence? They sure did, as Amazon is dropping the price on this gorgeous find. Carry this leopard clutch with or without the chain strap — the choice is up to you. However you choose to rock this find, you’re sure to make a statement. If bold earrings are more your style, you’ll fall in love with this 9-pack of earrings. Enjoy pink marble options alongside vibrant green finds. How is such an incredible deal possible? We aren’t sure, but we’ll take it and look good doing it. But this trucker jacket deal won’t last long, so claim yours while you can. Match your robe to your nightgown with this gorgeous satin set. You’ll be the best dressed in the house. There’s nothing like classic gold hoops. Enjoy a variety of styles with this pack of six various earring sets. Show off your Calvin’s with this cotton unlined bralette. It’s a fan favorite for a reason. Every woman needs a good pair of yoga leggings, so why not opt for this on-sale option. We also can’t get enough of the crossover band. Complete your Covergirl look with the Clean Fresh Skin Milk foundation. 100% vegan and cruelty-free, this foundation is made without formaldehyde, phthalates, parabens, sulfates and talc. Get glossed with Rimmel’s iconic lip smacker. This gloss gives your lips a plumped effect that you’ll fall in love with. If a heavy foundation isn’t for you, this hydrating BB cream most likely is. Packed with SPF 30, the Maybelline Dream Fresh BB Cream brightens, blurs, smooths and enhances. Complete with 12 nude shades, this eyeshadow palette is simple to use yet gorgeous to wear. Enjoy shades across the rose gold, bold beige and sultry sand color families. This Covergirl Lash Blast mascara gives your lashes some serious lift. Trust us; it’s always in our makeup bags. This two-in-one product seamlessly melts into your cheeks and lips while delivering pigmented color. Best of all, it’s vegan and cruelty-free. Put those brows in their place with the Fill And Hold Eyebrow Gel. It tames arches and pairs wonderfully with powders and pencils. Make sure your eyeliner is on point with the NYX Waterproof Matte Liquid Eyeliner. Everyone needs a classic warm eyeshadow palette, and this is it. Offering 16 highly pigmented shades, you’ll have everything needed to complete endless stunning looks. Say hello to seriously smooth lips with these Sky Organics beeswax lip balms. Best of all, each one features a fruity flavor. Made for sensitive skin, this face moisturizer brings out your natural glow. To top it off, you’ll be left with baby soft skin. Made for all hair types, this leave-in hair conditioner and detangler is next level. Simply spray, brush, and you’re done. Give your skin the love it needs with Olay’s Vitamin C Face Serum. It delivers brighter, hydrated skin while leaving you feeling refreshed. Don’t slack on your beauty sleep. Instead, opt for this Deep Sleep Pillow Spray that helps with a good night’s rest, stress relief and anxiety control. Made with sustainably sourced aluminum, this three-pack of deodorant will keep you feeling fresh and clean all day long. Contour and tone your face with the help of this travel-sized microcurrent skincare collection. You can look forward to younger-looking, rejuvenated skin. This set delivers long-lasting hair removal results. Simply use the epilator when you feel like it to achieve smooth skin for up to four weeks. Complete with artificial intelligence, the Oral-B Genius X Limited has learned from human brushing behaviors and recognizes your brushing style. Complete with one razor and four refills, this Gillette Venus Razor Pack offers a smooth shave using white tea flexible soap bars. This professional salon-quality ceramic straightener is in a league of it’s own. So do yourself a favor and add it to your shopping bag. Offering your baby 25 full minutes of light effect and underwater fun makes this aquarium toy the perfect crib companion. Thiss Dream On Me 5-in-1 convertible cri offers you little one sweet dreamsb. Able to transition from a crib into a full-size bed, this is an investment worth splurging on. Another Dream On Me option is this bassinet. It’s lightweight and portable, making it simple to carry from room to room. This extra tall baby gate keeps your baby safe and away from trouble. Capable of fitting in typical door frames, this walk-through gate is simple to assemble. Don’t stink up the house with diaper odors. Instead, opt for this adorable diaper pail. No special bags are required. A nursing pillow that grows with your baby? Yes, please! In the beginning, it’s great for feeding time and propping; as time goes on, you’ll love it for propping and sitting. Every little one needs a jumper, so why not get them an ocean-themed version? The seat moves in a 360-degree rotation while offering four different height positions. Made to mimic breastfeeding, the Comotomo baby bottles help babies easily transition from breast to bottle. A mound top provides an easy surface to latch onto, while the wide neck design is easy to clean. Help your little one sleep calmly while staying cool with this sleeping bag. It’s soft, safe and simple to use. Help make your little one’s transition from a bottle to a cup easier with the help of these star and triangle-adorned sippy cups. Details include a soft spout, a cover and a carrying clip. Tired of having to replace fallen pacifiers every few minutes? Perhaps opting for a lightweight pacifier like these NUK options will do the trick. Featuring long silky hair and deep purple eyes, your young one will fall in love with her! Her clothing also features easy on-and-off closures, which makes it easy to dress her up. You may not be looking for a flossing sloth to add to your collection, but we guarantee your little one is! Just trust us on this one. Let your young one rock on all day long with these fun LOL Surprise! O.M.G. dolls. They will hug this Squishmallow oh-so-tightly and fall in love with it. And how cute is it? Let your little one climb and play all day. This set features a slide and a clubhouse. NERF collabs with Roblox to bring the ultimate dark blaster. You will even gain a virtual code for Roblox to unlock a special surprise. This horse and doll set is every young one’s dream. Brush the doll’s hair and take her for a ride. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.