Radio Hall of Famer Angela Yee, who co-hosts the nationally syndicated radio show “The Breakfast Club” with DJ Envy and Charlamagne tha God, is becoming a serial real estate investor — and she’s urging other women to get in on the game too, calling it “empowering.” Yee recently partnered in the purchase of an upstate New York home in the Catskills for $1.9 million with her friend and broker, Sara Golan of Nest Seekers International, Gimme Shelter can reveal. “I realized how important it was to have a place to get away from the city during the pandemic,” Yee told Gimme. The seven-bedroom, four-bath midcentury-modern home is 2,750 square feet and sits on 9.5 acres in the town of Roxbury. The listing broker was Katherine “Cricket” Keys, of the Catskill Dream Team. At the height of the pandemic, Yee, a graduate of Connecticut’s prestigious Wesleyan University, bought a $2.8 million landmarked Brooklyn brownstone. It originally asked $3.2 million. She also owns another Bed-Stuy brownstone and an investment condo in Williamsburg. Golan was her broker on all three deals. Yee tells Gimme the upstate home is an investment purchase — she and Golan plan on renting it out — but that they also plan to use it themselves, separately, as a getaway from the city. “As friends and business partners, the property works as an investment as well as a home we will both enjoy for years to come,” Golan said. The property first went on the market for $1.9 million in 2021. It was love at first sight, they both said. The home features a wrap terrace with full mountain views and a firepit with outdoor seating. Details include oversize bedrooms with marble ensuite baths and a screening room. There’s also a lawn for volleyball, a basketball court, a plunge pool, a hot tub and a Japanese sauna. It was built by architect Eran Chen of ODA New York. “We fell in love with the midcentury-modern design, with floor-to-ceiling glass all around, giving a feeling of being encircled by nature,” Golan said, adding that it’s a great place to “unplug and decompress” from city life. The listing brokers are Peggy Bellar and Katherine “Cricket” Keys of the Catskills Dream Team.