As more PGA Tour pros and fans continue to speak out against LIV Golf, Talor Gooch spoke up at the 150th British Open, appearing to liken the chatter to motivation. With the second day of the Open underway, golfers from the controversial Saudi-backed league have planted themselves in firm contention to potentially hoist the Claret Jug come Sunday. Dustin Johnson finished Friday at five-under for a total of nine-under, while Gooch himself is in a tie for sixth at seven-under. Despite criticism from PGA Tour golfers, including Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy, Gooch said the chatter has invigorated LIV pros. “Yeah, for sure. Everybody, it feels like, is against us, and that’s OK. Like you said, it’s kind of banded us together, I think,” Gooch said, according to ESPN. In addition to Gooch, 30, who joined LIV in May, other golfers from the Greg Norman-fronted tour have seen success recent success at the Open. For instance, Lee Westwood and Ian Poulter are sitting pretty at three-under as of Friday afternoon, with Poulter sinking a record-breaking 163-foot putt on Thursday. “I think there’s some strong players [in LIV], no doubt. The credentials of everyone speaks for themselves,” Gooch said. “It’s obviously cool for me to see other guys that are out there playing well. We’ve caught a lot of flak for what we’ve done here recently. “I think one thing that cannot be questioned is the quality of players that are there.” Dustin Johnson, however, does not have the same thinking as Gooch. In fact, the former Masters champion says the criticism doesn’t motivate nor bother him. “Not me because, honestly, I don’t read anything,” Johnson said. “So I wouldn’t know what you were saying or if there was anything negative being said. I don’t pay attention to it.” Gooch recently competed alongside Johnson, 37, in Portland, Oregon, as part of LIV Golf’s first event on American soil. Once the tournament wrapped, he was asked about the atmosphere, stating, “I haven’t played a Ryder Cup or a Presidents Cup, but can’t imagine there’s a whole hell of a lot of difference.” He has since changed his stance after being confronted by players. “Yeah, a bunch of players came up, and they’re like really? Really? I was like, hold on a second, guys. Give me a little break. I just won,” Gooch said. “I was in the moment. I might have gotten a little aggressive with the comments.”