They want to take a ride on his rocket ship. Beautiful young women are eager to merge with tech titan Elon Musk and help him combat falling birth rates, which he’s tweeted about being “the biggest danger civilization faces by far.” Musk, 51, is already doing his part to keep nurseries busy: This week it was revealed that he secretly fathered twins with Neuralink executive Shivon Zilis, 36, bringing the number of known Musk offspring to 10. Should the virile investor want more stock, there’s no shortage of wannabe baby mamas eager to get in his business. On TikTok, the hashtag #ElonMuskIsHot has been used more than 12,000 times. “I do want him to be my baby daddy,” Christel South, 38, an aspiring musical artist from Orange County, Calif., told The Post, adding that she’d be “100%” be thrilled to have the Tesla tycoon’s 11th child. South has even written several songs about the man she wishes would father her children, including “I Just Wanna F–k Elon Musk” and “Celebrity Crush.” In addition to his newly revealed twins, Musk’s sizeable brood includes two children with with 34-year-old musician Grimes — 2-year-old X Æ A-Xii and new baby daughter Exa — and six children — Nevada, Griffin, Vivian, Kai, Saxon and Damian — with ex-wife Justine Wilson, 49. South isn’t deterred by those who have come before her. “I want to support him,” said the woman, who’s never met or interacted with Musk. “Whatever he needs in a woman, I want to be that.” She insists that she’s not drawn to him because of his fortune, which is valued at upwards of $200 billion. “His intelligence is extremely attractive,” she said of the SpaceX mastermind. “I love how creative and driven he is. He’s also cute. I find him very hot.” Teddy Moutinho, 22, doesn’t want to have children, but she does want to have Musk. “I saw a clip of him acting really goofy on the red carpet of [this year’s] MET Gala and I remember thinking, ‘Oh my god, he’s really cute,’” she said. “I would absolutely date him if I’m ever given the opportunity.” Moutinho claimed she was more into his wit than his wealth. “Honestly, the money is not the [most attractive] thing about him. I’m into funny, goofy guys and seeing that side of his personality struck a [romantic] cord in me.” Barkell Fortie, who identifies as sapiosexual or someone who’s sexually aroused by intelligence, also alleged that Musk’s personality is a big draw. (Twitter shareholders and those who follow him on the social media platform would probably disagree.) He “seems like he is a great dad,” said Fortie. “If you were to ask me, a 31-year-old single, childless advertiser if I would have a child with Elon Musk, I would have to say yes,” said the Salt Lake City resident, who’s plastered photos and stickers of Musk on her cellphone and computer cases and even created a lusty tribute to him on TikTok that’s been viewed thousands of times. But, unlike her fellow Musketeers, she conceded that his piles of cash are part of the appeal. “Who wouldn’t want a child with their long-time crush, who also became the world’s richest human, has access to everything a child needs, providing a great life?”