Disgraced first son Hunter Biden joined his father, President Biden, to take in Monday night’s Fourth of July fireworks display from the White House balcony — even ​as a federal investigation involving Hunter and his overseas business dealings continues to dominate the headlines. Hunter Biden and his 2-year-old son Beau — named after Hunter’s older brother, who died of brain cancer in 2015 — took in the show after returning to the White House earlier Monday from Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland, where they spent much of the holiday weekend. Images show the president holding his grandson in his arms on the Truman Balcony and reaching down to give him a kiss. Hunter’s wife, South African filmmaker Melissa Cohen, also joined the family on the trip back to Washington from Camp David. Earlier, the Biden family attended a barbecue for military families on the South Lawn, though the festivities were overshadowed by a mass shooting at a holiday parade in the Chicago suburb of Highland Park that killed six people and wounded more than two dozen others. In brief remarks, the president asked his guests to observe a “slight moment of silence for all those families.” Earlier, he and first lady Jill Biden released a statement condemning the “senseless gun violence that has yet again brought grief to an American community on this Independence Day.” H​unter Biden, 52, was last seen at the White House during the Easter Egg roll in mid-April, which he also attended with Beau. He is under investigation by the US Attorney’s Office in Delaware ​for alleged tax fraud and money laundering stemming from his international business dealings. The first son has reportedly sent the IRS a check for $2 million to cover unpaid taxes. Hunter Biden’s business relationships in Ukraine and China were part of a series of reports The Post published in October 2020 based on information found on a laptop he left behind at a Delaware computer repair shop. Along with revelations about Hunter’s business affairs, the laptop contained photos and graphic video detailing his out-of-control drug use and his sexual shenanigans with hookers. Congressional Republicans have said they intend to launch hearings into Hunter Biden’s business endeavors and whether his father was linked to or profited from any of the deals should they win control of the House and Senate in the fall elections. The White House has said ​the president ​stands by his 2019 claim that he had “never spoken” with ​his son about “his overseas business dealings” — despite mounting evidence to the contrary, including a recently published 2018 voicemail in which Joe Biden mentioned a New York Times article about his son’s Chinese business partner. Emails from Hunter Biden’s laptop also indicate that Joe Biden, while still vice president, attended a 2015 DC dinner with a group of his son’s associates from Ukraine, Russia and Kazakhstan.