Jelena Ostapenko was a poor sport after a poor performance in her fourth-round defeat at Wimbledon. Ostapenko came out to a commanding lead and looked to be coasting towards a straight-set win before ultimately falling to Tatjana Maria 5-7, 7-5, 7-5. The former French Open champion threw away two match points in the 10th game of the second set, mistakes that inevitably led to her demise. Following her shocking defeat, Ostapenko angrily hurled her water bottle at a chair, which loudly tumbled to the ground. Onlooking fans promptly rained down boos on the sore loser, who stormed off the court after her outburst. Moments later, the 12th-seeded player described her opponent as “lucky.” “I thought it was my match, I had to win it,” Ostapenko said. “[Maria] got just so lucky in some moments so she could come back.” “Of course I’m really disappointed because if I lost against an amazing player who just beat me in a great match … but I just lost my match,” Ostapenko continued. “I just made mistakes. She just collected all my mistakes, unforced errors, and that’s how she won today.” Ostapenko later attributed her flare-up to her human flaws and competitive nature. “I’m a human, and it’s normal,” Ostapenko said. “I’m not going to let it go and say, ‘it’s fine, I lost, and it’s fine’. No, it’s not fine. Obviously I’m an emotional player – I hate losing, as I said before, because I’m such a competitive person.” As for those who booed her, Ostapenko argued they should take a walk in her shoes before judging. “I mean, of course maybe I shouldn’t have done this,” Ostapenko added. “But it’s easy to say from the outside, when you are not on my place, it’s easy to judge.” Maria, a 34-year-old mother from Germany, was overjoyed by the match’s outcome, which earned her a ticket to her first grand slam quarterfinal. She defeated Jule Niemeier on Tuesday to advance to the semifinals. “This means also that you always have to keep going,” Maria said. “It doesn’t matter how old you are, doesn’t matter how many kids you have, you just have to keep going and to believe in yourself.”