Mayim Bialik is in hot water again following her recent hosting gig on “Jeopardy!” The game show producers were forced to intervene during a show earlier this week when Bialik, 46, mistakenly said that a contestant didn’t win her points, when, in fact, the player did. The clue read: “From a Latin word for ‘to clock,’ it’s the type of care given to seriously ill patients to provide comfort without curing.” Contestant Andie Huskie then answered, “What is palliative care?” pronouncing it differently. However, he then corrected his solution to “palliative care” pronounced correctly before time ran out. But as he quickly changed his answer, the “Big Bang Theory” alum was already claiming the word was wrong. Producers chimed in while the show aired, coming in hot in the middle of a Daily Double. While another contestant was answering a different question, Bialik halted the game to announce their decision on Huskie’s behalf. She said, “We have a score change and, Andie, it affects you. The judges have reviewed your response, and you corrected your response of ‘palliative care’ before I began to rule you incorrect. We will be adding $4,000 to your score. That puts you in the lead.” “Glad the judges overruled Mayim’s hasty “NO”. #Jeopardy,” a fan noted about the snafu on Twitter Monday. Another viewer added: “That was ridiculous. Clearly started to correct himself before she ruled.” “Why does that keep happening. It messes up the whole game like the contestants get robbed from picking the next category and confuses the viewers at home. I thought I was wrong screaming at the tv and those around me lol,” one person wondered. “I was scratching my head on that one. He totally answered in time,” a confused user said. Bialik’s quick responses to contestants previously cost her brownie points with “Jeopardy!” fans. Last month, producers had to make another judgment call with contestant Megan Wachpress when Bialik cut her off too quickly. The clue noted: “You can lead a horse to water but you can’t do this.” Wachpress then answered, “What is drink … what is make … ” Bialik declared her as incorrect before the player had a chance to fix her mistake. Wachpress went on, saying, “What is make them drink” and she was later given the $400 for the correct answer by the producers.