Actor Pierce Brosnan has shared a poignant series of photos on Instagram showing a frail, wheelchair-bound James Caan before his death. “On the set of the movie ‘Fast Charlie’ with the great man himself James Cann [sic], farewell Jimmy,” Brosnan captioned the carousel of photos he posted on Friday. “We had many laughs together over those five days in New Orleans… you were an inspiration to me as young actor starting out, and an even greater one as a man watching you work each day against great physical pain and discomfort,” he said of the “Godfather” legend. “You gave of yourself to the art of acting and performance to the very end. “My heart has a deep sorrow this day for your passing. I shall cherish the memory of you always. My heart felt condolences to your family. May you Rest In Peace, forever in the light,” he concluded. The touching series of five photos shows Caan and Brosnan sitting together as the late actor holds what appears to be a script. In one image, Brosnan places his hand on top of Caan’s in front of a lavish balloon display. Confined to a wheelchair, Caan appears to be using oxygen in the last two images. “Fast Charlie” was Caan’s last completed project before his family announced his death, without saying a cause. He died on Wednesday, at 82. “It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time,” a statement on his official Twitter account read. The Screen Media-helmed project is set to be posthumously released in 2023, and the movie has already finished production, a rep for Screen Media told the Wrap. According to the outlet, the full synopsis reads: “Charlie Swift (Brosnan) has worked for his aging mob boss Stan (Caan) for 20 years, skillfully operating as a prolific fixer and efficient hitman. When a rival boss moves to eliminate Stan and his entire team, he fails in wiping the team clean. Now on his own, Charlie will stop at nothing to avenge his friend and has no plans to leave anyone alive.”