Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg finally dropped the controversial murder charge against bodega worker Jose Alba on Tuesday — with his office conceding there wasn’t enough evidence to prosecute the case that sparked widespread outrage. The DA’s office filed a motion in Manhattan Criminal Court to dismiss the case against the 61-year-old bodega worker after an investigation found it couldn’t prove the “defendant was not justified in his use of deadly physical force.” Bragg and his office faced backlash after Alba was swiftly jailed and charged with fatally stabbing 35-year-old violent ex-con Austin Simon, who had attacked Alba inside the Hamilton Heights bodega on July 1. The decision to drop the second-degree murder charge comes weeks after The Post highlighted Alba’s plight, which saw the hardworking bodega clerk initially held at Rikers Island on a whopping $250,000 bond. “If it weren’t for the NY Post, Mr. Alba would still be in jail,” said Frank Garcia, chairman of the National Association of Latino State Chambers of Commerce. Alba had his electronic ankle monitor removed Tuesday afternoon — just hours after Judge Laurie Peterson officially tossed the case. “I feel better because I don’t have it anymore,” Alba said of the ankle monitor as he spoke briefly to reporters at his home. Asked how he was feeling after the charges were dropped, Alba responded, “So, so.” The bodega employee’s voice had cracked when he first heard the charges were being dropped, according to Francisco Marte, head of the Bodega and Small Business Association. “The DA told me around 10:30 this morning. I called Jose right away. He was very emotional – his voice broke when I told him,” Marte told The Post. “He was happy.” In the motion to drop the case, the embattled DA’s office had included surveillance images from inside the bodega that showed Alba being shoved by the much younger man in the moments before the worker armed himself with a knife. The footage also showed Alba allegedly being stabbed by Simon’s girlfriend while the worker was fending off and fatally slashing the ex-con. Simon’s girlfriend has not been charged. The motion noted that Alba could have argued at trial that he was acting in self-defense — an argument the bodega worker has repeatedly made since his arrest. “One potential defense is that Alba reasonably believed that Simon was about to usedeadly physical force,” the dismissal memo noted. “The law provides that a person may use deadly physical force to defend oneself if the person reasonably believes that another person is using or about to use deadly physical force.” “… Simon’s conduct in entering the store’s small, private area, throwing Alba against the wall to a place he could not escape, and grabbing him by the collar could inspire deep fear in an older and shorter man as to what might be in store next,” the motion continued. “This was also in the context of the girlfriend saying five minutes earlier that her boyfriend was going to ‘come down here right now and f–k you up’.” The entire ordeal unfolded after Alba had gotten into an argument with Simon’s girlfriend over a bag of chips, police said at the time. The girlfriend had run home to get Simon after claiming Alba had grabbed the chips from her daughter when her debit card was declined. The motion suggested that Alba may have assumed he was about to be robbed when Simon stormed into the bodega 10 minutes later — and that Simon could have actually committed a crime by cornering the worker behind the counter. “It is a crime in New York to use physical force to intentionally restrict a person’s movements by moving him from one place to another or by confining him,” the motion said. “… if Alba reasonably believed that Simon was committing or attempting to commit a burglary of an occupied building, then Alba was permitted to use deadly physical force upon Simon if Alba reasonably believed it to be necessary to prevent or terminate the commission of the burglary.” “After investigation, the District Attorney’s Office has concluded that a homicide case against Alba could not be proven at trial beyond a reasonable doubt,” the motion continued. “Consequently, the People will not be presenting the case to the grand jury, and hereby move to dismiss the Criminal Court complaint.” Mayor Eric Adams called it the “right decision” for the DA to drop the case. “This happens sometimes in cases in the preliminary arrest, after review, decisions are made,” Adams told reporters shortly after the charge was dismissed. “And so, I think in this case we had an innocent, hard working New Yorker that was doing his job and someone was extremely aggressive towards him. I believe that after the DA’s review, the DA in my opinion, made the right decision.” The owner of the bodega where Alba works also rejoiced over the DA’s decision to drop the charges, telling The Post, “I feel better – good.” But Simon’s cousin, Candra Simon, said her family was disappointed no one would be held accountable over the fatal stabbing — even though she conceded that “everyone involved in this situation was wrong.” “Alba was wrong for treating a child with no respect, that [girlfriend] was wrong for dragging my cousin into this situation, my cousin was wrong for going behind the counter, Candra said. “The fact remains that only one person, the only person who did not draw a weapon, is dead and no one has to answer for it.” The cousin, who said she understood why the DA’s office legally dismissed the case, slammed Mayor Adams for how he reacted publicly to the case. “Mayor Adams is a disappointment and I’m disgusted with his comments and actions,” she said. “He is not a police officer anymore. He should not have shown up to make comments on the event.  He used his title and his influence to help sway public opinion.” With the case now dismissed, legal experts told The Post that Alba is now “home free” and can’t be charged again over the fatal stabbing. “The case is over. There is no other agency that can bring charges against him,” said Mark Bederow, a defense attorney and former Manhattan Assistant District Attorney. Daniel Bibb, another ex-Manhattan ADA, added, “They are saying that this case can’t be proven and, if that’s true, then that’s double jeopardy and no other state prosecutor could charge him.” “No other DA in the city has jurisdiction and the attorney general’s office certainly doesn’t have jurisdiction,” Bibb said. As outrage over Alba’s case gained momentum in recent weeks, demonstrators had gathered outside City Hall, and New York City bodega groups even called on the state to adopt a local version of Florida’s controversial “Stand Your Ground” law. United Bodegas of America spokesman Fernando Mateo told The Post on Tuesday that he had faith the DA would “do the right thing.” “He saw the judge and jury was the videotape. He did the right thing, I congratulate Alvin Bragg. He has proved people wrong,” Mateo said. Meanwhile, GOP gubernatorial nominee Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-Suffolk) slammed Bragg, saying Alba should never have been charged in the first place. “After weeks of public pressure, Alvin Bragg finally came to the same conclusion we all did a long time ago — Jose Alba should’ve never been charged with murder,” Zeldin said in a statement. “Jose Alba was an innocent man acting in self-defense, and he’s now finally a free man. “The reality that the video showed Alba’s innocence as clearly as it did made it all that much worse that Bragg charged Alba in the first place, sent him to Rikers Island with an open stab wound, demanded absurdly high bail, and refused to charge the person who attacked Alba.” Queens Councilman Robert Holden called on Gov. Kathy Hochul to fire Bragg over the handling of Alba’s case. “Finally doing the right thing and dropping the charges against a store clerk who was forced to defend himself, after weeks of horror for Mr. Alba and his family and outcry from the public and elected officials, is nothing to brag about,” Holden said in a statement. “It’s too little, too late. He’s shown that he not only doesn’t care about victims of crime, but he will punish them. The ex-con’s girlfriend, who allegedly stabbed Mr. Alba, is the only one who should be charged. Governor Hochul must remove D.A. Bragg immediately.” Additional reporting by Priscilla DeGregory, Desheania Andrews, Zach Williams and Tina Moore