A man in suburban Houston killed his estranged wife’s boyfriend while fighting with her about their divorce at a seafood restaurant Wednesday — then fled and shot himself in the head, authorities said. The 61-year-old man had agreed to meet up with his 28-year-old wife at the Crab Station in Harris County to discuss the terms of their divorce, news station KPRC reported. The wife was accompanied by a 44-year-old man who authorities said was her boyfriend, though his family insisted that they were not in a romantic relationship. He was identified by relatives as local boxer Maurenzo “Tuffy” Smith, Fox 26  reported. Police said the husband walked into the restaurant carrying divorce papers and spoke with his wife and Smith for 20 minutes before the conversation turned heated. The husband then stormed out of the business but returned a few minutes later with a gun in his hand and proceeded to fire 13 rounds at his wife and her male companion, according to the sheriff’s major. Smith was struck multiple times and was pronounced dead at the scene, but the husband missed his wife, who escaped the restaurant unharmed along with several other diners, according to the cops. The suspected gunman then fled in his Maserati but was pulled over by deputies responding to the shooting reports. That is when police said the man exited his vehicle and shot himself in the head. He was taken to Houston Northwest Hospital in critical condition. Police said he was not expected to survive. The husband and wife had no children and were married for nine years before their split, according to the sheriff’s office. Family and friends said Smith, a heavyweight boxing champion, was scheduled to travel to Colombia next week for a match, reported KHOU11. “My brother was like an innocent bystander,” Smith’s sister Ida Carter told Fox 26. “He was just trying to help.” Relatives said Smith and the alleged gunman’s wife had just met last Friday. According to Smith’s Facebook profile, he was a widower raising two daughters.