Metropolitan Memorial Park was an old rock pile of a ballyard, seating 6,200 fans on a good night for the hometown Triple-A Tidewater Tides. And while its common name — Met Park — connoted a kinship with the Tides’ parent club, the New York Mets, and sat only 365 miles away, most days the distance felt 10 times that. Or a thousand. There was one familiar touch, though. Met Park lay just a few hundred yards beyond the main runway of Norfolk International Airport, so air traffic was a constant companion for Tides players — and that was a helpful skill to acquire, since the dream was to one day land at Shea Stadium, caddy corner to LaGuardia Airport, where the ballpark experience was identical. Of course, by 1983, calling Shea Stadium a “dream” felt a little dishonest. “The organization had struggled for years,” Ron Darling recalls. “The last place any of us minor league guys wanted to be was in the bushes. But it seemed the Mets were a place where careers went to die.” Says Wally Backman: “You’ll do anything to be in the majors but the Mets had struggled for so long. If you burn to win, you’re looking for a sign that things are going a different way.” The Tides had no such concern in 1983. They would win the International League, then the overall Triple-A World Series. They were managed by a 40-year-old named Davey Johnson who’d been raised a Baltimore Oriole, had victory in his DNA, and refused to believe baseball players couldn’t be shown how to win. “But a manager can’t do that by himself,” Johnson says. “Players feed off other players. You need a north star in the clubhouse to carry out the message.” On June 15, 1983, at the doorstep of a sultry Virginia summer, word leaked to the Tides: The big club had made a move. The Mets had shipped Rick Ownby and Neil Allen to the Cardinals. In return they’d received Keith Hernandez. The first reaction was understandable: That Keith Hernandez? MVP in 1979 when he hit .344, World Series hero just eight months earlier, winner of five Gold Gloves? Yes. That Hernandez. His future teammates understood, even in the moment, that things had changed; the sonic boom overpowered even the incoming flights at Norfolk International. His future manager recognized that, too. Hernandez? “I felt like I died,” he says. “At least as a baseball player.” On June 15, 1983, it probably did feel that way, maybe even worse. But on July 9, 2022, Hernandez will walk to a microphone at Citi Field — next door to old Shea, still next door to the jumbo jets at LaGuardia — and he will watch as his old number, 17, is added to the Mets’ roster of all-time greats, alongside 14, 31, 36, 37 and 41. It still humbles him, will forever. “I mean my number alongside Tom [Seaver] and Mike [Piazza] and Jerry [Koosman]? My number with Gil Hodges and Casey Stengel? Which one doesn’t belong?” he says, chuckling. The 42,000 Mets fans in the stands — joined by millions of others on TV, on the radio, on the internet — will answer that for him. Because Keith Hernandez is — and remains — the Essential Met in team history. It’s important here to make a clarification. Tom Seaver was, is, and likely will forever be the greatest Met, and it isn’t close. Not only did he earn 198 of his 311 career wins as a Met, not only did he win all three of his Cy Youngs as a Met, and collect 2,541 of his 3,640 strikeouts as a Met, he performed the first lower-case miracle of what would become the uppercase Miracle Mets. “He showed up and told his teammates it wasn’t OK to lose anymore,” Darling says. “It wasn’t OK to be clowns. And he did that the only way a ballplayer can: by doing it, not talking about. By excellence. Players want to follow a guy like that.” But even the Mets that Seaver joined in 1967 were something of an established phenomenon. They had outdrawn the Yankees all three years of Shea Stadium’s existence. Perhaps their commerce was lousy baseball, but it was an undeniably good business. The Mets were thriving at the box office, if not the base paths, when Seaver arrived. They owned the town in spite of the losing. It was different 16 years later. Hernandez had been shipped to baseball Siberia. For years he blamed Whitey Herzog for this exile, but Herzog has long said that was above his pay grade. Gussie Busch, the Cardinals owner and an original lord of the baseball realm, hated many things about modern players — ego, money — but despised drug users most of all. Hernandez had used cocaine. Busch found out. And Hernandez was out. All the way to Baseball Gulag. The Mets had finished either fifth or sixth for six straight years, on the way to seven. They had been overrun by the Yankees, surrendering the city without a fight, drawing under 800,000 for a full season, 1978, as the Yanks were winning a 22nd championship. They were strictly noncompetitive, and it felt unlikely to change any time soon; they were 22-36, dead last again. They were on pace to barely crack a million in attendance. “It was baseball hell,” Hernandez says. “I don’t think that’s an unfair characterization.” Yes, Darryl Strawberry had preceded him to town by six weeks, but he was 21, hitting .186, with only three homers and 44 strikeouts in his first 128 plate appearances in the majors. Yes, Seaver had been brought back to a wave of nostalgic emotion, but he was 38 and hadn’t exactly opened the floodgates for fan interest: On April 20, his second start at Shea, Seaver threw one of his last gems as a Met, a three-hitter in a 6-0 win over Pittsburgh. Attendance at Shea that day: 4,041. So when Hernandez walked into the visiting clubhouse at Montreal’s Olympic Stadium on the night of June 17 — after missing a connecting flight from St. Louis he arrived a half-hour before first pitch — he was dazed, confused and crestfallen. He was immediately greeted by Seaver, that night’s pitcher, who said: “Welcome to the Stems!” “Mets, spelled backwards,” Hernandez says. He was greeted by Dave Kingman, incumbent first baseman and another ill-conceived Mets reacquisition, who nearly hugged him: “You’re my ticket out of here!” Kingman crowed. “What the hell,” Hernandez remembers saying out loud, “have I gotten myself into?” It’s useful at this point in the story to go with an old-fashioned freeze-frame on June 17, 1983, and ponder a few things. Hernandez was his usual professional self the rest of that year, hitting .306 with a .424 on-base percentage, winning his sixth straight Gold Glove. But the Mets finished that season 68-94, sixth out of six in the NL East, 22 games behind the Phillies. Two managers — George Bamberger and Frank Howard — had been fired. Exactly 1,228 days later, they tumbled onto each other and doused each other on the field of a sold-out Shea Stadium, winners of 116 games, winners of the World Series, owners of all five boroughs and the suburbs beyond. Twelve-hundred and twenty-eight days from purgatory to paradise. Actually, 1,230 days if you count back to June 15, 1983. The day The Essential Met actually became a Met. Mets fans, most of them, surely believe this. But it’s the men who shared the climb with Hernandez who solidify the thought. “Keith was our Seaver,” Darling says. “He simply refused to let us believe we were anything other than the best team in the league. Maybe after a while we didn’t need convincing. But in the beginning that was a pretty lonely thought.” Credit Seaver, always a wise hand, with being the first to recognize just how significant the deal GM Frank Cashen executed was, in real time. The day afterward, before Hernandez had spent even one minute as a Met, Seaver prophesied: “This may be the most important deal the Mets have ever made because of the overall reaction Keith’s presence will create.” Of course, Cashen had to actually get Hernandez to commit after the fact. As a veteran traded midseason Hernandez had the right to demand a trade at season’s end, and for weeks, Hernandez assumed that would happen five minutes after the season’s final game on Oct. 2. Cashen and Hernandez agreed to set a deadline for two weeks before the winter meeting began on Dec. 5 in Nashville. It was a hard sell. But unbeknownst to Cashen he had two recruiters, 3,000 miles apart from each other, making pitches on his behalf. One was Rusty Staub. Unlike the sullen Kingman and the beaten-down Seaver, Staub was a Hernandez contemporary in the Mets clubhouse who actually liked being a Met — or, more specifically, loved being a New Yorker. “Rusty indoctrinated me to the city, introduced me around to different walks of life, different people, made sure I fully absorbed and was a part of the culture of the city and the arts,” Hernandez says. “He allowed me to meet people and go to special events. As a Met I had access to tickets to Broadway plays that were impossible to get in. He showed me everything New York has to offer. And I was hooked.” Out in Northern California, Hernandez’s father, John, understood how his younger son’s heart had been broken by the Cardinals, the only team he’d ever wanted to play for. But even as the misery of ’83 unfolded, John Hernandez began selling Keith on what was coming, based on having devoured minor league games on TV during the 1981 strike. Keith already knew about Strawberry (who’d blossomed into Rookie of the Year) and Mookie Wilson; John told him about names like Darling and Backman and Dykstra, and one special 19-year-old kid named Dwight Gooden. “Whenever I listened to my father good things happened,” Hernandez says. “Whenever I didn’t, bad things did. I was smart enough to listen this time.” He signed up for five years, and immediately began to preach the gospel of winning. He was fortunate that he had a pilot willing to be a co-pilot in these matters: Davey Johnson had been promoted to manage the big club. He’d been inside enough clubhouses to know that Hernandez was exactly what his team craved. “Baseball just poured out of him,” Johnson says. “Sometimes players don’t want to hear it from the manager. But they’ll always stand at attention when a teammate they respect is saying it. From Day 1 they listened to Keith. And from Day 1 he embraced the role.” “Here’s the thing about Keith,” Darling says. “He was the most famous guy, the most accomplished guy, on that first team in 1984. But from Day 1 he demanded to be just another knucklehead like the rest of us. He’d needle us and we’d needle him right back and he loved it. I mean he loved it.” Says Backman: “I never knew another player quite like him. It seemed like he always knew exactly what to say on the field or off. It was like magic.” Backman pauses here, and laughs. “Of course none of that matters if you’re a s—-y ballplayer. But Keith? Yeah. That guy could play. That guy was something.” In many ways, 1984 was Hernandez’ masterpiece. The Mets were clearly an improved team, but still allowed 24 more runs than they scored. Their Pythagorean record (a theoretical figure based on run differential) was 78-84. But their actual record was 90-72, and they were in first place as late as July 31 and chased the Cubs all the way to September. Davey Johnson was the engine for that. But Hernandez was the fuel. He hit .311. He fielded flawlessly. He led the sport in game-winning RBIs (which was an official stat from only 1980-88; Hernandez will forever be known as its all-time leader with 129 of them). He finished second to Ryne Sandberg for MVP. Attendance at Shea, in deep decline for years, improved by 730,000. “Suddenly the city felt different,” Darling says. “You could feel it tipping for the Mets,” Hernandez agrees. By ’85, the takeover was complete, even if the 98-win Mets again fell shy of the pennant by three games. But the team was near whole. Gary Carter had arrived, as had Ray Knight, Len Dykstra and Howard Johnson. Gooden had his 24-4 masterpiece. It was Johnson, the cocksure manager, who crowed on the eve of the ’86 season: “I don’t just expect to win, but to dominate.” It was Hernandez who made sure his manager wasn’t speaking out of turn. Probably the single-most replayed moment of that 108-win regular season came at Riverfront Stadium, on July 22. It was the bottom of the 12th, the Mets and Reds tied at 3-3. This was the night Johnson used both Jesse Orosco and Roger McDowell at the same time in extras, shifting one to the outfield depending on the hitter. Orosco allowed two singles to start the inning. Pitcher Carl Willis laid down a bunt and on the video Hernandez suddenly and stunningly appears, maybe 20 feet away. He scoops up the ball, throws to third (where Carter had been switched a few innings earlier for the only time in his career) and Carter threw to Tim Teufel to complete the 3-5-4 double play. Howard Johnson’s three-run homer won the game two innings later. “It’s not just that Keith would execute that,” Darling says, the wonder still evident 36 years later. “There isn’t another first baseman I’ve ever seen who would even attempt that.” Later, when the money was truly on the table, Hernandez was at his very best, in the middle of two defining moments of the postseason. In Game 6 of the NLCS, his booming double off Bob Knepper cut the Mets’ deficit to 3-2 in a ninth inning they’d entered trailing 3-0 (three outs away from facing Mike Scott in Game 7); he later scored the tying run. Twelve days later, again down 3-0 in the sixth inning of World Series Game 7, Hernandez stepped up with the bases loaded and laced an opposite-field single off Boston’s Bruce Hurst that chopped the margin to 3-2 and set up the Mets’ 8-5 title-clinching win. Of course, both games are also known for Hernandez’ subtler influences. In Houston, he’d famously told Orosco, in some variation, as the bottom of the 16th started to implode, “Throw another fastball and we’re fighting.” Orsoco did as he was told, threw Kevin Bass a 3-2 slider, and Bass was cooked. Two weeks later, even as he was readying for his at-bat against Hurst by exchanging fist pumps with his brother, Gary, sitting in the stands, he was smarting from having made his already-legendary decision to sit in Johnson’s office chair during the Mets’ epic 10th-inning rally against Calvin Schiraldi in Game 6 two nights before. “This chair has hits in it!” he declared. But he immediately felt bad about that, even if it worked to perfection. “I should’ve been in the dugout with my teammates,” he says, still. But all of this reveals the rich tapestry of who Hernandez was as a Met: on-the-field brilliance, delicate (and sometimes not-so-delicate) leadership. It’s his number going on the wall Saturday afternoon but it’s also his teammates’ memories, the number, 17, a snapshot of the most glorious days and nights of their lives, riding shotgun to The Essential Met. Johnson: “I never had to worry about us doing the smart thing on the field as long as I had that guy at first base.” Backman: “He made every player on the team feel like they were as important to our success as he was. We weren’t. But in the moment, he made us believe we could do anything.” Darling: “The greatest teammate I ever had. And maybe the greatest teammate there ever was.” Hernandez feels that love. He feels it, and sees it, every night he works the SNY microphone, too, as there are still plenty of No. 17 jerseys scattered in the crowd alongside the Alonso 20s and the deGrom 48s, almost 32 years after he took his final at-bat as a Met. He is a Rushmore Met now, and for eternity, and if he isn’t in the Hall of Fame as Seaver, Piazza and Stengel are, and as Hodges will be in a few weeks … well, that can always change. And even if it doesn’t, the bond will be eternal. And he knows why. “We literally turned around a last-place team in three years,” Hernandez says. “It takes 25 to win and I know I was an important piece of that to win 108 games, but I also know I’m not the kind of player who could’ve done that without a supporting cast. It was a perfect storm for me, and for us.” The number is a perfect tribute for that perfect storm. Forty-one lives forever as the Greatest Met. Seventeen will sit beside it to eternity remembering The Essential Met. Seaver and Hernandez deserve to share the same neighborhood. They built the best days and nights that the Mets have ever known.