Anyone here have a craving for chips, candy or other tempting treats? If yes, we have the best present for you, and it will arrive each month on your doorstep. We’re talking about snack subscription boxes, bringing the fun and excitement of trying new foods right to your front door. There are an abundance of meal delivery subscriptions out there — we know, we tried 23 of them — but not a whole lot when it comes to snacks. That’s why we did a deep dive to bring you our top picks. Read on for offerings from the United States, international finds from Asia and beyond. Plus, options that are tailored to either salty or sweet preferences. Let your tastebuds travel the world with Universal Yums. This snack box subscription curates all the best from one country at a time, sending you a surprise each month. Boxes start at $15 and include five to seven snacks, but you can also choose the $26 box for 10 to 12 snacks or the largest option at $41 for 18 to 20 items. Be it a box or a sack, as long as it is filled with snacks, we don’t care. Shop the SnackSack subscription on CrateJoy and get 11 to 13 snacks, each centered around a seasonal or flavor theme. Sign up for just one, or choose subscriptions lasting three, six or 12 months. Got a sweet tooth? This will solve that issue and then some. Candy Club sends six adorable (and reusable) tubs of candy to your doorstep, with options for gummies, chocolate and more in each order. Take a trip all around Asia with a full box of childhood favorites from an array of countries including Japan, China and Korea. This box is jam-packed with 20 to 25 different items, all centered around a monthly theme. They also come with stickers and cute surprises, delivered each month and shipped on the 25th. Bokksu’s orange box comes with 20 to 24 snacks, shipping directly from Japan. This is also a great learning opportunity, as the box will also come with a 16-page Culture Guide Magazine, explaining each treat and more facts about food culture in Japan. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.