Elon Musk surpassed 100 million Twitter followers this week, making him one of the most influential voices in America — if not the world. The dynamic Tesla CEO has now amassed more followers on the social media platform than President Joe Biden, who has 34 million followers, a fraction of his predecessor Donald Trump, who had 88 million Twitter followers while in office. Musk has over 80 million more followers than Vice President Kamala Harris, who has 19 million, and blows House Speaker Nancy Pelosi out of the water, who has a relatively unimpressive following of 7.4 million. As such, Musk has a louder megaphone than top-rated TV shows, podcasts and world leaders combined, and with that tremendous reach comes great responsibility. Here are five tweets Musk should post right now for the greater good. No. 1: Warn the public, especially youth, about the dangers of fentanyl-laced drugs killing Americans. Today, the leading cause of death for 18- to 45-year-old Americans is fentanyl-related drug overdoses, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It’s well-known that China is manufacturing fentanyl and in cahoots with Mexican drug cartels spiking street drugs with it, killing scores of unsuspecting Americans who don’t realize the drugs they think they’re taking such as Adderall, Xanax, Oxycodone and others have been laced with it. These deadly drugs are flowing too easily into our country via the porous southern border due to the Biden administration’s utter failure in implementing commonsense policies to secure the border. Musk should call them all out; China, Biden and his woefully incompetent “border czar” Kamala Harris, and other “open border” proponents turning a blind eye to the preventable massacre of tens of thousands of Americans. Enough! This is a glaring public health threat that requires immediate action. No. 2: For any justice system to work, it must be trusted by the people, and the only way to ensure that trust is for the US Department of Justice to implement justice fairly and equally to all. If the justice system becomes politicized and starts prosecuting Republicans more harshly than Democrats, the system breaks down, leading to America’s demise. Hence, Musk should tweet to Attorney General Merrick Garland asking if the pro-abortion “insurrectionists” who attacked the Arizona state legislature building on Friday following the Supreme Court’s overruling of Roe v. Wade will be treated the same by the DOJ as the alleged Jan. 6 “insurrectionists” that breached the Capitol. In case you missed it, last Friday, the Arizona Republican State Senate issued a press release titled “Law Enforcement Prevents Insurrection of State Senate While Lawmakers Conduct the People’s Work.” The release states, “Violent pro-abortion protestors attempts of an insurrection at the Arizona State Senate were thwarted Friday night, thanks to the swift action from local and state law enforcement. While Arizona State Senate members were wrapping up passing important legislation for the session, extremist demonstrators made their way to the entrance of the Senate building and began forcibly trying to make entry by breaking windows and pushing down doors. . . . As this terrifying situation unfolded, Senate President Karen Fann called a recess so that senators, staff and the public in attendance could evacuate to a secure location.” Sound familiar? No. 3: Musk should tweet that no woman or child who is a victim of rape or incest should be forced to carry a baby to term. Sexual-assault victims should be able to access an abortion in all 50 states without interference from the government or far-right officials. Just imagine if your 11-year-old child were raped by a sleazy relative or creep on the street. Would you want your traumatized daughter to become even more traumatized, if not suicidal, by being forced to have a baby with the sicko criminal who violently raped her? Absolutely not. Hence, Musk should tweet that states that have banned abortion should have an exemption for rape and incest victims. No ifs, ands or buts. No. 4: Tweet George Washington’s wise words on the importance of free speech. “If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.” All the more reason Twitter, Facebook, Google and other Big Tech companies must stop censoring those whose opinions they disagree with. No. 5: Remind others of Jacqueline Kennedy’s smart life advice. The former first lady to the 35th president said, “If you bungle raising your children, I don’t think whatever else you do matters very much.” All said, on June 18, the billionaire father of seven told his millions of followers, “I love all my kids so much.” Undoubtedly his best tweet to date.