A British beauty has revealed how a married man reportedly messaged her to propose a steamy hook-up — then lied about his age and pretended he was a widower to get her into bed. Dani Bose, 21, took to TikTok to tell the tawdry tale, sharing two videos about the would-be cheater that have collectively clocked up more than 1.1 million views. In her spare time, Bose makes money by “honeytrapping” men  — a practice whereby she is paid by suspicious women to flirt with their boyfriends or husbands online to see if they take the bait. In her latest videos, the brunette revealed she was contacted by a concerned wife wanting to know whether her hubby of 30 years was being unfaithful. “Hello,” the woman wrote, according to her clip. “My name is [redacted]. My daughter has shown me the ‘honeytrapping’ videos you make on social media. I would be interested in knowing your prices and having my husband tested please.” Bose decided to take the woman up on her offer and messaged the married man on WhatsApp about a boat he was selling. After some courteous conversation back and forth, the man suddenly became flirty, asking Bose’s age. The brunette responded that she was 28 before the shameless husband  — who was actually 53 — told her that he was 42. “I am an old man. Enjoy your youth it doesn’t last long,” the brazen man declared. Trying to see whether the man would be unfaithful, flirty Bose proposed they meet up for a bottle of wine, after cheekily declaring: “I like older men.” The man agreed — and even asked to book her a suite at a nearby hotel. When asked whether he was single, the man shockingly shot back: “Widowed.” Trying to see whether the liar would then be interested in bedding her, Bose responded: “So there wouldn’t be a problem with us meeting up and being intimate?” “Ok,” the man responded with a thumbs-up emoji. “So it’s okay?” Bose asked again. “Yes. Speak later,” the unfaithful man confirmed. Bose then forwarded the incriminating messages to his wife, who reportedly took the devastating news “graciously.” Hundreds of people on TikTok were unimpressed with the man’s attempted infidelity, with some cracking quips about how he was sprung while simply trying to sell his boat. “The wife has now taken him out on the boat and pushed him overboard with concrete boots on,” one joked. “Take the boat that the woman gets in the divorce as payment,” another stated. Meanwhile, one heartless commentator claimed the man’s straying was his wife’s fault, saying: “If she performed in bed at home he wouldn’t have responded to your message.” Bose spoke out about her “honeytrapping” side gig in an interview with The Daily Star, saying: “The reason I do this is because I see how much it helps girls and saves people from situations they didn’t even know were happening behind their back.” However, she’s not the only beauty to be making money from the deceptive practice. Back in March, Playboy model Carolina Lekker revealed she charges women a whopping $2,000 to slide into their man’s DMs to see whether they want to cheat. 