Get your eye out of the gutter. Puzzle lovers are blushing over this NSFW optical illusion, which reportedly reveals how sex-obsessed people are based on what they see. The scandalous image has been circulating the web for a while, but is currently going viral on social media as people try and prove they’re not perverts. [Warning: Spoilers below] “If you don’t see two stick figures dancing you’re not pure,” reads the description of the raunchy drawing on Reddit. At first glance, the scandalous illustration appears to depict the upper torso of a voluptuous naked woman, who boasts buxom breasts and curvaceous hips. However, if viewers focus their eyes really hard, they can begin to make out two symmetrical stick figures standing opposite each other, as if preparing to dance. Specifically, the woman’s hip and pelvic lines comprise their legs, her sides act as their thin torsos, with her nipples for their heads. Meanwhile, the curves of the woman’s breast make up the congruent groovers’ arms, which are raised in the air like they’re about to tango with each other. Don’t be flustered if you can’t see past the porn: According to TimesNowNews, 100% of people fail to spot the tiny dancers. This may or may not be related to the fact that the average man thinks about sex nearly 20 times per day, according to a 2014 study. Psychologists also state that our biased minds have a tendency to search for meaning within pictures, and that certain images stick out more based on our life experiences. Needless to say, the “sketchy” image had viewers straining their brains to spot the stick men amid the smut. “I see boob,” snarked one randy Redditor, while another wrote, “Still can’t see um.” Others took umbrage with the illusion’s creator for trying to label people as perverts. “Why are you drawing suggestive images with double meanings you impure person?” criticized one commenter. Another wrote, “If you can’t draw recognizable stick figures you’re not pure.” This isn’t the first optical illusion to be both X-rated and G-rated at the same time. Last month, viewers were baffled over an optical illusion that appeared to show either a wholesome family scene or a pornographic depiction, depending on how it was perceived. For a more family-friendly optical workout, check out this collection of G-rated corneal confusers, which includes everything from literal snakes in the grass to tests that make you go colorblind.