When Rosie Daniels gets dressed in the morning, it’s a battle of what she can wear, due to a debilitating skin condition that leaves her skin burning, itching and covered in scaly patches. Daniels, 22, from the UK, suffers from psoriasis: an immune-mediated skin disease that causes painful red blisters to break out over 80% of her body. Daniels was diagnosed with the condition – which Kim Kardashian also suffers from – at 12, explaining the painful rashes started on her scalp and gradually spread across the whole of her body, leaving her covered in bright red burning marks. Her irritated skin makes it difficult to wear tight-fitting clothes, making her feel like her entire body is sunburned and sometimes even bleeding if she itches too much — all of which she documents on TikTok to her 4.3 million followers. “It just feels too tight against my chest when I wear a bra – it really can be painful,” she tells NeedToKnow.online, adding it “really hurts.” “When it flares up it hurts to lay down in bed or change sleeping position,” she continues. “Not only is there really bad pain, but the itching becomes unbearable as well to the point where I will itch so much that my skin will bleed.” Daniels says she’s been given countless prescriptions to try different medical creams and ointments – but nothing seemed to work. “These creams work rapidly and do clear the flare in a matter of days but will always stop working for me a week after using them and my flare will return,” she explains. “Ever since then it’s been a case of trial and error.” After various treatments to control flare-ups including cutting gluten and eating a vegan diet, she turned to social media for help. “I speak so openly about my skin online. When it comes to anyone else suffering with psoriasis everyone is so different and unique as to why they have flared up,” she explains, adding there’s not one treatment that suits everyone. According to Mayo Clinic, psoriasis is a skin disease that causes a rash with itchy, scaly patches, most commonly on the knees, elbows, trunk and scalp. Rashes vary in color, and sufferers usually have dry, cracked skin that may bleed as well as itching, burning or soreness. According to the National Psoriasis Foundation, more than 8 million Americans suffer from psoriasis. Kim Kardashian shed some light on the debilitating condition in a heartfelt essay for Poosh.com in 2019, also revealing her struggle with psoriatic arthritis. Now, Daniels, who has 51,000 followers on Instagram, hopes she can do the same. “I want to raise awareness and normalize this skin condition as people and brands are still so unfamiliar with it,” she adds. “Another reason is to reach body confidence and for people to understand you don’t have to be perfect to be happy, just comfortable in your own skin.”