“Late Night Talking” will turn into late-night studying for some Texas college students. Texas State University in San Marcos is offering a class about Harry Styles starting in the spring of 2023. The course, titled “Harry Styles and the Cult of Celebrity: Identity, the Internet and European Pop Culture,” will be taught by Associate Professor of Digital History Dr. Louie Dean Valencia, who posted about it on social media over the weekend. “It’s official, official. I’m teaching the world’s first ever university course on the work of Harry Styles,” he wrote. The honors college course will focus on Styles’ music, in addition to “the cultural and political development of the modern celebrity as related to questions of gender and sexuality, race, class, nation and globalism, media, fashion, fan culture, internet culture, and consumerism,” according to the class flyer. Valencia told KXAN that he’s a “huge fan” of Styles and started listening to him during his One Direction days. He even went to see him in concert as part of Styles’ Love on Tour. “As a historian, I want the class to get to really see how the world has changed in the last 12 years or so, but also how to put that into historical context, through the lens of Harry Styles,” he told KXAN. The Post has reached out for comment on the curriculum from the “Watermelon Sugar” singer’s representatives. The idea for the course came from research Valencia started during the coronavirus lockdown in the summer of 2020. “When I couldn’t travel to do my regular research, I started researching Harry — focusing on his art, the ways masculinity has changed in the last decade, celebrity culture and the internet,” the professor told NBC Dallas-Fort Worth. “Harry Styles and the Cult of Celebrity” will function like a history class. Assignments will include studying his music — his solo albums and One Direction albums — and films, with readings from Susan Sontag, Alain de Botton, Haruki Murakami and more. Students will also be required to create their own podcast. Registration for the class begins this fall.