Chazz Palminteri. “Bullets Over Broadway” Oscar nominee. Best known for his “A Bronx Tale.” “I wanted to act at 10, wrote poetry at 15, then I stole things. Father was a $48-a-week bus driver. Home was a fifth-floor, $36-a-month walk-up. The Grand Concourse then was classy. I stole the lobby furniture. Friends and I would walk in then out carrying the couch and tables. Eventually buildings chained the stuff up. Once a detective visitor to our house said, ‘Wow, this is decorated better than my place.’ “Theater major in school, I loved reading. Eventually I wrote plays. I wrote the musical, movie and show ‘A Bronx Tale.’ I’m now doing a one-man show with Q&A afterward. And one night only at Town Hall for its anniversary. I still love it. So do people in Wisconsin and Utah who don’t know from The Bronx. “I also have two five-star restaurants. Chazz Palminteri on West 46th Street, another in White Plains and I’m on TV in ‘Godfather of Harlem’ and ‘Gravesend.’ ” Love him, watch him, but to invite him over — first chain the coffee table. Steve Bannon — old school, Navy, multiple wives, roots in the Old Country, knows about the Fighting Irish. Former Trump White House brain, currently two contempt of Congress convictions, the battle’s over executive privilege. His war is to preserve it. His case being he’s brave enough to fight to save the rights and privileges of America’s president. And is willing to face a few years behind bars to prove it. His message to me for you is: “I do not and will not ever cave.” I called Huma recently. Days later I’m at an event and over trotted her ex Anthony Weiner to repeat to me exactly what I’d said to Huma. So let’s don’t anybody say she’s not busy with that Weiner anymore. Que pasa with our unUnited States? Alaska’s disappearing, New York’s scrambling, California’s got migrants and vagrants, South Dakota’s in the lavatory, Illinois forget, Arizona had 152 fires, Nevada has drought, nobody cares what’s with Minnesota and in DC — District of Chaos — Biden only recognizes his son, his brother, his accountant and reps from the AARP. New York Times obit reporter Penelope Green, referring to me as the late international designer Carleton Varney’s forever friend, wrote about me as “the caustic” New York City columnist. Me? Caustic? Whothehell she calling caustic? With Circle in the Square’s new musical “KPOP” opening this fall, the Mets gave leading lady Luna a Korean Heritage Night at Citi Field’s home plate. Owner Steve Cohen’s suite even served plates of kimchi . . . The Paul Newman doc produced a memory: Ducking Lincoln Center’s intermission, he hit the Empire Hotel for a beer. Two females sent a napkin over for his signature. Instead, he bought them a round, ordered the barkeep, “Put it on my check,” then split. Told to enjoy the ballet, he rolled his eyes and said, “I’ll try.” Speaking of drinking, this poor soul weaved into an East Side ginmill, laid his head on the bar and ordered a double bourbon. “No,” said the barkeep. “You can’t even lift your head.” “OK,” said the drunk, “then give me a haircut.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.