The Celtics don’t agree with LeBron James’ recent comments in which the Lakers star said he believes the team “had something to do with” selling a shirt that said “F–k LBJ.” A spokesperson for the Celtics told the Boston Globe in a statement that the team does not sell apparel at its team store that disparages James, or any other player. James made waves when he took aim at Boston fans — whom he called “racist as f–k” — in the latest episode of Uninterrupted’s “The Shop” on Friday. The four-time NBA Champion became part-owner of the Red Sox last year. “There was like a ‘f–k LBJ’ T-shirt,” James said. “I believe they probably sold it at the f–kin’ team shop. … They sold it at the team shop. I’m like, ‘the Celtics had something to do with that s–t.’” During the episode, James was asked by his business partner Maverick Carter which opposing team’s fans have the biggest impact on the game — and without hesitation, James chose Boston. “Because they racist as f–k, that’s why,” the Lakers star said, smiling. “They will say anything. And it’s fine. I mean, f–k, it’s my life. I’ve been dealing with my whole life. I don’t mind it. Like, I hear it. Like, if I hear somebody close by, I’ll check them real quick. I’ll move on to the game. They’re going to say whatever the f–k they want to say. They might throw something on you. I mean, I got a beer thrown on me leaving the game. Like, it’s Boston.” Carter added that TD Garden “is one place in America that you go and they have shirts that say, ‘F–k LeBron,’ like whole sections.” Back in 2017, James said he couldn’t “recall ever hearing” something racist directed towards him at TD Garden. The behavior of Celtics fans this past season has been called out by a number of players and their families, as well as coaches. During the NBA Finals, Warriors coach Steve Kerr and star guard Klay Thompson complained about “f–k you Draymond [Green]” chants that echoed throughout TD Garden. Green’s wife, Hazel Renee ripped Celtics fans after Boston beat the Warriors 116-100 in Game 3 for “chanting obscenities” about her husband in front of their kids. Ayesha Curry also trolled Celtics fans on social media for creating pins that said she “can’t cook” after the Warriors beat Boston in six games to win it all. Nets star Kyrie Irving spoke about hearing racist remarks from Celtics fans prior to Brooklyn’s first-round playoff series against Boston last year. A Celtics fan threw a water bottle at Irving as he walked through the tunnel to the locker room after the Nets beat the Celtics in Game 4. On Monday, former Celtic Kendrick Perkins said on ESPN’s “First Take” that Boston fans “do cross the line” toward opposing teams. “I spent eight-and-a-half years there, maybe because I was on the Celtics I didn’t experience racism… I will say this, the fans in Boston do cross the line and hit below the belt when it comes down to being disrespectful… The fans are too damn disrespectful when it comes to apposing teams coming to Boston,” he said. Perkins also recalled seeing posters in the stands that were “very disrespectful,” and pointed out a specific one that contained a message about James’ mother, Gloria.