Deals for Days? You’re speaking our language. Back again for 2022, Walmart is holding their highly anticipated “Deals for Days” sale event, with markdowns you won’t believe. Overlapping with Amazon Prime Day, the Walmart Deals for Days Sale is going on right now, from July 11 through July 14. This gives shoppers two more full days of shopping, one before and one after Prime Day, so make sure to keep reading for more details and our top picks. Since the sale spans almost every category from tech and electronics to fashion and beauty, we rounded up some key deals you don’t want to miss. The best part is that the prices are guaranteed to meet or beat those of Amazon’s, so be sure to make your wishlists ASAP and shop quickly before coveted items are gone. Shop the sale here, and then read on for our hero products from the Deals for Days sale event 2022. Get a brand new Chromebook for more than 50% off, and use those savings to shop the rest of the sale. This 11-inch laptop is great for back-to-school or commuting to the office, now under $100. This deal is so 2020 and we love it that way. Mainly because the 2020 iPad Air is now just under $100 off the ticket price, helping you game, stream, work and more from anywhere. This may be the best tablet deal in the galaxy — at least from July 11 through the 14th. Save $200 on the Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 Plus that comes with 128GB of storage and the S Pen included. If you’re smart, you know investing in a smart TV is the way to go. Shop the onn. 50-inch RoKu Smart TV and save more than $100 for a very limited time only. Give your entertainment room some TLC with a new television from TCL. The 32-inch TV is equipped with Roku Smart TV capabilities, letting you stream instantly from your favorite apps and subscription services. Move as swift as a shark this week if you want to catch this great deal. The coveted Shark robot vacuum is now on sale for more than $200 off the normal price, making now the time to snap this vacuum up. Dust, mop and more all at once with this easy-to-use vacuum and mop hybrid. The Shark VACMOP comes with the actual device, 12 disposable duster pads and a full bottle of cleaning solution, all for just $50. No backyard for the barbecue? No problem, when you have a PowerXL Grill Air Fryer. This device combines the grill and the air fryer, making it perfect for meats and seafood, fried fare, veggies and more. Only real shopping ninjas know about this $10 off deal. Get this compact Ninja Nutri-Blender for only $30 during the Deals for Days sale at Walmart and make smoothies, soups, dressings and more in a snap all summer long. Be the barbecue boss of your backyard with the Pit Boss 700FB. This sturdy black grill can be used with wood pellets, giving food the classic and delicious smokey taste not achieved elsewhere. It’s no surprise that these bestselling dolls are on deal for the biggest sale of the season. Get the LOL Surprise OMG Dollhouse now for more than $100 off and get over 85 different surprises inside — not a bad deal at all if you ask us. Did you know you can order Blue Apron meals from Walmart? We didn’t either, until now that is. Get in on this amazing deal, offering three meals with four family-sized portions each for $80 total, saving you money on groceries and time when preparing. Sit back and relax after a full day of online shopping with this portable massage device from HoMedics. The Percussion Pro has two pressure points to target sore muscles that can also be heated up for ultimate relaxation. Skip the barber and head to Walmart.com. This Braun Series 7 kit comes with the full works, including the shaver device, multiple sizes of clippers, a cleaning brush, stand and a travel case. The best part? All of this goes for only $150, now $20 off the normal price. Dress to impress this season with styles from celebrity and fashion icon, Sofia Vergara. Her line is sold at Walmart, and we couldn’t help but notice that this ruffled dress is only $10. This Champion brand hoodie is better than any gold medal, as it is cozy enough for all seasons and now marked down for less than $50. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.