Agonizing photos show a grieving woman lying on her dead husband after he was killed in Russian airstrikes in Ukraine Thursday — as the country’s relentless invasion nears the five-month mark. The latest civilian casualties in Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city, mark the third consecutive day in which Ukrainians were murdered in Russian bombardments. The airstrikes killed at least two people and injured 19 others. Harrowing photos of the assault’s aftermath show a woman mourning the killing of her husband as his bloodied body lay on the ground. Another showed her in agony as others nearby tried in vain to console her. The widespread devastation left others weeping helplessly in the street, photos show. Oleh Synehubov, governor of the Kharkiv region, confirmed the latest deaths and injuries, Reuters reported. Four of the 19 wounded were in serious condition, he said. Russia has continued to deny deliberately targeting civilians since invading Ukraine on Feb. 24 — in what President Vladimir Putin has called a “special military operation.” Meanwhile, the attacks have left many Ukrainian towns and cities in ruins. Kharkiv’s mayor, Ihor Terekhov, said on Telegram that one of the most densely populated areas of the city was being targeted, CNN reported. “The occupier is hitting public transport stops” for the second consecutive day, Terekhov said. But despite the continuous shelling in and around Kharkiv since May, Synehubov reportedly said Russian forces have “not taken new territory — not a single meter.” “Our forces are holding their positions and trying to move forward,” Synehubov said. “But the enemy focused its attention precisely on the defense of its own positions. It is not leaving Kharkiv region voluntarily.” Russian bombardments also damaged a school building in Kramatorsk, photos show. Rescuers were at the site in Ukraine’s Donetsk region Thursday sifting through the rubble. There was no immediate word on casualties connected to the attack. The latest assault comes after Ukraine’s presidential office said at least 13 civilians were killed and 40 other wounded by Russian bombardments across the country between Tuesday and Wednesday. Three Ukrainians were killed Wednesday, including a 13-year-old boy whose father held his dead son’s hand as his body was covered with a tarp in front of a decimated bus shelter in Kharkiv. A 69-year-old man and his wife also died in the attack. With Post wires