Carmen Electra has no plans to stop being a sex symbol anytime soon. The 50-year-old “Baywatch” icon joined OnlyFans this past May and is adamant about taking hold of her Hollywood persona with the subscription-based adult platform. Electra opened up about becoming a user, telling Fox News: “What I realized is that OnlyFans is a safe place where you can be your own creator.” She noted that she is her “own creative director, my own stylist, my own visionary.” “You’re one-on-one with the fans, so they can do requests, and I love it. It can be really, really fun,” the “Scary Movie” star gushed. “And I’ve had a blast creating photos, getting videos, and just allowing my fans to follow me wherever I go on these journeys in my life. That’s exactly what I wanted to do.” “There’s no one telling you what to do; I’m my own boss,” she continued, admitting that her OnlyFans experiences are “intense and very empowering.” “It’s so self-empowering. And creatively, I’ve always had so many fun and creative ideas, and there’s been times when I’ve been able to follow through with those with different projects I’m working on,” she said. The “Cheaper by the Dozen 2” actress also explained that having creative control is appealing. “There are other times when that’s not what it is. If I’m shooting a movie or hosting and that’s just not what the vibe is, I love doing my job and that’s fine. But, now I feel like I’m almost like my own editor and I can pull out something I don’t like. You know, I can shoot for days, take a break, whatever … It’s entirely up to me.” Electra also looked back on the early days of her film career, revealing that she would just be going to the mall in Los Angeles and people would randomly come up to her and ask if she was in the film biz. “I didn’t have enough money to buy anything, but I would look in the store and people would walk up to me and say, ‘Are you an actress? Are you a model?’ And they would ask me the same things and would say, ‘You should get into acting!’ Or ‘You should do this, do that.” “I think with OnlyFans, I heard about it multiple times to the point where I decided to look into it,” she added. The former Playboy model turned 50 in April and announced the news that she was becoming a part of the OnlyFans community a month later, posting a sexy video on Instagram and writing: “My OnlyFans page has launched Come watch me be the boss woman I am!”