This 16-room penthouse, spread across three floors, has played a starring role in Haart’s Netflix show, “My Unorthodox Life” — and has also been a battleground for Haart and her estranged husband, Silvio Scaglia. The 51-year-old brunette filmed the upcoming second season of her reality hit in the 10,000-square-foot apartment at 70 Vestry Street while going through her highly-publicized divorce from  Scaglia, after being sacked from her role as CEO at Elite World Group. Haart has had her four children and friends filming with her, Page Six is told, for the series, which is slated to return in December. And most recently, she bickered with Italian billionaire Scaglia over her use of the property to host a fundraiser for Beto O’Rourke, while claiming that she owns half the apartment. Asked where Haart plans to move to, one source said: “I have no idea.” After the split in February, Scaglia decamped to an apartment around the corner. The home, which is available fully furnished, boasts a private elevator, as well as two chef’s kitchens, five bedrooms, five bathrooms and three powder rooms.  Photos show off the modern furniture, with stunning views in the distance. The penthouse is at the top of the Robert A.M. Stern building where Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen have a pied-à-terre, and where Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton owns a $40.7 million bachelor pad. Scaglia, 63, bought the property, which features stunning sunset views of the Hudson River and a sprawling terrace on each of the three levels, back in 2018. He paid $56 million, using Haart’s then son-in-law Benjamin Weinstein as the broker, and the deal went through using an LLC owned by Scaglia’s company, Freedom Holding (which owns Elite World Group). Amid their bitter divorce, the couple recently went to court in Delaware, where Haart argued that she owned half of EWG after being gifted a share of the company by her ex. But in May, a Delaware judge made the interim decision that Haart doesn’t own 50 percent of the preferred shares of Freedom Holding. Haart — who is accused in a separate lawsuit of taking millions of dollars in company funds by her ex — has now filed a lawsuit in Manhattan Supreme Court claiming that Scaglia owes her hundreds of millions of dollars for helming EWG and for her shares of the company, which she says she helped grow at least ten-fold. She also claimed that her estranged Italian businessman husband is a “liar and a fraud” and not really a billionaire. In response, a lawyer for Scaglia claimed that Haart was “ignoring the Delaware court decision that has already been decided against her allegations in this latest lawsuit. ‘Fake it ’til you make it’ won’t make it in a court of law — as she has discovered.” Scaglia and Haart were unavailable for comment.