The Angels, perhaps for the first time, are listening to trade offers for Shohei Ohtani. Teams have been calling regarding potential deals for the two-way phenom, and while a trade involving the unique superstar is seen as very unlikely, the Angels are not hanging up the phone. The Angels are telling teams they need to listen to offers for everyone following the surprise collapse of their team off a very strong start that had them in first place in May. That doesn’t mean all-time great Mike Trout has a chance to be dealt: He has a no-trade clause, is currently battling a back issue and is playing under a long-term deal. A trade involving Ohtani might be only slightly more likely, considering longtime Angels owner Arte Moreno loves his biggest stars and seems to be more involved than most owners. Two executives calling about Ohtani expressed doubt that the Angels would pull the trigger on such a megadeal based on the history of the team and the owner. Two executives with interest rated it this way: “Very slim,” and “almost zero.” A third said: “They want something like your top four prospects.” While the Angels most likely to be traded are starter Noah Syndergaard, closer Raisel Iglesias and relievers Ryan Tepera and Aaron Loup, they have been engaging when rival executives have mentioned Ohtani. A deal for the 2018 AL Rookie of the Year won’t be easy, because it would involve putting together a massive haul, plus ownership approval, in the five days left before the Aug. 2 trade deadline. No surprise, word is it would take something absolutely eye-popping for the Angels to even seriously consider dealing Ohtani. The 2021 MVP is back in that race again as he combines tremendous pitching and hitting exploits. The teams currently trying for Nationals superstar outfielder Juan Soto are the most logical ones to make calls regarding Ohtani, as they are the aggressive teams with enough prospects to give themselves a chance. The Padres, Rangers, Dodgers, Cardinals and Mariners are among teams in the mix for Soto, but it isn’t known which teams have called about Ohtani, who would provide the extra benefit of being an incredible drawing card and marketing tool. The other plus is that he is making just $5 million in the second year of a two-year deal, and would more than pay for himself in marketing opportunities. He won’t be a free agent until after 2023 (Soto will be free after 2024). Ohtani’s pitching has actually improved this year. He is 9-5 with a 2.80 ERA and 134 strikeouts in 93 ¹/₃ innings. He has 21 home runs this year after hitting 46 last year in winning the MVP award unanimously.