The Big Apple is back. A projected 207% more international visitors are expected to flock to Gotham this year as compared to 2021, city tourism officials told The Post. There are expected to be 8.3 million foreign tourists in 2022, up from 2.7 million last year, said NYC & Company. Domestic tourism is also rebounding, with 48.2 million Americans predicted to swarm NYC this year, up nearly 60% from the 30.2 million in 2021. Overall, New York is estimated to receive 56 million visitors in 2022 — a 70% surge from 2021, when 33 million people journeyed to the city that never sleeps. During the height of the pandemic, residents of more than 30 countries were banned from traveling to the US. The resulting loss of tourism, coupled with government coronavirus restrictions, led to the closure of thousands of New York restaurants and hotel rooms, industry groups say. Last month, the CDC lifted its requirement for travelers to test negative for COVID-19 before entering the United States, paving the way for the tourism boost. Most international visitors must be fully vaccinated. Officials also expect: The UK, Canada and France show the most growth in business travel predictions for 2022, said Chris Heywood, executive vice president for NYC & Company. “The UK is a critically important market. It is typically our number one source of international travel,” Heywood said. The growth in international travelers is expected to continue in 2023, with 11.4 million visitors anticipated, NYC & Company said. Despite the pandemic and soaring crime rates in the city, many tourists still love NYC. “It is a huge thing for us to come here, especially by our friends, like wow it’s so good,” said Angela Osuna, who traveled from Colombia. Californian Joe Rivas said, “We just got here late last night. This is our first time around, and the energy is crazy, it is way different than LA. The energy is good and the pizza is great.” However, Patricia Rodriguez, of Miami, can’t stand New York anymore. “The schools are horrible, the neighborhoods are getting worse, the crime is getting worse,” she said. “I’m only visiting because my mom still lives here.”