It’s gonna be hot and juicy in the Big Apple. The oppressively muggy heatwave that has scorched the city will worsen this weekend as temperatures soar to a potentially record-breaking high of 98, forecasters said. “It’s going to feel like you’re walking through a swamp, the air will be thick and sticky — and it will take a lot out of you to do normal activities,” FOX Weather meteorologist Stephanie Van Oppen told The Post. “It’s the most extreme heat we’ve had in a long time.” A heat advisory will continue through the weekend, with Saturday afternoon expected to hit a steamy high of 95 then cool to a low of 79 at night Sunday is forecast to be extremely humid with a high of 98 degrees — potentially eclipsing New York City’s record of 97, set in Central Park in 2010, Van Oppen said. “It will feel over 100 degrees,” she said, adding temps will only drop to a low of 84 on Sunday night. “The heat radiates off the buildings, and there won’t be relief until Monday.” The sizzling temperatures are 10 to 15 degrees higher than what the city typically sees in late July, she said, adding New Yorkers should stay hydrated and inside with air conditioning, if possible. “Heat like this is really stressful for your body,” she said.“Make sure having beverages that hydrate you, not dehydrate you, like caffeine or alcohol,” she said. “Make sure you’re really listening to your body.” The sweltering weather put a damper on some folks’ weekend plans, including participants in Sunday’s New York City Triathlon, which reduced the length of its running and cycling events. Race organizers shortened the event’s biking leg from 24.8 to 12.4 miles, and its running event from 6.2 miles to 2.5 miles due to the heat, irking some athletes who paid roughly $400 to compete. “While it is disappointing to reduce the length of both races, our number one priority is to do all we can to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our competitors, volunteers, medical personnel and spectators,” the New York City Triathlon announced its Facebook page Thursday night. “Seriously!?” one participant raged in the comments section. “The race has to be turned into something that isn’t even worth getting out of bed for? 2.5 mile run?!” Another participant fumed, “I understand this decision but have to say as a consumer, I’m done with this race unless it gets moved to a cooler month. This happens almost every year now… a lot of $ for a sprint.” The heat is forecast to break slightly on Monday with a high of 94 with possible showers, and Tuesday is expected to be partly sunny with a high of 86 degrees. The average temperature on July 24 in New York City is 85 degrees while the record-low for the day was set at 67 degrees in 1904.