Victoria Beckham didn’t “Wannabe” on a scale in front of a live TV audience in the late 1990s. But alas, the Spice Girls member, 48, was coerced into weighing herself on the British chat show “TFI Friday” in May 1999 — just two months after welcoming her son Brooklyn. Posh Spice recalled the embarrassing event during an interview with Vogue Australia. “I went on a TV show with Chris Evans many years ago and I’d just had Brooklyn and lost a lot of weight after,” the designer said of the humiliating incident. “It happened to my mum after her pregnancies. It doesn’t mean you have an eating disorder. And he made me stand on the scales to be weighed.” “Can you imagine doing that nowadays?” Beckham added. In the clip, Evans, 56, asked the English superstar about her new baby and her husband, footballer David Beckham. “A lot of girls want to know, because you look fantastic again, how did you get back to your shape after birth?” Evans inquired. Beckham revealed at the time that she wasn’t working out as much because she was “lazy.” The radio host then asked if her weight was “back to normal.”  The fashion icon noted that her weight was fine and Evans took out a body scale from under his desk. He petitioned her to get on it and implored her: “Can I check, do you mind?” Beckham, who called the stunt “horrible,” sheepishly stepped on the scale and Evans revealed the number to his audience. “Eight stone’s [112 lbs.] not bad at all, is it?” he said at the time. Beckham also discussed in her interview with the Australian publication the names that people have called her over the course of her career. “I’ve had ‘Porky Posh,’ I’ve had ‘Skeletal Posh.’ After I had Brooklyn, there was a picture pointing to every single part of my body where I had to focus on losing the weight from,” she recounted. The mother of four also told Grazia earlier this year about how the idea of being too thin is “old-fashioned.” Beckham — who loves eating “whole-grain toast with salt on it” — is explained that women nowadays “want to look healthy, and curvy. They want to have some boobs — and a bum.” When asked about her own small physique, she responded: “It’s not about being a certain size. It’s about knowing who you are and being happy with who you are. I have found my own balance between wanting to have fun and being disciplined about eating healthily and working out. When you’re younger you fight against that balance, but through being older I’ve reached a place where I know what that balance looks like. I just know what works for me.”