President Biden suggested he would welcome going head-to-head with Donald Trump again in 2024. “I’m not predicting, but I would not be disappointed,” Biden said in an interview with Israeli outlet Channel 12 on Wednesday. “The one thing I know about politics — and American politics in particular — is there’s no way to predict what’s going to happen,” Biden, 79, continued. “I’m not even halfway through my term yet, and so there’s a lot of room to figure out what’s going to happen.” Trump, who was elected in 2016 and defeated by Biden in 2020, told the New Yorker last month that he was “very close to making a decision” about what would be his third consecutive presidential campaign. Biden landed in Israel Wednesday for a four-day visit to the Middle East. He met with Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid Thursday morning and will meet Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman of Saudi Arabia on Friday. Biden’s comments come just a day after a recent poll revealed disappointing stats about the leader’s future in office. The New York Times/Siena College poll referenced in the exchange showed that while 92% of Democrats would vote for Biden if Trump was his Republican opponent in 2024, almost two-thirds (64%) would prefer the party pick a different candidate. The poll also found that 94% of Democrats under the age of 30 don’t want Biden at the top of the ticket. The survey also contained dire news for Biden and Democrats heading into the November midterm elections. It showed that Biden’s job approval rating was at a concerning 33% and that ​77% of Americans believe the country is moving in the wrong direction. When asked why they would prefer a candidate other than Biden in 2024, 33% of Democrats pointed to his age, 32% cited his job performance, 12% said they just prefer someone new, 10% said Biden isn’t progressive enough, and 4% doubted his ability to win re-election. Meanwhile, the poll also showed that fewer than half of Republican voters would support Trump if the GOP primary were held today. The poll shows the 45th president losing support among young voters and those with at least a college degree. Figures show that Trump has the backing of 49% of Republican voters, followed by Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis with 25%.