Police are on the hunt for at least two new Big Apple serial sex attackers — including one caught on camera pouncing on a woman in Manhattan just days before he tried to rape another in Brooklyn. The NYPD appealed for help finding both men late Wednesday — a week after asking for leads on another pervert wanted for at least three attacks. The force on Thursday also released new video and images of yet another sex pest wanted for groping two women in the Bronx a week ago. The most alarming appeal came for an electric scooter-riding perv who had already been pictured fleeing a Carroll Gardens subway station after attacking a 20-year-old woman just before 6 a.m. Saturday. He has now been linked to another attack three days earlier, when a 33-year-old woman was grabbed on the Upper West Side just after midnight Wednesday last week. The victim said a man on an electric scooter — just like the one seen in earlier appeals for the perv — grabbed her from behind at 137 W. 69th St. and dragged her into a secluded area out of view from the street. He started groping her and trying to have sex — before suddenly running away, as caught on video footage filmed from above. The victim, seen struggling to her feet in the footage, suffered cuts and scratches and was treated by EMS at the scene, police said. Her slim-framed attacker — thought to be only around 20 — was wearing white sneakers, dark pants and a white T-shirt with an “NY” logo. He was also pushing the electric scooter that he was seen carrying through turnstiles the night he pounced in Brooklyn, when he was wearing a stars-and-stripes shirt and a Brooklyn Nets cap, according to the NYPD. In that attack, he again grabbed a woman from behind, putting his hand over the 20-year-old victim’s mouth to try to stop her screaming as he groped her, cops said. However, he failed and fled when she started yelling for help, police said. The victim in that attack also suffered minor injuries but declined medical attention, according to cops. At the same time as those attacks were deemed a “citywide sex crime pattern,” the NYPD also appealed for help finding a man who “forcibly grabbed” women’s buttocks in six attacks downtown over just two afternoons, July 20 and July 21. The bald groper, thought to be about 6 feet tall, was last seen wearing a black T-shirt and shorts with a blue-and-orange Knicks jersey tied around his waist, police said. On Thursday, meanwhile, officers provided clearer images and video footage of a man accused of groping two women in the Bronx a week ago. He allegedly groped the butts of two women — ages 25 and 26 — then ran away when they protested. Neither was injured, cops said.