After a half-season of good health, Luis Severino has landed back on the injured list — with an all-too-familiar diagnosis. The Yankees placed Severino on the 15-day IL Thursday with a “low-grade lat strain,” a day after the right-hander pulled himself from a start against the Reds after just two innings. In April 2019, Severino was diagnosed with a Grade 2 lat strain, which came on the heels of rotator cuff inflammation. He did not return to the Yankees until September that season. While the new diagnosis appears to be less severe than the 2019 version, it remains to be seen how long Severino will be out. Dr. James Giordano, an MD in orthopedic surgery at Ridgewood Orthopedic Group who is fellowship-trained in sports medicine, said Severino could be facing at least a four-to-six week recovery process. “Usually, the milder ones that are treated more aggressively, it still takes four-to-six weeks to get back from those,” said Giordano, who has not looked at Severino’s imaging. “That’s being aggressive, that’s assuming it’s mild. … If it tends to drag on or they take it more slowly or it turns out to be a more severe grade, it would be more like as much as three or four months.” Severino’s velocity was down in his outing Wednesday — he averaged 94.1 mph on his fastball after averaging 96.1 mph on the season — which was a clear cause for concern. He said had woken up with a tight shoulder, but it did not loosen up like he thought it would throughout the night. On Thursday, after undergoing an MRI exam, but before the diagnosis was revealed, Severino said he was still “a little sore.” “I’m not an expert in injuries, but I don’t think it’s [anything] bad,” Severino said. Severino was hopeful he could have a quick recovery, but instead he will be sidelined as the Yankees’ rotation deals with its first injury of the season. In the short term, the club called up Ryan Weber from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to take Severino’s roster spot and provide length out of the bullpen, a night after relievers were forced to cover eight innings. The Yankees won’t need a fifth starter until after the All-Star break, so they will go with the extra bullpen arm until then. Internal candidates to take Severino’s spot in the rotation include Domingo German — who will make another rehab start Friday for SWB — as well as Clarke Schmidt and JP Sears. Sears was optioned to Triple-A on Wednesday night after throwing 3 ²/₃ innings in relief of Severino, but he will be eligible to be recalled by July 24 — the day of the Yankees’ fifth game back out of the break — or sooner if he is replacing an injured player. Severino’s injury could also lead the Yankees to add another starting pitcher through the trade market ahead of the Aug. 2 deadline — something they were already exploring, amid workload concerns for Severino and Nestor Cortes. One of the top trade candidates, Reds right-hander Luis Castillo, started Thursday night at Yankee Stadium. The lat strain was the latest injury blow for Severino, who had made 16 starts with a 3.45 ERA across 86 innings this season. The Yankees were already monitoring his workload since he threw only 18 innings combined over the previous three seasons. Since signing a four-year, $40 million extension ahead of the 2019 season, Severino has spent plenty of time on the IL. In 2019, he dealt with rotator cuff inflammation and the Grade 2 lat strain before a late-season return. In 2020, he underwent Tommy John surgery, with his comeback in 2021 delayed by a groin strain and then shoulder tightness. Given that injury history, manager Aaron Boone was glad Severino made the call to remove himself Wednesday after throwing a warmup pitch ahead of the third inning. “He obviously knows his body well,” Boone said. “With the injury history he’s had over the last few years and what he’s had to deal with, we’re not going to mess with it. He was clear with, ‘I’m not going to do anything stupid here.’ ” Severino said he felt OK in the first inning against the Reds, despite the diminished velocity, but that his shoulder got tighter after he tried to add more velocity in the second inning.