The cynics and the skeptics are in full voice now, a hum that has become a buzz and will soon become a roar the closer the Knicks and the Jazz come to pulling the trigger on a deal involving Donovan Mitchell. He may be a three-time All-Star, but Mitchell doesn’t seem to be universally beloved by Knicks fans, not yet. One reason for that: Though I recognized RJ Barrett had assumed the status of the Knicks’ most popular player sometime in the middle of last year, I was unaware that he’d somehow morphed into a Garden folk hero already. Judging by the reaction of many, many readers, fans are prepared to lie in front of any car taking Barrett to the airport. So let’s forget about the potential price for a second. There are still reservations. Size, for one. Mitchell — like his would-be running mate, Jalen Brunson — is 6-foot-1. There have been successful small backcourts — Isiah Thomas (6-1) and Joe Dumars (6-3) leap to mind — but we have become used to people like 6-10 Ben Simmons identifying himself as a “guard.” So matching 6-1s is concerning for some. Next up: defense. And yes, most Knicks fans were raised on the religion of defense — whether it was the “Deeee-fense!” chant that filled the Garden during the championship days or the ferocious methods preached by Pat Riley and Jeff Van Gundy. And Tom Thibodeau has been known to write sonnets about defense in his spare time. (Not true; they’re actually haikus.) And … well, Brunson isn’t known for his defensive prowess, and Mitchell has been accused of being a devout adherent to the matador method. It is a fair issue. Someone wondered if a Brunson-Mitchell pairing might not ensure that Mitchell Robinson would set an NBA record for personal fouls in a season by trying to offset the parade of opposing guards gleefully cruising to the rim. (For the record, that dubious mark — at least for now — belongs to Darryl Dawkins, who had 386 fouls in 1983-84 for the Nets, an average of 4.8 per game.) OK. Duly noted. It still says here that a Brunson-Mitchell pairing would electrify the Garden in a way it hasn’t been charged since Clyde Frazier and Pearl Monroe. And you know something? There were skeptics in those days, too. Frazier has admitted to wondering how Monroe would fit in. Monroe was known as a shoot-first, shoot-only guard, which would’ve been anathema to those hit-the-open-man Knicks. Funny thing though. Red Holzman was the coach, and his voice commanded any room he was in. He believed that pairing would work, and he was a smart enough salesman to make sure Clyde and Pearl bought in. Yes, Frazier brought an element of defense to that backcourt that neither Brunson nor Mitchell possesses, but ask yourself this: When you see highlights of that terrific twosome, how often do you see how tightly they were guarding Jerry West or Oscar Robertson? How often do you see them trapping someone? No, when we see Clyde and Pearl — and when we remember them — it’s the two of them making sweet music on a fast break, or out of the Knicks’ rapid-fire half-court sets. Every basketball fan loves to pretend they’re Buddy Ryan every now and again, fire-and-brimstoning defense. But it’s the other side of the court that brings the noise. And the object of the game, still, is to score more points than the other guys. And Thibodeau, at his best, commands a locker room as Holzman once did. If he buys into this duo enough for the deal to happen, he’ll make damn sure the two of them do, too. And at the end of the day, the first thing the Knicks need to do is inject life and energy into their fan base, into the Garden. Every now and again these past 25 or so years, we’ve gotten fleeting remembrances of what the place can sound like when the fans buy in, when they feel the kind of energy only the marriage of a good team and a great building can yield. The Knicks had that once with Clyde and Pearl. They had it again when Derek Harper and John Starks were clicking — which was also the last time the Knicks had a backcourt worth getting excited about, worth the price of admission. That’s what a Brunson-Mitchell marriage would bring. It would be an important step not only toward being relevant again, but also toward being fun again. And how often the last couple of decades have we used “Knicks” and “fun” in the same sentence?