Last week, North Carolina mom Sonya Bonczek took to Twitter to post about some issues she was having with organizing a birthday party for her preschooler. The lighthearted tweet struck a serious nerve. “Been running into dads of my 3yo’s classmates and asking for their emails for his birthday party and so far 3 out of 3 dads have proceeded to give me their wives’ emails instead,” her tweet read. More than 13,300 retweeted Bonczek, with many mothers realizing they’ve experienced the same treatment. Some fathers claimed their wives are just “better” at keeping the social calendar, or in an unexpectedly ridiculous turn, claimed they felt uncomfortable giving a woman who wasn’t their wife or partner their personal details. “If one of the mum’s said they needed my e-mail address ‘to organise a birthday party,’ then I wouldn’t give my personal one, just in case my wife found out and thought I was having an affair,” one father responded to the tweet. “She’s the master of the calendar,” claimed another. “She tells me where and when, and I get it done. I don’t want to network with kids’ playmates.” According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, both parents are now employed outside the home in more than 62% of families with children. But, when it comes to work around the house — most notably in organizing and planning — women seem to be doing the majority of the heavy lifting. A survey by Pew Research Center revealed that 74% of American mothers say they manage their children’s schedules and activities. Only 3% say their husband or partner does more of the organizing. “Men still feel this helper role, where ‘you tell me what to do, and I’ll do that list of tasks,’ ” Kate Mangino, a gender expert and author of “Equal Partners: Improving Gender Equality at Home,” told The Post. “It’s better than doing nothing — but it’s certainly not sharing in that cognitive labor.” She added that, “We have improved in the last 50 or 60 years but . . . We still have quite a bit of work to do.” Brandi Thompson Ullian, a Brooklyn mom of two, would agree. She said she knows the names of all her children’s doctors, teachers, friends and friends’ parents, while her partner doesn’t. “I’m 95% sure my husband has no idea [about] any of those people,” she noted. “The mental load of motherhood — it’s not [just] the division of labor and the physical things that you do with stuff like cleaning and cooking and all that other stuff — it’s a lot of mental things.” Some dads are trying to do better. After becoming a parent in 2016, Keegan Albaugh launched Dad Guild in 2019— an organization aiming to provide a supportive network for fathers. The Burlington, Vermont-based group arranges playdates and meetups — things often delegated to women. Strangers are often surprised when they see group members getting together in the community and compliment the men for being “good dads.” That, Albaugh noted, is part of the problem. “It’s so ingrained in our culture,” he told The Post. “Let’s raise the bar for dads a little bit. Let’s not, like, you know, high-five them for taking care of their humans, which is like the baseline responsibility for being a parent.”