Twelve games fill out today’s Major League Baseball schedule, but three are catching the attention of expert bettors. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report sees one side and two totals trigger at least three of the above signals. Without further delay, let’s dive into the report’s recommendations. These divisional rivals will begin a three-game series tonight in Philadelphia, and experts are targeting the total. We’ve seen a number of big money bets come in on the over, which opened at 8.5 runs and has largely held steady at that number. As of this writing, 64 percent of all bets have come in on the over against 89 percent of the total handle. Further, there’s a model projection edge with this total. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the total should be set at 9.16, giving about a half-run of value to bettors. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the over to round out the three signals going in the over’s direction. Total Over 8.5 Runs (-105) — BetMGM Tampa Bay leads the season series, but expert bettors are getting behind the Orioles as home underdogs. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Orioles moneyline, which opened at +125 but now sits between +110 and +100, depending on where you shop. Additionally, big money bettors are supporting the Orioles as well — as of this writing, the O’s have seen 32 percent of all bets against 56 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top Action Network MLB expert is backing the Orioles, giving them three signals in their direction. Baltimore Orioles Moneyline (+105) — BetMGM  The underdog Pirates lead the season series 8-5, but experts are again choosing to get behind the total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under, which opened at 8.5 runs but has since moved down to eight runs at most shops. Additionally, big money is backing the under in Chicago — as of this writing, that market has seen 48 percent of all bets against 67 percent of the total handle. Lastly, this total fits one Action Network PRO system — Wrigley Field Unders. That system, which looks for sustained winds on closing totals between eight and 13, has a 60 percent historical win percentage and 17 percent return on investment. Total Under 8 Runs (-104) — Fanduel Sportsbook 