Kevin Durant’s trade request has intrigued the team that swept the Nets in the playoffs last season. The Celtics have engaged in trade talks with the Nets about a possible deal for Durant — a two-time NBA champion, two-time Finals MVP, former league MVP and 12-time All-Star — that includes a package centered around All-Star forward Jaylen Brown, according to The Athletic. Jayson Tatum is said to be considered off-limits. The Celtics reportedly offered Brown, guard Derrick White and a draft pick to the Nets for Durant, which was rejected and countered by the Nets. Brooklyn has asked Boston to include Brown, Defensive Player of the Year Marcus Smart, draft picks and potentially one more rotation player in any proposal, a source told The Athletic — adding that Boston is less inclined to include Smart along with multiple other player or pick assets in a deal. Durant, who will turn 34 in September, signed a four-year, $198 million extension with the Nets in Aug. 2021. Meanwhile, Brown has two years left on his contract with Boston. Although both teams are engaged in trade talks, no deal is close to being done. The Celtics, though, have “tremendous interest” in bringing Durant to Boston in pursuit for a championship, the report states. The Nets are working on a trade for Durant, but talks around the league have slowed down in recent weeks. Brooklyn wants a massive haul in return for a player of Durant’s caliber. The Raptors and Heat both remain in the race for Durant. The Celtics reached out to the Nets a few weeks ago, when Durant requested a trade on June 30, ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski said on Monday morning’s “Get Up.” As of right now, Boston has emerged as a serious possibility as a landing spot for Durant, with the reigning Eastern Conference champions viewing him as a piece that could take them over that final hurdle. Although there is work to be done, there is a deal to be had that would suffice the Nets’ overwhelming ask, per The Athletic. The Celtics cruised past the Nets in four games in their first-round playoff series and went on to reach the NBA Finals, where they fell to the Warriors in six games. A Durant-level trade would be a landmark deal for the Celtics – years after they made another blockbuster trade with the Nets in 2013, when Boston sent Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce to Brooklyn for a treasure trove of draft picks.