Embattled Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg told a group of bodega owners Tuesday that there is “absolutely” a chance he may drop the murder charge against worker Jose Alba, although he left himself plenty of wiggle room to still continue with the controversial case. Bragg has been barraged from all sides, including by Mayor Eric Adams, for charging Alba with the rap even though surveillance video clearly shows the Manhattan worker being attacked by an ex-con, whom the clerk ended up stabbing in alleged self-defense. The United Bodegas of America’s closed-door sit-down with Bragg at his Manhattan office was “very, very good,” with the DA telling the group that Alba, 61, could see charges against him dropped, said Fernando Mateo, the group’s rep, after the huddle. “We felt very good because his tone was very soothing. His demeanor was very direct, and he said, ‘I don’t understand why people are jumping to conclusions. I have not made a determination. I am investigating,’” Mateo recalled Bragg saying when asked about Alba’s case. “I asked, ‘Do the possibilities exist that you will drop these charges?’ And he said, ‘Absolutely.’” On July 1, Alba was toiling behind the counter at Blue Moon convenience store in Hamilton Heights when Austin Simon, 35, attacked him after his girlfriend got into an argument with the worker over a bag of chips she was unable to pay for. As Alba was being attacked, he stabbed Simon five times and killed him — an action he told The Post on Monday he regrets and is sorry for, while insisting it was all in the interest of self-defense. During Monday’s meeting with the bodega owners, Bragg talked to them about a range of outcomes that are still on the table, Mateo said. “He explained to us the entire routine of what happens when a crime or a supposed crime is committed and what happens after that. We’re very hopeful that Jose Alba’s case will be dismissed, will be dropped by the district attorney,” Mateo said. “He has not made that determination yet but he certainly left the doors and the windows open for something like that to happen. So we must sit and wait, not get impatient and not jump to conclusions.” At the meeting, the UBA also asked Bragg his thoughts on whether city bodega workers should be able to use a “Stand Your Ground” defense similar to the statute in Florida that allows people to use deadly force if they feel they are at risk of “great bodily harm.” The group also asked Bragg if he supports workers carrying firearms, after the US Supreme Court ruled New Yorkers can carry guns without having to prove they’re needed for self-defense. Mateo claimed Bragg said he supports law-abiding bodega workers who want to legally carry guns, but the DA’s office said in a later statement, “More guns in our communities make us less safe. “Since taking office, D.A. Bragg has met with numerous business owners, community leaders, and other stakeholders about public safety. Today’s conversation centered on how to keep bodega owners and workers safe, including in a post-[Supreme Court ruling] world when more people may legally obtain and carry firearms,” rep Doug Cohen said. “D.A. Bragg expressed support for New York’s strong gun laws, and emphasized that more guns in our communities make us less safe. We welcomed the opportunity to discuss how we can work together to promote safety on our streets and in our workplaces, and look forward to continuing these conversations.”