Rapper Young Thug’s nephew was arrested in Georgia earlier this week for allegedly killing his girlfriend. Fardereen Deonta Grier was busted in East Point, Georgia on Wednesday and charged with fatally shooting Destiny Fitzpatrick, police told TMZ. An East Point police spokesperson told the outlet that when officers arrived on scene they found Grier crying and found Fitzpatrick dead in a pool of blood by the front door. Grier told police that he is Young Thug’s nephew — the son of the Atlanta rapper’s oldest sister. A source close to Young Thug confirmed the relationship to TMZ. According to TMZ, Grier initially told officers he was fending off two armed intruders but then later allegedly admitted to shooting Fitzpatrick in the face. A neighbor heard the couple arguing in the home before the shooting. Grier was arrested and charged with murder. Young Thug, born Jeffrey Lamar Williams, is currently in custody in Fulton County himself after he was arrested on gang-related charges in May. The  “Bad Bad Bad” artist was charged with conspiracy to violate the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act and participation in criminal street gang activity. The RICO Act charge stems from an alleged offense that occurred on Jan. 24, 2013, while the gang activity charge is from May 12, 2018. Prosecutors alleged that Young Thug is the head of a violent street gang called Young Slime Life, which he co-founded. The gang allegedly committed multiple murders, shootings and carjackings over roughly a decade, according to the 88-page indictment. The indictment names him, rapper Gunna — whose real name is Sergio Kitchens — aspiring rapper Christian Eppinger and 24 others with racketeering. Earlier this month a judge denied bond for the 30-year-old rapper ruling he may be a danger to the community. In his decision, the judge said he considered a threat attributed to Young Thug from 2015 in which he allegedly stated “Anybody goes into the courtroom and tells the god’s honest truth, they’ll be f—ing killed,” Fox reported. An expected trial date, the judge said, would be Jan. 9, 2023. If convicted of the RICO charge, Williams will face a maximum 20-year prison sentence and a fine of $250,000.