Flash cards. Textbooks. Self-directed language courses. You’ve been dying to learn a new language, but the path to fluency is a lot more difficult when you’re flying solo. Without feedback from native speakers, it can be tough to figure out if you’re even pronouncing things correctly. Good news: it doesn’t have to be that way. There’s a much more efficient way to learn: Lingoda. Lingoda is a language learning platform that not only offers a structured curriculum, but certified native speakers to help you reach the level of fluency you’re looking for. No matter whether you’re a beginner or an advanced learner, you can learn at your own pace with classes that work around your schedule. But even if you choose to work early in the morning or late at night, you won’t be stuck out on an island fumbling around with vocabulary lists or confusing assignments. Lingoda‘s teachers work with you in small groups or 1-on-1 to ensure you have everything you need to succeed, from pronunciation help and conversational practice during online Zoom classes to supplemental materials after each meeting. Your teachers will mainly converse with you in the language you’re learning during class, so you can get comfortable with listening and replying at a faster rate. Best of all, you have plenty of time to practice speaking, develop better pronunciation skills, and receive feedback from native speakers. There are also opportunities to train your ears for real-life interactions, as Lingoda offers over 1,600 international teachers with varying ways of speaking. That’s your chance to get real-world examples of how different words and phrases are used in actual conversational settings. You may even get an insider track on certain slang words or regional dialects that you won’t get from the chapters of a textbook. So whether you’re ready to work toward conversational Spanish so you can chat with coworkers or you want to travel abroad to Germany and see the sights, Lingoda can help. What are you waiting for? Start your free trial of live Lingoda language classes today. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.