Batting champion Yuli Gurriel’s slippage has caused the Astros to take a look at Nationals first baseman Josh Bell. Names have been exchanged, but the ask was said to be high. “He’s a great makeup guy and his strikeouts are down,” one scout says. Bell is from the Dallas area and he probably wouldn’t mind joining a powerhouse in his home state. The Mets also made an offer on Bell, but don’t seem as likely to land him. Trey Mancini would work for the Mets (and in the pen, David Robertson). The Brewers also are in the market for a hitter. They have talked to the Athletics about Ramon Laureano, as Robert Murray of Fansided reported. … The Red Sox’s offer to Rafael Devers was about half of what he is said to be seeking (around $300 million; not a shock considering Soto’s value). The Boston Globe reported the bid was modeled after Matt Olson’s $168M, eight-year deal. … The Padres made an offer to Joe Musgrove, believed to be fashioned after the free-agent deals of Robbie Ray and Kevin Gausman before the All-Star break (so around $100M, perhaps a bit more). They were thought to be making progress. The Yankees are casting a wider net for starters, and no surprise, they are in on Frankie Montas as well. Luis Castillo seems to be their first choice, however. Noah Syndergaard is running third. Scouts think his stuff is “a little down” from his Mets days. Jose Quintana is also high on their list. … The Dodgers, along with the Yankees, have seemed like favorites for Castillo, with Houston said to be lurking. … The Padres and Rangers seem like logical landing spots for Joey Gallo, who’s being shopped. The Yankees are hoping to receive a prospect back. Some believe he will regain form once he’s in a new locale. … The Yankees are trying to deal Miguel Andujar, who requested a trade. They don’t mind having him as insurance, but understand he’d get a better chance elsewhere. The Cubs are sure to trade Willson Contreras and David Robertson, and they’ve had extensive trade talks involving Ian Happ (unlike the other two, he’s not a free agent until after next year). The Jays are among teams in on Happ, as Robert Murray and Lance Brozdowski reported. Contreras can help a team with just his bat, but one scout, batting away catching criticism, said, “He’s a good catch-and-throw guy.” … The Rays are looking for a catcher. … Whit Merrifield is definitely in play.