Soul singer P.P. Arnold’s long career began with the Ike & Tina Turner Revue, and in a new memoir, she claims that that Ike Turner raped her. When talking to the Telegraph about her book, “Soul Survivor,” she said Turner trapped her in a room and raped her in the mid-1960s. “What can I say? It was awful. I despised Ike on that level, but I didn’t know how to express myself,” the now 75-year-old said. Arnold held a grudge after that against Turner, claiming that she didn’t know how to process her anger at the time. Turner died at the age 76 in late 2007. Legendary singer Tina Turner accused him of physical abuse during their marriage. “I was told Tina wanted to get rid of me because Ike was after me,” she said. “If I had run to Tina or called my parents, it would have meant I would have [had] to come home.” Coming home also meant coming back to an abusive relationship with her husband, David, Arnold said. She said she was forced to get married when a DIY coat hanger abortion went wrong and she gave birth to her son, Kevin, when she was 15. Although upset with her husband’s violence, she said she “dealt with it.” “Sadly it was the way it was back then. I think it’s a lot to do with slavery and how that affected the black man’s psyche,” the singer said. After leaving the Ikettes, Arnold said she became Mick Jagger’s lover even with his girlfriend Marianne Faithfull still around. “Mick was in heaven but Marianne was more interested in me,” she writes in her memoir. “I had always been a good kisser and so was she. I tried to let myself go but I was also uncomfortable… ultimately it was Mick that I was infatuated with, not her. There was a plantation feel about it, like I was a plaything.” The memoir will also be discussing her tumultuous love life that included famous musicians such as Jimi Hendrix, Rod Stewart and Jim Morrison. Despite everything, Arnold said she is grateful for the experiences she’s had and her ability to turn them into something. “How can I take all of these years of experience and just do something really great?”