Days after selling off $5 million of Nvidia stock at a $300,000 loss, Nancy Pelosi is angling to secure another revenue stream — for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, that is. The House Speaker is headed to the posh village of East Hampton, NY, to raise cash over Labor Day weekend, according to an invite reviewed by The Post. Access to the 30-minute, private reception before lunch costs $36,500 for those who want the coveted title “Speakers Cabinet,” or $25,000 for those willing to settle for the more mundane title of “host.” To attend the luncheon without the benefit of rubbing elbows with Pelosi costs $10,000 if one wants to be referred to as “sponsor” or $5,000 to be known as a “friend.” The Sept. 4 lunch will “benefit the House members whose races are the most vulnerable and therefore critical to keeping the House Democratic in 2022,” as Republicans look poised to wrest control this November. The couple hosting the event — communications guru Liz Robbins and her husband Doug Johnson, a former longtime anchor at WABC-TV — emphasize they want to keep it small so all guests have “a chance to really visit with the Speaker.” “Nancy is still one of the greatest and most effective legislative leaders,” the invite states and notes that the country needs Democrats “more than ever” as the future of women’s right, gun safety, the environment and infrastructure remain uncertain. “With Roe now out of their way, Republicans are plotting a nationwide abortion ban and GOP extremists are trying to criminalize contraception, in-vitro fertilization and even possibly post-miscarriage care. American women today have less freedom than their mothers!” the invite adds. A spokesman for Pelosi did not respond to a request for comment. It’s unclear who will end up shelling out thousands of dollars for the event but past guests at Democratic fundraisers in the Hamptons have included Alec Baldwin and Lorne Michaels. The Pelosis — whose wealth is estimated to be north of $100 million, according to campaign finance watchdog Open Secrets —  have come under scrutiny this year for scooping up millions in call options for stocks including Google, Salesforce, Micron Technology and Roblox. Some critics allege Pelosi is more focused on raising money — for her colleagues and for her personal piggybank — than helping Americans.