A woman divided the internet after sharing the homemade vasectomy gift basket she made for her husband. Natalie Chard, from Cornwall, UK, posted a TikTok video showing herself packing a hilarious and helpful care package for her husband, Mike, following his surgery. “Our baby making days are over,” she captioned the video, where she showed off funny gifts including a carton of eggs labeled, “you can’t fertilize these,” “no more babies” Jelly Babies,  new boxer shorts that read “briefs for your grief” and orange juice with a note that said “all juice no seeds.” The basket also contained a card that read “Snip, Snip, Hooray” and an array of other snacks and gifts to help with Mike’s recovery. Many people online found the basket hilarious, with other women praising Chard’s comical ingenuity and men hoping for something when their turn comes around. “Amazing! All I got was a ‘well I was in labor for 42 hours, so suck it up.’ She did have a point,” one user commented. “I love this idea and any guy i know would find this absolutely hilarious after the snip,” another said. “Damn i wish I thought of this,” one TikTokker replied. “This made me giggle,” another admitted. “If I don’t get a care package like that I’m going to be really disappointed,” one user wrote. But not everyone was in on the joke. Several trolls online didn’t find the video so funny, but Chard wasn’t going to take the hate. “I’d NEVER get one,” one user commented on the video. “Good job I’m not holding you at gunpoint making you get one then!” Chard replied. When one viewer commented, “I hope it was his choice and not him being forced?” Chard joked, “I dragged him in kicking and screaming, of course, he didn’t get a choice.” The mother-of-four clarified, “I love my husband and wanted to treat him, not like I asked you lot to get one, I didn’t even ask him! It’s his choice, I wanted more kids.” Men across the US have been rushing to get vasectomies in the wake of last month’s Supreme Court decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. And just one week after Roe v. Wade was overturned, Google searches for female sterilization also shot up, Newsweek reported. This all comes as the Supreme Court’s recent decision to overturn the landmark abortion decision has forced Americans — and particularly women of childbearing age — to seriously consider how to manage their bodies as their reproductive rights and choices diminish. Dr. Blake Johnson, a urologist at Summit Medical Center in Salt Lake City, UT, said he started seeing an uptick in interest after a draft of the Supreme Court ruling leaked in May. “Since the actual decision, we’re all of the sudden booked out until September,” Johnson said. “It’s way up.”