It’s July, and though some of us are still in summer mode (and rightfully so), it’s already time of year to think about the back-to-school season. Whether you’re heading back to college or simply want to give someone you know a housewarming gift (or rather, a dorm-warming gift), we pulled the 10 best Prime Day college deals for you to shop today and tomorrow. With Amazon Prime Day 2022 in full swing, we also corralled the best deals under $100, top teacher essentials (should it be your major or you just want to win major points) and the ultimate list of 130+ major Prime Day deals to browse. Oh, and we also have a Live Blog filled with Lightning Deals and of-the-moment deals, so you never miss a hot markdown moment. Ahead, find the 10 best college deals, from mini-fridges to bedding. We did the research, so you don’t have to. If you are living in a dorm this fall, you can’t skip out on a mini-fridge. Perfect for storing leftovers, cold drinks and snacks, Crownful’s top-rated Mini-Fridge is just shy of $40 and won’t take up that much space next to your bed. For the ultimate value, Amazon Basics has a 7-Piece Bed-in-a-Bag Bedding Set for less than $35 this Prime Day. It’s bound to match any dorm room and contains sheets, shams and the whole shebang to catch those ZZZs before your 8 a.m. classes. For college (and beyond), TidyCorner’s Under-Bed Storage Organizers are the two-pack you need to pick up this Prime Day. Less than $30 for Prime Day, it’s perfect for storing extra clothes or toiletries to save space. For taking notes, watching lectures and researching studies for your term papers, Samsung’s Galaxy Tab is the splurge-worthy Prime Day deal worth adding to your cart. Now, it’s $130 (a steal!) and comes with a pen to enhance your learning experience. For nearly 50% off, Dalykate’s Collapsible Laundry Basket & Hamper is one of the best items to bless us this Prime Day. It’s perfect for saving space, convenient for bringing to your dorm’s laundry room and can come in many fun colors and prints. Whether you have a Mac or a PC, Voova’s 15-inch Laptop Sleeve is locked and loaded with an easy-grab transport handle to take with you from class to class. It comes in a wide array of colors, is made of weather-resistant fabric and is just $15 today. As one of the best Prime Day deals we’ve seen, the Beats Studio3 Wireless Noise-Cancelling Headphones are great if you’re looking for an over-ear pair that’ll put you into extreme-focus mode. For nearly $200 off, buy them ASAP for the back-to-school season. We cannot get over Paper Mate’s incredible deal. Now for just $15, this 20-pack of pens is a whopping 75% off to make note-taking and agenda-planning more organized and color-coded. Whether you’re a student or not, this is the deal to hop on. The Adidas Graphic Duffel Bag is great because it’s just over $20 and is a weekender bag that can double as a gym bag if desired. Its lightweight fabric and durable straps make it the perfect commuter sack (oh, and we love the pastel handles!) Whether it’s for your dorm or your bathroom, a roll-y cart is essential. Now for just over $30, this three-tier one is easy to assemble and has deep storage bins to hold your record player, books and more. We deem it an essential (and a versatile one, at that!) Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.