The upcoming “Game of Thrones” prequel, “House of the Dragon,” is slated to have less sex than its predecessor. According to showrunner Miguel Sapochnik, the new HBO Max series will “pull back” on the number of intimate scenes. Sapochnik — who also directed several episodes of “GoT” — will keep the scenes at bay, but won’t stay away from exploring the themes of sex and violence in the Targaryen family, he told the Hollywood Reporter. “If anything, we’re going to shine a light on that aspect,” Sapochnik said of the sexual assaults that often happened in the parent series. “Game of Thrones” aired on HBO from 2011 until 2019 and featured many sexually explicit plot lines including rape and incest. “You can’t ignore the violence that was perpetrated on women by men in that time. It shouldn’t be downplayed and it shouldn’t be glorified,” Sapochnik noted. He added that he and his co-showrunner Ryan Condal “carefully” and “thoughtfully” planned out the moments of sexual violence in the new series. The 10-episode series will take place 200 years before the story of the House of Targaryen and is based on author George R.R. Martin’s book “Fire & Blood.” It will also chronicle the events leading up to the Targaryen civil war, a k a the “Dance of the Dragons.” Paddy Considine, Matt Smith, Olivia Cooke, Emma D’Arcy, Steve Toussaint, Eve Best, Fabien Frankel, Sonoya Mizuno and Rhys Ifans are all starring in the fantasy drama. Another “Game of Thrones” spinoff is also in development. It features a story centered around Jon Snow — played by Kit Harington in the original show. His co-star Emilia Clarke and Martin revealed that Harington will reprise his role in an interview with the BBC last month. The novelist also confirmed the news on his blog, writing: “Yes, there is a Jon Snow show in development.” “[Harington] has told me about it. And I know it exists,” the “Me Before You” actress said. “It’s happening.” “It’s been created by Kit as far as I can understand, so he’s in it from the ground up,” she added. “So what you will be watching, hopefully, if it happens, is certified by Kit Harington.”