The Biden administration had little to say Friday after Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) put the brakes on a slimmed-down version of President Biden’s massive social spending plan, which has been stalled for months. “As you’ve heard us say many times before, we’re just not going to negotiate in public as it comes to climate change and the president’s climate change plan and how he’s going to get there,” press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Air Force One en route to Saudi Arabia, without mentioning Manchin by name. “The president has always been very clear that he’s going to use every tool in his toolbox,  every authority that he has to make sure that we deal with the climate change – the climate crisis that we are currently in,” she added. “But as far as the negotiations, I’m just not going to say much more about that.” Meanwhile, Manchin said in a West Virginia radio interview Friday that he was only interested in passing a spending bill if it focused on reducing drug prices. “Chuck, if you’re on a political deadline, and it has to be done in July, the one thing you know you can get done is basically do that bill,” the moderate Democrat said, addressing Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY). “Write a piece of legislation on reducing drug prices, letting Medicare negotiate.” The lawmaker’s objections came after the Bureau of Labor Statistics announced Wednesday that the annual rate of inflation reached 9.1% in June, the highest level since November 1981. Manchin has warned that he would not support new spending that he sees as inflationary, and used that rationale to justify killing the original version of Build Back Better in December. However, the West Virginian has left the door open to supporting smaller versions of the bill and has held off-and-on talks with Schumer for months. When pressed on whether the White House believed Manchin was “on the level” in the ongoing negotiations, Jean-Pierre again avoided naming the senator or providing details about the discussions. “We’re going to continue to do the work and this is why, you know, this is why we feel that Congress needs to act,” she said. “We need to continue to push forward and lower prices for Americans when it comes to drug prices, when it comes to energy. And so we’re going to continue to have those negotiations and we’re going to continue to make sure that we call on Congress on that.” Manchin insisted Friday that he was not closing the door completely on the talks, telling West Virginia radio host Hoppy Kercheval that he wants more time, according to Axios. “Chuck, can we just wait until the inflation decisions come out in July and then make a decision,” Manchin recalled saying to Schumer. July’s Consumer Price Index and inflation reading is set to be released on Aug. 10 — when the Senate is on a month-long break. This would give Democrats less than one month to put together a new package by Sept. 30, the last day such a bill can pass with just 50 votes. While Schumer has indicated he would like to push a package earlier, it would face an impossible climb in the evenly split Senate without Manchin’s support. On Wednesday, after the inflation numbers for June were revealed, Manchin said the Democratic leaders’ plan for more spending would only add “more fuel to this inflation fire.” “Inflation is absolutely killing many, many people,” Manchin said Friday, while admitting that he previously did want to provide funding for climate and energy policies. This story is developing.