The Fourth of July is here! In case you haven’t already done so this holiday weekend, it’s time to kick up our feet, hit play on our favorite tunes and watch the sky light up in red, white and blue. If you’re anything like us, you’ll also be scrolling up and down the web to discover the awesome Fourth of July deals that have been going on. Retailers such as Amazon, Best Buy, Leesa and HP have been dropping prices on appliances, grills and furniture all weekend long. You can also add a bit of glitz and glam to your weekend with the help of BaubleBar’s Fourth of July savings event, which runs now until July 5. With more than 100 new styles added to the sale, and starting at just $10, you’re sure to uncover hidden gems across jewelry categories such as necklaces, earrings, bracelets and more. No code is needed to unlock these savings. All you have to do is peruse the website, or our favorite picks below, add your favorites to the cart and enjoy a little extra sparkle and a whole lot of savings. Bling out with the Mini Alidia Ring. This stackable jewelry stable can be mixed and matched with all of your favorite pieces. Choose from a variety of colors. Wear your initial with pride. This Nora 14 karat gold initial necklace is ideal for layering or wearing along. Details include a gold chain and cubic zirconia gems. Add some color to your mane with this mother of pearl hair accessory. It’s complete with rainbow crystals and is sure to elevate any look. Wear the summer season upon your ears with these gold shell studs. Made with hand-set pave and ruby colored gemstones, these are sure to catch everyone eye. Everyone loves a tennis necklace — especially when it’s adorned with strands of crystals. Accented with gold, this is sure to become a staple piece in your jewelry box. It doesn’t get more beautiful than this. Adorned with mixed stones that elegantly sit side-by-side, this chic ring is sure to stand out. You know what they say. When life gives you lemons, turn them into…a BaubleBar hair clip? Yes! This citron clip is equal parts adorable and practical. Featuring a blend of mixed mediums, this six layer necklace combines pearls and a snake chain. Simply clasp it on and enjoy a statement piece. Add some personalization into the mix with this initial tennis bracelet. Featuring a gold initial letter and crystal stones, you’re sure to reach for it day and night. Bring the beach to your accessory collection with these show-stopping starfish studs. Featuring hand-set stones and pretty-in-pink crystals, you’ll fall in love with them. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.