Dustin Johnson and wife Paulina Gretzky stepped out in Manhattan on Wednesday night ahead of LIV Golf’s weekend event in New Jersey. The longtime couple, who got married earlier this year, was photographed inside Gotham Hall for LIV Golf’s welcome party, where they took in a performance by Nelly and mingled with fellow attendees, including former President Donald Trump. For Wednesday’s bash, Gretzky — the 33-year-old daughter of hockey legend Wayne Gretzky — opted for a black cutout mini dress that she paired with strappy sandals, while Johnson, 38, wore a navy blue sport coat over a white button-up with dark slacks and sneakers. The newlyweds were joined by Johnson’s brother, caddie Austin Johnson, and his wife, Samantha Maddox, who took a cozy shot in front of the step and repeat. Elsewhere, Pat Perez and his wife, Ashley, hung out with Brooks Koepka, who recently returned from his honeymoon in Greece with wife Jena Sims. Johnson is expected to play with Trump in a pro-am on Thursday at his Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where the controversial, Saudi-backed league is holding its second event on U.S. soil. The 2020 Masters champion resigned from the PGA Tour earlier this summer and reportedly received $125 million to join LIV. Johnson previously said his loved ones factored into the decision. “I chose what’s best for me and my family,” said Johnson, who shares sons Tatum, 7, and River, 5, with Gretzky. Gretzky, who wed Johnson in April after getting engaged in 2013, has supported the golfer on the road throughout the summer. She attended LIV Golf’s event in Portland earlier this month, when she was joined by siblings Trevor and Tristan Gretzky. Much like the Portland outing, LIV’s Bedminster event hasn’t been without controversy. Family members and survivors of the Sept. 11 attacks have protested the series, which is funded by Saudia Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund. Day 1 of the tournament gets underway Friday, with the winner slated to receive $4 million from a $25 million purse.