Ricky Martin has spoken out against his nephew’s claims the pair were in an illegal “incest” relationship and that Martin harassed him when it ended, saying it’s been “painful” and “devastating.” In a video, Martin said he previously hadn’t been able to publicly address the allegations that were filed earlier in the month but can now speak out since the shocking case was withdrawn on Thursday morning. “For two weeks, I was not allowed to defend myself because I was following a procedure where the law obligated [me] not to talk until I was in front of the judge,” Martin said in a video obtained by TMZ, adding now that the claims have been “proven to be false,” he wants to tell the “truth.” “It has been so painful. It has been devastating for me, for my family, for my friends, and I wouldn’t wish this upon anybody,” Martin revealed on Thursday. “To the person that was claiming this nonsense, I wish him the best and I wish he finds the help so he can start a new life filled with love and truth and joy, and he doesn’t hurt anybody else,” Martin continued. The Grammy winner went on to say his priority now is “to heal,” which he’s doing through music. “I cannot wait to be back onstage,” he continued, which he’ll be doing this weekend when he performs with the Los Angeles Philharmonic at the Hollywood Bowl. “I cannot wait to be back in front of cameras and entertain, which is what I do best.” The singer also thanked his friends and fans for their support. “You have no idea the strength that you gave me,” he continued. “Every comment you wrote on social media. I wish you love and light — and here we come with the same strength and passion. God bless you all.” Martin’s 21-year-old nephew dropped the shocking claims on Thursday morning, with Martin appearing on Zoom before Judge Raiza Cajigas Campbell of the Court of First Instance of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Jean Carlo Perez, a spokesman for the press office of the judicial branch in Puerto Rico, told The Post the entire process took less than an hour and is sealed from the public. Martin’s attorneys told The Post that the accuser had asked to dismiss the case, saying it was “never anything more than a troubled individual making false allegations with absolutely nothing to substantiate them. “Just as we had anticipated, the temporary protection order was not extended by the Court,” Martin’s attorneys told The Post in a joint statement on Thursday. “The accuser confirmed to the court that his decision to dismiss the matter was his alone, without any outside influence or pressure, and the accuser confirmed he was satisfied with his legal representation in the matter. “We are glad that our client saw justice done and can now move forward with his life and his career,” they added. A judge had issued a restraining order against the pop star in early July, with the order filed under Puerto Rico’s domestic violence law. Puerto Rican newspaper El Vocero reported last week that the order stated the alleged victim claimed that Martin, who married Spanish-born artist Jwan Yosef in 2017, didn’t take a breakup well after an alleged “romantic or sexual relationship” and had loitered near the petitioner’s home at least three times. The original report said “the petitioner fears for his safety.” While the alleged victim’s name was anonymous, Martin’s brother, Eric, claimed it was Dennis Yadiel Sanchez, also claiming that the singer “exercised physical and psychological attacks” on Sanchez. Martin vehemently denied the claims, with the accusations elevated to a crime of incest once Sanchez was identified as the accuser, which could carry a sentence of 50 years in prison. “The protection order entered against me is based on completely false allegations, so I will respond through the judicial process with the facts and dignity that characterize me,” the 50-year-old star posted to Twitter at the time, adding he couldn’t comment further because it’s an ongoing legal matter. Unfortunately, it’s not the end of Martin’s legal woes as the superstar was also hit with a $3 million lawsuit this month from a former manager, Rebecca Drucker. Drucker — who worked with Martin from 2014 to 2018 and 2020 to 2022 — is suing Martin for unpaid commissions, according to legal docs filed in late June in Los Angeles Central District Court. Her suit also referenced a “potentially career-ending allegation” in September 2020, although Martin “emerged unscathed and proceeded with his professional resurgence.” “With Rebecca at his side, Martin made millions of dollars and therefore owes Rebecca substantial commissions,” alleged the 15-page suit, which was previously seen by The Post. The next court date for the lawsuit filed by Drucker is scheduled for Oct. 5, 2022.