The fear of rising inflation and the uncertain future it brings has almost everyone on edge these days. The U.S. rate of inflation is showing no signs of slowing down, now positioned at a four-decade high. Meanwhile, skyrocketing oil prices in the wake of Russia’s attack on the Ukraine have experts worrying that a volatile market could fuel inflation even higher. While every inflationary period in history has had its own unique characteristics, there are some universal tactics for battling inflation that savvy money managers need to consider – like investing in rental real estate properties. Firms like Arrived Homes are breaking down the barriers to entering the real estate market, offering regular investors a proven method to build wealth through a fractionalized purchase of those rental homes, condos, and other properties. For those who need convincing, Arrived Homes has the numbers to back up that claim. In fact, putting your money in the rental home market over the past two decades would have shown a better performance return than if you’d invested in hallmark stocks like S&P 500 firms. Launched last year with heavyweight investors like Amazon and Salesforce CEOs Jeff Bezos and Marc Benioff on board, the Seattle startup has already made waves in elite real estate investing circles. Driven by their proprietary system, Arrived Homes has streamlined the process, allowing anyone to find and buy fractional shares in successful rental properties across the U.S. First, Arrived Homes analyzes property markets nationwide, locating and purchasing prime rental homes with the most investment potential. From Georgia to Arizona and Colorado to North Carolina, those properties are then featured on the Arrived Homes website, allowing potential investors to assess each pre-vetted property for themselves, then make their own decisions about owning a stake in that property. While stakes are available for as low as $100, many investors have anywhere from $20,000 up to $200,000 in their assorted properties, with the average Arrived Homes client putting up $2,300 for their first ownership stake. Unlike traditional property owners who assume the occasional burden of maintaining and servicing homes in their portfolio, Arrived Homes handles that chore entirely on its own. That way, individual investors are never saddled with liabilities like insurance and all the other headaches that come with property ownership. Without those responsibilities to worry about, fractional share owners can sit back and make money two ways: through passive income from their share of collected rental fees and from the eventual payday as their properties continue to enjoy rising market values. “Arrived is awesome,” client David said in his Google review. “Being able to invest smaller amounts makes it easy to get into, with a really solid ROI. The platform is really easy to use too.” Whether a buyer is ready to invest $100 or $10,000, Arrived Homes has an array of quality investment properties ready for client buy-in. Potential investors can head over to the Arrived Homes website now to check out the current properties and find out what’s available for as little as $100. Prices are subject to change.