A group of pro-abortion protesters gathered outside conservative Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett’s Virginia home Thursday evening, chanting expletives and waving signs reading “Liar.” Roughly 20 people were seen marching outside the judge’s Falls Church home, crying “F— you, Barrett.” The angry crowd also clutched signs reading, “Keep your rosaries off my ovaries,” “Reproductive Rights are Human Rights,” “Impeach Expand Codify,” and “Liar” with a photo of Barrett printed underneath. Many of the demonstrators appeared to be with the activist group Our Rights DC, which has organized several protests outside the homes of the six conservative justices who voted in favor of overturning the landmark Roe v. Wade ruling. Following the decision — which returns the issue of abortion to each of the 50 states — a number of states implemented so-called “trigger laws” that banned or restricted abortion with immediate effect. Our Rights DC is scheduled to hold another “resistance march” in the Virginia neighborhood of Justice Clarence Thomas and his wife, Ginni, Friday evening. The demonstrators gathered just hours after President Biden made an extraordinary attack on the Supreme Court while overseas — blasting the integrity of the highest court in the land on foreign soil. “The one thing that has been destabilizing is the outrageous behavior of the Supreme Court of the United States,” Biden told reporters at the conclusion of this week’s NATO summit in Madrid, Spain. The president is set to hold a virtual meeting with governors Friday afternoon about abortion rights. Biden also emphasized during his press conference in Madrid his support for codifying federal abortion rights by any means necessary — even through bypassing the filibuster. “I believe we have to codify Roe v. Wade in the law and the way to do that is to make sure that the Congress votes to do that,” he said. “And if the filibuster gets in the way … we provide an exception for this.” Dozens of pro-choice demonstrators have swarmed the homes of the court’s conservative justices since the June 24 decision after the pro-abortion group Ruth Sent Us quickly circulated the justices’ addresses after the ruling was released.