Zach Wilson’s alleged relationship drama has caught the attention of his Jets teammates. The quarterback found himself at the center of a social-media firestorm over the weekend, with people reacting to an apparent screenshot of an Instagram comment seemingly made by his ex-girlfriend Abbey Gile, in which she accused Wilson of cheating on her with his mom’s best friend. Jets offensive tackle Mekhi Becton took to Twitter to post a Terrell Owens “that’s my quarterback” meme, with Becton adding exclamation point and crying-laughing emojis. Cornerback Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner — who was selected No. 4 overall by the Jets in the 2022 NFL Draft — quote-tweeted Becton with a meme that showed a smiling photo of Juwan Howard, the head coach for the Michigan men’s basketball team. Jets receiver Elijah Moore wrote “No cap!” in a quote-tweet by former wide receiver Chad Johnson, who wrote, “Zach Wilson is the [goat].” Fellow Jets receiver Garrett Wilson replied to Moore’s tweet, writing, “Wait til you touch down dawg… You gon love Deuce” — referring to Wilson’s jersey number. Seattle Seahawks receiver DK Metcalf chimed in, writing, “Confirmed,” with a crying-laughing emoji in a quote-tweet of Moore’s goat message. Damien Woody — a former Jets offensive tackle-turned-ESPN analyst — shared a meme of a kid tipping his hat with the caption, “*Sees why Zach Wilson is trending*.” Wilson and Gile split earlier this year, and she has allegedly moved on with Washington Commanders wide receiver Dax Milne — who was Wilson’s college roommate at BYU. Gile’s Instagram account is currently inactive. Wilson has yet to address the situation. The quarterback’s mom, Lisa Neeleman Wilson — who went viral at the 2021 NFL Draft when her son was selected No. 2 overall by the Jets — posted an emotional, nearly 30-minute-long Instagram video Sunday decrying the evils of social media and online predators, though the video focused on her daughter and did not address the rumors about her son. Wilson has most recently been linked to model and influencer Nicolette Dellanno. The rumored couple attended a Yankees game in the Bronx last month, when New York defeated the Rays, 4-3.