She’s been expelled. An elementary school teacher has been fired after her OnlyFans account was uncovered by her employer — but she’s thankful to have support from fans and the platform, which she called “empowering.” Sarah Seales, 40, was terminated by bosses at Starbase on June 27 after the educational organization claimed her racy online account was “putting its reputation at risk.” Starbase is a program run by the Department of Defense that collaborates with local school districts across the country to offer STEM classes to fifth grade students. Seales worked at a Starbase location in South Bend, Indiana, prior to her dismissal. Outside of the classroom, the single mom had been discreetly running an OnlyFans account, sharing nude selfies with subscribers. However, her double life was turned upside down late last month when a reporter from Real News Michiana exposed the educator in an online article titled: “Local teacher has porn site on side, has kids call her by nickname she uses on porn site.” According to the article, Seales used the nickname “Buttercup” while working with students at Starbase. It also revealed that her OnlyFans username was “Buttercup1981.” The published piece subsequently attracted the attention of Starbase officials, who promptly terminated the blonde bombshell in a letter published on June 27. “These photos pose a real and immediate risk of harm to the reputation or business dealings of Starbase Indiana, Inc. up to and including the loss of schools, donors, community partners and our contract to operate with the State National Guard,” the letter read in part. Prior to her dismissal, Seales took to Instagram about her saucy side hustle being exposed, writing: “I am shocked and saddened by his vile attempt to ruin my life. If you could think of any way to help me I would appreciate it. I feel heartbroken.” Several days later, she confirmed she had been fired by Starbase in a post advertising her OnlyFans to her 1,700 Instagram followers. “Please join my OnlyFans! I just got fired from my teaching job! I need all the support I can get! Tips and loving support appreciated!!” she wrote beneath a selfie that showed her lying provocatively in a pale pink bra. In the week since her termination, Seales has seemingly attracted a legion of new subscribers, even claiming that OnlyFans could help her break out of “the poverty cycle being a single mom and teacher has put me in.” “Onlyfans has also created an empowering platform for women to create an unlimited financial income for themselves,” she enthused. “Unlike being exploited on dating sites and being used for my images and targeted as an easy woman to take on a date and get free sex, I am now part of the energy exchange. I am now empowered.” The former teacher continued: “Women can now become their own boss and be able to manage their own platform, pages and images. I appreciate the fans who are helping me to reclaim my life in every beautiful way possible! The support is amazing and I am now in the Top 7% of content producers!”