Christian Walker, the 22-year-old son of Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker, has accused singer Kehlani of warning a Starbucks barista about the “a–hole” behind her in the drive-thru. Christian, a conservative social media influencer, had noticed that the coffeehouse had LGBTQ pride flags in the window — but not an American flag in sight. “These flags from hell should have been removed 13 days ago. Pride month is over, where’s my American flag?” Christian – who claims he is attracted to men but does not identify as gay — yelled in a video on his Instagram Story. “You’re intolerant of how I identify,” he added. He then pulled into the drive-thru line and asked a Starbucks employee if they had an American flag in the store. If not, he declared that he would bring them one. He proceeded to rant about the flags until his Story switched to him yelling at the person ahead of him in line — which happened to be Kehlani. “This mediocre singer that everyone’s forgotten about, Kehlani, told my baristas at Starbucks that I was an ‘a**hole’ and to be ‘safe around me,'” he said in the now-viral video posted to Twitter. “Well, I set her straight. I’m tired of these fake woke people being rude to everyone and acting like they’re the good ones” he added. In the clip, Christian yelled at the “Gangsta” singer before getting out of his car and approaching the seemingly unfazed star. “Everyone’s entitled to an opinion — you’re so rude, or you wouldn’t be telling barista workers that I’m an a–hole,” Christian yelled before getting out of his car and shoving his phone in her face. “Get your drink and go away. I can have an opinion like everybody else. Why are you entitled to an opinion and not me,” he added. “You’re the a–hole. Get your drink and go.” However, Christian contradicted himself in an Instagram Story on Wednesday, admitting that he recently bumped a Kehlani tune. “Sister girl didn’t know who she was dealing with,” he captioned a photo of him smiling in a designer hoodie. “Don’t let the Givenchy and smile fool you, I will step out of the car.” As the incident continued to trend on social media, Christian also addressed the backlash on Twitter. “Leftists are coming at me right now because unlike most of the people they’re used to bullying, I stand up for myself,” he wrote. “Start standing up to these miserable blue-haired people. Kehlani, however, seemed to capitalize on her trending name. The artist, who uses she and they pronouns, posted a screenshot of herself from Walker’s video to her Instagram Story writing, “a Taurus.” They also reposted a tweet of Walker’s from 2016 where he confessed: “i love kehlani soo much.” Kehlani also let fans in on a little secret: She claimed to be on the phone with her therapist for a virtual session when Walker lashed out at her. “Therapy works babes I’m proof,” she closed out their story. The Post has contacted representatives for both Kehlani and Herschel Walker. Christian’s father has been embroiled in his own controversies this year. Last month he admitted to being the father of a “secret” 10-year-old son — and then, just one day later, acknowledged that he also had two other children previously unknown to the public. The elder Walker — a former pro football player and Heisman Trophy winner — is in a race against Georgia Democratic Sen. Raphael Warnock.