Elon Musk engaged in a war of words with MSNBC’s Stephanie Ruhle on Wednesday after the left-leaning anchor criticized his decision to post a critical Hunter Biden meme. Ruhle slammed Musk in response to the post, which featured a man with several cameras strapped to his head and the caption “Hunter Biden every time he buys crack and hookers.” “Imagine the positive impact you could have on the world if you used the extraordinary amount of influence and power you have to spread decency, kindness and positivity?” tweeted the host of the cable network’s show “The 11th Hour” in response to Musk’s meme. To which Musk fired back: “Imagine if MSNBC did that.” The verbal skirmish was the latest in a long-running feud between Musk and MSNBC personalities. In May, Musk lashed out at NBC networks in response to a monologue from MSNBC personality Mehdi Hasan – who had called the billionaire’s now-nixed $44 billion Twitter takeover bid an “unspeakably dangerous moment” and suggested the move would give the social media platform over to “the far right.” “If that happens, we may look back on this week as a pivotal moment, when a petulant and not-so-bright billionaire casually bought one of the most influential messaging machines and just handed it to the far right,” Hasan quipped at the time. Musk responded by referencing the network’s failure to cover The Post’s reporting on the Hunter Biden laptop, its mishandling of the Harvey Weinstein story and the sexual harassment scandal involving ex-“Today” anchor Matt Lauer. “Same org that covered up Hunter Biden laptop story, had Harvey Weinstein story early & killed it & built Matt Lauer his rape office. Lovely people,” Musk said in a tweet that has since disappeared from his page. The Post has reached out to MSNBC for comment on Musk’s remarks. In a separate segment days earlier, MSNBC anchor Joy Reid suggested that the South Africa-born Musk wanted to buy Twitter because he “misses” the country’s apartheid era. Musk has a much bigger war on his hands after backing out of his $44 billion deal to buy Twitter last week, citing concerns about spam bots within the company’s user base. The social media giant filed suit Tuesday in a Delaware court against the world’s richest man to force him to honor the terms of his original offer.