James Caan’s legacy will still stay strong. The “Godfather” alum died Wednesday at the age of 82, but he completed his last film “Fast Charlie” shortly before his passing. The Screen Media-helmed project is set to be posthumously released in 2023, and the movie has already finished production, a rep for Screen Media told the Wrap. “Gotham” star Morena Baccarin and “The World Is Not Enough” leading man Pierce Brosnan are also starring in the Phillip Noyce-directed flick, “Fast Charlie,” an adaption of the 2001 Victor Gischler novel, “Gun Monkeys.” According to the outlet, the full synopsis reads: “Charlie Swift (Brosnan) has worked for his aging mob boss Stan (Caan) for 20 years, skillfully operating as a prolific fixer and efficient hitman. When a rival boss moves to eliminate Stan and his entire team, he fails in wiping the team clean. Now on his own, Charlie will stop at nothing to avenge his friend and has no plans to leave anyone alive.” Baccarin will portray Marcie, the ex-wife of a mobster who Charlie previously killed. She forms an unlikely friendship with Charlie as he forms a revenge plot against a rival mob boss. The news of the “Elf” star’s death was announced yesterday via his Twitter account, but the cause of death was not given. “It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time,” the statement on his account read. Several stars expressed their condolences to the “Misery” actor on Thursday. Francis Ford Coppola — who directed Caan’s Oscar-nominated performance in the iconic 1972 mob family drama “The Godfather” — told The Post that “Jimmy was someone who stretched through my life longer and closer than any motion picture figure I’ve ever known.” The filmmaker continued, “From those earlier times working together on ‘The Rain People’ and throughout all the milestones of my life, his films and the many great roles he played will never be forgotten. He will always be my old friend from Sunnyside, my collaborator and one of the funniest people I’ve ever known.” Robert De Niro — who starred in 1974’s “The Godfather: Part II,” said: “I’m very very sad to hear about Jimmy’s passing.” “I’m heartbroken to hear of Jimmy’s passing. Shocked. No words. Thank you, Jimmy. Love you, your ‘Kat,’ ” tweeted Kathy Bates, who starred alongside Caan in “Misery.” “So sorry to hear the news. I loved working with him. And the only Jew I knew who could calf rope with the best of them. Love to the family,” director Rob Reiner said.