This may be a throwback you don’t want to remember. Khloé Kardashian is being slammed online after a resurfaced red-carpet image shows her dressed up as a “pimp” with her black friends on leashes for Halloween. Captured in October 2003, the image is the center of a Reddit controversy after being posted  on Monday in the thread called “Let’s never forget *this* happened.” Kardashian, now 38, was put on blast in the comments for having Meagan and La’Myia Good as well as Malika and Khadijah Haqq on leashes. Some users claimed the Good American founder was unrecognizable — comparing her to Pink, Kelly Clarkson and even Mandy Moore — while others asked the most obvious question: Why? Kardashian’s team did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. “Does anyone legit know why she did this? I can’t handle it,” wrote one confused user, while another added: “Can someone fill me in on this mess? Khloe, dressed . . . as a pimp?” “Seriously every time I see this pic I’m like, who thought this was a good idea?!!! Just whyyyy,” posted another. “I didn’t even see that at first. I just thought it was a bad photo of her because she looks so different. She had black women on leashes?” wrote another bewildered viewer. Another chimed in: “She’s a pimp with her hoes? Wow, racist much.” Good, now 40, took to Instagram to address the situation in a comment, which was re-shared as a screenshot on Twitter with the caption, “We forgive you Meagan!” “That one time on Halloween when you were young and dumb…and clearly didn’t think 15 years ahead lol smh,” the actress wrote on Instagram. “Welp, mistakes were made.” But this isn’t the first time Kardashian has been caught in a whirlwind of online controversy. In January, old footage emerged of her saying racial slurs while defending her sister Kim, who was being trolled online for cultural appropriation. “Hashtag fact: My baby is black,” the Good American founder said. “Hashtag I only like black c – – k. That’s what I would say.” The clip, in which she also appeared to say the N-word, was accompanied by other videos in a Twitter thread, apparently proving Kardashian, along with her family, fuel “racism and bullying.” “Dear @hulu,” Twitter user and thread author Stephanie Sidley wrote, while calling for a Hulu boycott. “If you continue to enable the Kardashian family and give them a platform, I will cancel your service. I will never condone racism or bullying the way the Kardashian/Jenner family continues to perpetuate.” Despite the thread receiving more than 15,000 likes and 8,000 retweets, it didn’t stop the Kardashians from continuing their reality-TV dominance. According to Variety, “The Kardashians” became the most-watched premiere in America as of April when the show aired. “ ‘The Kardashians’ is the most-watched series premiere on Hulu in the United States, and on Disney+ and Star+ among Star Originals, across all global markets to date,” a Hulu spokesperson told the outlet.