The most precious commodity in golf appears to be an endangered species. It’s possible the most significant casualty in the sport in the wake of the rise of LIV Golf may be the Ryder Cup, golf’s centerpiece event. It’s too early to call this a prelude to the death of the Ryder Cup. But the collateral damage already has been felt by the European Ryder Cup team with its captain, Henrik Stenson, having been immediately stripped of his captaincy the moment he joined the LIV Golf tour. On Thursday morning at Trump Bedminster, where LIV Golf’s third event will commence with Friday’s opening round, there sat — side-by-side on a podium — what essentially was the European Ryder Cup captaincy succession plan: Stenson, Lee Westwood and Ian Poulter. The key word there is was — unless the DP World Tour softens the hard-line stance it took with Stenson. The 46-year-old Stenson, who’s making his LIV debut Friday, lasted all of 127 days as Europe’s captain. Perhaps more damning to the European Ryder Cup side is the volume of players along with Stenson who are already on board the Good Ship LIV — players who have a rich Ryder Cup history. It’s a roster that includes Sergio Garcia, who owns the record for most Ryder Cup points won for Europe; Poulter, who’s reputation as a golfer has been built on his passionate and relentless Ryder Cup prowess with a 14-6-2 record (including 5-0-1 in singles); Westwood, who’s played in a record 11 Ryder Cups; Graeme McDowell, who sealed Europe’s victory in 2010 by winning the clinching point; and Martin Kaymer, who won the clinching point in Europe’s miracle comeback in 2012 at Medinah. Seve Ballesteros, the dean of European Ryder Cup, surely is turning in his grave at the devastation the European side has taken with the LIV Golf defections and the consequences that have followed. This mass defection of European players to LIV Golf, knowing they were making a choice and choosing the money, brings to question just how passionate they really are about the Ryder Cup. The passion and togetherness of the European players used to be viewed as their kryptonite against the Americans, who were perceived not to care as much as the Europeans. The European Ryder Cup spirit seemed unbreakable. Now that perception has changed dramatically as — one by one — they’ve chosen the money over the legacy in the one thing we all thought they cherished most. To review: Stenson has gone from leading the 2024 European Ryder Cup team against the U.S. outside of Rome — an appointment he called a dream come true — to becoming a member of a four-player squad called “Team “Majesticks’’ in LIV Golf’s 12-team team league. Like it or not, this is where we are. I don’t — and haven’t since the beginning of the LIV Golf movement — blame players for making business decisions and joining the upstart and filthy-rich new tour. But the Stenson move feels sloppy. Surely, he had at least an inkling back in March when he was named captain that he might make the move for the money. I asked Stenson — replaced Thursday as European caption by Luke Donald — if he considered the consequences of joining LIV and losing his captaincy. “I don’t feel like I’ve given it up,’’ Stenson said. “I made every arrangement possible here to be able to fulfill my captain’s duties. And still, the decision was made that I was to be removed. I’m obviously disappointed over the situation.’’ Stenson, by the letter of the contract he signed with the DP World Tour, violated that contract by joining LIV. Asked about the contract, Stenson reacted as if he’d been asked if he had the shanks, saying, “Well, the contract between the captain and Ryder Cup Europe is obviously a private contract, and I’m not going to go into detail on what’s in that contract.’’ Well, here’s the detail of the contract between the DP World Tour and the Ryder Cup captain (which was obtained by The Telegraph in the UK) that Stenson preferred not to talk about: “The successful candidate will be expected during his tenure to commit to supporting the Ryder Cup and the DP World Tour exclusively, and therefore, by extension, not supporting or promoting other properties [including, without limitation, other Tours, Leagues, Series or Competitions].” This makes Stenson’s situation messier than the other LIV Golf players, who simply acted as the independent contractors they are and made business (read: financial) decisions. “It’s a shame that we ended up in this situation,’’ Stenson said. “I just hope that we can get a resolution as soon as possible here for all tours and everyone involved, and we can all kind of coexist together. All the players love the Ryder Cup.’’ Not as much as we all thought they did.