Wall Street investors dumped stocks Tuesday as worries grew over a possible recession amid record levels of inflation and soaring energy prices. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down by more than 600 points as of 10 a.m. Tuesday while the Nasdaq dropped by more than 1.1%. The S&P 500 also shed 1.67% of its value Tuesday. The index has dropped more than 20% since hitting a record high on Dec. 31. JPMorgan Chase was off 2.5% while Wells Fargo dropped 2.7%. Energy companies had some of the biggest losses as US oil prices fell 5%. Exxon Mobil shed 2.8%. Analysts at Morgan Stanley believe that the US economy is firmly in the grip of a slowdown as the Russian invasion of Ukraine drags on, putting a squeeze on an already tight oil market. The global economy is also being hamstrung by continuing supply chain difficulties exacerbated by lockdowns in China, where the government is pursuing its “Zero COVID” strategy. Michael J. Wilson, a lead strategist at Morgan Stanley, said the Federal Reserve’s aggressive moves to curb inflation by raising interest rates could tip the economy into a recession. Wilson’s team of researchers wrote in a note obtained by Bloomberg that a market contraction could send the S&P sliding even further to around 3,000 points — which is approximately 22% below its current value. While fears of a recession abound, optimists point to the fact that the job market remains strong. Gene Goldman, chief investment officer at Cetera Investment Management, told The Post that current metrics may not tell the full story. “It is important to point out that recession data is historically based,” Goldman said. “In other words, we could be in a recession right now and not know it until after the recovery has started.” The latest analysis from Bloomberg Economics puts the odds of a recession within the next year at 38%. The model factors in data points such as housing permits, the gap between the 10-year and 3-month Treasury yields, and consumer surveys. “The risk of a recession in early 2023 has risen substantially,” said Anna Wong, chief US economist at Bloomberg Economics.