A full 15-game slate fills out today’s Major League Baseball schedule, but expert bettors are focused on three specific matchups. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report sees three totals — two unders and one over — trigger at least three of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s take a look at the report’s recommendations. These local rivals will begin a two-game series tonight at Citi Field, and experts are interested in the under. We’ve seen sharp action hitting the under, which opened at eight runs and has held steady at that number. Additionally, big money support has flowed in on the under — as of this writing, that side has seen 50 percent of all bets against 84 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under, giving this market three signals in its direction. Total Under 8 Runs (-114) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Twins and Brewers will begin a two-game series today in Milwaukee with experts once again targeting the under. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on that side, which opened at 9.5 runs but has since ticked down to nine runs at most shops. Additionally, there’s a heavy amount of big money support for the under — as of this writing, the under has received 36 percent of all bets against 99 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top Action Network MLB expert is backing the under to round out the three signals going in the under’s direction. Total Under 9 Runs (+100) — BetMGM  The Rockies, who will welcome the White Sox for a two-game series, have been on a bit of an over run recently. For expert bettors, they’re expecting that trend to continue. We’ve tracked sharp action hitting the over, which opened at 10.5 runs but has since moved up to 11 runs. Additionally, big money support has been steady for the over — as of this writing, the over has received 61 percent of all bets against 98 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the over to give this market three signals in its direction. Total Over 11 Runs (-102) — Fanduel Sportsbook