He claims he’ll never pull the Trump card. Despite hosting a smorgasbord of polarizing figures on his show, pot-stirring podcaster Joe Rogan claimed there’s one person who’ll never appear on his podcast: former President Donald Trump. The 54-year-old comedian and UFC commentator was candid during a Monday episode of “The Joe Rogan Experience” with computer scientist Lex Fridman. “I am not a Trump supporter, in any way, shape or form,” the former “Fear Factor” host told Fridman, 35. “I have had the opportunity to have him on my show, more than once, and I have said no every time.” He added, “I don’t want to help him, I’m not interested in helping him.” The subject of Trump had come up while Rogan was discussing the polarizing state of politics in the US in 2022. “It is already a weird time, post-Trump,” lamented the “News Radio” alum. “The Trump era is also going to be one of the weirder times when people look back historically about the division in this country.” He claimed that the 76-year-old ex-president was so divisive that people “abandoned their own ethics and morals” in order to criticize him, adding that Trump was an “existential threat to democracy itself.” Elsewhere, Rogan, who endorsed Bernie Sanders during the 2020 presidential race, discussed the possibility of The Donald running for office in 2024. While Trump has hinted at entering the presidential race, he’s never actually confirmed his bid for commander-in-chief. Nonetheless, Rogan insisted, “he is going to run again, things are going to get weirder, he is running against a dead man.” “Biden shakes hands with people that aren’t even there when he gets off stage, I think he is seeing ghosts,” the MMA aficionado added. He was referring to the infamous April incident in which President Biden appeared to shake hands with thin air following a speech in Greensboro, North Carolina. Rogan, apparently trying to show he didn’t side with either party, then doubled down on his Biden barrage, saying: “Did you see him on Jimmy Kimmel the other day? He was just rambling.” “If he was anyone else, a Republican, if it was Donald Trump doing that, every f–king talk show would be screaming for him to be off the air,” the comic added. Despite claiming to be staunchly nonpartisan, Rogan recently expressed support for Republican Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis’ potential presidential run. He mentioned the endorsement during an episode last week with MMA trailblazer and Disney exile Gina Carano. “I think Ron DeSantis would work as a good president,” said the podcaster. “I mean, what he’s done for Florida has been admirable.” Rogan argued that DeSantis’ leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic, which saw Florida reopen far sooner than other states that maintained health-related restrictions on businesses and schools, was effective despite sharp criticism from Democrats. In the past, the funnyman has come under fire for hosting a variety of divisive figures, including conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, Proud Boys founder Gavin McInnes, and most recently, vehement anti-vaxxer Dr. Robert Malone. In response to the latter guest,  A-list musicians from Joni Mitchell to Neil Young pulled their music from Spotify this past winter in an attempt to get the platform to jettison Rogan. However, earlier this week, Crosby, Stills & Nash rejoined the streaming platform, apparently ending their months-long boycott.