In October 2020, just 20 days before the contentious presidential election, a startling article appeared in The New York Post detailing shady business dealings and influence peddling by Joe Biden’s family members, particularly his son Hunter. The legacy media, which for four years had sensationalized countless conspiracy theories about President Donald Trump and his family, faced a choice: report the Biden allegations or circle the wagons in the Bidens’ defense in the election’s run-up. They chose the latter. NPR told its audience, “We don’t want to waste our time on stories that are not really stories.” Big Tech joined in. Twitter blocked users from posting links to the few news stories about Hunter Biden’s laptop contents; it even locked The Post’s account for refusing to take down the article. Facebook manipulated algorithms to limit the spread of laptop stories. One of the nation’s largest newspapers was effectively shut out of the digital public square. Soon 51 former intelligence officers circulated an open letter casting doubt on the information’s authenticity. They claimed without evidence that The Post’s article had all the classic earmarks of a Russian disinformation operation. These signatories misused the imprimatur of their former titles to discredit evidence that raised serious questions about the access granted to Joe Biden during his last time in office. The Biden campaign then used Big Tech’s censorship and the intel officers’ letter to dismiss the allegations out of hand and smear others as peddlers of disinformation. In short, these entities colluded to hide details about The Post’s article just as Americans were making up their minds about the presidential election. Nearly two years later, most news outlets have quietly admitted the article’s authenticity. Congressional Republicans’ investigations to date have found Biden family members used their connections with Joe to enrich themselves through expectations of access and promises about what a Biden administration might do. We’ve pursued these threads despite Democrats’ refusal to cooperate. We’ve made almost 100 requests for information relating to Biden family schemes. Many, including every request made to the Biden administration, have been ignored. But with the help of witnesses who have documentation of their dealings with the Biden family, some answers are becoming clear. First, Joe Biden’s family members profited in foreign regions where he had influence as vice president. Hunter Biden sat on the board of a Ukrainian company in an industry in which he had no experience. His only qualification was that his father ran point on US Ukraine policy. Second, Bidens have used their connections with Joe to promise access to the highest levels of government. While Joe was vice president, Hunter promised Mexican business partners access to his father, and Joe Biden obliged by hosting them at the vice-presidential residence and the White House. Third, these practices continued during Joe Biden’s four-year government hiatus. In 2018, in the 2020 campaign’s run-up, Hunter Biden boasted privately, “If I say it’s important to me, then he [Joe] will work a way in which to make it a part of his platform.” Biden family members increasingly targeted foreign ventures, including multiple deals with the Chinese Communist Party. Fourth, Bidens were paid hundreds of thousands — if not millions — despite performing no discernible work. Joe’s brother James boasted to foreign and domestic business partners that Joe would become president and they would reap the rewards in profits and US government endorsements. American banks flagged questionable transactions involving James and Hunter Biden and filed more than 150 Suspicious Activity Reports with the Treasury Department. Finally, contrary to Joe Biden’s statement that he never spoke to Hunter about his foreign business dealings, associates state that he was fully aware of his family’s business dealings and influence peddling. There is evidence of a direct sum of money set aside for “the Big Guy” — who witnesses have identified as Joe Biden — from foreign nationals. This raises significant questions about our national security and the role foreign nationals were allowed to play when he was vice president. We have uncovered some answers, but many questions remain. In November, the American people will decide whether they accept being told what information they are allowed to know by a colluding media, including who is making policy decisions for this country and for whose interests. A Republican majority will be committed to uncovering the facts the Democrats, Big Tech and the legacy media have suppressed. Kevin McCarthy is House Republican leader, Jim Jordan is House Judiciary ranking member, and James Comer is House Oversight ranking member.