Vice President Kamala Harris is bound for the Big Apple Thursday to highlight investments in underserved communities and take a victory lap over the big-spending American Rescue Plan and bipartisan infrastructure law. During her address at the Billie Holiday Theatre in Brooklyn, Harris will announce the formation of the Economic Opportunity Coalition to address “economic disparities and accelerate economic opportunity in communities of color and other underserved communities,” according to the White House. The coalition is made up of 21 corporations and three foundations including Ariel Investments, Bank of America, BNY Mellon, Capital One, Citi, Discover, Ford Foundation, Goldman Sachs, Google, Key Bank, Kresge Foundation, Mastercard, McDonald’s, McKinsey & Company, Micron, Momentus Capital, Moody’s, Netflix, Next Street, PayPal, PNC, The Rockefeller Foundation, TIAA, and Upstart. So far, members of the coalition have collectively committed more than $46 billion toward four specific areas: investing in community development financial institutions and minority depository institutions; supporting entrepreneurship and minority-owned businesses; expanding access to credit and other financial services; as well as preserving and expanding affordable housing. Later in the evening, Harris will travel to the Hamptons, where she will deliver remarks during a “finance event” at a private residence in Water Mill. The veep’s trip to the Empire State is her latest in a series of travels across the US, which she has largely used to push gun control legislation and abortion rights. On Monday, the vice president traveled to Indiana as the state legislature there began its debate over an abortion ban following last month’s reversal of Roe v. Wade by the Supreme Court. “One does not have to abandon your faith or your beliefs to agree that the government should not be making this decision for her,” Harris told state legislators. “An individual should be able to choose based on their personal beliefs and the dictates of their faith. But the government should not be telling an individual what to do, especially as it relates to one of the most intimate and personal decisions a woman could make.”