This isn’t what a house with “good bones” means. A couple was left shocked after finding bones in their newly purchased home during renovations. Cassidy Casale and Eton Marritt, from Ontario, Canada, bought their house in March and had plans to renovate it. But, in April, when their dreams became realized, they discovered something strange. At first, there were newspapers from the 1960s, then there were bones. The pair, both 24, told NeedToKnow.online their project manager Ethan found several bones under the house when he was working on the electrical wiring. The remains of unknown origin were described as “oddly large” and “questionable,” which came as a shock to the new homeowners. “Finding the bones was a huge shock to us and had us worried for a while,” Cassidy said. “Some were very obviously rodent bones but there was one that was oddly large and questionable — this was the swan humerus.” They left the remains where they were discovered, allowing the investigation to continue until a zoo archaeologist was able to identify the types of bones. The couple shared their terrifying tale on TikTok, with the clip of the chilling discovery amassing 2.5 million views. “Wish we were faking for the views,” the caption read, as people in the comments argued over the skeletal remains. Some warned renovations would be halted for a bit, while others claimed they could tell it wasn’t human remains. Rest assured, the pair posted an update for their viewers to confirm the animal origins of the bones. “To this day we have no idea how the bones would’ve got down there,” Cassidy continued. “The only way to the crawl space is through the interior hatch door, there are no openings from the outside as the exterior is completely solid stone.” While some people speculated the house might have been built on top of a swan — dead or alive — it was well-preserved 130 years later when the couple accidentally dug it up. Regardless, the renovations must go on inside their $477,713 home. “We liked the quirky features of the old house and knew we’d be able to work with its charm to make it great,” she said. “Although it may not have been our first choice, it’s been a great adventure so far.” While “adventure” is one way to put it, the pair is up for the challenge of working with an “extreme” budget of less than $77,685. So far, they’ve only used a fraction of the projected cost. While their major project is still underway, the pair are hoping to move into their new home next week with their beloved husky, Lilo. “Old homes throw a lot of curve balls which you can’t plan for until you begin tearing down walls and really getting deep into it,” Cassidy added. “Eton and I are doing all of the work ourselves while working full time so we aren’t moving at super speed but we are spending every evening and weekend there working away.”