What’s cooking over at Nordstrom this month? A whole lot, including their super hot Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. This year, the sale spans all categories including designer fashion, beauty, home decor and more, but we think the kitchen deals are especially tasty for 2022. For some more information, the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale officially kicked off for Nordy Club cardmembers on July 9, and then opens to the public on July 15 through the end of the month. But, no matter your status at the department store, you can create your wishlist right now and even set alerts for out of stock items should they come back to shelves throughout the month. Savvy chefs and home cooks are in the right place, as the kitchen deals are bountiful this season and we’ve handpicked the best of the best to shop right now. From cookware to countertop appliances that make cooking a breeze, many name brands are slashing prices you won’t find any other time of year. Speaking of name brands, we rounded up some of our top picks from the sale to make shopping even easier. Brands include Vitamix, GreenPan, Viking, Great Jones, Fellow and of course Nordstrom’s own brand of kitchen must-haves. Blend up some great deals on Vitamix this year. The Vitamix blender bundle comes with the blender and 64-ounce container, plus a recipe book to get your started. The best part is that it’s now more than $100 off for a limited time only. This deal is sizzling hot. Grab this set of three non-stick pans that are super aesthetically pleasing with gold handles. They come in three sizes for most any meal and are now on sale for $50 off the ticket price. Steer your ships to this super hot sale. The Viking cookware set is now $100 off, and comes with 11 pieces to fully stock your kitchen. Each is three-ply, making for a durable set to last years to come. Fly and sauté to your heart’s content with these pans from Viking. The set includes both a 10-inch and a 12-inch pan, both of which are nonstick for a perfect crisp every time, no seasoning required. Are you a coffee champion? You can be with this coffee maker from MoccaMaster. The brewer comes in a trendy dark green color and can hold up to 40-ounces of coffee at a time. Good golly, look at this stunning pot. The Great Jones Dutch oven comes in a beautiful cherry red color, made of premium cast iron with an oven-safe body and lid. The pot is now $40 off for a limited time, so strike now while the iron is hot. For a smaller Dutch oven that packs the same huge punch, take a look at this pick from Emile Henry. The ceramic dish can hold 4.2 quarts and is now $80 off for a limited time. Chop chop, if you want this deal. Act fast to snag this knife set, now on sale for $80 off. The set comes with 14 knives, a pair of scissors and a sharpener, as well as a wooden block to keep everything in. Be smart during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale and get your hands on this smart garden while you can. We were able to review the unit before the sale, should you need any convincing that fresh fruits, veggies and flowers are worth it. Whistle if you love kettles. This one is a super sleek style, from Fellow and sold at Nordstrom during the sale. Check it out in either matte black or creamy white, or grab both while on sale. Enjoy your morning coffee and tea in style with this kettle from Viking. The white tea kettle can make up to 2.5 quarts of hot water at once, plenty for any tea party, and comes in rose gold, black, and stainless steel too. Hydrate this summer on the go with this trendy bottle. This Hydro Flask water bottle is now on sale for $10 off, and comes in a sandalwood shade of white to match any beach bag or outfit. Keep your coffee and tea hot 24/7 with this super cool gadget. The Ui Mug and Warmer comes in an easy-to-gift set for the coffee lover in your life, in navy blue, terracotta and white to fit their aesthetic. Shake things up this Nordstrom Anniversary Sale with a deal on a gilded cocktail shaker. The Nordstrom brand shaker comes with recipes for your favorite classic drinks, like a margarita, mojito and more, complete with measurements and instructions for what glass and ice to use. Create the ultimate home bar setup with these tools, on sale now for $33. The gold, silver and black set of four includes a strainer, muddler, spoon and jigger to measure the perfect shots each time. Cheers to you, Nordstrom shopper. These glasses are classy and posh, perfect for an evening whiskey on the rocks or a mixed drink of your choice. The set of two is now on sale for $16, almost $10 off the original price. Don’t whine about not having any wine glasses. Instead, stock up now. The sale not only includes these red wine glasses, but also a set for white wine and champagne, should you care to collect them all. Set the table in style with a new set of dishes. This set comes with 16 pieces, including dinner plates, smaller salad plates, bowls and mugs in an easy-to-match white color, for guests or every day use. Whip up something delicious in these mixing bowls from Great Jones. The set of three is great for cakes, cookies, cooking and more, each decorated with a pretty red pattern around the off-white bowl. Last, but not least, treat yourself to something sweet. The Sugarfina bento box of candies includes three mini boxes of rosé-flavored gummies, with roses, bears and some sparkling bears for added fun. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.