It’s all fun and games until you and your furry friend look like fools. A veterinarian on TikTok has confessed some of the wildest pet names he’s heard at the clinic, which he’s often forced to awkwardly announce in a packed lobby. Dr. Frank Bozekla, an emergency vet from Illinois, frequently shares pet parenting advice and other tales from the clinic for his more than 138,700 followers on TikTok. And though work as a first responder to animals can be stressful, it can also be silly — as he explained in a recent post about the “weird pet names to yell in a busy animal hospital waiting room.” In a skit that simulated his original reactions to the real-life names, Bozelka stood and peered around the room off-camera and asked for “Sergeant Sniffers.” “Is there a Sir Francis Duke of Meowington?” he asked. “We just call him ‘Sir,'” was his patient’s curt reply. “Spicy Mexican Hot Sauce,” Bozelka continued in dismay. “Paw McCartney … Boogers … Is there a Tidy?” “His name is ‘Tiddy,'” the patient corrected. In a second clip, he adds “LuciPurr … Lover Boy … Gooch Master … Eggplant Emoji … ” According to Bozelka’s retelling, “” came from a woman who told the doctor that her “son says it’s a pop culture reference.” “Just be happy you don’t understand that one, ma’am,” he responded. As the list goes on, he added “Chainsaw,” then “Master … ” — but cut himself off from reading the last name while realizing where the joke was going. The vet influencer has since racked up more than 8.3 million views and nearly 20,000 comments on just one of the posts, including those willing to share their own bizarre pet names. In the latest follow-up, Bozelka added additional names submitted by his followers who claim to have bestowed the mocking monikers themselves. “Alright where’s Bark Ruffalo? Who’s got Pico de Gato. I’m ready for Boo-B … Ozzy Pawsborne the Prince of Barkness … Wall Clock … Macaroni Sledgehammer … Neil Catrick Harris,” he continued. Holding his cupped hand over his mouth to make a whoosh sound, Bozelka asked ominously, “Where’s Bark Vader, Dark Lord of the Sniff?”