Harrison Ford’s childhood home in Park Ridge, Ill., is up for sale asking $749,000. Located in the sought-after Park Ridge Country Club, Ford, who turns 80 on July 13, lived in the home with his family in the 1950s. According to the listing, the home has since seen several remodels throughout the decades, “while retaining the original 1920s essence.” The “Star Wars” and “Indiana Jones” actor lived in the three-bedroom, 1.5-bathroom self-described “Vintage Tudor” house when he was 10 years old alongside his parents, Dorothy and Christopher Ford, who respectively worked as a radio actress and an actor-turned advertising executive. Many of the original touches that existed when Ford, who played the acclaimed role of Han Solo, lived in the home have since been ripped apart during renovations. But the original balcony still remains. It’s been reported that the bedroom situated off the balcony was Ford’s bedroom. While Ford lived in Park Ridge, he attended Maine Township High School East. Spanning across 2,100 square feet, the home has gone on and off the market since 2018. Features include the updated kitchen, once an avocado-green color, with a butcher block center island. There is a breakfast nook, as well as a formal dining room that connects to the family room. The three bedrooms can be converted into fitting a fourth, the listing notes. The original wallpaper throughout the home has been replaced by a neutral grey and white palette to suit modern sensibilities. Other features include a furnished basement, a large recreational room and a wet bar. Twenty miles from Chicago, the home is also a quick walk to the neighborhood country club, parks and downtown Park Ridge. Peter Bellert of Park Ridge North Real Estate holds the listing. Ford is considered one of the highest-grossing actors of all time, putting him seventh on the all-time list, with his movies having accumulated more than $9.3 billion worldwide. Ford was picked by George Lucas to be Han Solo while working as a self-employed carpenter, having quit acting after becoming frustrated with the small roles he played. He has since starred in more than 50 films, with dozens of documentaries and TV programs to his name.