The Jazz are believed to be asking the Knicks for “everything but the Statue of Liberty” in trade discussions for Donovan Mitchell — but they don’t appear to be carrying a torch for RJ Barrett. Trade talks between the teams have been ongoing this week to potentially bring Mitchell, the Westchester-raised, All-Star guard, home to New York. But as The Athletic recently reported, Jazz CEO Danny Ainge has prioritized acquiring extra first-round picks and the Knicks’ inexpensive youngsters over Barrett, who is eligible for a max contract extension worth up to $185 million this summer. “The two teams have had substantial talks, they’ve had ongoing talks. There was a feeling that things were a little bit close as late as Tuesday night, but the Knicks, according to my sources, kind of backed away,” The Athletic’s Tony Jones said Thursday during an appearance on ESPN 700 in Salt Lake City. “I have some sources that are telling me that Danny Ainge is asking for everything but the Statue of Liberty. “I had a really good source tell me that the Jazz have asked for at least six of New York’s eight tradable first-round picks and all of New York’s high-impact young guys. So that will be Quentin Grimes, Immanuel Quickley, Obi Toppin, Miles McBride. The Jazz do not want to take back RJ Barrett in this deal because they don’t want to pay him. They want to go young, so they’re looking for picks and rookie-scale young players.” Jones also cited a Jazz source saying, “We don’t have to trade Donovan. Either a team is going to come up to want we want, or we’re going to keep him.” Elsewhere, Jones said team brass decided to entertain offers on the 25-year-old Mitchell after acquiring a massive package — four first-round picks and multiple players — from the Timberwolves for All-Star center Rudy Gobert. The Jazz also acquired a 2023 first-round pick last month from the Nets for forward Royce O’Neale. Currently, the Knicks control 11 first-round picks over the next seven years, and eight of them are eligible to be included in trades this summer. The Salt Lake Tribune reported that Grimes “is perhaps the lead target among [the Knicks’] players for Utah,” with either Evan Fournier or Derrick Rose also “likely” to be included for salary-cap purposes. The Heat are also believed to be interested in Donovan, although they don’t have the draft-pick equity to match what the Knicks can offer. Mitchell, a three-time All-Star who averaged 25.9 points per game last season, would align with newly signed guard Jalen Brunson in a revamped backcourt with the Knicks. His father, Donovan Sr., is the Mets’ director of player relations. The NBA star is slated to throw out the first pitch Saturday before the Brooklyn Cyclones’ game in Coney Island.