Amazon Prime Day 2022 (Tuesday, July 12 and Wednesday, July 13) is here, and the powerhouse retailer is slashing prices more than ever! After Amazon kicked off its famous sale event in October 2020 and June 2021 due to COVID-19 restrictions, the company decided to launch Prime Day in July this year, as they have for many years prepandemic. With thousands of deals becoming available by the minute, we rounded up an epic sale guide so you can get your hands on the best Amazon Prime Day deals without having to do any research. Whether you’re looking for a budget-friendly steal for under $100, want to invest in a splurge item like some outdoor furniture, or you’re on the hunt for a discounted TV or beauty product — there’s bound to be something on our list of more than 100 deals that you’ve got your eyes on. Brands include Apple, Samsung, Sony, KitchenAid and New Balance. Plus, enjoy jaw-dropping deals on popular items like iRobot vacuum cleaners, Crest Whitening Strips and more. Note: make sure to bookmark this page to check back over the next 24 hours, as we’ll be updating this article by the hour for more epic deals. Follow our live blog to see the best lightning deals the moment we do. To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: Need new kitchen shears? This $8 pair from KitchenAid is a no brainer. While there are tons of great earbud options on the market, we don’t think you’ll regret investing in the oh-so-popular Apple AirPod Pros. They’re noise-canceling, connect easily to Bluetooth and have up to 4.5 hours of listening time. The best part? They’re currently 32% off. Upgrade your knife collection and make chopping that much easier with this Cuisinart 12-piece set. Save on this variety chips bundle and get 40 bags for just a couple dollars a pop. You can also snag a 40-pack of single-serving Doritos for a great deal. The LifeStraw removes the smallest microplastics found in the environment (down to 1 micron), and reduces turbidity down to 0.2 microns — making it great for hiking, camping and traveling. Plus this little gadget has more than 96,000 reviews on Amazon.com! These Crest Whitestrips take just 30 minutes to give you pearly white teeth. They can be used once a day but since it’s unlikely you’ll have time to use them on daily, they last for up to a year. Velvet clothing hangers can get expensive — save almost $20 on this set of 100. If you’re looking for a solid streaming device, you can’t go wrong with the Roku Express, that’s currently on sale for just $18. Take advantage of this luxurious Sony 55-inch Smart TV currently on sale for $200 less than usual. The Fire TV Stick has more than 120,000 reviews on Amazon.com, and for good reason. It features picture quality with access to 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision, HDR and HDR10+, all for just $40. The Alexa Voice remote lets you use your voice to search and launch shows across apps and more than 500,000 movies and TV episodes included in your Prime membership. If you’re brand loyal to Beats headphones, save $85 on the newest over-ear Solo3 model. Also available on sale in red and rose gold. Audible is also having an awesome Prime Day sale where new members can get their premium membership for free for the first three months! The Echo Dot allows you to control your entertainment just by using your voice: play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from popular streaming services throughout your home with multi-room music. You can also ask Alexa to answer questions — play the news, check the weather, set alarms, and so much more. This Kindle Paperwhite is an excellent option for any bookworm! It’s lightweight, waterproof and has an anti-glare display, so it’s great to use outside, even in direct sunlight. Looking for an excellent home security Prime Day deal? Keep your loved ones safe with this discounted Ring Video Doorbell. Make your TV experience that much more enjoyable with this fancy Samsung Soundbar set from Samsung — it’s currently $30 off! The noise-canceling feature on the Sony WH1000XM4/B headphones is so good that you barely hear turbulence on a plane. They also boast up to 30 hours of battery life with quick charging (five hours of playback after charging for just 10 minutes) and touch sensor controls to pause/play/skip tracks, control volume, activate your voice assistant and answer phone calls. New subscribers of Amazon Music Unlimited have the opportunity to enjoy four months of free services. Wall art and an incredible QLED Smart TV all in one? We’re in. With a Samsung Frame series TV, you can watch your favorite shows and movies with an anti-reflective screen, and when the TV turns off, you can look forward to a slideshow of preselected art pieces. Samsung is slashing prices for Prime Day — choose from many different screen sizes ranging from 32-inch options to 85-inch offerings. Bezel frame colors are also customizable. Ideal for those working from home — the TP-Link WiFi Range Extender will give you optimal wifi no matter where you are. The retailer’s Fire 50-inch Omni Series Smart TV is currently $230 off; and was designed with all your favorite streaming services (including Prime Video) and comes in a few different sizes to fit your space. Save $55 on the Amazon Halo Band and track your movements, sleep and sounds. The Bose SoundSport Wireless Earbuds are another great option for listening to your favorite songs, podcasts and audible books. Save big on this popular external hard drive that’s currently $50 off for Prime Day. Need a new monitor to complete your at-home office while you work from home? Consider this quality HP option. Share photos and videos (up to 1-minute), send (and print) photos to your loved ones’ frames and invite others to share pictures to your frame — create a photo-sharing network for your family that’s private, secure, and GDPR and CCPA-compliant. Upgrade your sunglasses this summer with this smart pair of Bose Frames that features BlueTooth audio to discreetly listen to music when paired with your mobile device. The FitBit Inspire 2 is another excellent fitness watch option for those looking for a more budget-friendly option. Save $80 on this Acer Windows 11 laptop and enjoy fantastic battery life in a slim notebook. This SanDisk memory card is compatible with Android smartphones, tablets, and MIL cameras. The best part? It’s on sale for $50. Stay comfortable, plus save energy and money with this epic Google Nest Thermostat Prime Day deal. Take your audio listening to a whole new level with these discounted Bose QuietComfort 45 headphones. Save $200 on the 2021 Apple 12.9-Inch iPad Pro for a limited time. Keep you and your family as safe as possible with this set of three outdoor Blink security cameras that are currently on sale for 50% less than normal. This Bose Soundlink Bluetooth portable speaker will surely come in handy for beach nights and dance parties in the backyard. The new Apple Series 7 iWatch is a necessity for anyone who is always trying to make his health a priority. It can track fitness, sleep, blood oxygen, and so much more. If you’re looking for a discounted power strip for Prime Day this year, you’re in luck! You can never have too many charging cords. Save 55% on this pack of three for a limited time. Until midnight, enjoy epic savings on Amazon Prime Video — for just 99 cents a month for two months, watch select channels. The Vitamix 5200 Blender is more than $150 off and a must for any at-home chef! You can create smoothies, sauces, soups, frozen desserts and more with just the right consistency. This elite KitchenAid mixer is ideal for bakers and is on sale for just $260. The Keurig K-Elite Coffee Maker allows you to make 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 ounces of your favorite brew and enable you to brew 8 cups before having to refill, saving you time and simplifying your morning routine. This is not a drill, the Hydro Flask wide mouth water bottle is on sale in multiple colors and sizes — snag one while you can! Choose a durable, temperature-safe, borosilicate glass for better popcorn popping experiences. Hot air circulation helps prevents burning, and you can melt butter with the dual function lid for gourmet results. If you’re ultra-serious about your coffee, consider investing in a luxury Breville espresso machine. This model is currently on sale for $617! Whether you want to upgrade your old can opener or are moving into a new place and need a new one, snag this quality KitchenAid pick for just $9. The GreenLife cookware set includes a 4-inch mini frying pan, 7-inch and 9.5-inch frying pans, 1-quart and 2-quart saucepans with lids, a 5-quart stock pot with lid, a 2.5-quart saute pan with lid, a 7-inch stainless steel steamer, and four kitchen utensils. The Keurig K-Slim Coffee Maker is efficient, great for small kitchens and currently on sale for just $60! If you’re more of a tea lover, you won’t be able to resist this epic deal on the Amazon Basics Stainless Steel Electric Kettle. Whether you’re constantly running around with the kids or swamped with zoom calls, sometimes it’s not always realistic to enjoy a cup of warm tea or coffee at the top of the morning. The Ember temperature control smart mug will maintain your desired drinking temperature for up to 1.5 hours or all day when paired with the included charging coaster. The best part? The 14 oz size is currently 20% off for the first time during Amazon’s Prime Day. You can also save $20 on the 10 oz Ember mug. Save big on this Nespresso espresso and coffee machine set that’s currently 35% off. Making hard-boiled eggs has never been easier with the Dash Deluxe Rapid Egg cooker that will make your breakfast perfect every time. Dutch ovens are ideal for soups, stews, and so much more. Snag this popular Le Creuset option for almost 40% off this Prime Day. This luxurious Calphalon cookware set comes with 11 pieces, including a frying pan, saucepan, sauté pan and stockpot. If you love seltzer consider this epic SodaStream bundle deal that comes with a white machine, two DWS bottles and two Bubly flavors. Practice a sustainable lifestyle with this 7-piece set of reusable storage bags from Stasher. The brand is also slashing prices on individual products for Prime Day as well. Save big on an air fryer this Prime Day with this top-rated Chefman option that air fries, rotisseries, dehydrates and more. This InstantPot air fryer is another great option that’s currently 33% off. The brand is discounting a plethora of awesome items for Prime Day, too. Keep your home extra clean all year round with this majorly discounted iRobot Roomba Robot Vacuum. Amazon is slashing $120 off the original price of the 692 generation. Make sure you clean those hard-to-reach places with a quality dust buster — like this one made by Black+Decker. Save $9 on this Swiffer cleaning set with one sweeper device, four dry heavy duty cloths, three wet-heavy duty pads, 10 dry sweeping cloths and two wet mopping pads. Make sure you have the perfect nugget ice with this discounted GE ice maker. Make sure your wine is being stored properly and always chilled with this Kalamera wine cooler that’s currently on sale for $767. The Clorox ToiletWand system comes with a wand, storage unit and six disinfecting heads to make sure your toilet is as clean as possible. Reduce the grim, dirt and other debris in hard-to-reach places in your car and beyond with this discounted car gel. Say goodbye to grease stains, marks on your walls and so much more with the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. The Tineco Floor ONE S3 has more than 18,000 raving Amazon reviews and is currently on sale for less than $300. Looking for a new mattress this Prime Day? You can’t go wrong with the Casper Sleep Element Mattress. It has a durable base foam to prevent sinking and sagging over time, all while supporting your body. Other sizes are available. Get your daily run in no matter the weather outside with the NordicTrack T Series treadmill. You can save up to $18 on a YnM weighted blanket that has more than 42,000 reviews and an impressive 4.6-star rating. For an even more budget-friendly mattress deal, consider the highly-rated Zinus 8-inch Green Tea Memory Foam Mattress for just $165. Many different Yankee Candles are on sale for Prime Day this year — including one of the brand’s most popular scents: Pink Sands! If you struggle with allergies, air purifiers will be a game-changer for you. This Levoit option is made with an H13 HEPA Filter which removes 99.9% of particles in the air. Make sure all of your important items are protected as much as possible with this heavy-duty Amazon Basics security safe. Looking for a new office chair for your home office but don’t want to spend a fortune? Consider this option on sale for Prime Day at just $42. Calling all camping addicts! It may be time to invest in a new tent. This discounted option is on sale for $50 and fits up to four people. Complete your space with a brand new rug. This Unique Loom pick is a whopping 72% off! Gravity chairs have been known to help with both of those issues, among many others, if you struggle with lower back pain or anxiety. Not only does this patio chair look comfy, but it’s also ultra-convenient with the cup holder and mini side table feature. Add a bit of luxe to your space with this sleek handcrafted coffee table. The top raises up to help clean up your space and adds additional storage room. Elevate your TV watching experience with the help of this barn door TV stand. Featuring three adjustable shelves and a rustic feel, it’ll be the star of the room. Hello ambiance! This 48-foot long set of string lights is bound to make you feel like you’re in a whole new world. You can never have too many fleeces. This Columbia full-zip sweater is excellent for summer bonfires and the ski slopes alike. Many Calvin Klein items are on sale this Prime Day — including this cozy bralette. Prime Day is a great time to get a new set if you need new underwear. This one from Fruit of the Loom includes six pairs in navy, grey and red. Levi’s is also slashing prices on thousands of items this week. This trendy pair of 505 jeans can easily be dressed up or down and are on sale for just $35. If you need a new luggage set before your next summer adventure, save big on the U.S. Traveler pick. It features wheels and comes in three other colors. Whether you love or hate them, Crocs are back in style. Grab this discounted unisex pair in black and white while you can. This Under Armour tee is ideal for anyone — it’s sweat-wicking, quick-drying and ultra-soft. A pair of high-waisted black jeans are a must in every gal’s closet. On a phenomenal discount, Adidas’ Women’s Cloudfoam Pure 2.0 Running Shoes are less than $40 for Amazon’s two-day event. They’re breathable, comfortable and will match with your favorite sports bra and leggings combo any day of the week. Up your work wardrobe with these Italian leather Dunross & Sons oxford dress shoes that are currently on sale by 30%. Capitalize on the tie-dye trend this summer and beyond with this fun two-piece set that’s on sale for Prime Day. Upgrade your leggings collection with this discounted pair made by BALEAF. The Color Wow Dream Coat is an award-winning spray that keeps hair frizz-free for days no matter the weather with moisture-repellent anti-humidity technology. Make sure you’re freshly stocked with all the razors you need for the next eight months with this set from Gillette. Whether you’re looking for a facial spray to set your makeup or simply want refresh your skin after a long day, Mario Badescu’s duo collection will be a gamer changer. A smart toothbrush that guides you to brush your teeth better with your smartphone and for just $35? We’re in. Achieve the hair of your dreams for over $74 off. Look forward to three different curl attachments that easily snap into place. Get all the info on your family history with this discounted 23andMe Health + Ancestry Service kit — currently 50% off. Give your natural lashes a boost with the fan-favorite GrandeLASH-MD Lash Enhancing Serum discounted by $20. The Waterpik Electric Water Flosser has more than 100,000 reviews on Amazon.com and removes up to 99.9 percent of plaque from treated areas. It’s up to 50 percent more effective than floss for improving gum health — making it perfect for braces, implants, and other dental work. In the market for an electric toothbrush? Top-rated brand Philips is offering its Sonicare ExpertClean 7500 for a fantastic discount. Keep your teeth pearly white no matter where you are with the Colgate Optic White Overnight Teeth Whitening Pen. If you’re interested in trying out Proactiv, save $10 on the brand’s three-step acne treatment collection this Prime Day. If you’re on the hunt for a good quality purple shampoo, you can save $12 on this set made by Matrix. Micellar water (specifically Bioderma) is a great makeup remover option that’s both gentle and cost-effective — at just $11 for a 500 mL bottle this Prime Day. Make sure the man in your life smells amazing everyday with the Hugo Boss BOTTLED Eau de Toilette. It’s currently on sale for $64. Save $63 on the snazzy BaBylissPRO GoldFX cordless hair clipper. T3’s AireBrush Duo Blow Dry Brush comes with two interchangeable heads that will give you the perfect blowout right from your own home. Keep your skin in tip-top shape with this discounted Foreo LUNA 3. If you love having a summer glow but don’t want to risk harming your skin with UV rays, consider this cult favorite self-tanner from St. Tropez. It’s discounted to $29 for Prime Day and will make you feel like a million bucks. For a more practical Prime Day baby deal, we listed this WaterWipes baby wipes bundle with 720 biodegradable wipes. Have your child meet learning friends Turtle, Tiger and Monkey, who will introduce more than 100 age-appropriate words chosen by learning experts to your little one. Word categories include pets, animals, food, mealtime, colors, activities, opposites, outside and more. With Boon’s Adjustable Baby High Chair, you won’t have to worry about spills again. It’s durable, sleek and currently $61 off. Make your kids’ dreams come true with this awesome play set this Prime Day. It’s made by Little Tikes, almost $600 off and features a swing set, clubhouse and an activity jungle for plenty of backyard fun. Keep your baby safe while driving around in this Graco Norah 3-in-1 car seat. It’s currently $60 off. Simple Joys by Carter’s is discounting hundreds of items for Prime Day 2022. We love this adorable donut themed set that’s available in a variety of sizes. If your child loves “Star Wars: The Mandalorian” you should definitely buy them this discounted Funko “Star Wars” figurine and save it as an upcoming gift. The Panasonic Baby Monitor comes with an included camera and audio settings, so you’ll always be able to keep your baby close and know what they’re up to. Your little one will be walking like a pro in no-time with the help of this Vtech sit-to-stand walker. This fun TeeTurtle reversible octopus plushie is even on sale this Prime Day! Inspire your little ones to love sharks instead of fear them with this adorable children’s book by Jess Keating and Marta Álvarez Miguéns — now only sale for just $11. Stock up on pee-pee pads. This Amazon Basics option is available in various sizes and discounted by $17+. Make sure your fur baby is comfortable during naps and bedtime with this orthopedic, memory foam dog bed that’s on sale for $45. If your dog eats their meals too quickly, consider giving this slow feeding bowl a try. Say goodbye to dirty paws with this discounted paw cleaner. All sizes are discounted — prices starting at just $10. The Furbo Dog Camera includes a livestream video to monitor your pet, features a barking sensor and even allows you to talk to your dog through an app when you miss them throughout the day. You can also reward your dog by giving your pup treats when you’re not around. Make sure your fur babies stay hydrated all-day-long with this convenient (and discounted) Veken pet fountain. “Dinner time!” is all the time with this Petlibro automatic pet feeder — currently on sale for $49. This soothing dog bed may be the best money you spend all Prime Day. Available in different sizes. Keep your dogs flea and tick-free all season long with Frontline. The brand is discounting their products by up to 44% off for many sizes. If tea is more your thing, Twinings is also discounting a few of its K-cups this week, including this English breakfast decaffeinated black tea. Calling all meat lovers! This nine snack pack of Jack Link’s beef jerky is currently on sale for $12. Enjoy the TRUFF best seller trio that features the brand’s extra hot sauce, white truffle sauce and truffle olive oil at a discount. Save more than 30% on the 19.3 oz. Vital Proteins Collagen Peptides Powder for a limited time. Liquid I.V. hydrations packs are great for many situations, including moments when you’re outside for hours on end. Snag this lemon lime flavor of 16 for 31% off. Not only are these GOOD TO GO bars a healthy snack but they’re on sale, too! For more Prime Day content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.