The July Fourth weekend will get off to a steamy start in New York before intense storms descend throughout the tri-state region on Saturday, forecasters said. It’ll be humid and warm early Saturday — a “typical sultry summer day” with a high of 89 degrees in New York City — before conditions deteriorate significantly as a slow-moving cold front moves in between the late afternoon and evening, bringing showers, high winds and abundant lightning, Fox Weather meteorologist Greg Diamond told The Post. “These storms could become severe,” Diamond said, potentially packing 60-mph-plus winds in cities up and down the East Coast, including as far south as Washington, DC, and Boston to the north. “It’ll be scattered throughout the entire region,” Diamond said. “Those who get it, it’s going to be nasty.” Despite the warm start, Saturday will “pretty much” be a wash for anyone venturing to beaches and coastlines, Diamond said. “So, Saturday’s not a great day,” he continued. “The good news is that by Sunday, the front will have moved through and a much better day is on tap.” Sunny skies and temps in the high 80s are expected to return throughout New York, New Jersey and Connecticut by Sunday — along with lower humidity, which should make any jaunt to area beaches more pleasant. More of the same is expected on Monday, although a few scattered showers may come later in the day. Any precipitation is not expected to disrupt local fireworks festivities, including the Macy’s 46th annual display along the East River, Diamond said. “Sunday and Monday are both going to be fantastic days to go to the beach,” he said, adding that he wasn’t too concerned by the possibility of pop-up showers throughout the tri-state area. “We’ll stay in the upper 80s, with a few degrees cooler along the coasts and on Long Island,” said Diamond while noting those conditions were typical for early July. “Nothing out of the ordinary.” The forecast for one of New York’s signature events — the annual Nathan’s Hot Dog Eating Contest — calls for partly cloudy skies in the upper 70s as Joey Chestnut tries to defend his title at Coney Island. The California native nicknamed “Jaws,” who downed a record 76 dogs and buns last year, has won every Nathan’s contest except one since 2006.