Lawyers for imprisoned basketball star Brittney Griner told a Russian court Friday that the cannabis she “inadvertently” brought into Moscow was prescribed by a US doctor to treat chronic injuries. The WNBA star wore a Nirvana shirt with a smiley-face logo for her fourthhearing on drug charges — also grinning widely behind the bars of the court cage despite facing up to 10 years in prison. While the Phoenix Mercury standout pleaded guilty last week to drug charges, her defense team submitted documents Friday that included a permit for medical cannabis that was issued in Arizona. “Among the medical documents is a doctor’s note for the substance that Brittney Griner inadvertently left among her belongings when crossing the border,” said the athlete’s attorney, Maria Blagovolina. “The attending physician gave Brittney recommendations for the use of medical cannabis,” Blagovolina insisted in court, saying the 6-foot-9 tall athlete needed it for “chronic pains” from sports injuries. The two-time Olympic gold medalist was arrested at Moscow’s Sheremetyevo Airport in February — just days before the war on Ukraine. She faces up to 10 years in prison for transporting drugs. The US, however, considers the athlete “wrongly detained” along with other Americans still held in Russia, including former Marine Paul Whelan who is serving 16 years on an espionage conviction. Under Russian law, Griner’s guilty plea did not end the trial, which is now focused on her character and athletic prowess. The director of UMMC Ektaerinburg — the Russian team Griner had been traveling to play for in her off-season — testified to her “outstanding ability” and “personal contribution to strengthening team spirit.” At one point during Friday’s hearing, Griner also held up a printed photograph of fellow WNBA players wearing jerseys with her number, 42, as a show of support earlier this month. Griner’s detention has been authorized through Dec. 20, suggesting the trial could last months. Her lawyers, however, said they expect it to conclude around the beginning of August. “She is tired,” another of her lawyers, Alexander Boykov, told reporters after the hearing, according to Agence France-Presse. President Biden and Secretary of State Antony Blinken have said they are doing all they could to win her release, as well as other “wrongly detained” Americans. Her detention has sparked speculation that she will be subject to a prisoner swap, with rumors that Russia wants to trade her for notorious “Merchant of Death” arms trader Viktor Bout. However, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said that US criticism of the arrest “makes it difficult to engage in detailed discussion of any possible exchanges.” With Post wires