Moscow claimed on Sunday to have captured the city of Lysychansk, the last remaining holdout in Ukraine’s Luhansk province, which would give its forces control of the eastern Donbas region. Ukraine’s military said it had withdrawn its forces from Lysychansk, which President Volodymyr Zelensky later confirmed in his nightly video address — while also vowing to return with more weapons. “Ukraine does not give anything back,” he said, citing other instances where his country’s forces have recaptured other territories. “There will be a day when we will say the same about Donbas.” Earlier Sunday, Zelensky said Ukraine’s soldiers were still fighting Russian forces on Lysychansk’s outskirts “in a very difficult and dangerous situation.” “We cannot give you the final judgment.” he said at a press conference Sunday alongside Australia’s visiting prime minister. “Lysychansk is still being fought for.” Moscow said that Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu had informed President Vladimir Putin that Russian troops assisted by members of a separatist militia “have established full control over the city of Lysychansk.” The reported fall of the Ukrainian bastion completes “the liberation of the Luhansk People’s Republic,” the ministry said in a statement. Luhansk along with Donetsk make up the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, an area that has seen continuous conflict since Russia illegally annexed Crimea in 2014 and backed separatist militia groups fighting the government. Russia turned its attention to the area after its troops failed to take over the capital Kyiv in the early days of the invasion that Putin launched on Feb. 24. Intense fighting was reported around Lysychansk in the past weeks as Ukrainian forces defended the city to prevent it from being overtaken by Russian troops as nearby Severodonetsk did a week ago. Luhansk’s governor wrote on social media earlier Sunday that the Russian military was advancing on the city. “The Russians are strengthening their positions in the Lysychansk area, the city is on fire,” Serhiy Haidai said. “The occupiers threw all their forces on Lysychansk. They attacked the city with incomprehensibly cruel tactics,” Haidai said. “They suffer significant losses, but stubbornly advance. They are gaining a foothold in the city.” Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, said late Saturday that Russian forces had crossed a river separating Lysychansk from Severodonetsk, creating a “threatening” situation. With Post wires