It all started with a social experiment made up of pods and drama. What are we talking about? The Netflix reality TV show “Love Is Blind” hosted by Nick and Vanessa Lachey. If you haven’t already binged all two seasons and the adjacent reunions, “Love Is Blind” is a show that helps singles find their perfect love match — without ever seeing one another face-to-face. Does the show lead to actual relationship success? Not for all, but some have defied all odds and made it happen. Lauren and Cameron Hamilton are a part of that lucky bunch, and they sat down for an exclusive interview with the New York Post. Since the “Love Is Blind: The Reunion” season 1 wrapped in 2020, “life has been really such a blessing,” according to the happy couple. “We bought a new home together last year,” Cameron shared. “We’ve just been really living life.” Of course, we had to ask how the unconventional couple has turned their new dwelling space into more than just a house and into a home. “Turning a house into a home is all about love,” Lauren said. “Having your friends and family there, creating memories in the space is special… and just really making it yours is the key.” Cameron celebrated his 32nd birthday on July 3, and to celebrate, the couple renovated the backyard to “get it ready for a backyard barbecue” and future summer soirées. In preparation for the big day and celebrations to come, the couple shared their number one party planning tip: ensuring the guest list and music are up to par. “It’s all about the guest list. The people make the party,” Cameron told The Post. “And the playlist,” Lauren added. The couple agreed that Beyoncé and Drake’s new house music would hands-down be included in the music lineup and seemed to be aligned with almost every decision. But we wondered, “What happens when one disagrees, whether in party planning or in the relationship as a whole?” The couple joked and said they simply pour a glass of Campo Viejo Wine and drink up, but in truth, they “just [listen] to each other.” Beyond listening to one another, the couple also strives to cultivate their differences for good. “It’s definitely important to play to each other’s strengths,” said Cameron. “For example, if it’s planning a party, I tend to be the one who does a lot more of the cooking. Lauren’s going to be the one probably making the drinks.” Lauren and Cameron Hamilton’s tips and tricks for party planning and beyond didn’t end there. The joyful couple also spilled their favorite party must-haves exclusively with The Post below. Score this yummy pink wine that’s true to its Spanish roots with vineyards across Rioja. If Rosé isn’t your thing, simply check our Campo Viejo’s various other vivacious and affordable wines here. This option is fresh and crisp featuring an elegant and well-balanced taste. Best of all, this wine made using a traditional method. Featuring an array of gorgeous pinks, this set of Estelle wine glasses will leave you smitten. Enjoy two various glass shapes. Match your dinnerware to your glasses with these colored finds. Instantly elevate your tablescape with gorgeous hues and color combinations. Protect your table from spills with this round, natural placemat. The texture is divine while the shape adds dimension to any set up. Keep your wine cool and your setup fresh with this marble wine chiller. It’s also ideal for using in your day-to-day life as decor. Simple yet elegant, this glass vase is enchanting, sweet and modern all at the same time. For only $28, it’s a steal. Not only are these napkins oh-so-cute, but like the Hamilton’s shared, they’re made of deadstock fabric left over from the fashion industry. We love some repurposing! Fill the tray up with water and enjoy fresh ice in no time. The silicone body also makes transitioning your ice from tray to cup that much easier, while the cover keeps freezer odors out. Enjoy superior sound, more than 20 hours of playtime, a sleek design and multi-directional control with this Marshall bluetooth speaker. Made from a coconut and beeswax-blend, you’ll enjoy the sweet aroma of tree flowers, rose, sage and patchouli when you opt for this Boy Smells candle. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.