Ricky Martin is denying bombshell domestic violence allegations reportedly filed by his 21-year-old nephew. It was revealed two weeks ago that a judge in Puerto Rico has issued a “domestic violence-related” restraining order against the Latin pop icon. The alleged victim’s name was not previously disclosed. However, according to Spanish publication Marca, Martin’s brother, Eric Martin, claimed that the victim is 21-year-old Dennis Yadiel Sanchez — the singer’s nephew. Under Puerto Rico’s laws for “incest charges,” the sentence Martin, 50, could face is five decades in prison if the shocking claims are true. The publication reported the complaint was made anonymously under Law 54, known as the Domestic Abuse Prevention and Intervention Act. El Vocero, a Puerto Rico newspaper, reported that the order states Martin and the person who filed the complaint dated for seven months. The alleged victim claimed that Martin didn’t take their break up well and has loitered near the petitioner’s home at least three times, according to the report. When reached by The Post on Friday, Martin’s attorney Marty Singer said, “Unfortunately, the person who made this claim is struggling with deep mental health challenges. Ricky Martin has, of course, never been — and would never be — involved in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship with his nephew.” Singer also said, “The idea is not only untrue, it is disgusting. We all hope that this man gets the help he so urgently needs. But, most of all, we look forward to this awful case being dismissed as soon as a judge gets to look at the facts.” Earlier this month, Martin was slapped with a $3 million lawsuit from his ex-manager, Rebecca Drucker, for unpaid commissions — and the legal documents allude to her “protecting” the “Livin’ La Vida Loca” singer from a “potentially career-ending allegation.” A representative for Martin told The Post at the time, “The allegations against Ricky Martin that led to a protection order are completely false and fabricated. We are very confident that when the true facts come out in this matter our client Ricky Martin will be fully vindicated.” The Post has also reached out to his competitive body builder brother Eric for comment about the controversy. Meanwhile, “the petitioner fears for his safety,” El Vocero quoted the protection order as saying. The order reportedly bars the “Livin’ la Vida Loca” singer from contacting or calling the person who filed it. Martin — who released a six-song EP, titled “Play,” on Wednesday — denied the allegations in a post to Twitter on July 3, writing: “The protection order entered against me is based on completely false allegations, so I will respond through the judicial process with the facts and the dignity that characterize me. “Because it is an ongoing legal matter, I cannot make detailed statements at this time. I am grateful for the countless messages of solidarity, and I receive them with all my heart.” The legal proceedings are set to begin on July 21. Martin and his husband, Spanish-born artist Jwan Yosef, have been married since 2017.