Gov. Kathy Hochul has scrapped an executive order issued by predecessor Andrew Cuomo that sought to prevent state-funded service providers from paying “excessive” salaries to executives. Cuomo’s 2012 edict capped executive salaries for thousands of not-for-profit providers at $199,000. Salaries could only get bumped with a waiver or approval from the state budget director. The rule also ordered recipients of state assistance to pay no more than 15 percent of funding on administrative overhead. At the time, Cuomo complained about an unnamed service provider that received 99 percent of its revenue from government contracts and whose chief executive received $3.2 million in compensation. A published report highlighted the lavish lifestyles and salaries two brothers enjoyed while running the Medicaid-funded, city-based Young Adult Institute that served patients with disabilities. The Post has also reported on government-funded nursing home executives getting $1 million compensation packages. “How do we justify this spending to the taxpayers of this state?” Cuomo said at the time. But the state Health Department, in a public notice posted last week, said it is no longer imposing the salary cap — because it no longer exists. “Executive Order 38, issued on January 18, 2012 pertaining to limits on state-funded administrative costs and executive compensation was discontinued. As such … Limits on Administrative Expenses and Executive Compensation is no longer necessary,” the Health Department said in the New York Register, the bulletin of state government. State agencies that regulate providers working with people with disabilities and mental illnesses, senior citizens, substance abuse services, criminal justice services, and children and families also issued notices that they are no longer enforcing the salary cap because Hochul repealed it. Cuomo’s edict roiled the waters and immediately triggered lawsuits from the health care and home care industries. In 2018, the Court of Appeals’ issued a ruling that gutted much of the impact of Cuomo’s order, concluding that portions of it were overly broad. Upholding a portion of the order, the court determined that a hospital or other health care provider that relied exclusively on state funds for its revenues would be limited either to paying its covered executives no more than $199,000 per year, or to seek a waiver from the health department to pay more than $199,000. But the ruling also said Cuomo improperly imposed an overall cap on executive compensation, regardless of the funding source: The decision said that social service providers could ignore the salary edict if they received revenue from sources other than Medicaid or other state funds — such as from Medicare, private insurance or philanthropy. The ruling dramatically limited the number of service providers and other entities impacted by the order. Social service advocates applauded Hochul for torpedoing a salary cap they complained was impractical. “The order was confusing and not easy to implement,” said Michelle Jackson, executive director of the New York State Human Services Council. “I’m not surprised Hochul got rid of it. The order had no teeth. I appreciate the governor just trying to keep things alive that are working.” Hochul’s office had no immediate comment.