When you shop for meat at the supermarket, a seal of approval from the U.S. Department of Agriculture should offer a sense of security. While that USDA label will inspire confidence that the meat inside is safe, you may be surprised to learn that that sticker doesn’t mean that that animal was actually raised in the USA. At least not since 2015. That was the year the U.S. Congress amended the Country of Origin Labeling or COOL Law. Since then, meat producers in other countries can earn “Product of USA” labeling if their meat is in any way processed or packaged in the U.S. Now, producers from Canada, South America, Australia, and beyond take advantage of that loophole, landing tons of foreign meat on U.S. store shelves, all boldly proclaimed as Product of USA. That confusion about where your meat actually comes from is what led to the creation of Good Ranchers. Since 2018, the company has made meat sourcing just as important as its quality, offering fresh, 100 percent American bred and raised beef, chicken, and seafood, delivered anywhere – all at prices comparable to what you’d pay for the meats of questionable origin at the grocery store. While Good Ranchers only enlists American farms and ranchers complying with the highest standards of sustainability, social responsibility, and animal care, buyers get more than a guarantee that all their meat is from the United States. Good Ranchers USDA-Graded grass-fed, grain finished beef is always Prime or Upper Choice. Those are the two highest grades of beef that cuts can receive from the USDA, the same quality you’d find in the best American steakhouses. For all of their pasture-raised beef, better than organic chicken, and other antibiotic- and hormone-free offerings, Good Ranchers hand trims, individually wraps, and flash freezes meats immediately, then packs them in one of their popular meat boxes for shipping all across the U.S. Shoppers choose the cuts they want, including varieties like bone-in ribeyes or T-Bones, as well as New York Strips. Each box can serve anywhere from 30 to nearly 90 meals, all at price up to 40 percent lower than competing meat box services. Buyers can save $25 on every box when they go in for a Good Ranchers subscription. Once subscribed, your locked-in low price will never go up. Plus, a subscription ensures your perfect box lands on your doorstep when you need it at an even lower price. As for their customers, many regularly take to Facebook and other social media to praise Good Ranchers’ back-to-basics approach to mealtime. “The filets were outstanding! Can’t wait to try the other cuts we bought,” Mike reported. “You have a lifetime customer with myself and my family.” Buyers can check out the Good Ranchers website, shop 100% American meat guaranteed, support American farms, and earn $20 off their first order as well as receive free express shipping with code NYPOST. Prices are subject to change.