Brittney Griner, the WNBA All Star held in Russia on drug charges since February, pleaded guilty in a Moscow-area court Thursday. “I’d like to plead guilty, your honor,” Griner said, addressing the court in English. “But there was no intent. I didn’t want to break the law.” Griner — who could face up to 10 years in prison under Russian law in the case — said she would like to give further testimony at a later date. “I need time to prepare,” she said. Russian prosecutors accused Griner of knowingly breaking the law when she was caught with 0.7 grams of cannabis oil in her luggage while entering Russia in February. She was entering the country in order to play for a Russian team during the WNBA’s off season, as she has for the past several years. In a statement Thursday, the WNBA players union said it stood behind Griner. “With a 99% conviction rate, Russia’s process is its own. You can’t navigate it or even understand it like our own legal system,” Terri Carmichael Jackson, head of the WNBPA, said. “What we do know is that the US State Department determined that Brittney Griner was wrongfully detained for a reason and will continue negotiating for her release regardless of the legal process,” she continued. Griner’s arrest came as the Kremlin geared up to invade Ukraine, and relations between the US and Russia were under strain. The US has alleged that Griner’s detention is a political ploy by Moscow, an accusation that the Kremlin has repeatedly denied. The White House assigned Griner’s case in May to the Office of the Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs, a State Department team tasked with negotiating the release of Americans being held hostage and others classified as being wrongfully detained in other countries. Griner’s guilty plea comes days after the athlete sent a handwritten letter to President Biden, asking for his help in securing her release. “I realize you are dealing with so much, but please don’t forget about me and the other American Detainees,” she reportedly wrote. “Please do all you can to bring us home. “As I sit here in a Russian prison, alone with my thoughts and without the protection of my wife, family, friends, Olympic jersey, or any accomplishments,” she added, “I’m terrified I might be here forever.” Griner is due back in Russian court on July 14. Her legal team in Russia said it expects her trial to end around the beginning of August. “Today BG pleaded guilty. It was her decision informed by discussion with her legal defense team in Russia,” the lawyers said in a statement. “Brittney sets an example of being brave. She decided to take full responsibility for her actions as she knows that she is a role model for many people. “Considering the nature of her case, the insignificant amount of the substance and BG’s personality and history of positive contributions to global and Russian sport, the defense hopes that the plea will be considered by the court as a mitigating factor and there will be no severe sentence.” With Post wires