Johnny Depp has reunited with his attorney Camille Vasquez in Europe — six weeks after she helped him win his bombshell defamation suit against ex-wife Amber Heard. The “Edward Scissorhands” star, 59, was seen smiling as he met up with the glamorous lawyer, 38, at his musical gig in Prague on Monday. Depp is currently on a tour of Europe with guitarist Jeff Beck and appeared thrilled that Vasquez showed up to support him. Footage of the pair’s rendezvous was recorded by a fellow concertgoer before it was shared on Instagram and went viral. The clip shows Vasquez excitedly introducing Depp to her boyfriend, British businessman Edward Owen, 38. The brunette beauty is seen putting an affectionate hand on her boyfriend’s back as she smiles and speaks with the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star. Depp appears overjoyed to meet his attorney’s new man, giving Owen a handshake before wrapping him in a hearty embrace. Fans of Depp and Vasquez — including Joe Rogan — had been hoping the actor and the lawyer would start dating given the flirty display they put on during the defamation trial. But while this new footage will crush those hopes, it confirms that the pair are still extremely fond of one another. The video was shared across Instagram accounts devoted to Depp, with many commenters weighing in on his affection for Vasquez. “I was hoping Camille and Johnny would end up together. Oh well, that’s the hopeless romantic in me…” a fan wrote on one account. “I’m sure they will have a friendship that will last a lifetime,” another countered. A third chimed in, simply stating: “This makes my heart smile.” Vasquez — who was promoted to partner at law firm Brown Rudnick after her cutthroat cross-examination of Heard at the defamation trial — currently appears to be taking a break from work as she spends time with Owen in Europe. While Vasquez is based in LA, Owen is currently based in London and serves as the head of real estate for Europe, Middle East and Asia for the co-working space company WeWork. The couple reportedly met last November in the UK and are hoping to make their long-distance relationship work. Meanwhile, Vasquez won’t be returning to represent Depp anytime soon, with a judge throwing out Heard’s request for a retrial earlier this week. The “Aquaman” actress, 36, argued for a retrial after claiming that Juror 15 in the case was not the person who was summoned for jury duty. She alleged that tainted her right to a fair trial. But Fairfax Circuit Court Judge Penney Azcarate tossed that claim, writing in her ruling that “The juror was vetted, sat for the entire jury, deliberated and reached a verdict.” “The only evidence before this court is that the juror and all jurors followed their oaths, the court’s instructions, and orders,” Azcarate continued. “This court is bound by the competent decision of the jury.” Depp sued Heard for $50 million over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed that the actress wrote in which she said she was a victim of sexual violence. A jury awarded him $10.35 million in damages. They awarded Heard $2 million in a countersuit she had filed.