A Midwestern college grad has been fired from his New York City tech job after TikTok videos he made complaining about Bronx bodegas prompted accusations of racism. Griffin Green, 24, relocated to the Big Apple from Michigan last week to take up a new role as a sales development rep with the software company Outreach — before being booted from the firm after a Twitter mob called for his cancellation. The youngster sublet an apartment in the South Bronx after arriving in New York and shared a series of videos to TikTok, crassly claiming culture shock about his new surroundings. “OK, so I just moved to New York and I’m going to go grocery shopping, and so I type in like, ‘grocery stores,’ on my Apple Maps, and every f–king one I go to … they’re like this s–t,” he stated in one video, before panning the camera to show a local bodega. “Like bro, that’s not a grocery store,” he continued in the clip. “I’m trying to get, like eggs, yogurt, cheese, s–t like that. Like, look at this place.” He later stated: “Like I’ve literally been to like five of those now, and like, I don’t know what the f–k I’m about to do for dinner. Like where are the Krogers and the Whole Foods at? Like I’m about to eat f–king like cereal and ramen for dinner, like what the f–k?” One person promptly shared the clip to Twitter, where it quickly went viral, with Green earning the moniker “Bodega Bro.” The clip attracted widespread attention, with some saying Green was exuding white privilege with his insensitive remarks about the Bronx — a majority minority borough of the city. “I’m sure this ‘bro’ thought he was being funny, but… did anyone else view this as racist? Or just me?” blogger Perez Hilton wrote. TikTok star Dutch De Carvalho also slammed Green, saying: “I mean, what, he’s been here like two days? And he’s found a way to make fun of the stores that many people in the community rely on.” According to Reason, outraged viewers also took issue with other clips of Green surveying his new surroundings in the Bronx. “I’m in the Bronx for a few weeks so I’m like the only white dude in this whole gym, so I got this NAACP shirt so these people vibe with me more,” he purportedly said in one video. In another clip, he allegedly remarked on how many gay people resided in New York, questioning whether “being gay is just a thing now.” Social media sleuths uncovered an older TikTok video made by Green in which he showed off a confidential offer-of-employment letter and announced he was moving to New York City. The letter revealed he worked at Outreach, and one person tweeted the tech firm to alert them to Green’s viral bodega video. “I don’t think it’s very flattering to have this type of person representing your company,” they wrote from a private account. “I would revalue his employment if I were you.” Outreach later responded, “Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Upon investigation, we took swift internal action in accordance with our company policies and in alignment with our core values. He is no longer an employee of Outreach.” The company told Reason that they terminated Green for sharing the confidential employment letter on social media — not for posting his controversial videos. “It is against company policy for employees to leak private and confidential information, and grounds for termination,” Outreach’s vice president of communications stated. “We remain committed to building our culture that finds strength in our diversity, equity and inclusion — and a company where all can succeed.” When contacted by The Post, an Outreach representative declined to comment further. Green’s TikTok has been switched to private. The Post also has contacted him for comment. After news of Green’s prompt firing got out, many hit back at the company, accusing them of giving in to a “woke mob.” “Bodega Bro shouldn’t have been fired. He wasn’t racist. He was a fish out of water. His TikTok was cringe, but getting your privileged little mind blown by big city food deserts isn’t a good enough reason to lose your income when you first move to a new city,” one opined. One black woman leaped to Green’s defense, saying there was nothing wrong with calling out a lack of adequate supermarkets in the Bronx or anywhere else in New York City. “Nah I’m a black woman who moved from suburban Georgia and had the exact same reaction especially moving to Flatbush Brooklyn where there is exactly one real grocery store,” she declared. “It’s hard to feed yourself out here that’s why it’s called a food desert. People shouldn’t have to live like this.” Green told Reason he received a call from HR and was fired on his second day. He asked for an opportunity to explain himself, but says his request was denied. Green is now purportedly worried about his finances, having just signed a 12-month lease. The company is also purportedly withholding a $2,500 relocation bonus that would’ve come with his first paycheck. “People can be painted as these mean awful people when really they’re just trying to explore new things,” Green stated. “I was exploring New York for the first time … I didn’t know that people do grocery shopping at these corner stores.” “It was more of an intent to almost like make fun of myself for being a new person in the city,” he added. One supporter claims Green is a victim of cancel culture, and has started a fundraising initiative for him at GiveSendGo. “‘Bodega Bro’ Griffin Green was wrongly fired by his job Outreach for having the audacity to prefer Kroger to bodegas,” the fundraising description reads. “After moving to New York and signing a lease, the woke mob relentlessly harassed his employer until they caved in and terminated him over some TikTok JOKES.” “Help ‘Bodega Bro’ get back on his feet and have enough money to buy all the eggs, yogurt, and cheese he wants from a real supermarket. All proceeds will go to Griffin,” the bio continued. As of Friday, the fundraiser has raised more than $4,200.