A longtime Mamaroneck official has made the American dream a nightmare for her Hispanic neighbors, with an “unrelenting” six-year campaign of stalking, spitting, cursing and filming them, according to a lawsuit. Louise Dunaway, 75, a 30-year village court clerk; her husband Douglas, 76; and son, Michael, have an “agenda” to drive their neighbors out of Staub Court, a dead-end private street, according to Manhattan Federal Court papers. “I’m going to get my gun and kill your sp-c ass, and your wife and newborn child,” Michael Dunaway, 55, allegedly shouted in April 2018. Michael Dunaway, who was arrested this week for violating an order of protection by dumping human urine on his neighbor’s property, has physically accosted at least two residents of the block, according to police and the complaint filed by Jason and Ana Deleon and Walter Gehring and his Peruvian wife, Ariela. The younger Dunaway spits on the Deleon and Gehring’s properties daily; throws dog poop, urine and garbage on his neighbors’ lots; shines neon lights in their windows; records them as they enter or leave their homes, and “constantly throws stones,” they charge in court papers. He once laid down on the Deleon’s front steps to keep them from going inside; regularly blasts his radio and car alarm; and left broken glass hidden among leaves and other debris on the Gehring’s driveway, they allege in court papers. The Dunaways “on a full-time, daily basis … viciously terrorize” the Deleons and their 5-year-old daughter, who fears Michael will kill Ana, who grew up on the block, according to the litigation. They’ve filed a litany of apparently false complaints against the Deleons and the Gehrings, and frequently hug the Mamaroneck village police officers who respond to their calls, the families claim in court papers. The “daily barrage” of slurs from the Dunaways includes calling the Deleons, the Gehrings, their family, friends and tenants the N-word, or “w–backs,” “f–king sp-cs,” “damn foreigners,” the terrorized families claim. Douglas Dunaway said he was unaware of the lawsuit and refused to comment. The Deleons and Gehrings are seeking unspecified damages.