Cellphone video appears to show the moment a gaggle of heavily armed police officers cornered Robert “Bobby” Crimo III — the person of interest in the Highland Park parade massacre — and arrested him at gunpoint after a frantic, hours-long manhunt. The dramatic footage that was recorded by a passing motorist in Lake Forest Monday night opens with a man dressed in all black standing with his hands up outside a silver Honda Fit at an intersection packed with patrol vehicles. An officer with a megaphone can be heard directing the man to raise his hands “all the way up,” while another cop has a gun trained on him from the other side of the road. The man, who was later identified as Crimo, is ordered to turn around and kneel, and then lie face down on the ground. A moment later, more than a half-dozen officers rush over and handcuff Crimo. Crimo, 22, has been named a “person of interest” in the mass shooting that killed six people and injured at least 30 others, including several children. He was taken into custody around 7 p.m. Monday in Lake Forest, Illinois, after a brief chase. The amateur rapper, who has a history of disturbing online posts invoking shootings and bloodshed, is suspected of using a high-powered rifle to fire on people taking part in the annual Independence Day parade in the affluent Chicago suburb of Highland Park, where his father owns a deli. A North Chicago cop spotted Crimo driving the Honda Fit through Lake Forest and briefly pursued him, before he was cornered at the intersection located 5 miles from the site of the shooting, police said. “This individual is believed to have been responsible for what happened,” said Lake County Major Crime Task Force spokesman Christopher Covelli in announcing Crimo’s arrest. As of Tuesday morning, no charges have been announced against Crimo, who was dubbed “armed and dangerous” during the intense search in the wake of the shooting. More than a dozen police officers on Monday surrounded a home listed as an address for Crimo in Highland Park. Some officers held rifles as they fixed their eyes on the home. Police blockaded roads leading to the home in a tree-lined neighborhood near a golf course, allowing only select law enforcement cars through a tight outer perimeter. Cops said they have recovered the rifle that was allegedly used by the gunman to pick off people from the roof of a commercial building overlooking the parade route. There was no immediate word on a possible motive behind the shooting, but Covelli said a “significant amount of digital evidence” helped lead police to Crimo. With Post wires