Come on, Barbie, let’s go party! Greta Gerwig’s upcoming “Barbie” movie is taking the internet by storm with neon pink convertibles, a shirtless Ken and fans of all ages. The movie based on the plastic icon is set to hit theaters on July 21, 2023 starring Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling. Aside from Robbie’s (or, should we say Barbie’s) platinum blonde mane and hollywood beauty, the most striking part of the film is the brilliant fashion. Since 1959, Barbie has been a fashion icon sporting everything from blue aerobics fits, chic tweed blazers and hot pink heels. It only makes sense that Robbie be styled in the same kitschy style. We’ve already spotted the actress in 80’s neon roller skating gear alongside Gosling and a bubblegum pink cowgirl fit adorned with stars and flared bottoms. Barbie may simply call these dazzling closet choices “style,” but we’re calling them products of Barbiecore, the fashion trend based on the quintessential Mattel doll. The Barbiecore trend is quickly picking up speed with stars, such as Lizzo and Kim Kardashion, over-accessorizing and dressing in all-pink looks, while Gen Z launches into it full speed ahead. To prepare for the upcoming film and jump in on the monochromatic, Elle Woods trend, we listed our favorite Barbiecore fashion picks below — such as clear sunglasses, platform heels and everything pink. After all, “life in plastic is fantastic.” It doesn’t get more retro than this. These Forever 21 jelly block heels come in neon green, pretty pink and clear glitter. A part of the brand’s Forever 21 x Barbie collection, you can dress up your doll-inspired look with a square toe, Barbie logo and a lug platform sole. Shop the brand’s entire Barbie collection here. Part of the brand’s Smash Tees x Brunette exclusive collection, this relaxed crewneck is made with 100% cotton French Terry. Showing off its Barbie pink color and 70’s style graphics, it’s a must have. Shop the full collaboration here. In these clear, rectangular sunnies, you’re guaranteed to live in your best Barbie girl fashion. This two-pack comes with both a pink and green pair with gold colored metal. We can see our younger selves now: dressing up our Barbie doll in this dress before she heads out to meet Ken for her very special Valentine’s date. Now, Shein is allowing us to make like Barbie ourselves, and we are all in. The heart print dress features a neck tie, snug fit and backless silhouette. A jelly pink sole and rhinestone embellishments? Count us in! This Steve Madden Maxima Sneaker is begging to be worn by Barbie. Margot Robbie, we suggest you advise your style team ASAP. Ready to look cute as ever in this floral printed crop top? Details include silky knit material, a deep V-neckline, long sleeves and an open back. Pink floral drop earrings? Oh my! Made to look fresh where ever you go, you can score these dangly accessories in pink, blue or green. Elevate your Barbeicore fashion with this pink ruffled pick from Trina Turk. Created in a cotton candy pink color and a sleeveless design, this dress screams femininity. Share the love with this four-pack of polka dot headbands. Wear these cute accessories with a ponytail or with your locks down. You can’t make like Barbie without a pair of sparkly hot pink heels. Dress them down with some white jeans or dress them up with a stunning dress. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.