This hilarious bridal shade has a ring of truth to it. Diamond hawker Cullen Jewellery is virally evaluating brides-to-be with a cheeky assessment of their personalities based on the qualities and cuts of their engagement rings. “Engagement rings and what they say about you, let’s go,” exclaimed a Cullen digital ambassador in a trending TikTok post, which has shined up a dazzling 1.3 million views. “The round solitaire: You’re classic. You love designer, you love the finer things in life. You also love getting drinks with the girls on the weekend,” teased the jibing jewel expert, from Melbourne, Australia. “But, you’re also the mom of the group and need to be back in bed by 9 p.m.,” she continued. The Cullen rep — a saucy, young brunette with serious bling proficiently — went on the joke that a wife rocking an oval trilogy ring is likely a meticulously organized mom of three, who drives a Range Rover and throws “great house parties.” She also pegged a woman with a pear-shaped ring outfitted in a diamond-encrusted halo as “an unproblematic queen,” who’s got the kindest heart and a coffee addiction. And for the sweethearts donning the rectangular radiant pave ring, the virtual evaluator determined, “You’re the main character. You don’t ask to be — it just simply falls upon you.” She quipped, however, “You give great advice, but you just don’t take it yourself.” And blushing brides online totally agreed with the good-natured carats-to-character appraisal. “Okay, but why was mine so accurate #coffeeaddict,” confessed a woman who presumably sports a pear-halo diamond. “Main character,” admitted one lady. “Mine is the [oval trilogy ring], and [her assessment] describes me to a tee,” penned another, punctuating her comment with the stunned emoji. In a follow-up post, the gem know-it-all said a woman with the marquise-shaped cut is: “Confident. You’re a natural leader and everyone looks to you for guidance.” She added, “You also carry around an emotional support water bottle.” And after poking more fun at brides with trilogy rings, and making wisecracks about the astrology-loving girls wearing an elongated cushion solitaire, the Cullen comedienne had a go at fiancées with colored stone rings. “You love nature and adventure, you love animals and you best believe you’re gonna find a way to include your pet in your wedding.”