Elon Musk is laughing off wild reports he had a friendship-ruining affair with Google co-founder Sergey Brin’s wife — sending The Post a photo of himself happily hanging out with his longtime pal even as the rumors spread. Musk, 51, insisted the claims of a fling with his bestie’s estranged wife, Nicole Shanahan, were “total bs” — even quipping, “Haven’t even had sex in ages (sigh).” The world’s richest man also sent The Post a photo showing him partying with Brin, 48, who was supposed to have cooled their bromance after the alleged betrayal. “Took this pic only two hours ago,” Musk told The Post of the photo of him laughing while rubbing shoulders with his fellow billionaire. The Tesla mogul turned serious to strongly deny the widely spread Wall Street Journal report that claimed a December fling was behind Brin’s divorce. “Nicole and Sergey’s divorce has absolutely nothing to do with me,” Musk insisted by email. “I am sure both Nicole and Sergey would confirm that. I spoke with both Sergey and Nicole about this and they say the story isn’t coming from them, so [it] must be a case of broken telephone, two or three layers removed,” he said. “And, not to dodge the question, I have only seen Nicole twice in three years, both times with many other people around. “We were not romantically involved in any way,” he insisted. The Tesla mogul shared a similar message on Twitter while replying to a message claiming he “banged” Shanahan and was “apparently no longer friends” with Brin, who had propped up Tesla during the 2008 financial crisis. “This is total bs,” he tweeted. “Haven’t even had sex in ages (sigh),” Musk insisted when the Twitter profile he responded to advised him to “keep your d–k in your pants” because “they’re out for your head.” When another follower asked if that including not having sex during his recent chest-baring vacation, he insisted, “Nope.” He dismissed the report as just the latest example of “character assassination attacks [that] have reached a new level this year.” “I work crazy hours, so there just isn’t much time for shenanigans. None of the key people involved in these alleged wrongdoings were even interviewed!” he wrote. He suggested followers call out the WSJ, which “is supposed to have a high standard for journalism.” “WSJ should be running stories that actually matter to their readers and have solid factual basis, not third-party random hearsay,” he wrote.