The Texas yoga teacher accused of murdering a romantic rival had bounced around Costa Rica using aliases, officials said Thursday – as they revealed the owner of the passport she used to flee may face criminal charges. Kaitlin Marie Armstrong, the 34-year-old accused in the murder of pro cyclist Anna Moriah Wilson, used the names Beth Martin, Liz Martin and Ari Martin and visited several hostels and yoga studios before her arrest last week, Deputy US Marshal Brandon Filla said at a news conference. “During the investigation in Costa Rica, it was learned that Armstrong traveled to multiple destinations to include San Jose — where she landed there at the airport — to Jaco Beach and to Santa Teresa, Costa Rica,” Filla said. It was there the yogi was caught last Wednesday after drastically changing her appearance, looking as though she’d gotten cosmetic surgery. She was taken into custody at Don Jon’s Surf Shop and Yoga Lodge, giving uniformed local officers a false name when they questioned her for entering the country with a fraudulent passport, Filla said. She admitted her true identity minutes after she was detained. Armstrong had fled the US out of Newark Liberty International Airport using a valid passport belonging to someone “closely associated” with her. Inside Edition later reported Armstrong left her sister Christine’s passport in a locker at Don Jon’s, but authorities haven’t confirmed Christine’s passport was used. A reporter at Thursday’s news conference asked if the passport’s owner could face charges. “That’s currently an active investigation right now,” Filla replied. “We have forwarded that information to the United States Attorney’s Office in Austin and also in New Jersey.” Armstrong is accused of gunning down Wilson, 25, in a jealous rage in Austin on May 11. Wilson, who was romantically linked to Armstrong’s live-in boyfriend Colin Strickland, had just returned to a friend’s house after spending the day with Strickland. The yoga instructor fled Austin after she was questioned by cops, selling her truck and hopping a flight to Houston, then connecting to New York’s LaGuardia Airport. On May 18, she was dropped off at the airport in Newark and used someone else’s passport to get to Costa Rica, where she apparently tried to start a new life. She began by taking an hours-long bus ride out of San Jose. “She frequented other hostels, as well as other yoga studios. So she was really trying to build something to where she could instruct yoga there in Costa Rica,” Filla said. A $6,350 cosmetic surgery receipt found in her locker is now part of evidence, but the deputy marshal said it didn’t have her name on it so it couldn’t be confirmed at this time. Still, Armstrong was wearing a bandage on her nose and had discoloration under her eyes and her arrest photos show a noticeable difference in the shape of her nose. Armstrong was returned to the US on Saturday and extradited to Austin on Tuesday on a murder charge.