Elon Musk poked fun at Hunter Biden on Wednesday, posting a series of tweets that made reference to the president’s son and his penchant for illicit behavior. Musk tweeted a meme featuring a man with several cameras attached to a helmet and the caption “Hunter Biden every time he buys crack and hookers.” “Gives whole new meaning to Go Pros!” Musk added. Musk responded with a laughing emoji and a thumbs-up to a Twitter user who quipped: “At least, if Hunter Biden sees an Alien, we will get the sharpest recording that ever was.” The New York Post was first to report on the content on Hunter Biden’s laptop ahead of the 2020 presidential election. The laptop included thousands of emails related to the wayward son’s overseas business dealings as well as photos and videos. Hunter Biden has been open about his struggles with drug addiction and various leaked images have linked him to drug use, encounters with sex workers and even firearms. It’s unclear what prompted Musk to take aim at Hunter Biden. But the billionaire has frequently clashed with the Biden administration over the last several months. Musk has slammed President Biden for excluding Tesla from its push for increased adoption of electric vehicles – once referring to the president as “a damp [sock] puppet in human form.” Meanwhile, White House officials have indicated their frosty approach stems from the fact that Tesla plants aren’t unionized. Musk’s political spats aren’t limited to the Biden family. Earlier this week, former President Donald Trump referred to Musk as “another bulls–t artist” after word surfaced of his nixed deal to buy Twitter. In response, Musk said that Trump was “too much drama” and shouldn’t run for president in 2024. “I don’t hate the man, but it’s time for Trump to hang up his hat & sail into the sunset,” Musk tweeted. The latest tweet came during an eventful week on Twitter for Musk – who earlier shared a meme mocking the social media giant’s board of directors after they indicated plans to sue him.