Some can’t resist a man in uniform — which could be the reason why things are getting hot and heavy at a Polish military museum. Fort Gerhard, also known as the Eastern Fort Museum, in Świnoujście, Poland, posted a scintillating update to their Facebook page, politely requesting that guests cease having intimate relations among historical displays. “Guests in love, please understand — most of the exhibits in our museum are objects ‘born’ many years ago and lived in completely different ordinary standards. Conservative, orthodox and disturbing. We don’t expose them to discomfort!” the translated post from July 21 reads. If you’re wondering how they know about the saucy museum rendezvous — and managed to capture the pictures attached — the museum revealed that, too. “The museum has been equipped with cameras for some time,” they wrote, adding all footage is watched and you may not want that getting out to the general public. “We understand that unique exhibits and uniformed service can give you chills, EXCITATION and excitement,” they joked, before some light suggestions of where else visitors could, uh, publicly express their appreciation for each other. “Maybe it is worth taking a walk toward the wild beaches, which are abundant on the right bank of Świnoujście?” they wrote. “So far, we only have cameras in the museum, the reflector barrack and the exhibition of items from the wreckage.” The post gained national — and international — attention, with people laughing over the unexpected erotic hot spot. According to the museum’s director, Piotr Piwowarczyk, it’s not a joke or p.r. stunt. “In less than a month since the beginning of the holidays we’ve already had three recordings of lovers engaged in trysts,” he told Polish media outlet Gazeta Wyborcza, suggesting the dark areas may give people the illusion of intimacy. “Or maybe it’s a chakra?” he joked. “Perhaps this place releases energy in the area of the body responsible for sex?” In Poland, public indecency can result in a $371 fine.