The untimely death of porn star Wednesday Nyte at the age of 31 is shrouded in mystery. The adult actress, whose real name is Heather Sargent, died on June 18 in Las Vegas, industry publication XBiz reported last month. Details surrounding her death are unclear, but a woman claiming to be the late vixen’s sister took to Twitter on June 26 to imply that foul play may may have been involved. “The person we were looking for has been found,” Haley Sargent wrote. “At this time there is nothing further I nor her family/friends can speak about. Please no questions. Please respect my sister is all I ask. Let her RIP.” She shared a link to fundraising platform GoFundMe purportedly raising money for the transfer of Nyte’s body from Nevada back to her native Georgia. The Post has contacted the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department for further information. Nyte only appeared in a handful of professional films, but garnered a substantial fanbase on both OnlyFans and social media. On Twitter, the heavily tattooed brunette boasted a whopping 308,000 followers, while more than 26,000 fans followed her on Instagram. Her last Instagram photo was posted June 16, just two days before her sudden death. In it the X-rated entertainer is seen smirking as she poses in a provocative position. A separate selfie, posted just days earlier, shows off face tattoo filter which cryptically states: “Pray for me.” Fans flooded the comments section beneath the snap, paying tribute to Nyte after news of her passing started circulating on social media. “F- -k. I wish this was just a nightmare. Going to miss you,” one wrote. “Rest in Peace. Hope you get justice,” another penned. The GoFundMe allegedly set up for Nyte has raised more than $6,000. The fundraiser’s bio, written by a “long time friend of the Sargent family,” states that Nyte was “a free-spirited and adventurous soul.” “That soul and spirit of hers lead her to some beautiful places with just as beautiful people throughout her journey of life,” the description read. “Most recently she has resided in Las Vegas, Nevada. … She leaves behind her mother, father, sister, nephew, and uncle. And of course an immense amount of friends.” The author of the bio also begs for privacy: “We ask that any questions at this time just be refrained as honestly, we don’t have the answers. We hope this changes dramatically in the very near future.”