The Force is not strong with Taika Waititi. In a recent interview with Rolling Stone magazine, the “Thor: Love and Thunder” director said that he had totally forgotten that Natalie Portman had starred in the “Star Wars” prequel trilogy, according to the Wrap. The 46-year-old “Jojo Rabbit” director said that while they were filming “Love and Thunder,” he actually asked Portman if she had ever wanted to be in a “Star Wars” film. “She said to me, ‘What are you up to next?’ I said ‘Oh, I’m trying to work on a “Star Wars” thing. Have you ever wanted to be in a “Star Wars” movie?’ ” said Waititi. “She said, ‘I’ve been in a “Star Wars” movie,’ and I went ‘… should we do another take?’ ” Portman starred as Queen Padmé Amidala in the franchise’s first prequel installment, 1999’s “The Phantom Menace,” alongside Keira Knightley, Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor and would later reprise her role in 2002 for “Attack of the Clones” and 2005’s “Revenge of the Sith.” Lucasfilm announced on May 4, 2022 that Waititi would be directing his own theatrical “Star Wars” film, but the production company was unclear about when Waititi’s addition to the franchise would debut. “Not this year,” said Waititi. “I’m going to be in New Zealand from August until the end of the year with ‘Our Flag Means Death’ and ‘Time Bandits’ and during that time I will still be writing. I’m still trying to figure out what the story is.” Waititi did say that he had a lot of work ahead of him. “I’m never gonna please the fans,” he said. “You know, I don’t want to mess with something that’s so treasured. Also, you feel like you’ve got to do a lot of research . . . and I don’t have any time.” Some die-hard “Star Wars” fans found Waititi’s lack of knowledge disturbing. “Why do they keep giving ‘Star Wars’ movies to directors who aren’t that knowledgeable about ‘Star Wars’ in the first place?” tweeted one disgruntled fan. “We expect a guy directing a ‘Star Wars’ movie to know one of the main characters of ‘Star Wars,’ ” tweeted another. “Thor: Love and Thunder” is set to rock its way into theaters on Friday, July 8, 2022.