Disgraced South Carolina legal scion Alex Murdaugh will be charged this week over the double slaying of his wife and son, his brother confirmed Tuesday. Investigators from the State Law Enforcement Division (SLED) visited Murdaugh’s younger brother, John Marvin Murdaugh, at home Tuesday to break the news, journalist and true crime author Vicky Ward revealed. Officers “told the Murdaugh family that Alex Murdaugh would be charged this week with the murder of his wife and son,” Ward tweeted. Murdaugh’s brother soon confirmed to the Post and Courier that officers visited him for 30 minutes to prepare him for the criminal charges over the shocking double slaying in June last year. He stressed that officers made no mention of suspects other than his brother, who is already behind bars facing more than 70 charges. Sources also told Fitsnews — a local site behind the podcast “Murdaugh Murders” — that charges would be presented to a grand jury on Thursday. Two sources also told The State that the indictment would be for murder. However, agents did not let on to what evidence it had when briefing the family Tuesday, John Marvin Murdaugh told The Post and Courier. “The entire family has been consistent that regardless of what goes on, we want the truth,” the sibling said Tuesday. SLED declined to discuss the reports Tuesday. “SLED’s investigation into the murders of Maggie and Paul Murdaugh is still active and ongoing,” the force told The Post. “Agents are committed to the integrity of the investigation, thus no additional information from SLED will be provided at this time.” Murdaugh, a member of one of the Palmetto State’s most prominent legal families, had been the one to first call 911 when his wife, Maggie, 52, and troubled 22-year-old son Paul were found shot dead outside their hunting property in Colleton County in June last year. Investigators immediately said the public was not in danger even without naming any suspects. Murdaugh’s own lawyer, Jim Griffin, later admitted in interviews in October that “SLED identified Alex as a person of interest. They’ve never eliminated him as a person of interest.” While he has not been charged with the double slaying, the focus on him quickly exposed a series of shocking financial crimes — as well as a secret drug addiction. He has been behind bars since last October, a month after he admitted to concocting his own shooting as part of an elaborate scheme to leave his surviving son, Buster, with $10 million in insurance cash.