An OnlyFans star said she’s snubbed at her daughter’s daycare by fellow moms who disapprove of her kinky career as a porn star. Lena Nersesian, 31, is subjected to “death stares” from jealous women when she drops off her toddler at the center in LA, declaring that she is “too hot for daycare.” “I think some of these moms think I’m going to strip and start having sex with their husbands right there if they don’t watch my every move,” Nersesian told JamPrime.com. “In their minds, I’m some kind of perverted sexual beast that wants to sleep with anything that moves.” Nersesian clocked up more than 1.6 million fans on YouTube after revealing that she lets friends sleep with her fiancé, Adam John Grandmaison. The couple shares their naughty sex tapes with paying subscribers on OnlyFans, where they’ve raked in tens of thousands of dollars. But the busty brunette says other women shouldn’t judge her for her steamy job — insisting she’s just a normal mom when she’s not performing on camera. “I’m not a homewrecker; I’m a successful blogger, entrepreneur and businesswoman who has built my brand up from nothing,” Nersesian said. “My fiancé is just as successful and we have respect for ourselves and others, regardless of what some people may think.” Not only does Nersesian say she “couldn’t care less” about her judgmental peers, she also says she pities them for their pious perspectives. “It’s sad in a way but only for them,” the porn star stated. “It’s 2022 and people should be able to see beyond lazy stereotypes. “Unfortunately, they are still well-entrenched with some people, but there is nothing I can do about that,” she added. Outside of their unconventional work lives, Nersesian and her partner enjoy a normal family life consisting of home-cooked meals, day trips to the park and movie nights. “I hate to disappoint but most of my home life is incredibly normal and very unexciting,” the buxom beauty claimed. “I’m a big foodie and love cooking for the family; it could be anything from baking to a roast but it is great family time together,” she said. “I have Armenian heritage and family is incredibly important in that culture. Those are the happiest times for me.” Nersesian said she hasn’t looked back since she started performing on camera five years ago, and claims the kinky career has only become more convenient since she became a mom. The mama’s flexible schedule means she is able to pair her porn pursuits with raising her daughter. “Working as a performer has given me immense freedom to pursue my goals,” she explained. “I had a bit of time off after I had my daughter and it allowed me to reassess what I wanted to do.” “It may not be to everyone’s taste but I love it and it makes me feel sexy and fulfilled. It also puts a roof over my family and food on the table,” she added. “If that is not freedom and progression for women, then I don’t know what is.” Nersesian isn’t the only mama to face judgment over her sultry choices. Back in February, a Bolivian mom blasted critics after she was shamed for wearing a “sexy” outfit on her son’s school run. Meanwhile, last year, an American woman claimed she faced wrath from other moms for looking “too nice” at the local playground.