The Long Island lifeguard who fought off a shark with his bare hands told The Post on Monday how he found himself face to face with the deadly predator — and that it’s a miracle he managed to walk away in one piece. Zach Gallo, 33, said he was at Smith Point Beach in Suffolk County on Sunday playing a victim in an ocean training exercise when he suddenly felt a “sharp pinch” in his hand as he was treading in chin-deep water. “That’s when I pulled it to my chest, and survival instinct kicked in,” said Gallo, who has been a lifeguard for 10 years, at his home in Bayport. “I ripped back and just started hammer-punching, and I felt the rubber texture of the head. It felt like the size of a basketball.” As the 5-foot long beast thrashed in the water, Gallo kept punching to keep its sharp teeth off of him and just seconds later, the fight was over, the guard said. “I just ‘boom, boom, boomed,’ and on the third connect, the shark flipped. I saw the whole body flip and swim in the other direction,” Gallo said. “And it was that moment where I realized that we were dealing with a shark,” he said. Gallo said that as he bled from wounds to his chest and hands, he knew the rest of the guards in the water were still in danger and immediately sprung into action. “Once I saw that and felt the tail hit me in the chest and arm, I instructed the other guards that I was in the water with, ‘Get to shore! Get to shore! Get to shore!’ I probably swam faster than I ever had in my life,” Gallo recalled. “As I swam out of the water, I had lifeguards coming in, which was really great. Thankfully, I was in an area that was protected by lifeguards.” Miraculously, Gallo only required a couple of stitches in his hand and a bandage on his chest and said he was lucky there were so many people around to help him. “You should have seen the other guy,” he quipped. “I’m grateful that it was a minor injury. It could have been a lot worse, and I’m just very grateful that I walked out of the water on my own. I’m grateful that I received EMT services right away. I’m grateful that I work at a beach with the best lifeguards in the world.” Gallo’s wife, Caitlin Murray, said that when she heard the news, she thought he was joking at first. “He’s always so fearless. He sounded so calm, I said, ‘Oh, OK, are you sure it wasn’t a bluefish or something?’ It was just crazy hearing it from all his friends who were there, ‘No, this is what happened. We all watched it happen,’ ” Murray, 30, told The Post. “I’m just proud he had the strength to tell everyone to get out, too. I’m so glad he walked away with a scratch, but he’s the best guard to pick on because he’s the biggest dude on the beach. I’m very proud.” Despite the brush with death, Gallo said he’s not scared to go back in the water and said the shark was likely just “curious” and not trying to eat him. “We are visitors in their world. This was just a curious animal. I have to be out of work for 10 days, but I’m looking forward to getting back into the water,” he said. “I think the important thing to share is you shouldn’t be afraid to go in the water. There is marine life out there, and the biggest thing is to make sure you’re always swimming by a lifeguard, because something like this could happen.”