TikTok is always obsessing over one thing or another. First, it was biker shorts and oversized hoodies. Then, it was booty-lifting leggings with short tennis skirts following close behind. Now, it’s the clean girl aesthetic. What exactly is the clean girl aesthetic, you ask? Let us tell you. The clean girl look is essentially your “just got out of the shower, and I’m effortlessly gorgeous” look. It consists of a slicked-back bun, light makeup, a fresh scent and easy-to-wear style staples. Think Selena Gomez, Zendaya, Gabrielle Union and Jeniffer Lopez. They always look gorgeous and put together in the simplest way. Despite recent popularity on TikTok, this “trend” has actually been around for decades with the likes of Brown and Black women taking charge. Slicked-back buns completed with gold hoops and glossed skin isn’t anything new. So while Hailey Bieber and Bella Hadid may be the poster children for this “TikTok trend,” let’s remember where it actually originated. Let’s jump into the clean girl makeup look. Despite popular belief, you can achieve the clean girl aesthetic makeup look with as little or as much makeup as you’d like. The key objective here is to keep the look dewy while utilizing natural tones that bringing out your unique beauty. Packed with hyaluronic acid and mineral SPF 30, this tinted moisturizer does it all. It provides a breathable base while giving you that light coverage you desire. You already know all about this iconic Rare Beauty Soft Pinch Liquid Blush — but here’s the real deal: it’s totally worth it. Choose from radiant or matte finishes. Wow wow wow. It’s tagline is, “It makes the look of your pores disappear!” Did we believe it? Absolutely not. Did we try it out anyway? Absolutely yes, and it worked like a charm. Seriously, we were blown away by how good this stuff really is. It Cosmetics recently added extended shades too, which is a major upgrade! Providing plump lips and high shine has never been easier. But what sets this innBeauty glaze apart is its delicious frozen rosé taste and smell. Make sure those brows stay put with the Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow Freeze. When this brow gel first launched, it was flying off of the shelves left and right — and it’s still worth the hype. The clean girl hair is made up of a slicked-back bun and a center part. Some ladies prefer to leave a few strands out to frame the face, and we are just as obsessed. We’ve also seen clean girl hair achieved with curly hair, so make sure to do what suits you and your hair best. To achieve the slicked-back bun, you’re going to need some strong-holding hair ties. We love these no-pull options from Goody. Get ready for ultimate hold and control. This clear, lightweight pomade is never greasy or crunchy but always has your back (or hair). It’s recommended for coarse, thick or curly hair, but all hair types can enjoy. Brush those fly aways down with this 100% boar bristle brush. It features medium firmness and is the perfect size to take on the go. This iconic Andrew Fitzsimons hairspray is both affordable and luxurious. It locks in your style while also smelling lustrous. When it comes to clean girl fashion and accessories, it doesn’t get easier than this. Throw on any staple pieces such a black cropped top, blue jeans, a white tank or a matching yoga set. Then, complete the look with some stunning gold hoops and a matching gold necklace. And just like that, you’re done. Who doesn’t want a two-pack of super soft bodysuits? Especially when they feature a crew neck with two-snap bottom closures. These Rellery hoop earrings are it. Made of lightweight material and enhanced with ultimate shine and shimmer, these earrings will become your everyday jewelry staples. A classic pair of mom jeans for the win? Absolutely. Choose from three blue jean hues and slip into these high rise babies. It doesn’t get much more gorgeous than this stunning tennis necklace. Featuring cubic zirconia pave, you’ll be feeling luxurious in no time. Now, the clean girl smell really depends on your own personal fragrance preference. Some women like a warm, vanilla scent. Others like a fruity, floral explosion. For the sake of this article, we are going to share our top five favorite light and airy perfumes. “Obsessed” is the word we would use to describe our feelings towards this Prada fragrance. With one spray, you’re instantly wrapped in notes of citrus florals, mandarin and cedarwood. Essentially, you’ll feel like the forest fairy you are. It doesn’t get more classic and elegant than Chanel’s Coco Mademoiselle. With notes of vibrant orange and fresh jasmine and may rose, your senses will awake. If you enjoy bright, crisp citrus and warm floral amber, then this is the scent for you. Just picture yourself lounging on a private island — that’s what this scent is all about. This scent was inspired by naked skin and claims to feel like “you’re sleeping in your birthday suit.” It doesn’t get much more “clean girl” than that, and we are so here for it. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.