Looking to connect with nature? Gardening is a great way to not only get to know the great outdoors better, but also make your space even more beautiful — both inside and outside. And if you’re an aspiring home gardener, the NatureID app is ready to school you on thousands of plants right from your smartphone. Right now you can score a lifetime subscription to this AI-based digital tool for 66% off the usual price, dropping it down to just $19.99. Curious how NatureID works? All you have to do is take photos of your beloved indoor or outdoor plants while using the app and you’ll receive recommendations on how to choose the right soil, get the right watering and fertilizing schedule down, and even learn how to set the appropriate temperature conditions. There’s even a light meter so you can determine the sunlight level and choose the perfect spot to place your houseplants. Content is made in collaboration with expert botanists, providing unlimited info that replaces a plant encyclopedia. It’s like having a personal assistant in your pocket that helps you care for your indoor and outdoor plants easily. Find out more about your favorite tree or even serve as a plant doctor, identifying diseases easily and learning how to treat symptoms right from your smartphone. A plant journal also helps remind you to care for your little green friends and help them thrive. The NatureID app has accrued over eight million downloads, with happy users working hard to identify plant species and learn more about the world around them. It scored 4.6 stars on the App Store, and iPhoneness listed it among its 7 Must See Plant Identification iPhone Apps. Happy customer Cathy shared, “Love that after it identifies the plant it gives lots of information, light meter, pot meter, and reminder options and lets you add it to your personal plant list. I am using this to accurately document all the plants on my property. I’ve tried other plant apps and this is by far the best!” Score a lifetime of continuous plant knowledge and assistance for less than $20 with this incredible deal. Get a lifetime subscription to the NatureID Plant Identification Premium Plan today for $19.99. Prices subject to change. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.