More Big Apple bodega workers may end up killing violent customers to protect themselves and their business, an industry leader told The Post Thursday — as he claimed crime is up 70 to 80% in bodegas and supermarkets citywide. Frank Garcia, chairman of the National Association of Latinos State Chambers of Commerce, issued the grim warning after Manhattan bodega clerk, Jose Alba, wound up charged with murder for fatally stabbing an ex-con he was trying to fend off. “Crime is up 70% to 80% at our bodegas and supermarkets,” Garcia said, citing a recent survey conducted by the Bodega Association and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. The survey also found that 80% of respondents who work in bodegas said crime was their biggest issue, according to Garcia. Supermarkets in The Bronx and northern Manhattan also cited crime as their top concern, he added. “The crime is not just in the bodegas. It’s in the supermarkets. It’s in the retail stores that sell cellphones. We have issues with the restaurants,” Garcia said. He suggested the recent case involving Alba, who was sent to Rikers Island on a $250,000 bond following last Friday’s fatal stabbing, was proof a crackdown on crime was needed. A judge agreed to reduce Alba’s bail to $50,000 on Thursday. “This man was defending himself,” Garcia said of Alba. He warned more bodega workers, as well other merchants, are going to “kill more people because we have to defend our business.” “We don’t even have panic buttons in stores,” Garcia added. Currently, there is no specific NYPD crime statistics for locations like bodegas. If the NYPD won’t collate the data in a bid to reduce the crime rates, Garcia said he was going to rope in The City University of New York and John Jay College of Criminal Justice to help. Garcia said the concerns about rising crime was raised with city Small Business Commissioner Kevin Kim three weeks ago. He added his chamber was going to have a town hall meeting on crime and invite Mayor Eric Adams and Gov. Kathy Hochul in an attempt to convince them to take rising crime in bodegas and supermarkets more seriously. “The governor and the mayor have not included us in their plans. Whenever things blow up, then they call us,” he said.