Home is where the heart is — but it never hurts to also have some comfy pillows and throws, too. In honor of the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, running now through July 31, we give you full permission to do some retail therapy for every room in your house, especially when luxury home goods are on sale. For more information on the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, the epic shopping event officially kicked off for Nordy Club cardmembers on July 9, and then opens to the public on July 15 through the end of the month. However, at any time, feel free to build your wishlists, and be notified when out of stock items come back to purchase, should you have your eye on a hot-ticket item. Speaking of hot ticket items, we rounded up a few of our favorites from coveted brands like Barefoot Dreams, UGG, Voluspa and more. Shop our picks and then be sure to scour the whole home decor section to create the home of your dreams. Get cozy with this celebrity-loved blanket. The Barefoot Dreams blankets are known to be loved by the Kardashians, so you know they are good. We love the neutral colors of the CozyChic throw, but also be sure to check out the animal-printed In the Wild blanket as well. Don’t moan and groan if you don’t have this UGG blanket yet. You can now get one of your own, on sale as part of the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. The blanket comes in a variety of colors to match your space, made of UGG’s classic plush fabric. Turn your bed into a plush seating area by day with a coverlet. This one from Matouk comes in white, silver and a light pool blue to add an extra layer of design to any bed, now on sale in all sizes. Not pom poms, but how about some fringe? This throw blanket is from Pom Pom at Home, on sale for over $80 off the original price. The Montauk throw is made of 100% linen, which is perfect for cool summer evenings and daytime on the patio. One can never have too many pillows. Check out this accent pillow from DKNY, now on sale during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. The pillow has a quilted design that you can leave as-is, or choose to cover with a case to change out season by season. Lay your head on this super plush pillow and it will give you sweet dreams all year long. The Barefoot Dreams pillow has a matching blanket, too, should you want the whole set, and is now on sale in both cream and graphite colors. Art really does tie a space together. Get your very own gallery wall art without any of the work when you get this nine-piece set from Deny Designs. The mural pieces are made of wood, for a rustic and lovely look. Linen is truly the fabric of summer. We love it for clothes but also for home decor, as it helps keep your house cool in the summer. Plus, these curtains come in silver, linen white and an indigo color for a pop of color. Luxury and velvet go hand in hand when it comes to home decor. This set of two curtains are from DKNY and come in six neutral colors and three lengths to fit any window treatments in your home. We smell a great deal on candles. This set from Apotheke has both a diffuser and a traditional candle, making for an amazing housewarming gift for a loved one as well as a “treat yourself” present for your own home. The set comes in the scent “White Vetiver” and in matching gray vestibules. Why have one candle when you can have five for a discount? This decorative set of Voluspa candles features five different patterns and scents, normally retailing for $55. The set includes French Linen, Moroccan Mint Tea, Freesia Clementine, Suede Blanc and Saijo Persimmon. Nest into your space with lovely scents. The New New York candle set comes with three white candles for a discount, now $31 in total. The black box contains one of each bestselling scent: Bamboo, Grapefruit and Ocean Mist & Sea Salt. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.