Brendan Fraser looks very different in his upcoming film, “The Whale.” A first-look image was released on Tuesday showing the “Mummy” actor, 53, in full character, which he previously said was achieved through prosthetics and makeup. Fraser is playing a 600-pound English teacher named Charlie who suffers from morbid obesity as he attempts to form a relationship with his teenage daughter (Sadie Sink). The two became estranged after Charlie left his family for his gay lover. After his partner’s death, Charlie then turned to binge-eating out of grief. The R-rated drama is directed by Darren Aronofsky and written by Samuel D. Hunter. Hong Chau, Ty Simpkins and Samantha Morton are also appearing in the film, which is set to debut at Venice Film Festival this fall. “Adapting my play into a screenplay has been a real labor of love for me,” Hunter told Deadline in 2021. “This story is deeply personal and I’m very thankful it will have the chance to reach a wider audience,” the screenwriter continued. “I’ve been a fan of Darren’s ever since I saw ‘Requiem for a Dream’ when I was a college freshman writing my first plays, and I’m so grateful that he’s bringing his singular talent and vision to this film.” Fraser revealed to Unilad last year that the film is “gonna be like something you haven’t seen before.” The “George of the Jungle” star also spoke to Newsweek in June 2021 about “The Whale,” dishing about what fans can expect. “I’m going to be tight-lipped about it but I can tell you it’s already in the can,” he said. His character also required him to wear heavy makeup and artificial prosthetics, and he noted how sitting in the makeup chair was well worth it. “The wardrobe and costume was extensive, seamless, cumbersome,” Fraser told the outlet. “This is certainly far removed from anything I’ve ever done but not to be coy, I haven’t seen any of it yet but I do know it’s going to make a lasting impression.” Fraser is making a career comeback with his new roles in “The Whale” and the forthcoming “Batgirl” flick. He has stayed away from the limelight in recent years due to depression. In 2018, he candidly revealed that a former Hollywood Foreign Press Association president allegedly groped him in 2003.