You probably know the feeling all too well. You know, the feeling of combing through your closet hangers for that dress, only to find yourself in a last-minute fashion dilemma. These crisis-sounding moments happen and, to be frank, I don’t love the idea of repeating outfits (I will if I have to, but still). This puts me in a catch-22, because if I adore an outfit to its core, I also want to claim it as my own. That said, I don’t sound like the Poster Client for clothing rental companies. I couldn’t wrap my head around paying a lump sum each month to wear an article of clothing once. But then, nuuly came along and — much to my surprise — I was instantly hooked after my first month. For $88 a month, you’ll have inside access to your choice of six styles each month — from party dresses to premium denim and even vintage pieces. I’ve been hearing about nuuly everywhere: as podcast advertisements, from YouTube content creators I subscribe to and from people I know in real life who have a million events to go to this season. What’s great about nuuly is that you can cater your box (actually, it’s a sustainable and soft zip-up case) for whatever you have going on. When I tried nuuly for the first time in June, I knew my calendar was going to be filled with taco-and-sangria dinners with friends, a gala party press event, a few graduation parties and, of course, commutes to the New York Post office for work. So, I curated my box with an out-of-my-comfort-zone jumpsuit (which I ended up loving), a few formal floral dresses and a quality pair of AGOLDE denim jeans (because, why not?), among others — but read on for more. With nuuly Rent, the service I used, you can browse a lookbook of styles before committing to your first month. From brands to choose from — like Anthropologie, Free People and LoveShackFancy — you simply add six styles to your cart. They can be all cute dresses for work, all denim jeans to wear a month straight or a mix and match of all its offerings. It’s completely up to you. Oh, and there’s no price limit for renting. In other words, you can rent six pieces that are all $300 a pop, with no additional charge. Or, if you find a $35 top, you can add that to your bundle. It’s as convenient and customizable as that. Let’s be real — you chose six items you want to wear and, upon wearing them, you’re bound to fall in love with at least one of your picks. Nuuly allows you to purchase any of your styles at an up-to-75%-off discount to keep them in your wardrobe forever. Or, if you want to keep the clothing rotation going each month, you can return all six items in the provided return label. What’s more, nuuly has an in-house, state-of-the-art laundry facility so you don’t have to worry about washing your clothes before returning them. Oh, and get this — there are no late fees, damage fees or fees to pause or cancel. So, you don’t have to worry about spilling something or losing a button. Plus, if you don’t have a need for the rental service or have a vacation planned, you can even pause your account for a period of time. That said, nuuly knows your life is meant to flex. The brand is also your next favorite service, and here’s why — it serves as a beloved storage facility to give you access to its wide array of styles without worrying about limited storage space. Now, that’s something to celebrate. When I tried out nuuly, I probably spent close to three hours on my computer to optimize my style selections. I was impressed the brand offered a brief style quiz, asking for my height, weight and bra size. Nuuly also asked me for what type of fit I usually wear (petite, standard or plus) and what body type closely resembles mine (pear, apple, hourglass, inverted triangle or straight). I appreciated the option to select more than one for better results if you’re a mix of two or more options. I was also impressed with nuuly’s fast, two-day shipping. I didn’t have to worry about its ETA — it graced my doorstep and was the most exciting bundle to unzip. Throughout the month, I felt comfortable, confident and refreshed. With nuuly, I didn’t feel the fast-fashion ick (you know what I’m getting at). While I did love every piece I ordered (except for the Free People top; it was way more cropped than originally pictured on the site, which didn’t make it work-appropriate as I had thought when adding it to my nuuly cart), I appreciate the service for keeping my closet less cluttered. While I enjoyed my first month of nuuly (and definitely plan on using it again), it’s one con is that it’s not practical every month — at least for my lifestyle. Though I head to the city twice a week to go into the office and go out with friends regularly, it’s not every month I have weddings, graduation parties and after-work parties. Since June had more of my calendar filled up, it 100% made sense to take advantage of renting six new styles for $88 a month. I was absolutely shocked when I discovered how much I liked nuuly. I’ve never been one for thrift stores and prefer buying clothing pieces new, always hanging them in my closet after their first wear. That said, you bet I’ll be checking nuuly’s inventory every so often to sign up for my second month. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.