Kate, a 28-year-old living in San Francisco, was smitten when she found Kevin, a tall 34-year-old with side-swept dirty blond hair and piercing brown eyes on Tinder last month. In his profile pic, he wore a tuxedo with a crooked bow tie, reminding her of Leonardo DiCaprio in “The Great Gatsby.” “6’2, I’ll put you on my shoulders at concerts,” Kevin’s profile read, noting that he lived in Long Island but was “in SF for work.” Kate, who works in tech and asked to go by a pseudonym for safety reasons, eagerly swiped right. “I was like, ‘oh, this guy is really cute. He sent me a message and was very sweet off the bat,” she recalled. “He said he worked in New York City. I was like ‘great, I’m actually moving to New York in a month or two.'” The two texted for hours into the early morning and Kate found herself thinking about where things might go when she moved east. “He was saying he was looking for someone who was easy-going and seemed very open and vulnerable,” she said, noting that he gave the impression of wanting something serious. He shared that he was recently separated and sober for almost five years. “But I go out all the time so no worries, haha,” he said in a text message obtained by The Post. Kate could relate, she’d also stopped drinking and was looking for sober fun. “I’m actually a very good person. No restraining orders or anything,” Kevin assured as the texting continued. “I have a good feeling we are going to meet and be inseparable.” Soon after, they went on a first date at an ice cream shop near his hotel in Fisherman’s Wharf. She was surprised by his glaring crow’s feet and how he looked older than his stated age of 34 on his profile. He admitted that he was actually 38, and Kate dismissed it all as a harmless lie. Things quickly got personal. He opened up to her about the reason behind his sobriety, saying he was addicted to painkillers following a football injury. He told her he separated from his wife because he wanted a woman who was more driven.  Then, after less than an hour of wandering the city on a chilly Bay Area night, Kevin pulled the old “I’m cold” tactic, suggesting they go back to his hotel. Kate said she didn’t intend to sleep with him, but ultimately was pressured to do so. She snuck out of the hotel room at 4 a.m. feeling misled and used. “It’s a bummer that my boundaries weren’t respected last night. It was nice to meet you, but I don’t see us reconnecting. Safe travels back home,” she said. She was left so sketched out by the experience that, four days later, she posted Kevin’s photo to “Are We Dating the Same Guy?” a New York City-based private Facebook group with more than 35,000 followers. It turned out, other women knew Kevin. “Omg this is so weird – this dude somehow got my phone number in 2020 and texted me,” Crystal Tushinsky, 38, a hair stylist from the West Village commented on the Facebook post, noting an experience with Kevin back in July 2020. “I was in the middle of working on my client and I had a message from an unknown number, which isn’t unusual because I’m a hair stylist … I said, ‘I’m so sorry, I don’t know who this is? Who is it? He acted like it was a mistake and asked who I was,” she told The Post. “When I told him I was a hair stylist he said he didn’t believe me so we exchanged photos. He was like ‘you’re so beautiful. This is crazy; this is a dream.'” Forget West Elm Caleb — the New York furniture designer who created an uproar on TikTok earlier this year after several woman discovered they’d been ghosted by the same guy. Meet Long Island Kevin. A number of woman on the “Are We Dating the Same Guy” Facebook group have discovered that they’ve all had strange encounters with the same strapping blond guy who just happens to be married. “I Googled his phone number and I found his LinkedIn, which led me to his last name and to Google Images. I found his wife’s Instagram,” Tushinsky said. She found out that Kevin was not only married but had a child. “I screen-shotted the picture of him and his wife and his daughter and sent it to him,” she said. “He was like ‘I’m so sorry. I’m so unhappy. She’s controlling and she makes me miserable. Please, don’t say anything.” He got really nervous. I just said ‘you’re disgusting.’ And that was it.” Tushinsky hadn’t thought of him for many months when she saw Kate’s post in early July on “Are We Dating the Same Guy.” She was compelled to share her own Kevin encounter, and it rang familiar to Jordan, a 28-year-old living in Nolita who declined to give her last name for safety reasons. “OMG wait this is EXACTLY what happened to me!! He ‘accidentally’ texted me and said he meant to text his friend’s brother instead,” Jordan commented on the thread, later confirming her experience with The Post. “When I figured out he was married with a child I called him out on it and he kept trying to call me and apologize, told me he was unhappy and that he was leaving her.” More serious allegations come from another woman, Sarah, who is using a pseudonym out of fear that Kevin could retaliate. “I’ve been running from this guy since 2018,” she commented in the Facebook thread. “First he lied about his age and used old pics. I called him out about it and he said it was so his work colleague’s wouldn’t find him. I was able to overlook that and we wound up hooking up,” she continued in the thread. Then, weeks later, he sent her a dirty text message. “He kept asking me if he could pick me up in his car to b—-w him? And when I turned this down he threatened to drive around my campus dorm until he could find me. He also proceeded to call me ‘ugly’ and attack my appearance. I blocked him and he kept finding ways to get in contact and would send unsolicited pics,” she continued in the Facebook thread. She told The Post that Kevin asked if he could be her “sugar daddy” in 2019. “I was a 21-year-old broke college kid so I said ‘okay,’” she recalled. She said he later told her he couldn’t because “his wife checks his statements.” Sarah blocked him and has warned others against him. “I really, really wouldn’t get involved with this psycho. I really don’t think he’s capable of respecting a woman,” she alerted readers  in the Facebook thread. When contacted by The Post, Kevin’s wife, who is now living in Florida with him, said she had no comment. Kevin did not respond to multiple requests for comment from The Post, nor did the founder of the “Are We Dating The Same Guy?” Facebook group. Kate, meanwhile, is glad for her story to serve as a warning to others. “I needed to speak up against this guy,” she said. “He was doing all this while he was married. Imagine how many other women he’s done this to off-line?”