If any owners have $500 million burning a hole in their pockets, here’s a way to spend it. The Nationals plan to entertain trade offers for Juan Soto after the 23-year-old superstar rejected a 15-year, $440 million contract offer, according to The Athletic’s Ken Rosenthal. The deal reportedly did not include any deferrals and would have made Soto the highest-paid player in baseball history. Though Nationals GM Mike Rizzo has said publicly that he doesn’t plan to trade Soto, viewing him as the centerpiece of the team’s ongoing rebuild, this changes the picture. “It is,” Soto told reporters Saturday afternoon when asked if it was frustrating details of the negotiations became public. “It feels really bad to see stuff going out like that. Because I’m a guy, I keep everything, on my side, I keep everything quiet, I try to keep it just them and me. They just take the decision and do whatever they need to do.” According to Rosenthal, the team believes that if they can’t sign him at that price, they can’t sign him, period. Soto is under team control for the rest of this season and then two more. His value on the trade market, presumably, would be astronomical, and that is without factoring in the eventual cost of a new contract. It would also come with the risk that Soto leaves in free agency. His agent, Scott Boras, is generally one to test the open market, although it would be quite a move to turn down a record offer for a second time in order to do so. Of course, there are only so many owners who would be interested in paying that much — but we can safely assume that both the Mets and Yankees at least have the cash in hand, though it’s an open question as to whether they’d be willing to part with the assets required to make such a deal. If Soto eventually signs a long-term deal, it would set whichever club gets him up for the foreseeable future in the outfield. Soto is an All-Star for the second straight year, with 19 home runs and an .895 OPS. He also leads the majors in walks. “This is the team I’ve been with since 2015, I’ve been with this team,” Soto said. “I feel good with it, and when I get to know the city more, it feels great. Why should I need to change?” The Nationals have the worst record in baseball at 32-60, but have kept Soto through their rebuild, believing that they can recover in time for the 23-year-old to be a part of their next contending team.