TV no longer has the dog days of summer when new shows were scarce and repeats ruled the roost. July is an especially busy month this year, with a wide variety of offerings. Here’s what to watch for — from wacky comedies to tense dramas to docuseries. In this comedy series, Maggie (Rebecca Rittenhouse, “Four Weddings and a Funeral”) is a mid-thirties woman who runs a psychic operation – but she also happens to have real abilities. Her romantic life becomes complicated when she begins seeing her client’s future … and it involves her. Premiere date: July 6 on Hulu The comedy stars Lana Condor (“To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before”) and is helmed by Erin Ehrlich (“Crazy Ex Girlfriend”) and Lauren Lungerich (“On My Block”). It revolves around a high school senior who lives under the radar but wants  to be noticed. One night, she gets the chance to make her life more epic but, the next morning, she discovers that she’s now a ghost. Hey, it happens. Premiere date: July 8 on Netflix A psychological thriller starring Taron Egerton and Ray Liotta (in one of his final roles) and based on a true story. When Jimmy Keene (Egerton), a high school football star and the son of a cop, is convicted of drug-dealing, he’s offered a choice: he can spend 10 years in prison or be transferred a maximum-security prison for the criminally insane to befriend a suspected serial killer (Paul Walter Hauser) and find out where his victims’ bodies are buired. Based on Keene’s true crime memoir “In With The Devil: A Fallen Hero, A Serial Killer, and A Dangerous Bargain for Redemption.” Premiere date: July 8 on AppleTV+ Hosted by Kevin and Frankie Jonas (siblings of the more famous Nick and Joe Jonas), this reality series follows 12 celebrity relatives as they live in the same house, try to keep their identities secret, compete in challenges for a cash prize and play “DNA detective” on each other. Premiere date: July 11 on ABC (10 p.m.) Created by and starring Phoebe Robinson (“2 Dope Queens,”) this comedy follows Phoebe (Robinson), a Brooklyn-based 30something podcaster whose wild behavior threaten’s her brother’s success when he launches a political campaign. Premiere date: July 13 on Freeform (10 p.m.) Each episode of this reality dating series show focuses on a new woman as she dates five different men over the course of a week — while  they all live in her home, of course. Premiere date:  July 13 on Lifetime (10 p.m.) A new sci-fi zombering offering in the popular franchise. It’s 14 years after a virus caused the apocalypse, and Jade Wesker (Ella Balinska) tries to survive, while also trying to figure out what happened to her sister. Premiere date: July 14 on Netflix This docuseries chronicles the rise and fall of the famous lingerie empire while also examines the relationship between former CEO Les Wexner and Jeffrey Epstein. Premiere date: July 14 on Hulu A sci-fi series that sounds like part “Stranger Things,” part “Yellowjackets.” It’s based on a comic by Brian K. Vaughan (“Runaways”) and follows four girls who get sent on an adventure through time while they’re out delivering papers on the morning after Halloween in 1988. During their journey, they encounter future versions of themselves. Premiere date: July 29 on Prime Video