She’s a brick house — and a bricklayer, too. A glamorous teenager constantly gets accused of lying when she tells people she landed her dream job — in construction. Francesca Hawley swaps out her classy heels and stylish dresses for hi-vis vests when she’s at work, but says she wouldn’t have it any other way. The 18-year-old works for her dad and boss, Richard Andrew, 52. Andrew has always supported his daughter’s career ambitions — although other people raise their eyebrows when the stunner tells them what she does for a living. “When people ask what I do and I tell them I’m a bricklayer, they go silent. People don’t believe me and look at me like I’m lying,” she said. Hawley has always wanted to follow in the footsteps of her father, so packing in a college course to be a bricklayer was a no-brainer. “I’ve always wanted to be like him and have gone with him to work as often as I could when I was little,” Hawley, from Sheffield, South Yorkshire, in the UK, said. “Most people my age don’t want to spend much time with their dad, but I love working with mine every day,” she added. “He’s taught me a trade and helped me find my dream job.” But come the weekend, she swaps out her hard hat and boots for crop tops and heels. “From 8 a.m. until 6 p.m., I look a mess — and then at the weekends I actually look like a girl wearing a dress and heels with makeup on. “I still get my nails done, too. I will have them manicured and just wear gloves to protect them.” Hawley also shared that people assume the men on site are hitting on her since she’s the only woman, but “it’s not like that at all. “My dad started his business when I was six-years old, and everyone who works for him still does, so they have all seen me grow up,” she shared. She also admitted she was bullied for having male friends when she was younger. “I got bullied when I was younger and was home-schooled from the age of 13, so on my days off, I would go and help my dad on the building sites.” While on site, she got to know the men working for her dad. “I have grown up with the men that work for my dad, they have become like brothers to me,” she said. “They always check up on me and make sure I am OK, and sometimes even come on nights out with me, too. “I just prefer being around lads. They are much less hassle and just get on with it,” she added. Hawley grew up idolizing her dad and always knew she wanted to be like him when she got older. “My dad has always been a builder, and when I was younger, we lived on a farm, so when he would build on our land, I would always be helping him,” she shared. “This is when I found my love for building.” “It’s like working with my best friend, even though he’s my dad. We both have the same humor, and it’s always fun,” the teen said. “I love spending time with him and always knew I wanted to work with him.” “At work we have to stay professional, but at home I can speak to him about things I didn’t maybe get that day at work, and he will show me next time how to do it properly.” Even though he’s her boss, Andrew doesn’t treat his daughter any differently when she messes up. “He is an amazing boss and very understanding and helpful, though if I do something wrong I will still get in the same amount of trouble as the boys do,” Hawley admitted. “He makes sure I am OK and confident in what I am doing, and if I need any help he will never be far away to ask.” Hawley admits she’s a daddy’s girl and says he is her best friend. “It’s always just been the two of us,” she said. “He taught me everything I know, and I’d be lost without him.” And her glamorous alter-ego doesn’t stop her from getting her hands dirty. “I love my job, and I will do it forever.”