The 22-year-old cops believe carried out a mass shooting during a 4th of July parade outside Chicago is a rap artist who has a history of disturbing social media posts, including one image that depicts someone who looks to be shot dead by police. Robert “Bobby” Crimo III, who goes by “Awake the Rapper,” posted a video to his since-deleted YouTube page that included an image of a man with a long gun face down in an apparent pool of blood with a few police officers standing in front of him, according to screenshots posted to social media. Crimo was taken into custody Monday as a person of interest in the carnage in Highland Park, which left six people dead and over a dozen more injured. According to an IMDb page, Crimo is also a songwriter and director from the Chicago area. The page boasts one of his songs released in 2018 amassed “millions of plays so far across online streaming platforms.” Crimo began uploading music when he was 11, according to the IMDb page. The page claims his net worth is $100,000. “The six foot Hip hop phenom Awake The Rapper was born Robert Eugene Crimo III on September 20, 2000 in Chicago, Il,” according to the page. “He’s the middle child of three and of Italian descent.” Crimo released one music video called “Are You Awake” in October 2021 that includes drawings of a man aiming a rifle at another person, according to a Fox News report. The video also shows an image of a newspaper clipping about Lee Harvey Oswald, who shot and killed President John F. Kennedy, and another image that shows a drawing with blood spurting from a person’s body, according to the report. The most-viewed video on his YouTube channel is a music video for “On My Mind” that shows him in a classroom, the Daily Mail reported. At one point, it shows Crimo reaching into a backpack before the screen goes black. Once the music returns, it’s filled with evil laughter and fast-paced piano music and loud drum beats with Crimo wearing a helmet and bulletproof vest, according to the Daily Mail. The video then shows the classroom ransacked with Crimo smiling, the outlet reported. According to his Spotify page, he put together three albums, one in 2017, 2018 and then last year. The page says he’s averaged 16,466 monthly listeners. His father, also named Robert Crimo, ran for mayor of Highland Park in 2019. He lost to Highland Park Mayor Nancy Rotering in 2019, WGN 9 reported. When the news station reached out to him for comment, he reportedly hung up. Crimo also posted at least twice about former President Donald Trump, according to an NBC News report. He was seen with a Trump flag draped over him in a Twitter post from June 27, 2021, according to the outlet. The caption on the post only read “spam.” Another video reportedly posted on his YouTube page appears to show Crimo with other people cheering Trump’s presidential motorcade outside an airport on Jan. 2, 2021.  He later flipped the phone’s orientation to show his face at the end of the video.