Jennifer Lopez is getting loud about the life-changing “wellness” struggle she’s suffered — and survived. The 52-year-old multi-hyphenate entertainer has opened up about a exhaustion-induced panic attack that led her to alter the way she lives her hectic life. “There was a time in my life where I used to sleep 3 to 5 hours a night. I’d be on set all day and in the studio all night and doing junkets and filming videos on the weekends,” she revealed in the new edition of her On the JLo newsletter. “I was in my late 20s and I thought I was invincible.” The “Hustlers” actress was sitting in her trailer on set one day when “all the work and the stress it brought with it, coupled with not enough sleep to recuperate mentally, caught up with me.” The “I’m Real” crooner also described how she “went from feeling totally normal to thinking about what I needed to do that day and all of a sudden I felt as if I couldn’t move.” “I was completely frozen,” Lopez said, adding that she had trouble with her vision and “couldn’t see clearly.” The panic attack symptoms began to scare her and the “fear compounded itself.” “Now I know it was a classic panic attack brought on by exhaustion, but I had never even heard the term at the time,” said Lopez, adding that she thought she was going insane and went to her doctor to help alleviate her pain. “My security guard on set came in and picked me up and drove me to the doctor. By the time I got there, I could at least speak again and I was so terrified I thought I was losing my mind,” the “On the Six” singer recalled. She continued, “I asked the doctor if I was going crazy. He said, ‘No, you’re not crazy. You need sleep.” He then advised her to get seven to nine hours of Zzz’s a night, to steer clear of caffeine and to work out. The “Selena” actress explained that she didn’t put her self-care needs first and made the choice to focus on herself more in the future. “I realized how serious the consequences could be of ignoring what my body and mind needed to be healthy — and that’s where my journey to wellness began,” she said. Today, the trailblazer aims “to live a very healthy and balanced life,” noting that her wellness philosophy has become “about pro-living versus anti-aging.”