“Frisky Friday” is here — beware! July 22 is the most popular day of the year for cheating, according to the UK’s top “married dating site” Illicit Encounters. The site has predicted a 77% rise in UK affairs this day, noting that it’s the last day parents have their kids in school before summer break begins — so it’s the final chance to easily hook up. However, a whopping 87% of people on the site said they plan to continue messaging their lovers online through the summer vacation. In anticipation of the “cheatwave,” Illicit Encounters even coined July 22 “Frisky Friday.” However, the site warned that a quarter of affairs are busted by suspicious partners going through their partner’s phone. If you don’t want to get caught up in the “Frisky Friday” shenanigans, make sure to watch out for these key warning signs that your partner might not be yours and yours alone. Alison Harris, 54, from Oxfordshire, gets paid $87 per hour to find evidence of cheating spouses and shared what to look out for. “The obvious one is if they suddenly start taking an interest in themselves, how they look, perhaps they change how they look, they lose weight, and start going to the gym,” she said. “Another sign is if they carry their phone everywhere. That’s a huge red flag. They could also suddenly decide on this hobby that you had absolutely no idea they wanted to do before. “It can be any sudden change and I think you do realize,”  she concluded. On the other end of the spectrum, self-confessed mistress Amy Kupps, 32, recently revealed the four distinct lies that men tell their wives when they’re cheating. The North Carolina native explained that the first lie a cheater will tell their partner is that they’re “meeting up with a friend for a quick drink.” “They’ll tell their wives not to wait up all night waiting for them,” the mistress declared. According to Kupps, the second lie revolves around absences that account for a longer period of time. “He’ll likely say, ‘I have meetings and am traveling all week for work,’” she declared. The unapologetic homewrecker told Jam Press that many gullible wives believe their husbands are away on business when they’re actually shacked up at a nearby motel with another woman. Thirdly, Kupps claims a cheater will tell his wife not to call his work phone as their “boss will get upset if they take personal calls.” The mistress says women should be especially wary if their husband keeps their work phone locked away in a private place. Finally, the fourth lie a cheater will tell is: “I’ve got a new credit card but it’s just for work, so don’t worry about it.” Kupps claims that the card is likely being used to pay for a mistress’ expenses. Of course, it isn’t just men who cheat. In fact, women are leading the charge for non-monogamy, according to Ashley Madison, the notorious US dating site that caters to cheaters. According to their research from earlier this year, 65% of women on their site do not believe in monogamy — with 56% of them having a change of heart over the past year.