With Roe. V Wade recently overturned by the Supreme Court, many are making a renewed push to ensure they’re having the safest sex. But one woman has come forward to reveal how the men she’s bedded are constantly coming up with weak excuses as to why they can’t wear a condom — and she’s plenty turned off about it. Chloe Burns, 26, took to TikTok this week to share two videos listing the reasons guys refuse to wrap up with a rubber, with the clips collectively clocking up more than 11 million views. The viral videos both start with Burns standing in a bedroom looking unimpressed before she reels off the responses her bed buddies have uttered when asked protect their peckers. Burns says one man she slept with claimed to be allergic to condoms, and begged to have unprotected sex. Another alleged that they were “tested three years ago” so there was no need to peel on a prophylactic as the STI risk was minimal. As for pregnancy, a separate shameless shagger once told Burns that there was no risk as long as they had unprotected sex in a certain position. “Let’s just do it from behind then,” the brazen bloke barked, claiming there was no way a woman could get knocked up during doggy style sex. Meanwhile, multiple other men were careless about condoms because they assumed  Burns could handler her own contraception. “Aren’t you on the pill?” one asked, while another suggested she just  take Plan B the next morning. Several other men didn’t even bother coming up with excuses when quizzed by Burns, and instead tried to shame her into having unsafe sex. “Seriously? Most girls don’t care,” one complained. Another boldly declared: “I’ll find someone else then.” Many of Burns’ female followers chimed in with comments beneath the videos, saying they have heard the exact same things from disgruntled lovers. “‘I’m allergic to them.’ My ex said that but now he’s allergic to seeing his 5-year-old,” one  shockingly wrote, revealing she went through with the unprotected sex. Others claimed they had heard different excuses from their  partners. “I’ve heard ‘it’s not the same feeling” and ‘It’ll smell like rubber,'” one woman wrote. Another chimed in: “Don’t forget the all time classic: ‘They don’t fit me!'”