Carlos Rodón has had a good season for the San Francisco Giants, but Tuesday night was not the right-hander’s finest hour. A frustrated Rodón, who struggled in the Giants’ 7-3 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks, kicked a bat and struck teammate Thairo Estrada in his right leg after the fifth inning. Estrada was able to get up but was limping. The 26-year-old shortstop, who played 61 games for the Yankees over the 2019-2020 seasons, remained in the game. Christian Walker was a big source of Rodon’s frustration after he crushed his 23rd homer, on the first pitch he saw for a three-run homer that broke a 2-2 tie in the third.  Rodón gave up three hits in six innings. Two were home runs, though, accounting for five runs. He struck out 10, walked two and hit a batter. Rodón’s temper boiled over after he came off the field in the fifth. He kicked a bat in the dugout, which hit shortstop Thairo Estrada in the knee. Teammates, including infielder Wilmer Flores, weren’t happy with Rodón’s display. It wasn’t Rodon’s only outburst in the Giants’ loss. He also angrily threw his glove in the dugout at the end of the second inning after giving up a two-run homer to the Diamondbacks’ Sergio Alcantara. “Unacceptable action,” Rodón said after the game. “I hit my teammate, the nicest teammate on the team. Just a selfish action, and it just cannot happen. Stupid.” Rodón said it was frustration building up from his previous start at Los Angeles and increased in the desert. “My last two starts haven’t been great, and today I wanted to come out and get a win for the boys,” he said. Manager Gabe Kapler agreed with Rodon, who immediately went to see if Estrada was all right. “You saw that right away,” Kapler said. “Carlos feels terrible, he knows it’s unacceptable. These are his teammates, and if he’s not able to maintain control, somebody can get hurt. … We’re going to work on ways for him to be in control in those situations..” Estrada stayed in the game and was hit by Luke Weaver’s pitch leading off the sixth. That one got him in his arm guard, at least, and he later scored on Brandon Belt’s double. Rodón is 8-6 and has a 3.18 ERA as the Giants fell to 48-49, falling below .500 for the first tiime this season. Despite his tantrums, Rodon — one of the Giants’ aces, along with Logan Webb — still could be a trade-deadline target for contending teams who are looking to improve their starting pitching. — with AP