The surge in shootings across Brooklyn’s bloody 75th Precinct should serve as a dire warning that the Big Apple could see a return of the bad old days if something isn’t done soon, experts said Thursday. John Jay College of Criminal Justice professor Joseph Giacalone, a former NYPD sergeant, said gangs “and violence for the sake of violence” were behind the exploding gunfire  rocking the 75th, which includes East New York and Cypress Hills. “Gangs are always part of the problem. Gangs and drugs . . . usually those two go hand in hand,” he said. “Now, we haven’t seen the overall spike in shootings and murders so far this year city wide, but there are pockets of it. . . We’re starting to see them bubble up again. And if they don’t get a hold of that, and they don’t get their hands around that, it’s going to get ugly.” Giacalone’s ominous prediction came after The Post reported Wednesday how the 75th Precinct — dubbed the city’s “killing ground” in 1993 when it averaged one murder every 63 hours — was leading the city in shooting incidents, with 48 this year through Sunday. That tally represents a 26.3% spike compared to the same period last year and included a 100% increase during the most recent 28 days, which essentially cover the time since summer started. The gunfire continued Wednesday evening, when a 39-year-old man was shot outside a bodega on Linden Boulevard, leaving a trail of blood to the Cypress Hill Houses across the street. “The Seven-Five used to have a slogan: Give us 22 minutes and we’ll give you a homicide,” said Eugene O’Donnell, a fellow John Jay professor and former NYPD cop. He said that slogan will again creep closer to reality because of pols who refuse to back the police. “I think these communities need the very best, attentive elected officials and I think they don’t have them,” he told The Post.  “You need people who are reality-based. You have to work with the police. You have to be endorsing legitimate law enforcement.” O’Donnell added: “You cannot get caught in this rhetoric that until the economy is equal for everybody you have to sit back and let the shootings continue.” A veteran NYPD cop blamed also blamed soft-on-crime politicians and the justice system, fuming that “there’s no consequences for carrying a gun.” “You can put a thousand cops out there and the perps are still going to walk around with guns. They don’t go to jail,” the cop said. A Brooklyn cop noted acidly, “You don’t have to be a genius to lower crime. All you have to do is keep the criminals in jail the first time you arrest them. Another law enforcement source concluded, “Obviously, the people in power don’t really care.” “Everyone is carrying a gun because there are no repercussions,” the source said. “It’s like the Wild West out there — except you have young kids who aren’t old enough to drive shooting people on bikes and scooters instead of horses.” A police spokesperson said in an email, “The NYPD remains ever vigilant in deploying resources throughout the City, especially in the 75th Precinct.” “Year to date arrests in the 75th Precinct are up 30% and arrests for 7 major felonies are up 28%,” the spokesperson said. “That said, what we need is to keep repeat offenders in jail and not allowed to re-victimize the community.  To achieve that we need the steadfast commitment of all our partners, pulling in the same direction, to realize our goal of public safety for every New Yorker.”