There were three in the bed . . . and this couple never looked back. A wife struggling with her husband’s high libido has bought a lookalike sex doll in order to take the pressure off if she’s not in the mood. Char Grey, 23, splashed out $1,800 on the racy replica for her sexed-up spouse Callum, 28, only to discover that she has also developed feelings for the dirty doll, named Dee. “Dee is not just a doll,” Char told South West News Service. “We’re really attached to her. She’s helped strengthen our relationship — and set our sex lives on fire.” With Callum constantly in the mood for sex, Char says she was struggling to keep up. The horny husband had also proposed the idea of a threesome, but Char was reluctant to bring another woman into the bedroom. Instead, Char thought it made sense to buy a doll to participate in pretend threesomes — and for Callum to use as a plaything when she wasn’t feeling up for sex. “There were so many to choose from, but we eventually found Dee, who we think looks like me,” Char enthused, revealing she bought the doll in June 2021. In the 13 months since, the silicone sex toy has helped take the couple’s carnal activities to new heights. “It was the best decision and has definitely improved our sex life,” Char stated. “It’s great because Callum has a high sex drive, and if I’m not in the mood, he’s got Dee there.” She added: “We both love experimenting with her — and she regularly joins our steamy sessions too.” Outside of the bedroom, Dee has also become an important part of the couple’s relationship. Char and Callum dress the doll up in white lingerie and take her out on car rides. She also sits beside them when they watch their favorite TV show, “The Inbetweeners,” together. The pair proclaim that they “don’t care what anyone thinks” as bringing Dee into their life has “worked for them.” Meanwhile, Char and Callum are OnlyFans stars who can make upwards of $80,000 a month. The pair have also brought Dee on camera for cameos, and many of their 2,000 subscribers have similarly become enamored with the inanimate object. However, Dee doesn’t always join the couple for their sex sessions and is occasionally placed in a studio while they enjoy alone time. “We’d never put her away in a cupboard,” Char declared. “She has had a positive impact on us as a couple. If anything, she’s brought us closer together.”