Married At First Sight’s most infamous villains — Olivia Frazer and Jackson Lonie — are back in the headlines after their OnlyFans content was leaked without their permission. And while the MAFS stars have been shocked by the leaked, it comes as no surprise to one OnlyFans creator who predicted the leak months ago. Speaking to Yahoo! Lifestyle, Lonie revealed that an OnlyFans sex tape featuring himself and Frazer had been sent to his mother. “People thought it was OK to send our videos to my mom … which is f—ing disgusting,” he said. “And if you’re the type of person who sends that to somebody, you need to take a good, hard look at yourself. “The amount of sh-t that Liv and I have copped, I understand that we’ve put ourselves in a position where we’ll get a bit of heat, but then you get people who think it’s OK to (get) our families involved? “That’s not OK. Don’t send one of my OnlyFans videos to my mom.” Lonie and Frazer have had their OnlyFans content leaked. Picture: Instagram/Jacklonie1/ olivefrazer. The pair first caused a stir when they joined OnlyFans, despite having used the platform to shame fellow reality TV star, Domenica Calarco. The weren’t the first ex-MAFS stars to join the adult content platform, and they certainly haven’t been the last — but they might just be the most unwelcome, judging by the reaction of existing OnlyFans creators. “Olivia’s responsible for a lot of the backlash we receive, and now she’s joining the platform,” Australia’s top OnlyFans content creator, Lucy Banks, told news.com.au back in June when the couple first announced their shock move to join the site. “We all have an Olivia in our lives.” Banks also predicted the couple would eventually have a similar experience themselves on the platform, because so many creators do. What’s more, they wouldn’t have the support of their fellow adult content creators when it happened, thanks to their own actions. Banks said this kind of behaviour is common for OnlyFans creators, and said she suspected this would happen to the pair before their OnlyFans journey had even started. “A lot of people would be signing up just to have that content so they can do the same thing to (Olivia) — which is not OK and I hope it doesn’t happen — but unfortunately she’s put herself in a position where she’s putting those images out and a lot of people don’t like her,” Banks said previously. ‘It’s more common than it should be … people get really obsessive about it.’ Picture: Instagram/@itsnotlucybanks. “As much as I don’t like her, and I don’t like what she’s done, I really hope it doesn’t happen to her. Nobody deserves that, but I’m sure she’ll find out.” Now several months on from the MAFS scandal, Banks’ prediction has come true and there has been something of a role reversal. Banks added that regardless of the notoriety the pair already have from the MAFS scandal, the “outing” of content creators on OnlyFans already happens across the board. “It’s more common than it should be,” she said. “I don’t know what it is about working in the adult industry — whether you’re an escort, OnlyFans, stripper, whatever — people get really obsessive about it. “Being an OnlyFans creator is already such an isolating thing, which is why most of us are so supportive of each other. “They make it their mission to find your personal details and make sure your parents know. “I know girls who have had followers from OnlyFans — not even people they know in real life — stalk them to find out their personal details and out them to their family members. It’s not always people that you know; it can just be randoms on the internet,” she said. “Even me — I didn’t have any social media following and I’ve got no fame whatsoever. When I started, I had my content screenshotted and sent around to all the dads at my kid’s school. “It happened to me even without the fame,” she said. “Even now, I’m sure you could google Olivia Frazer’s content and you’d be able to find it for free already, which is not OK, but it’s a reality.”