This home that’s straight out of the ’40s is looking for a new owner. The turquoise-painted cinderblock cottage in Saint Cloud, Minn. — a striking-looking time capsule from that era — is freshly on the market for $250,000. “It’s a really lovely place. Magical, I think,” listing agent Delilah “Dolly” Langer of Edina Realty told The Post of the 2,147-square-foot bungalow. “I love it, and I think it’s pretty remarkable that it still has almost all its originality left intact.” The three-bedroom home was first constructed in 1940 and to date has only had two owners. Its first inhabitants were a shop teacher and his art teacher wife, who together built and designed much of the two-bathroom property’s most charming elements. “From what I understand, she did all the interior design and he designed a lot of built-in stuff,” as well as some furniture, including a “really curvy” second-floor desk, Langer said. “She painted the circus-themed bathroom. They raised their family there.” The second owner and current seller only bought the property after the couple passed away, and their son put it on the market. “He loves that house and he put a lot into making it his own,” added Langer. The well-loved little abode is set up a set of stone stairs on a grassy lot across the street from the Mississippi River. Behind its tiny turret of an entrance, the interior is just as colorful as the outside, with yellow walls and pink carpeting galore on the ground floor. The kitchen is also pink-themed, with pink walls, a pink tiled floor, pink cabinets, a pink island and a glass-paned pink breakfast nook. The living room has a fireplace, as well as pink carpeting. Also on the ground-floor are a turquoise bathroom, access to the attached garage and the first of the three bedrooms. Up the turquoise-carpeted stairs is a junior living room of sorts, set in the wallpapered recess beneath the sloped roof, the remaining two bedrooms and the circus-themed bathroom. The block is “well known” for being “very pretty,” but the bungalow has still gotten a reputation among the other homes for being so unique, Langer said.