Most New Yorkers are keen on driving to the Hamptons in the prime summer months. But for those looking for a fall and winter getaway, or something more in tune with nature, the Catskills region upstate has predominantly been the alternative. Now, a rare, 200-acre compound there with access to about 800 acres of trails through mountains has hit the market for the first time in nearly 200 years. It asks $14.8 million. Situated in the hamlet of Fishs Eddy, just 2.5 hours from New York City, the estate comes with four buildings, which include a main house and an entertainment lodge that spans 30,000 square feet, according to the listing. “Eddy means ‘where the river bends’ and you can see this on the map and photos of the property,” Gale Brophy, the current owner of the compound, told The Post. (It’s also the hamlet for which the popular Manhattan home goods store, Fishs Eddy, is named.) “In addition, my 1991 Kentucky Derby winning horse ‘Strike the Gold’ lived on the property, and rested and grazed there between races at Saratoga and the Belmont. His stall at Deer Ridge was converted into a guest room.” There are 29 bedrooms in total, multiple chef’s kitchens, several great rooms and fireplaces. Amenities throughout the compound include a pool, a hot tub and a stone fire pit for optimal entertainment. Meanwhile, there is over half a mile of river frontage with exclusive rights, the listing explains. “This property offers unusual flexibility as a primary residence, creative or corporate retreat, spa, riding camp or even performance venue,” the listing states. “My family acquired the property over a hundred years ago,” Brophy said. “Prior to 1839, it was owned by a family who raised cows and sheep on the property. Since then my family has used it recreationally for fly-fishing, hunting, snowmobiling and hiking.” “It is one of my personal homes and my favorite part of living here is the stillness, serenity and total privacy surrounded by mountains upon mountains.” Pegged as a “restorative retreat for friends,” it is located only 10 minutes from an airport with easy access for those arriving by small planes, the listing reveals. Elizabeth Peters with Four Seasons Sotheby’s International Realty holds the listing. “It has incredible potential as a compound,” Peters explained to Mansion Global. “The world has changed a lot in recent years and people are looking for safe havens. This is nothing if not a safe haven, it’s tucked away in a very private corner of the Catskills.”