Disgraced actor Armie Hammer may be working as a timeshare salesman in the Cayman Islands after all. After his lawyer denied the claim last week that the 35-year-old actor — who is accused of sexual abuse — ditched the spotlight to work at a resort, a source claimed to Variety that that is indeed what he’s doing because he’s “broke.” “He is working at the resort and selling timeshares. He is working at a cubicle,” the source alleged. “The reality is he’s totally broke and is trying to fill the days and earn money to support his family.” Before the hotel gig, the source claimed to Variety that Hammer was managing an apartment complex in the Cayman Islands, where he’s living to be near his two kids and ex-wife, Elizabeth Chambers. Previously, a source told Variety that the “Call Me by Your Name” star reportedly spent time in recovery at a treatment facility. Last week, TV producer Muna Mire fueled the rumor he was working as a concierge by posting a Morritt’s Resort flyer with Hammer’s mug on it. “My friend’s parents went on vacation in the Cayman Islands and armie hammer was their concierge i’m still not over it,” Muna claimed in the now-deleted post. “I am your personal concierge and am here to help you get the very best from your vacation. Regards, Armie,” the leaflet read. However, Variety reported that a longtime Morritt’s employee confessed to creating the fake flyers for fun. The Daily Beast also launched an investigation and spoke with the hotel’s director of sales, Christopher Butcher, who denied that Hammer worked there, but said he did come by the hotel. “[Hammer] lives in Grand Cayman. One of my staff plays golf with him, and he had come in just to spend a day with one of my staff members to see what we do,” Butcher claimed. “I’m sure [the hotel guests] would have seen him,” he continued. “He was outside having a cigarette … If you were a movie buff, you would recognize him.” But on June 29, Daily Mail added to the confusion when it published a photo of the actor wearing “what appeared to be a staffer uniform” at the hotel. The snap shows the “Social Network” actor clad in a blue polo shirt tucked into navy pants. The allegations against Hammer will be the subject of an upcoming true-crime docuseries set to air on Discovery+ and Investigation Discovery. The doc also will dive into five generations of Hammer family secrets using “a trove of archive and interviews from survivors and family members” to examine “a dysfunctional dynasty with its male characters exhibiting all the devastating consequences of privilege gone wild,” according to Variety. Hammer has denied all allegations of wrongdoing.