Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are now husband and wife. The couple got hitched in Las Vegas on Saturday, according to records filed in Nevada’s Clark County Court — that notably list J. Lo’s surname as both Affleck and Lopez. “I can confirm that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez obtained a married license last night, but their marriage certificate has not yet been filed,” County Clerk Lynn Marie Goya said in a statement. Lopez, in her fan newsletter “On The JLo,” confirmed the nuptials, calling it “the best possible wedding we could have imagined.” “One we dreamed of long ago and one made real,” she wrote, signing the newsletter Jennifer Lynn Affleck. “Love is beautiful. Love is kind. And it turns out love is patient. Twenty years patient.” The famous pair — nicknamed “Bennifer” –previously dated between 2002 and 2004 after meeting on the set of the 2003 romantic comedy “Gigli.” They rekindled their romance in April 2021 following the “Let’s Get Loud” singer’s breakup with baseball superstar Alex Rodriguez. Lopez , 52, said she and Affleck, 49, flew to Sin City Saturday night and stood in line with four other couples while waiting to tie the knot. “We barely made it to the little white wedding chapel by midnight,” she wrote in her newsletter. “They graciously stayed open late a few minutes, let us take pictures in a pink Cadillac convertible, evidently once used by the king himself (but if we wanted Elvis himself to show, that cost extra and he was in bed).” Lopez wore a white dress from an old movie and Affleck put on a white jacket he had in his closet, paired with a black bowtie. The two exchanged their own vows and gave each other rings “we’ll wear for the rest of our lives,” Lopez said. “When love is real, the only thing that matters in marriage is one another and the promise we make to love, care, understand, be patient, loving and good to one another,” Lopez wrote. “We had that. And so much more. Best night of our lives.” The “Marry Me” actress had previously announced her engagement to the “Argo” star a year after they got back together in a short video on her newsletter. This marks Lopez’s fourth marriage and Affleck’s second. Lopez, who hails from the Bronx, was briefly married to Ojani Noa from 1997-1998 and then Cris Judd from 2001-2003. She married singer Marc Anthony in 2004 and that union lasted for a decade with the ex-couple sharing 14-year-old twins. Affleck and actress Jennifer Garner wed in 2005 and share three children. They divorced in 2018. He and Lopez were previously engaged in 2002, but called off the wedding amid a media maelstrom. “When we found ourselves seriously contemplating hiring three separate ‘decoy brides’ at three different locations, we realized that something was awry,” the two wrote in a statement at the time. “We began to feel that the spirit of what should have been the happiest day of our lives could be compromised. We felt what should have been a joyful and sacred day could be spoiled for us, our families, and our friends.” With Post wires