Fireworks and furniture sales are in your future. Happy Fourth of July, Post Readers. We don’t know if you celebrate with hamburgers or hotdogs, but what we do know is that no Fourth is complete without some summer shopping. We’ve rounded up deals on pretty much everything from appliances and grills for the BBQ to retailer-based sales from Best Buy, Amazon and more. However, savvy shoppers know that one of the best things to buy over the holiday weekend is furniture. This is why we compiled a list of retailers with sales going on through the weekend, with selects for both the inside of your home as well as outdoor essentials for backyard parties all summer long. Read on for the best Fourth of July furniture sales, and be sure to check back often as we update our offerings right up until the big day on Monday. Celebrate the Fourth with Anthropologie now through July 4. Save up to 30% off select furniture, décor, gifting and more, so be sure to browse. Create the ultimate cozy home with Burrow furnishings, now on sale. The brand is doing a buy more, save more stye sale, with code USA22 unlocking the following savings tiers now through July 10. Enjoy savings for every room in the house from, Wayfair. The warehouse is holding a grand Fourth of July sale across categories, with up to 60% off savings. Take up to 55% off outdoor furniture, 55% off living room sets and grab new office furniture starting at $99. Turn your home into a castle with the Fourth of July savings you’ll be getting from Castlery. The brand is offering up to 30% off almost everything on the site, saving you time and money when furnishing your home. For modern furniture at modest pricing, check out the sale going on at Modloft. The brand is offering up to 30% off site wide during it’s Fourth Sale Event, now through July 4. Sign up for the brand’s newsletter alerts to get in on the sale, and then start shopping pronto. Celebrate all things cozy with Brentwood Home this holiday weekend. The brand has deals on memory foam mattresses, pillows and more, with deals running through July 11. Take $100 off the Cypress Affordable Memory Foam mattress with code JULY, get $150 off the Oceano, Crystal Cove and Hybrid Latex mattresses with code USA and get a free Zuma Wedge Pillow when you buy one at full price. Be it an apartment, duplex or house, furnish it right with selects from Apt2B. The brand is offering up to 30% off site wide, including modern sofas and bed sets, until July 5. Uncover the treasures in Pottery Barn’s warehouse during their July 4th Warehouse Sale. The brand is offering up to 70% off on furniture, bedding, decor and more, now through July 6. Your home is your sanctuary and Villa wants to make it look and feel that way. They are offering 15% off site wide from July 1 to 5 with code FOURTH15 at checkout. Be sure to check out their modular outdoor sofas and sectionals, made in all-weather materials for rain or shine fun. Be quick if you want to get in on these savings. Scout and Nimble is holding a sale for the holiday weekend, now through July 4. Save up to 20% on top lighting brands including Regina Andrew, Hudson Valley, Troy Lighting, Mizi and Savoy House, as well as up to 20% off bestselling decor and up to 20% off rugs from Loloi. Three cheers for Pom Pom at Home and it’s Fourth of July sale this year! The brand is holding it’s holiday event from July 1 through 6, with 20% off site wide. Use the promo code SUMMER20 to get in on the savings. Stock up on furniture for your home, inside and out, at Overstock. They are celebrating the holiday weekend with sales across the board, but make sure to check out the patio furniture starting at $99, mattresses starting at $199 and up to 70% off rugs, now through July 10. Tie your space together with a stunning rug from Rugs.com. They are honoring the Fourth of July holiday with a sale, offering up to 70% from now through July 4, plus free shipping and returns. Shop the Red, White and You Choose sale at Ashley Furniture for great savings. The brand is having a buy more, save more style sale, offering 10% off orders of $599 or more, 15% off of orders worth $1,776 or more and a grand total of 20% off orders worth $3,999 or higher. The time is now to shop for all things furniture at Macy’s. Now through July 4, save between 20 and 65% on brandname and bestselling items across furniture, mattresses and rugs. No need to fly to Africa to get the best decor from the continent. 54Kibo is holding a holiday sale with 15% off home decor and unique gifts, plus free shipping with code OSE15 from July 1-14. Turn your space into a safe haven with furnishings from Havenly. To celebrate with them, take an additional 10% off with the promo code JULY22 and enjoy full design packages discounted by 45% with code FIREWORKS now through July 4. There really is no place like home, which is why you should furnish it to your liking. Shop EQ3 No Place Like Home sale and save up to 30% off on select items now through July 5. Head to The Home Depot for all your July Fourth shopping needs. Get up to 35% off interior furniture, up to 40% off select mattresses and mattress toppers and up to 35% off small kitchen appliances now through July 13. Make your home feel, well, homey with the selects from Homary. The furniture site if offering up to 80% off until July 7, with amazing deals on outdoor furniture, office furniture and must-have items for the bedroom and bath. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.