A mom has issued a serious warning to other parents after finding disturbing accounts following her daughter’s private social media. Jess, who posts under the name ‘Hashtag Facts’ on TikTok, made the discovery after hearing about an alarming trend where videos of a famous three-year-old on TikTok were being saved and downloaded by thousands of anonymous accounts. When Jess took a closer look at videos she had shared of her own 12-year-old daughter – as well as her daughter’s private Instagram account – she said she needed to speak up and warn other families about what she found. “The problem with all the saves and all of the follows is that people are watching your children and doing disgusting things,” she said. “Protect your kids.”  Jess explained that she first started looking into things after learning of the controversy around popular creator Wren Eleanor – a three-year-old who has more than 17 million followers on TikTok. While at first glance the content shared by Wren’s mother is just adorable videos of the toddler playing dress ups, many parents started expressing concerns that some of her followers might have sinister motives. “What mums are noticing is how many times these videos of Wren are being saved,” Jess explained, pointing out that one video of the toddler in a crop top had been saved more than 45,000 times, while another of her eating a hotdog had been saved 345,000 times. “People started noticing really disgusting comments that men were leaving. I’m not going to share the disgusting ones, but I did notice that someone posted this: ‘she is so mature for her age’.” When Jess saw that comment, it immediately reminded her of one comment she received on a video of her 12-year-old daughter. “My daughter doesn’t have an account on TikTok…but my daughter was doing the ‘3,2,1 bang challenge’ and I posted it and I got this comment: ‘your daughter is kinda cute’,” she said. “I thought that comment was innocent when it was posted but it’s not. Then I realised the video of my daughter had been saved way too many times, so I removed it.” Things got even more disturbing when Jess checked her daughter’s private Instagram account and found anonymous accounts, like one called “Fun Testicles” following her daughter and seeing her content. Jess’s warning went viral and has now been viewed more than 5 million times, with many mums saying they’ve removed their children from social media altogether as a result. “This is why I don’t post my kids anymore. Sure 98 percent of viewers are innocent and think it’s cute. But that 2 percent isn’t worth it,” wrote one mum. “The amount of saves is baffling to me. Those people even use code words in comments to identify one another. So scary!” added another. “Wow this really opened my eyes, I post my son all the time,” another mum fretted.