She’s shining bright like a diamond. Rihanna is now the youngest self-made billionaire woman in the US — knocking Kim Kardashian to second place. The 34-year-old singer recently made Forbes’ annual list of America’s richest self-made women for the third year in a row, ranking 21st overall. She’s the only billionaire under 40 on the list. The next-youngest billionaire on the Forbes list is Kardashian, 41, who has a net worth of $1.8 billion. Kylie Jenner – who is the youngest non-billionaire on the list at age 24 – was crowned Forbes’ youngest self-made billionaire in 2018, only to have the title taken away after a recalculation of her net worth. Her net worth is currently $600 million. Rihanna’s net worth is now $1.4 billion, which is only partly from her successful music career. Most of it comes from her entrepreneurial endeavors, including Fenty Beauty, Fenty Skin and Savage X Fenty. In March, Bloomberg reported Savage X Fenty lingerie company was working with advisors on an initial public offering that could value the company at $3 billion or more. Rihanna owns 30 percent of that company. The nine-time Grammy Award winner also owns 50 percent of Fenty Beauty, which launched in 2017 and brought in $550 million in revenue in 2020. French luxury fashion conglomerate LVMH owns the other half of the company. In 2012, the “Love On The Brain” singer started a philanthropy fund called the Clara Lionel Foundation (CLF), aiming to “support and fund groundbreaking education and climate resilience initiatives,” according to the website. A year after the foundation was launched, the Fenty Beauty CEO held two lipstick campaigns with MAC Cosmetics, raising $60 million to benefit women and children affected by HIV/AIDS. In February 2020, CLF was named one of the world’s most innovative not-for-profit companies by Fast Company. But Rihanna’s main focus isn’t the money — she’s all about the “work, work, work, work, work, work.” In 2019, she told The New York Times, “I never thought I’d make this much money, so a number is not going to stop me from working.”