The swing 11th Congressional District occupied by Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis is trending red and a Democratic challenger will only be hurt by an endorsement from President Biden, according to a new internal GOP poll. Malliotakis holds a comfortable 15 percentage point lead in a likely rematch with Democratic ex-Congressman Max Rose in the district that takes in Staten Island and southern Brooklyn, the survey, paid for by the National Republican Congressional Committee and the Malliotakis campaign, claims. Malliotakis garners 51% of support of likely voters to 36% for Rose, who will likely win a Democratic primary against a socialist candidate Brittany Ramos DeBarros on Aug. 23. The remaining 13 percent of respondents had no opinion. President Biden would be an albatross for Rose in the district — 68% disapprove of the Democratic president’s performance and only 30% approve. A staggering 85% said the U.S. is on the wrong track, according to the survey. “Voters in NY-11 attribute the wrong direction to the ruling party and their disapproval of one-party rule in D.C. is reflected throughout the survey, contributing to a strong 48-32% Republican advantage on the Congressional generic ballot,” the analysis by 1892 Polling said. “Sixty-three percent of respondents identified Inflation/Economy or Crime as their most important issue.” Rose, an Army veteran, laughed off the poll. “That poll is about as real as Donald Trump’s claim he won the election,” he said. Rose won the seat after toppling ex-Republican Rep. Dan Donovan in 2018, only to lose to Malliotakis, a popular state assemblywoman, in 2020. Initially, Democratic-drawn redistricting of the 11th CD gave Rose a better shot at winning the district by including precincts including Park Slope and removing the more conservative parts of southern Brooklyn such as Dyker Heights. But the courts struck down the Democratic-drawn maps as illegal gerrymandering, and the court-ordered reapportionment largely kept the distract intact. The poll queried 400 likely voters and has a margin of error plus or minus 4.9 percentage points.