Beloved actor Bernard Cribbins died at the age of 93, his agent said. Cribbins’ glittering onscreen career spanning over seven decades saw him star in “Doctor Who” and the hit 1979 film “The Railway Children,” to name a few. News of his death was announced in a statement from his agency on social media Thursday. “He worked well into his 90s, recently appearing in ‘Doctor Who’ and the CBeebies series ‘Old Jack’s Boat,'” wrote his agency, Gavin Barker Associates. “He lost his wife of 66 years, Gill, last year.” “Bernard’s contribution to British entertainment is without question,” the statement continued. “He was unique, typifying the best of his generation, and will be greatly missed by all who had the pleasure of knowing and working with him.” Cribbins was propelled to fame after becoming the narrator of the popular British children’s TV show “The Wombles.” The actor was known by generations of children, having played station porter Albert Perks in “The Railway Children.” He landed the recurring role of Wilfred Mott in “Doctor Who” alongside Catherine Tate. Former “Doctor Who” showrunner Russel T. Davies led tributes, writing, “I’m so lucky to have known him. Thanks for everything, my old soldier. A legend has left the world.” Cribbins also played Dr. Who’s companion Tom Campbell in the 1966 film “Daleks’ Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D.” He returned 41 years later to reprise the role in the reboot. His other onscreen appearances include “Two-Way Stretch,” “She,” and the 1967 version of “Casino Royale” in the James Bond film franchise, where he played a taxi driver. He also appeared in some episodes of the hit ABC TV series “The Val Doonican Show,” which ran from 1975 until 1986. But acting wasn’t his only skill. Cribbins made a well-known name for himself in the music world and enjoyed a number of hit records, including “Hole In The Ground” and “Right Said Fred,” both of which reached the UK singles chart top 10. In 2018, he published a book about his life in show business, titled “Bernard Who? 75 Years Of Doing Absolutely Everything.” “Do your best and be grateful for every single job,” he wrote.