A 14-year-old was stabbed to death at the 137th Street/City College subway station in Manhattan Saturday afternoon in a fight with another teen, according to police. The teens started brawling on the northbound 1 train platform about 3 p.m. and one pulled out a knife, sources said. The victim was stabbed in the stomach and taken to Mount Sinai Morningside Hospital, where he was pronounced dead, sources said. The victim knew his attacker, who fled at the station, police said. The assailant was described as 18 or 19 years old with an Afro and wearing an orange shirt and black pants. Someone who matched the description of one of the individuals was later taken into custody, Chief of Transit Jason Wilcox told reporters at a news conference on Saturday night. The male suspect was suffering from stab wounds to the back and the abdomen and was taken to a local hospital. His role in the stabbing is unclear at this time, Wilcox said. The attack does not appear random, Wilcox added. The MTA partially suspended 1 train service because of the  police investigation. “This senseless and tragic incident is awful. We are cooperating with the NYPD investigation that remains in its early stages,” MTA Transit President Richard Davey said.A local vendor who gave her name as Fernanda, 31, said she saw police and the ambulance arrive and “heard people screaming.”“It’s scary. This neighborhood isn’t good anymore. Everything has changed,” she said. Sheila Lowe, 63, said incidents like the stabbing made her afraid to take the train. “You’re not even safe in the daytime anymore. They’re doing things in the daytime now,” Lowe said. “They have no respect for the cops or nobody. Where are the parents of these kids doing this mess? I just don’t understand.” A 15-year-old boy who rode by station on his scooter Saturday afternoon said he knew the victim from school and was shocked. “It’s devastating, bro. This never should’ve happened. It’s sad. The kid was growing up and had so much to look forward to,” he said. Mayor Eric Adams, speaking at an event in the Bronx for a youth program called Saturday Night Lights, said the stabbing reinforced the need for “safe spaces for our young people.” “We are going to find out exactly what happened and we are going to find the person responsible,” Adams said. Additional reporting by Georgett Roberts, Griffin Kelly and Steven Vago