President Biden stopped by the Japanese ambassador’s residence in Washington Friday to sign the condolence book for Shinzo Abe, Japan’s former prime minister who was assassinated earlier in the day. “On behalf of the Biden family and all of America we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the Abe family and the people of Japan,” Biden wrote, according to a photo shared by White House pool reporter Todd Gillman. “I had the honor to get to know the Prime Minister when I hosted him at the vice president’s residence and when I visited with him in Japan,” the president went on before adding that Abe’s death “is not only a loss to his wife and family — and the people of Japan – it’s a loss to the world.” “A man of peace and judgment — he will be missed,” the note concluded. “With sympathy, Joe Biden.” Before signing the book, Biden placed a small bouquet near a photo of Abe. He exchanged a few words with Japanese Ambassador to the United States Koji Tomita after finishing his message. Abe, 67, was shot twice in the neck while delivering a campaign speech in Nara, about 20 miles east of Osaka, ahead of Sunday’s elections to the upper house of Japan’s parliament. Doctors later revealed that he had died from massive blood loss and that one of the bullets penetrated far enough to reach his heart. The suspected shooter, 41-year-old Testuya Yamagami, has been taken into custody. In an initial statement after Abe’s death, Biden said he was “stunned” and “outraged” by the murder. “The longest-serving Japanese Prime Minister, his vision of a free and open Indo-Pacific will endure,” the president said. “Above all, he cared deeply about the Japanese people and dedicated his life to their service. Even at the moment he was attacked, he was engaged in the work of democracy.” Biden also took a moment to reflect on recent mass shootings in America saying: “While there are many details that we do not yet know, we know that violent attacks are never acceptable and that gun violence always leaves a deep scar on the communities that are affected by it.” To further honor the late prime minister, Biden issued a proclamation ordering US flags on public land to be flown at half staff through Sunday. Abe became Japan’s longest-serving prime minister after staying in office between September 2006 and 2007 and then again from December 2012 to September 2020. He stepped down that year due to a recurrence of ulcerative colitis. Throughout his political career, Abe won six national elections, fostered a strong alliance with the US while bolstering Japan’s defense. Several other world leaders, including Vice President Kamala Harris, former Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump, as well as French President Emmanuel Macron and disgraced British Prime Minister Boris Johnson have also offered their condolences in the aftermath of Abe’s death.