Despite her triple-D breasts, this single woman’s dating life is a complete bust. Boasting an impressively large endowment, model and trending TikTok pinup Romey Weller is going viral for having massive boobs — and minimal romance. “How are you still single?” questioned a commentator beneath one of 27-year-old Weller’s popular TikTok posts. In the clip — which beckoned over 31,400 hungry eyes — the plus-size beauty from Los Angeles is sporting a V-cut bralette, showcasing her DDD chest. Shen cheekily responds to the commenter’s query with an audio clip from HBO’s “Euphoria,” saying: “You’re confused? I’m f–king confused, bro!” And in the comments section of the video, when asked if she finds questions about her relationship status “annoying,” the voluptuary penned an emphatic, “Yes!” In a separate post, Weller made light of another irritating inquiry she often gets due to her bountiful bust. “When someone asks if I got fake boobs,” she penned in the closed-captions of the clip, in which she poses in a cheetah-print bikini top. With a smile, Weller uses voiceover audio from “Uncut Gems” star Julia Fox, 32, who says, “I actually did it myself. Yeah,” to hilariously convey that her breasts are, in fact, all-natural. Elsewhere, she cleverly squashes brazen assumptions that she’s a “slut” due to her ample anatomy with a snippet of Brandy and Monica’s collaboration track, on which the singers croon, “I’m sorry that you, seem to be confused.” And the stacked digital diva isn’t the only busty beauty whose big boobs have recently caused an online coup. In June, the designer behind body-inclusive line PerfectDD — a fashion brand designed for women with bra cup sizes ranging from DD to M — shared a TikTok of the disparaging comments she regularly receives for catering to buxom ladies. And a woman saddled with boobs weighing a whopping 28 pounds publicly revealed that she has to use a walking cane to support her size 40K cleavage in May. However, in the case of Weller, her huge hooters seem to be a big blessing rather than a curse. When scolded by a social media detractor who said: “Your niche can’t just be having big boobs,” the shapely siren used audio from rapper French Montana’s track “Unforgettable” to saucily retort: “Why not?”