A judge in Puerto Rico has issued a domestic violence-related restraining order against Latin pop icon Ricky Martin. Cops visited a wealthy neighborhood in the town of Dorado, where the 50-year-old singer lives, to attempt to serve the order, which was signed Friday, police spokesman Axel Valencia said. “Up until now, police haven’t been able to find him,” Valencia said Saturday of Martin, whose reps have labeled the allegations “false and fabricated.” It was not immediately known who asked for the restraining order, and the police spokesman said he could not disclose details on the matter because the order was filed under Puerto Rico’s domestic violence law. The complainant is not Martin’s husband of six years, Spanish-born artist Jwan Yosef, Telemundo reported Sunday. Yosef, 37, an accomplished artist who was raised in Sweden, has been in a relationship with Martin since 2016, the outlet said. The pair secretly married in 2017. El Vocero, a Puerto Rico newspaper, reported Saturday that the order states that Martin and the person who did file the complaint dated for seven months. The person alleged that Martin didn’t accept their break up two months ago and that he has loitered near the petitioner’s home at least three times, the report said. “The petitioner fears for his safety,” El Vocero quoted the order as saying. The order bars  the “Livin’ la Vida Loca” singer  from contacting or calling the person who filed it, police said. A judge will later decide during a hearing if the order should stay in place or be lifted. Valencia, the police spokesman, noted that the person who filed for the restraining order did not contact cops, which would have prompted prosecutors to determine if there was enough evidence to file charges. Instead, the request went directly to the court. Martin’s representatives have denied the claims. “The allegations against Ricky Martin that lead to a protection order are completely false and fabricated,” his spokesperson told The Post on Sunday. “We are very confident that when the true facts come out in this matter, our client Ricky Martin will be fully vindicated.” The news comes after Martin was slapped last week with a $3 million lawsuit from his ex-manager Rebecca Drucker for unpaid commissions. “Martin completely and maliciously refused to pay Rebecca the millions of dollars in commissions that he owes her under their management agreement,” reads part of the 15-page suit filed Wednesday. In a newly released documentary, though no specifics allegations are made against Martin, members of his former boy band, Menudo, alleged they were subject to sexual abuse, bullying, along with oppressive working conditions, and were exposed to drugs at a young age. But Martin — who is not interviewed in four-part HBO Max docuseries “Menudo: Forever Young” — made life difficult for fellow members, according to Sergio Blass, who was part of the group from 1986 to 1990. “To be with Ricky was brutal because he had seniority over me,” Blass said. “So if someone knocked on the door, I had to open it. If the phone rang, I had to pick it up. I was like his housewife.” According to reports, the singer has not officially been served with the restraining order as of Sunday. With Post wires