The Massachusetts State Police is mourning its first ever K-9 killed in the line of duty after he was gunned down while trying to nab a suicidal fugitive wanted for an earlier shooting. “Frankie is the first Massachusetts State Police canine killed in the line of duty,” the force’s chief, Col. Christopher Mason, said Tuesday of the almost 11-year-old Belgian Malinois who was shot dead Tuesday in Fitchburg. “Frankie had every trait we seek in a good law enforcement officer, canine or human: intelligence, immense courage, and dedication to protecting the public. He was as loyal a partner as any trooper ever had,” Mason said of the nine-year veteran of the force. “His sacrifice will never be forgotten,” he said, using police code for eternal peace for K-9s as he signed off, “Free time and Godspeed, Frankie.” The highly decorated police dog had been with his handler, Trooper David Stucenski, when they tried to bust a 38-year-old fugitive, Matthew Mack, who had been barricaded in a house for almost six hours. Mack — who was wanted for an earlier shooting — “fired multiple shots toward team members and struck Frankie,” Mason said, noting Stucenski escaped injury. Squad members “immediately picked up Frankie and evacuated him from the scene to an ambulance,” but he was pronounced dead at a local animal hospital, the colonel said. It was the first use of a new law that allows K-9s to get emergency treatment from ambulance crews, the chief noted. Mack was later found dead “from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot,” Mason said. He had been wanted on warrants charging him with firearms offenses and accessory stemming from a shooting last Thursday, the colonel said without elaborating. It was not the first time Frankie had been shot at during his “highly decorated” career, which included getting a Medal of Valor and Medal of Merit, the chief said. The State Police Association of Massachusetts called Frankie’s service “nothing short of incredible,” saying “he has participated in hundreds of missions and undoubtedly saved countless lives.” “As K-9 Frankie did hundreds of times before, he placed himself between our members and a dangerous subject,” the union said. “However, [Tuesday] this resulted in his ultimate sacrifice, something we will forever remember,” the association said, signing off: “End of Watch July 26, 2022.”