Albany TV news anchor Heather Kovar shocked viewers over the weekend when she slurred her words and appeared disheveled during an evening broadcast — and the station told The Post on Sunday that she has been suspended from her job. The CBS 6 anchor was jittery and wide-eyed during her Saturday segments and at times incoherent. At one point while trying to pivot between segments, Kovar said, “And so, moving on tonight, is we have to tell you also, you know, like other news that’s happening in the area, and across the area, in the nation.” She also began having trouble while discussing an explosion at a natural-gas plant in Oklahoma,  stumbling on her words. She quickly changed subjects during the report, too, saying bizarrely, “Well, hello! Good afternoon! “Like, I was telling you this morning, if you watched us this morning starting at 6 a.m., 7 a.m., I told you, you know what? Today, what a beautiful day outside! It is just amazing. And so, a great time for outdoor music.” She was clearly also having some technical issues during the segment and seen holding a wire at one point during the broadcast. She was ultimately cut off from speaking mid-sentence. The news anchor could not be reached by The Post on Sunday. The station said she was suspended pending further investigation. Kovar had said on Twitter on Saturday that she would be back on the air Sunday morning, but she did not appear on the station’s broadcast and instead was replaced by Emma Quinn, who did not return a request for comment. CBS 6, also referred to as WRGB, is owned by Sinclair Broadcasting Company. Kovar has been an anchor for the network since July 2016. Online, some local viewers expressed their concerns for the newscaster. “I hope heather ok…she looks a wreck and she is slurring,” someone wrote on Twitter. Posters worried she might have been having a medical issue. Kovar recently returned from leave, during which she was tending to her father before his passing, according to the Times Union of Albany. She wrote in a May Facebook post that “the station has graciously allowed me to take some time off to be with my family in Texas.” He passed away that month, according to her social media.