It’s no secret that Kim Kardashian has curated her body to achieve her picture-perfect looks — but just how much has been a mystery. The Allure cover star has kept her lips sealed on what is real and what is bought when it comes to her appearance, but now she has revealed how she strives to keep her youthful glow. When asked what exactly Kardashian has done to her face, the SKKN founder simply responded, “A little bit of Botox,” pointing to her forehead between her brows — and reportedly telling the writer she should get some, too. But her lips and cheeks are sans-filler, and her lashes are au-natural — or so she claimed. “I’ve never had eyelash extensions. I’ve never done anything,” the 41-year-old mogul stated. “I’ve never filled my cheeks. I’ve never filled my lips.” However, she admits her looks are practically everything to her. “I care. I really, genuinely care about looking good,” Kardashian dished. “I probably care more than 90% of the people on this planet. It’s not easy when you’re a mom and you’re exhausted at the end of the day or you’re in school, and I’m all of the above. I do my beauty treatments usually late at night. After everyone’s in bed, I’m doing laser treatments.” You heard that right: When the kids are asleep, she’s meticulously preserving her looks, which are arguably the foundation of her brand. Yet even one of the world’s most beautiful women is OK with “not being perfect,” she claimed, despite her valiant efforts. “I’m at peace with not being perfect and I wasn’t like that before,” the SKIMS founder said. “I hate my hands — they’re wrinkly and gross. But I’ve lived life and I’ve changed so many diapers with these hands and I’ve snuggled my babies with these hands, so I’m okay with them. [Getting older] doesn’t mean that I won’t strive for perfection, but you get to a point where you’re like, ‘Okay, my health is more important than anything else.’” But a woman can still dream, right? In a recent interview with the New York Times, the mother-of-four joked she would even “eat poop” if it gave her a free ticket to eternal youth. “I was kind of joking, but now that I think about it, I would probably eat s–t if someone told me, ‘If you eat this bowl of poop every single day, you’ll look younger,'” she admitted, although noting she knows where to draw the line when striving for youth. “I’m 41. I always want to look appropriate. There does come a point when you’ve taken it too far — overfilled, too tight, too much cosmetic work. There’s nothing worse.” From there, Kardashian is tight-lipped about what other alterations and augmentations she’s paid the big bucks for. The lack of juicy details — save for the writer’s nod to the body Kardashian “created” and “wasn’t born with” — had critics reeling. “I’ll say this: to have her in front of you and not press her on what she’s had done beyond Botox is irresponsible, and the passing mention that ‘she built her body’ is so frustrating,” tweeted USA Today editor Anika Reed. Others weighed in and also questioned Allure’s credibility. “Quite ironic tag line about ‘natural beauty ,'” wrote one in comments on Instagram, while someone else adds, “Tue science of natural beauty with KK on the cover. Oxymoron of the day” and another bluntly states: “She finally admits Botox but denies everything else lol.” “I was so interested and intrigued to read about the “science of natural beauty”. Then I saw Kim Kardashian and didn’t bother,” weighed in one more critic. “I think these magazines think we’re idiots.” A Twitter user additionally claimed they were done perusing the mag after this latest offering. “This long-term subscriber just CANCELED after reading this story full of LIES and the gross injustice this story is for your young impressionable women,” the disgruntled ex-reader tweeted. One other subscriber also declared they’d canceled their subscription and slammed the publication for having the “audacity to print these LIES that young gullible and impressionable young women are reading.” The negative sentiments stem from an eons-long debate over social media transparency — especially involving the royal family of reality TV. “I get it,” Reed continued in the thread, “There are relationships to be maintained, it’s a profile for a magazine (though arguably THEE beauty magazine), there’s an air of mystery to maintain about how exactly she attains what she attains. but this doesn’t scratch even the surface.” Kardashian, along with her sisters, has been slammed time and time again for perpetuating unrealistic beauty standards with egregious photoshop fails — warped appendages, missing belly buttons and infallible hairlines, oh my! In fact, a study earlier this year examined just how lethal the Kardashian’s iconic “slim-thick” figure is to the average woman’s confidence, concluding that comparison online really is a thief — of self-love. “The slim-thick ideal was most harmful to women’s appearance, weight and overall body satisfaction,” the researchers from Toronto’s York University said. “[It] may still represent an ideal of beauty that women find threatening and personally unattainable.” But when asked if she’s creating unrealistic expectations, Kardashian replied: “If I’m doing it, it’s attainable.” Albeit, probably for a hefty cost. “There are so many different beauty standards — whether it’s Gwen Stefani, Jennifer Lopez, Marilyn Monroe,” she continued. “When I was a teenager, [the look] was just blonde waifs … My mentality was never like, you see them on TV or in magazines and pick who you want to be,” she said. “It was always: Be yourself, find beauty in everything.”