From the wise words of Karl Lagerfeld, “one is never overdressed or or underdressed with a little black dress.” A little black dress — or should we say LBD — is a crucial element of every woman’s wardrobe. Simply think back to Audrey Hepburn in “Breakfast At Tiffany’s” for proof. Whether you’re headed to a local cocktail lounge or attending a black-tie event, a little black dress will do the trick for so many different occasions. Though the same in color, little black dresses can greatly vary in styles. For instance, you can opt for a cut-out style, a midi dress or a wedding-appropriate find. Electing which style to go for all depends on your outing and preference. Whether you are looking for a glam dress or something classic to pair with your jewelry and heels, we have the perfect LBD for you below. This sophisticated find is from none other than H&M. The rhinestone crossover straps add a pinch of flare to this shift dress. A dress that hugs all of your curves in just the right places is a dress you need. Featuring a plunging heart neckline and mesh sleeves, this mermaid midi dress is a stunner. If you want to set yourself a part, add some feathers. Everyone will be flocking to you (pun intended) to ask where you found such an adorable dress. There’s nothing a little lace can’t do. Wear this mini dress alone or layer it over a long sleeve for a take on the 90’s trend. This Windsor long sleeve dress really can do it all. Wear it to your little sister’s Sweet 16 or show up to your favorite artist’s concert. It transcends all occasions. Nothing screams class like a square neckline and an high leg slit. Pair it with a bit of red lipstick, a low bun and you’re set. We can’t get enough of the side ruching, one-shoulder strap and leg slit on this Revolve dress. It’s a match made in heaven. A LBD is already, well, little, but if you want to take it up a notch, opt for this Hello Molly mini dress. It features a halter necktie and plunging front. This sweet v-neck, satin dress from Express is too cute to pass up on. It’s charming, tasteful and sophisticated. If you’re looking for a LBD that’s more casual than most, then this Aerie pick is for you. Look forward to ruffles, a smocked bodice and an effortless pick. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.