They just keep coming. The number of migrant encounters along the southern border dropped 14% in June from May’s record high, according to data released by the Biden administration Friday — but the US has still recorded more stops along the frontier than in any fiscal year in the 20-year history of the Department of Homeland Security with three months still to go. In all, 207,416 migrant encounters were recorded in June, according to US Customs and Border Protection, for a total of 1,746,119 stops along the southern border since Oct. 1 — the most the agency has recorded for any fiscal year since 1960. Previously, the highest number of migrants encountered in a fiscal year was 1,734,686 in FY 2021. Before that, the highest was 1,643,679 in FY 2000. Nationwide, border officials have encountered more than 2 million migrants since Oct. 1, 2021. Fewer than half of those encountered in June — 92,274 — were expelled under the Trump-era Title 42 order, which has allowed rapid removal of migrants before their asylum claims are heard due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The number of unaccompanied children stopped at the border rose by 4% last month to 15,271 — with 752 being held on average per day in CBP custody. The number of family units apprehended slipped 13% to 51,780. Encounters with lone adults made up 68% of June’s total, but dropped 15% from May to 140,197. Only 56% of those adults were processed for expulsion under Title 42. CBP Commissioner Chris Magnus hedged June’s drop in encounters on Friday, saying in a statement that “fluctuations are normal from month to month.” “We are committed to implementing our strategy of reducing irregular migration, dissuading migrants from undertaking the dangerous journey, and increasing enforcement efforts against human smuggling organizations. We continue to rescue and provide medical assistance to those who are in distress,” Magnus said, reiterating his call for immigrants to not travel with human smugglers. “My message to those considering taking this dangerous journey is simple: This is not an easy passage, the human smugglers only care about your money — not your life or the lives of your loved ones, and you will be placed in removal proceedings from the United States if you cross the border without legal authorization and are unable to establish a legal basis to remain.” Migrant encounters along the southern border hit record highs in May as CBP officials reported a staggering 239,416 encounters. As in June, fewer than half of those stopped — 100,699 — were expelled under Title 42 that month. Border crossings were expected to decline in June due to hotter temperatures in the border region, but recent anecdotal evidence indicated that large migrant crossings were ongoing. Stunning video shared on social media last week showed hundreds of migrants illegally crossing the Rio Grande into Eagle Pass, Texas, reportedly led by human-smugglers. The Biden administration has been heavily criticized by Democrats and Republicans over the ongoing crisis — which many say is being worsened by the administration’s own policies. “Customs and Border Protection agents encountered more than 207,000 illegal aliens at our southern border in June. This is highest total for the month of June on record,” Rep. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.) tweeted. “Since the Biden Admin refuses to act, states must use their invasion declaration rights.” “President Biden’s inaction at the border means more American deaths to fentanyl. Does he recognize the correlation and just not care enough to do something about it?” Rep. Mark Green (R-Tenn.) posted. “The past two days, I surveyed the crisis on the border and it is the worst I’ve ever seen,” Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) said Saturday. “This human tragedy is getting worse and worse and yet Biden, Harris, and the Democrats don’t give a damn about it!”