She wanted to spice up her unfaithful boyfriend’s sex life — and did so with peppery chili oil. Self-crowned “spoiled trophy wife” Augustah Hubble is now being hailed the “petty queen” of social media after virally revealing that she injected her ex’s condoms with habanero oil when she discovered he’d been cheating with her close friend. But the vengeful vixen’s wrath didn’t stop at peppering the creep’s “community penis.” She also married his dad. “That time I caught him cheating with my friend so I injected habanero oil in his condoms,” bragged Hubble, 29, from Houston in the captions of her trending testimonial. “He came home like the dog with his tail between his legs,” she continued in the text of the video, which fetched more than 64,200 views. “[I] offered to put ice on it, and used frozen habanero ice cubes I made.” And while some social media scolders have deemed Hubble’s red-hot retribution as a “terrible thing to do,” she feels rightly justified in her piquant payback. “I was in a relationship with the clown for over two years back in 2014 — at the time I was 21 and the scum bag was 30,” she explained to Jam Press, excluding her ex’s name. “In the beginning, he was a dream. I am talking about the perfect gentleman. He would buy me flowers weekly, give me gifts and begged me for months to be his girlfriend and asked me to marry him multiple times,” added Hubble, who owns a nonprofit chocolate company. “He was really nice to me and I fell hard for him real fast.” But the entrepreneur’s nosedive into love hit a wall two years into their romance when she found her slimy sweetheart’s stash of condoms. “I had my suspicions he was cheating when I found condoms in his car. We didn’t use condoms because I was on the pill,” she explained. “I asked him about the condoms and he said he had bought them before we met and he just never got around to throwing them away … He said he would throw them away later on.” But Hubble had a hunch that her honey wasn’t being completely honest. “I didn’t buy the explanation because I’m not dumb,” she insisted. “So that night I went through his phone and in his Facebook messages he was chatting with my very own slimy two-faced snake of a friend.” And the revelation left Hubble “heartbroken.” “She would tell me how great we looked together and all that nonsense so imagine my shock when I found messages between them,” explained the digital diva. “They talked mostly about where and when to meet up to commit their atrocities — and she wasn’t the only one.” The next day, while enjoying a fiery bite to eat, Hubble was hit with a devious stroke of genius. “I love spicy food. So, on that day, as I was eating, I kept wondering how I could catch him right in his tracks,” she said. “I remembered the condoms in his car and that’s when it hit me, like a light bulb.” In the heat of the moment, she decided to sprinkle droplets of habanero — which pack a scorching 100,000 to 350,000 Scoville heat units, according to Pepperscale.com — onto his prophylactics. And things got spicy soon after. “Two days later, this gym rat came home holding his private area telling me he was at the gym and used a shower gel that is currently irritating his penis,” Hubble recalled. “He never showers in the gym so I knew what had happened. I played along and told him to lay down while I go get ice.” But even her offer to quell his burning bits came with a zing. “I like spicy cocktails, margaritas especially, and always make spicy ice to put in my cocktails,” Hubble confessed. “As soon as I opened the freezer and saw the ice, I heard him say, in pain, ‘This is what happens when I try to look good for you babe.’” His comment caused her to see red. “Oh I was mad,” Hubble admitted. “So I took the spicy ice cubes, put them in a face towel and placed it right on his community penis. After a while he started screaming like a helpless dog which he was, howling and jumped off the couch. “He ran to the bathroom and tried to rinse off his weapon of no destruction — which by this time looked like boiled shrimp. It was all pink and curled up. He said the ice was making it worse. I replied, ‘That’s what happens when the ice is workin’.’” After failing to fight back tears of joy, Hubble ultimately came clean about her dirty deed. “I couldn’t stop laughing and I kept saying, ‘Maybe it’s your karma, confess.’ He caught on and asked me what I had done,” she said. “I told him and he confessed to having an affair with that rattlesnake whom I thought was my friend and many others.” However, despite his wanton infidelities, Hubble decided to give her beau and their love a second shot. “In my defense, he was charming and he knew how to move those hips,” she insisted. But his hot hips eventually wiggled their way into another woman’s bed — again. “Months later I caught him cheating again so I broke it off and decided to leave with my sanity,” said Hubble, noting that her chili was over. “No little man child was going to make me end up on criminal minds and I deserved better.” And she found better in his father. “I married his dad,” Hubble announced in her TikTok clip. “His dad and I just celebrated our fifth-year wedding anniversary. I just want to give a huge shout out to my ex, who is now my stepson. Through him, I got to meet the love of my life,” she gushed. “So, shout out to my stepson. Mommy and daddy will be home soon,” Hubble teased in closing. And online audiences are in full support of the new stepmom’s masterful act of retaliation. “Don’t hate the player, hate the game. Queen,” commented an impressed follower. “Ohh wow talking about ‘Leader of Women’s conference,’” wrote another. Despite the celebrated chaos she caused online, Hubble says she’s matured since pulling her pungent stunt. “This all happened eight years ago and I am a completely different person now. I have grown and I am learning on taking that high road everyone talks about,” she told Jam Press. “But then again, I might just create a habanero oil sauce called ‘Spicy Revenge.’”