Sharon Stone is still a stone-cold fox! The 64-year-old “Basic Instinct” icon gave her 3.2 million followers something to talk about — once again — Sunday night when she shared a spicy snapshot on Instagram. The ageless actress posted a topless pic — posed simply in a green bikini bottom with a matching a towel draped over her shoulders. “Gratefully Imperfect on a Perfect Day ,” she happily captioned her saucy post. The photo had the “Casino” Oscar nominee laughing poolside and rocking sunglasses and silver necklaces. Fans loved Stone’s gorgeous photo, which inspired a host of her Hollywood peers to comment on her lewk. “Legend!” raved “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” icon Lisa Rinna, 59. Comedian Whitney Cummings, 39, declared her an “I C O N,” while actress Joely Fisher, 54, simply said: “Haute .” “And like a goddess, she laughs at the mortals,” model and fellow aging positivity activist Paulina Porizkova, 57, chimed in. Other users applauded her for showing off her body at her age, with one fan exclaiming: “Embracing our aging bodies is difficult. Thank you for showing us that we are beautiful no matter our age or what life has done to our bodies. We are still beautiful and amazing..” “I don’t see one single imperfection, Queen! ,” another fan gushed. Stone got candid on social media about her fertility last month, noting she suffered nine miscarriages over the years. The losses were a result of autoimmune disease and endometriosis. She opened up about her story in a show of support for “Dancing With the Stars” pro Peta Murgatroyd, 36, who in June revealed that she underwent three pregnancy losses. Stone — who is the mother of three sons — commented on a post about Murgatroyd. “We, as females don’t have a forum to discuss the profundity of this loss,” the Emmy winner said. “I lost nine children by miscarriage,” Stone went on. “It is no small thing, physically nor emotionally yet we are made to feel it is something to bear alone and secretly with some kind of sense of failure. Instead of receiving the much needed compassion and empathy and healing which we so need.” She concluded, “Female health and wellness left to the care of the male ideology has become lax at best, ignorant in fact, and violently oppressive in effort.”