What is going on in Utah is the Jazz are Donovan Mitchell’s team — for now, at least. That much is obvious after Utah sent All-Star center Rudy Gobert to the Timberwolves in a blockbuster deal on Friday. In return, the Jazz got guards Malik Beasley and Patrick Beverley, forward Leandro Bolmaro, big man Jarred Vanderbilt and 2022 first-round pick Walker Kessler, as well as an astounding four future first-round picks. In just over a day, Utah acquired six first-round picks in all — on Thursday the Jazz shipped forward Royce O’Neale to the Nets for a 2023 first-round pick — to give CEO Danny Ainge and new head coach Will Hardy, who came over from the Celtics, the ability to build around Mitchell, their 25-year-old superstar guard. The 30-year-old Gobert, meanwhile, now will pair with Timberwolves forward Karl-Anthony Towns to form a dynamic and formidable front court in Minnesota. A three-time All-Star and former Rookie of the Year, Towns inked a four-year, $224 million supermax extension at midnight Friday. Gobert is in the second year of his five-year, $205 million deal. In landing the 7-foot Frenchman, Minnesota also got one of the NBA’s best players on both ends of the floor. Over his nine seasons in Utah, Gobert, whom the Jazz drafted 27th overall in 2013, was named the NBA’s Defensive Player of the Year three times along with being a four-time All-NBA selection and six-time first-team All-Defensive selection. During that span, he averaged 12.4 points, 11.7 rebounds and 2.2 blocks. This past season, he averaged 15.6 points and an NBA-best 14.7 rebounds, to go with 2.1 blocks. But the Jazz were bounced in the first round of the playoffs by the Mavericks and there was reportedly tension between Gobert and Mitchell over the last few years. Then head coach Quin Snyder resigned, Hardy was hired and starting forward O’Neale was dealt. The rebuilding appeared to be on. That, however, may not end up being the case. On Friday, John Gambadoro of Arizona Sports 98.7 reported the Jazz have interest in exploring a trade for Suns center Deandre Ayton. But for Utah to do so would require a sign-and-trade because it doesn’t have the salary cap space for the 23-year-old star, who averaged 17.2 points and 10.2 rebounds for Phoenix last season. Ayton wants a max contract extension from the Suns, but the team has been unwilling to give him one. The possibility still exists that the Jazz could continue to tear down their roster in a complete rebuilding process. ESPN insider Brian Windhorst, who asked what is going on in Utah during a “First Take” appearance on Friday noting the O’Neale deal and before the Gobert bombshell, suggested the Suns could be the ones calling the Jazz to try to pry Mitchell away from them. “The Jazz are going to have to see whether this is a partial breakup or a full breakup,” Windhorst said Friday on ESPN. If it is a full breakup, Mitchell could soon be on the move, too.