A Minneapolis mom could be seen on video confronting Black Lives Matter protesters gathered outside the home of a man who was fatally shot by police after a tense six-hour standoff. The mother, Arabella Foss-Yarbrough, called police last Wednesday night after her neighbor Andrew “Tekle” Sundberg allegedly fired shots into her apartment as she was cooking for her two young children. The gunman was eventually shot dead Thursday morning by two Minneapolis police snipers. A pistol with an extended magazine and several bullet casings was recovered from his apartment. “This is not a George Floyd situation. George Floyd was unarmed. This is not OK,” Foss-Yarbrough was seen yelling at a group of protesters on Saturday. “He tried to kill me in front of my kids.” Photos from inside Foss-Yarbrough’s home show multiple bullet holes in her front door, walls and just above her bathroom sink.https://twitter.com/DeevonRahming/status/1548439171693367301?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1548439171693367301%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.foxnews.com%2Fus%2Fneighbor-black-man-minneapolis-shot-police-berates-protesters-this-is-not-ok Regardless of the circumstances of the shooting, BLM activists — including Trahern Crews, a lead organizer for BLM Minnesota — gathered outside the building on Saturday to demand justice for Sundberg. “We’re here to respect life, demand justice, and we’re demanding the release of the bodycam footage,” Crews chanted, according to the star Tribune. But when Foss-Yarbrough pulled her car up to the building, she unleashed on the protesters, who included Sundberg’s parents. “My kids have to deal with this and probably have a mental illness now because they almost lost their lives,” she said. “There’s bullet holes in my kitchen because he sat in the f–king hallway watching me move. He tried to kill me in front of my kids. “I have black children; I am a woman of color!” Foss-Yarbrough, who is of black, white and Native descent, then yelled. “If I would have lost my life, would you guys do this for me?” “Yes, ma’am,” Crews responded. Minneapolis police said that they are working to release footage of the shooting to the public. The department said there were hundreds of hours of footage from more than 50 officers who responded to the scene. Sundberg’s family said he was having a mental health crisis at the time of the shooting. The 20-year-old shooter was adopted from Ethiopia and had many siblings, according to CBS Minnesota. Sundberg’s parents were outside the building when Foss-Yarbrough confronted the protesters. They said they empathized with their neighbor. “I wish I could wrap my arms around her and tell her I’m so sorry,” Cindy Sundberg said. “I’m so sorry she had to experience that, I’m so sorry for her pain. “Tekle was an imperfect human as we are all imperfect humans and he did not deserve to be picked off like an animal from a rooftop,” his mother said.