Madonna has been hard at work penning the script for her upcoming much-anticipated biopic. However, it hasn’t all been smooth sailing: The Queen of Pop, 63, is struggling to get it just write. Madonna is scripting and directing her own musical biography film, with actress Julia Garner reportedly being offered the coveted role of the singer herself. “I have a very long script that is really hard for me to make shorter,” the “Like a Virgin” crooner told Variety recently. “I’ve been whittling away at it, but it’s like hacking off my limbs.” Madge also said the pressure is on, given her level of celebrity. “I’ve had an extraordinary life, I must make an extraordinary film,” she said. “It was also a preemptive strike because a lot of people were trying to make movies about me. Mostly misogynistic men. So I put my foot in the door and said, ‘No one’s going to tell my story, but me!'” She told the Associated Press last year that the movie-making process has been a “pretty crazy experience so far.” “I’m just in the writing process, and just deciding which stories to tell, how much detail to go into, which characters to develop,” she explained. “It’s really been a long and arduous process, but it’s been really therapeutic as well.” The film will follow the “Evita” star’s early life and rise to fame as the world’s foremost pop superstar. “Uncut Gems” star Julia Fox is also allegedly in talks to portray her longtime friend Debi Mazar. Other names such as Florence Pugh, Alexa Demie, Odessa Young, Bebe Rexha and Sky Ferreira were previously considered to play Madonna. Contenders also had to endure a “grueling” audition process with casting director Carmen Cuba, as well as a “Madonna boot camp,” with hardcore choreography training sessions lasting up to 11 hours a day with Madonna’s choreographer and the icon herself. Madonna previously dipped her toes into the directing pool with 2008’s “Filth and Wisdom” and 2011’s “W.E.” “I want to convey the incredible journey that life has taken me on as an artist, a musician, a dancer — a human being, trying to make her way in this world,” the “Hung Up” singer said of her film in a statement in 2020. She continued: “The focus of this film will always be music. Music has kept me going and art has kept me alive. There are so many untold and inspiring stories and who better to tell it than me. It’s essential to share the roller coaster ride of my life with my voice and vision.”