Former President Donald Trump was reluctant to address the nation following the Jan. 6 Capitol riot last year and heavily edited the remarks — omitting lines that would have called on the Department of Justice to prosecute the rioters, the House Select Committee investigating the attack revealed Monday. Rep. Elaine Luria (D-Va.) shared a video on Twitter that featured pre-taped interviews with various aides to the former president, including his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner. The 3-minute-and-39-second video focuses entirely on the scripted speech Trump made to the nation on Jan. 7 — particularly the lines the 45th president wanted to omit. Monday’s video came four days after the committee’s latest primetime hearing in their investigation into the Capitol riot. Last Thursday’s hearing — which focused on Trump’s inaction while the siege was ongoing – featured deleted scenes from the former president’s Jan. 7 remarks. The aired video also showed Trump objecting to certain lines, saying, “I don’t want to say the election is over.” The new video shows that during her deposition, Trump’s daughter and adviser, Ivanka Trump was pressed on a document titled “Remarks on National Healing” that featured several lines crossed out and some alternate words written alongside the text. “Do you recognize what this is?” she was asked. “It looks like a drafted copy of remarks for that day,” the former president’s daughter responded. “And as you can see, throughout the document, there are lines crossed out there are some words added in. Do you recognize the handwriting?” the committee asked. “It looks like my father’s handwriting,” Ivanka Trump said. Among the remarks crossed out was a line directing the DOJ to ensure all “lawbreakers are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.” “We must send a clear message — not with mercy but with JUSTICE. Legal consequences must be swift and firm,” the crossed-out line continued. When pressed on why Trump did not want to include the line, Kushner told the committee, “I don’t know.” Another sentence omitted from the speech read, “I want to be very clear, you do not represent me. You do not represent our movement.” Kushner also told the committee that he did not know why Trump crossed out that specific line. Additionally, Trump also altered a line saying all lawbreakers belonged “in jail.” Instead, he changed the working to “if you broke the law, you will pay.” The language Trump sought to remove had been encouraged by former White House Counsel Pat Cipollone. Monday’s video also featured an interview with John McEntee – former director of the White House personnel office under Trump. During his deposition, McEntee revealed Kushner had asked him to “nudge” Trump “along” with delivering the video message or speech. “He knew since I’m always with him that, hey, if he asked your opinion, you know, try to nudge this along. This will help everything cool down,” he recounted. When asked what Kushner meant by that, McEntee said the former president’s son-in-law sought “to make sure” Trump delivered the speech. “Was the implication that the president was in some ways reluctant to give that speech?” McEntee was asked. “Yeah,” he said, detailing that it was because of “the fact that somebody has to tell me to nudge it along.”