The ex-boyfriend of the 20-year-old woman who was fatally shot while walking her 3-month-old infant in a stroller on the Upper East Side has been charged with her murder, police said. Isaac Argro, 22, who was named a person of interest in the slaying of Azsia Johnson soon after her Wednesday night slaying, was captured Friday and hauled to Manhattan’s 19 Precinct, police said. At the station house, Argro, who shares a child with Johnson, refused to speak to investigators and asked for a lawyer, sources said. He was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon, NYPD Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell said in a tweet. Argro, of Brooklyn, was on law enforcement’s radar from the get-go over allegations that he abused and “stalked” Johnson in the past, sources and relatives have said. Johnson had reported to the cops on New Year’s Day that her ex had assaulted her at his home in Jamaica, Queens, while she was six months pregnant with his child, according to relatives and police sources. The young mom even moved to an East Harlem domestic abuse shelter at one point over safety concerns, her mom Lisa Desort had told The Post, but “somehow [Argro] found out where my daughter lived,” she said. Despite her fears, Johnson told relatives she planned to meet the infant’s dad on Wednesday night because she “felt bad” that he wasn’t in their daughter’s life, sources and relatives said. Johnson was on her way to meet her ex when she was shot in the head at point-blank range near Lexington Avenue and East 95th Street, police and law enforcement sources have said. Desort, in a Friday night interview, celebrated Argro’s arrest, and said “justice is being served.” But, the grief-stricken added, “it won’t bring my girl back. My baby is still in a cold box.” Desort, who demanded the city and cops take domestic violence cases more seriously at a Thursday night candlelight vigil, said she had spoken personally with Mayor Eric Adams about becoming a voice for domestic abuse victims. “I will try and do something for domestic violence. I feel my voice and my experience might be able to help another young woman who is being abused.”    