Rep. Mondaire Jones said he was returning thousands of dollars donated to his campaign by a nightclub owner currently being sued for allegedly imposing racist and sexist entrance policies and allegedly ignoring illegal drug use. “The campaign was not aware of any allegations at the time these donations were made, and although not having conducted a review of the allegations, the donations have been returned out of an abundance of caution,” Bill Neidhardt, a spokesman for the woke Democrat, told The Post. Robert Fluet, a co-owner of The Q, a gay Hell’s Kitchen nightclub, gave at least $5,800 to Jones in 2021, Federal Election Commission records show. Fluet offered up a further $2,900, which was returned likely because it violated federal election donation limits. Jones returned the favor, holding a $350-a-head fundraiser at the club on May 20 to celebrate his 35th birthday. Party invites included Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-New York), Sen. Cory Booker (D-New Jersey) and State Attorney General Letitia James, an invitation for the event shows. Fluet has been an occasional Democratic donor over the years, usually supporting LGBT candidates. He gave a $1,000 to Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney in March and $500 to the campaign of former American Idol star Clay Aiken, who is running for Congress in North Carolina, records show. Jones, a congressman from Westchester, was muscled out of his district by Maloney after statewide redistricting and is now running a carpetbagger campaign for reelection in a new seat covering Lower Manhattan and Park Slope. The crowded field includes former Mayor Bill de Blasio and Councilwoman Carlina Rivera. Maud Maron, who is also challenging Jones for the nomination, called the donations “gross.” “He really could and should be more selective from where he takes his money,” she said. Fluent has vehemently pushed back against allegations of discrimination. “No form of racism, transphobia, colorism, or any other form of discrimination has been or will be tolerated at my of my venues. This is my commitment to you.”