Universal Studios found an unlikely partner in The Weeknd for this year’s Halloween Horror Nights. The pop superstar is collaborating with Halloween Horror Nights to create brand new haunted houses inspired by his 2020 album “After Hours.” Guests will go through a walk-through “living nightmare” attraction traveling through The Weeknd’s mind and the vivid fantasies that inspired the record-breaking album. Select tracks from the singer’s fourth studio album will be reimagined as a horror movie soundtrack for an “outrageously haunting experience,” according to a press release. The haunted houses will be filled with “grotesque characters and themes” inspired by the Canadian singer-songwriter’s music and short films. “I always wanted my own Halloween Horror Nights haunted house as Halloween has always been significant to my music, so this is a total dream come to life,” The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, said. “I feel like my music videos have served as a launching pad for a collaboration like this, and I cannot wait for people to experience this madness,” he continued. Horror night go-ers will be stalked by “slashers, bandaged maniacs, gruesome toad-like creatures and other unfathomable horrors from the mind of the artist.” Guests will have to survive the night while trapped in The Weeknd’s mind, a place “one may never escape.” “We are thrilled to take guests inside of the mind of The Weeknd, who is a Halloween Horror Nights fan himself,” said John Murdy, executive producer of Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood. “This is an unprecedented haunted house that is going to shatter the expectations of our guests and immerse them in an unforgettable experience that is equally unexpected and terrifying,” added Charles Gray, senior show director for entertainment creative development at Universal Orlando Resort. “After Hours” is The Weeknd’s fourth consecutive number one album. His single “Blinding Lights” is ranked as Billboard’s #1 Greatest Hot 100 Hit of All Time. “The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare” will open at Universal Orlando Resort beginning Friday, September 2 and at Universal Studios Hollywood beginning Thursday, September 8. Both events will run on select nights through Monday, October 31. Tickets are on sale now for Halloween Horror Nights at both locations.