The stranglehold the NHL salary cap has on the Rangers may force the organization to look in-house to fill holes in the lineup in coming seasons. It’s a good thing the Rangers had five years to stockpile high draft picks after they announced their rebuilding with the famous 2018 letter, because the club certainly has plenty of options to choose from at certain positions. The sixth defenseman spot may be up for grabs, and two of the Rangers’ own draft picks, Zac Jones and Matthew Robertson, are legitimate contenders if president and general manager Chris Drury can’t afford to bring in another NHL-established blueliner. After unloading veteran defenseman Patrik Nemeth and his $2.5 million cap hit over the next two seasons to the Coyotes, the Rangers may need an internal, low-cost D-man to step in to ensure they can pay restricted free agent Kaapo Kakko and still have some breathing room heading into the season. Jones has already gotten a brief look, but Robertson has yet to make his NHL debut. Robertson, the Rangers’ 49th-overall pick in 2019 NHL Draft, is participating in his third development camp with the club this week. Coming off his first season with the Rangers’ AHL affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack, Robertson agreed that there’s more urgency to impress. “My goal next year is to make the Rangers,” he said. “I think it’s a big offseason for me and it’s going to be a big year next year. I learned a lot last year just being in Hartford and just with my little time spent up just practicing with them and seeing how they are out there and how they conduct themselves and how they practice. Watching playoffs, it’s just a different animal. “Having that experience now and getting all that under my belt, knowing a little bit more what to expect next camp, the urgency definitely goes up.” Even if Robertson and Jones don’t make the opening-night roster, the Rangers are one injury away from having to dip into their defensive depth. Along with Jones and Robertson, the Rangers also currently have Jarred Tinordi under contract for one more season as well as Libor Hajek, who just signed a one-year deal at $800,000. Nils Lundkvist, who is going into the second season of his three-year, entry-level deal, is also an option. After an underwhelming 25-game cameo last season, Lundkvist was sent down to Hartford for the remainder of the regular season. Considering the Rangers have given looks to all the aforementioned defensemen except for Robertson, the 6-foot-4, 201-pounder just may be in line for a shot sooner rather than later. “He had a great year, his first pro year, full year,” Rangers director of player development Jed Ortmeyer said of Robertson. “He made some big strides. He played really well for us in Hartford. He’s a great defenseman, he moves well and he’s big. It wasn’t much of an adjustment for him in pro hockey. We’re excited about seeing how big of a summer he has. He got a taste of NHL playoffs being a black ace. Just a lot of momentum going forward for him.” Last season, Robertson had one goal and 10 assists with 36 penalty minutes in 65 AHL contests. He said he learned a lot while playing against bigger, faster and stronger players than those he faced in five seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Edmonton Oil Kings. In working closely with Hartford assistant coach Steve Smith, Robertson said he focused on improving his positioning, angles and other details to be more efficient in the defensive zone. He also worked on getting his shot through traffic and recognizing when to jump on the rush. Robertson played with several partners on defense in Hartford, including Zach Giuttari, Jones and Lundkvist. But he started the year next to Braden Schneider, who as a rookie quickly secured his spot on the Rangers’ third pair after he was called up in mid-January, which was when Lundkvist was sent down. “I talked with [Schneider] a little bit while I was black acing,” Robertson said, referring to his call up to the Rangers’ reserve during the playoffs. “I’m pretty close with him, so we talked throughout the year and a little bit this summer. Just how the transition was for him and how his game has evolved. “For him, the biggest difference he said was just the flow of the game, keeping the pace of the game going. You can’t really slow it down, got to make the first play you see and play fast.” Watching Schneider transition to the NHL, Robertson said, gave him more motivation to do the same. Watching the NHL playoffs relatively up close also gave Robertson more incentive. He said he got goosebumps just being nearby. Robertson’s first chance to join the NHL fold just may be around the corner. “I think I’m ready,” Robertson said when asked if he can make the jump to the NHL. “There’s obviously things to work on this summer, but come camp, it’ll be a test for me.”