A woke Universal Music Group worker claims he was fired for “speaking up” about abortion rights — after he admitted he refused to work because he was in “mourning” over the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Michael Lopez, a production coordinator at Universal Music Enterprises, blasted the company as “anti-gay” for terminating a “queer brown person” during Pride Month for “speaking up in defense of abortion rights,” according to a lengthy note on LinkedIn that went viral last week. “Last Friday, like countless other folks, I was devastated by the news of the supreme court’s [sic] attack on abortion rights,” Lopez wrote. “Paired with the flood of anti-queer and anti-trans legislation, it’s been hard to process how company’s [sic] expect us to be productive while our rights are being stripped away.” Lopez then went on to explain that each Friday “one of my tasks was to process reports for upcoming releases” and then to email his work to 275 people. But instead of doing the usual process reports, he wrote an email that read: “I didn’t do them today.” “I’m in mourning due to the attack on people with uteruses in the US. Federally guaranteed access to abortion is gone,” the email continued. “Vivendi and Universal Music Group must stop donating to anti-abortion, anti-queer and anti-trans politicians. Politicians like Marsha Blackburn, Ken Buck, Victoria Spartz, etc. Or expect more unproductive days,” he wrote, signing off with “Yours in fury, Michael Lopez.” A spokesperson for Universal Music Group told The Post: “As a matter of policy, we can’t discuss an individual’s personnel record. We can say that what was posted on social media is inaccurate.” “UMG has a long record of support for women’s issues,” the spokesperson said. “As we wrote to our US employees, UMG views reproductive health care as essential.” “In the wake of the recent US Supreme Court ruling overturning Roe v Wade, the company has extended its efforts to assure that these important healthcare services remain accessible to employees.” “We also financially support non-profit groups working in this area and offer a match for employee’s contributions to those groups, as well.” After sending the loaded email, Lopez said he received several supportive replies from co-workers — but was told by a manager to “take the rest of the day off.” When he returned to work the following Monday, he said he was greeted with “a surprise Zoom video chat with HR.” “I was being let go for (paraphrasing) ‘Not doing your job, disrupting the day of 275 people and poor judgement’,” Lopez wrote. Lopez then said he sent a “follow up” to the email list, informing his colleagues. “Just got fired for this email from Friday, so they’re letting you know where they stand on employees speaking out on politicians that support marginalization for folks like me,” he reportedly wrote, according to his lengthy LinkedIn post. He opined: “A brown queer person terminated during Pride month speaking in support of abortion rights. Seems like that’s exactly what America is all about right now.” Lopez’s note on LinkedIn went viral, generating more than 3,200 reactions, some 250 comments and more than 60 shares. While some commenters were supportive, others were less sympathetic. One LinkedIn user called Lopez “entitled, lazy, and obviously ignorant,” writing: “Yeah this is pretty pathetic…You a grown man pretending to have ‘grief’ so unbelievably unbearable over something that will never affect you in any way that you can’t perform a simple task at work.” Another LinkedIn commenter wrote: “If you just sent the report like they asked every Friday… would you have lost your job? Most likely no.” The commenter added: “You didn’t lose your job based on your color or sexual orientation so please stop thinking that. Your actions are childish cause for termination.” Another straight-shooting critic pointed out: “You made a stand based upon principle. But such stands come with consequences — that’s what makes them brave…I respect your decision to withhold your labor as a form of protest, but you left your employer little choice.”