The moves keep coming for the Giants as they open training camp. They signed four players on Tuesday, the most notable being Nick Williams, an experienced defensive lineman, on the day veteran players reported to camp. Added to the roster were Williams, safety Andrew Adams, wide receiver Marcus Kemp and offensive tackle Kamaal Seymour. Gone from the roster as corresponding moves: Defensive backs Henry Black and Maurice Canady, defensive tackle Jabari Ellis and wide receiver Travis Toivonen. Williams is a well-traveled 32-year-old, originally a 2013 seventh round draft pick of the Steelers. He has also been with the Chiefs, Dolphins, Bears and Lions. Williams signed a two-year, $5 million contract with the Lions prior to the 2020 season and went on to make 30 starts the past two seasons — after starting only five games in his first six years in the NFL. He has 7.5 career sacks — six of them in 2019 with the Bears. The Giants appear set with their three-man starting defensive line of newcomer Jihad Ward and returnees Dexter Lawrence and Leonard Williams for new defensive coordinator Wink Martindale. Williams should immediately be considered a strong candidate for a roster spot. Williams participated in a tryout held by the Giants on Monday. Out of that tryout, the Giants also decided to sign Adams, who began his NFL career with the Giants in 2016 as an undrafted rookie out of UConn. Adams started his NFL career with the Giants in 2016 after going undrafted out of UConn.  He won a Super Bowl with the Buccaneers after the 2020 season and is a strong special teams player. Kemp likely comes recommended by Mike Kafka, the Giants’ new offensive coordinator, based on their time together in Kansas City. The 6-foot-4, 210-pound Kemp has played in 44 NFL games — all but one of them with the Chiefs — and has four receptions in his career. Seymour, undrafted out of Rutgers, was on the Raiders practice squad in 2020 and spent last season on injured reserve after tearing his Achilles tendon.