City Hall tried to downplay a chaotic start to New York City’s ambitious summer school program, reported this week by The Post, as Mayor Eric Adams and top officials kicked off an expanded Summer Rising on Friday. “I feel great about the work that’s been done and how efficient it is running,” said Schools Chancellor David Banks at P.S. 188/The Island School in Alphabet City.  “I was at a school yesterday not far from here, and the program is just running so well and so smoothly. “You know, we’re gonna have snags along the way. We have 110,000 students that are part of this very large program all over New York,” Banks added — a record number of participants. Earlier this week, administrators were left in the dark about key components of Summer Rising until less than 48 hours before the program opened for the season related to dismissal, digital curriculum and supports for kids with disabilities, The Post reported. On Tuesday morning, reports circulated of families being turned away from their assigned sites, who missed work or needed last-minute child care, and of parents still scrambling for seats at the in-demand, academic and enrichment program. Keith Howard, the new commissioner of the Department of Youth and Community Development, said one of the program’s 139 providers told him this week that “students reported the best summer kickoff ever.” To roll out the program, Adams said that students used to regress over the summer on academics and socializing, and lost access to nutritious school meals and free child care. “I was happy the former mayor made the first round of the Summer Rising program,” Hizzoner said of former mayor and current congressional candidate Bill de Blasio. “We are now taking that and extending it, and we’re going to continue to do get it better.” The two most recent city bosses got into a snafu last week over the latter’s signature universal pre-K program, which the mayor referred to as a ‘pet project.’ Adams also continued to peg youth summer programs as a way to curb violence during the Big Apple’s hottest months. “The noise of violence has really taken the oxygen out of the room,” the mayor said. “We’re going to deal with the violence issue — but while we’re doing that, we’re going to build a real foundation to raise healthy children.” Summer Rising prioritizes kids most at need for enrollment, including students in temporary housing or foster care, or with disabilities, officials said. “We are being intentional with our resources to go after the children who are often ignored and denied,” said Adams. “That is what our mission is — because the child that’s ignored today is a child that is going to be harmful to himself or others in the future.”