Kevin Spacey is losing another paycheck. The Oscar winner, 62, will no longer star in “1242: Gateway to the West,” a film about Mongolian warrior Genghis Khan, according to a Variety report. The news follows Spacey pleading not guilty to sexual assault and other charges Thursday. Producer Bill Chamberlain told the publication that the project will be replacing him due to the charges. The historical drama was shopped around at Cannes with Spacey attached to act. According to Variety, the story would follow a holy man — played by Spacey — who attempts to halt an invasion of Europe by Khan’s armies. Negotiations with a new actor to take the “House of Cards” alum’s place have already started, according to Variety. The Péter Soós-directed picture has a production budget of $10 million to $25 million, and is scheduled to start filming Oct. 17. Eric Roberts and Christopher Lambert are also starring in the flick. Spacey pleaded not guilty in London’s criminal court on five counts related to assault allegations Thursday. The accusations are connected to charges based on reports from three men between 2005 and 2013. Starting June 6, 2023, Spacey faces a trial in the United Kingdom and the case is expected to last at least three weeks. The New Jersey native also has another project in the books, the thriller “Peter Five Eight.” Producers of that movie released a statement regarding the scandal-prone star in May shortly after the charges were officially filed in the UK. “While it’s unfortunate that increased negative press is timed with Kevin returning to work, it’s also to be expected,” the producers said at the time. “There are those who wish for him not to act, but they are outnumbered by fans worldwide who await an artist they have enjoyed for decades returning to the screen,” the memo continued. “The production has no knowledge or comment on the various swirling allegations, and believe it’s a matter for the courts to determine validity if it exists. ‘Peter Five Eight’ is a film for fans who care more for the art than the scandal,” the statement noted.  