A Rikers Island detainee died from a suspected fentanyl overdose late Sunday, while another two were rushed to a hospital overnight, The Post has learned. The suspected overdose marked the 10th death of a person in city Department of Correction custody this year. The man was a Kentucky native in his early 30s being held on charges from a June 8 arrest for alleged felony assault, according to jailhouse sources and records. The inmate — whose identity The Post is withholding until his family is notified of his death — had been due in court on Monday, records show. Correction staff found him unresponsive in his cell at about 9:45 p.m. Sunday, and he was pronounced at 10:30 by the on-site doctor, according to records. The fatality was officially reported at 11:30 p.m, a document obtained by The Post shows. Meanwhile, two other men being held at the beleaguered city jail complex suffered medical emergencies overnight, and investigators are seeking to determine if fentanyl played a role in them, jailhouse sources told The Post Monday. All three medical emergencies took place in the George R. Vierno Center, one of the most notorious of the 10 detention facilities on the East River island. At least four detainees this year have died from apparent opioid overdoses, and a third committed suicide. The Sunday night death came after officials revealed last month that a suspect who hanged himself in a Bronx court holding area died from his injuries eight days later. Staffing issues contributed to three deaths earlier this year, a Board of Correction investigation concluded. In June, Board of Correction officials disclosed that most new admissionS to the DOC jails are not being checked for drugs or other contraband, which has allowed for SUCH illegal items to be distributed — a similar circumstance to the one in Rikers’ previous admissions facility that was closed only 10 months ago for the same reasons. Fentanyl, a highly potent and deadly opioid, has been “circulating” through the jail, sources previously said — a problem that’s been difficult to solve due to the agency’s longstanding staffing crunch caused by chronic jail guard absences. Absenteeism persisted and the rate of violence in the Big Apple’s jails was “seven to eight times higher” than observed in other correctional systems,  a report filed in federal court in March revealed. The in-custody Big Apple jail deaths this year follow a dire 2021, when 16 people died in DOC custody — more than in 2019 and 2020 combined and the most fatalities since 2016. In 2022, detainee deaths in city jails are on pace to surpass last year’s New York City lockup death toll. Under Mayor Eric Adams, who took office Jan. 1, and DOC Commissioner Louis Molina, city lockups remain in a “state of crisis” in which absences remain high and correction staff routinely uses “unnecessary force,” federal authorities declared in April as they threatened a takeover of the system. Adams that month expressed opposition to the installation of a federal monitor who would have been afforded sweeping powers to an independent authority with the aim of getting the dangerous and disorderly facilities under control. The mayor in May created a task force with the goal of addressing the prevailing staffing issues and dangerous situation at the jails. But still, the conditions in the city jail systems were “severe and potentially life-threatening,” despite the Adams administration’s effort to improve the facilities, according to a report released that month. The 30-page blueprint for reform was requested by Chief Judge Laura Taylor Swain in April, when she told Molina that she expected “real progress.” Days after two detainees died within a 48-hour period, Adams told reporters on June 22, “I am truly pleased with what I’m seeing,” in an unequivocal defense of the agency. Due to ex-Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration’s roughly $9 billion plan, Rikers is slated to close by 2027. Under Adams, the facilities are in the process of being replaced by four city jails located in every borough except Staten Island.