The White House was accused of “redefining” the word “recession” on Wednesday after 2008 comments from the current-White House economic adviser resurfaced — appearing to counter his remarks on the matter just this week. On Tuesday, Brian Deese insisted that “two negative quarters of GDP growth is not the technical definition of recession.” “It’s not the definition that economists have traditionally relied on,” President Biden’s economic adviser said, making a guest appearance at a White House briefing. But on Wednesday, resurfaced 2008 comments from Deese revealed that he used to believe that was the “technical definition” or recession. “Economists have a technical definition of recession, which is two consecutive quarters of negative growth,” Deese said at the time, according to RNC Research. During Wednesday’s press briefing, Fox News’ Peter Doocy pressed White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre on the shift in language asking, “Why is it that White House officials are trying to redefine recession?” “No, we’re not redefining recession,” Jean-Pierre insisted. “We all understand the recession to be two consecutive quarters of negative GDP growth in a row and then you have White House officials come up here to say, that’s not what a recession is, it’s something else,” Doocy said. “How is that not redefining recession?” “Because that’s not the definition,” the press secretary responded. “That is not the definition.” As Doocy pointed to Deese’s 2008 comments, asking “what changed,” Jean-Pierre repeatedly spoke over the Fox News reporter, saying Deese’s definition at the time “is not” the current definition. “I can speak to what he said yesterday in front of all of you, which is the last thing that you just repeated,” she insisted. “There are many factors, there are many factors, economic factors and indicators to consider. And I will say that the textbook definition of recession is not is not two negative quarters of GDP.” Jean-Pierre then went on to point to a “strong labor market,” citing low unemployment, saying “you do not see that in a pre-recession and you do not see that in a recession.” “Since you gave me some quotes. I’ll give you some as well,” she continued, reading from prepared briefing sheets before cutting off the debate by saying, “I’m going to move on.” The White House’s seemingly shaky defense comes as many Americans fear a recession is on the horizon as inflation and the prices of goods have soared for months. Earlier Wednesday, the Federal Reserve approved another steep 0.75% hike in its interest rate as the administration seeks to tackle the record inflation. Fed Chair Jerome Powell insisted the US is not “currently in a recession” following the announcement, pointing to “too many areas of the economy that are performing too well.”