The man who was caught on viral video jumping from elevated Brooklyn subway tracks while fleeing cops said Monday that he made the dangerous leap because he was terrified of going back to Rikers Island. “When I made that jump it was like ‘damn either go back to Rikers Island or risk your life taking that jump’ and that jump could’ve been death if I missed,” Kendall Floyd, 25, told The Post by phone from the notorious jail complex, where he’s been since his arrest on July 6. “I was willing to risk my life than to come back here and now that I’m here, it’s worse than it’s ever been.” The remarks come after a $25 million wrongful death notice of claim was filed Friday against the Department of Correction, which has seen a nearly 60% increase in deaths in-custody so far this year compared to 2021. The claim, filed by the family of Elijah Muhammad after he died from a suspected drug overdose last Sunday, alleges the department’s dangerous environment led to the detainee’s death and correction officers supplied the drugs that killed him. In the hours before Muhammad died, correction officers assigned to his housing unit saw that he “appeared to be disoriented and barely able to walk and that he needed medical attention,” the claim alleges. Instead, Muhammad “was left to die in his cell” and had been dead for so long before correction officers found him, rigor mortis had already started to set in, the claim states. “You could die on Rikers Island easily at any point,” said Floyd, who is currently locked up at the jail’s squalid intake unit at the Eric M. Taylor Center. When he was on Rikers Island between July and November last year for assault charges, Floyd pointed out four detainees died in less than six weeks. “It’s bad, it’s real bad. There’s barely any staff so if I were to get into a situation, no one would come and help me,” said Floyd. “My worst fear was to end up back on Rikers Island.” Floyd, who’s been addicted to painkillers since his mom died two years ago, was in a cab with some friends when they were pulled over in Williamsburg near Humboldt and Debevoise streets around 4 p.m. on July 6. At the time, Floyd had just taken three percocet pills and when he accidentally told one of the officers he was born in 2018, he took off running, knowing they’d run his name and see he had open warrants out for his arrest. “Once I said that my body went into shock mode because I knew I f–ked up and I was like what the f–k so after that I just ran out the car, just started running, running, running,” Floyd recalled. “I see the train, I start climbing up the train. While I’m climbing the train, the officer is yelling ‘Stop climbing before I shoot you down,” Floyd alleged, adding the officer either had a taser or a gun pointed at him. As Floyd kept running along the above ground subway tracks, he saw the crowd of officers converging on him below and figured his only chance to get away was to jump to the building across the street. “The only thing I’m thinking about is Rikers Island, the conditions of it. I did all of that to avoid coming back here,” Floyd explained. At the time, Floyd had a warrant out for his arrest for skipping out on a court-ordered drug rehab program after he suffered a relapse when he briefly broke up with his high school sweetheart and the mother of his seven-month-old son, Kingsley. He was hit with a slew of charges from the incident, including assault on an officer because he accidentally clipped one of the cops in the arm with the door of the cab as he burst out and ran, his attorney claimed previously. During his arraignment, a Brooklyn judge set a $90,000 bail or $180,000 bond in the case, citing Floyd’s past failures to appear in court, the severity of the charges and his other open assault and burglary cases. But Floyd insists he’s an addict who needs the stability of an in-patient drug rehab program to get clean and get his life together. While on Rikers Island, which saw at least four suspected overdoses last week, two of them fatal, Floyd said that isn’t possible because the jail is “full” of drugs and he has easy access to narcotics. “I want to go into a six month drug program because at the end of the day, I’m addicted to drugs,” said Floyd. “I want to get the six months over with for my son because at this point, it’s bigger than me.” Additional reporting by Tina Moore and Priscilla DeGregory