The Rangers signed their lone remaining restricted free agent, Kaapo Kakko, to a two-year, $4.2 million contract, the team announced on Thursday. The deal carries an average annual value of $2.1 million, according to The Post’s Larry Brooks. Kakko will be a restricted free agent with arbitration rights when his new contract – which is all base salary and no signing bonuses, per CapFriendly – expires in 2024. All of the Rangers’ restricted free agents are now under contract and the club has a little over $1 million in cap space remaining based on a 22-man shadow roster. President and general manager Chris Drury presumably wouldn’t want to go into the 2022-23 season with any less cap space, so it’s likely that the Rangers will be quiet for the rest of the offseason. While there was little to no concern about Kakko receiving an offer sheet, the Rangers needed to get this deal done since they wouldn’t have been able to match one. After signing Kakko, the Rangers aren’t really in a position to retain Tyler Motte, whose price tag is just a bit out of the club’s range at the moment. Kakko, the Rangers’ second-overall pick in the 2019 NHL Draft, is heading into his fourth season with the organization. There’s a clearer path to a spot in the top-six than any of his other years in New York, but Kakko hasn’t been able to dazzle in his few opportunities in such a role. Last season, Kakko was limited to seven goals and 11 assists in 43 regular-season games after dealing with a lingering hand/wrist injury that sidelined him for 31 contests. He competed in all but one of the Rangers’ 20 playoff games throughout their run to the Eastern Conference Final, where he was unexpectedly scratched in the team’s final elimination game against the Lightning. Kakko finished with two goals and three assists in 19 postseason games, over which he said he played some of his best hockey on the Kid Line next to fellow youngsters Alexis Lafreniere and Filip Chytil. The 21-year-old Finn found his game along the walls and behind the net, which created space for his more high-skilled linemates and resulted in an effective unit for the Rangers. Since the Rangers lost all three of their forward trade-deadline acquisitions to free agency this offseason, there are holes to fill in the top six. Kakko will be competing with the likes of Lafreniere, Vitali Kravtsov, Sammy Blais and Dryden Hunt for a job on the wing of one of the top two lines. Kakko, who has 157 NHL games under his belt, said getting scratched in Game 6 of the conference final at the end of last season would motivate him through the offseason and into training camp. With the contract business out of the way, Kakko will be able to focus on hockey and proving himself to head coach Gerard Gallant. Depending on how training camp unfolds, Kakko could get another look on the right wing of the second line next to Artemi Panarin and presumably Vincent Trocheck, who is expected to replace Ryan Strome as the Rangers’ No. 2 center. Kakko saw some time in that spot last season, but No. 24 primarily skated on the third unit.