Steve Bannon on Friday night didn’t seem fazed by his conviction on two counts of contempt of Congress — declaring in an interview, “If I go to jail, so be it.” The former White House strategist offered up the nonchalant remarks in an appearance on Fox News’ Tucker Carlson just hours after he was found guilty on the contempt charges. “If I go to jail, I go to jail,” the 68-year-old said. “’I will never back off,” he continued. “I support Trump and the Constitution and I’m not backing off one inch. If I go to jail, so be it.” Bannon faces a minimum sentence of 60 days in prison and a maximum of two years behind bars for refusing to comply with a subpoena from the House select committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol Hill riot, as well as a fine of up to $2,000. His sentencing was set for Oct. 21. He plans to appeal the decision. Outside of the courthouse Friday, Bannon attorney David Schoen was confident that the appeal process would succeed, telling reporters it was “bulletproof.” “We’ve got a long appeals process. I think the law is with us on a number of situations,” Bannon told Carlson. “I think some of this is really going to be adjudicated, maybe even higher than the appellate courts.” “I’m going to fight this all the way,” he added. Bannon’s legal team declined to present a defense. His attorneys argued that the former advisor to Donald Trump did not defy a subpoena from the House select committee, claiming that the deadline for him to sit for a deposition and hand over documents was flexible as long as lawyers for both sides were negotiating. Bannon’s lawyers insisted he did not have to submit documents or give testimony to the select committee because he was protected by the former President Donald Trump’s claim of executive privilege – despite having been fired from his position at the White House in August 2017. To date, only one other former Trump aide — trade adviser Peter Navarro — has been indicted for ignoring a Jan. 6 committee subpoena. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for Navarro revealed he turned down a plea offer that would have required him to plead guilty.