The California man charged with the attempted assassination of Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh googled the “most effective place to stab someone” before showing up at the conservative judge’s home with a stockpile of weapons, according to newly released details. The revelation was included in an FBI search warrant obtained by Fox News that shed light on other disturbing internet searches by Nicholas John Roske, 26, and alarming conversations he had with online strangers ahead of his alleged ill-fated plot to kill Kavanaugh. “Roske said that he used his Reddit account to ask individuals, who were unknown to him, questions in order to refine his plan to kill the Justice,” authorities said in the warrant application, according to Fox. He searched the web for things like “how to be stealthy,” “assassin skills” and “most effective place to stab someone” in the weeks before his alleged June 8 assassination attempt. He also told another person he planned to “remove some people from the Supreme Court” in order to “stop roe v wade from being overturned” in an ominous forum conversation revealed by the search warrant. Roske is accused of traveling across the country from his Simi Valley home to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where Kavanaugh lives in order to kill the justice over the impending repeal of Roe v. Wade. He was found with a gun, knife, ammunition, zip ties and burglary tools down the street from Kavanaugh’s home, where he was arrested after calling 911 to say he was having suicidal thoughts. The warrant revealed that Roske, who used the email address HelenKiller1969@gmail.com, was not going to stop at Kavanaugh and planned to target at least two other unnamed Supreme Court justices. In his conversation with the other person, he said he was “shooting for 3” justices. The person who Roske told he planned to “remove some” justices had said, “two dead judges ain’t gonna do nothing.  The whole government is f***** There’s no fixing that You would die before you killed them all.” “yeah but I could get at least one, which would change the votes for decades to come, and I am shooting for 3,” Roske replied. “all of the major decisions for the past 10 years have been along party lines so if there are more liberal than conservative judges, they will have the power.” Roske was charged with attempted murder and pleaded not guilty to the charge in June.