Jen Glantz is a self-proclaimed bridesmaid for hire and while she loves her career, she admits that there are some negative aspects to it. Glantz — who calls herself the “world’s first” of her profession — recently shared a TikTok describing the “toughest” part of her job. In a short clip, the “Always a Bridesmaid (for Hire): Stories on Growing Up, Looking for Love, and Walking Down the Aisle for Complete Strangers” author dramatically and sadly hugs a stack of wedding invites. “75% of the time, when people hire me to be their bridesmaid, it’s a complete secret and we don’t talk ever again after the wedding ends,” she scrawled on her video. “And that part never gets easier,” Glantz, 34, pointed out. Viewers had many questions in the comments, with one asking: “Please don’t take this the wrong way, but doesn’t posting online about this ruin the ‘secret’ aspect of the job?” “So complete stranger shows up and nobody has questions?” another inquired, while one person wondered, “What story do you use to say they know you? my family would be asking who you are?” Some fans were very interested in and gushed over her peculiar career choice. “I always wondered how people have so many bridesmaids,” a user noted. “Wait a minute. You can hire a bridesmaid! And here I thought about never having a wedding bc I had no one to be bridesmaids,” one wrote. Glantz has made a living posing as a bridesmaid for random brides since 2014 when she was asked to be part of a wedding. Afterward, the Florida native was implored to be a bridesmaid for six more events. Glantz, then a copywriter, put an ad on Craigslist offering her expertise in helping brides earn support with walking down the aisle. The next morning, she was shocked to find 250 emails from potential clients blasting her email. “I say that I do four things — I’m the on-call therapist, personal assistant, social director and peace keeper,” Glantz told the Post in 2017 about her job. “A usual bridesmaid, she may not have the time to spend four hours on the phone for you or have the time to plan your bachelorette party. “[Being a professional bridesmaid] has taught me that it’s important to settle down with someone who doesn’t necessarily make you laugh or give you butterflies — it’s someone who understands you and sticks with you when things get tough,” she added.  