LOS ANGELES — The Cubs made no long-term contract offer to All-Star catcher Willson Contreras, who’s a free agent. So he surely will be on the move, whether he wants to go or not. “I’ve been here for 14 years,” Contreras said. “I’d love to stay of course.” Rockies All-Star 1B/DH C.J. Cron is a candidate to be traded (to the Mets or elsewhere). But he said, “I love playing in Colorado.” Asked about how the Mets “messed up” by cutting him loose, Travis d’Arnaud said, “They didn’t mess up. I was 1-for-23.” Phillies All-Star OF Bryce Harper is seeing his surgeon next week with hopes the pins in his wrist came come out. Stephen Strasburg doesn’t need to repeat the TOC surgery but has a nerve issue that’s expected to keep him out for the year. Giants All-Star pitcher Carlos Rodon had a similar salary offer from the Dodgers ($22 million) on one year but when the Giants offered, the two-year deal with the opt out, he jumped at it. “It was an easy decision,” said Rodon, who appears in line to opt out and add years. Giants All-Star outfielder Joc Pederson said it feels like coming home being here. He wasn’t wearing the pearls, but declared, “Their time will come.” Andrew Benintendi declined to say whether he’d consider getting a vaccination depending on where he may be dealt (an AL East team would almost have to require it). “I’m not going to say anything more than I’ve said, which is that it was a personal decision for me,” he said. The Jays have been in on Benintendi, but he’d obviously have to get vaccinated if he went there (of course he could decline if he didn’t want to go). The Yankees seem unlikely to pursue Benintendi now, being that they could face Toronto in playoffs, while the Mets haven’t pulled out of Benintendi talks since they have no trips to Toronto. In the meantime, Benintendi said his plan was to “go with the flow” and not worry too much about potential trades. The Red Sox goofed by not picking up Martin Perez’s $6 million option. But it worked for him back in Texas. “I’d like to stay,” said the Rangers’ All-Star, yet another free agent to be. “When you go back home, you always want to stay.” The Rangers haven’t offered an extension yet, but they probably should.