Winter isn’t the only thing that’s coming. A brazen couple has been busted having public sex at a filming location from the TV series “Game of Thrones.” The shocking incident occurred last week in the Old Town area of Dubrovnik, Croatia — which served as the set for the fictional city of King’s Landing in the hit HBO show. A passerby whipped out their cellphone to record the romping pair, with the X-rated footage looking like a scene from the notoriously naughty fantasy series. In the video, the kinky couple is seen standing against a stone wall in the historic square, with the woman bent over as her partner penetrates her from behind. Perhaps excited to be re-creating a “Game of Thrones” sex scene, the potential superfan is seen thrusting with extreme vigor. However, the ending of the couple’s romp was an anti-climactic disappointment — much like the series’ critically panned final season — as they were forced to stop fornicating when approached by a disgruntled stranger. The clip shows the woman sheepishly slipping her dress back down, while her partner quickly zips up his fly. The twosome walk away looking chastened. The very public display of affection took place just meters from where the show’s famous “shame scene” was filmed — and it’s lucky the perverted pair weren’t paraded down the street and heckled by outraged residents as was endured by incestuous character Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey). According to CEN, locals have been upset at the recent uptick in public sex and public urination. The Old Town area has also been inundated with tourists since the wildly popular “Game of Thrones” put it on the map. According to the Telegraph, 18.4 million overseas tourists descended on Dubrovnik in 2018, an increase of more than 100% in the eight years since “Game of Thrones” began. As The Post previously reported, Dubrovnik became a pivotal location in the series, after executive producer David Benioff visited the area and was shocked by how closely the Croatian city matched the description of King’s Landing in the George R.R. Martin books upon which the show is based. The medieval port city subsequently served as the backdrop for many of the show’s most memorable scenes over the course of eight seasons. Meanwhile, the kinky couple in Dubrovnik is not the only amorous lovers to be busted engaging in public sex of late. Last week, two shameless shaggers were caught completely naked having sex on the rooftop of a public parking garage in England as the country sweltered through its hottest day in recorded history. Meanwhile, an appalled Hong Kong hotel guest captured two couples engaging in naughty sex acts in the facility’s Jacuzzis, recording the footage and sharing it on social media, where it quickly went viral.