Paige Spiranac is reflecting on what’s been a life-changing year for her career. On Monday, the 29-year-old influencer fielded questions from fans during an Instagram “ask me anything,” where she elaborated on the evolution of her career, which recently included a “sexiest woman alive” nod from Maxim magazine. “I’ve been pretty lucky with my career that it’s been a pretty steady incline, despite everyone thinking that I was never going to be successful, but this year has been a huge change for me, and I think it’s because I’ve had this mainstream attention with Maxim, outside of just sports and golf, so it’s been incredible,” Spiranac said in an Instagram Story. Spiranac, also known as the “OG Insta golf girl,” covered Maxim’s Hot 100 issue earlier this summer. Upon sharing the news with her 3.5 million followers, Spiranac joked that she broke the social media platform. “I think I broke IG lol I went to check my post and it was gone so let’s try this again!” she wrote in June. “I am so honored by being named the sexiest woman alive by @maximmag this year! When I got the I kept asking them, ‘are you sure?’ because I was truly in disbelief.” Spiranac, who recently celebrated the issue with a bash in Miami, also thanked fans Monday for their support. “I just want to take the time to thank you guys for all the love and support you give me daily,” she expressed in a separate Instagram Story. When asked by a fan what she’s most proud of, Spiranac said it’s her resiliency. “I’m proud of how resilient I am, especially in my career,” she said.  “I’ve always walked to the beat of my own drum, and when everyone was telling me no, and to be different. to look different, I’ve stood my own ground. I’ve talked about things that I believe in, and I think that’s why I’ve been so successful cause I’ve just been authentic to who I am.” Spiranac has long been an open book. Whether she’s opening up about her most vulnerable moments or sharing career highlights, the “Playing A Round” podcast host is always her most authentic self.