A 37-year-old woman opened fire at a Dallas airport Monday before she was shot by authorities and taken into custody, police said.The woman, who was not identified, went into a bathroom at Dallas Love Field airport and changed into the sweatshirt before exiting and opening fire at the ceiling just after 11 a.m. local time, Police Chief Eddie Garcia said at a press conference. The 37-year-old woman, who was not identified, went into a bathroom at Dallas Love Field airport and changed into the sweatshirt before exiting and opening fire at the ceiling just after 11 a.m. local time, Police Chief Eddie Garcia said at a press conference. The woman then was shot in the lower extremities by a responding officer, Garcia said. She was taken to a hospital for treatment. No other injuries were reported. “This is not an active situation,” said Garcia, who refused to take questions at the scene at the airport’s Southwest Airlines terminal. “We want to make sure our community knows that there are no other passengers, family members or people in the airport that are victims.” The gunfire sent travelers running for safety at the busy airport. Judy Rawle told KDFW she was with her grandson at Southwest’s ticketing area when they heard someone yelling. “And we looked up and we saw her walking down with guns up,” Rawle said. “And after talking with someone else, she was upset because her husband had got fired from somewhere and she was gonna start shooting us.” The woman, reportedly clad in all black, fired between eight to 12 shots, Rawle said. One traveler tweeted that the female shooter started yelling in a baggage check-in area.“Shots were fired in the air,” Jonathan Adams recalled. “People began to take cover and run.”Dallas police responded “within minutes,” Adams said. Transportation Security Administration said staffers were working to get passengers through airport checkpoints after evacuating them outside amid a heatwave.“TSA recommends travelers check with airlines prior to departing for airport as travel schedules will be impacted,” TSA spokeswoman Patricia Mancha told The Post.