Ricky Martin is declaring “justice” in his case against his nephew, who withdrew his previous bombshell claims of harassment and being involved in a sexual relationship with the singer. The Latin pop icon’s 21-year-old nephew claimed the pair were in an illegal “incest” relationship and that Martin harassed him when it ended. Martin, 50, appeared on Zoom before Judge Riza Cajigas Campbell in Puerto Rico to face the shocking allegations on Thursday. The entire process reportedly took less than an hour and is sealed from the public, Jean Carlo Perez, spokesman for the press office of the judicial branch in Puerto Rico, told The Post. In a joint statement to The Post, Martin’s attorneys said: “Just as we had anticipated, the temporary protection order was not extended by the Court. “The accuser confirmed to the court that his decision to dismiss the matter was his alone, without any outside influence or pressure, and the accuser confirmed he was satisfied with his legal representation in the matter,” they added. “The request came from the accuser asking to dismiss the case. This was never anything more than a troubled individual making false allegations with absolutely nothing to substantiate them. We are glad that our client saw justice done and can now move forward with his life and his career.” The judge reportedly also dismissed the temporary restraining order that was issued a week ago, according to TMZ. Puerto Rician newspaper El Vocero reported last week the order stated the alleged victim claimed that Martin didn’t take their breakup well and has loitered near the petitioner’s home at least three times. The original report said “the petitioner fears for his safety.” Thursday’s development comes a week after Martin denied the innitial accusations that he and his 21-year-old nephew had a “romantic or sexual relationship” for seven months. “Unfortunately, the person who made this claim is struggling with deep mental health challenges,” Martin’s attorney Marty Singer previously told The Post at the time. “Ricky Martin has, of course, never been — and would never be — involved in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship with his nephew.” Singer added, “The idea is not only untrue, it is disgusting. We all hope that this man gets the help he so urgently needs.”