Bethenny Frankel’s former downtown digs are back on the market for $5 million. The original “Real Housewives of New York City” star-slash-entrepreneur bought the unit, at 22 Mercer St., for $4.2 million in 2014 in the midst of her divorce drama and custody battle with Jason Hoppy over their daughter, Bryn. Frankel — who recently posted about her Italian vacation with Bryn — then renovated the home and first listed it in 2017 for $5.2 million. She ultimately sold it at a loss for $3.65 million in 2019, following a price drop and broker swap. While Frankel got her start in reality TV — first on “The Apprentice: Martha Stewart” show before her “RHONY” years — she also moved into business and charity. She launched BStrong, a disaster relief initiative in response to Hurricane Maria, which devastated Puerto Rico. This year, she raised $25 million after Russia invaded Ukraine to help the county’s refugees and those still there. Her former 2,392-square foot, second-floor loft is set in a landmarked cast-iron, brick-and-marble loft building in Soho. It comes with two bedrooms, 2½ bathrooms, a woodburning fireplace and a small balcony — the only one of its kind in the building, the listing notes. The home opens to an entry gallery that can be used to display art while also functioning as a home office area with storage and customized built-ins. There’s also a 25-foot-wide great room with 14-foot ceiling heights and three triple-paned arched windows framed in mahogany. It’s adjacent to an open chef’s kitchen with an extra large pantry. The main bedroom comes with a custom walk-in closet and a marble bathroom with a soaking tub and glass steam shower. The second bedroom also has an ensuite bathroom. Both bedrooms have floor-to-ceiling glass windows and views of a landscaped green wall. The home also features refinished hardwood floors, soundproof windows and a Sonos sound system with built-in speakers. The 16-unit boutique condo also has a common roof terrace. The listing broker is Amy Mendizabal, of Compass.