A survivor of the Highland Park mass shooting has shared graphic, bloody images of her injuries — as she chillingly detailed the “rifle spraying bullets in my direction.” “I cant f–king believe i was in the middle of a mass shooting,” the woman, only using the name Lilli, tweeted alongside a photo showing her face and body covered in blood after a bullet grazed her right cheek. “I saw a man and two woman get murdered as i tried to run for my life away from the rifle spraying bullets in my direction,” she wrote of the horrors of the Fourth of July mass shooting that killed six people. “Wondering if my 5 year old cousin and grandmother along with the rest of my family were going to be able to get out alive,” she wrote late Monday. The woman also shared a close-up of the wound after it was cleaned. “Im still in shock. i am so sorry for everyone who lost loved ones today,” she wrote in another post alongside images of her swollen face after getting several stitches. Another graphic image shows her blood-soaked shirt, jeans and sneakers. “Please dont go to parades today i do not trust anything right now,” she wrote hours after the July 4 shooting that killed six people. “Ive felt safe at this parade for 18 years and today i got hit with a bullet and nothing will change in america this is ridiculous,” wrote the apparent Highland Park local. “My boyfriend tried to get to the hospital but it was already on lockdown by the time he was there. “He brought me flowers and stuffed animals and his comfort blanket and let me cry to him and made me feel so safe. i love him so much,” she added, saying that she already has “an appointment with a trauma therapist” for Tuesday. Lilli also shared a local TV network’s report on Robert E. “Bobby” Crimo III, the 22-year-old local amateur rapper who was arrested after being named a “person of interest” in the carnage. “This is the c–t who killed and injured innocent people,” she wrote of the man suspected of hitting her face. Lilli also reposted tweets from someone calling her “a Cute propaganda crisis actor!” “Literally cant believe,” she wrote. “I didnt post for attention to myself, I wanted to share the reality of what is happening to so many people, and help people realize that things NEED to change.”