She’s a real mommy moneymaker. A Danish blogger is making a fortune selling photos of her baby bump on OnlyFans — despite the fact she’s already given birth. Fie Laursen, 26, announced her pregnancy late last year, and quickly started sharing photos of her growing stomach on social media. The brunette — who boasts 195,000 followers on Instagram — soon noticed that fans were fawning over her pregnancy pics, and began sharing additional snaps on OnlyFans for subscribers, who pay $18 a month for her content. Laursen finally gave birth to her son, Mateo, in early June — but the brazen beauty is continuing to capitalize on her pregnancy. The savvy social media maven made sure to collect a cachet of baby bump photos before giving birth in order to keep her subscribers satiated in the months ahead. Laursen has “scheduled a year’s worth of erotic snaps and videos of her pregnant self” and is releasing them intermittently, according to the Daily Star. The Dane doesn’t believe that profiting off her pregnancy pictures makes her a bad parent, and vowed that she will be “the best mom ever” to baby Mateo. “I’m sure all the crooked paths I took in life before you… led me to be the best mother for you,” Laursen reportedly told her followers in an open message to her young son. The brunette isn’t the first mama to make bank by sharing her pregnancy photos, but she may be the most prominent person cashing in on OnlyFans. Back in 2016 — long before OnlyFans became a cultural juggernaut — The Post profiled expectant mothers whose baby bumps began netting them thousands of dollars in a different kind of way. Rather than share snaps with subscribers, the women got rich after being targeted by advertisers who wanted to pay them to promote their pregnancy products. One woman defended capitalizing on her pregnancy, declaring: “Until paid maternity leave is available to every freelancer in the world, I think it’s a fantastic opportunity to continue to work while pregnant and do something authentic.”