The conviction of a Long Island woman who had been found guilty of fatally running over a well-known anti-gang activist was tossed Wednesday by a state appeals court, which cited prosecutorial misconduct during the 2020 trial. Ann Marie Drago was convicted of negligent homicide in the 2018 death of Evelyn Rodriguez, but the state’s appellate division for the second judicial department vacated that verdict and ordered a new trial, according to court filings. “The prosecutor mischaracterized the evidence relating to the charge of criminally negligent homicide and confused the jury by repeatedly using language to suggest that the defendant’s conduct in striking Rodriguez with the vehicle was intentional or reckless,” part of the decision by the appeals court read. Last year Drago was sentenced to nine months in the case, but was not in prison while awaiting the appeals decision, ABC 7 reported. Drago ran over Rodriguez near the Brentwood memorial of the victim’s daughter, Kayla Cuevas, who was allegedly killed by the notorious MS-13 gang. The deadly encounter occurred hours before a vigil was set to start to mark the second anniversary of Cuevas’ death. Drago claimed she felt threatened when Rodriguez and her partner Freddy Cuevas ran up to her Nissan Rogue and started cursing at her after Drago dismantled the memorial. Drago’s family had claimed they could not sell their mother’s home because mourners kept stopping by to pay their respects to the late teen. “I just ran over somebody,” Drago said in a frantic 911 call after the incident, reported by Newsday. “She’s in the street. She’s not moving. I think I ran over her head. There’s blood. She’s not moving.” The incident was also captured by News 12 Long Island. During her sentencing, Drago seemed to accept responsibility for her actions. “I will take my punishment,” Drago told Rodriguez’s family in Suffolk County court, ABC 7 reported at the time. “I hope it will help you in your healing process.” In a statement, Suffolk County District Attorney Ray Tierney stressed the trial occurred before he took office. It was unclear if prosecutors would retry the case. “The court’s decision to reverse the trial verdict was based upon a finding of prosecutorial misconduct committed in the summation by the assigned prosecutor,” Tierney said. “That prosecutor, as well as those supervisors from the prior administration who oversaw the trial and reviewed those remarks prior to the summation, were not retained by me and are no longer with the Suffolk County District Attorney’s Office. “We respect the appellate court’s decision and will, of course, abide by the ruling as we evaluate how best to proceed in light of this decision.”