Troubled first son Hunter Biden’s daughter Naomi Biden will hold her wedding ceremony this fall on the South Lawn of the White House. “Sooo not sure how best to update but was supposed to do so weeks ago…but we have finally figured out where the ceremony will be…and much to the relief of secret service and with the dogs’ endorsement…we’ll be getting married on the South Lawn!” Naomi Biden said in a posting on her Twitter page. “Couldn’t be more excited,” she said, linking to a picture of the South Lawn. The granddaughter of President Biden will wed her fiancé, Peter Neal, at the White House on Nov. 19​, first lady Jill Biden’s office announced in April. “The First Family, the couple, and their parents are still in the planning stages of all of the wedding festivities and look forward to announcing further details in the coming months​,” the announcement said. Some costs associated with the ceremony — like security — will be picked up by taxpayers, but the Biden family will pay the tab for wedding activities. Her dad, Hunter Biden, is under investigation by the Justice Department for his foreign business relationships in China and Ukraine dating from the time his father was serving as vice president in the Obama administration. The investigation, led by the US Attorney’s Office in Delaware, is looking into whether the first son and his associates violated money laundering and foreign lobbying laws. And the scandals swirling around Hunter Biden may lead back to the president. New reporting by The Post on Thursday revealed that a business associate of Hunter Biden referred to his father as “the Big Guy” shortly after the tabloid published a blockbuster story in October 2020 about the first son’s overseas business entanglements. The information for the report came from emails, texts and documents found on the laptop computer that Hunter Biden abandoned at a computer repair shop in Delaware in 2019. Another business associate of Hunter Biden’s, US Navy vet Tony Bobulinksi, said “Big Guy” referred to President Biden and that he was aware of a lucrative deal with a Chinese company.