There are a lot of bad things happening in New York that a politician who cared about her constituents might try to solve, or at least could mention amid her manic social-media ­output. But not Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the 32-year-old woke Democrat from Westchester who represents New York’s 14th Congressional District that takes in parts of Queens and the Bronx, where residents are suffering from rising crime and inflation. Since she’s been a powerful national voice for almost four years, you would think she could make herself useful to her constituents. Instead, all she does is make a spectacle of herself. Her Instagram account, with more than 8 million followers, consists almost entirely of close-up images of her pretty face and rants about perceived slights to her good self, along with the occasional makeup lesson. Her latest psychodrama has been unrolling in ever more frantic installments since Wednesday, when Alex Stein, a YouTube comedian and professional right-wing troll, catcalled her as she climbed the steps of the Capitol with her entourage. “AOC, my favorite big-booty Latina,” Stein said, filming himself as the congresswoman walked by in a white knit mini-dress. “I love you, AOC. You’re my favorite. She wants to kill babies but she’s still beautiful. You look very beautiful in that dress. You look very sexy. Look at that booty on AOC. That’s my favorite big-booty Latina.” The congresswoman’s reaction in the moment was to walk over to Stein and say, “Why don’t we do a little selfie?” while flashing the peace sign for the camera. AOC loves a camera and the camera loves AOC. “Look how sexy she looks in that dress,” Stein continued after she walked away. “I love it. AOC. Hot, hot, hot like a tamale.” His stunt was rude, unfunny and borderline sexual harassment, for sure. But on the scale of threats, it was nothing. Yet she then spent the next few days whipping herself up into a rage about the terrible affront. She branded Stein “racist,” “extremist,” “dangerous.” She demanded the Capitol Police intervene over his “extraordinarily sexually explicit and rude” comments. Her tirade was typical of the hysterics she indulges in, which are a hallmark of some teenage girls but which you would expect an adult woman in a serious job would have outgrown. “This guy followed me up the Capitol saying, ‘Look at your juicy a**’, ‘you Latina’ & bunch of other disgusting garbage in front of an officer who let him continue, so I’m just going to share his photo here since there’s no other protection,” she tweeted in the first of a flood of escalating complaints. “No other protection” presumably was a criticism of her fiancé, web developer Riley Roberts, who had been walking up the steps alongside her, with their French bulldog puppy Deco on a little lead, and sensibly ignored the troll. Poor Riley probably spent the night on the couch, as AOC spiraled into increasingly kooky ­hyperbole. The damsel in distress took to Instagram at one point with a shout-out to her admirers. “I asked men on Instagram what advice they have for other men who want to stand up to abusers and harassers, but struggle to in the moment,” she posted, and then shared her favorite replies. Take that, Riley! AOC got her staff to call the Capitol Police five times demanding action and managed to get Stein’s comedy performance at the DC Arts Center canceled. But it wasn’t enough. That night she went outside and ranted to reporters about the Capitol Police. Wild-eyed and clapping her hands, she claimed “we’re not safe” because some officers had been “very clearly sympathetic and opening the doors wide open” to Capitol rioters on Jan. 6. “Remember how there was tons of footage and evidence of officers & others inside on 1/6 supporting insurrectionists, but then everyone decided it was too politically risky to investigate thoroughly so they brushed under the rug?” she later tweeted. Not that she is wrong about the true story being swept under the rug. Nancy Pelosi’s J6 kangaroo court refuses to investigate anything that doesn’t lead to Donald Trump. But AOC was so angry, she didn’t care that she was blowing up the Dems’ carefully constructed J6 narrative. The next day, her rage had not subsided. She called a press conference for “female and LGBT” reporters to tear into the cops some more. “This is not a place that is designed to protect women. It’s not a place that’s designed to protect LGBT people, and I fear for all of the journalists here.” The Capitol Police were forced to issue a statement pointing out that Stein’s comments, “although inappropriate, are not criminal. [He] never threatened or touched the Congresswoman. Out of an abundance of caution, our officers stopped the man and ran his information, which did not show any warrants.” End of story. But not for AOC. Always the victim, her hypocrisy and lack of self-awareness is comical, although it can’t be healthy for her state of mind. She wants Stein arrested, yet when protesters illegally surround Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s home or harass him at a restaurant, even after an assassination attempt, she scoffs at safety concerns and mocks him for missing out on his “soufflé.” She demands the Capitol Police protect her from rudeness, yet she agitates to defund police for the rest of us. She could have used her fame to help bodega worker Jose Alba, charged with murder after defending himself from two attackers, just three miles across the Harlem River from her district. She is all about identity politics, and never about issues that affect the lives of New Yorkers. She is the most vocal and combative “Latinx” in politics, yet she failed to say a word when Jill Biden called Hispanics “breakfast tacos.” Once regarded as presidential material, she could have used her charms to be a force for good, but instead she succumbed to narcissism and socialist claptrap. Now she is frantic because she knows her time has come and gone. She is the last of a dwindling breed of Hispanics who still vote Democratic and like being called Latinx. She will fade into irrelevance once her party is humbled by voters in November. It may be the best thing to ever happen to her. Donald Trump apparently has been telling reporters that the big question on his mind is not whether he should run again for president in 2024, but whether he should announce it before or after the midterms. It’s not a hard question. Put it this way: Nancy Pelosi is dying for him to announce as soon as possible. The one thing that could derail a big red wave in November is for Trump to make it all about him. “Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake” is an old adage in politics.One look at Joe Biden’s polls and his party’s failed policy platform should tell Republicans to leave well enough alone.