Brooklyn’s 75th Precinct is rife with fury at the work of police defunders and criminal-justice “reformers.” With 48 shootings and 58 gun victims in 2022 so far, the 75th is the epicenter of the city’s surge in gun violence. Since the start of summer, shootings have doubled over 2021’s rate, harkening back to 1993 when The Post dubbed the precinct New York’s Killing Ground as it saw a murder every 63 hours. This year’s victims have been young and old; many, innocent bystanders sitting on a park bench or standing on the street. The shooters are mostly teens and young men, often engaged in running street battles or wild shootouts inside busy bodegas. Gov. Hochul and state lawmakers who dismissed Mayor Eric Adams’ recent call for a special session to address the crime surge ought to visit East New York and Cypress Hills to see what they’re refusing to fix. And to hear the anger on the street. “They wanted to defund the police, so now there is no police in the area. What do you expect?” a bodega worker told The Post. Dyran Sloan told us he’s looking to move to Virginia. “I’m tired of New York. It’s turned into a battleground now.” Cheryl, 74, wants more cops on foot patrol: “I don’t believe in this banning the police. It’s a bunch of crap because we need the police.” Another senior, 70, laments that people can hardly walk at night anymore: “There is no respect no more for the law in this city.” But local City Councilwoman Sandy Nurse sees it differently. Last year, she told Bklyner: “The No. 1 thing people say makes them feel safe is consistent sanitation.” Councilman Charles Barron told the same local news outlet that “no amount of police containment” can decrease gun violence without “economic development, job creation, and a massive attack on poverty.” So how did the neighborhood get safer after 1993? In fact, the “street cleaning” was by the NYPD. The murder rate dropped tremendously over the next three decades thanks to CompStat, Broken Windows and street policing. Countless lives — mostly of young African-American men — were saved. A new generation of politicians have unlearned those lessons. Then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s declaration of a gun violence emergency in 2021 was supposed to be the holistic “fix poverty and the rest will follow” argument. But all the grant money got spent, with a fraction of the promised jobs delivered, the Times Union reports — and gun violence grew. Residents of East New York and other crime-ravaged areas have every right to be angry. The defunders and the “social services fix everything” crowd sold them a bill of goods. It’s cops, prosecutors and courts doing their duty that produce public safety. Only when the streets are safe do businesses thrive. The innocents of the 75th across the state wind up as victims not just of crime, but of New York’s progressive leaders who keep pretending law enforcement is the problem.