CLEVELAND — After hitting a speed bump in Houston on Thursday, the Yankees reverted to their winning ways with a 13-4 win over the Guardians in the first game of a split doubleheader on Saturday. Gerrit Cole gave up back-to-back solo homers in the second inning, but the Yankees stormed back with four runs in the third and four more in the sixth, as they picked up their fifth win in six games. They also improved to 16-5 after losses on the season — which isn’t too surprising considering they are an MLB-best 57-21 overall. But there is something to their success in games after rare defeats. “I feel like we handle wins and losses well, but I also think they get [ticked] off when they lose,’’ manager Aaron Boone said of his team. “They take it a little bit personal.” On Saturday, that resulted in a pair of four-run innings and their biggest runs output since they scored 18 against the White Sox on June 12. “I just think there’s a lot of toughness and grit in that clubhouse,’’ said Matt Carpenter, who played first base and hit two homers. “There’s a lot of fight [and] guys that care.” It wasn’t a perfect afternoon for the Yankees, though, as Aroldis Chapman proved to be as big an issue as ever. In his return from a stint on the injured list due to left Achilles tendinitis, Chapman walked all three batters he faced in the seventh inning and didn’t even wait on the mound for Boone to come get him after the third walk. The Yankees had a chance to take an early lead when DJ LeMahieu led off the game with a walk and a Gleyber Torres single sent him to third. But Giancarlo Stanton grounded into an inning-ending double play. Cole, who had allowed just two earned runs in 20 ¹/₃ innings in his previous three starts, put the Yankees in a hole when Josh Naylor led off the bottom of the second with a 415-foot blast to center field and Franmil Reyes followed with a shot to right to give Cleveland a 2-0 lead. Facing left-hander Kirk McCarty, who was making just the third appearance — and second start — of his MLB career, the Yankees’ offense got going in the third. LeMahieu got them going with a one-out, opposite field homer to right to make it 2-1. Aaron Judge and Torres walked before Stanton whiffed. Miguel Andujar, called up from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre as the 27th player for the doubleheader, singled to center to drive in Judge, tying the score. Aaron Hicks then delivered a base hit to right to drive in two more to put the Yankees on top. The Yankees continued to pour on runs in the sixth against Anthony Gose. Hicks — who, like LeMahieu and Torres, reached base four times — walked and Carpenter drilled a homer to right. Later in the inning, with two outs, LeMahieu walked and Judge doubled. Both scored on a Torres single to left to make it 8-2. Carpenter added an RBI single in the seventh and another homer in the ninth. Cole, meanwhile, rolled after the second inning. He allowed just a one-out double to ex-Met Andres Gimenez in the fourth and left after six innings. Cole has now given up just four earned runs in 26 ¹/₃ innings in four starts since his seven-run disaster at Minnesota on June 9. Chapman, on the other hand, is showing no signs of turning his season around. He was dreadful in his last five outings before hitting the IL and was just as bad on Saturday, showing no command. After Chapman was pulled, Ron Marinaccio entered with the bases loaded and no one out and got Myles Straw and Steven Kwan to hit into run-scoring grounders before Amed Rosario flied out with the Yankees still ahead by six runs. After the Yankees tacked on a run in the eighth, Lucas Luetge loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom of the inning, but struck out Sandy Leon looking.