If you had to find an alternative solution for your hair removal needs during the pandemic, you’re not alone. In fact, since the pandemic’s onset, many people have sought out other solutions to tend to their grooming needs. Even though hair removal isn’t for everyone, studies suggest around 99% of women have removed some portion of body hair at some point in their life. With the majority, 86%, starting around the age of 16. However, trips to the salon are no longer as convenient or affordable as they used to be. Plus, traditional hair-removal options can be pretty painful. So if you’re looking for a freeing, at-home hair removal option for all-over grooming, then you need to know about Sugardoh Sugaring Paste. Sugardoh Sugar Paste is an all-natural, compostable hair remover that gently pulls hair from the root while exfoliating the skin. It’s a depilation solution that will finally leave your skin feeling baby-bottom smooth. Sugaring is actually the OG way of removing hair. It’s a traditional ancient Egyptian method that’s been around forever. Because of this, sugaring involves using a 100% natural paste made of sugar, lemon, and water to remove hair from its root so that your skin is left smooth and exfoliated. And with each purchase of Sugardoh Sugar Paste, you’ll get up to 4 months of all-over grooming in one jar, which you can use whenever and wherever you like. Sugaring is like the cooler cousin to waxing. It’s a paste that you apply to hair and remove in strips. Unlike waxing, you don’t need any application tools such as strips, sticks, or warmers to achieve truly smooth, hairless skin. Unlike waxing, Sugardoh paste is used at room temperature, so there’s no risk of burning. Instead, sugar paste works with your own body heat, which means it never adheres to live skin cells, which is what makes waxing so painful. It only attaches to dead cells. Sugaring is easy, but if you’re new to it, there can be a bit of a learning curve. However, once you master the process, it will change your life. Sugardoh Sugar Paste is a new kind of sustainable body care, one with minimal ingredients and little waste. With Sugardoh, you’re buying clean, cruelty-free products that work just as well, if not better, than traditional hair removal tools. If you choose to be hairless, Sugardoh ensures a planet-friendly way to do it. Because Sugardoh believes hair-removal is a choice, not an expectation, they embrace the body for what it is and what it does. This way you can continue to be super conscious about what you choose to use on it. Most importantly, Sugardoh believes all body care should be powered by ingredients that do no harm, work super hard, and take the guesswork out of the meaning of clean. That’s why, when you’re done using it to remove your hair, you can add it to your compost. So what are you waiting for? Let Sugardoh Sugar Paste simplify your personal grooming in the greenest way possible.