The first day of practice at Steelers training camp turned into a family affair for quarterback Mitch Trubisky. As practice got underway Wednesday at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, Trubisky was treated to a visit by his two favorite fans: wife Hillary and their newborn son, Hudson David. “Year 6 #HereWeGo,” Hillary gushed on Instagram as she and the 27-year-old quarterback posed with Hudson, whom they welcomed in May. Trubsisky, who signed a two-year, $14.25 deal with the Steelers in March, worked with the first-team offense on Wednesday, much like he did earlier this summer at OTAs and minicamp. He is the favorite to be the team’s starter come Week 1, though he will be challenged by rookie Kenny Pickett and veteran Mason Rudolph. “As far as I know, it’s going to stay similar to what it was,” Trubisky said according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. “I just take it one day at a time. If I be me and I continue to lead this team and get better each day, then everything will work out.” Trubisky spent the last season in Buffalo, where he served as the backup quarterback to Bills starter Josh Allen. Prior to that, he spent the first four seasons of his NFL career with the Bears, who selected him second overall in 2017. Trubisky wasn’t the only Steelers quarterback who was supported by his significant other on Wednesday. Pickett was joined by his fiancée, Princeton alum Amy Paternoster. “Day 1 in the books!! So excited for my ‘little’ camper,” Paternoster swooned on Instagram. Pickett, the 20th selection in the 2022 NFL Draft, was intercepted by undrafted rookie defensive back Carlins Platel. Despite the competition at hand, Trubisky is open to mentoring Pickett as he prepares for his first season in the NFL. “I think it’s just being a great teammate every day,” Trubisky said, per Josh Rowntree of 93.7 The Fan. “Having those conversations in the meeting room, in the locker room, or wherever we’re at at practice. Helping him if he has any questions, and just sharing my experiences with him. Going into Year 6, I have a lot of experience when it comes to training camp, when it comes to learning offenses.” The Steelers open the season on the road against the Bengals on Sept. 11.