House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy ranted Thursday against the surprise spending deal between Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) – which doles out billions of dollars on pet Democratic issues despite being portrayed as a “slimmed-down” version of President Biden’s multi-trillion dollar Build Back Better bill. “Was the worst inflation in 40 years not enough?” McCarthy asked on the House floor. “Are they trying to see how high they can get it?”“They say they want to restore growth, but their new bill adds $700 billion in new taxes,” the California Republican added. “Do Democrats really believe spending hundreds of billions of tax dollars right now while pursuing and punishing productive investments in the long run will lower inflation?” Schumer and Manchin say the bill would raise $739 billion through mechanisms including a 15% minimum tax on corporations’ publicly reported income, stepped-up enforcement by the IRS, and a tax on profits earned by general partners in private equity, venture capital firms, and hedge funds known as carried interest. The bulk of the 725-page bill’s spending — approximately $369 billion of the $433 billion outlay — goes toward energy and climate issues, far lower than the $555 billion spend in the original $3.5 trillion Build Back Better package but enough to make it the largest climate bill passed by Congress if approved. The bill includes tax credits for Americans who purchase electric vehicles, a favorite topic of Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg and an issue near and dear to the heart of Jeff Ricchetti, a lobbyist whose clients include General Motors – and who is the brother of top White House adviser Steve Ricchetti. “Democrats said they want to lower inflation, but you know what their new bill does?” McCarthy seethed. “Gives you a $7,500 tax credit to buy an $80,000 electric vehicle for people making up to $300,000.” The credit of $7,500 for new electric vehicles would be available to single Americans making fewer than $150,000 per year and married couples making fewer than $300,000 per year. Individuals making under $75,000 per year and couples earning under $150,000 per year would be eligible for the used electric vehicle rebate of $4,000. The bill also devotes $60 billion to tax credits for manufacturers of green energy items like  solar panels and wind turbines. About $30 billion of that amount would go to production tax credits for the wind and solar industries alone, while another $10 billion is earmarked for an investment tax credit to boost the construction of new facilities. “You’re going to spend more dollars chasing the same goods with fewer jobs and lower income in the long run, all during a recession,” McCarthy said Thursday.” But I know what you’re going to say. It’s OK, because you changed the definition of a recession.” The proposed package also sets aside $27 billion for a so-called “green bank” that would invest in technology to reduce emissions in poor areas and another $1.5 billion to the Environmental Protection Agency to help companies reduce emissions of methane. The legislation does make token attempts to boost the domestic oil and gas industry by mandating the sale of drilling leases on federal lands along with leases to develop offshore wind and other renewable energy. The bill would also require the Interior Department to move ahead with three offshore lease sales it canceled in May of this year. But the most important concession to Manchin’s support of fossil fuels may not be in the bill at all. In his statement announcing the deal, Manchin revealed he had won commitments from Schumer and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to move legislation loosening federal permitting rules for fossil fuel pipelines — including one that would shift Appalachian shale gas from Manchin’s home state of West Virginia to neighboring Virginia. Schumer and Manchin say the bill would raise $739 billion through mechanisms including a 15% minimum tax on corporations’ publicly reported income, stepped-up enforcement by the IRS, and a tax on profits earned by general partners in private equity, venture capital firms, and hedge funds known as carried interest. While Schumer has indicated the Senate will consider the package next week, it faces an uphill battle due in part to a rash of COVID-19 cases, which could leave Democrats without the necessary votes in the evenly divided chamber. Another wild card is Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) – who opposed the Build Back Better bill in the fall in part due to the closing of the carried interest loophole. On Thursday, Manchin told reporters that he had not yet spoken with Sinema, but said, “I would hope that she would be receptive.”