Big power comes in small packages. An Indonesian photographer has gone viral after documenting ants’ remarkable feats of strength, including lifting fruits and vegetables more than ten times their size. His unorthodox action shots are currently blowing up online as gawkers marvel at these diminutive powerlifters. “It was wonderful and beautiful to watch and photograph,” macro photographer Dzulfikri told Caters News Agency of the photo-op, which he captured in Narogong Macro park. The subjects were weaver ants, a Southeast Asian species that in accordance with their name, weaves their own nests out of leaves and larval silk. They’re also known for being able to carry 100 times their body weight — the equivalent of a 200-pound man hoisting a semi-tractor. “Ants are so strong and have great teamwork skills,” described Dzulfikri, who was able to capture their Herculean weightlifting prowess by using a makeshift tripod and a miniature set. In one of the ensuing power shots, two ants can be seen working together to move a comparatively gargantuan tropical fruit called a sweetsop. Another shows a pair of the social insects impressively balancing a gigantic piece of broccoli, which looks like an oak tree compared to them. “In these images, they are carrying ten times more than what they weigh,” Dzulfikri explained. “When people see the images, they can’t believe that the ants can carry these pieces of fruit.” The Cikarang native added, “It is beautiful to take pictures of them when they are doing activities such as working together and lifting objects.” Despite the seemingly intricate nature of Dzulfikri’s photos, the photographer claims that he disturbs the critters as little as possible during photoshoots. “Some people think that I must use glue to get the shot, but I love animals and I would never harm them,” he insisted. “We carefully do this project, and we release the ants after the shoot is finished.” In a similar zoological weightlifting demonstration in October 2020, a photographer captured squirrels “getting swoll” by lifting nut barbells he’d left out for them.