Kelly Stafford won’t be influenced by fashion critics. “The Morning After” podcast host — who is the wife of Rams Super Bowl-winning quarterback Matthew Stafford — rocked a pantsuit to the team’s private ring ceremony in Los Angeles last Thursday in order to troll people that told her how to dress. Kelly admitted she went against the grain with her fiery look in a post on Instagram Wednesday, writing, “I get so many DMs telling me I need to dress more feminine…so, I wore a suit .” Erin Andrews, a Fox Sports reporter, who is good friends with Stafford, begged to differ, writing in the comments, “Loving the whole leeeeewk.” Her WEAR by Erin Andrews brand also commented, “Baaaabe .” Kelly’s sultry suit, by Alexander McQueen, featured a plunging neckline and pleated pants. The mother of four stepped out in a pair of open-toe silver heels by Gianvito Rossi, and she carried a gold bedazzled football-shaped bag by Judith Leiber. Matthew Stafford showed off his Super Bowl ring in his first-ever Instagram post last weekend — five months removed from Los Angeles’ 23-20 win over the Bengals in February. The quarterback joined Instagram after the Rams received their championship rings, created by celebrity jeweler Jason of Beverly Hills. Stafford, though, is still learning the ropes of how things work on Instagram. When he reported to training camp this week, the Rams Instagram account shared a video trolling the quarterback for not following Los Angeles back on the app. “Are you going to follow the Rams back on Instagram?” a team employee said in the video. “I have no idea how to run all that stuff so, maybe,” Stafford said. “I’m sure I will.” Kelly, meanwhile, reposted the video and poked fun at her husband — with whom she shares four daughters, twins Chandler and Sawyer, 5, Hunter, 3, and Tyler, almost 2. “You’re welcome. He still has no idea how to do it,” she said about Stafford following the Rams page. Kelly also appeared to take credit for the star quarterback joining Instagram.