Boxers or briefs? We don’t mean to pry, but underwear is one of the most important items of clothing a man can own. Hoping that you wear them every day, having good, quality pairs of underpants is a necessity throughout the week. Whether you love the tighter briefs that are smooth under pants or a looser boxer that lets you stay cool and comfortable (like your pajamas) in the warmer months, we have you covered — no pun intended. Instead of listing these pair by pair, we tracked down the best brands to shop and will let you do the rest, choosing packs of multiple pairs for the week or choosing fun patterns and colors to express yourself. Read on for suggestions for some new skivvies and then get ready to do a no-pants dance in your underwear sans holes and stains for 2022. Shopping for women’s underwear as well? We have an article on that, too! Look stylish in your Calvin’s when you shop at Amazon. The site has many different styles of Calvin Klein, including boxer briefs, hip briefs, classic boxers and more. “Comfort for All” is Hanes mission, and with the variety of men’s underwear, we think the mission is accomplished. Their Amazon storefront has many options to choose from with looser boxers to tighter briefs and everything in between. Put your booty in a pair of Bombas and never turn back. The basics brand offers a variety of cuts and styles, with an inclusive range of sizing too. Shop from a small to a 3XL in most styles, including active boxer briefs and cotton boxers. What length do you prefer when it comes to inseam? Tommy John has something for you no matter the answer, allowing you to shop by style from longer 8-inch boxer briefs and six-inch boxers to short 2-inch square cut underwear and 0-inch briefs. Don’t stop at just jeans at American Eagle when you can add some undies to your cart while you’re at it. AE underwear for men comes in a wide variety of styles, including super long 9-inch boxer briefs to very short briefs. Start your day by slipping on a pair of luxury underwear and feel powerful all day long. These boxers from Versace can be found at Farfetch and come in a few styles for those that like boxers or shorter briefs. We love the ones with the Greca logo if that’s your thing. Don’t sweat it, these are great for all activities. The athletic underwear from lululemon are great for comfort and style, with each option built for every aspect of your day. The Built to Move boxers are great for training, while the Always in Motion collection is a perfect every day brief. Summer is here, which means dry-fit underwear is a must. These sweat-wicking undies from Nike are a life-saver in the summer heat, and come in a wide variety of colors, sizes and cuts. Make sure your underwear is balanced and colorful, with selects from Fruit of the Loom. You can find the brand on Amazon, with a storefront just for men’s underwear. For breathable boxers, choose this performance stretch pack or choose the bestselling “tighty whities” that have nearly 50,000 ratings. Add some prep to your step with this classy pairs of underwear from Tommy Hilfiger. You can find them at Macy’s, with fun cotton printed boxers, tighter stretch trunks and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.