The mother of the young woman gunned down while pushing her baby in a stroller on the Upper East Side shouted “disgusting!” at the sight of her daughter’s accused killer in Manhattan court Wednesday. The emotional outburst came before Isaac Argro, 22, entered a plea of not guilty on an indictment charging him with murder and criminal possession of a weapon for the cold-blooded killing of his ex-girlfriend Azsia Johnson. “Disgusting!” Johnson’s heartbroken mom, Lisa DeSort, yelled when Argro entered Manhattan Supreme Court for his arraignment on the indictment. Argro allegedly shot 20-year-old Johnson in the head at point-blank range while she pushed their 3-month-old daughter in a stroller last month — in what prosecutors say was a “premeditated execution.” DeSort sat with her daughters and grandchildren in the gallery, swaying back and forth as she watched the proceedings. She made the sign of the cross and had her hands clasped as if praying throughout the court appearance. Johnson and Argro’s infant wasn’t in court, and DeSort declined to say where the baby was over safety concerns. “As a mom, this is hard. I have so many children, 10: seven girls and three boys,” DeSort later told The Post. “Keeping them together and keeping everybody. When I wanna cry, I can’t. When I wanna breathe, I can’t. Once I start, they start.” Argro allegedly lured Johnson to meet him on the evening of June 29 by telling her he was going to give her items for their daughter. The young mom of two sent texts to her sister describing where she was meeting her ex and what he was wearing, which matched the 911 descriptions after the shooting, according to prosecutors “This case is a premeditated execution,” assistant District Attorney Atalanta Mihas said in court. “[Argro] arrived all in black with a ski mask over his face and a black outfit — an outfit indicated that he planned ahead and attempted to obscure his face.” When Argro met Johnson on East 95th Street between Lexington and Third avenues, he had nothing for their daughter – and instead he shot his baby’s mother in the face and ran, prosecutors allege. Later, Argro was caught on surveillance footage ditching the clothes in an effort to avoid arrest, prosecutors said. The alleged killer later called Johnson’s family to ask about his daughter and even threatened another individual who knew Johnson that they were “next,” according to prosecutors. District Attorney Alvin Bragg said in a statement announcing the indictment that the attack was a sickening “act of fatal domestic violence.” “Committing this type of killing in front of an infant is horrific, and I cannot imagine the pain that Ms. Johnson’s family and loved ones are experiencing. I want to make clear that we will pursue full accountability and justice in this case.” Argro’s next court appearance is scheduled for Oct. 19.