Republican gubernatorial nominee Rep. Lee Zeldin on Tuesday called for Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg to drop the murder charge against bodega worker Jose Alba for fatally stabbing a man who attacked him on the job. “There should be an ability for Jose Alba to defend himself, for anyone in any place of employment to defend themselves and to stand their ground,” Zeldin said at a midday press conference across the street from Bragg’s Manhattan office. “This isn’t justice,” the Long Island rep added alongside GOP lieutenant governor nominee Alison Esposito, state attorney general nominee Michael Henry and U.S. Senate nominee Joe Pinion. Zeldin has vowed to remove Bragg from office over his arrest policies if elected this November over incumbent Democratic Gov. Kathy Hochul. Bragg reportedly told city bodega owners Tuesday that he would “absolutely” consider dropping the charges against Alba. “We are continuing to review the evidence and the investigation is ongoing,” a Bragg spokesman said in a statement to the Post. Video footage shows 35-year-old Austin Simon confronting 61 year-old Alba behind the counter at the Hamilton Heights establishment after Simon’s girlfriend could not buy a bag of chips because her EBT card got declined. An irate Simon shoves Alba before the deli worker grabbed a knife and stabbed Simon repeatedly. Alba – who police arrested and charged with second degree murder – was also allegedly stabbed by the girlfriend during the incident. “Jose Alba followed the law. He was not looking for a confrontation. He tried to retreat. He was cornered by a younger ex-con who was assaulting him. He was stabbed by this man’s girlfriend. [The DA’s] office said she didn’t get charged because she was defending her boyfriend. Yet where is the self-defense claim for Jose Alba?” Henry said at the Tuesday rally. Elected officials and United Bodegas of America, a trade group representing businesses in NYC, have blasted the DA’s handling of the case ever since Alba was sent to Rikers before being released on $50,000 bail last Thursday. “This happened. I don’t know in the moment how this happened. But I’m also sad. I know what the pain is,” Alba told the Post. Bragg has faced criticism over a memo he issued at the beginning of this year instructing prosecutors to avoid arrests on a list of criminal offenses, a position that he later partially walked back on some types of crimes. Alba’s case has convinced some Democrats to join calls for Hochul to invoke state constitutional powers that would allow her to remove Bragg from office. “DA Bragg is prosecuting a bodega worker who acted in self-defense while being attacked. How much more evidence needs to be presented that shows DA Bragg is not faithfully discharging the duties of his office?” reads a July 12 letter to Hochul from a group of right-leaning City Council members that includes Democrats Bob Holden and Kalman Yeger. Nearly six months after saying that she was cutting the controversial DA “some slack” over his arrest policies, Hochul appears no closer to removing Bragg. In response to a request for comment the letter, a Hochul spokeswoman referred the Post to comments made by the governor earlier in the day. Hochul had suggested to reporters Tuesday at a Manhattan press conference that she is not looking to get involved in ongoing debates about Alba or Bragg. “It’s not the role of the governor to make those local decisions,” she said when asked at a Tuesday press conference her opinion about the outstanding murder charge against the bodega worker. “My opinion is this: We need to continue to do more to protect New Yorkers in this state. That is the extent of it. That is my involvement,” she added.