A Texas yoga instructor who allegedly gunned down a romantic rival in a jealous rage was finally returned to Austin and slapped with a first-degree murder charge on Tuesday. Kaitlin Marie Armstrong, 34, was back in Austin six days after she was arrested in Costa Rica, hiding out and studying yoga with an altered appearance and apparent cosmetic surgery. Armstrong was booked Tuesday afternoon for the May 11 murder of 25-year-old Anna Moriah Wilson, who had a romantic fling with Armstrong’s live-in boyfriend and went swimming with him hours before she was killed. The embattled yogi is also facing charges for theft of services for walking out on a $654 Botox bill from a local spa in 2018, Travis County, Texas, jail records show. She had arrived back in the states on Saturday, with ABC video showing her escorted by US Marshals out of George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston on Saturday. The murder and Armstrong’s elaborate effort to evade arrest drew national interest and sparked an international manhunt that lasted more than a month. Her longtime boyfriend Colin Strickland, also a cyclist, had dated Wilson last fall while allegedly on the outs with Armstrong. Armstrong found out about the fling in January and told a friend she “wanted to kill Wilson,” according to a police affidavit posted by the Austin American Statesman. Strickland has reportedly denied an ongoing relationship with Wilson, but he lied to Armstrong about his whereabouts when he met up with Wilson on May 11 when she was visiting Austin from San Francisco to prepare for an upcoming race. Strickland picked up Wilson from her friend’s house on a motorcycle, went swimming and had dinner before dropping her off, the affidavit said. A vehicle matching Armstrong’s black Jeep Grand Cherokee was seen pulling up to the friend’s house moments after Wilson was dropped off. She was found later that night, shot multiple times in a bathroom of the residence, the affidavit said. Armstrong was later questioned by police in the shooting but reportedly released due to a technical fault on the warrant for the Botox tab. It isn’t clear why it took cops so long to arrest Armstrong for the theft of services. The yoga instructor then sold the Jeep for $12,200 and took a flight from Austin to New York City. Days later, she was dropped off at Newark Liberty International Airport and used a valid passport belonging to someone else to hop a flight to Costa Rica. When she was arrested at a hostel last week, authorities said she wore a bandage on her nose and had cut her hair and dyed it from a light brown-reddish color to a darker shade. A witness told “Inside Edition” she left behind her passport, a passport belonging to her sister – and a $6,350 receipt for cosmetic surgery.