Perhaps one of the most divisive pieces of footwear — clogs have made rounds in fashion circles since their European origin in the fourteenth century. Most recently, the shoe has been daringly styled by some of our favorite celebrities, reverberating waves of #clog interest across social media. “Love Island” fans and cast members were left stunned as Ikenna Ekwonna made his debut in a pair of controversial black crocs, charms and all. Supermodel Kaia Gerber, also garnered attention after being pictured in a pair of Suede Birckstock clogs. Her BFF, Bella Hadid, was also caught strutting around New York City with her extra-chunky, bubble clogs from Simon Miller. Other celebrities, like Reese Witherspoon and Sarah Jessica Parker, have opted for more traditional pairs, like the Swedish Hasbeens. Beloved to some, despised by others, we can’t deny that clogs have many redeeming qualities. Whether you’re looking to spice up your summer wardrobe or just need a pair of comfortable shoes to tend to your garden, there is a pair of clogs for everyone. Plus, clogs are generally praised for their durability, so you can feel at ease knowing you’re making an intelligent long-term investment. Related: summer sandals, comfy heels, and sneakers. If your cautiously approaching the clog universe, this is the perfect starter pair. You can never go wrong with iconic Birkestock’s clogs. With latex footbeds and cushy synthetic soles, these shoes have all the support your arches need. Take them out on a stroll or turn them into your go-to house shoes. You will be joining everyone from Kendall Jenner to Kristin Stewart with the clog-birk-cult. For just $60, these classic clogs will become a staple piece in your closet. The smooth, glossy finish on these babies make for a simple, clean look. With two and half inches of heel, you can still enjoy the slight lift of clogs but won’t have to worry about tripping all over the place. Talk about versatility, these J. Crew clogs can be worn two ways. The convertible strap on these genuine wood sole clogs can either be worn around the back of the heel for extra stability or over the top of the foot for easy sliding. The studded detail adds a bit of flare to make this shoe the perfect summer stomper. These whimsical clogs make us want to drop everything and run around in a field full of daisies. The intricate floral detailing on these Free People clogs contrasts beautifully with the aged wooden soles, bringing an element of sophistication to these ageless shoes. Available in black, ivory and tan. If you’re looking more for function than form, these are the clogs for you. With reviews “like walking on clouds” and “I hope they never stop making these,” you can expect unmatched comfort. Like every OOFOS shoe, these clogs features OOfoam technology which absorbs 37% more impact than traditional footwear foam materials to reduce the stress on your feet, joints, and back. Bellissimo! These beautiful Italian heeled clogs will steal the show. The woof-effect platform and studded detailing on these clogs adds a splash of retro to any outfit. Plus the super wide, adjustable straps make a night on the town a little more comfortable. Cant pick a color? Pick two. Perfect for summer, these two-toned Swedish Hasbeens feature an open toe design for extra breathing room. The block heel generously adds a couple inches, flattering for every body type. Free People put a modern twist on these teal clogs. These upturned tip clogs also come in various soft shades that scream dreamy summertime, like moss and marigold. Add a pop of color to your wardrobe and grab a pair while you can. While not technically the clog that comes to mind, crocs have sparked there own revolution in the shoe universe. If you’re still reminiscing over your childhood pair, it’s not too late for a second chance. And yes, they are still as water-friendly and incredibly buoyant as your remember. Everyone from Justin Bieber to Drew Barrymore has hopped on the adult Croc bandwagon. You won’t find a pair of clogs quite like these. With a hint of espadrille, these See by Chloé clogs will make you feel like you are wandering along the coast of Spain. Plus, the logo-engraved buckle at the vamp and the goldstone studs draw the eye in. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.