Did Nick Cannon really do all that? The ex-wife of “All That” and “Kenan and Kel,” star Kel Mitchell, 43, claims he once caught Cannon, 41, dressed in a cheerleader’s costume, dancing for the Nickelodeon alum on their marital bed. But Cannon is skirting the claim with comedy. “Remembering when I came home to Nick Cannon wearing my full cheerleading uniform (including the briefs),” wrote Mitchell’s ex, Tyisha Hampton, in the closed-captions of a now-viral TikTok video. “[Cannon was] doing cheers on the bed for my ex husband Kel Mitchell to cheer him up because he cheated on me,” she added in the clip, which has amassed over 756,000 views. Representatives for Mitchell did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment on the trending bombshell. Cannon, however, used his trademark humor to publicly extinguish the fiery allegation. “Yep!!,” the father of nine penned in the comments section of a BallerAlert post dedicated to Hampton’s video. “Probably had the big ear of corn, a bunch of orange soda and a couple of Kid’s Choice Awards up our a- -es too!,” he said sarcastically. In response, Hampton praised “Wild ‘N Out” star for “keeping it 100,” and urged him to teach Mitchell — with whom she has two children — to “take care of all his kids.” She and Mitchell tied the knot in 1999, and divorced six years later. In her comment to Cannon, Hampton also begged, “I really need my cheerleading uniform back! A replica, something…it’s been long enough.” Unsurprisingly, social media audiences met Hampton’s eye-popping proclamation with shock and confusion. “I know what this says, but I cant quite understand what it says,” wrote a commentator. “My brain is trying to process what I just read lmao.” Others likened the questionable scenario to an “All That” skit. And many doubted the validity of Hampton’s account all together. “Now a days hard to believe what’s true and what’s not on tiktok. ppl will say anything for likes,” typed a skeptic. “People be saying anything online,” said another, to which Hampton replied, “Definitely true.”