A previously forgotten sixth co-defendant in the infamous Central Park Five rape case wept openly in a Manhattan courtroom Monday as his more than three decade-old conviction was overturned. Steven Lopez, 48, who as a teenager pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of robbing a male jogger, was cleared after Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg and his attorneys filed a motion to vacate the conviction. “Mr. Lopez was charged and pleaded guilty in the face of false statements, unreliable forensic analysis and immense external pressure,” Bragg told the court. Lopez’s exoneration came a full two decades after the convictions of his co-defendants in the 1989 case were overturned. The DA said a re-investigation of the case found Lopez, then 15, had “involuntarily” pleaded guilty in a deal with prosecutors. The probe, led by Assistant District Attorney Terri Rosenblatt in the Post-Conviction Justice Unit, was launched in March 2021 after Lopez approached prosecutors a month prior, asking for a review of his conviction. “Unique circumstances, combined with Mr. Lopez’s youth, made his plea involuntary – and therefore unconstitutional,” Bragg said. The DA’s office found that some evidence used at the time, such as “hair sample comparisons,” was unreliable. “Therefore, there remains no physical evidence connecting Mr. Lopez to the charged conduct,” Bragg said. Statements made by other young men at the time linking Lopez to the crime were later recanted, the DA noted. Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Ellen Biben agreed, granting the motion, vacating the plea and dismissing Lopez’ indictment. “Mr. Lopez, we wish you peace and healing,” Biben said. “Thank you,” Lopez replied, before shaking Bragg’s hand — visibly emotional with tears in his eyes — and bolting out of the courtroom. Lopez was arrested in 1989 along with five other black and Latino teens for  the horrific rape and beating of then-28-year-old white jogger Trisha Meili, a crime that shocked the city at a time of rising violent crime. He pleaded guilty to robbery, avoiding the more serious rape charges, and served four years in prison before being released in the early 1990s. Lopez’s co-defendants — who became known as the Central Park Five — were ultimately convicted at trial. They served six to 13 years in prison before their exoneration in 2002. Those convictions were tossed after a review of the case uncovered significant evidence had not been provided to the jury during trial, including DNA evidence that linked serial rapist Matias Reyes to the crime. Reyes also confessed to the attack and said he committed it alone, but the statement came after the statute of limitations expired. “They say justice delayed is justice denied,” Lopez’ attorney, Eric Renfro, said to him in court. “And I am sorry you had to wait 30 years, and I am sorry you had to wait 20 years for the exoneration.” The Central Park Five sued the city in 2003 for $250 million over their wrongful conviction and imprisonment. The lawsuit dragged on for over a decade, as then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg opposed a deal with the men. That position was later reversed by Mayor Bill de Blasio, and City Hall paid $41 million to settle the suit in 2014. The case sparked the critically acclaimed Ken Burns documentary, “The Central Park Five” in 2012 and the 2019 Netflix dramatization “When They See Us.” Lopez has not received any settlements for his wrongful prosecution.