His secret is out! The sexy “Clark Kent” look-alike who stole the show on Day 8 of the Capitol riot hearings has been identified. The internet went wild on Thursday, thirsting after the mysterious Superhunk who was seated in the first row behind witnesses Matthew Pottinger and Sarah Matthews. New York Magazine writer Yashar Ali teased that he knew that the attractive attendee is off the market. “The good looking man sitting behind Pottinger is not single,” he wrote. “That’s all I will say and that’s all you need to know!” But “Clark Kent” has since been identified as Alex Wollet, a 23-year-old medical student from Youngstown, Ohio. He graduated from Cardinal Mooney High School in 2017, where the 5-foot-10 student played basketball — wearing jersey No. 15 and sporting a Justin Bieber bowl cut circa 2009 — and went on to study neuroscience at Ohio State University. “The Man of Steal-your-spouse” is now currently living in Washington, DC, and completing a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health, TMZ reported. He’s also apparently involved in a university program to bring Columbus, Ohio, in alignment with the requirements of the EPA’s Clean Air Act. Wollet did not respond to a request for comment from The Post. He apparently switched his social media accounts to private and deleted his LinkedIn profile after he drove the internet wild. While the Select Committee on the January 6 attack presented evidence of former President Donald Trump’s alleged role in last year’s violent uprising at the Capitol, the internet was a little distracted by Wollet’s sharp jawline and obvious resemblance to Superman’s bespectacled reporter alter ego, Clark Kent. “Someone get this man a phone booth so that he can save democracy,” gushed one smitten Twitter fan, while another wrote, “I was distracted by Clark Kent…. anything interesting happen at the hearing?” One awestruck commenter quipped, “Why are people questioning Clark Kent’s presence at the Jan. 6 hearings? He’s obviously covering the event for the Daily Planet.” “When you have no idea you’re trending and about to walk out of that hearing to a modeling contract, a marriage proposal and a three-way,” fawned another fanboy. One Twitter wit attached a screenshot of the man adjusting his glasses with the caption: “This is so infuriating you got Clark Kent about to go full Superman.”