Victoria’s “secret” is getting out. Hulu’s latest docuseries “Victoria’s Secret: Angels and Demons,” out July 14, will expose the dark history behind the “t-ts and glitz” persona of the label. Directed and produced by Altimeter Films’ Matt Tyrnauer (“The Reagans,” “Studio 54”), the latest doc tells the tale of the lingerie brand and its longtime CEO, the larger-than-life, enigmatic billionaire Les Wexner. The trailer dropped Thursday dives deep into the underworld of fashion, the billionaire class and how infamous moneyman and sexual predator Jeffrey Epstein got his hooks into the brand. The iconic intimates company made an annual splash with its star-studded, nationally televised — and frequently controversial — fashion show that began in 1995, featuring supermodels Tyra Banks, Kendall Jenner, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and many more through the decades. “I told my modeling agency to call Victoria’s Secret, because they put girls on the map,” Naomi Campbell, 52, says in the clip. The show ceased operations in 2019 after a decline in viewership during the few years prior. Original Victoria’s Secret founder Roy Raymond sold the company to Wexner, the founder of L (formerly Limited) Brands, in 1982, who quickly grew it into a reportedly $7.5 billion dollar business alongside other shopping mall mainstays under the brand, including Bath & Body Works. Wexner, now 82, stepped down as CEO in 2021. But the mogul’s affiliation with Epstein was making headlines for two years prior, which is also being explored in the documentary. Says celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred in the clip, “There were a number of red flags and so many questions.” The disgraced financier killed himself in prison in August 2019 while awaiting trial on child sex-trafficking charges. Meanwhile, Ohio native Wexner previously claimed that he didn’t know what Epstein was doing to women. The teaser also gave viewers a quick taste of the fashion label’s rise and fall, revealing that “Victoria’s Secret lost connection with its customers” and why their sales decreased in recent years. “The brand had an outsized influence on the culture for many years,” Tyrnauer told WWD. “And what the series looks at is the shifts in the culture that made [Victoria’s Secret] irrelevant, non-viable and, eventually, almost existentially threatening to the brand.”