Elton John’s recent farewell shout-out to NYC brought up a crateful of memories: His 4,000 pairs of eyeglasses . . . For his fund-raiser, Sarah Ferguson posed nude celebrating his book “Four Inches” . . . Spent $20,000 on a diamond dog collar . . . Liz Hurley’s thanks was buying him $1,500 worth of cherry and tulip trees. His middle name? Hercules . . . Houseguested at Karl Lagerfeld’s Berlin pad . . . June 2000, I reported he broke his weekly $1.5 million budget . . . Sent Mary J. Blige a grand piano . . . To protect her grass, Queen Elizabeth banned his limo from Buckingham Palace grounds and he got driven in a golf cart. Loree Rodkin designed a $1,200 diamond ring for him that spelled “F - - k you” . . . In ’92, Donald Trump attended his concert with Miss Universe . . . At the same time, a Madison Square Garden guard sued him for $100 million. June 2012, someone thought he was Phil Collins . . . He’s said “Organized religion doesn’t work” . . . At a benefit, he bid for a walk-on in a “Superman” sequel but lost to a knight who bid $80,000. Your usual boring life. A week of goodbyes to friends. Paul Sorvino once coached Marla Maples for a TV pilot. In Boston’s Abe & Louie’s Steakhouse he pushed his line of supermarket sausages. Le Cirque asked him to sing opera while Woody Allen played the sax. In ’96 he hugged Quentin Tarantino when daughter Mira got Best Supporting for “Mighty Aphrodite.” He entertained at homeless shelters. And sang Italian songs at Patsy’s. Daughter Mira who dearly loved him: “We were once so poor I slept in a drawer.” Lou Dobbs on the state of our state: “November will be a tsunami. Only 18% of Biden’s party supports his re-election. Our border’s wide open. Two million illegal immigrants here in his first 18 months. Inflation double digits. Middle class pummeled. His foreign policy’s moronic. He moved 102,000 of our troops into Eastern Europe. To do what? “America’s government, brimming with political corruption, decided America’s people are their enemies. It’s all FBI investigations, Justice Department, political persecution. No major policy of this administration is in the interest of the American people. “Kamala can’t speak. She has no knowledge base. No way to even articulate an idea. The woman has word salad. “Envisioned by a Soviet-style Marxist operation, the Democratic Party’s screwing up public education. Indoctrinating children — talking sex with 5- to 9-year-olds in public schools instead of educating them while we watch what’s happening.” The problem with Lou Dobbs — who now does “The Great America Show” podcast on Google, Spotify, etc., five times a week — is that he just never has an opinion. CONVERSATION on Third Avenue: “Not nice to make fun of our president. He’s no dummy. The man’s multilingual. That is, if you count wheezing and hacking as a second language.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.