It’s gonna be a blast. Macy’s annual Fourth of July firework spectacle will light up the Big Apple tomorrow — but not all viewing spots are created equal. The dazzling 25-minute display of 48,000 shells will blast off five barges in the East River beginning at 9:25 p.m. Monday. Here are the eight best free spots to check out the pyrotechnical magic in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens. Formerly known as East River State Park, this 11-acre park in Williamsburg stretches along the East River near North 7th Street. Catch views of the Williamsburg Bridge and Midtown Manhattan as fireworks fly. 90 Kent Ave., Brooklyn This elevated waterfront lookout sits across from Hunter’s Point, Queens and offers a striking vantage point of fireworks unrivaled in Manhattan. FDR Drive between East 36th and East 41st streets, Murray Hill Behold fireworks bursting above Roosevelt Island and Long Island City from this small park with big views, including that of the Queensboro Bridge. Enter on Sutton Place between East 56th and East 57th streets This waterfront greenspace in Williamsburg stretches along the East River between North 9th and 12th Streets, with plenty of bars and restaurants nearby. Enter on Kent Avenue between North Ninth and North 12th streets, Williamsburg This 2-acre park has stunning views of Queens and Brooklyn as they’re illuminated by the fireworks. It offers unobstructed views just a few blocks south of the action. 24-20 FDR Drive Service Road East between 18th and 23rd streets, Gramercy Park This 12-acre “riverside oasis” in Queens boasts spectacular views of the Manhattan skyline, including the Empire State Building, according to the city. 4-09 47th Road, Long Island City, Queens This patch of land in Greenpoint has an open lawn, seating — and a waterfront esplanade with breathtaking views of the Manhattan skyline. For the best visibility, get there early and walk out onto the piers. End of Greenpoint Avenue, Greenpoint This East Side waterfront nook with a pavilion boasts views of the fireworks as they soar across the Queensboro Bridge. East 60th Street and FDR Drive, Midtown East