Michael Moore has written his own woke Independence Day “declaration,” railing against Republicans and insisting he will give up the privileges of his US citizenship — but stopped short of detailing any specific freedoms he would forgo in his rambling rant. The 68-year-old “Sicko” moviemaker posted his “My Declaration” on July 4 in response to “being completely fed up with recent events that have upset my tranquility.” “I refuse to live in a country threatened by white supremacy — and I’m not leaving. So we‘ve got a problem,” he started his manifesto. He then stated that he “cannot in good conscience continue to receive the privileges of ‘full citizenship'” following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, ending the national protection of abortion rights. That, he insisted, was a “Court decree” leaving women and girls “official second-class citizens with no rights to their own bodies and conscripted to a life of Forced Birth should they fall pregnant and not want to be.” However, the Flint, Michigan, native did not go as far as making any promises about exactly which privileges he would give up in protest at the Supreme Court’s controversial decision. Instead, he just said that “until women’s rights have been fully reinstated, and their equal rights are enshrined in our Constitution … I will not shut up about this,” he said. “If you invite me to dinner that’s all I’m gonna talk about. … And I won’t stop until Roe is reinstated and 51% of Congress is female,” he wrote. Moore also demanded “an end to the mass incarceration of Black Americans” and “an end to police shooting Black people.” He also vowed to tour the country and help organize a massive ‘Get Out The Vote’ drive among his followers to influence the upcoming elections. “I insist we remove every single Republican from office in November,” he wrote. “No candidate will get our support unless they sign a pledge stating they will vote to make Roe v. Wade the law of the land; make gerrymandering and voter suppression illegal; eliminate the filibuster; upgrade Obamacare to Universal Health Care for All; pass strong gun control laws; and end the police executions and racist incarcerations of Black citizens,” he wrote. He even offered to “help lead a national strike, in whatever form it needs to take,” warning, “Watch what happens when we shut down even 10% of the country. POOF! goes Wall Street! Hit ‘em where it counts.” The “Bowling for Columbine” filmmaker listed other complaints in a tweet pushing his online screed. “A mass shooting to celebrate the 4th. A wealthy class that doubled its wealth while the country suffered. A Supreme Court that stripped 51% of our citizens of their reproductive rights while removing gun laws & killing the EPA,” he said, introducing his “Declaration.” Moore’s manifesto was met with a mixed reception online. While many hailed his calls for action, others called it proof he was “an attention-seeking a–hole” and an “egomaniac.” “You still have to pay your taxes,” wrote Special Forces veteran and author Jim Hanson. Others challenged the filmmaker on what priveleges he planned to reject. “Will he waive his Social Security benefits? Opt out of Medicare? Shred his driver license and passport? Stop voting?” asked one Texan Twitter user, Blake Linton. “Alas, he’s obviously not giving up his free speech, since he vows to continue blathering.” Erick Aguilar, a candidate for Congress in Florida, told his followers, “Retweet if you want the clown [named] Michael Moore to LEAVE America!”