Now live: the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale 2022 preview. Now excited: all of us. There’s nothing like an annual sale (from one of our favorite retailers, may we add) to get us whipping out our credit cards and saying oh, yes to everything on our wishlists. The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is a wonderful time to pick up some baby and kids items for your registry (or the mom-to-be you know), along with top finds in fashion and home. The best of the best in skincare, makeup, fragrance and haircare are, much to our delight, all up for grabs, too. Since only the preview is live (read our exclusive interview with Nordstrom on the 411 for this year’s Anniversary Sale for more), you can start adding all the items you want at a discount to your shopping carts. If you want the first chance to buy the items on sale, sign up to be a Nordy Club cardmember to shop the sale before anyone else. Otherwise, you can reap all the discounts during public access on July 15. For the time being, get those beauty wish lists organized to add to your collection of flawless foundations and hair-boosting shampoos. Ahead, find the 20 best beauty deals from the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale we can’t wait to shop for ourselves. It’s a happy day for beauty lovers, and we’re embracing it head-on. Click to jump to a specific category: A new offering from BeautyBio, the Zen Skin Duo is the oil-free calming gel cream duo you need in your arsenal. One’s perfect for travel while the other is great to stash on your bathroom shelf, and the brand’s hydrating formula also serves as a wonderful makeup primer. It isn’t a summertime beauty soiree without Supergoop! hopping over to the party. The brand’s $90-value Sunscreen Set is just shy of $60 during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, giving your skin some protection this season — and throughout the year, too. As seen on Shark Tank, 54 Thrones’ African Beauty Butter is one of our personal favorites (ranked highly in our guide to the best body butters), much ado for its rich, luxurious texture. The hand and body salve is one we stash in our office desks, for reference. Let’s be real — Clinique’s Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion+ has been the star of the show among beauty counters everywhere. Now, and specially for the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, the duo contains one full-sized pump and one full-sized travel tube for versatility, so you’ll always stay hydrated. Power couples aren’t reserved just for Instagram. With TULA Skincare’s The Power Couple Set, you’re snagging four products — two cleansers and moisturizers in different sizes — so you’ll never be without its clean, fabulous consistency. For $70, this bundle is a steal. All hail Queen Charlotte for blessing us with Pillow Talk. Many eyes are on this Pillow Talk Lip Kit, featuring the acclaimed lipstick, lip liner and sheen. You just know you’re going to have all three on deck wherever you go, so $59 is a solid price to pay for this fan-favorite. Lancôme never disappoints, especially in the lash and eye-care arena. Snag two full-sized mascaras, a mascara primer and a miniature eye makeup remover for less than $75, which is often the price of two full-sized mascaras at any beauty supply counter. This one’s a special one, so add it to your wishlist and shopping cart ASAP. When it comes to blush, there’s none other like NARS’ Orgasm shade. For just $40, take two of them home with you for that natural, glowy flush that pairs well with any skin tone. Everyone’s an addict for Dior. Dior’s Addict Lip Set isn’t just going viral on all the socials right now, but it’s just that subtle, sought-after sheen to take you through night and day alike. Plus, the packaging is luxurious and the applicators are super plush and smooth. Hourglass is offering a wonderful duo this Nordstrom Anniversary Sale: its recently launched Veil Mineral Primer and years-popular Veil Setting Powder. We adore both — using them for our 9-to-5s and date nights alike — and it’s 100% worth the less-than-$75 grab. Treat yourself to Chloé’s Eau de Parfum Set for less than $100. Coming with the full-sized fragrance (which serves as a girly home decor piece, BTW) and a rollerball to stash in your work tote, the offer is remarkable at Nordstrom. Behold, Gucci’s Bloom Eau de Parfum Set. It’s the perfect must-buy (at a phenomenal $100+ off discount) for lovers of floral fragrances and serves as a lovely set to get to your holiday shopping super early. Plus, the three sizes are nice to have. Replica’s Jazz Club Set is chic, less than $100 and gives you the best of both worlds: a sweet-scented candle and a divine spritz-on fragrance. If you want to step up your fragrance game, this all-in-one set is a great place to start. If Elle Woods had to approve of just one bundle offered at Nordstrom during its Anniversary Sale, it would be Tom Ford’s Private Blend Rose Prick Eau de Parfum Set. For a limited time, take advantage of its price that’s lower than $400 — an exclusive, splurge-worthy buy you’ll always want to use. While not technically a perfume, Diptyque’s fragrances are like none other. The luxe, regal-leaning burners are now available in a four-piece gift set that anyone — and we repeat anyone — would be delighted to receive. Oh, and that packaging is just divine. If you’re like us and can use a stylist-grade set of haircare tools, then you need T3’s Luxe Brush Set. It comes with two flat brushes, one easy-to-use round brush (because we’ve all been through the it’s-stuck-in-my-hair feeling) and a wide-tooth comb for post-shower detangling. Alterna’s Replenishing Moisture Hair Care Set is one of the Nordstrom buys 100% worth the pick-me-up. Not only is the brand one of our favorite shampoos and hair conditioners we reviewed, but it’ll leave your hair with a thicker, shinier feel. We don’t even have to try to sell Drybar’s Blowout Essentials Set to you. The quality blow-dry brush and all the essentials — from its incredible dry shampoo and fresh-scented heat protectant — will have you styling your hair into salon-worthy perfection. For $155, it should be in your shopping cart. Behold: one of our favorite brands for shampoo and everything that follows within your haircare routine.  Moroccanoil has an extremely moisturizing consistency (which your hair will thank you for) and its top-rated leave-in treatment is premier in its class. If you’re in need of a new hair straightener with high-quality plates, GHD’s Black Platinum+ is the one for you. Not only is it less than $200 for a limited time but its compact, smooth-to-the strand nature is effective on any hair type after blow-drying. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.