First the 2016 Democratic nominee for president, Hillary Clinton, called patriotic, God-loving conservatives who make up half the country a “basket full of deplorables.” Then, in May, President Joe Biden compared those who oppose abortion and support the MAGA movement to extremists. And on Tuesday, the president fondly reminisced about having lunch with a former segregationist while a US senator. If that’s not hideous enough for Democratic apologists, on Monday while addressing a crowd in San Antonio, First Lady Jill Biden compared Hispanic and Latino Americans to breakfast tacos, prompting a sharp rebuke from the National Association of Hispanic Journalists. “NAHJ encourages @FLOTUS & her communications team to take time to better understand the complexities of our people & communities. We are not tacos. Our heritage as Latinos is shaped by various diasporas, cultures & food traditions. Do not reduce us to stereotypes,” the organization wrote in a tweet Monday. “Deplorables,” “extremists” and “tacos” are just a few insults and smears lobbed at fellow Americans by Democrats in Washington — when they’re not calling conservatives and Trump supporters “racist,” “sexist” and other “-ists,” harming the cultural fabric of our nation and widening divisions. But if you recall, the left and their sycophants in the establishment media were perpetually “outraged” and offended by virtually everything former President Donald Trump said, including his tweets, which set their collective hair on fire. Talk about glass houses. What’s become evident in modern American politics today is that Democrats can dish it out when it comes to insults and inflammatory rhetoric, but they can’t take it when something offends them. In those cases, they opt for more name-calling, “canceling” those who hold different viewpoints or all-out censorship, a political tool used by totalitarian regimes like China to suppress dissent. This was evidenced by Vice President Kamala Harris’ calls for Twitter to ban Trump from the social-media network during the 2019 Democratic presidential debate — a gross violation of free speech — and unprecedented in American history. Harris said Trump’s tweets were “irresponsible” and “erratic.” But she said nothing of her current boss glorifying lunch with racist segregationists on the White House lawn last  week during a congressional picnic, which disturbingly included shoutouts by Biden to the late Sen. James Eastland, a former Democrat lawmaker from Mississippi who “often spoke of Blacks as an inferior race,” according to The New York Times. Never mind that Biden’s second-in-command, Kamala Harris, is the first African-American female vice president in history, or that his former boss, Barack Obama, is also black. Or that black voters helped deliver the presidency to Biden in 2020. At minimum, Biden’s words were tone-deaf and racially insensitive. At worst, they were disqualifying for him to hold any elected public office. Nevertheless, the left despicably calls fellow Americans (if they vote Republican) “racists,” “terrorists” and fill-in-the-blank atrocious smears, no matter how damaging their extreme rhetoric hurts the country and divides us, while getting offended themselves by virtually everything — including perfectly normal things like a woman calling herself a “mother” versus a “birthing person.” Take last week’s heated exchange between Sen. Josh Hawley (R-Mo.) and Berkeley law professor Khiara Bridges during a Senate hearing about the impact of the Supreme Court’s recent decision to reverse Roe v. Wade and whether men can get pregnant. Bridges repeatedly referred to “people with a capacity for pregnancy,” versus women. When Hawley pressed her on this and whether abortion rights were a “women’s issue,” she stunningly accused the lawmaker of being transphobic and cultivating violence against the trans community. “The Democrats say what they really think: Men can get pregnant and if you disagree, you are ‘transphobic’ and responsible for violence,” Hawley tweeted Tuesday. And yet the mainstream media told us for years while Trump was in office that he was a “white nationalist,” a “racist” and a “madman” unfit to lead the nation. This is the same media that told voters to elect Biden, who continues to fondly reminisce about his chummy relationship with racist segregationists in 2022. It’s no wonder voters have lost trust in the media. Do you blame them?