We’re just a few days from our first sights of the NFL season as rookies begin to report for training camp. Today, we’ll head West to wrap up our AFC win totals preview before moving on to the NFC later in the week. Provided by BetMGM Kansas City has the shortest price on the board at +155, while Los Angeles is next at +230. The Broncos are available at +260, while the Raiders have the longest odds at +650. As we’ve done in our other previews, we’ll use each team’s strength of schedule as part of the foundation for our analysis while identifying any key roster moves during the offseason. The final thing to note is the scheduling composition for the AFC West, as each team will have the following: After winning 10 games in 2021, the Las Vegas Raiders are projected to take a step back with a win total of 8.5 games this season. Perhaps the logic is that something has to give, considering that the AFC West got even stronger following the arrival of Russell Wilson (73.9 PFF grade) to the Denver Broncos. However, the Raiders also improved in the offseason after acquiring wide receiver Davante Adams (92.7 PFF grade) from Green Bay in exchange for a 2022 first and second-round pick. Adams will be joining by other key free agent acquisitions such as defensive end Chandler Jones (70.4 PFF grade), defensive tackle Bilal Nichols (61.3 PFF grade), and cornerback Rock Ya-Sin (69.9 PFF grade). If we turn to the draft, the Raiders didn’t have a pick in the first two rounds after sending their first and second-round picks to Green Bay as part of the Adams trade. However, when the Raiders finally picked in the third round, they selected interior offensive lineman Dylan Parham (90th pick) out of Memphis. In the fourth round, Las Vegas was busy wheeling and dealing as it traded up to grab Georgia running back Zamir White (122nd pick) and LSU nose tackle Neil Farrell (126th pick). The Raiders then used their fifth-round pick on Tennessee defensive tackle Matthew Butler (175th pick), who many projected to go in the fourth round. Their final two selections were in the seventh round with Ohio State offensive tackle Thayer Munford (238th pick) and another running back in UCLA’s Brittain Brown (250th pick). Overall, the Raiders’ picks received favorable marks given the quality of players that fell to them in the draft. And with former Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels taking over as head coach following Jon Gruden’s resignation, this season should have more stability than last year. While there’s no question the Raiders play in a tough division, they’ll have a winnable stretch of games following their bye in Week 6, where they’ll face the Texans, Saints, Jaguars, and Colts. Those four non-divisional games should be critical for the Raiders’ win total, but I ultimately like their chances to go over. The Broncos are probably the most challenging team to handicap in this division because it requires assessing how many wins will be attributable to the arrival of Russell Wilson (73.9 PFF grade). And after winning seven games last year, Denver would need four more to go over this season’s win total. That’s quite a jump for any quarterback, let alone a former Super Bowl winner like Wilson. The task certainly won’t get any easier given the strength in this AFC West. Denver prioritized solidifying their offensive line to protect Wilson by adding Tom Compton (86.5 PFF grade), Billy Turner (66.2 PFF grade), and Ben Braden (56.9 PFF grade). Randy Gregory (78.6 PFF grade) should help strengthen the Broncos’ defensive front seven, while safety J.R. Reed (71.6 PFF grade) and K’Waun Williams (63.3 PFF grade) are new additions to their secondary. Although the Broncos didn’t have a first-round pick, they made the most of their second-round selection by adding an All-American and an All-Big 12 selection in Oklahoma linebacker Nik Bonitto (64th pick). In the third round, Denver added UCLA tight end Greg Dulcich (80th pick), who was widely considered the second-best player at his position. Denver’s next three picks were on the defensive side of the ball with Pittsburgh’s Damarri Mathis (115th pick), tackle Eyioma Uwazurike (116th pick), and Delarrin Turner-Yell (152nd pick). Wide receiver Montrell Washington (162nd pick) is another Sooner selected by the Broncos, while center Luke Wattenberg (171st pick) was their final pick in the fifth round. In the sixth round, Denver focused again on its defense by adding two Wisconsin players in tackle Matt Henningsen (206th pick) and cornerback Faion Hicks (232nd pick). While the Broncos received plenty of positive reviews for their offseason moves, the team will still need some time to gel under a new head coach Nathaniel Hackett. According to Action Network’s predictive analyst Sean Koerner, the Broncos have the tenth most challenging schedule heading into the season. Thus, winning 11 games might be too much to ask for this newly assembled Denver team in this spot. I’d recommend playing the Broncos under their win total of 10.5 games. With everything on the line for a possible playoff berth, the Los Angeles Chargers fell short in their 35-32 overtime road loss against the Raiders in Week 18. Los Angeles ultimately finished with a 9-8 record despite a 4-1 start to the season. Yet while Chargers head coach Brandon Staley got the job thanks to an impressive year as a defensive coordinator with the Rams, he struggled to match that same success in his first year in control. According to Football Outsiders, Los Angeles ranked 26th in defensive DVOA. It’ll be interesting to see what adjustments Staley can make in his second year. The perception is he was too stubborn to deviate from his principles as a rookie head coach. For example, Staley liked to play with a light box up front. This means fewer than six defenders, with the remainder in the secondary to support his dime and nickel packages. As a result, the Chargers essentially invited teams to run the ball against them while placing more emphasis on their pass defense. But in addition to ranking 30th in rushing yards allowed (138.9) per game, the Chargers were dead last in getting off the field on third down as opposing teams converted 49.54 percent of their opportunities. Los Angeles took strides to address their defensive woes by trading for a former All-Pro linebacker in Khalil Mack (73.0 PFF grade). J.C. Jackson (82.7 PFF grade) and Sebastian Joseph-Day (61.6 PFF grade) should provide further support on the defensive line. In the draft, the Chargers used their top pick to provide more protection for quarterback Justin Herbert by drafting Boston College guard Zion Johnson (16th pick) with their first-round pick. The Chargers then selected Baylor safety JT Woods (79th pick) in the third round. Running back Isaiah Spiller (123rd pick) was the Chargers’ next pick in the fourth round, while UCLA lineman Otito Ogbonnia (160th pick) was their fifth-round selection. In the sixth round, the Chargers selected Georgia offensive guard Jamaree Salyer (64th pick). Their next two picks were on cornerbacks with Wake Forest’s Ja’Sir Taylor (214th pick) and Mississippi’s Deane Leonard (236th pick). However, despite the Chargers’ apparent improvements, I think their success will depend on whether Staley will be willing to change his overall philosophy. Historically the Bolts tend to disappoint when the expectations are high, so I’m not ready to go all-in on the Chargers right now.  We’ll learn a lot about how good this Chiefs offense is following the departure of their three-time All-Pro wide receiver Tyreek Hill (85.9 PFF grade) to the Miami Dolphins. Frankly, I’m not sure if the Chiefs have another wide receiver on their roster that will command the double teams Hill received and still lead the team with a 25 percent target share. But Hill isn’t the only departure as the Chiefs will be without four of their top six pass catchers. And when you add in a very challenging division, there are too many unknowns for me to get involved on a particular side for their win total. Moreover, this time around, Kansas City will have to overcome the NFL’s toughest strength of schedule. In addition to Hill leaving the team, Kansas City will also be without edge rusher Melvin Ingram III (85.9 PFF grade), safety Tyrann Mathieu (67.3 PFF grade), cornerbacks Charvarius Ward (65.7 PFF grade), and Mike Hughes (79.6 PFF grade). JuJu Smith-Schuster (59.2 PFF grade) and Marquez Valdes-Scantling (66.1 PFF grade) will replace the outgoing wide receivers, while Justin Reid (50.9 PFF grade) will have big shoes to fill at safety. With plenty of holes to fill, Kansas City was busy in the draft by selecting Washington cornerback Trent McDuffie 21st and Purdue edge rusher George Karlaftis 30th. In the second round, the Chiefs added a speedy wide receiver in Western Michigan’s Skyy Moore (54th pick), followed by Cincinnati’s safety Bryan Cook eight picks later. Their next two picks were defensive players with Wisconsin linebacker Leo Chenal (103rd pick) and Fayetville State’s cornerback Joshua Williams (135th pick). Kentucky offensive lineman Darian Kinnard went 145th, while the final three picks were Washington State cornerback Jalen Watson (243rd pick), Rutgers running back Isaih Pacheco (251st pick), and Marshall safety Nazeeh Johnson (259th pick). Overall, Kansas had 10 picks and received an A+ draft grade from PFF based on the value of the players they selected. Remember that we’ve yet to see this Chiefs team win fewer than 12 games with Mahomes as their starting quarterback. Usually, I’d blindly look to play the Chiefs over their win total. However, given the improvement in the division, I can’t commit to more than a lean at the moment.