Joe Rogan said the Vatican was “filled with pedophiles and stolen art” during his most recent broadcast of his wildly popular podcast, “The Joe Rogan Experience,” which is streamed on Spotify. Rogan said during the episode that the crimes of the Catholic Church weren’t generating enough public “outrage” similar to other scandals, including the sex crimes of Jeffrey Epstein. “Like why isn’t everybody really freaking out about — I was just in Italy and one of the things that’s nuts is the Vatican is a country,” Rogan told his guests and fellow podcasters Francis Foster and Konstantin Kisin. “It’s a country filled with pedophiles. It’s a country filled with pedophiles and stolen art.” Rogan continued: “It’s a small, like hundred yard — Like what is it? A hundred acres, I think.” “Yeah. It’s a hundred acre rather, country inside of a city filled with pedophiles.” “Yeah, absolutely,” Foster responded. “This is why I love America, man,” Kisin said. “Cause in the UK, we have libel laws. So if you say something like that and you then have to be able to prove it, otherwise you can get sued.” “Well, you can kind of prove that,” Rogan said. “I mean I read the other day that — I think it was until five, six years ago, the age of consent in the Vatican City was 12 years old,” Foster said. The Vatican raised its legal age of consent from 12 to 18 years of age in 2013. Rogan then mentioned the Catholic Church’s pedophilia scandal, prompting victims to seek charges against Pope Benedict XVI. “The Benedict (XVI) guy, he was wanted in other countries for crimes against humanity,” Rogan said. “I mean like what he was doing was really evil. He was moving offenders to other places and one of them he moved a guy that went on to molest a hundred deaf kids!” “I mean, this guy was already molesting and then they say, well, let’s just instead of trying him and removing him from the church. We will just move him to a place where people can’t hear here,” Rogan continued. “I mean, it’s amazing how people cover this stuff up,” Kisin said. The Post has reached out to the Archdiocese of New York and the Holy See’s de facto embassy in Washington, DC, seeking comment.