The Florida home where Bernie Madoff’s older sister, Sondra Wiener, shot her husband, Marvin Wiener, to death before shooting herself in a murder-suicide plot is up for sale, The Post can report. Located in Boynton Beach, in the Valencia Lakes neighborhood, the three-bedroom, two-bathroom house is listed at $550,000. The Wieners purchased the waterfront abode, spanning 2,170 square feet, in 2009 for $315,000. In February, detectives from the Palm Beach sheriff’s office were called to the elderly couple’s home, where they discovered their bodies in the garage. Sondra, 87, and Marvin, 90, were considered Madoff victims in his $64.8 billion Ponzi scheme, having invested millions in his firm. The couple moved into the home after having to sell their 3,409-square-foot Palm Beach Gardens pad for $575,000 — $75,900 less than they paid for it in 2003. The move to sell that residence also came as they were sued by other Madoff victims. “It seems like she was a victim in this,” a former neighbor, who was told Sondra was selling her property in the hopes of starting over, previously told The Post. “It didn’t seem like she saw it coming. What kind of person scams their own sister?” Meanwhile, although Wiener was not connected to Madoff Securities, her son Charles had worked there since 1998. He was listed as director of administration in 2000. Speaking to The Post in 2009, shortly after the scandal erupted, Charles said his family had lost everything, and he too was forced to put his Long Island home up for sale. “It’s emotionally devastating to our entire family,” Charles, said at his Centerport, LI, home, which he was forced to put on the market after the “devastating financial loss” Uncle Bernie forced upon his family. “Yes, my family’s a victim. More so than anybody else. It’s very painful,” Sondra and Marvin’s second son, David also told The Post in 2009. Built in 1997, the Wieners’ final home boasts waterfront views, a lanai and a huge primary suite, according to the listing. The neighborhood comes with a resort-style clubhouse with amenities, including a pool, fitness area, cafe, aerobics studio, card rooms, three pool tables, and arts and crafts rooms. Still, there’s a not-too-distant dark past. Deputies received a call at 12:55 p.m. on Feb. 17  about the couple being unresponsive in their residence, authorities said. “Upon arrival, deputies located an elderly female and male deceased from a gunshot wound,” the sheriff’s office said. Tragic deaths have plagued the family since the scheme came to light. Bernie’s son, Mark Madoff, hanged himself in his New York apartment on the second anniversary of his father’s arrest, Dec. 11, 2010, at 46. Three years later, his older brother, Andrew Madoff, died of mantle-cell lymphoma. He was 48. Bernie who pleaded guilty in 2009 to running the Ponzi scheme, died in a federal lockup in Butner, NC, in April as he was serving a 150-year sentence. He was 82. Charles Wiener PA with RE/MAX Advantage Plus holds the listing.