New Broncos quarterback Russell Wilson took team bonding to another level on Monday at the Denver opening of his and wife Ciara’s new retail store, The House of LR&C. Broncos wide receivers K.J. Hamler and Jerry Jeudy attended the grand opening at Park Meadows in Lone Tree — which is located about 16 miles from Empower Field at Mile High — where they danced alongside Ciara to her new song “Jump,” according to videos posted on her Instagram Story. “I live for this moment!” Ciara wrote over a clip that featured Jeudy and Hamler. “The broski @jerryjeudy dat boi feet nice doh! @dangerusswilson can’t win to see the boys on the field together!” Jeudy showed off some stellar footwork in a dance circle with the Grammy-winning singer, while Hamler smiled while rocking a pair of tinted shades. In a separate video, Wilson said the Denver store is the couple’s “lucky No. 3” retail location, and that they plan to open a total of 10 retail spaces by early 2023, including in Los Angeles and Scottsdale. “I’m so proud of you,” Wilson said in another video with Ciara from the event. “This woman is a boss lady, a bad bad woman. She does it all.” The House of LR&C offers sustainably-sourced products from the couple’s clothing lines, Good Man Brand, LITA by Ciara, Human Nation, and their children’s line, 3BRAND. Wilson and Ciara are fresh off a show-stopping appearance at the 2022 ESPY Awards, where they served as presenters last week. The couple introduced the Pat Tillman Award for Service and gave a touching tribute to the recipient, Command Sergeant Major Gretchen Evans. Wilson, 33, and Ciara, 36, have been busy traveling this offseason while also attending red-carpet and sporting events. The power couple has also spent time immersing themselves in the Denver community after relocating to Colorado in March — when the Seahawks dealt the quarterback to the Broncos in a blockbuster trade. Wilson will return to Seattle for the first time since the trade in Week 1, when the Broncos face the Seahawks on “Monday Night Football.”