Elon Musk said former President Donald Trump should not run for a second term, arguing that he’s too old and “too much drama.” The Tesla CEO, who had vowed to reinstate Trump’s Twitter account before he moved to terminate the $44 billion acquisition of the social media giant, responded late Monday to a Twitter post from Breitbart News that included a clip of Trump slamming the tech mogul as “another bulls–t artist.” “I don’t hate the man, but it’s time for Trump to hang up his hat & sail into the sunset,” the world’s richest person tweeted in response to Trump’s comments. Musk added: “Dems should also call off the attack — don’t make it so that Trump’s only way to survive is to regain the Presidency.” When Musk got pushback online from a Trump supporter, he responded: “Trump would be 82 at end of term, which is too old to be chief executive of anything, let alone the United States of America.” “Do we really want a bull in a china shop situation every single day!?” Musk added. “Also, I think the legal maximum age for start of Presidential term should be 69.” Musk wrote that Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis would be a shoo-in for the presidency if he were to win the Republican nomination and square off against the incumbent, Joe Biden. “If DeSantis runs against Biden in 2024, then DeSantis will easily win — he doesn’t even need to campaign,” according to Musk. While DeSantis has been talked about as a potential challenger to Trump, he has given no indication he plans to run. Polls show Trump defeating any Republican for the GOP nomination in 2024. Another Trump supporter tweeted that Musk’s response “makes no sense” and proceeded to run down a list of several of Trump’s accomplishments during his first four years in office. “What — on policy — did you have an issue with?” the pro-Trump Twitter user asked. “Yeah, but too much drama,” according to Musk. Trump called Musk a “bulls–t artist” as he stumped for Republican midterm candidates in Anchorage, Alaska, Saturday night. Trump, 76, told supporters he predicted the world’s richest man would not go through with buying Twitter as he bashed the platform that banned him and promoted his Truth Social social media company. Musk, 51, backed out of a $44 billion deal to buy the company Friday after he claimed it failed to provide information about its fake accounts. Trump also claimed the SpaceX and Tesla boss voted for him and then lied about it. “You know, he said the other day, ‘Oh, I’ve never voted for a Republican.’ I said, ‘I didn’t know that, he told me he voted for me.’ So he’s another bulls–t artist,” the Republican said. Musk tweeted in response that this wasn’t true.