WASHINGTON — President Biden made a previously unscheduled appearance Friday afternoon as part of an apparent effort by the administration to demonstrate that he remains healthy enough to lead the nation during his second day of treatment for COVID-19. Biden, 79, gave a thumbs-up as reporters shouted questions about how he was feeling — moments after emitting a phlegmy cough as White House economist Cecilia Rouse spoke. Reporters were allowed into the afternoon event in the White House-adjacent Eisenhower Executive Office Building on short notice to see Biden speak about gas prices via video feed from the second-floor White House residence “Let me start by apologizing for my voice, I’m feeling much better than I sound,” the president said. Biden’s surprise event delayed the regular White House press briefing, where press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre and the administration’s coronavirus response coordinator Dr. Ashish Jha took turns describing the president as being in good shape — while dodging repeated questions about why his physician, Dr. Kevin O’Connor, wasn’t directly fielding questions. “A couple hours ago, at 11:00, you got a detailed letter from Dr. O’Connor,” said Jean-Pierre at one point, referencing a note in which O’Connor wrote that Biden had an elevated temperature of 99.4°F on Thursday night, but that “[h]is temperature has remained normal since then.” The press secretary read out the letter at the top of the briefing. “We’ve given you two detailed letters from Dr. O’Connor and you’ve heard directly from him,” Jean-Pierre insisted in response to a question about why the doctor was being kept from the media. “We haven’t,” another reporter interrupted. “We haven’t heard directly from him.” “Yes, you have,” Jean-Pierre shot back. “You’ve heard from the letter. That is hearing directly from him. We’re not playing telephone here. You’re hearing directly from the physician … In his words, you are hearing directly from Dr. O’Connor, as I read out.” Earlier in the briefing, Jha gave a prosaic summary of Biden’s activities: “We FaceTimed with the president earlier today. I also spoke at length multiple times today with Dr. O’Connor. And as you all saw just a few minutes ago, the president is doing better. He slept well last night.” Jha then added that Biden “ate his breakfast and lunch — fully. He showed me his plate. I didn’t ask about the menu but I did see an empty plate with crumbs and I have some guesses about what was there, but didn’t ask.” “I did ask him about his appetite,” Jha went on. “He joked that his one regret was that his appetite had not changed. Look, he is, he was, he is in a very good mood.” Jean-Pierre said that the White House had identified 17 people who were close contacts of Biden, according to the CDC’s definition — including Vice President Kamala Harris — and that none of them have tested positive. Biden’s advanced age and asthma put him at higher risk of serious illness, but he’s also quadruple-vaccinated — lowering his risk — and is on a five-day regimen of antiviral drug Paxlovid. O’Connor also suspended Biden’s use of two heart medications Thursday after his diagnosis. At the afternoon event, Biden proclaimed that “gas prices have fallen every day this summer — for 38 days in a row. You know, you can find gas for $3.99 or less at more than 30,000 gas stations in more than 35 states.” The president added that “we’ve been working really hard to bring the price down,” referring to his order in March to release a million barrels per day from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, before calling on oil companies to drill more on existing federal leases and asked refiners to help lower prices at the pump. The average price of a regular gallon of gas hit an all-time high of more than $5 per gallon last month, contributing to the worst inflation since 1981 and helping send Biden’s approval rating as low as 30%. Rouse, however, warned that a reduction in prices may not be permanent and the price of gas remains $1.25 per gallon more expensive than one year ago, according to AAA data. “Energy markets remain highly volatile,” she warned. “And that’s especially true in the current environment with the additional disruption created by [Russian President Vladimir] Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. So oil prices could rise again and it’s very difficult to reliably predict where these prices will be over the longer term.”