We’ve arrived at our final picks column for the 3M Open, so it’s time to throw some darts! Fresh off hitting Cameron Young to lead after day one of the Open Championship — our third FRL cash since the Memorial — we return with a new quartet to start strong Thursday at TPC Twin Cities. This week, I’m once again deciding to stay away from the favorites as my statistical model sees some value further down the board. With that in mind, here are the four players I’m targeting to be the first-round leader at the 3M Open. All odds come courtesy of Fanduel Sportsbook and are reflective at time of writing. I’ve already made my case for Riley this week in my best derivative bets, but he also profiles well as a first-round leader. Over his last 24 qualifying opening rounds, Riley sits fifth overall in my first-round statistical model. Across that span, he’s 10th or better in four key categories — GIRs gained (8th), birdies or better gained (2nd), bogey avoidance (9th) and SG: Par 4’s (4th). Although he’s a disappointing 46th in SG: Approach in that 24-round span, that key metric has improved of late. Across his last 12 opening rounds, Riley ranks 23rd in that measure. Just over his previous eight opening rounds, he’s 21st. If Riley can continue that upward movement with his irons, I give him a great chance to lead after Thursday. Given he consistently ranks in the top-20 percentile of both birdies gained and bogey avoidance and sits 12th on tour in first-round scoring this season, I believe +3700 is a fair price. Davis has played outstanding golf in recent weeks — two top-10’s in his last four starts — a record that extends to his opening rounds. Over the last four rounds, no player beats Davis in my opening-round statistical model. Additionally, the Aussie is 15th or better in both my eight- and 12-round measures before a drop-off across his last 24 rounds (32nd in that model). In terms of his best output, though, Davis ranks first in GIRs gained, second in birdies or better gained and fourth in SG: Approach. He’s also 11th in bogey avoidance and 12th in SG: Par 4’s. Additionally, Davis is third in SG: Total since June 1st while ranking third in SG: Ball Striking. Given he’s gained strokes putting in two consecutive appearances at TPC Twin Cities, expect his ball-striking prowess to lead to a strong opening round. It’s only a slight edge, but I would play Davis at +4000 or better based on those trends. Svensson hasn’t appeared at the 3M Open since its debut in 2019, but his game should suit this course well. Over his last 12 opening rounds, Svensson leads the field in my statistical model. There’s also not many glaring weaknesses either — Svensson is no worse than 26th in any of the 10 individual measures. Most impressively, he’s third in bogey avoidance, sixth in good drives gained and 11th in SG: Approach. Additionally, even though he’s tied for 47th on tour this season in first-round scoring, Svensson is ninth in this field in SG: Total over his last 24 opening rounds. Just over his last 12 opening rounds, he’s fourth in SG: Total.  It’s also worth noting Svensson led after the opening round in his last start (the Barbasol Championship) and has fired an opening round of level-par or better in four of his last seven outings. Add in Svensson shot under-par or better in all four of his rounds at TPC Twin Cities in 2019 and I’ll back him at +4000 or better to lead after Thursday. Clark failed me spectacularly last week in Scotland, but I’m not about to give up on him just yet. Dating back to June 1st, Clark leads the 3M Open field in SG: Total in the first-round. Additionally, he’s first in SG: Putting, third in SG: T2G and fourth in SG: Approach. Plus, in his last four events on U.S. soil, Clark has a remarkable record in opening rounds. He was a shot back of the lead at the Memorial, led at the Canadian Open and was even-par or better at both the U.S. Open and Travelers. At the latter, he was only four shots off the pace. In terms of his statistical modeling output, Clark profiles better with a smaller sample size. He’s sixth in the field over his last eight opening rounds, down from eighth overall across his previous 12 rounds. In terms of the former model, Clark sits second in the field in birdies or better gained and ninth in the field in bogey avoidance. Although he’s 56th in good drives gained, I’m encouraged by the fact he’s 21st in SG: Approach. Lastly, he leads the field in SG: Par 4’s over that span and sits 13th or better in both putting metrics. Add in he’s eighth on tour in first-round scoring and I’m willing to get burned by Clark again.