An iconic mother-daughter duo took over the runway at Miami Swim Week. Fitness legend Denise Austin, 65, and her daughter Katie Austin — a 29-year-old Sports Illustrated Swimsuit rookie — strutted on the catwalk together hand-in-hand for SI’s runway show on Saturday. Denise showed off her fit physique in a brown bikini, while Katie stunned in a cream-colored two-piece. The mother-daughter duo flashed smiles while flexing their arms at the end of the runway before they danced and shared a hug. They became the first mother and daughter to walk the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit runway. Denise — who initially rose to popularity in the ’80s because of her various fitness shows — called it “a once in a lifetime moment” to share the runway with her daughter. “I feel so grateful that Sports Illustrated Swimsuit invited me to walk the show with Katie. As a 65 year old, I’m also so proud of represent moms of all ages — and that it’s never too late,” Denise said. “Me at 65 in a bikini… with my little girl!!!!!! Pure joy!!” she wrote on Instagram, including a video of the catwalk moment. “What a special moment!!!,” Katie wrote in a separate Instagram post. Katie made her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit debut in 2021 as part of the Swim Search and was named an official rookie for the 2022 issue, along with Jared Goff’s fiancée Christen Harper. “My mom is my inspiration for everything. She’s my biggest supporter, mentor, best friend who highly encouraged me to do Sports Illustrated Swimsuit, so the fact I can walk with her in the show is a full circle moment,” said Katie, a popular fitness personality who has her own app that offers on-demand workouts and healthy recipes. “She’s guided me throughout my career and helped me get to where I am today. Showing that mother-daughter bond in an event like this is going to be so special. In the past SI events, I always call her so excited to tell her every detail, but now we can experience it together! I’m thrilled she can be with all of us this weekend and see how amazing the entire SI team, girls, and community is like in real life because it is unmatched. It’s going to be an unforgettable experience.” Like mother, like daughter.