Repeat it with us: it’s not too late to buy summer bikinis and one-piece swimwear. After all, cruise-season is also upon us! Just when you thought you already had all your beach and poolside essentials on deck, think again. For the first time ever, women’s comfort-first brand Lively is hosting 40% off its swimwear selects — and we’re all about it. We absolutely adore the fun prints yet simplistic options that’ll have you feel and look good to wherever you’re headed. Oh, and to reiterate: everything is so comfortable. How do we know? Well, it’s one of our favorite destinations for bras (including push-up bras), undies and even loungewear, so you know its water-ready styles are made with next-level comfort in mind. Ahead, find the top best swimwear pieces we’re swooning over and ready to buy in one add-to-cart motion. For your last-chance summer grab, this is the place to be. Be sure to use code SPLASH40 for 40% off. While you’re at it, check out more of our beach-themed guides: best swimsuit cover-ups, best beach wagons, best polarized sunglasses, best beach umbrellas. From the sweet tie detail to the flattering bottoms, we love everything about The Rucked Plunge Bralette and the matching Ruched Bikini bottoms. It’s available in a bunch of punchy colors (including bright yellow, which we adore), and you’ll be head-to-toe stylish for the rest of summer in this fit. Coastal cabana stripe, oh how we love you! Add some nautical flair to your wardrobe with Lively’s Plunge Bralette and matching High Waist bottoms. Plus, the vertical stripes will make you appear taller, while the white color will make you appear tanner (double bonus!) The skinny spaghetti strap design has our heart, and The Bandeau and The Bikini are two summertime staples to pick up immediately during Lively’s sale. Available in a few different colors, it’s a great grab — especially this black color, which is so versatile. Meet one of our new favorite one-piece suits: The Straight Up One Piece. Now for less than $50, you’ll love this pop-art style print, comfortable fit and modest design. Whether you’re off to the pool or beach, it’s a lovely one to sport. For all the busty ladies, we found the swimsuit for you. Pick up the Ribbed Busty Swim Bralette and matching High Waist bottoms for a set that’ll make you feel comfortable and unbothered all summer long. Plus, the dark teal is oh-so-lovely. High-waist bottoms meet a thick-banded design with this bikini. We love the combination of teal and baby pink that works on every body type and skin color. We think you should buy it, too, along with us. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.