Abercrombie & Fitch, otherwise known as the brand making a comeback (and a fierce one at that!), is hosting a fabulous limited-time sale to satisfy your mid-summer stock-up. For a limited time, the retailer is offering 20% off sitewide, making us want to whip out our credit cards and indulge in the classic cuts and flattering fits. From women’s jeans (including the infamous Curve Love line we reviewed) to men’s swim trunks, Abercrombie has the quality basics and statement pieces alike to have you feelin’ fresh for any occasion. What’s more, the retailer has proved itself to be a  stellar suite for all things swimwear — from bikinis to one-pieces. In fact, its tops, bottoms, cover-ups and more are trending right now (in other words, get on the sale before everyone else does). Ahead, shop our 16 favorite pieces from Abercrombie’s limited-time sale we adore. You won’t be disappointed, and just know we’re right there with you shopping, too. Click to jump to a specific category: For all men’s sale items, click here. Now trending: Abercrombie’s Linerless Pull-On Swim Trunk. For $30 off right now, enjoy the classic navy bottoms that are made from quick-dry, four-way-stretch material. Its fully elastic waistband and relaxed-fit, luckily, comes in three other colors and prints to choose from. We’re about to put you on to some of the best chinos. This functional pair provides shape to your outfit (so you can pair it with all of the baggy tops of your dreams) though is roomy. Its built-in stretch material provides even more comfort, too — so much so that you’ll want to pick these up in navy blue and black aside from this dark khaki hue. Whether you’re off to the golf course or off to work, Abercrombie’s Textural Button-Through Sweater Polo is a must-buy. Namely, it’s a top-tier men’s polo boasting a lightweight sweater-knit fabric and a super on-trend textural design. For less than $60 right now, it’s a pure steal. Men’s shorts come in all different shapes and sizes, but we can’t get enough of the YPB 7″ Unlined Training Short. They’re the unspoken perfect pair of bottoms for any type of workout, especially as they feature a drawstring waistband, breathable fabric, side pockets and — impressively — a hidden zipper pocket to store personal items. Denim, undoubtedly, will never go out of style. Now for 20% off, Abercrombie’s Denim Trucker Jacket is an everyday essential we love, much ado for its groovy hardware that’s edgy yet still versatile. Not to mention, it can be dressed up or down, hoodie or button-down. For all of the formal occasions you have on deck, let Abercrombie’s Tab Front Slim Straight Suit Pant serve you well. Notably, its classic silhouette deems them the perfect dress pants, especially when paired with a signature tie. We all crave comfort when catching those ZZZs, right? Well, with the Crest Logo Sleep Shirt, it’s possible — and for less than $50. It’s soft fabric is too good to be true and we couldn’t recommend anything more divine to sleep in. Pride is celebrated year-round (at least in our book), and what better way to support the LGBTQ+ community and refresh your nightstand drawer than with this 5-Pack of Boxer Briefs? In collaboration with The Trevor Project, a crisis support nonprofit for LGBTQ+ youth, Abercrombie has this comfortable pair on sale to make you feel good about your purchase. For all women’s sale items, click here. We’re all heart eyes about the Terry Wide Strap Underwire Bikini Top. Not only is this sultry red color to die for (along with its 10 other colors), but the unlined cups, flattering wide straps and back hook is designed to be flattering on all body types. Oh, you knew we were going to include a solid pair of Abercrombie jeans in our edit. For a limited time, grab the retailer’s High Rise Mom Jean for $20 off, its distressed details and clean hem is one we want in our closet ASAP. While we love white dresses and midi dresses, we can’t neglect the tried-and-true maxi. The Button-Through Maxi Dress is easy-breezy and beautiful, featuring a ruched upper and flowy lower. Plus, they’ll look great with a pair of clear heels. One thing we love: bodysuits. Snag Abercrombie’s Double-Layered Seamless Fabric Squareneck Bodysuit for all of your going-out needs. It’s practical, perfect for any season (especially when topped with a denim jacket) and great to pick up in many colors. What’s great to pair with your cocktail dress and jumpsuits of the season? A tufted, gorgeously crafted pair of Abercrombie’s Puffy Twist Heels, of course! The heeled sandal trend commences, especially with this comfort-led 2.5″ skinny heel. We’re all for it. Though we’re in the brink of summer, it’s the perfect time to stock-up on your fall and winter essentials. Abercrombie’s Wool-Blend Dad Coat is like your trench coat but premium — offering unmatched coziness and style that landed it a top spot in our personal wardrobes. For workouts in the morning chill or trips to your gym that’s far too cool for your liking, we recommend the YPB Nylon Windbreaker. Its luxurious feel and fit is backed by a relaxed-looking collar, unique striping and a take-with-you-everywhere intention. For $20 off, we recommend it wholeheartedly. For more, checkout our guide to the best matching workout sets for women. For some reason, a matching pajama set just makes us feel put together. Now less than $25, Abercrombie’s Satin Sleep Shorts are next-level, especially with its matching top. They’re cute, comfy and perfect for your next girls’ night sleepover. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.