The best rivalry in baseball kicks off for a four-game set this weekend. Starting us off is the Yankees’ ace, Gerrit Cole, who has been electric since getting blown up by the Twins for seven runs on June 9. In his last four starts, Cole has only allowed four combined earned runs, pitching 26.1 innings and striking out 33. Boston has typically given Cole a ton of problems in his career. In the regular season, Cole has a 4.00 ERA in 63 innings against the Red Sox. Everyone remembers his last start in Boston, where he was pulled in the third inning of the AL Wild Card Game as Red Sox fans taunted him with a steady stream of “Gerr-it” chants. He will look to put that tough outing behind him on Thursday. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: NYY -1.5 (-110) vs. BOS +1.5 (-110) Moneyline: NYY (-175) vs. BOS (+145) Total: Over 9 (-105) | Under 9 (-115) Gerrit Cole (7-2, 2.99) vs. Josh Winckowski (3-2, 3.12) The last five games have been brutal offensively for Boston, averaging less than three runs per game. Without All-Star third baseman Rafael Devers in the lineup, they are losers of their last two. However, it looks like Devers is expected to return Thursday night. Rookie right-hander Josh Winckowski takes the mound for Boston, and his numbers have been solid in his five starts. However, those five starts have been against the Orioles, A’s, Tigers, Guardians, and Cubs. The A’s and Tigers have the worst offenses in baseball with each of Baltimore, Cleveland, and Chicago in the bottom half in runs scored. The animal that he is attempting to tame tonight is coming off of a 16-0 shellacking of the Pirates and is far and away the best offense in baseball. Aaron Judge is the leading AL MVP candidate, according to most sportsbooks. As of right now, the line of +150 is a bit wide here for a Boston team that seemingly has Cole’s number. However, the uncertainty with the starting pitcher’s strength of schedule is too troublesome for a bet. For now, Giancarlo Stanton is the man to back this evening.   Diving into some stats, Stanton is hitting an incredible .389 at Fenway Park in 90 career at-bats. He also has six home runs, including three in consecutive games to close the regular season last year. We all remember the near-miss missiles off his bat that hit the top of the Green Monster last October, too. Back the Yankee slugger to continue his incredible string of success in Boston tonight and throughout the weekend. Giancarlo Stanton ‘over‘ 1.5 total bases +100 (BetMGM) Giancarlo Stanton to hit a home run +325 (Caesars)