Minnesota Lynx head coach Cheryl Reeve called out an “unacceptable” move by Diana Taurasi during Tuesday’s 118-107 double-overtime loss to the Phoenix Mercury. Reeve was furious over a non-call after Taurasi appeared to kick Lynx star Sylvia Fowles in the stomach with less than a minute remaining in that second overtime period — a move Reeve called “egregious.” “It was very disappointing behavior,” Reeve said on her podcast, “The Cheryl Reeve Show,” Wednesday. “Not surprising, of course, but disappointing.” The contact occurred on play in which Taurasi drove into the paint, but had nowhere to go since Fowles was protecting the hoop. Taurasi then leaned into Fowles — who is the WNBA’s all-time rebounding leader — for a step-back jumper, and her yellow sneaker appeared to kick Fowles in the gut. Taurasi was never even whistled for a foul. The Mercury trailed by nine at the time. As Fowles was doubled-over in pain, Taurasi approached a referee with her arms outstretched, seemingly complaining about the play. “It was unacceptable,” said Reeve. “More than anything, it’s disappointing that Taurasi would do that. But we’ve said this: Whether you’re friends or not, when you’re on the court, Taurasi doesn’t treat you like a friend. “There’s been multiple situations where I question, I go, ‘And you guys say you’re friends?!'” Reeve later added. “Like, you could ever do these kinds of things to a friend?” Reeve said in this case, she blames the officials. “That cannot go unpunished. It was so egregious. I’m going to wait for a ruling on that. It was very disappointing behavior. Not surprising, of course, but disappointing. There will be ramifications to that kick.” Taurasi finished with 17 points, seven rebounds, and five assists. Fowles recorded a double-double with 14 points and rebounds apiece. Taurasi is known for her fiery demeanor on the court, which has already earned her six technical fouls this season. The 40-year-old is one foul away from getting an $800 fine and an automatic one-game suspension. Taurasi has yet to pick up a flagrant foul this season. In the Mercury’s following game against the Mystics on Thursday, Taurasi appeared to shove Washington’s Ariel Atkins to the ground as she caught a pass. Atkins clutched her head in pain after the play. This time, Taurasi was whistled for a foul – though not a flagrant. The Lynx play the Fever on Friday. Phoenix will play host to the Dream on Sunday.