Beanie Feldstein is raining on her fans’ parade. The actress shocked social media Sunday by announcing she’s quitting the revival of Broadway’s “Funny Girl” even sooner than expected. Her exit comes amid cryptic reports of the show going in a “different direction.” The “American Crime Story: Impeachment” actress penned a note to her disappointed fans on Instagram, saying she’ll be leaving July 31 instead of her original early departure date of Sept. 25. “Playing Fanny Brice on Broadway has been a lifelong dream of mine, and doing so for the last few months has been a great joy and true honor,” Feldstein, 29, wrote. “Once the production decided to take the show in a different direction, I made the extremely difficult decision to step away sooner than anticipated.” Feldstein, who received decidedly mixed reviews in the much-anticipated revival, continued, “I will never forget this experience and from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank every single person who came to the August Wilson for the love and support you have shown me and our amazing cast and crew.” Meanwhile, official social media accounts for the production are already teasing “casting announcements” at 1 p.m. Monday. The “Lady Bird” alum then explained how much she enjoyed working with the cast of the production. Feldstein said: “The people I have had the great joy of bringing ‘Funny Girl’ to life with every night, both on and off the stage, are all remarkably talented and exceptional humans and I hope you continue to join them on Henry Street after I depart on July 31st.” It was announced last month that Feldstein and fellow costar Jane Lynch would be leaving the musical in the fall. Rumors have also been floating around the Broadway world that Lynch’s “Glee” cast mate Lea Michele will be replacing the “Booksmart” actress. However, a rep for Michele declined to comment when contacted by The Post. All of this upheaval comes after Feldstein missed several shows after testing positive for COVID-19 on June 6. She looked back on her role in a social media post several days later, noting that “she’ll never be able to find the words that could even begin to explain what the experience has been to me.” She reflected on the stage show’s hard-working cast, crew as well as the “heroes of Broadway” and “all of the people of Funny Girl.” “I love you. You’re my people. I am forever changed by knowing you,” she affectionately scribed.