A Bronx man was indicted on trafficking charges after law enforcement discovered more than 40 pounds of drugs stashed inside his apartment — next door to the borough’s criminal courthouse, authorities said Wednesday. Dujuan Soto, 56, was pleaded not guilty at his arraignment in Manhattan Supreme Court Wednesday on multiple charges, including operating as a major trafficker, and counts of illegal drug and gun possession. He was ordered held on $3 million bail. Authorities said found the $3 million worth of drugs — including fentanyl, cocaine and methamphetamine — along with loaded guns inside Soto’s home adjacent to the Bronx Family-Criminal Courthouse on East 161st Street between Sheridan and Sherman Avenues. Soto was busted March 29 after a brief investigation conducted by the US Drug Enforcement Administration and NYPD, according to the city’s Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor. On the day of his arrest, officers and agents searched his Jeep and found a US Postal Service package with approximately $216,500 in alleged drug money inside a blue bag. Inside the apartment, cops came across a locked closet in his bedroom where they discovered over 17 pounds of fentanyl and over six pounds of cocaine — which were imprinted with a Mercedes symbol, authorities said. Investigators also recovered 15 pounds of methamphetamine and over 1,000 counterfeit oxycodone and alprazolam pills alleged to contain fentanyl packaged inside freezer bags. Two loaded 9mm pistols with additional ammunition were found underneath Soto’s bed, authorities alleged. Another $107,100 in cash, a money counter, digital scales, a vacuum sealer and two kilo presses used in packaging narcotics were also recovered from the apartment, officials said. “The volume and variety of drugs, and the hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash and two firearms recovered, signals that this was a fully operational illegal drug packaging and distribution center,” said Special Narcotics Prosecutor Bridget Brennan in a statement. “It is hard to imagine a more audacious location than a building adjacent to the Bronx Family-Criminal Courthouse to set up a storehouse for deadly drugs like fentanyl, methamphetamine and the counterfeit pills that are saturating the black market in our city,” Brennan said.