Is Dorinda Medley saying goodbye to the Big Apple? The “Real Housewives of New York City” alum just sold her apartment at 120 E. 87th St. for just under $2.5 million — slightly above her $2.495 million asking price, according to property records. But the “Make it nice!” maven won’t go far — she promised. “Not leaving,” Medley, 57, told The Post when she listed the property in February. “Just a change after 21 years.” The current star of “The Real Housewives Ultimate Girls Trip” — ex-wives edition — bought the two-bedroom, two-bath unit for $1.2 million in 2006. It comes with 14-foot ceilings, oversized windows, hardwood floors, a chef’s kitchen and lots of storage space. The chic residence is at the Park Avenue Court, a 17-story building that once served as Gimbels Department Store before it was converted to condominiums in 1989. Legendary architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill realized its residential renovation. Building amenities include a landscaped roof deck, a courtyard, a gym, a pool, a children’s playroom, a yoga studio, storage and an adjacent garage. While she has been spending most of her days in her glamorous and custom-designed Berkshires home — known to loyal Bravo viewers as her beloved Blue Stone Manor — until now Medley had also held on to her Upper East Side digs. Speaking of Blue Stone Manor, that’s the setting for Season 2 of Peacock’s “The Real Housewives Ultimate Girls Trip,” on which the often outspoken reality TV star now appears. Things got a little heated on the show after Medley called co-star Jill Zarin a lapdog. The women have known each other for two decades — although they’d never been on “RHONY” at the same time. Occasionally, she would list her Manhattan home — hyped as “decorator done meticulous and extensive renovation just completed” in the original listing — for rent at $9,950 a month while quarantining in Massachusetts during the pandemic, as The Post previously reported. “Contrary to what some may think, I’m not leaving New York City,” Medley told People magazine. “But 2022 for me is about change,” she added. “I see my life differently now, and I want an apartment that’s more suited for my lifestyle; an apartment that’s all mine. It’s time to start a new chapter in a different location.” Gladys (Laurie) Cooper, who has appeared on “RHONY,” and her son, Michael Cooper, both of Douglas Elliman, held the listing. — Additional reporting by Mary K. Jacob