It’s more than enough to whet the appetite. A British woman who was bullied for her belly is now making close to $12,000 a month chowing down on fast food for her OnlyFans subscribers. Antonia Graham, 25, spoke out about her new “dream job” in an interview on Tuesday, saying the money came pouring in after she first busted out on social media last year. “I used to struggle hugely,” the mom of three told The Daily Star, saying that some men mocked her for her bigger belly and her stretch marks. “Last year I had a video go viral, it was just me making a joke about my weight and it reached millions of people,” Graham further explained. “In the comments, someone suggested I should check out eating on camera and from there, I was sucked into the world of feederism.” According to the National Library of Medicine, feederism is described as a “fetish subculture in which individuals eroticize weight gain and feeding. Feeders are individuals who claim to become sexually aroused by feeding their partners and encouraging them to gain weight.” Graham subsequently decided to set up an OnlyFans and film herself eating on camera for those with that kink, and soon realized she could make a sizable income from the unusual occupation. “I eat mostly fast food like McDonald’s and KFC and usually enough to feed a family in one sitting,” the professional diner divulged. “I eat around 3,000 calories in a meal.” As a mom to young children, Graham says she loves the flexibility of the job, and usually only works two days a week. “I charge $12 per minute for a custom video and I only work Mondays and Fridays, but I do have the luxury of skipping often,” she declared. “As I only work when I need money I earn below $12,000 a month, whereas some people in the business earn over $36,000 a month.” Unlike many OnlyFans models, she doesn’t need to film herself engaging in any explicit acts, as men only want to see her enjoying pizza, pastas, burgers and fries. “Most of the requests I get are PG rated, barely any rude content is requested at all because my customers are not like ordinary men,” Graham explained. “They want to see you eat and grow and gain weight. Meanwhile, the body positivity activist says she has also found feeder fetishists to be extremely kind and accepting. “I am so happy to have built a name for myself within this community and everybody is so kind and sweet,” she said. Despite describing it as her “dream job,” Graham insists that the work is harder than it looks. “Unfortunately the job does put a massive strain on your body, too,” the brunette confessed. “I have probably spent thousands of pounds on food to stretch out my stomach enough for this job. You really need to push yourself to the limit.” The model says she doesn’t plan to be performing forever, saying her body wouldn’t be able to sustain the long-term effects of the fat-laden foods. Graham isn’t the only OnlyFans star who has pushed her body to the limit by trying to satisfy her subscribers. Reality star Stephanie Matto, 31, made more than $50,000 a week selling her farts on the the adult website, before she was forced to quit the gassy gig after her fibrous diet prompted a heart attack scare.