The athletes in the NFL aren’t the only ones worth paying attention to. Coaching is a massive element in the success or failure of a team. With the coaching carousel behind us, some new and some familiar names have landed with different teams. Storylines matter when voting on end of season awards, and Coach of the Year is no different. These three head coaches all enter the season with the same odds on BetMGM to bring home the award, and all of whom are worth a wager. This storyline comes down to one thing – can the Broncos, with a new head coach and quarterback, win the most competitive division in football? Home of the Chargers, Raiders, and Chiefs, Denver will have a tough task ahead. If Nathaniel Hackett, who comes from Green Bay, can turn the Broncos offense into a powerhouse with Russell Wilson under center and can lead them back to the playoffs for the first time since winning the Super Bowl with Peyton Manning in 2015, he’ll be a prime candidate for this award. Staying in the AFC West, Brandon Staley is up there as one of the bright young minds of the game, and it helps that he has a solid roster to work with – including young superstar quarterback Justin Herbert. In Staley’s first year as head coach, the Chargers came out of the gate strong, going 4-2 in their first six games before their bye week. Unfortunately, they stumbled in the second half of the season, going 5-6 over their final 11 games and finishing with a 9-8 record. Four of their late-season losses were in one-score games, with two of them coming in overtime thrillers against division foes. The Chargers have improved in each of their last three seasons and are poised to make the leap to a playoff contender, putting Staley firmly in the Coach of the Year conversation. From young and up-and-coming to a head coach looking for redemption, Doug Pederson is getting another shot as a head coach, this time in Jacksonville. Pederson, a former quarterback, has been critical to the development of quarterbacks over the course of his coaching tenure, and has tailored offenses to the likes of Alex Smith, Michael Vick, and Carson Wentz. The former quarterback, quarterbacks coach, offensive coordinator, and head coach is an intriguing fit for Trevor Lawrence as he enters his second season. If Pederson is able to get Lawrence on track and help the quarterback take leaps forward in his second campaign, while helping the Jaguars at least get out of the basement and be competitive, then he will be a deserving candidate for the award.