Yankee Candle is among the many brands slashing prices during Amazon Prime Day 2022. While it’s pretty rare, the candle retailer has discounted many of their large jar fan favorites by up to 62% — bringing your bill as low as $10! In March, Yankee Candle debuted its 2022 Scent of the Year called “Inspire.” The new candle includes a blend of beautiful scents to make an “intriguing effervescent citrus fragrance that creates a sense of joy while aromas of a salty sea breeze invigorate the senses with optimism.” The highly anticipated candle also celebrates Ikigai, a Japanese concept about living a long and happy life. Ahead find fantastic Amazon Prime Day discounts on Yankee Candle scents, including Pink Sands, Lemon Lavender, Macintosh, Lilac Blossoms, Sicilian Lemon and many more. Prime Day is the perfect time to stock up! Speaking of stocking up, shop our other amazing deals on Crest 3D Whitestrips, furniture, iRobot vacuums and more as the sales rage on. Pink Sands is a personal favorite of ours, so we’ll definitely be buying a few! The brand describes this scent as “an exotic island escape in the beautiful mix of bright citrus, sweet florals and spicy vanilla.” Midsummer’s Night is a Yankee Candle bestseller that includes “an intoxicating and masculine blend of musk, patchouli, sage and mahogany cologne” — perfect for a belated, last-minute Father’s Day gift! Bring your next tropical vacation right to your home with this Coconut Beach scent that will give you “a taste of the tropics — warm coconut blended with pineapple and Tahitian vanilla.” Yankee Candle’s Macintosh scent will remind you of crisp autumn air in seconds. It includes apple peels, crisp greens, a hint of grapefruit and juicy macintosh (of course) fragrances that will make you feel like you’re tasting your first bite of an apple. If you can’t get enough lilac, you’ll surely love this scent with hints of dewy greens, water lily, bergamot, lilac petals, tulip bulbs and more. This salsa-inspired candle is bound to put you in a good mood, no matter what time of year! Yankee Candle describes this scent as “sweet and zesty…juicy mangoes and peaches livened with citrus, ginger flowers and pink pepper.” Can’t get enough of vanilla cupcakes? Yankee Candle describes this fun and festive candle as “the rich, creamy aroma of vanilla cupcakes with hints of lemon and lots of buttery icing.” An Italian, citrus-inspired candle? We’re in! This scent features dashes of lemon zest, tart lemon, vanilla and sugar. Yankee Candle’s Lemon Lavender has both lemon and lavender with a hint of tangerine to energize and refresh any space. Yankee Candle’s Ocean Air jar has clean, sunny notes mingled with jasmine, white amber, and sandalwood. What Amazon Prime Day deals you need to shop now: For more Prime Day content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.