Thirteen games occupy today’s MLB schedule, but two are standing out to expert bettors. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edges and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report sees three markets across two games trigger at least three of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s examine the report’s pick recommendations. These bitter rivals will begin a four-game series today in Boston and experts have identified both a side and total. Beginning with a side, we’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Yankees moneyline. However, three of the four remaining signals go in the Red Sox’s direction. First, whereas sharps are interested in the visitors, big money bettors are interested in the hosts. As of this writing, the Red Sox have seen 26 percent of all moneyline bets against 38 percent of the total handle. Next, there’s an Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public — that identifies the Red Sox. That system, which looks for divisional underdogs receiving under 30 percent of all bets, has a 45 percent historical win percentage against an eight percent return on investment. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Red Sox to round out the three signals in their direction. As for the total, the betting trends are all in agreement. We’ve noticed sharp action coming in on the over, which opened at 8.5 runs but has since ticked up to nine runs at most shops. Big money is also interested in the over — as of this writing, that market has seen 51 percent of all bets against 91 percent of the total handle. Furthermore, there’s a model projection edge with this total. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the total should be set at 9.5. Lastly, one top Action Network MLB betting expert is backing the over, giving this market four signals in its direction. Boston Red Sox Moneyline (+150) & Total Over 9 Runs (-102) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Rockies have won two in a row in the season series against the D’Backs, but experts like the Diamondbacks tonight at home. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on Arizona, which opened as a consensus +124 underdog but has since seen their price drop to between -102 and -105. Additionally, big money bettors are also interested in the Diamondbacks — as of this writing, they’ve seen 45 percent of all bets against 57 percent of the total handle. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the D’Backs, giving them three signals in their direction. Arizona Diamondbacks Moneyline (-105) — BetMGM