It’s that time of year again, as evidenced by Amazon Prime teacher wishlists filled with coloring utensils, classroom cleaning products and calculators — the time for teachers to give their classrooms a refresh. Whether you’re a first-year teacher looking to corral all the classroom essentials or are an educator with years of experience under your belt, it has never been a better time to give your classroom a refresh. And, there’s no better time, conveniently, as Amazon Prime Day 2022 is right around the corner. The retailer already has so many deals online before the two-day shopping event (July 12 and 13) that you can start adding to your cart before the new school year rolls around. “I always watch during Prime Day time to start stocking up on items,” Jordan Hoehman, a seventh-grade math teacher from New Jersey, told the New York Post. “Every teacher I know promises themselves —and significant others — that they will not purchase any items (especially during summer), but Amazon always has great deals and we cannot help ourselves!” Some of these products elevate the learning experience, too. “These items enhance the vibrancy and energy levels in the room making the students want to participate more,” Amanda Balestrieri, a sixth-grade accelerated mathematics teacher from New Jersey, told The Post. “It also provides them with a sense of comfort and relaxation.” Not to mention, with inflation driving some essentials upward in price, teachers nationwide are still prioritizing picking up some products on their own dime — including Hoehman. “While the state may supply some items, we have found our own items of what works in the classroom that may not be supplied or funded,” she adds. “If you aren’t a teacher, please know that teachers are always thinking of ways to stock up for their classrooms and have the best items to help ensure your child has the best experience ever.” Though inflation is serving as a prominent roadblock, it’s no surprise that classroom essentials can add up in price when added to your shopping cart. “Even before the most recent period of inflation, teachers were nonchalantly expected to shell out hundreds of dollars on classroom supplies after spending hundreds on certifications, licensing exams and college tuition,” Balestrieri adds. To help make the shopping process simplified and more affordable, we rounded up the 20 best classroom essentials to pick up at a great value, all of which were recommended by teachers we interviewed for this article. With these picks that will benefit teachers and students alike, your classroom will look A+ in no time. “I absolutely love using flair pens when grading,” Hoehman said. “I don’t like the traditional ‘red pens’ to mark up incorrect answers.” Using different colors, like those included in this Paper Mate set, makes grading and note-taking more fun and organized. According to Jessica Massa, a fourth-grade teacher from New Jersey, the Better Than Paper Bulletin Board Roll is great because you can use it for two years or more. “The paper doesn’t rip, tear or show staple holes, cleans easily with damp cloth and can be sprayed with disinfectant to help prevent spread of germs,” she told The Post. “Having flexible seating readily available in the classroom motivates students and promotes important values such as cooperation, sharing and compromising,” Balestrieri notes. “While it may be expensive, the smiles on the kids faces when they see a mini sofa or bungee chair in their classroom is priceless.” Plus, it encourages students to move around during the class period to help them stay motivated while learning. Sometimes, the lamination machine at schools is broken (or some schools don’t even have them). “Purchasing your own lamination is key to preserving fun task cards and activities to keep them from getting ruined,” Hoeman notes. “You can use your activities for the next year and several years to follow since they are preserved nicely, too.” Massa also recommends this for teachers to make student work and bulletin board letters more presentably packaged. “I don’t know of any teachers who don’t use Post-Its!” Hoehman highlights. “I personally make copies of notes and homework ahead of time and use different color Post-its to check really quick.” In other words, pink can be for notes and yellow can be for homework for easy visibility. “I use these daily to write on the Smartboard or smaller white board during smaller group instruction,” Massa says. Not to mention, this 16-pack is on a phenomenal discount and comes in assorted colors to color-code while teaching. With more than 55K reviews, this bundle is also an Amazon best-seller. It’s called the quicker picker-upper for a reason, and Balestrieri names Bounty’s Quick-Size Paper Towels as a practical necessity to have on hand. For inevitable spills, stocking up before the school year starts is a must. “These are great for displaying model work for students to refer to or anchor charts,” Hoehman recommends. No more stapling to a wall and then swapping — with these, you can just unclip the current paper or poster and replace it with a new one. “If you’re doing centers, you need to keep the flow of the classroom going,” Homeman advises. “One of my centers is usually a teacher-led group where I am reteaching, and it’s so easy to get sidetracked; Having the timer helps keep me on track and the kids moving to each center.” So, this two-pack is a life-saver that’s user-friendly for teachers and students alike. “I use these to start discussion during morning meeting to start our day,” Massa explains of her day-to-day routine with her elementary school students. This 80-pack has unique prompts for students to think about and express in the classroom to make learning more creative and individualized. “If you don’t want to make a ton of copies of something, these work great, especially with the younger kids,” Hoehman said. “They can complete a worksheet on the dry erase pockets and can easily be erased for the next person to use.” Not to mention, this pack should keep your entire class stocked throughout the school year — and years following! “This is great for my students to show their math work,” Hoehman notes. “Sometimes, just putting it on something other than the traditional pencil and paper really keeps students engaged.” Oh, and a bonus: you’re not wasting paper. Uniquely, with this Amazon bundle, the pens have erasers on top, which makes them even easier for students to use. For teachers, Monday to Friday folders are lifesavers. “I use these for students who are absent — each folder is labeled with the day of the week,” Hoehman explains. “Anyone who is absent that day, their work goes straight into that folder.” What’s more, teachers can quickly can look at the organizer (which hangs up, BTW) and grab the work they need (especially if it needs to be sent home!) For a splurge-worthy essential if digital organization is what you prefer, you can’t beat an iPad, according to Massa. Now on a discount, this portable tablet is great for lesson-planning, responding to parent emails and more. “I encourage my students to bring in a three-ring binder and I try to hole punch everything that I hand to them,” Hoehman said. ” Teaching teens and pre-teens, it’s easy for them to crumple up papers and never see it again.” The downside of hole punching? A small hole puncher will take forever. This particular heavy-duty one punches 40 papers at a time. “Every teacher needs a planner!” Hoehman advocates for. “Part of our job is to lesson plan, after all.” Not only is this academic planner super adorable with its floral pattern but it helps keep track of curriculum goals and meetings to attend as well. As one of Hoehman’s most practical classroom essentials, storage containers are worth the buy ASAP. “You can never have enough!” she says. “You can store activities and task cards by units and can also store supplies in them (crayons, markers, scissors, etc.) When students need any supplies for a project, I will place them at the back table to utilize or, if they’re in groups, I’ll split them into even smaller containers so each group has some.” “I learned throughout the years that the more organized you are, the smoother the day goes,” Hoehman adds. These Storex Small Cubby Bins are an Amazon best-seller and are color-coded to divide different resources and supplies. Similarly, these basket-style bins are ones Hoehman loves for organizing erasers, miniature flashcards or other smaller supplies that can soon become lost if not properly stored. Not to mention, this 12-pack is at a great value. “I bought plastic storage drawers and labeled them ‘Monday-Friday,'” Hoehman explains. “Once I make copies, I throw them in their appropriate day’s drawer we’ll use them.” Not to mention, this quick buy on Amazon makes it easier than ever to prepare for lessons ahead of time, keeping everything nice and organized. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.