No, this is not your mother’s shapewear brand. Instead, Spanx is an innovative, modern take on undergarments that smooth, tuck and enhance. Offering bras, underwear, leggings and activewear, Spanx has found its way at the center of every fashionista’s heart — and we mean every single one, even the celebs! Rebel Wilson has been spotted taking selfies in Spanx shapewear, Katy Perry posted a TikTok showing off her Spanx and Taylor Swift even endured a wardrobe malfunction in 2011 that revealed her Spanx. It’s no wonder Spanx is a hot and trendy label offering best-sellers, such as their leggings, pants and shapewear. But it gets better. Spanx is currently offering discounted price tags on leggings, joggers, bras, shorts, underwear and more. Shop the sale below or click here for the full lineup. Oh, yes. The product you’ve all been waiting for. The Spanx Faux Leather Leggings are on sale for a limited amount of time. This seriously never ever happens, so you’re not going to want to miss out. After all, they feature the brand’s iconic contour waistband, sucks in your tummy and begs for compliments. These pants are just so, what’s the word? Perfect! Get ready for smoothing ponte fabric that keeps you looking sleek and chic without sacrificing your comfort. Dress them down with some sneakers or elevate the look with some heels. Who doesn’t want a pair of flattering (and dare we say comfy) leggings? Made with flexible yarn, these bottoms move with you for optimal performance. We love a good bralette, because it can be worn alone around the house or with a light jacket if venturing out. Features include light lined cups, complete coverage and soft, smoothing hosiery. Everyone needs a pair of joggers in their wardrobe, so snag these Spanx best-sellers before it’s too late! Simply pull them on and go. There’s no need for tight, constricting jeans here! Instead, you can slip on some comfortable Spanx leggings that totally pass as jeans. Made with soft-knit fabric, you’ll be living your best life. No one likes tight bra straps that dig into your back. That’s why this Spanx option will have you singing bra-llelujah! Featuring Smart Stretch straps that are soft, you’ll be supported and comfortable all day long. Great for running errands or dressing up, these twill cargo pants have no limits. Featuring a pull-on design and a hidden tummy shaping interior, you’ll be strutting your stuff! Say hello to a pair of leggings who give you the booty without the squats. But if you’re a gym goer or yogi (seriously, we are proud of you), these leggings will look just as good on you! Kick panty lines to the curb with these Spanx Undie-tectable briefs. Made to smooth your curves and hug your tummy, you’ll have the best rear view in town. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.