A US Army medic ripped the US Supreme Court’s overturning of Roe v. Wade in a TikTok post that has attracted new attention it was shared by right-wing Internet personality Jack Posobiec over the weekend. In the three–minute video posted June 24 — the day the landmarking decision was released — a currently deployed woman army medic fumed that the US “treats women like second class citizens.” “I just extended my contract to continue serving this country a week ago. How am I supposed to swear to support and defend the Constitution and a country that treats its women like second class citizens?” she seethed. “How am I supposed to do that? How am I supposed to do that with pride? How am I supposed to do that with love and honor?” The medic, who said she learned about the high court’s decision after waking up from a nap, goes on to ask, “How am I supposed to wake up every day and put on a frickin’ uniform that says ‘United States Army,’ when the United States doesn’t even give a rat’s ass about me?” “It gives more of a rat’s ass about the guns they’re allowed to buy the kill the children that I’m forced to give birth to,” she continued. “Think about that.” TikTok user rahasenfratz‘s taped rant, which received nearly 30,000 likes and more than 1,200 comments on TikTok, and was shared by Posobiec on Twitter Saturday. The TikTok post was captioned: “I am heartbroken. I am enraged. I am terrified.” In the clip, the medic declared that the removing of the constitutional right to an abortion has an “unintended consequence” on female members of the military. “This effect on female service women is an unintended consequence which means that lawmakers and Supreme Court justices probably weren’t thinking about this when they wrote their 213 some odd-page report on it, right?” she said. “They probably were not thinking about this consequence. But it is one, and it affects the very people that those lawmakers hold to a higher standard because they support the troops,” she added. “Do you really, though? You really support the troops, even though this is going to greatly lessen the retention of women in the ranks of this military?” The TikTok user scoffed, “You support the troops, even though you’re going to ruin some women’s careers.” The deployed Army member noted that she has “an extremely limited access to birth control” and that “women in the military are more likely to experience unplanned pregnancies. “You can’t even get an ultrasound without traveling off base,” said the unidentified woman. At the conclusion of the clip, she vowed to fulfill her contractual obligations to serve the United States — while also speaking out about the effects of the controversial Supreme Court decision. “I signed that contract, so I will serve my country,” she said. “But you bet your ass you’re going to hear my voice, because I will not stop. I will not rest and I will not be silent because this is an attack on women in this country, 100%.” Social media users expressed outrage after Posobiec shared the video with his Twitter followers, captioning it, “BREAKING: Woke Female Army Soldier Questions Loyalty to United States after Roe v Wade Decision.” “This is ok, but refusing an experimental vaccine is not. @POTUS has destroyed our military,” fumed Twitter account “Yankee in the South,” referring to the mandate of safe and effective COVID-19 vaccines for US Army members. “Maybe you should just re-read your contract and shut up. @USArmy you have a problem with no allegiance here,” added another critic. Said Twitter user Marilyn Redmon, “You are FREE to relocate to another country!!