It is notable, but not surprising, which Giants players Tuesday were placed on the Physically Unable to Perform list heading into training camp. It is more notable, however, who is not on the list. Wide receivers Kadarius Toney and Kenny Golladay, left tackle Andrew Thomas and rookie outside linebacker Kayvon Thibodeaux all missed significant time in the spring, with the term “precautionary’’ used in most cases to describe why they were being held out. None of them were put on the PUP list, meaning they will hit the field for Wednesday morning’s first practice. As for the players who did wind up on PUP, this was expected for receiver Sterling Shepard, center Nick Gates and offensive tackle Matt Peart, all coming off major surgeries. One setback for the Giants: Outside linebacker Azeez Ojulari starts his second NFL camp on the Non-Football Injury list after straining his hamstring recently. The expectation is he will not be out too long. Also, second-year cornerback Rodarius Williams, coming off ACL surgery, is not on PUP. Rookie tight end Daniel Bellinger (quad) was placed on PUP last week. Players on PUP cannot participate in practice and can be removed from the list at any time during camp. The moves keep coming for the Giants. They signed four players Tuesday, the most interesting being Nick Williams, an experienced defensive lineman, on the day veteran players reported to camp. Added to the roster were Williams, safety Andrew Adams, WR Marcus Kemp and OT Kamaal Seymour. Gone from the roster as corresponding moves: DBs Henry Black and Maurice Canady, DT Jabari Ellis and WR Travis Toivonen. Williams is a well-traveled 32-year-old, originally a 2013 seventh-round draft pick of the Steelers. He has also been with the Chiefs, Dolphins, Bears and Lions. Williams signed a two-year, $5 million contract with the Lions prior to the 2020 season and went on to make 30 starts the past two seasons — after starting only five games in his first six years in the NFL. He has 7.5 career sacks — six of them in 2019 with the Bears. The Giants appear set with their three-man starting defensive line of newcomer Jihad Ward and returnees Dexter Lawrence and Leonard Williams for new defensive coordinator Wink Martindale. Nick Williams should immediately be considered a strong candidate for a roster spot. Nick Williams participated in a tryout held by the Giants on Monday. Out of that tryout, the Giants also decided to sign Adams, who began his NFL career with the Giants in 2016 as an undrafted rookie out of UConn. He won a Super Bowl with the Buccaneers after the 2020 season and is a strong special teams player. Kemp likely comes recommended by Mike Kafka, the Giants’ new offensive coordinator, based on their time together in Kansas City. The 6-foot-4, 210-pound Kemp has played in 44 NFL games — all but one of them with the Chiefs — and has four receptions in his career. Seymour, undrafted out of Rutgers, was on the Raiders practice squad in 2020 and spent last season on injured reserve after tearing his Achilles tendon.