Many employers are now conducting in-person interviews. I’m willing to work in an office but I’m uncomfortable not wearing a mask. If I show up for the interview wearing a mask and tell them I will wear one in the office, will it hurt my chances of getting the job? Employers have the right to say that they don’t want employees to wear a mask, just as much as they have the right to require one, provided that their policies are not in violation of the law. Putting company policies aside and as we learn to live with this virus, I do think you are likely to find some hiring managers having a negative reaction to applicants conducting an interview wearing a mask. If you don’t get the job, I doubt anyone will admit that is the reason (and it might not be). It doesn’t matter though. Your personal comfort and health is paramount. Before the interview, explain that you are currently comfortable wearing a mask and ask if that will be a problem. At least you will avoid any surprises when you arrive. You want them focused on you, your skills and experience. I’m a taxi driver and enjoy your column, although most of your advice is for people with corporate jobs. What about workers like us who drive to make money while we look for a job? I drive corporate types — is it appropriate to network with them for a job? I am a man of the people — all people — and I’m glad you enjoy reading my column, but hopefully not while you are driving. Although I have to say the art of hailing a cab has been lost with the arrival of Uber, darting into the street between traffic to grab that cab. The thrill and danger is gone. As for your job search strategy — I love it! Dress like you are going on an interview while driving and ask politely if you may have a minute of your passengers’ time. Then have your pitch down in 30 seconds — who, what, why — with copies of your résumé to hand out. Most people would be impressed, and someone is going to help you network. The approach and pitch, the smile and professionalism, demonstrating hustle and not negativity about driving a taxi will win the day — and maybe a bigger tip too. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Wednesdays at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @GregGiangrande