A prominent Silicon Valley tycoon is backing Elon Musk in his recent Twitter spat with Donald Trump, calling the latter a “spoiled rich kid who bankrupts everything he touches.” Reid Hoffman, the billionaire founder of Linkedin, slammed Trump after the former president called Musk a “bulls**t artist” for trying to get out of his deal to acquire the social media platform. “Not surprised to see Trump’s attacks on @elonmusk. Elon’s a classic immigrant story – an entrepreneur with a real record of success,” Hoffman tweeted Wednesday. “Started EV revolution w/Tesla, resurrected US rocket industry w/SpaceX, fighting climate change while promoting American innovation.” Hoffman claimed that Trump, meanwhile, is “a spoiled rich kid who bankrupts everything he touches. Including the US economy. His career highlight was pretending to be a successful entrepreneur on a TV show, instead of being one in real life like Elon.” Hoffman called the former president a “great grifter” and added: “Personally, I support people working to build a better future for America and the world. Trump is such a stuck-in-the-past sore loser that he’d rather spread lies, incite insurrection and damage American democracy than admit he lost a fair election.” Hoffman’s rant came after Trump blasted Musk over over the weekend over his flip-flopping in buyout talks with Twitter during a rally in Alaska. Musk, 51, backed out of a $44 billion deal to buy the company Friday after he claimed it failed to provide information about its fake accounts. Twitter sued Musk on Tuesday for terminating the deal. The Tesla CEO, who had once vowed to reinstate Trump’s Twitter account if he acquired Twitter, responded to Trump’s barbs late Monday, saying the ex-president is “too old” to run for president in 2024 and “too much drama.” “I don’t hate the man, but it’s time for Trump to hang up his hat & sail into the sunset,” the world’s richest person tweeted in response to Trump’s comments. Musk added: “Dems should also call off the attack — don’t make it so that Trump’s only way to survive is to regain the Presidency.” When Musk got pushback online from a Trump supporter, he responded: “Trump would be 82 at end of term, which is too old to be chief executive of anything, let alone the United States of America.” “Do we really want a bull in a china shop situation every single day!?” Musk added. “Also, I think the legal maximum age for start of Presidential term should be 69.” Later, Trump claimed in a post on his Truth Social platform that Musk “came to the White House asking me for help on all of his many subsidized projects” during his administration, “and telling me how he was a big Trump fan and Republican, I could have said, ‘drop to your knees and beg,’ and he would have done it.” Musk responded with a GIF of Grampa Simpson waving his arm and ranting. 