Lamar Jackson is quick on his feet – both literally and figuratively. The Ravens quarterback displayed his lightning-fast comeback skills in a recent Twitter battle with former Baltimore safety Bernard Pollard. The back and forth trash-talk stemmed from social media comments made by Pollard about the signal-caller’s talent and impact on his former team in Baltimore. Pollard first turned heads in a response to former NFL safety and active ESPN analyst Ryan Clark, who argued that Jackson should be included in ESPN’s list of top-10 quarterbacks. While Pollard acknowledged the 25-year-old’s clear-cut talent, he argued it doesn’t make him one of the best quarterbacks in the league. “He’s def a Top 10 talent, but as for a Top 10 QB I don’t see it,” Pollard wrote on Twitter. “I believe he should get paid by the #Ravens and should get TOP dollar!” Although this comment by Pollard didn’t grab Jackson’s attention, the 37-year-old’s statements the following day certainly did. Taking to Twitter on Wednesday night, Pollard claimed the league’s best wide receivers are not willing to come to Baltimore with Jackson at the helm. “No TOP Wr will ever come there while LJ is there,” Pollard said. “Plenty of WRs have been available to get in the off-season while LJ has been starting, but nobody wants to go. They give him the respect, but they don’t want to play with him. LJ is good but he’s not able to make the throws.” Jackson couldn’t remain silent any longer, replying to the tweet by telling Pollard, “You sound dumb asf,” alongside two crying-laughing emojis. Pollard quickly countered, responding, “We’ll wait and see if one signs.” What followed next was a flurry of verbal jabs from Jackson, in which he berated Pollard for his poor play and largely forgotten legacy. “I had to Google you lil bra,” Jackson tweeted in one of his seemingly never-ending digs at Pollard. “I never heard of you until I seen you keep dissing like you was a HOFMER BUT YOU FARRRRRRRRRRR FROM IT.” “Bra we almost lost cause of this mf,” Jackson continued, this time alongside a video of Super Bowl XLVII, in which Pollard fails to make a touchdown-saving tackle. “I watched this when I was a kid and was going for the ravens that play I wanted to slap tf outta 31 and its you?” Pollard then posted a video of himself making a big hit while he was playing at Purdue in college. Jackson wasn’t having any of it. “Bra got a 6second college highlight you mad fr I wish I played against you,” Jackson wrote. “I would’ve threw the ball to coach and ran straight at yo sorry ass BERNARD.” However, in true sportsmanship fashion, Jackson made sure to leave Pollard with a word of advice. “Go watch NASCAR probably better @ that fr,” Jackson said. “Talk to me about the best NASCARs out I’m all ears and eyes.” Perhaps Pollard chartered too far into a touchy subject. Jackson’s reliable wide receiver, Marquise Brown, was traded to the Arizona Cardinals earlier this offseason, a move the quarterback was clearly surprised and frustrated by.