Claire Hogle’s breakthrough into the golf-influencing landscape had a “kind of crazy” beginning. A San Diego native, Hogle grew up in a “golfing family” and fell in love with the sport before starting high school. From there, she took her game to the collegiate level at California State University San Marcos, where she played for two-and-a-half “incredible” years. But between the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and a shoulder injury, Hogle turned her attention to content creation. “I had a small golf following just from doing a little bit of YouTube stuff in college, I had maybe 20,000 followers, and I knew I could do something with it,” Hogle recently told The Post. “In college, COVID happened and I got an injury so that route was sort of fading away, and I decided I was going to give golf influencing a try. “I wasn’t sure what would happen if it would work well or not, and so I just started posting some golf stuff and people really seemed to like it. It’s been super fun and it’s great to see my hard work paying off.” Since joining YouTube in Jan. 2015, Hogle has amassed more than 4.6 million views on her channel, where she frequently shares instructional videos with her 63,000 subscribers. Elsewhere on Instagram, Hogle — who has even drawn comparisons to the “OG Insta golf girl,” Paige Spiranac — reached a major milestone in June, surpassing 500,000 followers. In terms of deciding what golf content to post, Hogle doesn’t abide by a specific strategy and instead looks to see what her followers are enjoying. “I kind of just play it by ear, I like to see what people are liking, see what people enjoy what I post and what not, and then I’ll kind of just go from there,” she said. “I don’t have anything incredibly planned out or structured, I kind of just go to the golf course and get content and the best of the best will make it to the page.” Looking ahead to the future, Hogle has thought about what a potential return to the competitive side of the sport could look like. “All throughout high school and college my goal was to play pro golf… I got a shoulder injury so it kind of forced me to change course,” she said. “I’ve definitely thought about considering playing professionally or even just getting back into competitive golf, whether it’s amateur golf or anything. I really, really fell in love with golf because of the competitive side of it, so, it would be super fun to get back into that and see how I could shape my game up and see what I can do in that area. We’ll just have to see.” In the meantime, Hogle wants to continue to “create meaningful content,” and find ways to pay it forward. “Golf has given me so much, so I definitely want to find some way to give back to the game, to people that want to take up the game, so definitely some junior golf endeavors there,” she said. “But honestly, anything that really touches my heart, any endeavor that I really, truly care about. It’ll be incredible to use my platform and help make a difference in that way.” As her star continues to rise in the influencer space, Hogle is grateful for the feedback she’s received from fans and how some of her content has inspired them to take up the game. “I get some messages and comments [from followers and subscribers] that will tell me that I’m the reason that they started playing, especially on my YouTube,” she said. “I’ve been doing some instructional content and getting comments that people are really enjoying the content, that they’re going to go try it out on the range or that they tried it and that it’s helped their game so much, that’s really rewarding. “And seeing women take up the game, that’s super fun for me too, because when I took up the game there weren’t very many other girls so, it’s cool to kind of build that community.”