Atlanta Hawks point guard Trae Young took a page out of Draymond Green’s book this week, calling out “Undisputed” host Skip Bayless in a tweet. On Monday, Bayless tweeted that he was discussing “why trading for Dejounte Murray was an indictment of Trae Young” on his FS1 show. Young responded by quote-tweeting Bayless, “#NewMedia >> Real/Old Media .. or whatever you wanna call yourself,” along with a laughing emoji. Atlanta acquired Murray from the Spurs last Wednesday for three first-round picks and forward Danilo Gallinari. The Hawks also acquired center Jock Landale in the deal. Young’s “new media” reference is something Green often mentions on his podcast and at the podium after Warriors games. It’s unclear exactly who or what is the “new media,” though Green appears to use the term to separate athletes’ platforms and podcasts from mainstream media. Bayless categorized Green’s podcast as “new media” in a tweet last Monday. Young hit back at Bayless after the “Undisputed” host said the All-Star point guard “can be a defensive liability” in a reaction tweet to the Murray trade. “The Hawks just paid a steep price (Galinari [sic] and THREE firsts) for Dejounte Murray, only 25, who made the All-Star team & averaged an under-radar 21/9/8 w 2 steals,” Bayless wrote on Twitter when the trade was first reported. “Tells you how concerned the Hawks are about Trae Young, who led NBA in turnovers and can be a defensive liability.” Young shared his excitement about teaming up with Murray in the backcourt, writing in a tweet last week, “Let’s get busy my Brotha.” The two reportedly have wanted to play with each other for some time. Murray averaged 21.1 points, 8.3 rebounds, and 9.2 assists per game last season. His current four-year, $64 million deal is set to expire in 2024. The Knicks were reportedly interested in Murray leading up to him signing with the Hawks. This wasn’t the first time Bayless was critical of Young. Back in April, Bayless said he believed LaMelo Ball would have a better career than Young. He also criticized Young’s height and called the Oklahoma product “Mice Trae,” a play on his “Ice Trae” nickname. Young responded, tweeting that Bayless was “lame,” and called him “Stiff Bayless.”