A special education teacher tragically died after falling 150 feet off a ridge while seeking out a “secret” infinity pool that she saw on TikTok. While the incident occurred in December, the heartbreaking details didn’t emerge until a Wednesday inquest into her untimely death, North Wales Live reported. The tragedy occurred on Dec. 19, 2021, while the United Kingdom’s Victoria Naomi Luck, 47, was hiking with partner Matthew Radnor and their dog in Snowdonia National Park, Wales, per the inquest. The site’s infinity pool has racked up nearly 90 million viral video views in a series of TikTok clips. Luck’s beau had taken her to Snowdonia as an early Christmas present last year after meeting that summer and “hitting it off straight away.” The mother of two had reportedly been interested in visiting a hidden swimming hole near the Llanberis Pass. “I saw the infinity pool on TikTok and showed it to her, she was quite taken with it and thought it looked amazing so we decided to go,” explained Radnor during the hearing. Originally built by a farmer in 2016 as a green energy project, the seclusive spot has since become a tourist attraction, drawing visitors from all over the UK, per Wales Online. Unfortunately, Radnor and Luck’s pool pilgrimage turned catastrophic after the lovebirds, who didn’t possess a map or navigation on their phones, became lost on the notorious Crib Goch ridge while trying to find it, per the inquest. “There were no established paths in the area, and this was not a known route to descend Crib Goch,” said presiding coroner Sarah Riley in the inquest. At that point, the pair split up, with Luck climbing down into a gully, while Radnor decided to descend via a route that was easier for the dog, per NWL. That was the last time he ever saw his beloved, as several minutes later she plummeted 150 feet to her death, ITV reported. Radnor explained that he’d heard his lover “yelp,” but did not see the actual plunge. Fearing the worst, the distraught fellow attempted to alert the authorities but to no avail. “I called 999 on my mobile, but my battery ran out when I was on to Mountain Rescue,” who fortunately managed to flag down several hikers in the area. A Coastguard rescue helicopter subsequently arrived at the scene, whereupon they located and boarded Ms. Luck. However, she sadly succumbed to her injuries before 3 p.m. that day. “Victoria Naomi Luck died from multiple injuries due to a fall from height,” explained Riley, who attributed her death to “misadventure.” Luck’s family has since paid tribute to the late teacher. “Vicky had a large circle of friends and was a mentor to others,” said her father, Gordon Victor Luck. “She would always help others and her home was always open to those who needed her.” He added: “She will be and is so very sadly missed by everyone.” This isn’t the first time someone has perished while hiking of late. In one of a string of similar incidents, Richard Jacobson, 21, died earlier this year after falling an estimated 400 to 700 feet off an Arizona mountaintop while snapping a photo.