The derelict drifter who built a wooden home on the Manhattan Bridge is living his best life — enjoying goodies like peanut butter, beer and soda inside his makeshift shanty, exclusive video shows. The 16-square-foot unauthorized, graffiti-covered digs — first revealed Saturday by The Post — is peppered with personal items spilling outside and even has a sitting area for the Chinese man in his 50s or 60s who has been defiantly squatting on the bike path. The vagrant — who ranted about Mao Zedong and his executed acquaintances when contacted by The Post on Thursday — constructed the eyesore abode with plywood, 2-by-4s and cardboard. He has several cans of food and at least one  bottle of beer stashed inside the hut, where an educational mat featuring foods and letters adorns one of the walls. There’s also a pillow and a mirror inside to complete the cozy vibe, photos show. The bold vagrant, wearing a purple NYC T-shirt while speaking in broken Mandarin, mentioned money being taken from him as he gestured toward the bridge, video shows. He was holding onto a cellphone and a screwdriver early Monday. The makeshift shed appeared clean inside — with a plastic bag near the entrance and several bottles arranged in the custom-built set-up that also boasts a bench made from 2-by-4s. There’s also a pair of chopsticks at the ready for mealtime, video shows. Outside the shack is a lounge chair, a purple pillow and a green pail that serves as the homeowner’s version of a lavatory, photos show. Cops, meanwhile, never approached the shack last week as The Post visited the site four times. The city’s Department of Homeless Services and other agencies conducted a cleanup in the area Saturday, but didn’t bother the man about his newly constructed quarters. City Council Minority Leader Joe Borelli said he appreciated the man’s “ingenuity and dedication” to his cause, but said the Big Apple can’t let people put stakes down wherever they please. Jan Lee, 56, who grew up in Chinatown during the David Dinkins administration, said the shack shows that the “cancer” of homeless encampments is making a return to the city. “We’ll see more shanties like this because that’s where people would prefer to stay instead of a shelter where no one cares for you,” Lee said. Reached by The Post early Monday, the city’s Department of Transportation said the site was on borrowed time. “DOT is working with DHS and other sister agencies to clear out this site imminently,” spokesman Vincent Barrone wrote in an email.