Anthony Weiner gushed over ex-wife Huma Abedin on Saturday, insisting he wants her to be “happy” — as he desperately dodged questions about the bombshell revelation she’s dating actor Bradley Cooper. “I love her dearly, and I want her to be happy, and I am happy if she is happy,” said the scandal-scarred ex-congressman during his WABC-AM radio show. Weiner’s response came after being relentlessly goaded by WABC colleague Curtis Sliwa. The Guardian Angels founder goofed about the New York Post’s front page Wednesday, which included the headline “Huma’s New Hot Dog,” and featured a photo composite of Weiner staring over Cooper’s shoulder and Abedin off to the side. Weiner had desperately tried to deflect discussion of his ex’s hot new relationship, repeatedly bringing up how proud he is of his 46-year-old former spouse and relentlessly promoting her best-selling memoir “Both/And: A Life in Many Worlds,” which is being made into a TV series. The ex-congressman also boasted that he expected “someone handsome” to play him in the TV series. Sliwa, however had other ideas. “This could be the comeback for Pee Wee Herman,” said Sliwa, referring to actor Paul Reubens, who was once famously arrested for exposing himself in a movie theater. Weiner also joked about possibly having his own celebrity hookup. “We have to end right at 4 [p.m.]. Lady Gaga is picking me up,” he said. Earlier, he referred to recent reports of Mayor Eric Adams having a “secret” office on Pearl Street in Lower Manhattan and quipped Adams might be on to something. “I need a secret hideout with a week like this one,” he said. Abedin was introduced to the 47-year-old, Oscar-nominated Hollywood hunk by Vogue editor Anna Wintour, who adores both of them and played matchmaker, Page Six revealed Tuesday. Reports of Abedin’s new love interest popped up two weeks after Weiner, a 57-year-old convicted sex offender, announced his return to Twitter — the site that set the stage for his lewd selfie-fueled political downfall more than a decade ago. Abedin, the former vice chair of Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, filed for divorce from Weiner in 2017 after he was sentenced to nearly two years in prison for sexting with a 15-year-old North Carolina girl. They split after Abedin suffered through years of Weiner’s sex scandals, including images of a crotch shot he sent to woman while lying next to his young son in 2016. The disgraced pol had previously admitted to sexting at least three women in 2013 after he resigned from Congress.