Elon Musk confirmed on Thursday that he is fathered twins with an executive at his brain chip company Neuralink just weeks before welcoming his second child with Canadian pop star Grimes. “Doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis,” the Tesla CEO tweeted on Thursday. “A collapsing birth rate is the biggest danger civilization faces by far.” Musk in recent weeks has frequently tweeted about declining birth rates in the Western world. When a Twitter user asked father-of-nine Musk what was driving the trend, he replied: “Far too many people are under the illusion that Earth is overpopulated, even though birth rate trends are so obviously headed to population collapse.” In an earlier tweet, Musk remarked: “I hope you have big families and congrats to those who already do!” On Wednesday, Insider reported that Musk fathered his eighth and ninth children with Shivon Zilis, the 36-year-old director of operations and special projects at Neuralink. The twins were born just weeks before Musk welcomed his second child with Grimes (aka Claire Boucher), according to court documents cited by Insider. Exa Dark Sideræl was born via surrogate in December 2021. Musk and Grimes also share 2-year-old son X Æ A-Xii. Neuralink is Musk’s neurotechnology company that is advancing chips that will be implantable in human brains. At around the time that the twins were born, Musk told a business gathering that he believed the biggest threat to humanity is the declining birthrate. “I think one of the biggest risks to civilization is the low birthrate and the rapidly declining birthrate,” the father of six said at the Wall Street Journal’s annual CEO Council in December. “And yet, so many people, including smart people, think that there are too many people in the world and think that the population is growing out of control,” Musk continued. “It’s completely the opposite. Please look at the numbers — if people don’t have more children, civilization is going to crumble, mark my words.” The court documents obtained by Insider show that Musk and Zilis petitioned the court to change the twins’ names so that they would have their father’s last name while Zilis’ last name would be part of their middle name. A judge in Austin, Texas approved the request, according to Insider. Musk’s brood includes five children — Griffin, Vivian, Jenna, Kai, Saxon, and Damian — that he shares with his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson. The couple lost their first child, Nevada, who died of sudden infant death syndrome at just 10 weeks old in 2002.