A man was killed at a Michigan air show Saturday when his jet-fueled semi-truck exploded during a horrific pyrotechnic accident. The driver, identified as 40-year Chris Darnell, was racing two planes at around 1:10 pm during the Field of Flight Air Show at Battle Creek Field, hitting speeds of up to 300 miles an hour. But when he released the parachute from his “Shockwave Jet Truck,” as he was passing the area where the pyrotechnic display was set off, it burst into flames and blew up, WWMT reported. Spectators at the Fourth of July weekend extravaganza watched in disbelief, some shouting “No!” once the vehicle exploded. A local pastor got on the intercom after the blast and led the stunned crowd in a prayer for Darnell and his family, according to WXMI. “He was doing his show and going down the runway,” said Suze Gusching, media relations for Field of Flight. “He passed by the explosion, and his truck had exploded.” The Battle Creek Fire Department, Battle Creek Police Department, and Federal Aviation Administration are investigating. The rest of the air show was postponed for hours before it was ultimately canceled, WXMI reported. Saturday’s evening activities at the Michigan festival are still scheduled to take place as planned, as are Sunday and Monday’s events. The Shockwave Jet Truck, which is outfitted with three jet engines of a type used in Navy planes, is part of the Darnell Racing Enterprise’s show team. Based in Springfield, Missouri, the team’s three trucks have appeared at shows across the U.S. Friends of Darnell took to social media after the horrific accident to offer their condolences to his family. “RIP Chris Darnell … our thoughts and prayers are with his dad, Neal Darnell and the entire family,” wrote Scott Palmer on Facebook, calling the event and the family “one of the greatest.” Neal Darnell is the owner of Shockwave Jet Truck, according to his Facebook profile. “RIP Chris Darnell.  I’m still in shock that I witnessed your last moments today at Battle Creek before the unfortunate mishap that took your life,” wrote Shockwave fan Zak Priest. “I grew up watching you at Airshows around Michigan and Ohio and had the opportunity to meet and talk to you several times. Condolences to your family. You are a legend.” “Chris Darnell my heart is broken,” said Darrell Jones. “You gave me the ride of my life last Saturday and to think of how we talked about the future and how many more smiles you had to bring to people leaves me torn right now. My heart hurts for your family and team. Thank you for everything.”