Boris Johnson blamed Russia’s war in Ukraine on  “toxic masculinity” just days after Vladimir Putin defended his penchant for bare-chested photographs. The UK prime minister called the invasion a “crazy macho war” after Putin said Johnson would look “disgusting” if he attempted to flex his flesh like the Russian strongman. “If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it’s what he’s doing in Ukraine,” Johnson told a German television outlet Wednesday. “You need more women in positions of power. If Putin was a woman — which he obviously isn’t — but if he were, I really don’t think he would have embarked on a crazy macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has.” Russia’s foreign ministry fired back at the “boorish” barb and other remarks made by British Defense Secretary Ben Wallace in a terse statement to British Ambassador Deborah Bronnert. Wallace had said this week that Putin had “small man syndrome” and accused spokeswoman Maria Zakharova of “threatening to nuke everyone.” “Offensive rhetoric from representatives of the UK authorities is unacceptable. In polite society, it is customary to apologize for such statements,” Moscow’s scolding read. The international incident came as Putin responded to Johnson’s Sunday quip that G7 leaders should take their shirts off to “show that we’re tougher than Putin” and “show them our pecs.” Putin, 69, told reporters Thursday that the western leaders were not built well enough to flaunt their torsos, as he accused them of alcohol abuse and laziness. “I don’t know how they wanted to get undressed, above or below the waist,” he said. “But I think it would be a disgusting sight in any case.” “Everything in a person should be harmonious: both body and soul, but for that to happen it’s necessary to stop abusing alcohol and other bad habits, do physical exercise and take part in sports,” Putin added. The sporting enthusiast has kept his shirt on lately amid rumors that he is declining health, which Russia denies. Putin’s unprovoked invasion of the former Soviet territory continued to meet fierce Ukrainian resistance as it entered its fifth month this week. Ukraine defense officials said Wednesday that more than 35,000 Russian soldiers have been killed as the warring nation continues to target civilians in the horrific conflict, which was now largely centered in eastern Ukraine. With Post wires