The best time of year is back again: Amazon Prime Day 2022. To celebrate the widely loved retailer in all its glory, we made it our mission to pull the best deals so you can save big. There are plenty of amazing deals on Tuesday, July 12 and Wednesday, July 13 this year, from air fryers to outdoor patio furniture to a catalog of Amazon best-sellers. While we’re all for taking advantage of those high-ticket items (read: the best Prime Day splurges to pick up ASAP), we also want to honor the more affordable grabs (like dresses under $50 and home decor). So, we compiled an exclusive edit of the 35 best Amazon Prime Day deals under $100. To have you shopping more and scrolling less, we also categorized each item by category, from kitchen and home items to beauty and style steals. Oh, and while we have you — make sure to bookmark this page (as well as our Prime Day Live Blog for the best Lightning Deals and quick updates) and keep the New York Post Shopping homepage on your browser for the next two days. We’ll be providing of-the-moment updates to make sure you make the most out of this retail extravaganza. Click to jump to a specific sale category: It isn’t Prime Day if Keurig’s K-Slim Single-Serve K-Cup Pod Coffee Maker didn’t go on sale. For more than 50% off, snag one of our favorites (read: Keurig vs. Nespresso review) that brews fresh coffee without taking up too much of your countertop’s real estate. GreenLife’s 16-Piece Ceramic Nonstick Cookware Set is one of Amazon’s most-anticipated Prime Day deals — and for a good reason. It comes with everything your kitchen will ever need to be stocked with, as far as cookware sets go, and it’s nonstick with soft-grip handles. For 30% off, what’s not to love? It has never been a better time to pick up some baking dishes. Amazon Basics’ Oven-Safe Baking Dish Set is a budget-friendly set of two that doubles as a casserole dish for pasta bakes and turning Pinterest recipes into reality. Plus, its contoured rims are stunning. Whether you’re seeking a practical grab for summertime entertaining or simply want to have ice on hand for cocktail-making, Silonn’s Countertop Ice Maker is just shy of $100 this Prime Day. Notably, it’s a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, comes in a few fun-colored shades and — drumroll please — is impressively quiet. For 30% off right now, snag the KitchenAid Nonstick Frying Pans for that hard-anodized, induction-grade skillet set in sleek, matte black. Right now, it’s just shy of $80 and will up the ante on your cooking game, for sure. With more than 54K rave reviews from happy meal-preppers, Rubbermaid has a fabulous 44-Piece Food Storage Container Set for less than $80 right now. The snap-on lids are precisely what we look for in meal containers, too, and the various size options are a bonus. Clean lint traps like it’s your job with this easy, simple (and kind of fun) vacuum cleaner attachment and brush. For less than $15, you can’t go wrong. Now’s the season to pick up a new area rug to complement your outdoor patio furniture. For almost 50% off, Nicole Miller’s Azalea Outdoor Area Rug is bound to match any yard and garden-side layout. Plus, it looks great with a teak furniture set. Indulge in a good night’s rest with BedsPick’s Memory Foam Queen Mattress Topper. The heavily discounted item comes in other sizes, too, all with that plush add-on that’ll have you catching those ZZZs in the most peaceful way possible. We couldn’t believe our eyes when we realized Yankee Candle’s unbeatable large candles are a whopping 62% off during Prime Day. Though available in other scents, we love the medley of dried lavender and oak to provide a fresh yet subtly floral aura in your living space. Laneige’s Lip Sleeping Mask, the popular lip balm for dry and chapped lips, is now $15 during Prime Day (in other words: don’t walk, run). Once purchased, it’ll never leave your nightstand. With more than 16K rave reviews, St. Tropez’s Self-Tan Vegan Bronzing Mousse is one of the best self-tanners on the market, as it’s long-lasting, lightweight and 100% clean. It works well on sensitive skin and is conveniently 30% off right now. Pro tip: buy a self-tanning mitt, too. We need to turn you on to Color Wow’s Root Cover-Up. Available in a slew of shades to match your hair type, the 30%-off product is the easiest to apply, too: simply swipe on some product (much like your trusty eyeshadow palette) and apply it to your scalp area wherever your hair’s color is graying. And, voilá — it’s magic. If we can buy four makeup brushes and two sponges for just $16, we’re seizing the opportunity. Real Techniques, a leading brand in the makeup tools arena, is more than 20% off for Prime Day — just in time for your beauty stock-up. On a phenomenal discount, Adidas’ Women’s Cloudfoam Pure 2.0 Running Shoes are less than $40 for Amazon’s two-day event. They’re breathable, comfortable and will match with your favorite sports bra and leggings combo any day of the week. When else can you grab Levi’s New Boyfriend Jeans for just $29? Amazon Prime Day truly blessed us with some of the best women’s jeans on sale. The classic bottoms come in a vast size range and shade variety, too. Pick up Under Armour’s Tech Graphic Shorts this Prime Day, now just $12! The athletic pair is made with a quick-drying and ultra-soft fabric, which is great for spending time on your at-home rowing machine or treadmill for frequent workouts. How adorable is this Diana Top-Handle Crossbody Bag from The Drop? It’s just $28 this Prime Day, pairs wonderfully with linen pants and is the perfect mini bag to complete any look (just look at that textured exterior!) For 32% off, the Kindle Paperwhite is undeniably one of the best tech deals we’ve found during Amazon Prime Day. When paired with one of our favorite summer reads, you’ll take it everywhere — from the beach during the day to your bed at night. The myQ Chamberlain Smart Garage Control has more than 75K rave reviews and, now, is less than $20. You’ll never have to ask yourself if you’ve shut your garage door ever again, thanks to this bundle’s phone-compatible controls, one of which is pre-scheduling when they shut. Samsung’s Galaxy Buds are nearly $100 off this Amazon Prime Day and in this beautiful rose gold color that’s sleek and cancels out all noise. Other colors are on sale, too, and the carrying case doubles as a portable charger (a bonus!) Whether you’re thinking about kickstarting a podcast or simply want to amp up your tech setup, Blue Yeti’s USB Microphone is a solid buy. It’s one of the best ones you can shop for, much ado to its cardioid pickup patterns (for multi-directional sound) and easy-to-use, plug-and-play design. Let’s be real — we all have hundreds of photos in our camera roll and not as much in photo frames. Develop your precious memories with HP’s Sprocket Portable Instant Photo Printer which is less than $100 during Prime Day. Plus, the marble exterior is super on-trend. We can’t believe this ultra-thin, ultra-modern monitor from Sceptre is just $79. It’s an Amazon Choice product, features a high-resolution display and doesn’t take up too much space on your desk. Plus, more than 21K users love it. As an Amazon best-seller, Crest’s 3D Whitestrips are a no-brainer to pick up this Prime Day. You’ll receive 44 strips (or 20 whitening treatments) for a 35% off discount. This bundle with more than 63K rave reviews is the way to go to make your teeth a few shades whiter. On the market for a new electric toothbrush? The hum by Colgate is $40 off for Prime Day and, aside from the toothbrush, comes with a carrying case and an extra refill brush. There are three vibration modes and even boasts Bluetooth technology to help target spots that need more brushing (how cool is that)? We recently spoke to two hypertension experts on the best blood pressure monitors to keep on hand, and Withings made the cut of approved models. It has never been easier to track your levels without a doctor’s appointment (though do make one should you need to consult a medical professional), especially with its smart phone-compatible features. Also from Withings is its Body+ Wi-Fi Smart Scale, now just $70 this Prime Day. You’ll have instantaneous, quantifiable results on its built-in LED screen (as well as on the app) and it isn’t an eye sore when positioned in your bathroom or at-home gym. Amazon’s Halo Band is one of the snazziest, minimally designed fitness trackers you can wear that doesn’t look too bulky. Impressively, it’s 55% off during Prime Day and also helps track your heart rate, sleep time and more. Complete your home gym setup with a pair of Amazon Basics’ Vinyl-Coated Dumbbells. They come in different weight varieties and are great to help build some muscle (pro tip: read how Shakira’s fitness trainer uses them). If you have a baby or care for one, you know that diapers can be expensive. As one of the more practical buys this Prime Day, pick up Babyganics’ Unscented Diaper Wipes for a wealthy bundle (800, to be exact) so you’ll never run out. Soothe your baby straight to sleep with Airsee’s Portable Sound Machine. It also doubles as a night-light so your baby won’t be entirely in the dark; as well as coming with five nature-inspired sounds and three light levels. If you’re low on space or don’t feel like picking up and moving a full-blown high chair from room to room, the Fisher-Price SpaceSaver Simple Clean High Chair is your best bet. It’s just $37 this Prime Day, has a larger wrap-around tray to keep more food on the tray (instead of on the floor) and has an adjustable incline for bottle feeding. For just $35, Regalo’s Baby Gate is a sale to take advantage of this Prime Day. It’s sturdy, has an easy-to-install, walk-through design and isn’t too bulky to take up much space in the corridor of your choosing. Medela’s Manual Harmony Single-Hand Breast Pump is less than $25 right now and is perfect if you prefer a light and portable design that makes feeding as easy as can be. Its flex technology is specially designed with a soft rim to fit better and more comfortably, too. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.