Aug. 31, 1997 was a day that impacted the hearts and minds of people all over the world. It was on that hot summer evening that Princess Diana — the People’s Princess — took her last breath and died in a Paris car crash. HBO Max’s upcoming documentary, “The Princess,” will dive into the world’s “unhealthy obsession” with the late royal, incorporating archival footage from Diana’s life and death. Unidentified voices in the trailer note that “the princess has been the best thing to happen to the monarchy in centuries.” The mystery voice in the teaser also says, “The prince realizes that he’s taking second place,” presumably about Charles, who was infamously miffed by her worldwide fame. The doc will take a deep dive into the tumultuous marriage of Diana Spencer and Prince Charles, the role the media played in her life, her legacy and her relationship with her two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry. “A hallowed and tormented marriage is giving the media and its public nothing else to talk about,” a voice says. The trailer also cuts to background whisperings saying: “We have an unhealthy obsession [with her] and it’s the media that’s causing the problems.” “When you put a modern person into an ancient institution, they will be destroyed. At a certain point, the British people don’t want to hear anymore,” explained another voice. The film will premiere on August 13, ahead of the 25th anniversary of Diana’s passing. The official logline reads: “An intimate and immersive look at the life of Princess Diana examines the overwhelming adoration and intense scrutiny she faced by the media and the public as a member of the royal family.” “Princess Diana’s tragic death, caused in part by a high-speed pursuit by paparazzi, was a moment for reflection by both the public and the media machine it feeds. However, after nearly 25 years since Princess Diana’s death, has anything really changed?” The movie’s world premiere was at the 2022 Sundance Film Festival this past January. A press release also explained how the doc “unfolds as if it were in the present, allowing viewers to experience the overwhelming adoration, but also intense scrutiny of Diana’s every move and the constant judgment of her character.”