A Florida father is speaking out after a school board cut off his microphone as he denounced pornographic material in classrooms — claiming “somebody failed drastically” in the mission to protect young minds. Bruce Friedman, the Florida chapter president of No Left Turn in Education, which works to “restore parental function in public education,” was silenced during a June 30 Clay County School District board meeting as he read from a book he found at Fleming Island High School, Fox News reported. “Somebody failed drastically in their mission to protect children,” Friedman said. “As soon as I announced that I was going to read some books that parents — myself and others — found in the public school libraries that are clearly pornographic, [they] had the mic cut off.” Friedman believes the response was an “admission” by district officials that such pornographic materials exist in public school libraries. One of the books cited by Friedman at the meeting was “Lucky” by author Alice Sebold, which involves a college girl who was raped and includes details of the harrowing attack. The district’s online software for Fleming Island High School and Orange Park High School includes the book, Fox News reported. “I’m going to stop you right there, sir,” one board member told Friedman. “Turn off his microphone.” The concerned father was then told he wouldn’t be allowed to read “pornography” during the publicly broadcast meeting since it violated federal and state laws, according to the report. Friedman approached the school board members while carrying a poster he created to make his case against the concerning material. He believes his 15-year-old son, who previously attended school in New York, is being negatively impacted by the “poison” curriculum in the Sunshine State. “I sent my son to New York … public school for kindergarten and first grade — they did considerable harm to my boy,” Friedman told Fox News. “That is why I’m here — I never shook it off. I never stopped fighting. We got him into a private school promptly after first grade, but the damage was done. It took five years, in my opinion, to put him back on the right track.” The school board has not responded to a message seeking comment, Fox News reported. Friedman, meanwhile, is dismayed that the school board seemingly wanted his concern to “quietly go away” while taking issue with what he called indoctrination within US public schools. “The destruction of the nuclear family is one of their goals,” Friedman told Fox News. “Anything that sterilizes children, weakens the family, or otherwise overwhelms and burdens society to the point where people would be desperate and would fall naturally to rely on their government is their goal. Their further goal is power — power over the parents, power over their children.”