HIGHLAND PARK, Ill. — The mom of the accused Highland Park Fourth of July shooter once pleaded guilty to leaving him in a hot car for 27 minutes when he was just 2 years old — and assaulted his dad with a shoe and screwdriver, a newly released police report showed. The hot car incident, which occurred in 2002, was one of multiple encounters Robert Crimo III’s parents — Robert Crimo Jr. and Denise Pesina — had with law enforcement during his upbringing in the wealthy Chicago suburb. Cops were called to the family’s Highland Park home at least nine times between 2010 and 2014 for various domestic violence incidents, including ones where Pesina hit her husband with her shoe and a screwdriver, the police reports showed. The string of reports were released by police in the wake of their 21-year-old son’s arrest over the Independence Day mass shooting that left seven dead and 40 others injured in their hometown. In the car incident, Pesina ended up pleading guilty to child endangerment for leaving her then-toddler in the car alone — with the windows rolled up — in a toy store parking lot. Temperatures reached about 79 degrees on the day of the incident, according to police records. In one ordeal, in August 2010, Crimo Jr. told police that his wife was drunk and had struck him in the head with her shoe. Pesina hit back saying she was driven to drink because Crimo Jr. “disrespected and belittled” her, the report said. Just a few months later, in October 2010, cops were called to the home after Pesina allegedly hit her husband with a screwdriver. She told police Crimo Jr. had been “making mean statements to me” and “calling me names,” the report said. Crimo Jr. later backtracked and told cops he no longer wanted the screwdriver allegation included in the report. Neither Pesina or Crimo Jr. were ever charged with domestic violence over the string of incidents, according to court records. Meanwhile, the couple also repeatedly called cops on each other for allegedly trying to drunk drive. Crimo Jr. accused his wife in June 2011 of trying to pick up their daughter while drunk. Pesina then called cops in November 2013 claiming Crimo Jr. was trying to drive to work intoxicated, the reports showed. The parents have faced widespread scrutiny after it emerged the father sponsored the FOID card application that allowed Crimo to legally purchase a cache of guns, including the semi-automatic used in the massacre. In an interview with The Post on Wednesday, Crimo Jr. — a onetime local mayoral candidate — washed his hands of any guilt over how his son was able to obtain the gun. The father still sponsored the application three months after his son was labeled a “clear and present danger” by authorities for threatening to kill relatives in 2019. Crimo Jr. insisted he sponsored the application because he thought his son was going to use the weapon to go to the shooting range. “He bought everything on his own, and they’re registered to him,” the dad told The Post of his son’s weapons. “You know, he drove there, he ordered them, he picked them up, they did his background check on each one,” said Crimo Jr., insisting he had “zero” involvement in the massacre.