An anti-President Biden Super PAC accused Vice President Kamala Harris of engaging in “an insurrection against the United States of America” during “violent” Black Lives Matter protests. The group is trying to turn the tables on House Democrats investigating former President Donald Trump’s role in the Jan. 6, 2021 riots at the Capitol Building. A noteworthy development in what Democrats slammed as a publicity stunt is that the group — The Committee to Defeat the President — is targeting Harris instead of Biden, 79, as polling shows that most Democrats don’t want Biden to seek re-election in 2024. “In light of the violent riots and looting caused by Black Lives Matter (BLM) rioters, Vice President Kamala Harris was and is engaged in an insurrection against the United States of America based on her involvement and support of the BLM movement by praising, supporting, and encouraging BLM protestors,  supporting a BLM bail fund, and participating in BLM protests/marches,” Ted Harvey, chairman of the Committee to Defeat the President, said in a letter to sent to the secretary of states in all 50 states. Harvey claimed Harris’ actions make her “constitutionally ineligible under the Fourteenth Amendment to run for Federal office, and you should bar her from the 2024 Vice Presidential ballot.” The group leveled the same complaint with the California Secretary of State against Los Angeles Rep. Maxine Waters. “It’s about time that Kamala Harris and Maxine Waters were held accountable for the Black Lives Matter riots that brought crime and chaos to America. Democrats who explicitly incite insurgency should not be allowed to run for federal office,” Harvey said. Democrats scoffed at the right-wing group’s equating legitimate protests following the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis with the ransacking of the U.S. Capitol building by supporters of former President Trump who sought to overturn the 2020 election results. “They are comparing actual rioting at the nation’s Capitol building by President Trump’s supporters to promote the lie that the 2020 election was stolen and that led to the death of a Capitol police officer with a legitimate political protest,” said New York State Democratic Party chairman Jay Jacobs. “At best, this is a distraction. At worst, you’re part of a dangerous conspiracy to upend the democratically-elected government of the United States,” added Jacobs. The group initially formed as StopHillary.Com when Hillary Clinton ran for president. It became the Committee to Defend the President when Trump was in office and ran for re-election. The activists are now trying to defeat Biden and Harris. The anti-Biden group insisted its complaint about Harris had to do with the vice president’s actions and was not predicated on whether Biden will seek re-election. “No, it’s just that the evidence of Harris’ egregious, insurrectionist conduct is obvious and easily pointed to. Joe Biden barely got out of the basement enough to say or do much of anything,” a rep for the group said.