For this woman, life in plastic certainly is fantastic. Marcela Iglesias from Los Angeles, who previously spent $11,000 on breast augmentation to look like her idol Pamela Anderson, reveals that her OnlyFans stint is husband-approved. The 41-year-old, who is known as the Human Barbie, exchanges raunchy messages with younger men online for cash and has amassed 900,000 followers on Instagram as a model. Although the side hustle has become a lucrative gig, it wasn’t her idea to partake in the online debauchery. In fact, it was her husband, 54-year-old Steve Berman, who convinced her to try it. “It was my husband who suggested that I get an OnlyFans account,” the model told Jam Press. “He said I should do it so my fans could communicate with me and invest some money if they wanted my expert advice.” “Little did he know the attention I would get from men who want much more than that,” she added. Most of the time, she chats with her “toy boys” from around the world who spice up her inbox. “In the beginning, I was a little bit skeptical but now I love the attention,” she said. “Because I look very young, people can’t believe that I’m older than 35. I love when they call me a MILF.” But Iglesias affirms her husband isn’t jealous — he’s “secure,” she said. “I’m honest with him about the flirty messages I get and the toy boys I talk to, but he doesn’t interfere,” she explained. “He knows who I am and who he is and that’s all that matters.” She created her OnlyFans account only a month ago, but she’s already racked up a plethora of fantasy requests, fan mail and saucy messages. “As I grow older, I realize that life is about happiness and fulfilling desires, so at this moment I am living my own fantasies,” she said. But not all messages involve playful flirtation. Some seek out real relationship advice, which she enjoys. “Most of the time, men talk about stuff their wife doesn’t do and try to ask me for some suggestions about how they can interact better with their love life,” she dished. “I like to solve people’s problems, and I find many of them are very lonely. Sometimes they just need somebody to talk to.” She insists that she’s “more than a pretty face or a shallow person,” which the men eventually realize. “But men often ask me to send them nudes or send videos of myself grabbing my breasts and more, but I don’t do it – that’s for me and my husband only,” she said of her strict boundaries. “One man just wanted me to wear heels for him and show them off on camera, which is among the strangest requests I’ve had.” The self-titled “Queen of Hollywood” does more than bat her eyelashes on camera, though. In fact, she’s devoted to helping other “human dolls” who are reimagining their physical appearances through extreme surgery. Iglesias, who has a son named Rodrigo, has spent $81,000 on cosmetic operations, including Botox, fillers and “spider web abs.” But she doesn’t hoard her cash: In fact, she even offered to pay for her son’s nose job. Her husband, who she calls the “human Ken doll,” is just as keen on plastic surgery, and the pair have gone so far as to receive stem cell injections. “When we go out together, people tell us that we look like Barbie and Ken because we are both blond and have the doll-like aesthetic,” she said, adding that the doll represents more than just her looks. “I want to encourage all men and women around the world to pursue their dreams and achieve the look they want.”