Prime Day is coming to a close, but we aren’t turning down the heat just yet. For those still shopping on Amazon Prime Day 2022, we have some sizzling-hot deals on air fryers, that you need to see to believe. The humble air fryer really is a miracle-worker in the kitchen, able to fry, bake, broil and even grill your favorite meats, veggies and more in an instant. Speaking of “instant” read on for the best deals on hot brands like Instant Pot, DASH, Amazon Basics and more, adding each to cart before the last hours of Prime Day expire. Lastly, make sure to upgrade the rest of your kitchen with our top finds, shop the ever-growing list of lightning deals and check out our massive roundup of more than 125 Prime Day 2022 deals for the full rundown. Get crispy and delicious food in an instant with the beloved Instant Pot. The Vortex model can hold up to 5.7 quarts of your favorite foods, and is now priced under $100 for a limited time. Save up to 27% on this air fryer, and get one in every trendy color while you’re at it. This fryer comes in black, as well as a minty blue, red and white to match every kitchen counter. For a streamlined look and food perfection, Amazon has you covered. The Amazon Basics fryer is now on sale, and comes with settings to fry, bake, grill and roast with ease. Get this Amazon bestseller while the deals are still cooking. This COSORI indoor grill is a great way to grill, broil, roast, and more in one compact device. The best part is using Amazon Alexa or your Google Assistant to program and preheat the machine hands-free. Multitasking in the kitchen has never been more effortless with this dual-basket air fryer. The Ninja brand Foodi can hold up to 10 quarts of the good stuff, with six different functionalities. The best part is that each basket is unique and can simultaneously be set to different temperatures and settings. Put down the takeout fries now that you can cook your own at home. The Dash brand air fryer is great for a batch of fries, chicken, veggies and more, with a six-quart capacity and an automatic shut-off in case you get too hungry to remember.