Five people were shot on the boardwalk in Coney Island early Sunday — adding to a bloody tally of at least 10 gun victims in the city in just a few hours. Those injured in the violent spate of shootings included a woman hit by an apparent stray bullet on the street in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, a 31-year-old man left in critical condition after taking a bullet in the back on the Brooklyn boardwalk and a man killed in a dispute in a public-housing building in Canarsie in the borough, cops said. The Coney Island bullets flew at the boardwalk and West 21st Street in Brooklyn where a “large group” of people were gathering around 2 a.m., a police spokeswoman said. Two women – a 27-year-old and 26-year-old – were both shot in the left leg and taken to Lutheran Hospital. A 36-year-old man was shot in the chin and taken to the same hospital in stable condition. A 31-year-old man was shot in the back, and a 19-year-old man was shot in the leg. They both took private means to NYU Langone Hospital, where the older man was in critical condition. No description of the shooter was given, cops said. More than two dozen bullets were found on the scene. “Right now, the five victims are not saying anything,” a police source said. Meanwhile, a 31-year-old woman was shot in the arm while walking on a Brooklyn street around 3:26 a.m., cops said. The woman was walking at Emmons Avenue and Nostrand Avenue in Sheepshead Bay when a bullet struck her. “It just seems like she was walking and got hit,” a police source said, adding that the woman appeared to be an unintended target. Two more men were shot during a dispute outside a Bronx nightclub around 2 a.m. A 21-year-old man was shot in the hip and a 26-year-old was shot in the stomach at Last Stop Bar & Grill on White Plains Road, cops said. Both of them went to hospitals in stable condition. Two suspects fled the scene on foot. It was unclear what the dispute was about, cops said. Just before 9 a.m, a 44-year-old man was fatally shot inside a hallway at a Brooklyn public housing building, cops said. The victim, identified by police as Zamel Myers, and the unidentified shooter were in a dispute before the bullets flew in the Breukelen Houses on Flatlands Avenue, cops said. There was no immediate arrest. A couple hours later, at 11:12 a.m., a 21-year-old man was shot in the right leg at 1829 Haight Ave. in The Bronx and taken to Jacobi Hospital in stable condition. There was no known motive or suspects, cops said.