WASHINGTON — President Biden urged Americans to return to wearing face masks indoors after he tested negative Wednesday for COVID-19 — but admitted that even masked people may get sick. White House aides cheered Biden in the sweltering Rose Garden shortly before noon as the president left the executive mansion’s residence and walked down the West Wing Colonnade. “We made high-quality masks available for free. So you should consider wearing a mask when you’re in a crowded indoor public place,” Biden said in remarks that lasted approximately nine minutes and marked the end of his quarantine period. Biden didn’t mention that he caught the virus after generally not wearing masks indoors for months — in recognition of CDC guidance that such precautions were unnecessary in regions with lower prevalence of the virus. The president’s recent avoidance of masking indoors was believed to be an effort to broadcast a return to normalcy after 2 1/2 years of strict social restrictions. “The reality is that [Omicron subvariant] BA.5 means that many of us are still going to [get] COVID even if we take the precautions. That doesn’t mean we’re doing anything wrong,” Biden said after urging indoor masking. “Unfortunately this COVID is still with us.” Biden took no reporter questions as the temperature neared 90 degrees in Washington. He concluded his remarks by saying, “now I get to go back to the Oval Office” before turning to walk through the door. The president said in his speech that people can reduce their risk of serious illness by getting vaccinated — as he did four times — and by taking the antiviral Paxlovid after testing positive if in a higher-risk cohort. “When my predecessor [Donald Trump] got COVID, he had to get helicoptered to Walter Reed Medical Center. He was severely ill. Thankfully he recovered,” Biden said. “When I got COVID, I worked upstairs at the White House — at the offices upstairs for that five-day period,” the president added. “The difference is vaccinations, of course. But also three new tools free to all and widely available. “You don’t need to be president to get these tools for your defense,” Biden went on. “In fact, the same booster shots, the same at-home tests, the same treatment that I got is available to you.” Biden turns 80 in November and his advanced age and history of asthma put him at risk of serious illness. But he said that he didn’t worry after testing positive the morning of July 21, less than four days after he returned from a trip to Saudi Arabia. “We got through COVID with no fear — I got through with no fear and very mild discomfort,” Biden said. The president also sought to tamp down fears that restrictions on social interactions would resume as health authorities track an uptick in COVID-19 cases linked to highly contagious but less deadly Omicron subvariants. “Grandparents are hugging their grandkids again, Weddings, birthdays and celebrations are happening in person again. So let’s keep emerging from one of the darkest moments in our history with hope and light for what can come,” he said. In a public memo Wednesday morning, Biden’s physician Dr. Kevin O’Connor wrote that the president tested negative Tuesday evening before a second test Wednesday morning confirmed he was COVID-free. “As of this morning, he has completed five full days of isolation,” O’Connor wrote of Biden. “He remains fever-free and he discontinued use of any acetaminophen (Tylenol) for the past 36 hours.” “His symptoms have been steadily improving, and are almost completely resolved,” the physician added. O’Connor also noted that Biden will “wear a well-fitting mask for 10 full days any time he is around others” to prevent potential spread among members of the White House staff, Secret Service agents and anyone else required to be in close proximity with him. After testing positive, Biden immediately began a course of treatment that included a five-day cycle of the antiviral Paxlovid. During the treatment, O’Connor suspended Biden’s use of two heart medications to prevent negative interactions between the drugs. The president completed the Paxlovid treatment on Tuesday. The physician also warned of the possibility of “rebound” COVID-19 among patients treated with the antiviral.  With this in mind, O’Connor wrote, Biden “will increase his testing cadence, both to protect people around him and to assure early detection of any return of viral replication.” Since the president contracted the virus, O’Connor has released daily memos updating the public on his condition, but has not attended any White House briefings to directly speak with the press. Instead, Dr. Ashish Jha — Biden’s COVID-19 response coordinator — has answered questions on his behalf, much to the irritation of White House reporters who have pointed out it was a break with historical practice. Throughout his recovery, Biden has occasionally appeared via video to inform the press about his condition. “I’m feeling great,” Biden said Monday, revealing that he had slept “two full nights … all the way through.” “As a matter of fact, my dog had to wake me up this morning. My wife’s not here. She usually takes him out in the morning while I’m upstairs working out. And so I felt this nuzzle of my dog’s nose against my chest about five minutes to 7,” he added. The symptoms Biden experienced during his COVID fight included a runny nose, fatigue, occasional coughing and a sore throat.