Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney is so exasperated by ongoing gun violence that he says he’s looking forward to leaving office after two cops were shot during the city’s July Fourth festivities. Kenney, a Democrat first elected in 2015, didn’t mince words early Tuesday in the aftermath of Monday’s shooting in front of the Philadelphia Art Museum that left two officers wounded during a free concert and fireworks show. “The weather was beautiful, the concert was beautiful, but we live in America, and we have the Second Amendment, and we have the Supreme Court of the United States telling everybody they can carry a gun wherever they want,” Kenney told reporters just after midnight while standing with Philly police brass outside Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, where the officers were recovering. “We have to come to grips with what this country is about right now,” the mayor said. Kenney said he’s so worried by gun violence marring city events that he no longer appreciates them, or even holidays. “I don’t enjoy the Fourth of July, I don’t enjoy the Democratic National Convention, I didn’t enjoy the NFL draft — I’m waiting for something bad to happen all the time,” he said. “So I’ll be happy when I’m not here — when I’m not mayor and I can enjoy some stuff.” Pressed by a reporter, Kenney doubled down on his remarks, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer. Asked if he’s looking forward to leaving office, the mayor responded, “Yeah, as a matter of fact.” What had been a “laid-back, chill day” in the City of Brotherly Love took a dramatic turn when someone opened fire at the public event, Kenney said. “We had a beautiful day out there except for some nitwit … who has a gun and probably shouldn’t have had it.” The wounded officers, who had graze wounds to the head and shoulder, have since been treated and released from a hospital, Kenney tweeted early Tuesday. “We will continue to do everything we can to combat our city’s gun violence – including taking a record number of guns off the streets – but we are fighting an uphill battle,” Kenney said. “We are pleading with lawmakers to help us stop the flow of guns into our city.” Kenney said he’s determined to find an answer to combat the city’s gun violence that has contributed to 267 homicides as of Monday — a 5% decrease from the same time in 2021, according to Philadelphia police data. A record 562 people were killed in the city last year. “Our traditions cannot and will not be ruined by the scourge of gun violence,” Kenney tweeted. “I love this city, and as mayor, there’s nothing more I want than to help solve this problem and keep our residents and visitors safe.” Blowback to Kenney’s comments came quickly — with at least one person suggesting he step down. “I know you’d probably had a couple but pull it together for the cameras,” one reply read. “Or just resign, obvious your heart’s not into it anymore.” Others took the opportunity to take shots at Kenney, claiming he had united both Democrats and Republicans in the city in calling for his resignation. “Looking forward to you finally getting to enjoy stuff,” a critic quipped. A message seeking comment from Kenney’s office was not immediately returned early Tuesday. “Proud to serve as Philadelphia’s mayor,” his Twitter bio reads. No arrests in the cops’ shooting have been as of early Tuesday, Philadelphia police told The Post. Meanwhile, a New Jersey man said he’ll never again attend a large public gathering. “The barricades were being knocked over,” Blake Miller told CBS Philadelphia of the chaos after the shots were fired. “It was just a mad dash from every direction. From this experience that happened today, I will no longer be going to crowded, big areas, especially during the Fourth. I will never take my children anywhere to a crowded event like that.”