Shopping is never a bad idea — especially when it’s shopping designer-loved brands. The best part about shopping for high-end items is that you don’t always have to pay full price. You can add top fashion brands, such as Tom Ford, Celine and Allen Edmonds, to your carts at discounted prices during the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale 2022. The stellar shopping event brings new arrivals from more than 100 brands — including luxury finds — and kicks off with early access to Nordstrom Nordy Club members on July 6. The sale opens to the general public on July 15 until July 31. Below, you can find the full sale dates and details. Though, you should know that quantities are limited and designer brands are going to fly off the shelves left and right. After all, who doesn’t want a Ted Baker coat for over $200 off or a Chloé Eau de Parfum Set for just $102? To make sure you don’t miss out on grandeur finds, start building your designer wishlist now by accessing the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale preview and shopping as soon as your sale date hits. Get shopping and adding to your wishlist by checking out our men and women’s Nordstrom Anniversary Sale designer picks below. And don’t forget to shop the rest of the sale, which includes categories such as women, men, kids, home, beauty, kitchen and more. Every well-dressed man should invest in a Ted Baker London sport coat. This option features a plaid print and is made of stretch-wool. We would be lying if we said we didn’t own a pair of these Allen Edmonds Courtside sneakers. The minimalist style makes them ideal for pairing with dress pants or dressing them down with shorts. Don’t just look good — smell good, too. The Versace fragrance set includes both a full-size spray alongside a travel-size spray. Don’t skip out on these sleek, refined Versace square sunglasses. Made with a stylish Italian design, everyone will be wondering where you snagged them at such a low cost. Both functional and luxurious, this Versace watch includes a Greek key pattern, geometric indexes and the brand’s recognizable Medusa head. Brining together suede and leather, this Salvatore Ferragamo low top sneaker is crisp and clean. We can’t get enough of the cobalt blue colors and are head-over-soles for the logo stamp. Add a bit of detail to your outfit with this white buckle belt. Crafted in Italy, it’s made with premium calfskin leather. Ladies, this is the white sneaker you’ve been looking for. Featuring a perfectly worn-in look, this P448 mid top sneaker features a side logo and a contrasting tongue. With an ode to the early 2000s, this Vince Camuto slouchy boot is both sleek and sophisticated. It’s made with supple sheepskin suede and features the perfect heel height. This Vince Camuto fabric blouse is the classic work staple you’ve had your eye on. Details include a casual V-neck and an easy pull-on style. Give your feet a break with this memory foam cushioned flat. Featuring arch support and a chunky lugged sole, this is the ideal shoe for both work and the weekends. Ready to score two creamy, full-coverage lipsticks? Us, too. This YVES Saint Laurent duo includes both Brown No Way Back and Fiery Spice shades. Well, don’t mind us if we snag these sleek, polarized sunnies for ourselves. Details include a lightweight frame, scratch resistant frames and optimal clarity. Summer is here, and that means it’s time to treat your skin to a little bronzing action. These two Tom Ford silky body oils come in various shades to offer you a sun-kissed look. A Tom Ford fragrance is always a good idea — especially when it’s a beauty exclusive deal. This set comes with both a travel spray and at-home fragrance in Rose Prick. Invest in a staple piece with this Ted Baker cotton-blend coat. Look forward to dramatic lapels and sophisticated style. A bag can either make or break an outfit, so ensure you make it with this Rebecca Minkoff quilted tote. It’s spacious to be used as a work tote but stylish enough to be carried around town. This Chloé set comes with a full and travel sized Chloé Eau De Parfum and a body lotion. It’s ideal for gifting or keeping for yourself. One of our favorite brands is none other than Sam Edelman, and this exceptional lambskin moto jacket proves why. Featuring notched lapels and contrasting piping, it’s a must-have. If you don’t have a pair of western-inspired boots in your closet, now is your chance to grab some. These Allsaints heeled boots add the right amount of shine with its nail-head detailing while keeping it classy with it’s Italian leather. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.