Vice President Kamala Harris is expected to visit Chicago on Tuesday — one day after the Monday mass shooting that killed at least six people and wounded dozens more in a northern suburb of the crime- and violence-ridden city. “I am going to travel to Chicago tomorrow morning to address the National Association of Educators — NEA,” Harris told reporters after visiting with firefighters in Santa Monica, Calif. Harris did not say if she would visit with victims of the Fourth of July parade shooting in Highland Park, Ill., about 25 miles north. “Part of what I’m preparing — sadly, I was preparing it before, but it’s resonant every day — is a whole section on what our teachers go through. They go to school to learn how to teach our children to inspire their ambition to create the future generations of leaders and our teachers are also in training to deal with an active shooter,” Harris said. “Our teachers are having to learn how to put a tourniquet on a kid if they have been shot. And so when we look at the issue of gun violence, and when we look at the dangers that it presents to communities, it ranges and it is something that we should take very seriously.” The trip was announced on Friday before the shooting. Police have not yet identified a suspect in the mass shooting, but are looking for a white male with long dark hair who is aged 18 to 20 years. Crime in Chicago, led by Democratic Mayor Lori Lightfoot, is up 34% this year compared to 2021, according to police statistics as of June 19. Violent crime — including murder, criminal sexual assault, aggravated battery and robbery — increased 9.6% so far this year. President Biden was scheduled to host an Independence Day celebration on the White House lawn Monday evening before watching fireworks over the National Mall. In a written statement, Biden said he was “shocked by the senseless gun violence that has yet again brought grief to an American community on this Independence Day.” Biden added, “I recently signed the first major bipartisan gun reform legislation in almost thirty years into law, which includes actions that will save lives. But there is much more work to do, and I’m not going to give up fighting the epidemic of gun violence.” The bipartisan reform law aimed to, among other changes, establish more substantial background checks for people between the ages of 18 and 21 — after 18-year-old suspects in May used AR-15-style semiautomatic rifles to murder 10 people at a Buffalo grocery store and 21 people at an Uvalde, Texas, elementary school. The Highland Park tragedy follows the vehicular assault on a Christmas parade in Waukesha, Wis., in November that killed six people. The suspect in that attack, Darrell Brooks, is charged with first degree murder.