Veteran NBA guard Lou Williams didn’t always embrace his “Lemon Pepper Lou” nickname. In the latest episode of “The Draymond Green Show,” Williams discussed the narrative of the name, and said it was “difficult” for him to deal with backlash over his infamous visit to Magic City during the 2020 NBA bubble season. “It was difficult for me, because I felt like it was getting to a point where all the s–t I accomplished, how I’ve carried myself over my career, they were just trying to attach some goofy s–t to my name,” said Williams, who is a free agent after finishing last season with the Hawks. The Clippers traded Williams to Atlanta for Rajon Rondo in March 2021. “So, I was fighting a narrative. I was fighting a narrative, because they were trying to make me out to be a goofy. Like I was out here trippin,’ And I was like, ‘C’mon, that has never been my M.O. Let’s not start that.’ I’m getting to the end of my career. I’m in year 15, and y’all talkin’ like I’ve been trippin’ this whole time.” Williams was required to quarantine in the NBA bubble for a 10-day period in July 2020 after he made a pitstop at Magic City strip club in Atlanta for dinner. The incident — which stemmed from an excused absence to attend the funeral of his mentor, Paul G. Williams — caused him to miss two of the Clippers’ regular season seeding games. “The chicken wing story … When I go there, if I don’t go to the strip club, I’m going to get me some chicken wings, so when you said it I knew what it was,” Green said. “None of us were pandemic experts at the time. Nobody, and so everything I did that day I thought I did it responsibly and this s–t took a life of its own,” Williams said. Williams, who is a native of Atlanta, is a frequent visitor to Magic City, which has a wing named after him called, “Louwill Lemon Pepper BBQ.” He trademarked “Lemon Pepper Lou” in September 2020. The trip to Magic City received backlash because it was against the league’s COVID-19 policy at the time. The NBA investigated the matter after a now-viral photo of Williams showed him wearing a mask while at Magic City with rapper Jack Harlow during his excused absence. “Lemon Pepper is here to stay and I fought it for a minute because of the way people were trying to perceive me, like ‘I snuck out the bubble to go to Magic City. I was like, ‘Come on man,'” Williams said. “That was my only thing just trying to navigate the narrative behind my decision. Was it a great decision? Looking back in hindsight probably not. But at that time, I didn’t think I was trippin’ I didn’t think I was doing nothing wrong. I could see it both ways.” Williams said he took his 10-day quarantine period “like a man,” and “didn’t fight” the decision handed down by the league. “[NBA Commissioner] Adam [Silver] called me straight up and said ‘we’re going to give you 10 days quarantine because sh-t doesn’t look good.’ I said, ‘Yes sir’ and got off the phone,” Williams said. Williams — a three-time Sixth man of the Year — reportedly insisted that he was grabbing take-out food from Magic City at the time. “I truly was grieving two weeks ago. I was going through something and then I was thrown under the bus,” Williams said in August 2020. “All the attention turned to Magic City because it’s a gentleman’s club. I feel like if I was at a steakhouse or Hooters or whatever, it wouldn’t be half the story. But it is what is.”