She won’t break your soul, but she just might break the internet. Despite having joined TikTok back in December, Beyoncé was silent on the app — until her latest single “Break My Soul” broke the airwaves. Compiling snippets from fans’ TikToks dancing to her newest hit — including one from rapper Cardi B — Beyoncé posted her first video on Thursday, with the caption, “Seeing y’all release the wiggle made me so happy! Thank you so much for all the love for BREAK MY SOUL! – Love B.” The clip amassed 1.7 million views in less than a day. The “WAP” rapper’s cameo in the clip lasted only a few seconds of the more than 1-minute-long video, featuring a playful montage of fans vibing out in flashy outfits, with some cracking a few jokes. “NOT BEY HAVING ME VOGUEING UP N THIS MASHUP,” wrote featured TikToker Nate White within the comments section. “I woulda brushed my hair.” “MY WIG IS ORBITING SATURN! BEYONCÉ YOU HAVE DONE IT AGAIN! SENT ME INTO CARDIAC ARREST ON THIS FLIGHT,” commented style influencer Joshua Holmes, who also makes an appearance. “LOVE YOU QUEEN.” “Can’t believe I’m witnessing Beyoncé’s TikTok era,” joked another below. “Imagine being in Beyoncé’s first tiktok post,” added another dismayed follower. Even the official NFL account on TikTok was ready to roll out the red carpet for Queen Bey. “WELCOME ,” they wrote. Following the single’s release on June 20, Beyoncé — to no one’s surprise — broke records when she hit No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, marking her as history’s first female solo artist to get 20 singles in the top 10 songs. The 40-year-old singer also announced her highly anticipated seventh studio album, “Renaissance,” slated for release on July 29. “Creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world,” she captioned her announcement on Instagram, spotlighting the cover art for the project. She continued, “I hope you find joy in this music. I hope it inspires you to release the wiggle. Ha! And to feel as unique, strong, and sexy as you are.”