50 Cent’s new horror movie is so bloody realistic that even a cameraman couldn’t watch it. A crew member fainted during the filming of a gory scene for the upcoming horror flick “Skill House,” according to the Super Bowl halftime show performer, producer Ryan Kavanaugh and writer-director Josh Stolberg (“The Hangover”) A video obtained by TMZ Hip Hop initially focuses on a bloody actor but it’s the camera operator who ends up stealing the show when his grip becomes wobbly and he falls to the ground. “Yikes!!! We shot a kill scene last night and the camera operator became so nauseated that he passed out and the camera crashed to the ground,” Stolberg, 51, tweeted about the incident on Sunday, along with images of some blood-stained props. “Had to stop down for a 1/2 hour. He’s okay now but… get ready for some crazy s- -t!” “Crazy night one of our camera men passed out cold for 30min from the scene,” the “Candy Shop” rapper, 47, reiterated in a quote tweet on Tuesday. “Couldn’t take how real it was. We’re elevating horror to the next level. This is gonna change the rules of the game,” he boasted. “Had to stop production while medic tended to him. Insane!!!!” Kavanaugh, 47, captioned a picture on Instagram. The rapper was not on set during the incident, sources told TMZ, but actors — including Amira Mertaban — apparently were. Bystanders and medics rushed to help the worker, who is reportedly fine and will continue to work on the set — if he can stomach it. Famous special effects artist Steve Johnson — who worked with Stolberg on the last two “Saw” movies — created the faint-worthy scene. Stolberg described the plot to the Wrap as “a dark satire of social media and influencer culture, exploring how far people will go for online fame,” which at least partly explains why TikTok star and influencer Bryce Hall stars in and produces the movie. 50 Cent and UFC icon Paige VanZant are also actors and producers. The cast additionally includes Leah Pipes, McCarrie McCausland, Ivan Leung, Neal McDonough, John DeLuca, Caitlin Carmichael, Dani Oliveros, Emily Mei and Jacob Skidmore. Neither 50 Cent nor Stolberg was immediately available for comment when contacted by The Post. A release date for “Skill House” has yet to be announced.