The latest conspiracy theory spreading across TikTok encouraged people not to drink booze over the holiday weekend to ensure they reach a new dimension when a particle accelerator revved up this week. The bizarre conjecture is part of a growing New Age movement on TikTok that was discussed on the Fever Dreams podcast, which is hosted Daily Beast politics reporter Will Sommer. New Agers believe abstaining from drinking and other “low vibration” activities before the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland was revved up on Tuesday for fear they’ll get stuck in a past universe, Sommer and guest Andrew Kirell, also of the Daily Beast, discussed. “There is a growing New Age movement that believes that if you had an alcoholic beverage on July 4, there is a good chance you may be stuck in this dimension when we all jump to the new world,” Sommer said on the podcast. The Hadron Collider, located in Geneva, was recently started for the first time in a couple of years. “And so this idea that we’re all gonna go into another dimension, into the multiverse,” Sommer said, noting one TikTok user advises people to keep their vibrations high to make the dimension jump. “And so this is something I was really not aware of until the 4th of July when suddenly we started seeing all these TikToks online of people saying we’re going to jump to the next dimension on July 5,” he continued. “Now, that means you need to be in a really positive space when the Hadron Collider gets turned on, you need to be ready to journey through the abyss so drinking is going to open up your demonic pores.” TikTokers believe one sign of dimension travel is the “Mandela effect” which is misremembering things like “Febreze” is spelled “Febreeze.” “And really, all this is just people’s inability to process nostalgia,” Kirell said. Kirell, who had a drink on Independence Day, said, “The vibe shift is everyone leaves for a different dimension and I’m left here with all the people who had a beverage on July 4 then that would be pretty sick, honestly.” “The squares have moved onto a different dimension,” Sommer quipped.