Online clothing retailer Fashion Nova has been hit with backlash for stocking a barely-there bikini that critics claim is inappropriate for the beach. The “Butterfly Babe Thong 2 Piece Bikini” — which currently retails for $11.99 — went on sale over the weekend, with the skimpy swimwear quickly attracting attention for all the wrong reasons. Fashion Nova shared a photo of the raunchy  garment to its official Instagram account on Sunday, captioning: “Well, This Will Leave An Interesting Tan Mark. ⁠Our Bikini Will Have Everyone Feeling A Little Extra Hot This Summer.” While the blue bikini top didn’t raise any eyebrows, the matching bottoms shocked shoppers with a thin piece of fabric barely concealing the model’s private parts. The meager bottoms featured a diamante butterfly in place of fabric just above the crotch area, with one detractor declaring that Fashion Nova could have wearers arrested for “indecent exposure.” Other haters chimed in, with one blasting: “What is with this style?!? May as well be naked.” Another raged that the swimwear was pointless and that bathers should “just swim bottomless at this point.” Several others stated that the bikini should only be worn in the bedroom, and wasn’t appropriate for any outdoor use. Elsewhere, another Instagram user mocked the fast-fashion label over the risque garment, sarcastically stating: “Perfect for the family pool party.” “LMFAO IMAGINE OUR FATHERS SEEING US IN THIS,” one woman responded. Fashion Nova has yet to respond to the furor, and it’s unclear whether the controversy has translated to strong sales for the brand. However, there were some Instagram users who admired the bold bikini, claiming they had to have it in their wardrobes. “I need!” one cooed, with another stating: “Definitely adding to my wish list.” The “Butterfly Babe” bikini is not the first skimpy piece of swimwear to cause controversy this year, after Chinese retailer Shein was criticized for a similarly revealing number. And, in May, Coco Austin, 43, was blasted for wearing a thong bikini to a family water park in the Bahamas, with dozens of detractors saying it was “inappropriate.”