Derek Carr appears to be done playing nice. During a recent press conference ahead of training camp, the Raiders quarterback addressed his previous statement that “no one thinks anything of us,” and it led to an edgy exchange with ESPN reporter Paul Gutierrez. After Carr explained that “nobody cares” about outside noise, Gutierrez pressed, “If it doesn’t matter, Derek, why do you talk about it?” — which appeared to strike a chord with the Pro Bowl quarterback. “Thank you, Paul, it’s so good to see you,” Carr replied with sarcasm and an eye roll. “I say it because I’m a positive person, and I try and encourage my teammates. There’s a way that I say things to encourage my locker room to maybe put a chip on their shoulder, and sometimes I do it too much. And so I don’t appreciate your tone either, you can pump that back a little bit.” Prior to to the tense exchange, Carr vowed to speak his mind more amid chatter that Las Vegas will struggle to compete in a stacked AFC West — which includes quarterbacks Russell Wilson, Patrick Mahomes and Justin Herbert. “That crap don’t matter, you know. We have to go play the football games, and that’s honestly how I feel,” the 31-year-old Carr said about critics doubting the Raiders. “I just got to be more honest. I just got to start speaking my mind. And as I’m getting older, I just say what I want to say. And so my real answer is the expectation, all that kind of stuff, who says that honestly, it doesn’t matter, it really doesn’t, whether they don’t say anything or they say a lot. Nobody cares. But hopefully, they talk about us at the end. But right now, that crap don’t matter.” Carr threw for a career-high 4,804 yards, last year, which ranked fifth in the NFL ahead of Joe Burrow, Josh Allen and MVP Aaron Rodgers. Carr led the Raiders to a playoff appearance in a tumultuous season that saw former head coach Jon Gruden resign after past emails revealed racist, anti-gay and misogynistic language. Las Vegas introduced its new head coach in Josh McDaniels in January. The Raiders then traded for and signed Carr’s good friend and former teammate at Fresno State, Davante Adams, to a five-year, $140-million contract.