Now is your time to reap all the benefits of an Amazon Prime membership for no cost at all. Ahead of Amazon Prime Day 2022, new members can sign up for a free 30 day trial. On July 12 and 13, Amazon will release numerous deals and exclusive discounts on everything from technology to home supplies and beauty products. There has never been a better time to snatch up a Prime Membership. Take advantage of this free deal and you will walk away with access to thousands of deals, free-shipping, speedy delivery, streaming, entertainment, and so much more. Tip: Make sure to check out our roundup on the best deals ahead of prime day as well as where you can take advantage of overlapping sales from a variety of merchants. There’s no better time than to invest in a Prime Day membership! Ahead read our top five reasons to give Amazon Prime a try. You’re already paying for the product, why pay for shipping too when you don’t have to? With Amazon Delivery, you can have your items shipped out fast for free. Nothing compares to the anticipation you feel waiting for your orders to be delivered. For the anxious shoppers out there, Amazon Prime provides guaranteed same-day, one-day, and two-day delivery on millions of items. Keep your eyes peeled for the blue Prime logo, which marks all products eligible for no-cost, expedited shipping services. If you’re guilty of going to the grocery store with a small list, only to come back without enough arms to carry your bags out, Prime grocery delivery might be the safest option for you. Between Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods on Prime, there is no shortage of healthy, delicious options for you to add to your cart. Prime members can select a two-hour delivery window for no cost on Amazon Fresh and for as low as $9.95 with Whole Foods. Delivery is available in select U.S cities. Perhaps one of the best selling points, Prime Video has all your favorite shows and movies on one streaming platform. Explore over 20,000 titles, from comedy specials to sports, to investigative documentaries and thrilling drams. You will never get bored with award-winning Amazon Original series’ like “Reacher,” “The Summer I Turned Pretty,” and “Terminal List.” Access to all this content will make your $15 Amazon Prime membership well worth it. Thousands of music stations, your favorite artists, and over 2 million songs in one place. Say less. Skip the ads and plug in to Amazon Music, included with your Prime membership. Amazon Music allow you to listen offline so you can jam out wherever you go. Or, for those who are less musically inclined, check out one of the millions of podcast episodes and learn something new. Ready to start your own book club? Let us pass the tea first. With Prime Reading, members have unlimited access to a rotating catalog of ebooks, audiobooks, comics and magazines. Dive into the hottest bestsellers like “Sold on a Monday,” “The Perfect Marriage,” and “The Good Lie.” To top off this deal, you score one free pre-release every month from the editor’s picks section. For more summer reading recommendations check out our official roundup on the best beach reads. Snatch up free delivery, award-winning TV, exclusive deals, and more for no cost at all for the next 30 days. Cancel anytime or renew for only $15 a month plus tax. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.