Americans don’t trust President Biden with their money — or anything else. As new data showed the annual rate of inflation hit 9.1% in June, its highest level since November 1981, a survey released Wednesday found that more than half of Americans (56%) believe Biden’s policies have made economic conditions worse. Another 32% told the Pew Research poll that Biden’s policies have not had much effect on the economy, while just 11% said he has made conditions better. When broken down by party, even Democrats were more likely to say Biden’s policies had made economic matters worse (27%) than had made them better (20%). In all, just 13% of US adults rate the economy as “excellent” or “good” — drastically down from the 57% that said the same in early 2020 and less than half of the 28% of respondents who said the same in January of this year. While the survey was conducted June 27 through July 4 — more than a week before June’s inflation reading was released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics — it found that 96% of Americans are “very” or “somewhat concerned” about the rising prices of food and other consumer goods. Almost the same percentage of respondents (94%) said they were very or somewhat concerned about rising prices for gas and other energy, while 87% said the same about the cost of housing. The survey also reported abysmal approval ratings for Biden, finding that only 37% of Americans like the job he is doing as president, while a whopping 62% disapprove. Biden is also underwater with the American public on a variety of key issues. For example, 50% said they were “not at all” confident or “not too” confident in his response to the COVID-19 pandemic while just 49% said they were “somewhat” or “very” confident. Similarly, 61% said they didn’t trust the president to make good decisions about economic policy, 60% said the same about immigration policy, 59% said they doubted Biden’s ability to handle an international crisis and 74% said they lacked confidence in the president to “bring the country closer together.” As the Biden administration has been dogged by crises ranging from a surge in illegal border crossings to a string of mass shootings, the president’s popularity has suffered accordingly. Last week, Biden’s approval rating crashed to a new low of 30% in one poll while nearly two-thirds of Democratic voters told another pollster they don’t want him to run again in 2024. The Biden administration has attempted to brush off the numbers, with White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre saying Monday: “You know, there’s going to be many polls. They are going to go up and they are going to go down. This is not the thing that we are solely focused on.” Meanwhile Biden himself has cherry-picked numbers from recent polls to claim he’s still politically viable. “They [Democrats] want me to run,” Biden​ told reporters Tuesday. “Read the poll. Read the polls, Jack. You guys are all the same. That poll showed that 92% of Democrats, if I ran, would vote for me.” “A majority of Democrats say they don’t want you to run again in 2024,” one reporter pointed out. “Ninety-two percent said if I did, they’d vote for me,” the president said, referring to a New York Times/Siena College poll of a potential rematch with former President Donald Trump.