Don’t expect to see Jon Stewart in the Oval Office anytime soon. The former “Daily Show” host said Friday that there’s no presidential run in his future, despite the suggestion by a viral op-ed that Stewart should make a White House bid in 2024. “Ummm… no thank you,” Stewart tweeted after Politico published an opinion piece declaring him the Democratic Party’s best chance at holding onto the White House. In the op-ed, entitled “If Tucker Runs in 2024, Here’s Who the Democrats Need,” author Juleanna Glover insisted Srewart is “a better fit than most politicians for what modern politics has become.” Tucker Carlson’s name has been bandied about as a potential Republican candidate, but the Fox News primetime anchor shut down those rumors recently, telling Ben Smith, co-founder of Semafor and a former New York Times media columnist, that he is not interested. “I have zero ambition, not just politically, but in life,” Carlson told Smith. “My ambition is to write my script by 8 p.m. … I don’t want power, I’ve never wanted power — I’m annoyed by things, I want them to change — but I’ve never been motivated by a desire to control people.” Nonetheless, the Politico article speculated that Stewart would make a most formidable rival to the most viewed anchor in cable television. Referencing the time Stewart famously tangled with Carlson on a 2004 “Crossfire” episode, Glover said he might be the only worthy opponent should the Fox News host decide to run. The op-ed continues: “Stewart’s definition of being an entertainer has him wrestling with the kind of big, serious topics that actual politicians specialize in avoiding.” Although, Stewart shot down any presidential hype, he did highlight one political issue close to his heart — health care. He tweeted out to his 1.3 million followers: “But while I have your attention, could all of you (including news orgs) please ask Pat Toomey why he is single-handedly stalling a veterans health care bill that passed (with) huge bipartisan support over a technicality? Asking for 3.5 million friends.” Stewart also has been one of the fiercest advocates for September 11th Victim Compensation Fund. But his popularity has hit some headwinds. The comedian and political commentator is struggling to gain traction on his new talk show on AppleTV, “The Problem with Jon Stewart.”