Geeks of Earth! San Diego International Comic Con rocked the world with major announcements, reveals, exclusive events—and of course—shocking cosplay. The comic book industry has erupted in popularity in recent decades, now taking the crown as one of the most successful businesses in the world. With a whole slew of content hitting our television and movie screens, as well as products, action figures, music and more—the comic book industry is thriving more than ever before. The most iconic and important comic con in the world—San Diego International Comic Con—certainly did not disappoint. I was able to experience it first hand with one of my best friends—and it was one of the most special weekends I have ever experienced in my entire life. I cried. I laughed. I fell in love with life. I felt beautiful. I found passion. I prayed. I met new people. Heard new stories. Held hands. Kissed someone. Felt respected. Felt powerful. There is something truly magical about San Diego Comic Con and as the train took me home, I cried and laughed again. To understand the excitement of Comic Con, the New York Post spoke exclusively with Paul Florez-Taylor—known as the Comic King. We put our heads together to create the definitive list of the hottest and biggest news that came from San Diego International Comic Con this year. Follow the Comic King for everything that’s hot in geekdom! Find out what your zodiac sign must know about Comic Con! Aries fans were screaming when they saw the “Shazam: Fury of the Gods” trailer drop! Lucy Liu as the iconic Kalypso? Sign us up! We very much stan this quirky and heartfelt franchise led by dreamboat Zachary Levi and cannot wait for this latest installment to drop in theaters this holiday season! Did you see the rest of the Shazam family in action? #SquadGoals Major standom was also happening at the Hasbro booth, where “Wakanda Forever” Marvel Legends were being revealed, including Tenoch Huerta’s Namor. “Just happy to be back in San Diego,” Hasbro Marketing Guru exclusively told us when we swung by their booth. All eyes were on their panel, and they delivered some incredible news such as the announcement of a “Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends” boxset featuring Firestar and Iceman! Rumors swirled that Henry Cavill would be a making a surprise appearance at the Warner Brother’s panel, but alas he did not (we were heartbroken af). However, when you’re Dwayne Johnson and you’re dropping the latest “Black Adam” trailer, you don’t need Superman to save you. You’re a phoenix baby, and you rise from your ashes. Who’s ready to see Black Adam hit a billion at the box office already? No word on the upcoming Flash movie, which was supposed to be WB’s most anticipated DCEU film, adapting the Flashpoint storyline from the comics. However, given Ezra Miller’s recent legal woes, we’re not expecting to see a trailer anytime soon. Which is such a shame because Michael Keaton is returning as Bruce Wayne/Batman for the film! Like a true Gemini, Kevin Feige channeled his BDE and was once again king of the con. Feige came baring gifts for fans, announcing Phase V and VI of the MCU with content like “Daredevil: Born Again” and “Agatha: Coven of Chaos” for Disney+ as well as two new Avengers movies: “The Kang Dynasty” and “Secret Wars!” Holy frak, right? But Gemini energy was rising all over the con, not just in Hall H, with professional and iconic cosplayer Michelle Waffle-Otero, who was all over the con, slaying Variety’s Instagram reel as Emma Frost and hosting the Power of X-Men Podcast’s X-Men 30th Anniversary Reunion Panel, which featured the creative team behind the X-Men Animated Series. “Being able to bring together part of the team that created our childhood was surreal,” Waffle-Otero exclusively told us. “Listening to the stories of how they decided to approach bringing the characters to life was fascinating.” Are the X-Men in the MCU yet? Ms. Marvel may have something to say about it. The “Guardians of the Galaxy” are returning for one final ride, and not all of them are going to make it out of this retro trilogy alive. Chris Pratt was front and center in Hall H and we aren’t ready to part ways with his Starlord yet…unless of course that means we’ll just get a different team at the end of the year. But the real excitement for us was Tatiana Maslany’s “She-Hulk!” We’ve been major stans of the character since John Byrne’s classic run, and we cannot wait for this series to drop on Disney+ next month! It even features the return of Mark Ruffalo as Hulk! Leos had special energy at the con this year. The “Wakanda Forever” trailer finally made its debut and left all of Hall H speechless—in large part due to Angela Basset’s powerful performance as Queen Ramonda. Ryan Coogler is taking us back to Wakanda and the visuals for the film blew us away. Afro Futurism is a vibe and concept Coogler has mastered, and he’s propelled storytelling into a new stratosphere. Are you ready for this epic Marvel sequel? Virgo vibes were in full throttle with “X-Men ’97” Showrunner Beau DeMayo, who led the charge for the mutants at the Marvel Animation panel, revealing first looks at the highly anticipated X-Men revival. “We all know what it’s like to hold back a part of ourselves in order to fit in,” DeMayo exclusively told us in an interview, explaining to us the importance of the X-Men in today’s world. “Nowadays when it feels like the whole world is having an identity crisis, Professor X’s school is a safe haven where you can be –and explore—whoever you are without fear of being judged or shamed. What Professor X was teaching them in 1992 is still very relevant today, and the X-Men are the ultimate safe space.” Sam Wilson is Captain America and don’t you forget it! It’s been a minute since “Falcon and the Winter Soldier” aired on Disney +, and now Anthony Mackie is officially donning the shield in “Captain America: New World Order,” coming 2024, and we are hyped af! If it’s one thing that’s certain, the world is a very different place than when Chris Evans was Captain America, and now, more than ever, we need a hero like Sam Wilson to inspire a new generation of heroes! Lenore Zann, the voice actress of Rogue from “X-Men: The Animated Series” is returning to her legendary role in “X-Men ’97” and was without question the Queen of San Diego Comic Con! Not only did we see footage of Rogue kicking butt at the Marvel Animation panel, but Lenore was in full display at the Power of X-Men’s 30th Anniversary panel, where she slipped back into her southern drawl for the audience. Paul was with her for the entire con, from hosting her at his 30th Anniversary panel to partying with her at Whiskey Girl in the Gaslamp district (and I can also confirm firsthand how absolutely lovely and enchanting she is). Everyone was mesmerized by her presence and she was swamped by fans the entire time. She’s a passionate Scorpio, filled with incredible depth. Which speaking of which, in addition to acting projects on the horizon, she has a new album dropping next year. Two words: Born. Again. Frank Miller’s epic Daredevil story is officially coming to the MCU with an 18-episode order for Disney +. In fact, Charlie Cox’s Daredevil has been popping up all around the MCU lately, including the She-Hulk trailer where we caught a glimpse of him in his iconic yellow and red costume. We are so glad the Netflix rights reverted back to Disney! Paul, the Comic King, is a Sagittarius, and he could feel the fiery energy that was abundant at comic con, he exclusively told us. He hosted a jammed pack panel (loved it) and several happy hours (so much fun) as well as conducted exclusive interviews throughout the entire week. It’s clear a Sagittarius’ role at Comic Con is to connect other souls and celebrate the fact we can all come together as a community once again. Iconic Capricorn J.R.R. Tolkien’s presence was everywhere at Comic Con. “The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power” latest trailer drop showcased the majestic world of Middle Earth in all its glory. Although fan reaction has been mixed, there is no doubt Amazon is gearing up to tell an epic fantasy saga and we are living for it! Still no reveals from Amazon on “Invincible” season 2—however, we assume it’s only a matter of time. You know what was missing from all the MCU drops? Elizabeth Olsen! It baffles us that our favorite Aquarius wasn’t front and center at Hall H given the Scarlet Witch’s popularity. I mean, the movie was almost called “Scarlet Witch in the Multiverse of Madness,” right? We kid, but we also think it’s a serious misfire that Marvel didn’t tease Wanda’s return, given the popularity of the character. Also with characters like Ms. Marvel, Iron Heart, Cassie Lang, Wiccan, Kid Loki, America Chavez, Patriot and Speed already in the MCU, we think a MCU adaptation of the Young Avengers is on the horizon. Did someone say Children’s Crusade? We certainly hope to see that epic story which deals with the search for Wanda adapted soon! We knew “Fantastic Four” was coming to the MCU, but now we know it’s officially slated for November 2024 as part of Phase VI of the MCU. No brainer we nominate fan favorite choice Emily Blunt as Sue Storm given that her IRL husband John Krasinski just played Mr. Fantastic in “Multiverse of Madness.” But can you imagine how hot she and Namor actor Tenoch Huerta would look on-screen? Although if we’re seeing Namor with anyone, it has to be Lady Dorma! Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the Power of X-Men podcast, a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movie, and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits, and Wizard Magazine. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.