Hunter Biden was spotted out in Malibu with his wife and young son Thursday as rumors swirl about the state of the couple’s marriage and the federal investigation the first son is facing. Biden was seen carrying their toddler Beau and walking side-by-side with wife Melissa Cohen as they crossed a street with members of the Secret Service trailing behind. The outing was unusual for the family rarely seen out in public. Biden has tried to keep a low profile as federal investigators dig into his taxes and overseas business deals. The probe — being conducted by Trump-appointed Delaware US Attorney David Weiss — is nearing a “critical” stage, according to recent reports, and law experts believe prosecutors could be weighing a possible plea deal for the president’s son. Earlier reports by Fox News and CNN suggested Biden could face possible tax charges and foreign lobbying charges, but a former Justice Department official and other legal experts said a “generous guilty plea” on the horizon seems more likely. The investigation and subsequent need to keep out of the public eye has reportedly taken a toll on the first son and his family. Sources close to Biden and his South African wife said their marriage is on the rocks. “The couple feel like they are locked inside their Little Rock, Malibu, home and are always being watched by the secret service,” one source told The Post. “They never go anywhere because they’ve been instructed to stay out of sight and away from the cameras while the investigation into Hunter continues,” the source said. Cohen’s cabin fever has also been made worse by Hunter’s behavior behind closed doors, according to the source. “The reality is he’s a train wreck and life with him is very hard behind closed doors. She had no idea what she was getting into.” The source added, “But there is still love there, and she loves her son. She is focusing on him, for now that’s all she can do.” Biden, 52, and Cohen, 35, married in a surprise ceremony in May 2019 just six days after meeting one another. They welcomed their son Beau, who was named after Biden’s late brother — in March 2020.