Elon Musk’s lusty dad, Errol, has finally revealed he sired a secret second love child with his glamorous stepdaughter, Jana Bezuidenhout. The Musk patriarch, 76, welcomed the baby girl with Jana, 35, back in 2019 — but only confirmed the news on Wednesday, bragging to the Sun: “The only thing we are on Earth for is to reproduce.” The two already share a 5-year-old boy, Elliot Rush, born in 2017. Errol clearly shares his most famous son’s hearty desire to procreate, with his admission coming just a week after it was revealed Elon fathered two children with an executive at his artificial intelligence company Neuralink, weeks before his second child with ex-girlfriend Grimes was born. Errol admitted Jana’s pregnancy was “unplanned” and told the publication that they are no longer living together, citing their 41-year age gap. “It’s not practical. She’s 35,” Errol declared. “Eventually if I’m still around, she might wind up back with me.” He added: “Any man who marries a [younger] woman, even if you feel very sprightly, it’s going to be nice for a while, but there’s a big gap … and that gap is going to show itself.” The Musk family tree is complicated — and is growing more so by the day. Errol has seven children, while Elon has fathered 10 offspring. Errol — who is a wealthy South African engineer — married model Maye Haldeman Musk in 1970, with whom he had three children: Elon, Kimbal and Tosca. The couple split in 1979, before Errol went on to wed Heide Bezuidenhout, a young widow who already had two children, including Jana. Errol and Heide had two biological children together, but he also helped raise Jana, who was just 4 years old when he became her stepfather. Errol and Heide eventually divorced after an 18-year marriage. But the Musk family was subsequently stunned when Jana became pregnant with Errol’s baby back in 2017. It led to a bitter falling out between Errol and Elon, with the Tesla CEO furious that his father had impregnated his stepsister. Errol’s other children were also “shocked” and uncomfortable about the surprise pregnancy. “They still don’t like it,” Errol admitted in his new interview with the Sun. “They still feel a bit creepy about it, because she’s their sister. Their half-sister.” Elon has not publicly commented on his father’s latest baby admission. The pair are still estranged, with Elon describing his dad as a “terrible human being” in an interview with Rolling Stone. The Post has reached out to the Tesla CEO for comment. Errol and Jana’s son, born in 2017, is named Elliot Rush and is nicknamed “Rushi.” Errol has not disclosed the name of their daughter, who was born in 2019. Despite the fact they are no longer a couple, Errol said Jana and their two young children have come to stay at his home in Pretoria, South Africa. “They spent a few days here about six months ago. And the kids were starting to get on my nerves,” he candidly stated. “Then I miss them as soon as they have gone.” Errol admitted that he hadn’t asked Jana for a paternity test to make sure he was the father of their now-3-year-old, saying: “I haven’t checked her DNA. But she looks just like my other daughters … So it’s pretty obvious, you know.” However, the wealthy businessman stated that there are other women claiming that he has also fathered their children. “I have about six people, women who claim that their child is my child right now. Obviously they are opportunists,” he stated. “[But] there was a period in Johannesburg in the ’80s that I was going out with a different woman every night. I had plenty of dates. So it’s quite conceivable that one of them could actually come back and say, ‘This is your child.’ It’s possible.” Meanwhile, the elderly patriarch says he hasn’t ruled out the possibility of having more children in the future: “If I could have another child, I would. I can’t see any reason not to.” Indeed, Errol (officially) has fewer children than his most famous son, Elon, 51, who is now a father of 10. The Tesla CEO confirmed last week that he fathered twins with Shivon Zilis, a 36-year-old executive at his brain chip company Neuralink. “Doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis,” Musk tweeted out last Thursday. “A collapsing birth rate is the biggest danger civilization faces by far.” The twins — whose names have not been disclosed — were born just weeks before Musk welcomed his second child, Exa Dark Sideræl, with Canadian pop star Grimes. Musk and Grimes also have 2-year-old son X Æ A-Xii. The world’s richest man first became a father back in 2002, welcoming a son named Nevada with then-wife Justine Wilson. Tragically, the baby boy died just 10 weeks later from sudden infant death syndrome, or SIDS. Elon and Justine went on to have five more children, twins Vivian and Griffin and triplets Kai, Saxon and Damian, before their divorce in 2008.