Jeff Bezos is giving back to the people who raised him — in a big way. The Amazon titan recently helped his parents buy two homes next to each other in South Florida for a combined $74 million, a source told The Post. For the first home, a company tied to the Bezos Family Foundation purchased a six-bedroom, seven-bathroom waterfront estate on July 22 for $34 million, The Real Deal first reported. Located in Coral Gables, near Miami, Jackie and Mike Bezos (Bezos’ mother and stepfather), are linked to Forgotten Fountain LLC — the Delaware entity that is shown to have bought the over 12,800-square-foot home for that sum, according to TRD. The estate was financed with a $5 million loan from Bank of America. Raul Calvoz and Raquel Cordon were the home’s owners. The two had bought it in 2018 for $8.5 million. Cordon, who was the former CEO of PetsMD, and Calvoz, then began a complete gut renovation. And it appears their hard work is paying off with one hefty profit. “It is a 2021 Masterpiece located in one of only two private and gated Coral Gables communities,” the previous listing noted. Set on almost 2 acres, the estate features 200 feet of water views with direct ocean access. It also includes a chef’s kitchen featuring a gas cooktop, a cooking island, a food warmer, double ovens, and an expansive window overlooking the pool and waterway. Other features include covered terraces, second-story terraces, and an expansive pool area featuring a fully equipped kitchen and dining area with a barbeque grill. Amenities include an indoor rock climbing wall, a wine cellar, a full home generator and a nine-car garage. The house was initially listed for $25.8 million in 2020. But it looks like they were able to score a much bigger offer. Lourdes Alatriste of Douglas Elliman, who represented both the buyer and seller, declined to comment on the deal. Meanwhile, the transaction on the adjacent home, which last sold in 2019 for $14 million, is expected to close soon for $40 million. That home spans over 8,700 square feet and is made up of five bedrooms and five bathrooms. It is unclear what the future plans are for these two homes and whether or not they will be connected. There is also a chance that Bezos, who ranks the third richest person in the world, will stay in one of the homes while visiting his parents. Bezos’ reps did not return a request for comment. Meanwhile, sources previously told The Post, Bezos had also been scouring for a Maui property for his parents.