We say: OK, so AOC wasn’t really shackled in handcuffs by that big, mean old cop; she was just faking it. But let no one call this a “publicity stunt,” she insists. And never mind that, as the Washington Examiner reports, she and other lawmakers actually staged the event in advance with billionaire George Soros’ Center for Popular Democracy Action Fund and Rep. Ilhan Omar’s spokesman even publicized it beforehand. “You had to put on your windshield wipers to get — literally — the oil slick off the window. That’s why I . . . have cancer.” — President Biden, Wednesday We say: President Biden’s legendary incoherence set a new record this week with his claim that he has cancer because of the oil industry. No, it wasn’t an accidental reveal; he doesn’t have cancer: The White House says he meant he had cancer before taking office, skin cancer, which is now gone. Still, oil on a windshield (a bizarre notion in itself) is not exactly known for causing even skin cancer; his own doctor said at the time it came from sun exposure. No matter. Biden was intent on blaming Big Oil while claiming we’re facing an “emergency” because Congress failed to act on his climate agenda. We say: The WaPo must be hiring children to write its opinion columns these days: In this one, Perry Bacon Jr. actually accuses left-leaning news outlets like The New York Times, CNN and the Associated Press of “bias” against President Biden and of pushing a “Biden is struggling” narrative. The prez’s disastrous bugout from Afghanistan, Bacon says, provided “the big anti-Biden story” many of these journalists “were desperate to find,” and that set off a string of negative coverage. Huh? Left-leaning outlets were “desperate” for an anti-Biden story? Please: Biden is the president, and the horrors on his watch are the result of his own awful decisions. The other Post should find adults to write its op-eds. We say: Well, who can keep up with inflation, when it’s soaring at 9%-plus — thanks in large part to Democratic policies (warring on carbon fuels, endless government spending) that she supports? And does Warren think companies that lose money should pay taxes? Because profitable companies do pay them. As for her charge of price-gouging, that’s just her way of passing the buck for . . . the inflation Dems caused. “The border is secure.” — Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, Tuesday We say: Uh, really? In June, overwhelmed border agents confronted 207,000 illegal migrants storming the border — not counting gotaways. It was the fourth straight month of 200,000-plus. By contrast, in President Donald Trump’s last full year, the worst month, December, saw just 60,794 encounters. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board