When it comes to living legends in the NBA, there’s one man who has skyrocketed to the top of the game: Lebron James. The superstar athlete, who has had an extensive career already and rose past Karl Malone to the number two spot on the NBA scoring list, has many big goals and plans for his future. Now represented by Rich Paul, the sports agent currently dating Adele, James, 37, has further cemented himself as a pop culture icon, socialite, entrepreneur and entertainer. Starring in the revival of “Space Jam” he’s shown that he is more than capable of holding his own in Hollywood. Now investing in a multitude of companies, including culinary and entertainment, James is ready to further show the world how he can create an empire. So what built James to be the titan that he is—reaching the pinnacle of American sports and also venturing into other industries? What does his birth chart reveal about him even more? Join me as we dive into his stars because I’m a pop culture astrologer and I can see it all. Lebron James was born on December 30, 1984. This makes him an ambitious Capricorn Sun with a passionate Aries Moon and Gemini Ascendant. When looking at his elemental energy, we can see that he’s actually extremely balanced between them all—which is a tremendously rare thing to find. This gives him an excellent synergy between all elements, almost as if he can intrinsically work with all of their energies any time that he needs. When viewing his birth chart, wow! His Midheaven, or point of greatest success in his career, has such a major focus highlighted by his stars. In fact, with so many planets interacting with his Midheaven, we know right away that he was destined for big things. The thing that I love the most here, though, is that Mars, the planet of athletics and sports, is exactly united with his Midheaven—bringing him great success in these realms. However, Venus, the planet of art and entertainment, is also united with his Midheaven, too, but just slightly in his arena of television and media. This shows that he is beloved by the world for both of these contributions to society—sports and entertainment, as well. His Moon, ruling his inner life, is in his sector of fans, followers, friends and communities, which is why he is able to amass so much popularity, too. To put it simply, he vibes with his “people,” and they vibe with him. When it comes to physical strength and health, his sector of fitness, stamina and work ethic is crammed with planets. Not only do we know that he’s in the game for the long haul, but he takes pride in working and has a “get it done” mentality a vast majority of the time. Work comes naturally to him; in fact, being in stasis and not moving is something that he struggles with greatly, but desperately seeks to learn in this lifetime. He’s a get busy, stay busy, always be busy kind of man. Also, with his planets so sweetly angled throughout his chart, all agreeing in angles of harmony, it further reveals that James can easily flow through life, applying effort and pressure and rather quickly see results. His Mars dances with Pluto, bringing him tremendous amounts of energy and ambition to reach higher, too. Last to note is that his Ascendant, which rules his body and life force, is also significantly aspected by other planets. This reveals that he innately is a very original and unique individual who stands out from the crowd. Venus kisses his Ascendant, making him beautiful inside and out, as well as possessing great potential for success in arts, media and entertainment. Mars and Pluto energize his Ascendant, bringing him guaranteed success in athletics, as well as innate confidence and power that inspires others. Last, Neptune, the planet of imagination, also links to his Ascendant, too, bringing him an almost mystical quality that draws people to him in awe. No wonder he has built such a legacy—he, like his birth chart, is a masterpiece of cosmic odds. Moving forward, what else lies ahead? Well, first and foremost, James has a chart that is lighting up his career and has this throughout 2022. This is a milestone year for him, but to be honest, his legacy will be more firmly solidified between 2023 and 2025 when Saturn enters this arena. He will work harder—and may even consider retirement. Happily, as Jupiter, the planet of miracles, dances through his sector of aspirations, fans and followers, he will continue to interact graciously with his community and be seen as a leader. The one thing to watch, though, is that he will be experiencing powerful eclipses around physical and mental health in 2022 and 2023—these could bring shocking moments or crises that he has to face. On one hand, it could be as simple as getting on a better routine or diet or even deciding he needs to switch up his medications, specialists or work-life balance. Luckily, with his stars so favored, he should move through most of this with ease. You heard it here first. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.