The top Republican on the House Oversight Committee want​s​ answers from Hunter Biden’s financial adviser about transactions linked to the first family’s foreign business dealings that were flagged as suspicious by US banks. “More than 150 transactions from the Bidens’ business dealings have been flagged by U.S. banks through filings of Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,” Rep. James Comer (R-Ky.) wrote to Edward Prewitt in a letter obtained by The Post. “Text messages show that Hunter Biden was aware of these SARs and took steps to avoid detection in his financial dealings.” Comer adds that Republicans on the committee have reviewed information showing that Prewitt was advising Hunter Biden on the transactions that caused the banks’ misgivings. “As Hunter Biden’s financial adviser, you are in a unique position to know how these transactions originated and why they were flagged by U.S. banks,” the lawmaker wrote. The committee’s Republicans, who have been investigating the scandal-scarred first son’s domestic and foreign business relationships and any effort to benefit from his father President Biden’s influence, said the SARs raise “serious questions about what these transactions were for and whether money was transferred to the Biden family from America’s adversaries.” According to Comer, Prewitt and his firm managed the accounts of the first son’s businesses, including Owasco PC, Owasco LLC, Skaneateles, and Rosemont Seneca Advisors, as well as Hudson West, “which has been used in transferring millions of dollars to Hunter and James Biden from CEFC, a company that’s effectively an arm of the Chinese Government.'” Prewitt did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The Post has reported extensively on Hunter Biden’s overseas business dealings, beginning with a series of exposes in October 2020 that detailed his relationships in Ukraine and China. The reporting was based on documents, emails and texts found on a laptop Hunter Biden abandoned at a computer repair shop in Delaware in 2019. Comer’s letter questioning the financial transactions follows revelations by Sen. Chuck Grassley, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, that whistleblowers have accused the FBI and the Department of Justice of burying “verified and verifiable” dirt on Hunter Biden by rejecting actionable intelligence as “disinformation.” Grassley (R-Iowa) sent a letter to FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Merrick Garland on Monday demanding they look into the whistleblowers’ claims. “You have an obligation to the country to take these allegations seriously, immediately investigate and take steps to institute fixes to these and other matters before you,” the senator told the Biden administration officials. Comer’s letter said information reviewed by the House Oversight Committee shows that transactions linked to Hunter Biden’s accounts were flagged by Wells Fargo Corporate Compliance and that Prewitt alerted his client about them in an email. The rep said documents seen by the committee also indicate that Prewitt had access to accounts tied to Eric Schwerin, a longtime business partner of Hunter Biden who had meetings with Joe Biden when he was vice president in the Obama administration. “Schwerin’s inclusion in these transactions raises questions about President Biden’s involvement in the management and knowledge of these various entities’ activities,” the letter states. Schwerin, the president of Rosemont Seneca Partners, was named as a calendar invite recipient on 21 of 30 listed meetings with the then-vice president between 2008 and 2016, The Post reported earlier this month. “Committee Republicans are committed to following Hunter Biden’s money trail — consisting of many complex, international transactions worth millions of dollars. The American people deserve to know the President’s connections to his son’s business deals, which have occurred at the expense of American interests and may represent a national security threat,” Comer’s letter says. The letter sets an Aug. 3 deadline for Prewitt to brief members of the committee and a deadline of Aug. 10 to turn over the documents requested.