Aaron Judge showed again on Saturday night why he’s the frontrunner to win AL MVP. But while Judge hit two home runs, Matt Carpenter also homered twice — and drove in seven runs — in the Yankees’ 14-1 rout of the Red Sox at the Stadium. Judge’s performance this season isn’t surprising — although the fact that he’s now the second Yankee to hit 33 homers before the All-Star break, joining Roger Maris in his record-breaking 1961 season — is a bit unexpected. That’s probably not as unexpected, though, as the season put together by Carpenter, who was sitting in his Fort Worth, Texas, home in late May, hoping to get another chance following his release by the Rangers. Following his second three-run homer Saturday, Carpenter took a curtain call in front of the largest crowd of the season, 47,997, at Yankee Stadium. “It’s like a new lease on life, from a career and baseball standpoint,’’ Carpenter said of his success with the Yankees. Carpenter’s two blasts — which gave him 13 in just 30 games with the Yankees — helped spark a team that had lost five of six games — including three in a row to Boston. “He’s become an exclamation point,’’ manager Aaron Boone said after the Yankees (63-28) set a franchise record for wins before the All-Star break. After two bad seasons with the Cardinals, he signed with the Rangers in March and hit well in the minors. But when he didn’t get called up to the Rangers, he requested his release. “You just don’t know what’s gonna happen,’’ Carpenter said. “There was no guarantee a team was gonna give me a chance. When I was sitting on that couch [at home], I thought, ‘This could be it …’ That’s why it’s so much fun to be here.” At the time, the Yankees were without DJ LeMahieu, Josh Donaldson and Giancarlo Stanton due to various injuries and they valued Carpenter’s bat. When he joined the team before the Yankees faced the Rays on May 26, Carpenter said he told Boone, “If you want me to load the bags on the plane, that’s what I’ll do.” Carpenter hasn’t had to worry about any luggage since his arrival. He has hit so well, in fact, he has forced his way into what was a full Yankees outfield, shoving Joey Gallo to the side. After Rafael Devers gave the Red Sox the lead with a solo homer off Jameson Taillon in the top of the first (Devers’ fifth of the season against the Yankees), Carpenter and the offense came back in the bottom of the inning against right-hander Nick Pivetta. Donaldson drove in a run with a bases-loaded groundout before Carpenter drilled his first three-run homer of the night into the right field seats to give the Yankees a 4-1 lead. Taillon came out in the second inning and struck out the side in order, then went on to retire the final 17 batters he faced in his best start in nearly a month. Judge, who’d been in a bit of a slump over the last two weeks, led off the bottom of the fifth with a home run. Later in the inning, with two on and one out, Pivetta was replaced by left-hander Darwinzon Hernandez to face Carpenter. It didn’t matter. Carpenter crushed another three-run homer to make it 8-1. Carpenter has hit more homers than any other Yankee in the first 30 games with the team, breaking the record set by Kevin Maas in 1990 and Glenallen Hill in 2000. Following the homer, Aaron Hicks came to the plate and took a pitch. The Bronx crowd was still buzzing, so Carpenter came out for the curtain call. “It’s a moment I’ll remember forever,’’ Carpenter said. Judge then put his mini-slump further behind him with his second homer of the night in the sixth, a 444-foot two-run shot to tie Maris’ mark. “It’s incredible and we still have one more day,’’ Judge said. “Any time you get a chance to be mentioned with some of the Yankee greats like that, it’s an incredible honor.” The Yankees capped the win by scoring six runs in the eighth inning, with Carpenter drawing a bases-loaded walk after a 13-pitch at-bat for his seventh RBI on the night.