They’re putting their best suit forward. A new poll has indicated that almost half (49%) of men own two or three suits, while 33% own four or more. On behalf of Generation Tux, OnePoll surveyed about 2,000 men about their ideal wedding wardrobes and most said they attend about five formal events a year. The average man owns three different tuxedos or suits, with two of them not even fitting anymore. While 16% noted that their suits and tuxedos fit them, almost 53% of all respondents undergo stress because the outfit they wanted to wear to a party no longer fits them. When asked which occasions are best for a man to wear a suit or tux, more than half (52%) said their own wedding (52%) while 50% said when invited as a guest to a wedding. Twenty-seven percent want to be overdressed and 19% prefer to be underdressed for bashes. The survey also reported that 25% of respondents think that bowties are fancier than regular neckties. Popular colors for suits include white (64%), black (15%), dark gray (13%) and navy (11%). But men should avoid bright hues like orange (35%) and yellow (34%). When it comes to color schemes, 63% of people agree that a wedding party should match their colors to each other. “Knowing the difference between a tuxedo and a suit can be helpful when choosing the perfect attire for your event. According to the results, 58% correctly identified that a tuxedo usually includes shirt studs, cufflinks, typically worn with a bow tie, suspenders, and a vest,” Matt Ramirez, SVP of Marketing at Generation Tux noted. “And 21% were aware that matte shoes can be worn with a suit or tuxedo, but glossy shoes are commonly worn with a tuxedo. Another helpful distinguisher is that tuxedos have satin accents on the jacket lapel and striping down the side of the pants,” he continued. The research also discovered that the average person needed 45 minutes to get ready for an event such as a wedding or charity ball. “While it may be a bit more difficult to dress for another person’s event or wedding, it is important to remember that your wedding day is all about you,” said Ramirez. “It’s a great opportunity to show off a bit of your personal style with different suit colors, choosing a bow tie or necktie, fun accessories like socks and pocket squares, and everything in between.”