The state attorney general’s office has launched dual probes into the deaths of men who were shot by NYPD officers over the weekend, one in Brooklyn and the other in Queens, officials announced Tuesday. The Attorney General’s Office of Special Investigation said the investigations are required by law. “Pursuant to New York State Executive Law Section 70-b, OSI assesses every incident reported to it where a police officer or a peace officer, including a corrections officer, may have caused the death of a person, by an act or omission,” the agency said in a statement. It will review the death of Malik Williams, who was killed after shooting at a cop while running from him, and Raul Hardy, who was shot when he pulled a gun on police after threatening to kill Gov. Kathy Hochul. Both incidents happened Saturday night. Williams was in the front passenger seat of a vehicle when cops pulled it over at Flatbush Avenue and Nevins Street in Brooklyn around 7:40 p.m. The officers directed the occupants to get out of the vehicle, but Williams fled and was chased on foot by an officer. “During the pursuit, Mr. Williams allegedly fired a gun at the officer, and the officer fired back,” the AG’s office said in a news release. Video posted on TikTok shows Williams bolting down the north sidewalk of Flatbush Avenue near Atlantic Terminal when he turns around and fires multiple shots at a cop in pursuit. It doesn’t show the cop fire back. Williams was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead. Officers recovered a gun at the scene. Just over an hour earlier, NYPD officers shot and killed a Queens man who was threatening to kill the governor and saying he was going to “blow up” the world, police said. Police arrived at Hardy’s home at 205-17 116th Ave. in Cambria Heights shortly after 6 p.m. after they received multiple threatening 911 calls from him. Hardy, 60, said he would “change the government” by assassinating Hochul and the “PD Chief,” adding that he would “blow up” the world, according to police. He was shot after he began firing a gun at them, cops said. Six cops fired back. In both cases, Mayor Adams supported the cop’s actions and said he even went to the 88 precinct station house to thank the officer who shot Williams. Williams had no prior arrests, police sources said. In its release, the Attorney General’s office explained that it investigates every situation where a police officer causes a death. These are preliminary facts and subject to change.