It’s the Fourth of July weekend, so it seems like a perfect time to celebrate one of the great American traditions of all, one that has lain dormant and been on some lean times recently but has a genuinely glorious past. Beer jingles. Maybe it’s just for folks of a certain age, but there was a time when catchy beer jingles were as much a part of the sporting experience as the games themselves. Something changed along the way. For one, most offbeat commercials prefer memorable dialogue to music now. Also, even if there was a good throwback jingle, we are no longer forced to sit through commercials as we were in a TV world limited (in New York anyway) to channels 2, 4, 5, 7, 9 and 11. All I know is, as I thought up the idea for this, I was initially grateful for Google, so I could properly recreate the lyrics of these ridiculously catchy tunes … until I realized that still, all these years later, I remember every word. For you young-uns, I suggest taking a quick stop at YouTube and firing these all up. I am quite sure you will understand after just one listen. Maybe two. But probably only one. So here we go: the top five beer jingles of all time. Schaefer, is the, one beer to have When you’re having more than one. Schaefer pleasure doesn’t fade Even when your thirst is done. The most rewarding flavor In this man’s world For people who are having fun! Schaefer, is the, one beer to have When you’re having more … than … one! The GOAT. One reason is it’s perfectly time-stamped: You could never, in any way, get away with the underlying theme anymore, based on market research that 80 percent of beer is drunk by 20 percent of drinkers: If you don’t care about taste, but just want to get good and blotto … we’re your suds! But the song, the lyrics … it’s a masterpiece. The brainchild of the advertising firm Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn, in the campaign’s first 10 years it spent $70 million in advertising to appear in 87 TV commercials, 200 radio spots and 35 full-page magazine ads. If you’ve got the time We’ve got the beer (Miller Beer) Miller tastes too good to hurry through But when it’s time to relax One beer stands clear (beer after beer) If you’ve got the time … We’ve got the beer! If you’re detecting a theme (“beer after beer”) … that’s probably not a coincidence. Everyone had access to the market research. Here’s to good friends Tonight is kinda special The beer you’ll pour Must say something more somehow … So tonight … let it be Lowenbrau An outlier, proof that even a great jingle can’t overcome a mediocre beer. When’s the last time you — or anyone you know — cracked open an ice-cold Lowenbrau? Here comes the king, here comes the Big No. 1 Budweiser beer the king is second-to-none. The king is coming, let’s hear the call. When you say Bud, you’ve said it all! (When you say Bud, you’ve said it all …) Sure, the more famous Bud jingle is the one we hear ad nauseum whenever a Clydesdale goes for a walk, but this song is 100 percent catchier. And it says something about Bud’s kingship that it could have two memorable jingles. My beer is Rheingold the dry beer Think of Rheingold whenever you buy beer It’s refreshing, not sweet It’s the extra-dry treat Won’t you try extra-dry Rheingold beer? Admittedly this may have some personal bias attached to it since Grandpa McMahon worked for years in the Rheingold brewery. Still … just try to get it out of your head now. Let’s put it this way: After dropping seven grand on a surf-and-turf dinner, plus AirPods for everyone in the room, Max Scherzer has officially put Jacob deGrom on notice, should his rehab put him in a Binghamton Rumble Ponies jersey. Chick-fil-A ain’t gonna get it done. Kudos to Jeff Teat of the New York Riptide — now the primary tenant of Nassau Coliseum — who was named the National Lacrosse League’s Rookie of the Year on Thursday. Teat, out of Cornell, set rookie records for assists (71) and points (108) and added 37 goals in 16 games. I’m not sure even David Ortiz quite got Yankees fans’ goat the way that Jose Altuve has. Funny how winning can scour the stains of history. Kevin Durant’s various power plays resulted in one playoff win in two years, and he departs town labeled a loser. But in 1993, Mark Messier led a player insurrection that wound up ousting Roger Neilson, and that doesn’t exactly play a prominent part in the Messier legacy, given what happened 18 months later. Dave Ornauer: Where are Billy Paultz, Walt Simon, Les Hunter and other people who gave it their all, no questions, no demands, when you need them? I have no use for players who suit up only when it suits them. Looking at you, Kyrie. Vac: I think we need to hear from more legit 50-year Nets fans like Dave, especially this week. I know you’re out there. You used to make the Coliseum rock back in the day … Robert Lewis: The Yanks might have the best record in baseball but they are the second-best team in the American league right now. Vac: The Astros sure did give everyone a little something to think about these past couple weeks. @j_nucero: As a Knicks fan, I can’t kill the Nets. We would have done the same thing, hold your nose for Kyrie Irving to get Kevin Durant. It was always going to be boom or bust. @MikeVacc: In their heart of hearts, all Knicks fans know this to be true. Dennis Daly: So now the original Pac-8 will now be the Six-Pac. Vac: At first blush USC and UCLA bailing on the Pac-12 for the Big Ten makes about as much sense as the Mets and Yankees joining the NFL.