MLB bettors have a full 15-game slate to choose from Tuesday, but experts have honed in on a few specific matchups. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. In today’s report, three plus-money underdogs trigger at least a majority of the above signals. Without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. The Brewers claimed the opening game of the series in extra innings, but experts are coming back in on the Cubs tonight. We’ve seen sharp action hitting the Cubs moneyline, which opened at a consensus +110 price and has largely held steady at that number through early betting. Plus, big money bettors are also interested in the Cubs — as of this writing, Chicago has seen only 21 percent of all moneyline bets against 62 percent of the total handle. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Cubs, giving them three total signals in their direction. Chicago Cubs Moneyline (+110) — BetMGM The Astros have won three of four against the Royals this season, but experts are intrigued by the visitors in tonight’s contest. We’ve tracked sharp action hitting the Royals moneyline, which opened at +160 but has seen upward movement to between +200 and +215 depending on the sportsbook. Furthermore, big-money bettors are also interested in Kansas City tonight. As of this writing, the Royals have attracted 12 percent of all bets against 46 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — triggers the Royals’ moneyline. That system, which looks for underdogs on a small losing streak receiving less than 35 percent of all bets, has a 41 percent historical win percentage and 10 percent return on investment. Kansas City Royals Moneyline (+215) — Fanduel Sportsbook   The early betting action on this contest has been (somewhat) divided, but the Rockies are undoubtedly the preference. Sharp action has actually come in on the Dodgers moneyline, which has risen from -210 to -235 as a result of said action, but all four of the remaining signals go in Colorado’s direction. Although sharp action favors the Dodgers, big money has favored the Rockies. As of this writing, the Rockies have seen 22 percent of all moneyline bets against 72 percent of the total handle. Further, the same Action Network PRO system that identified the Royals — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — also identifies the Rockies. Further, there’s a model projection edge with this contest as Action Network MLB power ratings suggest the Rockies should only be a +170 underdog in this spot. Lastly, one top Action Network MLB betting expert is backing the Rockies to round out the four signals in their favor. Colorado Rockies Moneyline (+205) — Caesars Sportsbook