San Francisco Mayor London Breed says that her city will have to adjust to a new reality in which tech workers who have either left town altogether or are working remotely will not return to the office anytime soon. While Breed didn’t agree that there was an “exodus” from San Francisco, she acknowledged that there has been a devastating financial impact on what was recently one of America’s most fastest-growing cities. “Of course I’m worried about the trend, but again, you know, this was a global pandemic where life has changed,” Breed told CNBC. “People have been working from home.” The mayor added: “And I think that most employees want some level of work from home as they returned to the office. And a lot of employers are providing that as an option.” Among America’s large cities, San Francisco, which relies predominantly on its tech sector, beat out New York as the city where workers plan to spend the least amount of time in the office, according to Bloomberg. Salesforce, the software company that is San Francisco’s largest private employer, recently announced it was slashing the office space it owned in the city — the third time it was doing so since the start of the pandemic two years ago. Venture capital firm 8VC moved its headquarters out of San Francisco and relocated to Austin, Texas. Its president, Drew Oetting, told Fortune last week: “San Francisco is probably the worst run city in the United States.” In April, shortly before he launched his $44 billion bid to buy Twitter, Elon Musk — a fierce critic of remote working at his own companies Tesla and SpaceX — sarcastically suggested that Twitter’s offices be turned into a “homeless shelter.” Tesla, Oracle, NortonLifeLock, QuestionPro, Varo Bank, Palantir, Tanium, and Sendoso are among the tech firms that have departed the Bay Area in the last two years, according to BuildRemote.co. The consequences have been devastating for San Francisco’s leisure and hospitality industries, which rely on foot traffic that has largely evaporated. Office workers accounted for 72% of the city’s GDP — $531.28 billion in 2019 — before the pandemic. But these workers have largely stayed away from the office and the nearby shops, restaurants, delis, and mass transit that are now deprived of key revenue streams. At the end of first quarter of this year, there was 20.4 million square feet of empty office space, which is an all-time record, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. Tech companies have also been reluctant to call their workers back into the office en masse as employees have enjoyed the time that they have gained by not having to commute. Other firms in the Bay Area have also taken advantage of remote work and relocated their offices and headquarters altogether thanks to the lure of lower cost of living in places such as Florida, Texas, Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia, and other low-tax jurisdictions in the Sun Belt. Breed told CNBC that she took solace in the fact that companies like Google, Autodesk and Twilio have expanded their commercial real estate footprints in the city. “They have extended their spaces, but they’ve also committed to San Francisco as their headquarters,” Breed said. “Certain companies are looking into other alternatives,” but San Francisco still boasts the highest concentration of venture capital firms “anywhere in the country,” according to the mayor.