Sean Payton may be taking time off from coaching, but that hasn’t stopped the rumor mill from speculating over his next possible move. A source close to the former Saints coach says the Cowboys, Chargers, and Dolphins are among the destinations that could potentially entice Payton, according to the Miami Herald. Though Payton, 58, would never lobby for a coaching job that’s already occupied, per the report, he is said to already have a list of preferences for a potential new gig. Payton — who left New Orleans at the end of the 2021 season — wants full control over personnel decisions and a roster that can contend, The Herald reported, also noting the Super Bowl-winning coach desires a warm-weather environment. Last month, a league source told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel that the Dolphins were ready to offer Payton a $100 million deal over the course of five years, which would have made him one of the highest-paid coaches in the NFL. As for the Dolphins, they hired former 49ers offensive coordinator Mike McDaniel in February. Elsewhere in Los Angeles, Brandon Staley had a winning season in his first year as a head coach of the Chargers but fell short of the playoffs. Meanwhile, Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy, who’s entering his third season in Dallas, clinched the NFC East last year. Payton announced in January that he was stepping away from coaching after 15 seasons at the helm in New Orleans. He left the door open for a possible return, however. “I still have a vision for doing things in football,” Payton said during his final press conference with the Saints. “And I’ll be honest with you, that might be coaching again at some point. I don’t think it’s this year, but I think maybe in the future.” Payton has since been linked to broadcasting opportunities. He said in April that he was “getting ready for TV,” while denying rumors that linked him and Tom Brady to the Dolphins. Brady is set to be a free agent in 2023, although it remains to be seen if he’ll continue to play or slide into the booth as Fox Sports’ lead NFL analyst. If Payton decides to return to coaching, he is still under contract with the Saints — meaning any team that wants to pursue him will have to first work out a potential deal with New Orleans. Payton coached the Saints to a Super Bowl a victory in 2009, including nine total playoff berths with seven division titles.