Andre Romelle Young, commonly known as Dr. Dre, is an American rapper, record producer and entrepreneur constantly breaking the charts. But the Doc didn’t stop at producing music. Instead, he jumped into the electronics realm and brought the world Beats by Dre. Beats by Dre bring together the allure of all things culture, style and sports while delivering top of the line audio experiences. There’s only one setback. Because of their superior build and quality, these products cost shoppers a pretty penny. But for two days, July 12 and 13, that’s a concern of the past, as Amazon Prime Day 2022 is offering deals on the coveted brand. For a limited time, you can score Prime Day deals on Beats headphones, Beats Studio Buds and more. The prices and discounts are so good, your heart will be beating with excitement. You can also score other amazing headphone deals here, including some on the coveted Apple AirPods, too. Further colors are available in each style below. Beats are always a phenomenal option, but this True Wireless pick takes the cake. Delivering a flexible body and delivering powerful sound, dynamic head tracking and spatial audio, you just have to snag them while you can. Additionally, the Beats Fit Pro True Wireless earbuds feature three distinct listening modes: active noice cancelling, transparency mode and adaptive EQ. Are you ready for high-performance bluetooth headphones? We are! Especially when they are enhanced with 40-hours of battery life, charge in as little as five minutes and fit comfortably in your ears. They’re essentially the perfect everyday headphone option that you need ASAP. Best of all, you can choose from red, black and rose gold color options. With the Beats Studio Buds, you are in control. Choose between active noice cancelling and transparency mode, hit play for up to eight hours and enjoy three different sized ear tips for the perfect fit. You will also gain access to an extended bluetooth range, fewer call drops and built-in microphones. Check out New York Post shopping for more content.