WWE boss Vince McMahon reportedly made “hush money” payments totaling $12 million to four female employees at the wrestling network – all of whom signed agreements in exchange for their silence on allegations of sexual misconduct. The bombshell report noted that the four women, who were not identified by name, were signed agreements that “prohibit them from discussing potential legal claims against or their relationships with the 76-year-old executive.” The Wall Street Journal reported on the four hush money payments, citing sources familiar with the matter and a review of documents detailing the agreements. The payments date back at least 16 years and include a $7.5 million payment to a former WWE wrestler who alleged that McMahon coerced her into oral sex. Following the incident, McMahon allegedly demoted the wrestler and then allowed her contract to expire. The payment was negotiated after the wrestler and her legal team confronted McMahon in 2018. In a separate incident, McMahon reportedly agreed to pay about $1 million in 2008 to settle allegations from an ex-WWE contractor who accused him of sexual harassment in the workplace and sending her unsolicited nude photos. The woman signed a non-disclosure agreement as part of the deal. McMahon is also alleged to have paid $1 million in exchange for the silence of a former manager who claimed the WWE boss initiated a sexual relationship with her. WWE did not immediately return The Post’s request for comment on the report. The latest allegations detailed by the Wall Street Journal followed a June report revealing that McMahon allegedly made a $3 million hush money payment to a former paralegal after an alleged affair. A spokesman told the Wall Street Journal that the company was cooperating with the board’s investigation and noted that McMahon’s affair with the paralegal was consensual. WWE’s board is reportedly investigating that incident as well as the $7.5 million payment to the ex-wrestler. It’s unclear if the other payments are under review. Shortly after the initial report surfaced last month, WWE said McMahon had “voluntarily stepped back” from his role as CEO while the board investigates his alleged misconduct. His daughter, Stephanie McMahon was appointed interim CEO and chair of the board during his absence. “I have pledged my complete cooperation to the investigation by the Special Committee, and I will do everything possible to support the investigation. I have also pledged to accept the findings and outcome of the investigation, whatever they are,” Vince McMahon said at the time. Later the same day, McMahon made an appearance live on WWE’s “SmackDown” broadcast and delivered brief remarks before leaving the ring. WWE’s board is also investigating claims against executive and McMahon confidant John Laurinaitis, who allegedly had an affair with the same former paralegal. Laurinaitis is also being probed over a separate $1.5 million nondisclosure agreement purportedly made to an employee who accused him of misconduct in 2012.