Brendan Burke, the lead play-by-play announcer for Islanders television broadcasts, has emerged as the leading candidate to succeed John Sterling as the Yankees’ lead radio voice on WFAN, The Post has learned. Sterling is not going anywhere yet, but the plan for succession has begun and is expected to be further instituted this offseason, according to sources. The 84-year-old Sterling, who has been an iron man throughout his career, has cut down on the number of games he will call in the second half of this season as he increasingly disdains traveling. He has been the Yankees’ radio play-by-play announcer for more than three decades, including a streak of 5,058 consecutive games broadcast, which ended in July 2019. While no formal plan is in place, it’s possible Sterling will call just the home games and some road games, though he may not be fully on board with that idea just yet. In a phone interview on Wednesday, Sterling confirmed that he doesn’t like traveling anymore, but said he feels good and plans to continue calling a lot of games, even raising the possibility that he will return to a full 162-game slate. “I’m really happy and I will do as many games as I want to,” Sterling told The Post. “I have to see the schedule.” While Sterling will have a say, the beginning of a transition to Burke could happen in earnest next year. Burke could have a dual role, as Howie Rose once did. Rose used to call both the Islanders and the Mets. Burke succeeded Rose as the TV play-by-player of the Islanders. Burke also calls NHL games nationally for Turner Sports. There has yet to be any full contract discussions between WFAN and Burke. The decision on the future of the booth has further come into focus as the Yankees and WFAN announced an extension of their contract on Wednesday. Terms were not disclosed, but the deal could go as long as seven years with some opt-outs for both sides, according to sources. WFAN’s current agreement, which pays the Yankees in a range from $15 million to $20 million per season has one year remaining. The Yankees may receive slightly less money per year than previously, but the length of the deal was vital to them because they are forced to share 33 percent of their radio revenue with the rest of Major League Baseball. The two sides also hope to expand on their partnership with creative new programming. Burke was not the only option WFAN considered. Ryan Ruocco was high on the list, but he may have too much ESPN and YES Network responsibilities to make it viable. WFAN liked the fill-in work of Justin Shackil and Rickie Ricardo, but Burke is in the on-deck circle. As for Suzyn Waldman, 75 and chosen last month for induction in the Radio Hall of Fame, her role of as radio analyst is not expected to change. She has worked well with all the fill-ins this year, including Burke. If a more robust schedule fits and Burke is eventually hired as the voice of the Yankees, it would mean he has gone full circle. As a kid, Brendan was around the Yankees all the time as his father, Don, now a copy editor (but not a source) at The Post, was a Yankees beat writer for The Star-Ledger. When Brendan was 9 years old, he took a picture sitting between Sterling and Michael Kay, then the radio team. Now, at 38, Burke could be the one following Sterling in one of the most legendary spots in sports radio. With the Subway Series this week, Papa Clicker has a baseball book review for you. Mark Feinsand’s “The Franchise: New York Yankees, A Curated History of the Bronx Bombers” is on the docket. Feinsand, according to my dad, Papa Clicker, provides an interesting history of the franchise by relating stories about the team, and he has divided the book into various sections – “The Architects,” “The Legends,” “The Captains,” “The Game-Winners,” “The Acquisitions” and “The Rivalries.”  Readers will enjoy reliving many great moments in Yankee history. Papa Clicker gives it 4.3 clickers out of 5.