Zach Wilson’s ex-girlfriend appears to be dating his college roommate, Washington Commanders’ wide receiver Dax Milne — after she seemingly accused the Jets quarterback of cheating on her with his mom’s best friend. Milne appeared to reveal his relationship with his one-time best friend’s ex, Abbey Gile, with a romantic Instagram post on Saturday. “Word on the street,” he wrote alongside two photos of him on a beach holding hands and cuddling his new beau, who never showed her face. Sports site uStadium shared the post and said “word on the IG streets” was that the mystery beauty was Gile, saying that former BFFs and roommates Wilson and Milne “no longer follow each other on Twitter or IG.” The site said that Gile — who split with her high school sweetheart Wilson earlier this year — confirmed the relationship in a video on her Instagram, which had been deleted by Monday. But according to screenshots widely shared online, Gile went even further when a commentator accused her of being a “homie hopper” by dating her longtime ex’s one-time bestie. In a since-deleted comment, she said that Wilson “was sleeping with his mom’s best friend … that’s the real homie hopper,” she wrote with two laughing emojis. Gile soon deleted her Instagram account, and Milne blocked any comments to his initial romantic post. Wilson’s mom’s best friend was never identified, and the quarterback does not appear to have commented on the rumor. The rumors sparked a series of memes — with one joking that Wilson “did play for the Cougars” — as well as seemingly admiring posts from other gridiron stars. “Zach Wilson is the [goat],” tweeted former wide receiver Chad Johnson, using a common acronym for the greatest of all time. “Confirmed,” replied DK Metcalf with a laughing emoji. Meanwhile, Wilson’s mom, influencer Lisa Neeleman Wilson, posted an emotional nearly-30-minute-long Instagram video Sunday decrying the evils of social media and online predators. Instead of referring to her son’s love life, however, she instead spoke of the pain of her daughter turning on her and hating her because of “satan” working through social media. “I full-on thought that I had mastered parenting … I was like, ‘I’m freakin’ badass, I have a kid in the NFL,'” she said, saying she was “in denial” of their lives online. “Guys, you need to take back your title as parent … You’re in charge of these beautiful babies, and I failed horribly,” she said of a “sneaky a–hole” who messaged dark porn to her daughter.