Beijing took another swipe at the United States on Wednesday over relations with Taiwan, with the Chinese ambassador accusing the Biden administration of “hollowing out and blurring up” the long-accepted “One China” policy. “[The US] is substantially uplifting the official links with Taiwan by sending more officials to the island. It is sending sophisticated weapons to Taiwan and even claims that the US will defend Taiwan militarily,” ambassador Qin Gang said during the annual Aspen Security Forum. “The United States is hollowing out and blurring up the ‘One China’ policy,” he said. Qin appeared to be referring to President Biden’s repeated insistence that the US would defend Taiwan if China laid siege to the island — which it has long claimed is a part of its territory. Biden last made the vow to defend Taiwan in May, telling reporters that getting involved militarily is the “commitment we made.” “We agree with the ‘One China’ policy. We signed on to it. All the attendant agreements [were] made from there. But the idea that that can be taken by force, just taken by force. It’s just not — it’s just not appropriate,” he said. Through the policy, the US recognizes the People’s Republic of China as the sole government of the Asian nation. However, when it comes to Taiwan, Washington has maintained a policy of strategic ambiguity — acknowledging Beijing’s claim to the island but not endorsing it. In recent months, the US has warned that China may assert control over Taiwan through an invasion. CIA Director William Burns reiterated concern during the security forum Wednesday, saying he “wouldn’t underestimate President Xi [Jinping]’s determination to assert Chinese control.” Burns added that “the risks become higher … the further into this decade that you get.” Wednesday evening, Biden revealed to reporters that he will be speaking with Xi within the next 10 days. He also urged House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to cancel her reported upcoming visit to Taiwan next month — which sparked heavy backlash from Beijing. “The military thinks it’s not a good idea right now,” Biden said. The Chinese government also warned the California Democrat against visiting the island a day before, saying it would have “severe negative impact” on US-Chinese relations. “The US Congress is part of the US government and supposed to strictly adhere to the US’s one-China policy,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijan said, adding that China “firmly” opposed any official interaction between the US and Taiwan. “If Speaker Pelosi visits Taiwan, it would seriously violate the one-China principle … It will have a severe negative impact on the political foundation of the China-US relations, and send a gravely wrong signal to ‘Taiwan independence’ separatists forces.” “China firmly opposes such a visit,” Zhao added. Pelosi spokesperson Drew Hammill declined to say whether the speaker planned to visit Taiwan, telling The Post: “We do not confirm or deny international travel in advance due to longstanding security protocols.”