NYPD cops busted five men and seized 182 handguns in an illegal gun-trafficking ring that ran weapons from Tennessee to sell on the streets of Queens, officials said Thursday. The men exploited the lax gun laws in Tennessee and used the infamous “gun show loophole” to funnel the weapons through the so-called Iron Pipeline into New York, Queens District Attorney Melinda Katz said at a news conference. The members of the ring were hit with a 1,611-count indictment with charges including criminal sale of a weapon and criminal possession of a weapon in an investigation cops nicknamed “Operation Hot Cakes,” Katz said. “Illegal gun traffickers who flood our neighborhoods with dangerous firearms put every resident of our borough at grave risk,” the DA said in a statement. “We have seen far too many instances of guns, purchased down South and trafficked into New York that are then recovered at devastating crime scenes, leaving bloodshed and tragedy on our streets.” Cops seized 182 firearms, 136 high-capacity magazines and hundreds of rounds of ammo that were either sold to an undercover cop or confiscated from the men when they were arrested. Only one of the guns was a “ghost gun” without a serial number. The original investigation was sparked by a Springfield Gardens resident who called in a tip about gun sales in the neighborhood, said Inspector Brian Gill, commanding officer of the Firearms Suppression Section. “The average price was $1,035,” Gill told The Post after the news conference. “Typically people charge double retail on an illegal firearms purchase.” The scheme included four city residents and Tennessee gun supplier Rick Horne, 70. Bronx resident Jonathan Harris, 28, was identified as the main supplier while three other men were identified as resellers and distributors, according to cops. Their sales stretched from Southeast Queens to the Soundview section of the Bronx, cops said. Anthony “Tony” Sanford, 57, of Queens allegedly made multiple guns and ammo sales to an undercover cop between August 2021 and April 2022 in Jamaica and Springfield Gardens, according to the DA. His nephew, Oliver Sanford, 40, was observed doing counter-surveillance during two of sales. Cops then linked the Sanfords to Harris, who they were investigating separately for selling guns in the Bronx, and found the trio communicating about weapons available for sale. Surveillance found that Harris would travel to Knoxville, Tenn. Particularly when gun shows were being held, according to cops. Harris would discuss the gun sales with Horne, and deliveries to Queens and the Bronx would be arranged through Oliver Sanford, 40, and Thomas Parsley, 44, the DA said. All four city men were ordered held in prison without bail and Horne, who was arrested in Tennessee, is awaiting extradition to New York. Harris, Horne and Tony Sanford are each facing up to 50 years in prison, while Oliver Sanford and Parsley can be sentenced to up to 20 years.