“American Pickers” star Mike Wolfe has updated fans on his castmate Frank Fritz’s health following his stroke. On Monday, Wolfe, 58, told People that he hopes fans will keep Fritz, 56, in “their thoughts and prayers.” “The most important thing is that we allow him time to heal and giving [sic] him the space to do so,” he said. Fritz was hospitalized earlier this month and, last week, Wolfe spoke about the news to his fans on Instagram. “I have been very private in the past year in regards to Franks [sic] life and the journey he’s been on,” Wolfe wrote on social media at the time. “There has been lots of opinions in regards to mine and Frank’s friendship and the show but now is not the time to set the record straight. Now is the time to pray for my friend.” He continued, “Frank has suffered a stroke and is in the hospital. Please keep him in your hearts and thoughts. Frank I pray more than anything that you make it through this okay. I love you buddy.” The pair have hosted the History Channel reality series since 2010, however, they haven’t seen or spoken to each other since March 2020 when Fritz left the series. According to the Sun, Fritz was found “sprawled out on the floor” and unable to speak when his stroke occurred. A friend who had come over to check up on him had placed a distressing 911 emergency call. “OK, tell me exactly what happened,” the dispatcher asked Frank’s friend who was home with the reality star. “I just showed up at my friend’s house here, and he was sprawled out on his floor. He can’t speak to me. He might be seizuring, I’m not sure,” the pal said. “OK, stay on the phone, don’t hang up,” the 911 operator replied. The call was placed on July 14 before 11 am. Fritz previously told the Sun in 2021 that he doesn’t talk to Wolfe because he didn’t ask about him after his back surgery. He also noted he went to rehab for alcoholism before the History Channel fired him from “American Pickers.” “I’m feeling really good. Life is good and I’d like to get back into the swing of things. I wish I had done it five years ago, I would have been a different person,” Fritz explained. “It was the best thing for me and I wish I had done it sooner or I wouldn’t be in the position that I am right now,” he added. “I’d still like to get back to my job, I miss my friends and my people and being on the road and meeting all those different characters.”