Keke Palmer is saying “nope” to a fan who compared her to fellow child star Zendaya. A now-viral tweet, posted on Saturday, sparked a debate after a user suggested the “Nope” actress, 28, hasn’t reached the same level of success as the “Euphoria” star, 25, due to colorism. “I’d like someone to do a deep-drive on the similarities and differences between Keke Palmer and Zendaya’s careers,” read the tweet, which included side-by-side photos of the two women. “This may be one of the clearest examples of how colorism plays out in Hollywood. They were both child stars, but their mainstream popularity is very different.” Palmer responded to the statement, noting her role on Broadway’s “Cinderella,” her 2008 Nickelodeon show “True Jackson, VP” and being a talk show host on various morning shows. “A great example of colorism is to believe I can be compared to anyone,” the “Just Keke” host wrote on Sunday. “I’m the youngest talk show host ever. The first Black woman to star in her own show on Nickelodeon, & the youngest & first Black Cinderella on broadway. I’m an incomparable talent. Baby, THIS, is Keke Palmer.” “I’ve been a leading lady since I was 11 years old. I have over 100+ credits, and currently starring in an original screenplay that’s the number one film at the box office #NOPE,” she wrote in an additional tweet. “I’ve had a blessed career thus far, I couldn’t ask for more but God continues to surprise me.” Zendaya previously touched upon colorism and its effect in Hollywood during 2018’s BeautyCon, saying she is well aware of the prejudice. “As a black woman, as a light-skinned black woman, it’s important that I’m using my privilege, my platform to show you how much beauty there is in the African American community,” she said during a conversation with Uber’s chief brand officer, Bozoma Saint John, at the time. The Marvel actress explained: “I am Hollywood’s, I guess you could say, acceptable version of a black girl and that has to change.” “We’re vastly too beautiful and too interesting for me to just be the only representation of that,” she stated.