One of the biggest annual event’s in the shopping calendar is here: The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale 2022. The one-of-a-kind shopping event brings new arrivals from more than 100 brands including Barefoot, La Mer, Madewell and more. The sale kicks off with early access to Nordstrom Nordy Club members on July 6 and opens to the general public on July 15 until July 31. Below, you can find the full sale dates and details. If you fall into the public sale bracket, don’t worry, because you can still build you wishlist now by accessing the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale preview and shopping as soon as your date hits. But we wouldn’t wait around, as quantities are limited and new brands are guaranteed to sell out quick. To get shopping and adding to your wishlist, we outlined the best Nordstrom Anniversary Sale picks for women, men, kids, home and beauty below. Products range from designer finds, kitchen deals and more. Click an option below to shop this article by category or click here to shop directly through Nordstrom. Shop all Nordstrom Anniversary Sale women’s picks here. Great for dressing up or down, this NYDJ Crepe Blouse is made with lightweight material. The fit is roomy, relaxed and features a high-low hem. Choose from an array of lively prints and colors. Everyone loves Free People. But Free People on sale? Even better. These ripped angle jeans highlight a distressed finish, shredded hems and an old-school light wash. Made in the USA, this dainty pendant necklace features your initial. Rock it alone or layer it over more gold necklaces. Kate Spade will always be that one brand we will forever be obsessed with. Right now, you can add this gingham finds in both black and pink for $40 off. Add and textured and bold stiletto to your wardrobe with these strap sandals. Choose from an endless lineup of color variations. Timeless and elegant, these cubic zirconia earrings will go with just about everything. Trust us, you don’t want to miss out on these discounted finds. Don’t forget to snag the matching necklace for the full minimalistic look. This necklace features a chain-link collar and a single sparkling cubic zirconia pendant. Slip these colorful slides on and call it a day. They come in four different colors and feature a raised, walkable block heel that’s simple to style. Alo leggings are truly some of the best workout pieces we’ve ever tried. They are chafe-preventing, feel like a second-skin and are ideal for errands, working out and everything in between. It’s hard to say what we love most about this Free people chemise. Is it the vintage flare? The romantic allure? Perhaps it’s both! Available in both Matcha and Sakura, this Béis Weekend Travel Bag perfectly organizes everything you need for a weekend vacation. It’s ideal for all of your summer travels. Shop all Nordstrom Anniversary Sale men’s picks here. Made using Allen Edmonds’ signature crafting process, this oxford shoe features a tapered toe and a streamlined fit. Details include a laced top and a single leather oak sole. Stretchy, moisture-wicking fabric is the name of the game with this Vinyard Vines polo. Additionally, look forward to built-in UV protection. Every man needs a classic belt that he can depend on, and this is it. Choose from three shades. Sure, this T-shirt may not look like anything special, but just wait until you put it on. You’ll be enveloped in soft, ultra-smooth pima cotton jersey. You’ll never want to take it off. Looking for a light, breathable shoe? Then you’re sure to love the ZeroGrand Cole Haan shoe. It features a knit upper and anatomical cushioning to support natural flexibility. Yes, it’s true. You can score a pair of Ray-Bans for $72 off right now. Best of all, the dark tortoise pattern and color on these sunglasses go with nearly everything. Shoppable in both black and white, this undershirt is ideal for layering under your favorite shirts. It’s make of stretchy, pill-resistant cotton jersey that keeps you cooler than traditional cotton. Elevate a classic look with these suede-cotton pants. Up close, you’ll notice a tonal micro pattern, which adds a bit of flare. Opting for comfort shouldn’t mean saying no to style. Herschel Supply Co. created the classic zip backpack in awesome patterns and colors. In both Sahara and chocolate colors, these Sperry Gold Cup boat shoes take style and practicality to new heights. Details include burnished leather, 18 karat gold-plate details and rawhide laces. Spice up your look with this Brixton packable wool fedora. We love this hat because you can pack it away, take it to the pool and everything in between. Shop all Nordstrom Anniversary Sale kids’ picks here. Your little one can now enjoy mixed-media panels of nylon and fleece to keep them warm on those late night camping trips or cool summer nights. Let her stash her treats in the small side pocket while you get a kick out of the too-cute puff-sleeves. Just because summer is here doesn’t mean the rain is gone for good. Prepare for those spontaneous showers and the following season with the Hunter rain boots. Make sure she can run and play until her heart’s content with these colorful Sketchers. She can enjoy slip-on fun and air-cooled memory foam. Enjoy a compact stroller that’s simple to maneuver and even more durable than before. This option is also accompanied by a zip-up sling bag. An environmentally-friendly wooden highchair is here. Find the perfect height for your little one and enjoy complete versatility, as this chair can fit a 6-month-old all the way to a full-grown adult. Shop all Nordstrom Anniversary Sale home picks here. Customize your fragrance experience with the help of this Pura smart diffuser and your phone. All you need to is insert the included scents and hit “go.” The perfect electric kettle for pro and newbie pour-over-coffee fans didn’t exist — until this Fellow Stagg electric kettle. Choose between black and cream colors. Stay cozy all season long with this Barefoot Dreams throw blanket. The Kardashians don’t love this blanket for no reason, as you can choose from an array of colors to fit your aesthetic perfectly. A chic take on the durable Hydro Flask is here. This water bottle is great for the beach, trail and on-the-go moments. Upgrade your kitchen with the help of these pans form Greenpan. Made from tinted ceramic, you’ll fall in love with their nonstick capabilities. Speaking of cooking, ensure you have everything you need by opting for this Great Jones dutch over. Not only does it get the job done, but it also looks great on display. Shop all Nordstrom Anniversary Sale beauty picks here. Enjoy two of SUPERGOOP’s bestsellers packed with skin care ingredients and SPF. In the pack, you’ll receive a full-size Glow Stick and a full-size Glowscreen. A powerful facial cleansing tool is here. Available in six various colors, this gentle silicone device uses bristles and four customizable modes to get rid of all of that dirt and grime. Olaplex’s best-selling products come together in this one limited edition hair repair kit. Look forward to a jumbo size No. 3 Hair Perfector, a full-size No. 4 Bond Maintenance shampoo and a full-size No. 5 Bond Maintenance. Complete with Cruela, Dolce Vita and Bahama, this NARS lipstick kit gives you the three best lip colors in the brand’s velvet matte collection. Light up the world (or at least your face) with this lighted beauty mirror. Use the bright LED lights to assist in makeup applications, to take selfies and more. Score two of the brand’s most popular lip finds with one easy purchase. Plus, you’ll be scoring a $61 value and only spending $42. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.