After USWNT superstar Carli Lloyd officially hung up her cleats, retiring in November, she and her husband took a “bucket list” trip to the Maldives later that month. “I felt like it was too soon because I probably could have been more chill and relaxed,” the 39-year-old told The Post. “I was still coming down from that roller coaster.” And what a high speed ride it’s been for the Delran, NJ native, who joined the national team in 2005. During her legendary career, she notched two Olympic gold medals, two World Cup titles and scored 128 goals in International play. “I went out when I wanted to go out. On my terms, and there is nothing greater than that,” she said. A few months on, Lloyd is still adjusting to retirement. She’s taken numerous trips, including a three week cross country drive in an RV, and a jaunt to Breckenridge where she skied for the first time in 17 years. “I’ve been kayaking, four wheeling, skiing — basically all the things I couldn’t do while I was playing,” she said of the risky physical activity. And the 5-foot-8 forward even contemplated returning to her old National Women’s Soccer League squad, Gotham FC. “[Gotham manager] Scott [Parksinon] has said, ‘Why don’t you just come back for the season and play.’ I entertained it for a quick second, but the two-hour commutes up there one way, it’s not going to work,” said the South Jersey resident of their Whippany, NJ, practice facility. Instead, she became a Gotham FC minority owner in April. Lloyd said there’s no real blueprint for her role with Gotham, which is evolving though she has core responsibilities. “It’s my job to continue the buzz around the team and help get butts in the seats.” Formerly known as Sky Blue FC, the NY/NJ club weathered its own scandal in 2019 when players complained about deplorable housing conditions and a lack of facilities. They now play in Red Bull Arena and have made strides to revamp player accommodations. Lloyd, who briefly played for Manchester City’s women’s squad in 2017 in the UK, acknowledged the NWSL has progress to make. “I think it helped me as a player to see another league … I played at Man City, so everything is incredible there,” she said of the club’s facilities. “We’re not there with the NWSL. It matters, you know, having a training facility and everything you need to be a professional. Unfortunately it costs money, too.” Though it’s nice to have the bells and whistles, Lloyd admits to being “old school” in her approach to nutrition, training and recovery systems. She relied on minimalist methods like ice baths and traveling with a lacrosse ball to self massage. Recently, she upgraded to self-massaging gadgets from Symbodi. “I have been very digiligent with my recovery, hence one of the reasons, I was able to play when I was 39,” she said. (According to Soccer Blade, the average retirement age for female soccer players is 30). She added that these days, athletes have so many experts dispensing advice that some lose touch with their own bodily intuition. “All of those personnel … [are] a great luxury to have, but it almost confuses people and takes away from the self awareness and the accountability piece of knowing your body and figuring out what you need. I did whatever felt good to me.” In 2019, Lloyd sparked a flurry of headlines after nailing a 55-yard field goal at an Eagles practice, and reportedly received offers from an NFL team to kick in a preseason game. She said the desire to join an NFL team “is always kind of there.” Lloyd is far from the only soccer star to court chatter about kicking in the NFL, though she is the only female to showcase such power. Tottenham star Harry Kane has also been vocal about wanting to suit up as a kicker in the league. “It would be fun to see who could kick further, Harry or I. I would be up for that challenge,” she said. But does she think she has the stuff to make in a men’s world? “Can I do it? Absolutely. I think I can do anything I set my mind to do. It’s just the confidence I have to not fear anything.”