How is it already the final 12 hours of Amazon Prime Day? We’ve seen incredible Prime Day deals on men’s and women’s fashion, beauty, baby finds, tools, coffee makers and more. Now, Amazon is bringing down the house with discounts across affordable fine jewelry such as earrings, necklaces, rings and more. Of course, we couldn’t leave you hanging to do all of the research on your own, so we put our heads together to find the best Amazon jewelry deals currently available. So get ready to sparkle and shine while saving on hot ticket items. Tip: we wouldn’t wait long to add these to your shopping cart, as they are sure to go quick.  There’s nothing like classic gold hoops. Enjoy a variety of styles with this pack of six various earring sets. If bold earrings are more your style, then you’ll fall in love with this 9-pack of earrings. Enjoy marble pink options alongside vibrant green finds. Initial necklaces are all the rage, so jump in on the trend. But don’t forget to elevate the classic style with a layered approach. Elegant and tasteful, this tiny cross necklace adds just the right amount of glam to any outfit. It’s so lightweight and easy to style, you’ll forget you even have it on. Sometimes rose gold just looks better on certain skin tones. If that’s you, add some sparkle with this knot pendant. Ideal for both men and women, this three-pack of chain link necklaces add a bit of edge to any ‘fit. Best of all, you get one in each color. Why yes, we would love an 18-karat gold plated ring for 20% off. Best of all, it comes in an iconic style that everyone is after. This gold plated ring adds some detail to your look with an engraved flower. Score it in silver or gold plating. Wear this silicone ring any time and any where. You won’t have to worry about it scuffing or being ruined, as it’s made for active lifestyles. What’s great about these stacked bracelets, is that you don’t even have to think about what to style them with. They pair with virtually anything, making getting ready a breeze. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.