He got all bent out of shape. An unlucky Indonesian man was diagnosed with a rare penis condition, called “eggplant deformity,” after fracturing his manhood while having sex with his wife. His wince-worthy whoopie wound was detailed in the International Journal of Surgery Case Reports. “We present a case report of severe penile fracture associated with sexual intercourse,” reads the July report regarding the phallic fiasco. The 50-year-old patient had reported to the hospital, claiming that his penis had been swollen for four hours following a mishap in the sack. According to the study, the frisky fellow had been “having intercourse with his wife when he felt a ‘crack,’ ” whereupon he lost his erection, and suffered urethral bleeding and an inability to ejaculate. A subsequent examination revealed that his penis had turned purple and was severely deviated to the right like a question mark, as seen in graphic photos included in the case study. Meanwhile, the mangled member also sported a hematoma — or blood clot — that ran from the penis tip to the scrotum, as well as a ruptured urethra, which could’ve impeded urine flow if untreated. Doctors diagnosed the poor soul with “eggplant deformity,” where the penis buckles due to blunt trauma during sex. This generally occurs after the member slips “out of the vagina during intercourse” and strikes the female genitalia, according to a case study published in 2015 in the Medical Journal Armed Forces India. In addition, the eggplant deformity can lead to permanent disfigurement and impotence if untreated. In order to res-erect the man’s misshapen member, doctors cut open the penis and fixed the fractured urethra and penis tissue with soluble stitches, according to the study. They then drained the hematoma and then tested his penile function with an “artificial erection.” Thankfully, the patient’s penis passed the erectile exam, and he didn’t have any complications such as fluid leakage or a bent member. After resting at the hospital for five days, the patient was discharged with a urethral catheter that he was forced to pee through for the next 21 days. At a follow-up appointment four months later, the man said he was pleased with the results and could ejaculate and “interact sexually with his wife without experiencing any discomfort,” per the study. Although photos from the checkup revealed that his manhood was still slightly askew. In a similar case of shattered manhood last July, a frisky UK fellow accidentally snapped his penis lengthwise during an epic backfire in the boudoir.