Pete Alonso is still suffering after-effects from the harrowing car accident he was involved in during spring training. The Mets slugger opened up about how the wreck has lingered with him in a first-person story in the Players Tribune, saying he still has “pretty bad PTSD” from the ordeal. “When it happened, I was super relaxed and wasn’t worried about a thing. Just driving in my truck like I do all the time. I had a green light. Nothing unusual at all,” Alonso wrote. “The light wasn’t even yellow, it was just a straight green light. So for the driver coming from the side, the light was red. It’s a situation we’re all in constantly, right? You have the green, and you keep going. You don’t even think about it. You just assume that the driver with the red light is obviously going to stop. “In my case, though, the person didn’t stop. His car plowed straight into the side of my truck. The collision literally sounded like a bomb went off. Then, before I could even figure out what had happened, my truck started to flip.” Alonso recalled that, unlike the experiences of others, time did not slow down for him in this incident — it happened really fast, and he thought he was going to die. “Alright, that’s it. It’s over for me. I’m done. The end,” he remembered thinking at the time. Alonso feels fortunate to have not only survived the wreck, but to have not even been significantly injured in it, crediting his Ford truck with absorbing the blow. Nevertheless, he cannot shake from his mind the myriad what-ifs in terms of the far worse scenarios that could have happened. “When something like this happens to you, there’s so much that cycles through your mind. There are a ton of what-ifs involved. I mean, my wife was driving right behind me. If that other driver had arrived at that intersection two seconds later, he would’ve hit her instead,” Alonso wrote. “And even beyond that, there are just a lot of things that have gone through my head since I got hit. A big accident like that, when it happens to you, I don’t care who you are, it’s not easy. No matter how strong you might think you are, it can still be rough in a lot of different ways. I’m still dealing with some pretty bad PTSD from it, to be completely honest with you. And I feel very fortunate that I was able to recognize that. That I’ve been able to talk through it with some people. I mean, over the past several months I’ve really been leaning on some people that I trust and hold close. I’m continuously working through everything.” The 27-year-old Alonso is having a great season for the Mets, batting .269 with 23 home runs, 72 RBIs and an .871 OPS headed into Wednesday’s game against the Braves.