Paramount+ has given “Criminal Minds” the reboot it deserves. The hit CBS thriller, which aired its finale in Feb. 2020, will return for a 10-episode series following a single case, according to TVLine.com. Stars Joe Mantegna, Kirsten Vangsness, Adam Rodriguez, A.J. Cook, Aisha Tyler and Paget Brewster are set to reprise their original roles. Erica Messer, the “Criminal Minds” executive producer and showrunner, will also return, according to the outlet. The revival, however, will move forward without two familiar faces. Matthew Gray Gubler, who portrayed the beloved Spencer Reid, will reportedly not return for the revival. Gubler indicated that after playing Spencer Reid for 15 years, he was ready to move on from the show. Daniel Henney, who played Matthew Simmons, will also not be returning due to other projects. Over the span of 15 years, fans of “Criminal Minds” have shuddered, cried and smiled along with Quantico’s best. When “Criminal Minds” ended in Feb. 2020, viewers were not sure if they would ever again step inside the world of the FBI’s Behavioral Analysis Unit. An agreement was reached between Paramount+ and ABC Signature and CBS Studios, the studios behind “Criminal Minds” for the revival in Feb. 2022. During the last few months, the cast and Messer were getting fully onboard. Finally, on Aug. 21, production is planning to begin in Los Angeles. “Guys! I think this is finally for real happening! We look younger and confused in this pic but friends, great things come with age,” Brewster tweeted. “IT LIVES!” Just two days ago, Joe Mantegna wrote “Just doing a little inspection today for an upcoming project. #criminalminds” on Twitter with a photo of himself on set. The endearing relationships between the characters and the disturbingly fascinating plot in each episode are what kept people watching through the show’s 15 seasons. “Criminal Minds” originally ran from 2005 to 2020, with a total of 324 episodes. The smash hit focused heavily on the criminals and their victims and won many awards, including the “Top Television Series” from 2006-2013 at the ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards. The first 12 seasons of the show are currently available on Netflix, with seasons 13-15 available on Hulu. All 15 seasons are on Paramount+. Viewers will be able to watch the “Criminal Minds” revival exclusively on Paramount+, likely available for streaming in early 2023.