Quinnen Williams does not have his money on his mind as Jets training camp begins. The defensive tackle is slated to play for $4.9 million this season but is eligible for a contract extension. Williams has not complained about his contract this offseason and that continued Tuesday. “The contract is not really a big thing on my mind right now,” Williams said on the day veterans reported to training camp. “That’s not really a big thing in my family or in my head right now. I definitely feel like it’s going to pan itself out, it’s going to work itself out when it comes down to time to have a new contract or negotiate a new contract.” Williams expressed excitement about entering this year off a healthy offseason. Last year, he had foot surgery in April and that prevented him from doing offseason workouts. “Being healthy is amazing,” Williams said. “I’ve got a chance to have a healthy offseason versus having an unhealthy offseason. Having a healthy offseason does a lot for you. You get your body fat where you want it in the offseason. “You get in shape like you want to prepare for the season. Being not able to train puts you in a setback because once you do get back, there’s a lot of catching up to do. Now, it’s just full throttle, you work on your craft, work on what you need to get to better at. That’s why I feel like I’ve attacked this offseason, just trying to get better nutrition-wise, conditioning-wise to be the player I want to be.” Williams said he lost “a lot of weight” and also added muscle mass. He said this is the best shape he has been in during his career. “It just maximizes my athletic ability,” Williams said. “It’s like you’re driving a truck with a boat on the back. Once you drop that boat, you’re smoother.” OT Mekhi Becton did not speak to the media Tuesday and neither did coach Robert Saleh, so there was not an update on Becton’s conditioning, but the Jets privately have expressed excitement about the shape Becton showed up in. He has lost a considerable amount of weight. The Jets’ official Twitter account posted a photo of a slimmed-down Becton on Tuesday. “I know he was working this offseason,” guard Alijah Vera-Tucker said. “He was telling me about it. He looked good too coming in. I can tell he has that mindset, he’s ready to prove himself.” Becton was activated off the PUP list on Tuesday and will be able to practice Wednesday. Vera-Tucker said he and new guard Laken Tomlinson worked out together in California recently and Vera-Tucker was able to pick the veteran’s brain on playing guard … TE Tyler Conklin went to “Tight End U” and spoke to 49ers TE George Kittle about playing in this offense, which offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur brought with him from San Francisco. … CB D.J. Reed said he had a strained hamstring in the spring but is now fully recovered. … DE Carl Lawson and TE C.J. Uzomah were both activated off of the PUP list. … The Jets signed QB Chris Streveler, WR Rashard Davis and OL Isaiah Williams. They cut WR DJ Montgomery, CB Craig James and OL Dru Samia.