The Mets began to address their gaping hole at designated hitter Friday night. They acquired Daniel Vogelbach, a power-hitting left-handed hitter who feasts on right-handed pitching, from the Pirates. The Post’s Jon Heyman was first to report the deal. The price was a bit surprising — impressive young reliever Colin Holderman. Clearly, however, the Mets didn’t want to wait around until the Aug. 2 trade deadline to improve themselves at the DH spot, where J.D. Davis, Dom Smith (currently on the injured list with a sprained ankle) and former Met Robinson Cano have all struggled. Triple-A call-up Travis Blankenhorn started at designated hitter Friday night against the Padres. “We wanted to get an offensive player in here, and we think we did that in adding ‘Vogey,’ someone who has really excelled against right-handed pitching,” general manager Billy Eppler said shortly after the deal was announced. “He can be a presence in the order.” Mets designated hitters owned a .662 OPS this year and were batting just .216 while Vogelbach has an .896 OPS against right-handed pitchers, and has 12 home runs in 173 at-bats. He is strictly a designated hitter, a hefty player who has logged just five innings in the field this year. He does struggle against southpaws, batting just .141 against them, but is a patient hitter sporting a strong .338 on-base percentage. He also hits for power, which is something the Mets, ninth in the National League in long balls with 92, lack. “In grabbing Daniel, we were able to get a power bat in here,” Eppler said. “His plate discipline really fits our offensive philosophy [of] making good decisions in the batter’s box, swinging at strikes, not swinging at balls. Great on-base percentage, great power. I’ve seen Daniel Vogelbach dating all the way back to high school and he’s hit everywhere he’s been. That’s what we’re going to ask him to do when he gets over here.” Vogelbach, 29, has a team option for next year worth $1.5 million. Eppler said the Mets would be “open-minded” to further improving the offense, and possibly adding a right-handed hitting DH option to complement Vogelbach. The 26-year-old Holderman showed potential as a reliever, striking out 18 in 17 ²/₃ innings while compiling a 2.02 ERA, and the Mets’ bullpen was already looking to add reinforcements. Losing Holderman increases the need for them to be active in that area, though Eppler said reliever Trevor May (stress reaction on the lower part of his humerus) is getting closer to a return. “It was really difficult. In a way we had to rob Peter to pay Paul,” Eppler said. “But some of the conversations I’ve had with other clubs has given me the feeling there might be a little bit more of a robust relief market.”