No matter how good the team is behind you, making your first MLB start in 10 months against the Houston Astros is far from ideal. That’s the spot that Domingo German of the New York Yankees finds himself in on Thursday night. German, who last pitched in the majors on Oct. 1, 2021, will toe the rubber for the Bombers in Game 2 of their pivotal double-header with the Astros, who enter the twin-bill just 4.5 games behind the Yanks in the American League standings. Even though German is making his debut, the Astros currently sit as just -125 favorites for the game. And it’s not like German will be going up against a pushover, either. After starting Cristian Javier in Game 1 of the doubleheader, the Astros will turn to Luis Garcia for the nightcap. Garcia has his warts — particularly his inability to keep the ball in the yard, which could be an issue against this Yankees lineup — but overall, he grades out as a dependable starting pitcher with a 3.65 ERA and 1.06 WHIP in 88.2 innings of work. Garcia’s expected indicators, like his 3.49 xERA and 3.61 xFIP, suggest that his back-of-the-baseball-card numbers fairly represent how well he’s pitched so far this season. Garcia’s batted-ball data falls in line with the rest of his profile, which is to say it’s solid but not spectacular. He ranks in the 66th percentile in hard-hit rate, 46th percentile in average exit velocity, and 35th percentile in barrel rate. Considering the offense supporting him and that his opponent is making his season debut, Garcia should have a decent margin for error on Thursday, which is a good set-up for a pitcher with a rough longball habit. We have a pretty decent idea of the type of pitcher Garcia is this season, but the opposite is true of German. German’s 0.44 ERA and 0.49 WHIP through 20.1 rehab innings in the Minor Leagues looks impressive on the surface, but he only struck out 11 batters in that span, which is surprising considering he averages 9.87 K/9 in his MLB career. For the most part, you’re better off almost completely ignoring stats from a rehab assignment, but the lack of whiffs seems a bit perplexing for a pitcher who relies on the strikeout to avoid damage.  Like Garcia, German has battled issues with the home run throughout his career. Pitching in Yankee Stadium certainly won’t help with that, but a 1.66 HR/9 in 341.1 innings of work in the major leagues is a bit worrying for a starting pitcher going up against one of baseball’s most prolific offenses. The Yankees and Astros are the class of the American League and you can make arguments for both teams to be the favorite to win the pennant. But with the uncertainty surrounding German in his first start, it does seem like the Astros are a bit cheap on Thursday night. Houston Astros -1.5 (+155) — BetMGM Sportsbook