President Biden never promised to “make America constitutional again.” Though he took office preaching the need for “unity,” he increasingly rules like an elective dictator, relying on executive orders instead of working with Congress for legislative solutions. But leftists supporters are furious that Biden has not seized far more power to inflict their values on the rest of America. Biden yesterday issued an executive order calling for a report within 30 days “identifying potential actions” to safeguard women’s access to abortion. The order asks the Federal Trade Commission to “consider actions” to safeguard women’s privacy when they seek information on abortion. The order has a flurry of other provisions, including summoning activist lawyers to prepare for court brawls, but many observers considered the order “vague.” Leftists are angry that Biden did not issue a decree making abortion legal based on . . . the majesty of the presidency, I guess. AOC and Sen. Elizabeth Warren called for setting up abortion clinics in national parks. Advocates are pushing Biden to create travel vouchers for pregnant women, though federally-funded abortion tourism might not play well in swing states. Andrea Miller, president of the National Institute for Reproductive Health, declared, “You need to be willing to take some risks — even if the anticipation is it might not work.” Sharmin Hossain of the Liberate Abortion Coalition, a group of more than 150 reproductive rights organizations, proclaimed, “We can’t wait 190 days [until the election]. People need care now and that wait could mean life or death for people” (not including fetuses). Similarly, leftists are caterwauling for Biden to issue an executive order canceling almost $2 trillion in federal student loans owed by 46 million people. According to Democrats on Capitol Hill, every ex-student deserves to be treated like an oppressed victim to have all their debts canceled (even the damn lawyers). Biden has repeatedly decreed moratoriums so that ex-students don’t have to pay a cent on their federal loans. Biden lacks legal authority to waive all the debt, but his critics will never be satisfied as long as any ex-student has to pay a dime. Are leftists oblivious to how much power Biden has already tried to use — and failed? As law professor Jonathan Turley observed, “President Biden has arguably the worst record of losses in [federal court] the first two years of any recent presidential administration.” Despite being told again and again that he can’t just make law, leftists still insist Biden act unilaterally on abortion, guns and the environment. Ironically, despite four years nonstop howling about the peril from President Trump, many leftists understand nothing about the danger of absolute power.