Andrea Sunshine — the 53-year-old bodybuilder who often makes headlines for her jaw-dropping appearance — said a gym owner told her she’s no longer allowed to record her workouts for her 133,000 Instagram followers. In a now-deleted post, Sunshine, who splits her time between London and Brazil, claimed the manager at SmartFit gym in Buzios, Brazil, told her to turn the camera off. “I told him who I was, but it just made it worse,” she said, according to Jam Press. “He asked to see my Instagram. I showed him,” she continued. “He reacted with a sneer and said, ‘Oh, are you famous? But, I’m sorry, you can’t record.'” The fitness-obsessed sensation said she felt “enormous discomfort and embarrassment” from their interaction, and wished the manager would have pulled her aside instead of scolding her in the middle of the weight room, according to Jam Press. “A warning to all athletes and influencers in my area, we must not accept this kind of prejudice. If I were a man, would this manager act the same way?” she asked. Jam Press said the post racked up 2,000 likes and varrying opinions from the comment section. “Go to OnlyFans and earn big without having to expose yourself,” one wrote. Someone else added: “It’s always good to see both sides of the story, before jumping to conclusions, but it’s very uncomfortable for those people who go to the gym to record and take pictures, not everyone wants to show up.” “The gym chain bosses are all rotten and arrogant, I had problems at the unit in my neighborhood and the manager just didn’t want to solve my problem, I never went back there,” another offered. “If you were a man, no one would interrupt your training to embarrass you,” said another user. “At the gym I attended we were prohibited from filming, I never saw anyone even taking pictures there, and I couldn’t even talk on the cell phone in the locker room lol, it’s absurd,” said someone else. “If you want to record, just do a gym at home… we must respect usage policies, people need to stop thinking they deserve different treatment just because if they are treated like others they will post on the internet,” another suggested. Jam Press has contacted SmartFit gym for comment. In March, Sunshine told the outlet that she eats 150 eggs a month to stay sexy. Her hot bod often attracts younger men, but she said she doesn’t like the attention while in the gym.