Ivana. She was rep’d in Those Days by lawyer Jay Goldberg. She loved dinner at now closed E. 60s Rotisserie Georgette. She was on the cover of James Edstrom’s book on ’80s fashion. We shared the pain of losing our multiple co-Yorkies. Off from Aspen one winter skiing she lost seven suitcases. She was launching a new fragrance. She spent an evening with her children on their yacht. She wrote her memoir titled “The Best Is Yet To Come.” Summered in London with Riccardo then got rid of him the next season. Did a Pocket Book novel titled “Free To Love.” Attended a women’s power lunch at the Rainbow Room. Was up cooking Thanksgiving turkey at 5 a.m. She and Beverly Sills gave a party for the NYC opera dressed as its lead characters. Skated across Wollman Rink. Toured the world’s sister hotels over two weeks. In ’88 did up the Eloise suite in the Plaza. In ’88 got her American citizenship. Gave employees of the Plaza 1,100 turkeys. She attended Princess Diana’s gala. Was upset when carpet for the Plaza lobby was delayed. She’d do ladies lunch at La Grenouille. Posed for Vogue over a weekend. Was in Deborah Raffin’s Christmas book. Went to Czechoslovakia with her children for her father’s funeral. Was available for lectures through the William Morris Agency. Helped women for Columbia Grammar School’s fund-raiser. Was a guest on E! TV. Whoever’s Prince Max Schaumburg-Lippe of Austria escorted her someplace. In ’08 Ivanka gave mom a gift certificate to her jewelry store. She was in a commercial in London for Trump Tower. Her prenup got mentioned in connection to Elton John marrying David Furnish. She took her mother to Rome. Gave a March of Dimes cookout at the Plaza. Hosted a VIP screening of “The Affair of the Necklace” with Count Roffredo. When her hairdresser was busy she sent her hairclip there by limo and the hairdresser fixed it and it rode back to Ivana by limo. Did a book based on columnist me. Dined with her in-laws at Le Cirque. Palm Beach Lawyers Commission got sneaky about her swimming pool. Was heading to St-Tropez this week. And Ivana Marie Zelnickova, born Feb. 20, 1949, in Gottwaldov, Czechoslovakia, could have said, “Ivana got it all” — because she did. Despite the pain, another goodbye to another forever friend Carleton Varney. Designer, decorator, author, head of the Dorothy Draper design organization. He spruced up the Carlyle, Waldorf, Palm Beach’s Breakers Hotel, Ireland’s Ashford Castle, the Greenbrier, White House rooms, Mackinac Island, Michigan’s Grand Hotel. And he produced handsome successful sons Nicholas, Sebastian and Seamus. Carleton also wrote books. One’s being reproduced now for TV. Sunday, please tune into my regular hourlong WABC radio broadcast 770 on the AM dial. I’m remembering my forever friends. Both the world treasured. Both were international. But both lived only in New York, kids, only in New York.