Former Las Vegas Raiders cornerback Damon Arnette was nabbed by cops twice between late Monday night and Tuesday morning in Miami Beach, Fla., according to local reports. The 25-year-old was initially pulled over Monday evening at 8:56 p.m. after police found that his license was expired. Police told Arnette he was not allowed to drive until his license was reinstated, but they permitted the passenger in the car with Arnette to operate the vehicle. But Arnette would find himself in trouble again in the span of just four hours when police busted him for driving the same car around 12:48 a.m. Tuesday. That’s when cops further inspected the vehicle and searched Arnette before finding a white-powdery substance on him. Arnette was arrested for possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, and driving on a suspended license, according to Fox News. He was but was released on $2,000 bond but is due in court on Aug. 25 for the arraignment, according to Las Vegas Journal. The Raiders released Arnette after he was accused of injuring a woman in a car crash in 2021 and leaving the scene. The woman sued Arnette after suffering serious injuries, but the case was closed in September after he pleaded guilty and paid a $1,140 fine, according to the Sun Sentinel. Then, on Jan. 29, 2022, Arnette was arrested in Las Vegas and charged with carrying a deadly weapon and concealed weapon without a permit along with two counts of possession of controlled substances. Arnette was cleared of those charges by the Clark County district attorney on Tuesday, hours after he was arrested in Miami, according to Yahoo Sports. Arnette was signed to the Kansas City Chiefs, who signed him on January 20, 2022, the but the team released him following the Las Vegas arrest. The former Ohio State prospect was taken in the 2020 draft by the Raiders as their 19th pick overall. Most notably — he was selected just seven picks before Henry Ruggs III — another Raiders player who was released after killing a 23-year-old in a car accident.