Is it getting hot in here, or is it just the unbeatable Everlane Summer Sale deals? We’re going to go with the second (even though we’re in the middle of a heat wave), because Everlane is bringing down the house with up to 50% off men’s and women’s styles. So if you’ve been wanting to snag those Everlane jeans (yes, we’re talking to you) or those Everlane shoes (mhm, you know which ones), now’s the time to do so. With over 250 items on sale, it’s hard to say no to these dang good sales. But don’t wait too long, as time will be up on July 24. Shop some of our favorite Everlane finds, like this perfect smocked linen dress or totally trendy basic tee, below. You already know we had to include an amazing pair of Everlane jeans. This ’90s cheeky style will hug you in all of the right places, as it’s made with premium non-stretch Japanese fabric. Oh, and who doesn’t love a vintage-inspired look? Casually cool, this organic cotton box-cut tee features a classic crew neck and everyday stripes. And if we do so suggest, this tee would look so chic with a pair of good ol’ white jeans. Choose from an array of patterns and colors. Whether your name is Mary, Jane or neither, you’ll fall head over flats for this deal. Choose from almond or black velvet flats and look forward to the ultimate foot cushion. It’s like two little beds for each of your feet. Cross your heart and hope to die with this sweet apron top. Available in four dreamy colors, you can choose the one that best compliments your wardrobe. I mean, who wouldn’t want to score a cropped, utilitarian style find at a discount? We told you this linen dress was one of our favs, so we just had to do our part and share all of the details with you. Available to shop in brown, red and black, you can dress this linen dress up you way. We love to wear it on hot days, as its airy and breathable. Ideal for lounging around the house or wearing into the city, this casual tee does it all. Choose from white sage or blue slate. You really can’t go wrong with your choice. Everlane jeans aren’t just amazing for women, but they’re just as great for men. So, boys, slip into these slim fit jeans made of premium, mid-weight denim. They’re stretchy and comfortable. White shoes can seem daunting, but trust us, they won’t get as dirty as you’d think. So do yourself and your closet a favor by copping these sleek finds. But if what is too much of an ask, go with the lavender or mint color. It is summer, so it only makes sense we throw in the Long Sleeve Summer Shirt. Featuring pin stripes and lightweight construction that keeps you cool, you’ll stay summer-ready even when the season comes to pass. Available in both olive green and tawny brown, these pull-on chino shorts are sweat-wicking quick-drying and stretchy. So go ahead and wear them on a brisk walk. Who’s stopping you? Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.