Retired three-star US Army Lt. Gen. Gary Volesky is a true American hero. The former fighting man earned a Silver Star for valor while serving his country in Iraq. His bravery on the battlefield is unparalleled, his dignity unmatched. So why is Volesky today sitting at home, his reputation in tatters, his post-service career in limbo? Since last month, the decorated ex-officer has been under investigation by the military on trumped-up charges, suspended from his $92-an-hour gig as a mentor to active-duty men and women. All because, in an unguarded moment, Volensky, 60, sent a snarky tweet to first lady Jill Biden, 71, regarding the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Compare Volesky’s treatment to that of “G.I. Roe,” an active-duty medic who’s been burning up social media with an angry rant about the ditching of Roe. The woman, who posted a profane TikTok video under the name Sgt. Rahasenfratz, even suggested that she might find it difficult or impossible to fulfill her duties as a defender of freedom now that she could be denied the right to terminate a pregnancy. “How am I supposed to swear to support and defend the Constitution and a country that treats its women like second-class citizens?” the medic seethed in a three-minute video. “How am I supposed to do that? How am I supposed to do that with pride? How am I supposed to do that with love and honor?” She asked, “How am I supposed to wake up every day and put on a frickin’ uniform that says ‘United States Army,’ when the United States doesn’t even give a rat’s ass about me? It gives more of a rat’s ass about the guns they’re allowed to buy that kill the children that I’m forced to give birth to,” she continued. “Think about that.” You might think she’d be put under investigation. Suspended. Canceled. I mean, fair is fair. You’d be wrong. The Army “respects the right of Soldiers to use social media for self-expression,” a spokesman told The Post. Unless you’re Lt. Gen. Volesky, apparently. It started on June 24, the day of the Supreme Court decision, when Jill Biden sent out a tweet saying “for nearly 50 years, women have had the right to make our own decisions about our bodies. Today, that right was stolen from us.’’ Volesky’s response was flippant: “Glad to see you finally know what a woman is,’’ he wrote. This glib message is more of a commentary on the leftists in charge than a barb specifically aimed at Jill Biden. It wasn’t even entirely about abortion, but delved into transgender rights. The remark evoked the recent Senate confirmation hearings of new Supreme Court Associate Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson, who, when asked if she could define the word “woman,’’ replied, “No, I can’t.’’ “Not in this context,’’ said Jackson. “I’m not a biologist.’’ An Army spokesman confirmed that Volesky has been suspended from his military job pending the outcome of an inquiry. The spokesman explained that the branch “does not prohibit Army personnel, at any time, including when they are at work or on duty, from expressing their personal opinions about non-partisan issues, even if politically charged.” What does that even mean? How can a non-partisan issue be politically charged? Sounds like the Army is making a decision based on what someone’s opinion is, not that they expressed it in the first place — and that’s the difference between Volesky and GI Roe.