She’s sexing it off. Carolina Lekker is making her Miss Bumbum 2022 pageant prep seriously sexy. Lekker, who has graced the cover of Playboy Africa, has started a new health and fitness routine. In preparation for the bootylicious contest, Lekker has been amping up her sex drive to cut down on the scale. “To burn the calories, I started the sex diet. It’s five hours of sex a day, at least four days a week. I want to lose 13 pounds,” Lekker told the Daily Star. “We lose a lot of calories having sex. Besides, it’s a normal thing, which is good for your health,” she continued. “So I combined the pleasure with the physical exercise to prepare myself even more for the grand finale.” As with any diet, the Barcelona-based beauty also watches what she eats before she gets under the sheets. “I have avoided soda, excess alcohol, dairy products and fatty foods,” she explained. “I eat more dark chocolate, bananas, eggs and honey.” Having excess amounts of sex can lead to urinary tract infections, inflammation or swelling, soreness or numbness, chafing, pain during intercourse and strained muscles, according to Health Line. But Lekker isn’t trying to risk her health before the big competition — she’s sure to take a few days out of the bedroom. “Sunday is almost a holy day, I do nothing. On the other days, I alternate my days off to rest my body,” Lekker said. On her days off, Lekker charges women to use her good looks and big bum to “honeytrap” their partners. The brunette bombshell has already made more than $10,000 catching would-be cheaters. “I contact them first on Instagram and wait for them to respond. I keep making conversation until the conversation gets hotter,” she told the Daily Star. She charges up to $2,000 to slide into their partner’s private messages to see if they’ll be up for an affair but if their man “passes the loyalty test” by turning her down and refusing to take her bait. Lekker used the money to splurge on cosmetic surgeries costing more than $150,000 in a bid to have “the most expensive body on Instagram.” Now she’s taking her assets to Miss Bumbum 2022.