With countless stories of nightmare babysitters and home invasions, home security cameras sound more appealing by the day. Having a security camera inside your home is an easy way to get some insurance against any potential crimes occurring at home when you’re not able to be there and keep a watchful eye. Unfortunately, the world of home security can be intimidating — with pricey options and intense installation processes that are often not very discreet. If you’ve been looking for a simple and easy option that doesn’t require major installation or expensive contracts, the Wi-Fi Smart 1080P Indoor IP Camera is an excellent choice. This stand-alone camera can be checked right from your phone, and it’s currently on sale for 20% off at just $39.99. Protect your kids, your pets and your belongings with this ecolife WiFi smart IP camera. It serves as your eyes while you’re gone, with 1080p full HD live streaming capabilities that you can watch from anywhere in the world in real time. It’s a great option for those who want something they can install quickly and easily on their own — all you have to do is download the companion app and follow the instructions to get it up and running. Motion recording makes sure you know all the happenings in your home, as it automatically records 10-second video clips anytime motion is detected with a 135-degree viewing angle. Those videos are then saved to a micro SD card or on the cloud for 14 days, giving you two weeks to go through the footage. Worried about the night time? Don’t be, it has night vision and shows you up to 30ft in absolute darkness. Open the app to check on your space anytime, or use voice control to view the livestream as needed. It’s compatible with Google Assistant, Alexa and Siri in the US and Canada. Make sure your loved ones are safe with the Wi-Fi Smart 1080P Indoor IP Camera. It’s discreet, easy to use and install, and keeps a close eye while you’re away, and right now you can grab one for just $39.99. Prices subject to change.