The trio of women who allegedly trashed a Lower East Side french fry shop because of a $1.75 charge for dipping sauce left behind $25,000 in damages — and terrified staffers, the owner of the business told The Post. Just as bad were the more than 20 people who celebrated the mayhem and did nothing to stop it, said Bel Fries proprietor Annalee Schlossberg. “Not only were [the women] crazy, destructive animals, but everyone just stood by and watched,” the 23-year-old entrepreneur said. “Everyone outside was recording and laughing and cheering on the girls, which is the most disgusting part.” Schlossberg, whose two-year-old eatery is in the heart of the debauchery-filled area nicknamed Hell Square, said she plans on increasing security to keep her employees safe. “I’m thinking I’ll need a bouncer and protective glass across the entire counter so no one can get through,” she said. The furious French fry fiasco unfolded July 3, when Pearl Ozoria, 27, Chitara Plasencia, 25, and Tatiyanna Johnson, 23, were asked to pay $1.75 for extra dipping sauce, staff claims. The women went ballistic, tearing down the plexiglass COVID guard along the counter, ripping out the cash register and hurling glass bottles and stools at the employees, viral video of the episode showed. “I felt so angry because I couldn’t do anything. These are ladies,” said fry cook Rafael Nunez, 38, who captured the insanity on his phone. “I had knives in the shop, but I can’t use those. Recording was the only way to defend myself.” Employee Maria Baez, 33, who needed a staple in her head after being struck by one of the tablet cash registers, said she hasn’t left her house since the incident. She was appalled at the onlookers who appeared to revel in the chaos. “I’m barely five feet tall. I couldn’t defend myself,” she said. “I’ve never felt so cornered and attacked. My coworkers couldn’t jump in otherwise the whole crowd may have come at them.” “I told Annalee I’m still afraid,” she added. “I don’t think I’ll ever be the same.” Police arrived shortly after the blitz ended, and with blood dripping down her head, Baez helped cops identify the alleged attackers. “I never thought this was something that would happen to me,” she said. “I don’t even feel like going to work because as a mother my priority is getting home to my child.” Like Baez, Nunez is frightened to return to work, too. “I’m thinking about sticking around with the job, but I’m worried something like this might happen again,” he said. The three women appeared before Judge Jonathan Svetkey in Manhattan Criminal Court Friday on assault charges. Assistant District Attorney Kelly Moran requested grand jury proceedings for Plasencia and Johnson, and the two are due back in court next month. Ozoria, who allegedly hit an officer while she was being arrested, was held on bail of $5,000 cash or $25,000 bond. Additional reporting by Irie Sentner