Two celebrity stylists were loaned more than $35,000 worth of clothes for Cardi B’s younger sister Hennessey Carolina — but have refused to return or pay for the bulk of the designer duds, a new lawsuit alleges. Stylists Charles Reynolds and Xavier Banks got 52 items of clothing worth $35,306 from luxury fashion retailer Dover Street Market on April 14, saying the garments were “being taken on consignment for the purchase by their client Hennessey Carolina,” according to Manhattan Supreme Court suit filed last week. The stylist duo agreed to either buy or return the garments by April 21 — but instead gave some of the duds to rapper Melody “Mellowrackz” Faith to rock at Coachella, and “personally wore” pieces to the music festival themselves, the filing claims. Faith “has now refused to return the merchandise,” the suit alleges. On April 27 – nearly a week after the clothes were due to be returned – only six of the  items were brought back to the high-end Kips Bay store and four of the pieces were damaged, Dover Street Market claims. To date, the fashion duo still hasn’t returned or paid for the damaged and unreturned 49 pieces totaling $34,331, the suit alleges. “Dover Street Market works with many industry leading stylists on this consignment basis and, regrettably, these stylists abused the privilege,” a spokesperson for the company said in a statement. Faith is not named as a defendant in the lawsuit. The suit also does not name Carolina as a defendant, nor bring any accusations against her. Reynolds said the case does not involve his client Carolina, the 26-year-old sister of “WAP” rapper Cardi B, who has made appearances on VH1’s “Love & Hip Hop: New York.” The stylist claimed he pulled the clothes for Faith — who allegedly took them and never paid for them. “Mellow Rackz is the person that stole the clothes,” Reynolds told The Post, adding that he has retained a lawyer and filed a police report against her. Similarly, Banks claimed, “Mellow Rackz is a thief and she is the reason that this is all happening.” “Mellowracks is truly scamming her way to the top and using whoever she can,” the stylists’ rep said in a statement. “Celebrity stylists, Charles Reynolds and Xavier Banks are her latest victims.” “The celebrity style team has been sued by Dover Street Group for not returning clothes they pulled for Mellowrackz. The rapper who pretended she was going to a room to sort through the clothes and decide what she wanted to wear to Coachella left Banks and Reynolds at the fitting never to return with the clothes,” the statement claimed. The duo’s lawyer Ezra Salami said in May that legal notices sent to Faith and her manager went unanswered and the pair are now planning to sue. A rep for Faith didn’t immediately return a request for comment. A number could not be found for Faith.