An Australian traveler has shared some of the most unusual quirks she found while visiting a US pharmacy. Businesswoman Ali Clarke was in the States this week introducing her brand Bondi Blades into the American market. The mom went shopping at a CVS pharmacy at 10 p.m. and was shocked at some of the things she found. “Today I had my first American pharmacy experience, and let me tell you, it was such an eye-opener,” she said in a TikTok video. “So many cosmetic brands and so many mini samples of things that you can try. “But the thing I found the most strange, was that basic things like hair care and body wash were all locked up. “You would literally have to press a button for customer service to come and help you get these products out.” In the video, Ali panned across an aisle full of shower gels, body lotions, hair products and skin care, which were all locked up inside a glass cabinet. As a spokesperson for Walgreens said in a statement regarding its use of locked glass cabinets that the move was “pretty simple – we lock things up to avoid theft.” Supermarkets in Australia have done similar in recent times, but for more serious reasons. Earlier this year it was reported that a few select Coles and Woolworths stores were locking up deodorant cans to “minimize harm” and “misuse” of the product. The items can be used for “huffing”, which is when aerosol and deodorant cans are purposely inhaled, with the butane causing a short-term but potentially fatal high. Ali also noted another huge difference between Australia and US pharmacies, with CVS stocking large bulk-buy products, as well as ice cream and wine. “They sell super-sized products which we don’t have in Australia,” she said. “It was also weird, they were selling clothing and souvenirs. It’s literally a supermarket as well, they sell ice cream and alcohol. “How good is that! You have to show ID and they let you through a gate. “I literally waited 30 minutes in a queue at 10 p.m. at night, and got wine and tampons.”