Technically, Black Friday is still well over 100 days away. That seems like an impossibly long wait for all the deal-chasers out there. Luckily, you can start celebrating early with Best Buy’s Black Friday in July sale. You’re not alone if you find November’s shopping holidays a bit overrated. Lines winding out the door, hungry shoppers shoving shoulders, shelves that look like an earthquake hit them. Avoid the hassle of the season and get your shopping done early from the safety of your home. With Amazon Prime Day occupying our calendars as well, Best Buy’s Black Friday in July sale will give shoppers a head start on snatching up all the items they’ve been craving with loads of savings. The Black Friday sale will only be live until July 13, and Prime Day will commence on the 12th, so make sure to check back for more details on how and where to find the best deals. We consider this week the Olympics of shopping, so there is no such thing as doing too much prep-work in anticipation of the showdown. Now, what you have all been waiting for. This year’s Black Friday in July sale will offer tons of savings on the season’s latest tech products, including laptops, TVs, headphones, smartphones and more. According to Best Buy, Totaltech members will also have the opportunity to start shopping a day early and have until the 17th to keep grazing the fields of deals. Retire your old interface and upgrade to the smartest TV on the block. With about half the number of buttons compared to a traditional remote, Roku allows you to customize your entertainment selections with one-touch shortcuts to popular channels like Netflix. Access the best selection of free entertainment with 250+ live TV channels, award-winning Roku Originals, in-season shows, and more. Watch all your favorite movies, shows, and games in high definition. Small but mighty, this 19-inch TV has clear images and rich, natural color with an LED flat-screen and 720p HD resolution. Easily pair it with home theater components such as a Blu-ray player, game console, speakers, cable and more. For less than $100, this is the ideal TV for compact spaces. Feel like nobody is listening? Here’s a laptop that takes your voice commands. Chromebook is a computer for the way the modern world works, with thousands of apps, built-in virus protection and cloud backups. It is fast, versatile, secure and up-to-date. Just say “Hey Google” to manage tasks, enjoy your entertainment, get answers and control smart home devices. Perfect for work or play, this laptop has all the tools you need to create and organize your projects. Innovatively engineered to rotate 360 degrees, this laptop has four positions you can pick from. Work in laptop position, watch in reverse position, play in tent position, and write in tablet position. Quickly transfer any file from almost any device to your PC without cables, clouds, thumb drives, or hassle with HP QuickDrop. Try out the toothbrush that teaches you how to brush your teeth. This electric toothbrush holds you accountable with a 2-minute interval timer that indicates when you have completed each quadrant of your mouth and signals when to move on to the next area. Plus, it removes seven times more plaque than a regular manual toothbrush thanks to high-quality bristles and protects your gums with an advanced pressure sensor. Close your eyes and imagine you’re on the water. With patented electromagnetic drag technology, this rowing machine mimics the feeling of rowing on the water while engaging 86% of the muscle groups in your body. Take advantage of on-demand classes from elite athletes, including Olympians and National Team members, while enjoying the scenery from famous waterways worldwide. Relieve some tension with a massage chair that knows your body. This massage chair adjusts to your unique body and curves with a combination of rollers and air pressure. Why pay for weekly massages when you can save on a durable, long-lasting massage chair that allows you to tailor your ideal massage fully? Make lattes like an expert barista with this easy to use espresso machine. With lattes costing up to $7 at your local cafe, this espresso machine will save you money in the long run. Say goodbye to lukewarm lattes with KitchenAid technology that ensures your drinks reach the perfect temperature in less than 45 seconds. Customizable dosing allows you to adjust the milk amount and texture to match your taste and preference. Hit the slopes or dive beneath the surface with a GoPro. The GoPro is a must-have camera for active adventurers, social media vloggers, and photography enthusiasts. The removable rechargeable 1720 mAh battery offers long shooting periods, and the rugged, waterproof design allows flexible use on different terrains. Take it with you wherever you go and capture the events you want to remember. It’s 2022. Background noise is canceled. These ultra-compact earbuds allow you to completely immerse yourself in audio without the distraction of background noise. Plus, with Jabra MultiSensor Voice technology, your voice will sound smoother and clearer than ever, so you will never have to repeat yourself on calls again. Fall in love with the grill of your dreams. If you like your grills bigger, hotter and heavier, this is the one for you. With advanced grilling technology, premium heavy gauge steel builds, and 100% all-natural hardwood pellet fuel, you can throw barbecues all year long. Unlike regular gas grills, the Pitt Boss Navigator allows you to set the temperature to your liking. That’s right — no more burnt patties. Unleash your inner DJ and jam out anytime you want. This portable speaker is perfect for the want-to-be pop star or party post. Plug in a microphone or guitar via the dual inputs in the rear port and enjoy up to 20 hours of battery life on a single charge. You can also control the party from the dance floor with the Sony Music Center app, allowing you to cue the next song, change lighting patterns, sound modes, and more. Avoid your next fender-bender with this rear window camera. Prone to rear-end knocks and bumps? The occasional tailgater? Trouble parking? You don’t need a fancy, new car to access rear-view technology. The 140-degree ultrawide viewing angle enables the recording of details within a large coverage area, and the fully adjustable magnetic mount provides flexible placement. Get an eye in the sky with this all-in-one aerial powerhouse. Dubbed the “ultimate drone for aerial photographers,” this compact, lightweight drone has more features than we can count. Between the high resolution, accurate color reproduction, and a panoramic lens, capturing cinematic videos and images from above won’t be difficult. Smiling is contagious, and you will be doing it much more with this whitening kit. If wine or coffee is starting to stain your teeth, don’t fret. This whitening kit targets every stain and whitens your teeth with a unique, vegan formula. Apply the serum once a day and get a whiter smile in minutes. No battery or recharging required. As one review writes, “Keys check, cell phone check, wallet check, Theragun Mini check!” This pocket-sized portable massage device will become an essential you bring everywhere you go. Enjoy quality deep muscle massages with three different speed settings and a standard ball ideal for overall use on small and large muscle groups. Thank us later. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.