The Florida ice cream maker allegedly linked to a listeria outbreak that has killed two and sickened dozens has refused to issue a recall while officials investigate, according to a report. The Florida Department of Health is leading a probe into the outbreak linked to Big Olaf Creamery of Sarasota, Fla.– and has advised consumers not to eat the 25-year-old, family-run company’s ice cream. The state agency also directed Big Olaf to “suspend sales and production until further notice,” but the company appears to be resisting, agency spokesperson Jeremy Redfern told The Post. “They said they would start contacting their distributors, advising them not to sell the product,” Redfern said. “We expected them to do so, but judging by what we’ve heard reported in the media and what the company has posted on its social media, it looks like they continue to ship and make the product.” Redfern also said the FDOH does not have regulatory authority to stop the company from manufacturing and selling the ice cream, that other state agencies, including the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, are charged with forcing a recall. The agency continues to investigate the matter, he said. “We don’t know for certain that the creamery is responsible for the outbreak, but there is epidemiological evidence pointing to it.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is advising consumers to “throw away any remaining product” as it investigates 22 hospitalizations and one death linked to the brand, according the agency’s website. Big Olaf did not immediately respond to requests for comment. “For now it is only speculation as it is an ongoing investigation, our brand has not been confirmed to be linked to these cases,” the company said in a July 3 Facebook post. “I am not sure why only Big Olaf is being mentioned and targeted,” adding that “nothing has been proven” and that it has been cooperating with state and federal authorities. There are 15 licensed Big Olaf creamerys in Florida and the product is also available in senior homes, restaurants, fairs and supermarkets, according to the company’s website. The family of Mary Billman is suing Big Olaf after she died of listeria 11 days after eating contaminated ice cream and another woman is suing the company alleging that she miscarried her baby as a result of eating the ice cream. All but one of the 23 known victims were hospitalized with severe symptoms, according to government reports. The outbreak began in January and involves residents of 10 states who either live in Florida–where Big Olaf is exclusively sold –  or traveled there in the month they got sick. Fourteen of the 17 people who were interviewed by regulatory agencies reported eating ice cream. Among the 13 who remembered details about the type of ice cream they ate, six reported eating Big Olaf brand or eating ice cream at locations that the company supplies, according to food safety law firm Marler Clark, which is representing the family of Mary Billman. Big Olaf says “every tub” of its ice cream is “hand mixed with the finest ingredients and is then churned in batch freezers by local Amish Craftsmen,” according to its website. “The smooth, creamery consistency comes from two sources: attention to detail, and fresh, high butter fat (14%) milk.”