A few hours before the Mets’ game Friday night, manager Buck Showalter said he wanted “to know what’s going on in Daytona.” Jacob deGrom was going on in Daytona Beach, Fla., and his second rehab start offered more encouragement for the Mets. The two-time Cy Young winner threw three scoreless innings for Single-A St. Lucie on Friday, stretching himself out to 36 pitches, 29 of them strikes. “Felt really good,” deGrom told reporters in Florida. “Coming off the first time in a game, back in a five-day routine, felt really good. Just happy to go out there and be able to get three, complete innings.” DeGrom, who again reached 101 mph with his pitches, according to the Jackie Robinson Stadium radar gun, did allow the first hits to opposing batters since his last major league start, on July 7, 2021. But deGrom struck out six and allowed three hits while walking none against the Daytona Tortugas, a Reds affiliate. DeGrom said he hopes to “be in the big leagues before too long.” “It’s step by step, but I’ve been following the process, how it was laid out and just trying not to do too much,” deGrom said. “Everything feels good.” DeGrom had thrown 24 pitches in his first rehab start with St. Lucie, and he said he bounced back well. Showalter has indicated the Mets will not bring deGrom back to the major league mound until he’s able to throw at least five innings in a minor league start. If deGrom throws two more rehab starts on normal rest, climbing one inning at a time, he could be ready at the earliest for the first series following the All-Star break, from July 22-24, against the Padres. “It’s been, what, a year since I’ve pitched in a Major League Baseball game,” deGrom said, accurately. “I’m definitely ready to be out there.” DeGrom got a step closer to finally joining the recently returned Max Scherzer at the top of the Mets’ rotation. The 1-2 punch could be deadly but has been theoretical thus far for a team that still has risen to the top of the NL East. “[DeGrom has] got a really good track record of being good,” Showalter understated before the Mets hosted the Marlins at Citi Field. “We really look forward to having him back not only as a pitcher but as a part of our team.”