A couple who had to drastically change their marriage plans thanks to COVID-19 lockdowns was finally able to celebrate — with an epic “Back to the Future”-themed wedding. Jordan and Pete Ayriss got married in May 2021 with just their mothers and their registrar. The couple from Ravenswood, Suffolk, in the UK finally got to celebrate their nuptials over a year later in true sci-fi style. Jordan, 33, and Pete, 38, rode up in style to the big event in a replica DeLorean car. “I’ve never seen a DeLorean until our wedding day — never up close, and definitely not sat in one,” said Pete, who works internationally operating drones for the film industry. “It’s got everything in it: time circuits, the switches at the top, even a hoverboard! It was the coolest thing and so special.” Jordan said she had such a high when seeing the replica car for the first time. The pair celebrated with 70 guests at the Manor Room in Christchurch Mansion on June 11. Jordan, who owns the hair salon Elemental Locks in Ipswich, said the day was a whirlwind. They had such a great time at the celebration that Jordan fractured one wrist and sprained the other when the train on her wedding dress came unattached and she fell over. The whole wedding had a “Back to the Future” vibe, and the couple admitted they’ve been planning it “since forever.” “We are huge fans — the ‘Back to the Future’ films are one of the anchors for our relationship,” Pete told SWNS. “It is a completely iconic trilogy and something Jordan and I both bonded on immediately.” Pete shared that the first thing they booked was the DeLorean. “We were like, ‘We’re having the car’ — there wasn’t an option for us not to have it,” he conceded. The venue was decorated to match their theme, which was mainly organized by the couple themselves. “The whole event was ’50s, ’80s, futuristic, with a bit of steampunk and Victorian,” Pete said. “We managed to transform the whole place — covering the hall in glittery curtains, posters, a hoverboard.” The couple even gained inspiration for their decor from the stage show “Back to the Future,” the musical at the Adelphi Theatre in London, including a big clock that they made themselves using foam board, black spray paint and a bedsheet. Pete was even up until 3 the morning of the wedding, finishing decorations. The cake topper was also a nod to “Back to the Future,” with Pete dressed as Doc Brown and Jordan as Clara from the third film on a hoverboard. The wedding cost the couple under 5,000 pounds, or about $6,000. Jordan and Pete think they “definitely achieved an epic wedding for a great cost.” The couple, who met online, have been together for nearly five years and initially bonded over their love for “nerdiness and sci-fi.” Pete shared that his granddad introduced him to “Back to the Future” when he was a kid, and he’s been a fan ever since. “When Jordan and I started speaking and we realized we both mutually adore it, sharing random facts, quoting the films — it was great,” he said. “’Back to the Future’ was the first thing we found we both knew all the words too, all three films,” Jordan shared. “I don’t think I would have met him otherwise. We’re not in any of the same circles. I was able to find exactly what I was looking for.” Pete proposed in 2019 in the comfort of their living room when offering to do Jordan’s nails. He hid the ring in the garage and grabbed it when he went to get potatoes for the couple’s roast dinner, surprising his then-girlfriend. “I thought it was a really great moment, stuffed it in my pocket — the finger on her left hand needed a bit of filing and I said, ‘I have the perfect way to finish that,’” he said. “That’s when I held the ring up, and 20 minutes later when she finished crying she said yes!”