An ESPN reporter is advising people with COVID-19 to beware of chest pains. Jenna Laine, who covers the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for the network, tweeted on Thursday that she experienced chest pains after a mild case of COVID-19, and it was revealed she has pericarditis. Pericarditis is swelling and irritation of a thin sac-like tissue that surrounds the heart. “I’ve been reluctant to post this for a while now for fear people would think I couldn’t do my job and because COVID-19 is such a political lightning rod,” Laine wrote. “But I also believe in transparency and I think helping people takes precedence. I’m sure some of you have noticed I haven’t posted much on here the last few months. It’s been exactly 11 weeks since I tested positive for COVID-19 and since then I’ve been suffering from pericarditis and pericardial effusion. “Crazy thing is … my case of COVID was relatively mild. The worst of it was a really bad headache and fatigue. But I had persistent chest pain that wouldn’t go away and it got so bad that I was actually bed-ridden for several weeks. I’m trying like hell to get myself healthy for training camp (I went for a 20-min walk yesterday with minimal leg cramping) and thank God I’m improving, but I’ll still be on medicine the first few weeks of the regular season.” She continued that she was in excellent physical condition, and that pericarditis diagnoses do not always show up in initial tests. “It is my hope that those reading this will take inventory during and upon recovery from COVID-19 infection, and will talk to your children about how they’re feeling,” Laine wrote. “My hope is also that the NFL and sports leagues from the youth to professional level will provide and/or continue to provide cardiac screening before athletes return to play. I was fully vaccinated and boosted (the vaccine did not cause this for me) and weight trained and did cardio 5-6 days a week. “If it can happen to me, it can happen to anyone. I knew my body well enough to know that something was very wrong. Chest pain should never be ignored. It also often takes multiple tests before pericarditis can be diagnosed as it doesn’t always show up in bloodwork and EKGs. So if you have pain or your child has pain, be persistent. Don’t dismiss these things as anxiety.” Laine encouraged her followers to check in on loved ones who have been diagnosed with COVID-19, and concluded with a vow that she will be at Bucs training camp. “Also let’s be very clear on this…come hell or high water, I will be at training camp. If this heart medication keeps giving me the occasional leg cramps or I’m not ready for the roughly 8,000 steps I take daily for camp, your girl will find a scooter,” she tweeted. “I’ll be there.”