Jerry Harris — who rose to fame on Netflix’s “Cheer” — was sentenced Wednesday to 12 years in federal prison in his child sex chase. According to TMZ, the 22-year-old former cheerleader was in court for his sentencing as friends and supporters read statements before the judge decided his fate. In February, Harris issued a guilty plea in his sex crime case that alleged he solicited sex from teen twin boys at cheerleading competitions. At the time, Harris’ lawyers said that he wanted to “take responsibility for his actions and publicly convey his remorse for the harm he has caused the victims.” Harris faced up to 50 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to one count of receipt of child pornography, and one count of traveling with the intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct. “Jeremiah “Jerry” Harris is exceedingly grateful for Judge Shah’s recognition of his humanity, worthiness, and rehabilitative potential,” Harris’ attorneys said in a statement to The Post on Wednesday. “While Jerry has a difficult road ahead of him, his uncompromising spirit and strength has carried him through challenging times before. He has nothing but empathy and remorse for the people he has harmed and hopes that today’s proceeding provided them some peace.” “Jerry Harris’ guilt has been firmly established,” the Manly, Stewart & Finaldi law firm told The Post on behalf of the victims, twin boys named Charlie and Sam, and their family after the verdict. “The sentence he received reflects the severity of his crimes and the lifetime of pain his victims will suffer. This was made possible because our clients’ mother, Kristen, initially had the courage to report Harris to the FBI and provided evidentiary proof of the manipulation, sexual harassment, abuse, and exploitation that her sons had suffered,” the attorneys’ statement continued. “The US Attorney’s office deserves credit for their diligent and effective prosecution.” The Post has reached out to Harris’ representatives for comment. In September 2020, Harris was arrested and charged with one count of producing child pornography but allegedly admitted to receiving X-rated photos from “at least between 10-15 other individuals he knew were minors,” according to a complaint filed by the US Attorney’s Office in Chicago. The hit Netflix docuseries addressed the allegations during its second season in an episode titled “Jerry,” which included interviews with twins Charlie and Sam, as well as their mother, Kristen. The twins, who are competitive cheerleaders from Texas, said the alleged abuse began when they were around 13 and Harris was 19 — and that it lasted for more than a year. Prosecutors allege that Harris started soliciting photos from one of the boys in late 2018. “Our clients, Charlie and Sam demonstrated tremendous courage in sharing their painful experiences with prosecutors and the public. Their sacrifice will protect children they have never met,” the victims’ attorneys told The Post. Harris was a fan-favorite athlete — known for his bubbly personality and “mat talk” in Season 1 of “Cheer.” His popularity brought endorsement deals, a gig as an Oscars correspondent for “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” and even a chat with then-presidential candidate Joe Biden.