A Brooklyn man, who allegedly stalked Taylor Swift at her Tribeca home and “across multiple states,” was arrested and ordered Saturday to stay away from the singer. Joshua Christian, 35, of Crown Heights, was busted Friday and charged with stalking and criminal trespass, the NYPD said. He went to Swift’s Franklin Street properties in March and last month, police said. “The defendant has not only repeatedly shown up to Ms Swift’s home here in New York but has traveled to her home in Tennessee as well,” a prosecutor contended at Christian’s arraignment Saturday night in Manhattan criminal court. “You’re dead you know. You’re holding her prisoner and I need to set her free,” Christian allegedly said into the intercom of Swift’s Tribeca Franklin Street home on June 12, according to the assistant district attorney. “The people are also investigating an additional incident of stalking and are awaiting video surveillance to confirm the defendant’s identity,” the prosecutor added. Christian allegedly got into 153 Franklin St. through an unlocked door on March 26, and remained there “unlawfully,” police said. The accused stalker fled the property, where Swift owns an $18 million townhouse, after being confronted by security, police said. Judge Eric Schumacher issued a full order of protection for Christian to stay away from the “Shake It Off” songstress, who has a long history of being targeted by stalkers. Schumacher set bail in the case at $1, but sent Christian to jail without bail for fleeing a reckless driving charge in Florida. He is due back in court July 28 in that case. Christian, who was wearing a white shirt, white pants and black shoes and with his long brown hair flowing, began ranting about his Legal Aid lawyer during the proceeding. “I am a Christian scientist,” he yelled. “I don’t desire this individual to represent me. This is the worst miscarriage of justice since the crucifiction of Christ Jesus. I am representing myself.” His lawyer asked for a psychiatric and mental evaluation. Michelle Yang, who works at the Wing Hang Chinese restaurant near Christian’s home, said he was a regular customer who likes lo mein. “He’s pretty quiet. He doesn’t really talk that much,” Yang said. “Usually he’s just out and would walk his dog by himself. It’s pretty bizarre because he was pretty normal, just maybe quiet.” But a man who worked at the Peoples Organic Market and Juice Bar said Christian seemed as if he had “mental problems.” The worker, who gave his name as Mo, said “I ask him a question like if he needs a bag or something and he says ‘I’m over it.’” Additional reporting by Dean Balsamini