If you thought Amazon Prime Day 2022 was the only event this summer to save, think again. Wayfair’s 20th Anniversary Sale is in full swing right now and the deals are pretty hot. For up to 60% off on your favorites, from outdoor patio furniture and storage options to area rugs and major appliances, it’s hard not to pick up those investment-worthy pieces on your wishlist. Whether you’re moving into a new home or simply want to upgrade, now’s the time. We’re mesmerized by the variety of styles — from chic and modern to rustic and farmhouse-glam — that’s bound to suit every customer. In the spirit of celebrating birthdays (which we adore, if our gift guide coverage isn’t proof enough), we hand-picked the 40 best items from the Wayfair Anniversary Sale to add to your cart for a bit of a refresh. Click to jump to specific products for some of the best deals: For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on outdoor furniture here. This eight-person seating set will soon become the go-to entertainment hub for all of your outdoor parties. With zippered cushions (filled with thick cotton) and its stylish charm, you’ll love how it’ll instantaneously revert your space into a resort. You can’t have a poppin’ yard without an Adirondack Chair, right? For a limited time, this one by Three Posts is nearly 30% off, comes in a slew of colors to choose from and will never go out of style. The Williston Forge Anjae Round 4-Person Dining Set is one of the best deals Wayfair has blessed us with, namely because it’s 62% off, doesn’t take up too much space in your backyard and even comes with an umbrella to provide some shade. Hop on this one ASAP. If you have a pool or enough space on your deck, picking up the Sol 72 Outdoor Breton Reclining Chaise Lounge Set is your best bet. Not only does it scream Hamptons, but in two other shades of brown, too, to provide luxe-looking comfort. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on storage and organization here. The Grayleigh Arapahoe Linen Cabinet is, in fact, a linen cabinet — but it’s versatile nature makes it a great storage chest for any room (including your bedroom and home office). What’s more, it’s less than $400 right now and gives off that clean aesthetic we all know and love. Great for your basement, garage or closet, the Honey Can Do Shelving Unit is a great grab for your home to save some space. For nearly 50% off, we think it’s perfect for storing laundry detergent, kitchen gadgets and more. Everyone wants a super organized closet, right? Well, with John Louis Home’s Woodcrest Closet System, it may just be possible. It includes a versatile, open-faced layout design so you can see everything from dress pants to midi dresses — and it’s less than $475 for a limited time. If there’s one thing we don’t like about cabinets, it’s that they can suddenly turn into the black hole of pots, pans and everything in between. Organize your space to the max with Rev-A-Shelf’s 2-Tier Cabinet Pull-Out Wire Basket to adequately store all your day-to-day items for just over $100. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on area rugs here. We’ve never met a more chic rug than the Etta Avenue Faux Sheepskin. It comes in a bunch of colors, is wonderful for a dorm room (with a mini-fridge, while you’re at it) and will provide some texture and oomph to any space. Looking for that eclectic farmhouse vibe? For almost $400, Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse’s Marconi Floral Area Rug makes that happen. It’s neutral with a subtle blue pop, looks wonderful with hardwood flooring and is the perfect mini-carpet to affix right by your sectional sofa. Sometimes, you want to be comfy when you’re cooking up a storm. We found the perfect kitchen rug: Three Posts’ Lapoint Oriental Area Rug, and it’s more than 60% off right now. Plus, its runner comes in a few different sizes and colors. Neutral, lightweight and not too busy, Lark Manor’s Arendstville Area Rug is the picture-perfect style we’re glossing over. It’s almost $400 off, will instantly make your home appear cleaner (even without one of the best Dyson vacuums we reviewed) and is bound to garner many compliments. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on major appliances here. Those hefty household appliances are worth the grab during Wayfair’s Anniversary Sale. GE Appliances has a smart washer and dryer combo on sale for nearly 20% off, boasting built-in WiFi and pre-programmed options. It’s great, and selling quickkk. To combat the summer heat, you can’t go wrong with one of the best air conditioners out there. Black+Decker’s portable model is $100 off right now, doesn’t take up too much space in your home and has easy-to-use electronic controls. Oh, and it’s super quiet when you sleep (a bonus!) There’s nothing like Samsung’s Side-by-Side Smart Refrigerator with the Family Hub. It’s 10% off right now and has a sleek design like no other. If a range is what you’re looking for, Café has one of the best. Its Smart Side-In Electric Range with Convection is 10% off, has more than 1K rave reviews on Wayfair and even has a self-clean mode in case your homemade dinners in your baking dishes splatter. It’s everything, and worth every penny. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on bathroom upgrades here. On a phenomenal discount right now, Sand & Stable’s Jillian Single Bathroom Vanity Set is almost $400 off and adds a simplistic, stylish charm to your space. We love the rustic farmhouse look with the sleek white countertop, especially. If you’re looking for a bathroom vanity that is more on the affordable side, don’t skip Sand & Stable’s Sofia Single Bathroom Vanity Set. For less than $400, we love its small nature, versatile functionality with built-in storage and its clean look. It’s 100% worth the buy. Moen makes some of the best bathroom faucets, and now the brand is on a discount. During Wayfair’s Anniversary Sale, grab its Genta Single Hole Bathroom Faucet for a sleek, durable, years-lasting accessory that won’t let you down. OK, someone out there is looking for a bathtub, and if that’s you, it’s your lucky day. Say ‘yes’ to Vanity Art’s Freestanding Soaking Acrylic Bathtub for more than $400 off its original price. It’s sleek and, when paired with our favorite body lotions and body butters, will help curate that magical self-care experience. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on living room seating here. What’s better than a sofa? A sofa that converts into a bed! Think of Mistana’s Adria Twin Split-Back Convertible Sofa as the futon of your dreams — perfect for having guests over and apt for small spaces. Plus, it’s more than $300 off. We love Kelly Clarkson’s talk show, and we love her Christopher Tufted Oval Cocktail Ottoman just as much (even its name sounds luxurious!) To make your home feel like one Kate Middleton would live in, add this one to your cart ASAP. Available in multiple colors and dubbed our favorite Wayfair accent chair, Willa Arlo Interiors has a wonderfully made Dowdle Tufted Velvet Wingback Chair for just $300 off. It’ll add much to your space, trust us. Now, this living room seating option makes a statement. Pick up Darby Home Co’s Lamm Tufted Two Flared Arms Chaise Lounge for that picturesque lounger everyone will want to snuggle up on. Not to mention, some great throw pillows would look lovely on it. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on lawn and garden decor here. Whether you’re new to gardening or have a certified green thumb, hoisting a trellis in your yard makes a world of difference — and isn’t too difficult to get the hang of. Make your gardening experience easier with Pure Garden’s Growing Up Gardening Steel Arched Trellis that’s 58% off right now. It’s quaint and precious, if we’re being honest. Luckily, Foundstone’s Cavallo Fiberglass Fountain is on sale for less than $400 and is that “different” decor element to spruce up your space. Whether positioned near your planters or by your pool, it’ll make your home feel a notch more glamorous. Looking for a planter under $50? We love Veradek’s Pure Series Plastic Pot Planter for a simplistic, Los Angeles-inspired look that’s bound to draw people to it. Not only that, but it’s durable and looks great with any nursery find. If that traditional, Tuscan-inspired look is what you’re after, we recommend the Lark Manor Singita Lightweight Concrete Urn Planter. Though not on a huge discount, it’s one of the finest Wayfair sale items we found in the catalog — and one that’s on our wishlists. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on bedding here. You can’t beat simple white bedding. Now for just $54 (more than 50% off), House of Hampton’s Dasean Bedding comes in other colors, too, and is the quintessential perfect comforter option you can’t beat. For a subtle, silky pop of color, pick up Kelly Clarkson Home’s Jubilee Pima Cotton 3-Piece Duvet Cover Set. We adore the color, its textured border on the shams and how purely comfortable it looks. For more options, check out our guide to the best duvet covers. Looking for a new mattress but don’t know where to start? Well, Home’s Medium Hybrid Mattress comes in whatever size you’re seeking, is that Goldilocks-perfect hybrid of memory foam and spring and starts at $350 for a limited time. If you want a spare bed sheet set (or, are simply looking to upgrade), we found your match. Ebern Designs’ Andresen Ultra Soft Microfiber Sheet Set is less than $25 right now and all of its pictures makes us want to crawl into bed. Don’t think — just buy. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on small appliances here. No, Breville’s fan-favorite Barista Express Coffee & Espresso Maker wasn’t just on sale during Prime Day. Now, it’s more than $200 off and is on everyone’s radar. If you want restaurant-grade coffee, now’s your chance. Hosting a wonderful discount, Cuisinart’s SmartPower Duet Blender/Food Processor is the definition of knocking out two birds with one stoner — giving you the versatile power to blend delicious smoothies and crush fresh produce right after each other. For less than $100, it’s a snazzy appliance to pick up. Let’s cut to the chase — we reviewed the Vitamix and it’s still one of our favorite kitchen appliances. It’s 100% worth the splurge, namely for its self-cleaning function and ability to crush (and spin!) fresh produce into warm soup. Its aircraft-grade blades are phenomenal, too, and now the trusty essential is $100 off. If an air fryer is on your to-buy list, Emerald’s 4.9 Liter Air Fryer is one to consider. For just $90 (more than 50% off!) its digital LED touch display is easy-to-use and makes cooking customizable, whether you’re popping in chicken breasts or sweet potatoes. For more options, click to visit Wayfair’s page on lighting here. We love Willa Arlo Interiors’ Dever 4-Blade LED Ceiling Fan because it’s part-fan, part-chandelier. In other words, if you don’t know which ceiling fixture to buy, this is heaven-sent, glossy white and picture-perfect. We nearly screamed when we discovered the Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse Neuhaus Pendant on Wayfair’s list of sale items. It’s that on-trend yet timeless piece that matches anyone’s home — and is less than $350 for a limited time. Ideal for any hallway, foyer or bedroom, the Three Posts Glynn 5-Light Unique Drum Chandelier is, well, unique. We love its simple charm, and know you will too (especially for less than $250!) Floor lamps are certainly underrated, especially for this freestanding one from Three Posts. It offers much dimension to your space, has gorgeous pendants and is neutral enough to match with any of your furniture. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.