There’s no-fin to be scared of! Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman took a swim at Nickerson Beach Sunday to prove to residents they don’t need to fear sharks following two recent attacks on Long Island. “Our lifeguards know their business. They are well trained. Our lifeguards will tell you where to swim and not to swim,” he said in a press conference before taking a dip in the Atlantic. Blakeman, a Republican, wore dark blue camouflage swim trunks and a black T-shirt as he swam among some kids during the stunt. “I’m stressing: do not swim in unprotected waters. We have great lifeguards, follow their instructions, follow their lead, and make sure you can see our lifeguards so they can see you,” he said. The pol did tell swimmers to stay away from fisherman when in the water. “The shark chase the fish. They really aren’t interested in human beings. They are interested in fish.” He also recommend looking out for birds in the water because they are known to follow fish — and sharks might be not far behind. “If there are a lot of birds in the water or surrounding the water, that’s probably an area you shouldn’t swim in.” Blakeman took his dip after two lifeguards were bitten by sharks in recent weeks. John Mullins, 17, was attacked about 150 feet offshore of Ocean Beach Thursday while doing a training exercise. He was playing the role of a victim in the exercise when he was bitten on the foot by what officials believe was a 3- to 5-foot tiger sand shark. Smith Point Beach lifeguard Zack Gallo was also pretending to be a victim during a lifeguard training exercise last Sunday when he had to fight off a shark with his bare hands. Gallo told The Post that he suddenly felt a “sharp pinch” in his hand as he was treading water. “That’s when I pulled it to my chest, and survival instinct kicked in,” said Gallo, who has been a lifeguard for 10 years. “I ripped back and just started hammer-punching, and I felt the rubber texture of the head. It felt like the size of a basketball.” He was bit on his hand and chest, but luckily only required a couple of stitches and some bandages. Gallo said he’s not scared to go back in the water and said the shark was likely just “curious” and not trying to eat him. “We are visitors in their world. This was just a curious animal. I have to be out of work for 10 days, but I’m looking forward to getting back into the water.”