President Biden traveled to Massachusetts Wednesday to announce more than $2 billion in environmental spending including subsidies for air conditioning units — as he vowed more executive actions to combat the “climate crisis” with Sen. Joe Manchin blocking a new spending bill. Biden, speaking in front of a former coal power plant that’s being converted to support offshore windmills, said he will unilaterally act as concern about soaring inflation has lead to in gridlock in Congress. “This crisis impacts every aspect of everyday life,” Biden said in a 19-minute speech. “That’s why today I’m making the largest investment ever, $2.3 billion, to help communities across the country build infrastructure that’s designed to withstand the full range of disasters we’ve been seeing up to today — extreme heat, drought, flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes.” The funds will be taken from the FEMA Building Resilient Infrastructure and Communities Program for fiscal year 2022, according to the White House. “Right now there are millions of people suffering from extreme heat at home,” Biden said amid a heat wave impacting parts of Europe and North America. “My team is also working with the states to deploy $385 million right now — for the first time, states will be able to use federal funds to pay for air conditioners in homes where people can get through these extreme heat crises,” he said. Biden made the trip aboard greenhouse-gas-spewing Air Force One as his special presidential envoy for climate, John Kerry, faced charges of hypocrisy after a report said his family’s private jet has emitted more than 300 metric tons of carbon dioxide since he assumed the post last year. Massachusetts Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey joined Biden aboard Air Force One. Markey co-authored the Green New Deal with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY). Biden’s transportation for a short speech included the flight to Warwick, Rhode Island, followed by a gas-guzzling motorcade 25 miles to Brayton Point Power Station in Somerset, Mass., before a return trip to DC. A decoy presidential plane typically makes the trip as well, compounding the carbon dioxide put into the air. In addition, two C-17 military planes that transport Secret Service vehicles flew to Rhode Island a day ahead of the president to ensure proper security precautions were in place. The visit comes as the administration weighs declaring a national climate emergency in a bid to bypass Congress to redirect funds. Biden didn’t commit to making such a declaration during his Wednesday remarks, but vowed, “I’ll use my executive powers to combat the climate crisis in the absence of congressional actions.” The president made the anti-global warming address after returning Saturday from a two-day trip to Saudi Arabia, where he sought greater oil exports to offset high gas prices that are dragging his approval rating as low as 30%. The White House is openly weighing an emergency declaration after Manchin (D-WV) said Friday he will block Biden’s request to pass a pared-down version of the Build Back Better Act, which included $555 billion in environmental spending. Manchin, a former coal industry leader, said he blocked new spending because he’s concerned about inflation hitting a fresh 41-year high of 9.1% in June after massive spending during the COVID-19 pandemic, including Biden’s $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act, which passed last year without Republican support. “It’s not prudent,” said Manchin, effectively killing the plan, which could pass the evenly divided Senate with a bare majority under special budget reconciliation rules. The stalled Build Back Better Act proposed $12,500 rebates for the purchase of electric vehicles, among other initiatives. White House counselor Steve Ricchetti’s brother, Jeff Ricchetti, was paid $280,000 since last year to lobby for General Motors, which produces electric vehicles that have been promoted by Biden. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg and House Republicans on Tuesday clashed over whether it was appropriate to encourage Americans to seek out potentially more expensive electric vehicles amid high gas prices. According to the Kelly Blue Book, the average price of a new electric vehicle as of June was $66,997 — 13.7% more than last year — compared to $26,211 for a new compact car. Electric cars can be bought new for as little as $28,000 depending on the model. It’s unclear what Biden would seek to accomplish by declaring an emergency. Former President Donald Trump declared an emergency in 2019 to redirect about $8 billion toward building a US-Mexico border wall after also meeting congressional gridlock on his proposal. Energy & Environment News pointed to an analysis by University of California at Berkeley law professor Dan Farber that said an emergency would allow a president to suspend oil drilling leases or direct the military to move toward more environmentally friendly projects and use of electric vehicles. Farber said it might also be possible to impose rules to restrict “automobile and truck use to decrease emissions of greenhouse gases” — though it is certain that industry groups or Republican-led states would file lawsuits seeking to halt such policies. Biden is unlikely to try a crackdown on the oil industry. Although he sought to pause new drilling permits while axing new oil pipelines last year, Biden since March has urged companies to pump more petroleum and refine more gasoline as high prices contribute to a collapse in his approval rating, including among core Democratic-leaning groups, such as young adults and Hispanics. The president has outlined ambitious environmental plans in past remarks. He said in April he would “start the process where every vehicle in the United States military — every vehicle is going to be climate-friendly. Every vehicle. No, I mean it. We’re spending billions of dollars to do it.” Biden’s $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure law, signed in November, included $7.5 billion to build a national network of electric vehicle charging stations. The administration is beginning to disburse funds to install charging stations every 50 miles along major highways. That bill also included $5 billion for electric and low-emission buses.