Want a meal kit for every taste but is still affordable? Then let us set your table with EveryPlate. You know we love meal kits and meal delivery services here at The Post — we did try 23 of them firsthand, after all — and so our goal is finding the perfect fit for everyone. EveryPlate does a great job of filling that need, as they are one of the most affordable kits on the market, clocking in at just starting at $4.99 per meal. That is far less than your average fast-casual meal, and obviously much better for you, too. Wait, did we say $4.99? For New York Post readers like yourself, you can get this meal kit for $1.49 per serving, using our exclusive promo code NYPOST149 at checkout. The meal kit company is really simple — just the way they like it. EveryPlate is an easy-to-use meal kit service that allows you to choose up to five meals per week from their weekly menu, for either two or four people. You can browse them all, or filter by type, with options for veggie-lovers, family-friendly selections and easy meals that take 30 minutes or less. Since meals rotate each week, no one will ever leave the table bored. We’re so glad you asked. This meal kit is one of the most affordable kits we’ve found, starting at $4.99 per serving and only $1.49 per serving for New York Post readers with the code NYPOST149. There is also a $9.99 shipping fee, but this only applies once per week, regardless of how many meals you order. Need to skip a week? No problem, as you can also easily skip deliveries or pause your membership, should you be out of town or planning to eat elsewhere for a while. Just be sure to log on to your account and skip up to 5 days before your delivery is scheduled and you won’t be charged. If you are feeling fancy, there are also weekly options to add premium meals to your cart, at a small additional cost. Think recipes with steak, scallops, salmon and more, making for a great weekly treat when coming home to cook dinner. To summarize, EveryPlate is for the everyday person who wants an easy, home-cooked meal without having to break the bank or spend too long in the kitchen. The company sets itself apart by using less packaging and more streamlined menu offerings to keep prices down, while also placing value on your time with easy-to-prepare recipes. “Our goal with EveryPlate is to help consumers put simple, filling and delicious dinners on the table at a comfortable price point for everyone to enjoy,” reads the FAQ page. “We continuously strive to apply small adjustments to packaging and menu options that help us pass the savings onto the customer. These minor changes and tighter scoped menus give more households a way to enjoy great dinners at a price everyone can get behind.” When reviewing this meal delivery option last winter, we also found portions to be generous, despite the price tag, and produce to be exceptionally fresh. It was easy to cook and even easier to eat — really the perfect combination. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.