The Mets’ problematic catching situation got worse Friday night. Tomas Nido suffered a left hand contusion after a cross-up with Max Scherzer and had to leave in the sixth inning of the Mets’ 4-1 loss to the Padres at Citi Field. “We’ll see how he is tomorrow. He’s pretty sore,” manager Buck Showalter said. “Just didn’t feel like he could swing the bat. It wasn’t a good idea [for him to stay in].” The Mets are already without starter James McCann, on the injured list with left oblique strain, his second IL stint this year. Patrick Mazeika replaced Nido, who took a fastball from Scherzer off his left wrist in the second inning and eventually left the game. X-rays were negative. Triple-A Syracuse catcher Nick Dini, meanwhile, was lifted for a pinch-hitter during his minor league game on Friday, most likely as a precaution in case Nido has to go on the IL. The 28-year-old Dini appeared in 20 games for the Royals in 2019 and was on the Mets’ taxi squad earlier this season. The Mets likely will have their two best active starters pitchers ready to go for the upcoming Subway Series. Taijuan Walker said he will start the opener on Tuesday and Scherzer is in line to get the ball in the second game. Walker had his right shoulder and right knee checked out in the last week. “I had thrown a lot of innings, so I just wanted to make sure everything was good heading into the All-Star break,” Walker said. As for Scherzer, he started Friday night and allowed two earned runs over six innings. While Showalter declined to say whether he would start Wednesday against the Yankees, all signs point in that direction. The Mets have Monday and Thursday off, so they can skip David Peterson in the rotation. Showalter said Peterson, who did not pitch Friday, will be available out of the bullpen this weekend. “We’ve got some tentative plans, but we’re going to see how this series goes,” Showalter said. The Mets’ second 2022 first-round pick, Jett Williams, was at Citi Field on Friday. The high school infielder, taken 14th overall, has signed with the team for an under-slot value $3.9 million signing bonus, The Post’s Jon Heyman reported. Williams will head out next week to the team’s minor league complex in Port St. Lucie, Fla., to play in the Florida Complex League(FCL). “Knowing it’s official, I’m glad to be a Met. Can’t wait to get to work,” Williams said. “I think it’s pretty special just being here, just being around everybody.” Williams met with Showalter and members of the team before the game. Travis Blankenhorn, activated to replace the injured Dominic Smith (ankle) on the roster, was the designated hitter and batted eighth. He was hitless in three at-bats with a strikeout. Mark Canha was out of the lineup. In his lone trip to the plate as a pinch-hitter, he grounded out to end the game. … Yoan Lopez was recalled to replace reliever Colin Holderman on the active roster. Holderman was dealt to the Pirates for designated hitter Daniel Vogelbach before the game. … Reliever Trevor May (stress reaction on the lower part of his humerus) will throw at Citi Field on Sunday after he pitched in a simulated game on Thursday. He could begin a rehabilitation assignment next week. … Mets first-base coach Wayne Kirby, who had prostate cancer surgery on Tuesday, was replaced by Rafael Perez on Friday night. Kirby is expected to be away from the team for a few days. … WWE star and RAW women’s champion Bianca Belair threw out the ceremonial first pitch. It was WWE Night at Citi Field.