Now that’s a flex. Mom-to-be Lariss, who is seven months pregnant, regularly posts workout content on her TikTok channel, where she recently posted a video sharing her number one reason for keeping in shape. “I don’t work out while I’m pregnant to be healthy. I work out while I’m pregnant so when I give birth, I can be the hottest MILF walking down the street going to get my morning coffee, looking all cute, pushing my stroller,” Lariss says in the video posted Wednesday. “And then when I walk by people looking all snatched and fit and hot, they’re like, ‘Damn, I hope I look like her when I’m a mom,’ ” she adds. “But yeah, I also work out because it’s good for me and the baby.” While some of Larriss’ followers applauded her for continuing to exercise during her pregnancy, others were concerned she might be putting her baby at risk. “girl I don’t think u should lift weight while u r pregnant heavy lifting can cause premature birth n low birth weight ,” wrote human_being. “Girll thats not god for the baby,” wrote ._.. Lariss was quick to respond to her critics by posting another video shortly after where she explains: “My body is used to weight training and I listen to my body. If it’s tired, I rest, if I have energy, I use it. And all the comments telling me not to weight train – are you my doctor?” According to the Mayo Clinic, it’s perfectly healthy for most women to exercise during pregnancy, though if women have questions about what exercises are healthy for them, they should consult a professional. “For most pregnant women, at least 30 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise is recommended on most, if not all, days of the week,” says the Mayo Clinic on its website. “Walking is a great exercise for beginners. It provides moderate aerobic conditioning with minimal stress on your joints. Other good choices include swimming, low-impact aerobics and cycling on a stationary bike. Strength training is OK, too, as long as you stick to relatively low weights.” Lariss isn’t the first fitness influencer to be shamed for lifting weights during pregnancy. Last year, social media users pressed trainer Yanyah Milutinović with hateful comments after she posted a video of herself squatting with a 315-pound weight on her back.