The Yankees were bound to lose their share of series in 2022, even if it hadn’t happened very often through the first half of the season. But dropping two of three to one of the worst teams in baseball? That’s what came to fruition on Thursday night in The Bronx, when the Reds beat up on the Yankees bullpen to secure a 7-6, 10-inning win and clinch the stunning series victory. It was the second extra-inning affair of the three-game set: the Yankees pulled out a 10-inning win Wednesday on a pair of wild pitches, after Clay Holmes’ ninth-inning meltdown allowed the Reds to steal the opener. Cincinnati arrived in The Bronx with the third-worst record in MLB. On Thursday, the Reds (34-55) got to Jonathan Loaisiga — making his return to the Yankees after seven-plus weeks on the injured list with right shoulder inflammation — for four hits and three runs in the eighth inning, to break a 1-1 tie. Then, after the Yankees (62-27) stormed back to tie the score in the bottom of the inning, Lucas Luetge was tagged for three more runs in the top of the 10th on a pair of doubles and a single. There was, of course, more drama in the bottom of the 10th, when Matt Carpenter crushed a two-run homer to get the Yankees within 7-6. After Joey Gallo drew a one-out walk, Isiah Kiner-Falefa singled up the middle with two outs. But DJ LeMahieu came up next and hit a bullet to center field that landed in the glove of Nick Senzel. LeMahieu left seven men on base in his final three at-bats of the game. With the Yankees trailing 4-1 in the bottom of the eighth, they pounced on the Reds bullpen. Aaron Judge led off by crushing his 31st home run of the season. Then with two outs, Gleyber Torres cranked a two-run homer to tie the score 4-4. The Yankees went on to load the bases on two walks and a hit-by-pitch, but LeMahieu struck out to end the threat. All-Stars Luis Castillo and Nestor Cortes were locked into a pitcher’s duel, with each tossing seven strong innings of one-run ball. Castillo, one of the top two starters expected to be traded before the Aug. 2 deadline (perhaps even to The Bronx, with the Yankees suddenly having a hole in their rotation after Luis Severino went on the IL on Thursday), did not allow a hit through 5 ¹/₃ innings. The right-hander thrived on the big stage, allowing just two hits and four walks while striking out eight. It was also a quality bounce-back effort for Cortes, who was tagged for four runs in 3 ²/₃ innings last Friday in Boston. Thursday marked the left-hander’s longest outing since June 2, as he gave up four hits and one walk with four strikeouts. Carpenter, starting his fourth game in the outfield this season (and first at Yankee Stadium), made a fine leaping catch into the right-field wall to rob Donovan Solano of extra bases in the second inning. Three innings later, though, Carpenter showed his inexperience at the position. With the bases loaded and one out, Brandon Drury hit a fly ball to right. Carpenter caught it with a chance to throw Senzel, who had tagged up, out at the plate, but his first look was toward third base before he seemed to realize the mistake and threw late to home. Anthony Rizzo broke up Castillo’s no-hit bid with one out in the sixth inning, drilling a double to right field. That put runners on second and third after Judge had drawn a one-out walk. Then, with the infield in, Giancarlo Stanton hit a hard ground ball to second base Jonathan India bobbled the ball, allowing Judge to score easily from third to tie the score 1-1.