The GOAT had some options. Before Tom Brady signed a monster 10-year, $375 million to be the lead NFL commentator for Fox Sports after he retired, he also drew interest from ESPN. Brady confirmed this news in a new interview with Variety, months after it was reported by The Post’s Andrew Marchand in May. When asked if ESPN tried to hire him, Brady answered, “Yeah, at different times. There were a lot of different opportunities I was approached with.” He also elaborated on his decision to take the job with Fox. “They approached me after the season. And there’s a lot of history that I have with Fox. I spoke with their executives, and I really had to evaluate if that’s what I wanted to commit to,” Brady said. “I have a very unique perspective on football and how it should be played, and what good plays look like and what bad plays look like. I feel like I can still have a great impact on the game. I could stay in the game, doing what I love to do, talking about this incredible sport.” At first, the seven-time Super Bowl champion told them thanks, but no thanks. “Initially, I told them I didn’t want to do it,” Brady explained. “There was a lot of different emotions. I couldn’t make the decision from the place where I needed to be. For the first time, I was a free agent in life. It’s different than being a free agent in football when one of 31 teams can come after you. I had lots of different people say, ‘You’re free now; we’d love to have you involved in’ — different parts of football, broadcasting, business, and finance.” Brady, who turns 45 next month, will also serve as a brand ambassador for Fox, lending his influence to various marketing campaigns and potentially helping close massive ad sales deals. When Brady slides into the booth at Fox, he’ll work alongside Kevin Burkhardt. Burkhardt, along with former NFL tight end Greg Olsen, will be Fox’s top team this season following the departures of longtime commentators Joe Buck and Troy Aikman to ESPN for its “Monday Night Football” package. Buck said in a new interview with Meadowlark Media that the possibility of Brady joining the network was “floated” to him before he switched jobs. “They floated that to me before I left, and I didn’t think it was completely realistic,” Buck said of the Brady signing, which likely was not yet official when he made his own decision. “I’m still not 100 percent sure.” “Then it becomes a job,” he continued. “There are a lot of people who have just been phenomenal players, wonderful people, smart, can talk — and then you just have to see. I expect him to be great because he’s great at everything.” Buck wasn’t sure when Brady will actually retire — neither is Brady, as he told Variety — and decided to stick with his known partner in Aikman. Plus, he now gets to work alongside his wife, Michelle Beisner-Buck, at ESPN. Brady is now gearing up for his 23rd NFL season and his third with the Buccaneers following a short-lived retirement earlier this year.