Golf has perhaps never gone through a period of time more tumultuous with so many unknowns lurking as it’s enduring at the moment. The uncertainty that the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series has brought into the equation with the PGA Tour and DP World Tour has caused a disconcerting division among the some of the best players in the world and has the sport seeming as if it’s spinning off its axis. That will change this week (if only for this week), when the 150th British Open is played at the “Home of Golf.’’ If anything can, an Open Championship played around the Old Course at St. Andrews will place the sport squarely back on its axis — at least until a winner has hoisted the Claret Jug on Sunday. If there ever has been a place to bring golf back to a state of normalcy, it will be this week at St. Andrews — where Tiger Woods, who has won twice on its fabled grounds (2000 and 2005), will tee it up again, possibly for the final time as a competitor on the Old Course. In addition to Woods playing for the first time since he withdrew after the third round of the PGA Championship in May, LIV Golf stars, such as Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChambeau, will be in the field as well. They have not been banned by the R&A as they have been by the PGA Tour. The setting of St. Andrews makes for the perfect bonding element, the perfect backdrop based on its rich history. “I don’t think there’s any higher honor in golf than to be able to win an Open Championship at St. Andrews,’’ Jon Rahm said. “No matter what edition it is, I think it’s going to be a very special one for all of us.’’ This Open Championship will be a particularly special one because it’ll be the first since 2019 with a full house of spectators and media. The 2020 Open was canceled because of COVID-19 and the tournament last year was muted, with small amounts of spectators allowed on the grounds because COVID was still a threat. The town of St. Andrews, which envelops the Old Course, is going to be buzzing. “Me being defending champion, 150th Open, at St. Andrews, Tiger Woods is playing again,’’ said Collin Morikawa, last year’s Open champion at Royal St. Georges, “I mean, does it get better than that? It’s tough to beat that.’’ Scottie Scheffler, the reigning Masters champion and the No. 1-ranked player in the world, will be playing St. Andrews for the first time. “Just to play in The Open is really special and to have an Open at St. Andrews, the Home of Golf, will be really special,’’ Scheffler said. “I’m looking forward to the challenge.’’ Rahm, who had the No. 1 ranking wrested away from him by Scheffler earlier this year, said he had never played St. Andrews until 2018 and recalled being “very, very, very excited’’ to see it for the first time after watching many videos and highlights of it over the years. “It was only when I got to play it to where I understood a lot of the videos I had seen and a lot of the comments I had heard,’’ Rahm said. “Being aware of where you are, that first tee and what it is, and what it represents, I’ve been aware of it my whole life. Being able to experience it in person is very different, and to be able to do it in an Open I bet is going to be a lot more impactful.’’ The most recent major champion is Matthew Fitzpatrick, who’s fresh off his U.S. Open victory last month at The Country Club — one of the most historic courses in America. He said that victory “hasn’t really sunk in yet.’’ As for the controversy of the LIV Golf threat to the PGA and DP tours, the focus has shifted back to the actual golf this week. “At the moment, there is disruption, there’s no doubt about it,’’ three-time major winner and former European Ryder Cup captain Padraig Harrington said this past week. “But disruption is not bad at times. It looks at the moment like the PGA Tour have strengthened their position and European Tour are strengthening their position. “I feel there is plenty of room, and time will tell and show it up. I think we’ll be surprised in a couple years’ time how everything sort of finds its place.’’ For this week, the only place in golf that matters is the Old Course at St. Andrews.