After a limited Thursday slate. Major League Baseball is back Friday a near-full slate. For expert bettors, though, they’re targeting three specific games. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report sees three underdogs trigger at least three of the above recommendations, including one that triggers all five. Without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. The Cardinals lead the season series 6-2, but experts are targeting the Reds as home underdogs. We’ve seen big money support for Cincinnati in the early betting waves. As of this writing, the Reds have seen only 16 percent of all bets against 41 percent of the total handle. Further, there’s a model projection edge with this contest. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the Reds should only be a +114 underdog to the Cardinals. For reference, the current top price available on the Reds is +140. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Reds, giving them three total signals in their direction. Cincinnati Reds Moneyline (+138) — Fanduel Sportsbook The Yankees have dominated the Orioles this season — a 9-4 advantage in the season series — but experts are once again backing the home dog. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Orioles moneyline, which opened around +146 but has ticked down to +140. Additionally, big money support is flowing in for the Orioles as well — as of this writing, Baltimore has received 19 percent of all bets against 41 percent of the total handle. Further, there’s one Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public — that triggers the Orioles. That system, which looks for divisional underdogs receiving less than 29 percent of all bets, has a 45 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. The model edge signal also applies here as Action Network MLB power ratings make the Orioles a +115 underdog to the Yankees. Finally, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the O’s, triggering all five signals in Baltimore’s direction. Baltimore Orioles Moneyline (+135) — BetMGM  The Guardians arrive in Chicago leading the season series and experts believe they dispatch the White Sox again tonight. We’ve seen sharp action hitting the Guardians moneyline, which opened at a +142 consensus price but has since ticked down to around +135. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the Guardians as well — as of this writing, Cleveland has seen 46 percent of all bets against 65 percent of the total handle. Further, there’s yet another model edge with this matchup. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, Cleveland should only be a +108 underdog to the White Sox. Lastly, two MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Guardians to trigger four signals in their direction. Cleveland Guardians Moneyline (+130) — Caesars Sportsbook