Another one fights the dust. The self-proclaimed “Queen of Clean” Lynsey Crombie revealed how to determine when pillows need replacing to her 275,000 followers. In an Instagram clip with over 2,000 likes, the cleaning expert demonstrated several ways to test the long-lasting quality of your bed cushions. While pillows should be washed often, they can become a host site for dust, mites and bacteria — all of which can contribute to allergies. One method showed Crombie laying her pillow flat on her bed and folding it in half for 30 seconds. If it springs back into a flat shape, the pillow is fine to keep. Next, she tried the saddle test. This method requires putting a pillow over an arm. If it flops, then the pillow needs to be tossed. “Do you ever test your pillows?” she asked in her caption. “Pillows should be replaced every one to two years as they harbor dirt, dust, bacteria and skin cells. ALSO DID you know that they can actually double in weight! YUK!” she exclaimed. Some viewers were skeptical of the tip while others were ready to try it at home. “Throw it away?! Not the best thing for the environment,” one noted. If they don’t pass the test, the social media influencer suggested donating your old pillows to dog shelters. “Does this test work the same for feather pillows?” another person asked. “I understand what [you’re] saying but I love my saggy pillow I can’t sleep on a firm one,” someone else added. A fan chimed in: “Now this is something I’m a tad obsessed about. I buy new very often.” In another recent cleaning hack video, Crombie divulged how to get rid of grass stains out of one’s clothes. “Grass stains are one of the easiest stains to remove,” she explained, noting that in order to remove the dirt, all you need is white toothpaste from your bathroom. Crombie pointed out that one has to “vigorously scrub” into the stain by using a soft bristle brush and leave the toothpaste on the area for about 15 minutes. Then rinse using cold water and wash the clothing item as one normally would.