She gives a hoot about plus-size representation. A body positivity advocate is calling for Hooters to hire curvier waitresses amid accusations that the racy restaurant prefers slimmer servers to sling wings. The influencer, known only as Olivia on social media, recently took to Instagram to share photos of herself clad in a Hooters crop top and matching orange hot pants, while eating the company’s signature dish: hot wings. But the busty redhead isn’t employed by the franchise — she ordered the outfit on Amazon. In her caption, Olivia urged the sports pub franchise to be more inclusive in their hiring. “I’d love to see more plus-size Hooters girls,” she wrote, though it’s unclear whether she herself was looking for a role at the restaurant. The stunner’s provocative post garnered more than 9,000 likes, with many fans similarly saying they’re down for more diversity at the dine-in eateries. “One could only dream of a Hooters woman like you!” cooed one who commented on Instagram, while a second enthused, “Best I’ve ever seen a Hooters outfit look!” “If only … I’d never leave that restaurant,” another randy fan swooned. Meanwhile, another follower urged the corporate office to open up a special “Hooters XL” establishment for patrons who prefer plus-size servers. The Post has reached out to the company for comment on what qualities they look for in a “Hooters Girl.” Olivia’s plea comes after another plus-size influencer and her pals dressed up as Hooters servers last Halloween — sparking debate over whether the chain should hire heavier women. “My girls and I wanted to make a statement with our Halloween look,” influencer Chynna Turner told The Post at the time. “Hooters typically discriminates against bigger women, but I figured showing up and showing out in the Hooters uniform would help spread the message that you don’t have to be a size 2 to do you in a sexy and confident way,” she declared. Turner posted her Halloween outfit to Instagram, with the snap showing her posing alongside her pals. It received a largely positive response, with many saying they’d love to see many more self-confident women strutting their stuff at a Hooters.