Jacob deGrom’s next stop, barring a physical setback in the coming days, will be a return to the Mets rotation. Though the Mets ace was roughed up in a minor league rehab start Wednesday at Triple-A Syracuse, manager Buck Showalter later indicated deGrom was fine physically and is likely ready to help the major league team. “The plan right now if everything progresses well is to pitch for us next time,” Showalter said Wednesday before the Subway Series continued at Citi Field. “But that could change by what we hear [Thursday] or the next day. That is the plan right now, but we’ll see and see where we slot that out if that is the case.” The Mets are scheduled to open a three-game series Monday in Washington. Even if team officials opt to give deGrom extra rest, in all likelihood he would start one of the three games. DeGrom, who is returning from a stress reaction on his right scapula, hasn’t pitched for the Mets in the regular season since July 7 of last year. DeGrom extended to 67 pitches at Syracuse and allowed four earned runs on two hits (both were homers) with three walks and six strikeouts over four innings. He finished strong, retiring the final seven batters he faced, and reports indicated his fastball sat in the 95-98 mph range. Showalter said deGrom’s final line was not a concern. “After we get our arms around how he feels physically I can elaborate a little bit more I think where some of that came from,” Showalter said. “He’s fine physically. His arm felt good and he felt good with all the things we would be concerned about from the injury he had. None of that was there, so his arm felt really good.” DeGrom threw 60 pitches in a simulated game in Port St. Lucie last week during the All-Star break, after which team officials decided he could benefit from another minor league rehab start. The simulated game was delayed two days because of muscle soreness deGrom incurred following a previous start for Syracuse. The Mets are on the clock to activate deGrom, as rehabbing pitchers are allowed 30 days to return. DeGrom’s first rehab appearance came on July 3, meaning the Mets have until Tuesday to reinstate him. Otherwise, the team would have to shut him down for a stretch before restarting his rehab clock. Showalter said he isn’t sure what to expect from the two-time Cy Young award winner, who appeared in only two spring training games before he was shut down from throwing. DeGrom had a 1.08 ERA in 15 starts last season before arm soreness kept him from pitching in the second half. “I got to see him pitch from the dugout for the team I was a part of in the spring and that was the first time I really got to see what everybody was talking about,” Showalter said. “Ask me [what to expect] in a week or so, I don’t know, but when you pitch at the level he has pitched at, I don’t know. I can’t sit here and say that I know, but it’s going to be fun to find out. I hope it’s fun. “I’ll be OK to move on to another subject matter and more than anybody I think that Jake will like that. The thought to come in after a game and just talk about his outing, it’s pretty attractive right now, I think for all of us.”