Is Harry Styles’ hairstyle losing its edge? Some fans on social media are convinced that the 28-year-old pop star with luscious, wavy brown locks could be wearing a wig. The conspiracy theory started when an anonymous source told the celebrity gossip Instagram account Deuxmoi that “an A-list musician / occasional actor has a dirty little secret he hasn’t shared with fans. Literally! He has gone almost completely bald. “His hairpiece is so lifelike that only a good eye could pick it out, and that’s on a bad day. However! He doesn’t take it off,” they added. Keep in mind that Deuxmoi has posted false celebrity accusations in the past and the source in the Styles tip did not name him specifically. Still, TikTok user Abbi Henry was the first to discuss the theory on the platform. Her post, captioned “JUSTICE FOR BALDARRY, has 4 million views. “I’m not saying that it’s Harry,” she said of the rumor, “but I am saying that he did say when he goes out in public and doesn’t want to be spotted, it’s really easy to do. And if he were bald, it would be, in fact, very easy to do.” This prompted fans to dig through their “Love on Tour” footage for any photographic evidence. And based on their findings, the verdict may remain up in the hair. There’s a still of the “Golden” boy mid-jump where the front of his hair is lifted like a toupee would. Another clip shows Styles from the back, seemingly lifting his hair off the back of his neck. A throwback clip from 2014 resurfaced featuring late-night host Jimmy Kimmel as he goaded the members of One Direction to admit which of them would be first to go bald — and its Styles who sheepishly took the title. Now, some fans are hairy afraid that his hairline may be receding, but there is another side of TikTok that insists hair isn’t “What Makes You Beautiful.” They know it can’t always be the same “As It Was” and are begging to see Styles’ new look. “If I find out we’re being robbed of bald Harry era, I’m gonna throw hands,” demanded Henry. The Post has reached out to a rep for Styles for comment — and hair care tips.