It’s a sad day for people who enjoy eating ice cream in taco form. Klondike has discounted its iconic Choco Taco — a waffle cone shaped like a tortilla, filled with vanilla ice cream and topped with various chocolate goodies and nuts. The ice cream giant responded to a disappointed Twitter user who heard the social media rumors that the item would be laid to rest. “Unfortunately, the Choco Taco has been discontinued in both 1ct and 4ct packs,” Klondike confirmed Monday. “A necessary but unfortunate part of this process is that we sometimes must discontinue products, even a beloved item like Choco Taco,” they told another unhappy fan in a separate tweet. “We know this may be very disappointing, and hope you’ll try our other delicious frozen treats,” it offered, linking to Klondike’s website. “WHAT… just WHAT are you thinking DISCONTINUING THE CHOCOTACO,” another fan begged to know. “Over the past 2 years, we have experienced an unprecedented spike in demand across our portfolio and have had to make very tough decisions to ensure availability of our full portfolio nationwide,” Klondike replied. But don’t give up all hope yet. The brand continued responding to the bad news on Twitter, saying that Choco Taco could return in the future. “We know Choco Taco is a huge fan favorite and a top seller for our out-of-home business, so this is particularly painful,” they wrote. “We’re working hard to find a way to bring Choco Taco back to ice cream trucks in the coming years.” Still, Twitter is having a hard time with the loss of their beloved item. “Dear @Unilever — I’d like to buy the rights to your Choco Taco and keep it from melting away from future generations’ childhoods,” one fan said. “Why, the Choco Taco was perfection,” another pleaded. “This is just another boneheaded corporate move that has nothing to do with a process.” “The America we know and love is falling apart,” another stated. “First the Mexican Pizza, now the Choco Taco,” a fan of the Dolly Parton-favored Taco Bell menu item frowned. Actually, there was a time that Taco Bell sold the Choco Taco, too. However, the fast food joint dropped it from its menu in 2015. Several Taco Bell locations sold the treat for a brief moment in February in honor of Klondike’s 100th anniversary. Jack and Jill Ice Cream employee Alan Drazen created the idea of the Choco Taco in 1983, NPR reported. They distributed the item only to ice cream trucks until 1993, before the company was bought by Unilever. The branding switched from Jack & Jill to Klondike, and the legend as we know it was born. The Post has reached out to Klondike for comment.