“Party’s [not] here!” It looks like the would-be roommates of “Jersey Shore 2.0” missed out on the summer of a lifetime in this Atlantic City mansion. After the OG cast of the iconic MTV show squawked that a reboot would “exploit” them, producers still booked this four-story, 4,000-square-foot home just steps away from AC’s boardwalk and bars to accommodate who they hoped would be the next generation of Snookies and JWowws. Listed on Airbnb for $1,138 a night, the new address has the same kind of wood paneling as the famous Seaside Heights house did, but with a more modern, neutral decor. There’s even a 10-seat dining table where the newbies could have carried on the original cast’s Sunday night family dinners. The amateur GTLers wouldn’t have asked “Where’s the beach?” because it’s visible from the house’s multiple decks. They would have also been able to pick from eight different bedrooms and 13 different beds, although one would likely become the “smush room.” There isn’t a duck phone or stripper pole in the middle of the living room, but producers would have likely added kooky memorabilia. According to the house rules on the rental listing, parties or events are not allowed, which would have had to be renegotiated with the superhost prior to the arrival of “Shore 2.0.” TMZ captured crews removing all the camera and lighting equipment set up inside the house on July 13 after reporting that production of the show was “paused.” While the official reason has yet to be made public, one could be that the original cast — many of whom still film for “Jersey Shore: Family Vacation” — released a joint statement in May bashing the idea of a new crew mooching off of their success. “As a cast that took a chance with a network in need, we put our most vulnerable moments on television for the world to see,” read their statement, published with the hashtag #WeAreJerseyShore. “We gave our all over the past 13 years, became a family and continue to open our lives to the world,” the OG cast’s note continued. “So please understand that we are not in support of a version that will exploit our original show, our hard work, and authenticity to gain viewers.” However, one source alleged to TMZ that the new show’s details were “being worked out.” The tanned partiers-turned-celebrities launched their careers in 2009 with the premiere of “Jersey Shore,” which ran through 2012. 