The Mets have found a pair of lefties whom they hope can help. The Mets traded for lefty-hitting outfielder Tyler Naquin and southpaw Phillip Diehl from the Reds on Thursday night. Heading to Cincinnati are a pair of minor league prospects in righty Jose Acuna and outfielder Hector Rodriguez. Naquin, a 31-year-old corner outfielder, is the more significant addition. Like the recently acquired Daniel Vogelbach, Naquin does his most damage against righty pitchers, against whom he has posted an .805 OPS with five home runs in 144 at-bats this season. Naquin, who makes just over $4 million this season, will be a free agent after the year. He could platoon with righty-hitting left fielder Mark Canha — who also could move over to spell Brandon Nimmo at times in center — and may replace fourth outfielder Travis Jankowski, who is a good defensive replacement and base runner but offers little offensively. With Naquin in the fold, the Mets can more regularly keep Jeff McNeil at second base rather than shifting him to left and should have another lefty bat off the bench. The Mets have been the worst pinch-hitting team in baseball, going 5-for-43 (.116) with two doubles and five walks. Dominic Smith, who has batted .250 in such situations, is the only Mets player hitting above .170 as a pinch hitter. Adding Naquin, a pro in his seventh season with a history of being a roughly league-average hitter but above-average against righties, should improve the club’s depth. Diehl is a 28-year-old former Yankees prospect with 19 career major league innings. He has spent the majority of this season with the Reds’ Triple-A affiliate, where he pitched to a 4.24 ERA in 25 games out of the bullpen. In 5 ²/₃ major league innings this season, he has allowed seven runs. The Mets only have Joely Rodriguez (5.93 ERA) and David Peterson (who has been a starter most of this year) as lefties right now in their bullpen and have been (and likely still are) searching for help. Acuna is a 19-year-old who recently was promoted from Rookie League to Low-A St. Lucie, sporting a 2.67 ERA in 33 ²/₃ combined innings this season. Rodriguez, 18, also made his full-season ball debut at St. Lucie this season. In 26 games in Rookie Ball this season, he has hit .356. To clear a 40-man roster spot, righty R.J. Alvarez was designated for assignment.