The issue: Miranda Devine’s column on Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s response to a heckler. Thank you to Miranda Devine for a factual column regarding Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (“Only 1 NYer AOC fights for: herself,” July 18). Since the day she was elected, her one priority continues to be daily media attention. Her social-media antics are an embarrassment. She lives by the philosophy: “Do as I say, not as I do.” The real question is: What has she accomplished for her constituents? The answer is: absolutely nothing. With this being said, why would the district’s voters continue to support this child in adult clothing? Don Kasprzak Plattsburgh Devine’s piece was the perfect description of the narcissistic, self-aggrandizing child that AOC is. Her hyperbolic reaction to the obnoxious comments of Alex Stein was typical of how thin-skinned she is. Her tirade against the Capitol police afterward was absurd. AOC is a great example of style over substance. She fancies herself as this national leader, but when was the last time she sponsored any kind of significant legislation? Her district is ravaged by crime, but when was the last time she walked the streets of her district and spoke to her constituents? She’s too important for that. After all, she’s a national figure, and they’re just common folks. The fact is that AOC represents everything wrong with our politicians. She’s a phony and a disgrace. Period. Robert DiNardo Farmingdale Where is AOC now with all this crime in her beloved city? She has nothing to say about the migrant deaths at the border? No tears to shed? She is the worst kind of politician — one who is more interested in fighting for her own agenda than for the needs of her constituents. Yet the media keeps giving her attention, and the sheep keep voting for her. What has she done? Rob Cerone Manhattan While I admit that what alleged “comedian” Alex Stein said was rude and crude, it wasn’t nearly as bad as having someone come to your house to murder you, as someone allegedly did to Justice Brett Kavanaugh. With AOC’s beauty, charisma and following, she could really bring about change to this country. But alas, she’s only interested in herself and her social-media clicks. Hopefully, after the midterm elections, she will be just an afterthought and a pain in the butt to the Republican in charge. Charlie Honadel Venice, Fla. The issue: Transgender swimmer Lia Thomas being nominated for the NCAA’s Woman of the Year Award. Just when I thought our country couldn’t get any more stupid, crazy and senseless, we are now nominating people for awards they don’t deserve (“Gal of the Year?” July 18). Lia Thomas is an extremely talented swimmer but should not be competing with females. Bunny Abraham Manhattan Should transgender athletes be allowed to compete in sports? It’s a difficult subject, to be sure. The majority of such cases tend to be male-at-birth athletes now competing as females. There is a lot that can be done to balance the playing field in terms of testosterone levels, but there is no denying that a male-born athlete has a higher center of gravity, generally has a higher bone density and a higher maximum power output, and these attributes create an imbalance in many forms of physical competition. For the integrity of the sports and the accompanying accolades granted, transgender athletes need to compete separately. Robert Mruczek Brooklyn Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.