New Panthers quarterback Baker Mayfield didn’t sugarcoat his thoughts about facing his former Browns team in Week 1. “I’m not going to sit here and be a robot and tell you that’s not one I’ve marked on the calendar already,” Mayfield told Panthers.com while discussing the Sept. 11 game, in which Carolina will host Cleveland. “One, that’s not who I am. To me, it’s about winning games,” Mayfield said after Cleveland dealt him to the Panthers for a conditional 2024 fifth-round pick. “Whoever we have marked on the schedule, I’m going to try to win. Obviously, this one has a little more history and personal meaning, but for me, it’s about winning and setting the tone for the rest of the year, and however I can help this team do that, I’m going to do.” When asked if he is the type of person who holds grudges, Mayfield smiled and said, “I try not to.” The quarterback requested a trade out of Cleveland in March after he felt “disrespected” over the team’s surprise push to acquire his replacement in Deshaun Watson — who currently faces a possible suspension over multiple sexual assault allegations against him. The Browns signed the former Texans quarterback to a five-year, fully guaranteed $230 million contract amid his ongoing legal situation. Mayfield — who was selected first overall by the Browns in the 2018 NFL Draft — called the turn of events “pretty unexpected” and “surprising” in his first press conference as a Panther on Tuesday. “If I’m focused on the past I’m not doing my job being a Carolina Panther,” Mayfield said, noting that he has no animosity towards his former team. “I’m grateful for my time there [in Cleveland]. Shocked — I’d say is pretty much the only way to describe it. You roll with the punches and you gotta move forward. This is a test of adversity and how I’m going to handle it and how I’m going to move forward and be the best teammate possible with our new home and I’m looking forward to it.” Mayfield is now focused on learning the Panthers’ playbook to prepare for an “open competition” with Sam Darnold for the starting job in Carolina. The quarterbacks spoke prior to the introductory press conference on Tuesday, and Mayfield assured there is no “awkwardness” between him and Darnold, who he called “a great guy.” Mayfield also said there will be no drama permeating throughout the team in terms of a competition with Darnold. The quarterback — who is slated to be a free agent at the end of the season – took roughly a $3 million pay-cut in the deal that sent him to Carolina. “My intention is to become the best quarterback I can be and help this team win and that’s why I’m happy to be in Carolina,” he said. “I feel like the team is very close to being really good. We just have to put the pieces together and come together as a team, and however that happens, I’m going to do my job and fill whatever role is to be expected of me and be a great leader and a great teammate.”