Ana de Armas looks just like the legendary Marilyn Monroe in new pictures from the set of the upcoming biopic “Blonde.” The 34-year-old, naturally brunette Cuban actress posted glimpses of her transformation on Instagram on Wednesday. “It was such a gift to get to work with actors like @adrienbrody and @bobby_cannavale on this beautiful project,” she said of her male co-stars, who play Monroe’s ex-husbands, Arthur Miller and Joe DiMaggio, respectively. “Can’t wait for everyone to see the wonderful work they do in this film. New trailer coming out tomorrow,” she teased. The first still in the post by Ben Affleck’s ex is a re-creation of a 1957 picture of Monroe and Miller candidly snapped near a wooden fence. She dons a blue polka dot dress and clutches flowers, just as Monroe did. The second is a behind-the-scenes shot of Armas and Cannavale cozying up on top of a windowsill bookshelf. The third picture is a black-and-white candid of Armas wearing a dark version of Monroe’s iconic, white “Seven Year Itch” dress, sandwiched between actors Xavier Samuel and Evan Williams, who wear matching suits. Lastly, Armas is captured dressed in Monroe’s hot pink “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes” dress and working with a choreographer to mimic the late starlet’s sultry moves. “Blonde” is expected to stream on Netflix this year, but an official release date has yet to be announced. Rated an NSFW NC-17 with a runtime of two hours and 46 minutes, the psychological drama will give fans an in-depth look at the rise and demise of Hollywood’s most recognizable face. “It’s an NC-17 movie about Marilyn Monroe. It’s kind of what you want, right? I want to go and see the NC-17 version of the Marilyn Monroe story,” director Andrew Dominik said about the movie in February. The story is based on Joyce Carol Oates’ 2000 book of the same name. Previously, there was a scene that reportedly involved menstruation and oral sex, but Dominik said that was just a “hilarious” rumor. However, there is a rape scene. “It’s a demanding movie,” Dominik said. “If the audience doesn’t like it, that’s the f–king audience’s problem. It’s not running for public office.” Monroe died in 1962 at age 36 from an overdose of barbiturates.