Less than one day separates golf bettors from the start of the year’s final major – The Open Championship, or British Open – and we have a few more bets to share. Yesterday, our focus was on our favorite derivative bets for the event. Today, we turn our attention to our favorite matchup bets. I’ve identified three matchups that I believe give bettors a great chance at boosting their bankroll. In fact, two such plays feature underdogs that, based on my statistical modeling, should be favorites. With that in mind, let’s dive into my best matchup bets for the 150th British Open. All odds come courtesy of Fanduel Sportsbook and are reflective at time of writing. Morikawa actually has the advantage over Smith in my 12-round projections, but as you increase the sample size, Smith gains the lead. Over the last 36 rounds, the Australian rates out 17th overall in the field — as an aside, he’s 44th in my 12-round model — while Morikawa rates out 26th in the field in my 36-round projection. In that projection, Smith does rate out well behind Morikawa on approach (6th vs. 55th) but carries an advantage elsewhere. For example, he’s fourth in both birdies or better gained and three-putt avoidance while Morikawa ranks 19th and 46th, respectively. Perhaps Smith’s biggest advantage will come with his short game. Over the last 36 qualifying rounds, he’s 15th in the field in strokes-gained: short game whereas Morikawa is a dismal 100th in the field. Additionally, Smith virtually doubles up Morikawa in driving distance (48th vs. 95th). Plus, the Australian has had the advantage over Morikawa in majors this season. He’s won the head-to-head on two occasions, with his only loss coming at the U.S. Open. Given Smith’s tendency to produce inaccurate drives, I’ll forgive that output. Further, just last week at the Scottish Open, Smith finished in a tie for 10th while Morikawa missed the cut. Although he lacks experience at St. Andrew’s, I believe his experience at Augusta National — three consecutive top-10’s, four top-10’s in six appearances — will see him have success this week. Back Smith up to -135. I’ve already stated my love for Homa in the derivatives column, but I can’t pass up another opportunity with this matchup. Put simply, Hatton doesn’t come close to Homa’s outputs recently. Whereas the American is third overall in my 12-round projection, Hatton is a lackluster 41st. Most alarmingly, the Englishman is 101st on approach and 66th in SG: Par 4’s. Just in the five most-emphasized statistics, Hatton finishes behind Homa in all but one (three-putt avoidance). Even there, Hatton’s advantage isn’t sizable — 28th for Hatton, 46th for Homa. Further, even though Hatton is coming off a T-24th at the Scottish Open, Homa had him beat in that event. In fact, if you measure how these players perform against each other in like events, Homa carries a big advantage. The pair have featured in the same tournament nine times this season, with Homa avoiding defeat in the matchup seven times while winning five of those head-to-heads. Just in the three majors this year, Homa is 2-0-1 (W-L-D) against Hatton. Add in his advantage in the most emphasized modeling categories, and I’d make the American a slight favorite in this matchup. Pieters is a bomber with high upside in this event, but Rose has my interest piqued in plus-money. Although neither has superb modeling outputs, Rose does carry the advantage. Over the last 12 qualifying rounds, the 2013 U.S. Open champion is 43rd in the field while Pieters ranks 71st overall in that projection. Expand the same to evaluate each player’s last 24 qualifying rounds and Rose’s advantage increases (45th vs. 84th). In terms of the former projection, Rose carries individual advantages in a number of key categories. Unsurprisingly, Pieters wins the driving distance battle (33rd vs. 90th), but Rose is ahead on approach and in birdies or better gained and SG: Par 4’s. In fact, Pieters is 107th in the field in birdies or better gained and 113th in proximity from 125-150 yards. On the flip-side, Rose is 35th or better in the field in SG: Approach (35th), Birdies or Betters Gained (28th) and SG: Par 4’s (22nd). Rose also has good course history at St. Andrews and in this major. In 2015, he finished in a tie for sixth and has made the cut in six consecutive Open Championships. Plus, just in their last four Open Championships in which they’ve both participated, Rose carries a 3-1 advantage over Pieters. As a result, I would have Rose priced closer to -110 and am happy to back him at this price.