Jeffrey Epstein’s New Mexico ranch, where some of his most monstrous allegations of sexual abuse occurred, is having a hard time landing a buyer. On Friday, the 7,500-plus-acre ranch, referred to as “The Zorro Ranch,” received a $6 million price cut, The Post can report. Initially hitting the market last July for $27.5 million, the estate is now on sale for $21.5 million. Epstein reportedly had plans to make the ranch a “baby-making factory” where he would inseminate victims. Over the years, several women came out accusing the late disgraced New York-based investor of sexually abusing them there. Though he was never charged with a crime in New Mexico, the compound has been painted as integral to his sex-trafficking operation. Located in Stanley, south of Santa Fe, the compound is made up of a three-story, four-bedroom main house, a nearby caretaker’s residence and multiple other structures, the listing notes. It also has another separately and privately located residence and four other residences at Ranch Central, located near the ranch entry area. Meanwhile, the lodge and log cabin are also located in their own private location on the ranch. Amenities include a grass air strip and hanger, horse stables, a fire house and a yurt. Records obtained by The Post reveal that Epstein had bought the ranch back in 1993 from Gary King, who served as New Mexico’s 30th attorney general at the time. The purchase comprised private and leased federal lands. After heightened allegations resurfaced against Epstein in 2019 concerning his involvement with minors, the state land commissioner ended the grazing deal. “We are officially canceling the leases with Zorro Ranch and Cypress Inc.,” State Land Commissioner Stephanie Garcia Richard told the local KRQE station at the time. “I would never sign any lease agreements or contracts with such individuals as Jeffery Epstein or any of his co-conspirators.” Computer scientist and writer Jaron Lanier claimed to the New York Times that he had previously spoken to a fellow scientist who revealed the convicted pedophile’s goal of having at least 20 women at a time impregnated at the ranch. Epstein had hoped to use the $17 million property to impregnate countless women and “seed the human race with his DNA,” the New York Times reported. But despite this report, there is no evidence that Epstein had any children. Meanwhile, when Epstein stayed at the ranch, security was very tight. “We had to be escorted in on a truck with other employees, and, once inside, we had to put little hospital booties over our feet — and it was mandated that we are escorted everywhere we went and use side entrances,” a contractor, who spoke on condition of anonymity, recalled. “About every three minutes someone would come down to keep an eye on us while we were working.” Meanwhile, his two Virgin Island properties, dubbed “pedophile island” remain on sale. All the money from the sale of his properties is expected to go into resolving outstanding lawsuits and the costs of the estate’s operations, Daniel Weiner, an attorney for Epstein’s estate, previously told The Post Epstein died at the Metropolitan Correctional Center on Aug. 10, 2019,  in what his autopsy determined was a suicide by hanging. He had been ordered held without bail since his arrest July 6, 2019, at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey.