Amazon Prime Day 2022 is here, and the deals are better than ever (thanks, inflation). Whether you’re looking for a new couch or mattress, a restock on your favorite skincare or even an epic deal for $100 or less — the 48-hour extravaganza is not an event you want to miss. Another surprising category Prime Day slashing prices is outdoor items, including camping gear,  outdoor technology like home security cameras and waterproof smart TVs, plus outdoor heaters and patio furniture. Whatever you’re shopping for, the Powerhouse retailer likely has an incredible discount on it. To help you easily shop the best Amazon Prime Day outdoor deals of 2022, the New York Post rounded up more than a dozen fantastic finds from brands like Blink, LifeStraw, Samsung, Hydro Flask, Amazon Basics, and more. The LifeStraw removes the smallest microplastics found in the environment (down to 1 micron), and reduces turbidity down to 0.2 microns — making it great for hiking, camping and traveling. Plus, this little gadget has more than 96,000 reviews on Amazon! Keep you and your family as safe as possible with this set of three outdoor Blink security cameras currently on sale for 50% less than usual. This is not a drill; the Hydro Flask wide-mouth water bottle is on sale in multiple colors and sizes — snag one while you can! Make your kids’ dreams come true with this awesome play set this Prime Day. It’s made by Little Tikes, almost $600 off and features a swing set, clubhouse and an activity jungle for plenty of backyard fun. Who said kayaks need to cost you a fortune? This pick is currently $300 off. Watch your favorite shows, movies and games while lounging on your patio or even in the pool with this smart TV from the outdoor Terrace series from Samsung. An outdoor heater is an investment you will never regret purchasing, especially when it’s nearly 30% off. This comfy and spacious outdoor patio sofa will complete your backyard oasis and much more. Ping-pong anyone? Snag this deal on a table tennis table for just $467. Upgrade your space with an outdoor rug that’s simple, chic and nearly 50% off. Hello, ambiance! This 48-foot-long set of string lights is bound to make you feel like you’re in a whole new world. If you’re not interested in splurging on an in-ground pool, consider testing the waters (pun intended) with this above-ground pick on sale for less than $350. Calling all camping addicts! It may be time to invest in a new tent. This discounted option is on sale for $50 and fits up to four people. A quality cooler is a must for the summer and beyond. The Garmin Instinct Outdoor Watch has a built-in 3-axis compass and barometric altimeter, plus multiple global navigation satellite systems (GPS, Glonass and Galileo) that helps track in more challenging environments than GPS alone. Liquid I.V. hydrations packs are great for many situations, including moments when you’re outside for hours on end. Snag this lemon-lime flavor of 16 for 31% off. Save big on an inflatable hot tub this Prime Day with this green Coleman option that’s currently 40% off. What Amazon Prime Day deals you need to shop now: For more Prime Day content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.