The Mets knew they’d have little margin for error Sunday against one of the most dominant starting pitchers in the National League, only to see an error lead to the decisive margin. Taijuan Walker and Miami workhorse Sandy Alcantara carried dueling shutouts through the seventh inning, but the Mets couldn’t come up with a timely hit all day and the Marlins eventually pulled out a 2-0 victory in 10 innings for a split of a four-game series at Citi Field. One day after the Mets had taken advantage of Miami’s sloppy defense to post a 10-inning victory on Keith Hernandez Day, a throwing error past third base by catcher Tomas Nido on a stolen-base attempt allowed automatic runner Billy Hamilton to score the go-ahead run. Tommy Hunter allowed a second run to score in the 10th on Luke Williams’ RBI single. “Obviously, that’s where the run scored, that was the difference. But there was a lot of things in there,” said Buck Showalter, whose team went 0-for-7 with runners in scoring position. “We had a couple of pops at their starter but just couldn’t cash in. That’s why he is who he is.” Francisco Lindor struck out against Tanner Scott with runners on the corners to end the game for the Mets (53-33) ahead of their pivotal three-game divisional showdown against the Braves in Atlanta beginning Monday. The defending World Series champs have closed what was once a 10 ½-game deficit in the NL East to 1 ½ with Sunday’s 12-inning win over the Nationals. “Atlanta, whether it’s the first day of the year, or tomorrow, it’s gonna be a challenge,” said Lindor, whose 60 RBIs weren’t enough for him to join four teammates on the initial NL All-Star roster. “They’re the World Series champs. … Ultimately, it doesn’t matter who’s on the other side. We have to go out and give our best.” Sunday’s loss squandered another gem by Walker, who completed seven scoreless innings and allowed just three hits with seven strikeouts and one walk over 99 pitches, lowering his ERA to 2.63 over 15 starts. Showalter believes the 29-year-old Walker — who is slated to make one more start, Friday in Chicago, before the All-Star break — should be considered to be added to replace anyone unable to pitch in the Midsummer Classic on July 19 in Los Angeles. Walker similarly had been named to the NL squad last summer as an injury replacement for Mets teammate Jacob deGrom. He started the 2021 season with a 7-3 record and a 2.66 ERA before enduring a terrible second half, closing the year 0-8 with a 6.79 ERA over 13 starts after the break. “I don’t really remember last year, but I just feel like lately I’ve been going out there and trying to give our team the best chance to win,” Walker said. “Hopefully I get in [the All-Star Game], but if not, having the four days off will be nice, too.” Alcantara, who easily leads the majors this season in innings pitched with 130 ¹/₃, will be headed to LA after lowering his ERA to 1.73. He scattered six hits over seven shutout frames — his 12th consecutive outing with at least that many innings pitched. “I don’t want to say I have a man-crush or anything. … But you go out there and you find yourself watching him,” Showalter said. “You’ve got to get a real quality start from your starter and the opportunities you usually get from him you better cash in.” Walker was reached for just three hits — all by Jon Berti — in matching zeroes with Alcantara through seven, ending that frame with a full-count strikeout of Brian Anderson with two runners aboard. The Mets received consecutive two-out singles from Eduardo Escobar and Luis Guillorme (3-for-4) against Alcantara in the bottom half of the seventh, but Nido grounded out to end the inning. They also had two runners on with none out in the fourth, but Alcantara got Lindor to bounce into a double play. “I faced him last time in Miami, and even facing [Houston’s Justin Verlander], those are fun games,” Walker said. “You want to be just a little bit better. He’s one of the best, if not the best pitcher right now in baseball. “It’s baseball, and we’re gonna lose some games.”