Weddings are a special time to celebrate a couple’s love for each other, and every ceremony is a different take on the romantic event. While some lovebirds opt to go the traditional route, some also go the modern path for their special day. A wedding guru named Monica — who appears on TikTok as The Monica Way — shared her very “controversial” opinions for the big day. While she noted in a video that her views are not meant to cause offense, she explained her thoughts on a few things that brides should stop doing. Her first thought was for couples to cease having a separate invite list for after-party events. “Having a second guest list for the after-party is rude,” Monica said. “What it’s saying is, ‘we like you, but we don’t like you enough to invite you to the main part of the wedding.’” She continued: “I do appreciate that cost is involved and that’s why people have a separate list, but I personally would prefer not to be invited at all if I was invited just to the after party.” The expert then revealed how she despises people who give their guests a “first look” at their reception venue. Next, Monica said that invitees should not be able to have a plus-one added to their invitation card. “When I say plus one, I don’t mean the person they found on Tinder the night before,” she stated. “If they’ve been in a relationship and it’s somebody that would make them feel more comfortable and know somebody at your wedding, it’s nice to offer that to them,” she added. Monica also believes that one should not take their husband’s last name as it’s an antiquated tradition. She said: “Of course, if you want to take your other half’s second name, go for it. I personally won’t be, because I do think it’s outdated.” Next, the UK native disclosed that having an overly-large wedding cake is unnecessary. “I think having a very large cake that won’t get eaten is very, very wasteful,” she uttered. “Having a smaller cake that will definitely be eaten on the night is much more economical and conscientious.” Monica went on, “If you are set on having a cake that looks amazing, you can always have a fake tier built into the cake if you want something that’s really grand.”