She’s not Drew Barrymore, but she’s never been kissed. A TikToker revealed that she and her boyfriend of two years haven’t kissed yet in a clip that amassed 2.4 million views. The now-viral video addresses the most common questions Kaytlin O’Neall, who just graduated high school, receives about wanting to wait until marriage to kiss her partner. Apparently, people are in disbelief when they find out the pair have never kissed, telling O’Neall she must have a lot of “self-control” and trying to assure her that kissing isn’t “the end of the world.” In other clips, the couple answers questions in the comments, like if they’re “gay,” “just friends” or even “friends without benefits.” “We were best friends and then we fell in love,” O’Neall’s boyfriend Drew said in another video. “So everything that we do is to protect and look forward to more in the future. I want to marry this girl with every fiber in my being, believe me.” The choice to not kiss spawns from waiting until marriage to have sex, O’Neall later revealed, albeit the Bible isn’t very clear on things other than that. About a year before she and Drew began dating, she pondered about where exactly she stood on kissing. “I ultimately landed on ‘I don’t want to kiss’ because I wanted to save that for my future husband,” she said, adding that she’s always viewed smooching as an “intimate” act. O’Neall later posted a clip explaining how not kissing is a mutual, personal “conviction” that the couple shares, but that she doesn’t think couples who kiss are “sinners” who should “go to hell.” “Everyone has their own conviction,” she said in the video, adding that the pair’s love language is physical touch, which obviously puts a strain on the relationship. “And you can all do it how you feel led to do it.” But other users weren’t too keen on the pair’s decisions, convinced they can’t possibly be in a happy relationship that lacks physical components. “Platonic life partners,” one person joked. “I can see the pain in his eyes bro is fighting back tears,” wrote another, adding to the chorus of people saying he looked like Drew wanted to kiss his girlfriend. “Bro fighting for his life rn,” commented someone else. “Girl that is your FRIEND of two years,” quipped another. “I don’t understand how you can be in a relationship, without any romance. Like what makes your partner stand out from your friends,” questioned another user. “I can’t believe ppl are complaining about what someone else does with THEIR bodies and questioning the validity and boundaries of THEIR relationship,” commented someone else, who seemed to be one of the only people standing up for the couple.