For many, their home is their happy place and making it as comfortable and well … homey, is a necessity. Whether that’s making sure you have an epic sectional, a big screen TV, a quality mattress or, in this case, a set of nightstands that not only look great but are functional, too. While your bed is your bedroom’s main focus, nightstands tie your aesthetic in and play a key role in your private space. In an effort to complete your sanctuary, we rounded up the top 10 best nightstands you can find on Amazon.com. Whether you’re looking for a simple, cost-effective pick or a sleek, mid-century modern vibe, we made sure to include a wide variety of options to meet all budgets and styles. Shop our fantastic finds below or go straight to Amazon and check out all they have to offer when it comes to nightstands directly. This nightstand set is perfect if you’re going for a West Elm look for less. Enjoy smooth craftsmanship and a drawer in each for storage. The Prepac Fremont 2 Drawer Nightstand is a simple yet durable option with the opportunity for assembly at just $49 extra. If you’re working with a glamorous aesthetic, you can’t go wrong with this set from Cozayh. The streamlined silhouette is fitted with mirrored panels for a look that combines classic shapes with glam accents. This oak finish nightstand would look just as great in a modern cabin as it would in a Manhattan condo. It’s a perfect size and features a T-lock assembly system for easy assembly. For an all-American farmhouse vibe, consider the set from Vecelo that has nearly 6,000 raving reviews on Amazon. This set is available in black, brown and rustic brown. A nightstand that features a built power outlet and USB port? We’re in! Not only that, but this option includes three drawers for optimal storage. The Nathan James Mina Side Table is one of our favorites on the list. It’s small but offers plenty of storage with its open cubby and additional shelf hidden behind the boho-style drawer front. If you don’t need anything fancy, go for this functional nightstand that’s currently on sale for less than $40 — and it’s not even Prime Day! Not sold yet? Check out the 10,000 positive Amazon reviews. For less than $300, you can snag this pair of mid-century modern nightstands that look almost identical to anything you’d find on West Elm (likely double or triple the price). For a fun, glitzy, full-glam option, go for these mirrored nightstands by Mecor. They offer three drawers and plenty of surface area for your charging phone, water bottle, or any of your other home decor items you need by your bedside. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.