The man accused of gunning down his 20-year-old ex-girlfriend as she walked their 3-month-old girl in a stroller on the Upper East Side has rage issues — and was nicknamed “Angry Bird” by the victim’s family, her heartbroken mom said Saturday. Isaac Argro — who was busted Friday night and charged in the cold-blooded killing of young mom Azsia Johnson — is “skinny and quiet but you can see the anger in him,” Lisa DeSort told The Post. “I don’t like Isaac. He’s angry. He’s very angry. We call him ‘Angry Bird,’” DeSort, 55, said. “When he got angry, he huffed and puffed and looked like an angry bird.” “He thinks he’s a gangster. He says he’s in the Crips but he has pictures wearing Bloods clothing. He’s no gangster, even though he’d like to think he was.” The 22-year-old suspect is “a narcissist, the epitome of a narcissist,” Johnson’s grief-stricken mom said. Argro, of Brooklyn, had been on law enforcement’s radar over allegations that he abused and “stalked” Johnson in the past, sources and relatives have said. He was arraigned on charges of murder and criminal possession of a weapon Saturday and remanded to jail without bail, police said. DeSort was in court waiting for the proceeding along with her younger daughters, who are 13 and 15. Johnson, who has a son who is nearly two from a previous relationship, had been conflicted about whether to abort her baby with Argro because she feared him, but ultimately “chose life,” her mom said through tears. “My daughter actually went to the doctor and got [abortion] medicine. She came home and she sat down and said ‘I can’t do it, I don’t care Mommy, this is my baby and I’m going to take care of her and I’m going to love her’ and she did,” DeSort said. Johnson, a home health aide, told relatives she planned to meet her infant’s dad on Wednesday night because she “felt bad” that he wasn’t in their daughter’s life, sources and family members said. She was shot at point-blank range near Lexington Avenue and East 95th Street as she walked to the planned meeting, according to sources. DeSort said she will now raise the baby and her grandson with help from family members and the boy’s other grandmother. A mutual friend introduced Argro to her daughter about a year ago, when the young woman was feeling sad over another relationship that had just ended, DeSort said. The “honeymoon” phase of Johnson’s relationship with Argro lasted about a month before things “started turning bad,” DeSort said, painting a picture of a rage-filled and controlling boyfriend. The mom said Argro showed up uninvited at her house one day and was upset that Johnson had arrived there late. “That’s when the red flags were raised for me because she didn’t even tell him to come over,” DeSort said. “He was upset and when she came home, you could see his whole demeanor change — he was pacing back and forth and breathing hard.” DeSort said she warned him to “calm your attitude,” to no avail. “He went outside and put on that killer rap, that drill rap…I started getting scared the way he was pacing back and forth. I had known him for a month and something wasn’t right, his energy was real bad,” she said. Johnson was so worried about his conduct that she moved into a domestic violence shelter last fall to protect her older child, DeSort said. She said Argro worked as a FedEx deliveryman and griped around Christmas time that he didn’t get his paychecks and quit. But she suspects he was fired. “He said, ‘I’m doing an effed up job, just to support a baby I don’t even know is mine,'” DeSort recalled. On New Year’s Day, Johnson went to Argro’s house in Jamaica, Queens and wanted to take home some baby clothes — but he tried to stop her from leaving, DeSort said. Johnson, who was pregnant at the time, called her mother crying, and DeSort said she phoned the police. “He beat her. She had black eyes and scrapes on her neck. She said ‘He’s hitting me, I want to leave, I want to leave, but he won’t let me leave,'” DeSort recalled. Johnson ended the relationship after the incident — but Argro continued stalking and harassing her even though she kept blocking him, DeSort said. In March, he allegedly managed to get through to her on the phone and said “If you don’t unblock me bitch, I will kill your mother today,” DeSort said. DeSort said she called the domestic violence counselor who had been assigned to Johnson after the New Year’s Day incident and reported Argro’s conduct. The counselor told the appalled mom that Argro had a right to speak his mind because it was “freedom of speech,” DeSort claimed. DeSort, during a Thursday night vigil for her daughter, demanded the police take domestic violence cases more seriously. Johnson, whose own father is not in her life, was depressed that her daughter wouldn’t have a dad and, sometime after she gave birth on March 25, took the infant to see Argro in Queens, according to her mom. But the visit turned ugly, DeSort said. She said, ” ‘Mommy I don’t feel comfortable. I just wanted to see if it would change’ but he was looking at the baby and saying ‘Your mother is such a bitch. Look at your forehead, you have her forehead,'” DeSort recalled. The mom said she begged her daughter to cut off all contact with Argro, who suddenly turned nice to Johnson in the days leading up to her murder. “I even told her, ‘Watch that’ because out of nowhere he started being nice,” DeSort said. “He was trying to do something. He’s gonna get what he wants, and this is exactly what he wanted. I know this is what he wanted — to hurt my daughter.”