Mariah Carey is the latest celebrity to show the Hamptons some love this summer. The superstar singer and her twins, Moroccan (“Rock”) and Monroe — the two of whom she shares with her ex, Nick Cannon — rented this $20 million Hamptons compound for two weeks, Gimme Shelter has learned. She left on Sunday. The sprawling estate comes with a million-dollar, 81-foot-long saltwater pool, as well as a tennis court. Carey isn’t the only A-lister to call this spread, dubbed Eagle’s Point — due to its highest elevation in the Hamptons — a temporary home. Carrie Underwood stayed in the same house last summer, sources say. This Water Mill, New York, home is on the market for $20 million — and as a rental for $375,000 from now until Labor Day, said brokers Shawn Elliott and Dylan Eckardt, of Nest Seekers International, who share the exclusive listing. But Carey, who paid more than six figures for her summertime stay, seems to be among the last tenants of the existing property. Located on one of three parcels, it will be torn down once construction starts on a 15,000-square-foot estate that now asks $50 million. We hear Carey brought along an extensive entourage, including her dancer boyfriend Bryan Tanaka. The 7-acre compound, at 954 Noyac Path, features a total of 8,500 square feet and nine bedrooms across two structures: a main house and a guest house. Touches include a chef’s kitchen, a movie theater, a gym, a wine cellar and private decks from every bedroom. “We showed Mariah a number of homes for rent for her two-week stay in the Hamptons,” Elliott said. “She chose Eagle’s Point because of the insane 280-degree views,” which extend from the exclusive Atlantic Golf Course to Mecox Bay and the ocean. The main house was once the vacation home of socialite Sunny von Bulow’s daughter, Ala, according to the listing. As for the guest house, it was formerly the summer house of fashion designer Randolph Duke, who headed Halston. On Monday, Carey posted about her stay on Instagram with a photo of her smiling inside the home. “Out East for the week, soaking it all in,” she said before thanking the brokers.