Donald and Ivana Trump’s starter mansion was a Greenwich, Connecticut property that spanned over 19,700 square feet. In 1982 — five years into their marriage — the future president, then 35, and his now-late ex-wife Ivana, then 33, purchased the estate for $4 million. Comprised of a main house and a guest house, the Georgian colonial estate is made up of eight bedrooms and 13 bathrooms and stands on a 5.8-acre peninsula. The waterfront estate went up for sale in the last three years, initially for a whopping $45 million. It last hit the market for $32 million, but because it was unable to score a buyer, it was taken off this past April. Modern renovations are expected to take place before it lists again. At the time the power couple had moved into the home, Ivana was simultaneously working to remodel the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan that Donald had purchased in the early 1980s, according to Top Ten Real Estate Deals. While decorating the Plaza, Ivana incorporated many of the same materials into their new Connecticut compound, including gold leaf features, chandeliers and crown moldings. A previous listing described the Greenwich home as “dripping in gold leaf.” Amid their contentious early-1990s divorce, Ivana acquired the property and later sold the home for $15 million in 1998. The new owners made some new additions to the spread, including toning down the overly opulent vibe — adding tennis courts, an indoor lap pool and guest quarters. Other features of the home include a three-story rotunda foyer with a grand staircase and several formal living rooms. Built in 1939 for Robert Hillas, the former president of the Super Heater Company in New York City, the compound boasts views of the Long Island Sound. Other amenities include a home theater, a putting green, a pool and sauna and three fully equipped staff apartments. Outdoor features also include multiple patios and terraces. During their 15-year marriage, the two were considered the ultimate 1980s power couple. Ivana was often credited with helping build both their public image and the family business. While Donald was building his Manhattan empire, his wife worked alongside him, steering the interior designs in some of his most iconic buildings. On July 14, Ivana died in her longtime Upper East Side Manhattan townhouse at the age of 73. She was discovered at the bottom of a staircase having suffered “blunt impact injuries” to her torso, the New York City medical examiner’s office said. In a statement, the Trump family called Ivana “a force in business, a world-class athlete, a radiant beauty, and caring mother and friend. “Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination,” it continued. The former president also posted on his social medial platform Truth Social: “I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City.”