She’s a daddy’s girl to the bitter end. A Florida model is selling “sexy” snaps of herself to fund her father’s end-of-life care. Neyleen Ashley, 33, was left devastated when her beloved dad Manny, 59, was recently diagnosed with end stage renal failure. The patriarch’s only hope of survival is a kidney transplant — but he first needs heart surgery and a pacemaker before it is safe for him to undergo the procedure. “He’s in stage five renal failure, having seizures and really horrible spasms in his legs,” Ashley emotionally explained to NeedToKnow. “It’s so painful he has to hunch down and take his medication, which then knocks him out.” Although the glamour model — who boasts 2.5 million followers on Instagram — says she “will never stop hoping” for a miracle, she is determined to make her dad as comfortable as possible if a transplant doesn’t eventuate. To do so, the dutiful daughter — who has hit headlines in the past for undergoing three boob jobs to attain the “biggest breasts in the US” — is capitalizing on her assets and selling erotic images of herself online. For $20 a month, subscribers can view Ashley’s raunchy content  via the Playboy service Centerfold.com. “Essentially, I am selling sexy photos to help my dad,” Ashley admitted. “When I told him, he laughed, he thought it was hilarious. Growing up, he would always joke around saying he wanted us to work at Hooters because of women empowerment.” “My dad has always taught me and my sister to own our sexuality without judgement,” the blonde beauty further cooed. Ashley said she “wants to do everything possible to show my dad how well he did in raising me.” The selfless stunner also said she wants to help out her step-mom to make sure she also “feels supported and loved.” Ashley — who was last year linked to Kim Kardashian’s ex Kris Humphries —  also revealed she was shocked when her father was first diagnosed with renal failure. “My dad never drank, smoked or ate badly, but no amount of healthy meals could have prevented this,” the model said, “He has received the genetic bad hand and it is a losing one.” “When he was diagnosed, my heart was broken,” she continued. “I was almost in disbelief until you see him in agonizing pain and realize the magnitude of the situation.” Ashley even offered up her own kidney for the transplant, but doctors advised against it, in case she inherits the genetics that caused her father’s renal failure. “People have a stigma, they see me and my Instagram and they think because I have huge boobs and I’m curvy, I’m dumb or heartless,” the devoted daughter declared. “But you can also be kind and do things for your family using your platform.”