While there are very few cons about the summer season, we can all agree that sunburns top all of our lists. There’s nothing worse than falling asleep on the beach or forgetting to reapply your sunscreen during a hot day and dealing with an itchy, hot, blistering sunburn. Of course, using face and body sunscreen daily should be your first defense, but there are sun products that can help you feel a bit more comfortable should the damage already be done (literally). “Following sun exposure, it is helpful to replenish and calm the skin, as the sun can be irritating and inflammatory. Treating the skin with after-sun products can help soothe any redness and burns,” board-certified dermatologist Dr. Shari Sperling told the New York Post. “Look for products that contain aloe vera, antioxidants, vitamins and hydrating ingredients.” These ingredients will not only calm the skin but also moisturize it after a day of intense sun exposure. However, it’s important to point out that after-sun products do not reverse the harmful effects of ultraviolet (UV) radiation on the skin. “The sun’s rays promote the formation of free oxygen radicals, which can damage cellular structures like DNA, lipids, and proteins,” explained dermatologist Brendan Camp. “They also precipitate the formation of mutations in DNA that can lead to the formation of skin cancer. Aftersun lotions do not correct any of these changes.” Keep reading to get the lowdown on the best expert-approved after-sun products below. Three of the five dermatologists we interviewed for this article raved about the Sun Bum Cool Down Lotion. Do we need to say more? “This product works well to soothe the sun after prolonged sun exposure, especially if you’re burned. It has a cooling effect from the aloe vera, which can provide relief to sunburned skin,” said Sperling. “It also contains Vitamin E, which acts as an antioxidant that locks moisture into the skin.” Sperling also recommends this product to help prevent peeling, as it hydrates the skin. The Burt’s Bees Aloe & Coconut After Sun Soother comes highly rated among experts and shoppers (check out the 8,000+ raving Amazon reviews). “This accessible product moisturizes and calms the skin through its inclusion of coconut oil and aloe,” Camp told The Post. “It absorbs well and is also free of parabens, phthalates, petrolatum and SLS.” “Coconut oil is often used after sun exposure, as it has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce itching and peeling,” said Sperling. If you’re looking for a safe option that you can use on both your face and body, this Coola pick is the way to go. “[This product is] non-comedogenic and hydrating without being greasy [which] makes it suitable for the face and body,” dermatologist Snehal Amin explained. “This lotion is hydrating and helps soothe and moisturize the skin following sun exposure. It can be used daily [and is] formulated with aloe vera [to] provide hydrating and skin soothing benefits,” Sperling said. “It’s also formulated with antioxidant-rich extracts and oils, such as rosemary extract, lavender oil and sunflower oil.” For a simple, reliable option, Amin recommends the Amara Beauty Aloe Vera Gel. “This top-rated multitasking aloe gel is all-natural and a go-to if you have a sunburn. [It has a] lightweight formula which absorbs cleanly without residue,” Amin told The Post. “Aloe vera is a key ingredient to look for, especially if you have a sunburn. Glycoproteins from this naturally occurring plant have been shown to reduce inflammation and swelling. It also supports the skin protective barrier, which helps with peeling.” This one is for all the shoppers with sensitive skin. “While not marketed as an aftersun lotion, this calming moisturizer helps soothe irritated skin through its combination of nourishing ingredients and thermal spring water,” said Camp. The Avène Cicalfate+ Restorative Protective Cream features other key ingredients like copper sulfate and zinc sulfate, promoting a healthy skin environment for optimal recovery. For something easy and straightforward, San Diego-based dermatologist, Szadeh Shirazi recommends the Vaseline Aloe Vera lotion. According to the brand, this product is clinically proven to keep dry skin healed for three weeks (proven after four weeks of daily use during a clinical study). It’s an ideal lotion for everyday dryness and days after the beach if you only have a minor sunburn. While initially formulated for dry, winter skin, Shirazi recommends this to her clients struggling with dry, peeling skin from sunburns in the summer as well. “[It’s a] petroleum-based healing balm” which helps prevent water loss for peeling,” Shirazi said. Key moisturizing ingredients include hyaluronic acid and ceramides to help restore and maintain the skin’s natural barrier. While the La Mer The Concentrate Serum is quite the splurge, Barret Wertz, New York Post Commerce Editorial Director, raves about this product for reducing painful sunburns and beyond. “I discovered The Concentrate from La Mer after having laser resurfacing treatment for hyperpigmentation (so, like a sunburn on steroids),” Wertz said. “The key ingredient in all La Mer products, fermented sea kelp marketed under the name Miracle Broth, was formulated by La Mer founder Dr. Max Huber to soothe, treat and repair chemical burns he suffered himself.” “As the name suggests, The Concentrate is the most potent offering of the magical marine mixture rendering it a perfect remedy for severe sunburns,” Wertz said. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.