Summer used to mean big title fights. That’s no longer the case. The next major fight is scheduled to take place in September between Canelo Alvarez and Gennady Golovkin. Nevertheless, there are still some entertaining matchups on tap to attract bettors. One of those fights will take place Saturday night in San Antonio, when Mark Magsayo (24-0, 16 KOs) defends his WBC featherweight title against former WBC super bantamweight champion Rey Vargas (35-0, 22 KOs). Though not big names with the casual fan, it isn’t often a fight features two guys with a combined record of 59-0. Oddsmakers think this is a dead-even matchup. FanDuel lists both Magsayo and Vargas at odds of -115 with a draw +1800 (18/1). Magsayo comes in off a huge upset over Gary Russell Jr. as a +400 underdog to win the featherweight title. The Ring magazine ranks Magsayo as the second-best featherweight in the world, behind only WBO champion Emanuel Navarrete. Vargas moved up to featherweight back in November, easily defeating overmatched Leonardo Baez by unanimous decision in his debut at 126 pounds. Getting Vargas at odds of -115 is a rarity. Over his last nine fights, Vargas has closed as a -900 favorite on average, with his lowest odds coming in at -245 versus Gavin McDonnell. It’s easy to see why oddsmakers believe this will be a close fight, and though both boxers are hard punchers (38 combined wins by stoppage), the odds of this bout going the full 12 rounds are -235. Magsayo is +425 to win by stoppage, while Vargas is +550. Though Vargas has spent most of his career at 122 pounds, he was a big bantamweight and that may show in this matchup, in which he will have a three-inch reach and four-inch height advantage over Magsayo. So while it may seem on paper that Vargas is at a disadvantage facing just his second opponent at 126, I don’t see it being a major issue. Another thing to keep in mind is Russell claimed to have a shoulder injury when he fought Magsayo. That might explain the surprising disparity in volume. Magsayo landed 150 total punches to 69 for Russell and had a 140-58 edge in power punches. Whether Magsayo fought a limited Russell or not, his performance was impressive, and I think there is some value on him in this matchup. A Manny Pacquiao protege, Magsayo likes to force the action and I expect that to be the case on Saturday. I mentioned that Vargas is the taller fighter, but Magsayo is thicker, with more punching power. He could wear down Vargas over 12 rounds with his straightforward, aggressive style. Vargas will try to sit back and use his reach advantage, hoping to score with the jab. Nevertheless, I see Magsayo doing more damage with his punches and in a close fight, that sometimes sways the judges. I’ll be honest, this is a tough fight to predict with both boxers coming in unbeaten. I lean Magsayo -115 and Magsayo by decision at +190. I would be surprised if the fight doesn’t go the distance, and because of that, throwing a few bucks on a draw at +1800 isn’t a bad idea either.