It’s time to pair down your sock drawer for 2022. Socks may not be the most glamorous thing to have a shopping spree for, but they are an essential for everyone. We all know that somehow the washing machine likes to separate pairs of socks and leave strays, and beyond that, ratty socks with holes in them are surely still sitting at the back of your dresser. Now is the time to sort some socks and see what you have to work with. After decluttering a bit, read about our top recommendations for the best men’s sock brands in 2022. Related: the best compression socks on Amazon. Our edit includes low-rise options for every day use that you can wear with sneakers, high socks for boots and dress socks to pair with loafers at your next wedding or a day in the office. Plus, we may have slipped in a pair of funny socks too, perfect for the jokester or as a great gag gift for anyone. Just do it and replace your old socks. Nike has a great variety for men, with high and low pairs for any sport and leisure, too. Sort by style and shop for no show socks, ankle, crew and high-knee socks for soccer or some added compression. High class men deserve a pair of high class socks once in a while. For some Gucci pairs, head to the Farfetch site to browse their selection. Right now, shop the basic logo style or opt for the double “G” design the brand is known for. Bombas is the name of the game when it comes to basics. The brand really only sells socks, underwear and T-shirts shirts, specializing in the undergarments that keep you cool and comfortable. We love that their socks come in many styles and colors, plus in larger packs to keep you well-stocked for months. Don’t work harder, work smarter with socks from Smartwool. The brand is best for the adventurous man, offering styles for activities like skiing, hiking, biking and more. The do also offer socks for everyday use, so stock up for every aspect of your life. Comfy cotton socks can be found here at Hanes. The sock and basics brand has their own Amazon page, full of multi-packs of socks to make getting ready a breeze. They also sell options for women and children, so do your family a favor and add a few packs to your cart. In the gym or at home on the couch, you can always rock a pair of socks from Adidas. They of course sell athletic socks in no-show, low-rise and crew to name a few, as well as other options for running or just hanging out. Amazon knows that socks are essential. Shop Amazon Essentials line of socks for men here and stock up on all styles and colors for your closet. The cushioned athletic set come with more than 6,800 reviews or opt for the beloved crew pack of 10 that now have more than 18,000 reviews. Can’t pick a brand? Then head to Walmart and shop the company’s page of curated men’s socks from all sorts of brands to offer you plenty of variety. Some brands to note are Gilden, Pair of Thieves and the beloved Champion brand to name a few. Perform your very best with some of the best performance socks. Under Armour is great for the man who loves athletics or just wearing sneakers with a great cushioned sock. Right now, hot pairs on site include this six-pack of low-rise socks and these high-rise performance crew socks. Classy doesn’t have to be boring. Leave the fun up to Brooks Brothers, offering shoppers classic work and dress socks with some fun patterns and designs to brighten up any look. We love these golf socks for the green, nautical socks for the boat and plenty of other classic pairs for every day. Strike a balance between comfort and style with New Balance. The brand offers a bunch of great basics in black, white and gray coming in multi-packs to make things even easier. Feetures are great colorful socks for men. The unique back padding on these socks help protect your ankles from rubbing on most any shoes, keeping you comfortable on your run or walk. Happy feet deserve Happy Socks. Upgrade your sock game with these wild and fun socks that come in a variety of patterns for special occasions, holidays and just an everyday laugh. Socks are unisex, but guys can find a curated handful here. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.