More than a dozen homes in Texas were decimated by a fire Monday believed to have been sparked by a lawnmower, according to local reports. At least 14 homes were burnt to the ground and six more were damaged when a large grass fire quickly spread through a Balch Springs neighborhood in Dallas County Monday afternoon, WFAA reported. Authorities believe the fire erupted when crews cutting grass in a nearby field may have struck a metal object — which caused sparks that burned the grass, the Balch Springs city manager told the local outlet. The flames quickly spread across the field and into at least 20 homes near the intersection of Interstate 20 and South Beltline Road due to the dry conditions and high winds. Dramatic aerial footage shows roaring flames and smoke billowing out of homes and over a large stretch of land. Other videos revealed houses completely leveled by the inferno. The area of the Spring Ridge neighborhood where the fire erupted was evacuated. Some residents had just minutes to leave their homes and were forced to leave all their belongings behind. “Lost everything. Just everything,” Miguel Quinonez told the Dallas Morning News. He lived in his house with his wife for nearly 14 years and had just bought a brand new truck that burned in the home’s garage, the paper reported. Another homeowner was at work when people texted him that his house was on fire. “It’s just sad. I don’t really care about the things, all the clothes and stuff,” Michael Jaramillo told the Dallas Morning News. “I’m thinking about the things I can’t get back, the photos of my brothers and sisters and everything like that.” The Balch Springs community has set up a temporary shelter at its recreation center for those seeking refuge as a result of the fire. The American Red Cross is working with the city to provide arrangements for displaced families. No injuries have been reported. The devastating blaze comes as fire departments across northern Texas are on high alert. An ongoing drought and unusually high temperatures have made the state prone to fires.