With new items trending every second, the clock may be ticking when it comes to getting your hands on some of TikTok’s most viral must-haves. While the app may be a hotbed for entertaining challenges, smart hacks, and viral cooking concoctions, it’s also worth checking out before you buy just about anything, as chances are someone on TikTok knows about the product you’re looking for — and quite possibly has tried a whole bunch of other products you never knew you needed. From room decor like dried pampas flowers and sunset lamps, to beauty hacks like a scalp massager and jade roller, and affordable fashion finds including a pair of 14kt gold earrings and trendy tennis skirts, the app really does have it all. Makeup and clothing soared in popularity on the app as well, blowing up drugstore items like the Charlotte Tillbury Flawless filter and the Dior Lip Oil to name a few. However, the biggest trend that is seemingly still going strong were the SEASUM leggings, now dubbed the “scrunch-butt leggings” and sold by a variety of retailers (and now in shorts perfect for a scrunched summer.) TikTok promotes products from all over the internet, but by far the most popular shopping site is Amazon. This makes shopping even easier, especially for Prime members, as you can load up on items from your favorite beauty, skincare, fashion and home videos all in one place and receive your items in the time it takes to watch a few more TikToks. If you’re still craving more shopping, check out our roundup on the top 100 Amazon finds and  hottest products dropping this month. Get some beauty rest with these satin pillowcases. These satin pillow cases might just help you wake up feeling extra glowy. According to hair health experts, sleeping on satin sheets minimizes hair breakage and frizziness. Researchers also found that people who sleep on silk or satin pillowcases experience fewer breakouts than their satin-less counterparts. If you want to be “that girl,” this is for you. Bye, bye bedside table. The clothing rack is making moves. Perfect for tight spaces or compact living, this triple tier clothing organizer is just what you need to display your favorite items. Check out our other tips and tricks for finding storage in small spaces. Say Goodbye to filters. It’s not much of a secret anymore. The sunset lamp has taken TikTok by storm, and we can’t get enough of it. Using the remote control, choose from 16 different shades to create the perfect lighting for your room. You will never miss a sunset selfie again. If you’re sick of buying bouquets only to watch them wilt, snatch up this pampas grass and it will last forever. Dubbed a “gift from nature,” on Amazon’s website, these dried flowers will turn your living room into an urban oasis-meets-farmhouse. The bouquet features a combination of 100% non-toxic, natural reed grass and fluffy, faux pampas which doesn’t shed. Trim it up, rearrange it, and make it your own. We live in a technologically advanced society, and the time has come for corkscrews to retire. These electric wine openers removes natural or synthetic corks in a matter of seconds. And for wine lovers, there is nothing better than getting to that first sip faster. Blue light glasses have become all the rage on TikTok, sworn to help reduce headaches and eye strain associated with long-term screen exposure. Besides their 100% UV protection, these glasses are super sleep and trendy, and come in three different colors. Buy a pair on Amazon now and support a family-owned business. These Bala Bangles can give you a workout while drinking wine. As seen on Shark Tank, Bala Bangles are now TikTok gym-fluencers favorite lazy, workout item. At just one-pound, these baby wrist and ankle weights add slight resistance to workouts or everyday activities. Pick them out in your favorite color and get toned for the summer. With summer heating up, icing your face is now the coolest thing to do. TikTok loves alternative, healthy beauty hacks and this one isn’t going anywhere. Ice rollers are known to improve dry skin, reduce burns after sun exposure, and relieve fatigue by massaging the eyes socket and temples. Why pay for a facial when you can add this to your at-home skin care routine? Blending on the go has never been so easy. TikTok is filled with health gurus favorite recipes for smoothies, green juices, and protein shakes. Unfortunately, not everyone can afford a $300+ juicing contraption. Luckily, this this viral, portable blender is as affordable as it is convenient. The battery-powered machine is good for up to 20 juices per charge. Ditch your regular cardio routine and get your hula on with this smart hoop. TikTok loves fitness hacks, and this weighted hula hoop certainly makes working out a little more fun. The 360-degree, shock-absorbing massage ring allows you to exercise comfortably while relieving pain in the lower back. According to reviews, it’s so easy to use, even beginners can get their hips moving. Whether or not you believe everything Jordyn Woods has to say, this frozen brow trend is not going anywhere. Anastatia Soare, known as the “Eyebrow Queen,” developed the frozen brow gel to create a more balanced face. Rather than over-plucking and thinning the brows, the TikTok generation is opting for fuller, thicker brows. Brow Freeze gel lifts and tames each hair to create a perfect feathered look. No need to run to the injector with this lip plumping oil. Not everyone wants to spend $40 on lip gloss. But, this is no ordinary lip gloss. Enriched with volumizing spheres of hyaluronic acid, the gloss’s formula works to smooth and hydrate lips, while producing a plumping effect upon application. Looking to grow out those luscious locks? If you’re skeptical about this shampoo brush, listen to the hair expert himself. According to @mattloveshair and many TikTok verified hair stylists, this brush is the secret to growing stronger, healthier hair by removing product build up, exfoliating the scalp, and stimulating hair follicles. Charlotte Tillbury’s Flawless Filter is kicking TikTok filters to the side. It’s official — Charlotte Tillbury is hottest new makeup brand on TikTok. Makeup artists love the silky, natural glow that this complexion booster brings to the skin. Use it alone or pair it with the Airbrush foundation for a little more coverage. Have you ever given your face a workout? TIkTok’s latest beauty hack promises to reduce facial puffiness and muscle tension. The rose quartz Jade roller and Gua Sha not only lift your skin to improve fine lines, but also help shape your jawline. Follow the tips for the experts for best results. It may be summer, but school uniform style is back in session. Pleated skirts have found their way into TikTok’s fashion scene, often being paired with crop tops, blazers, and chunky sneakers. These skirts are comfy, lightweight, and perfect for an active lifestyle. For just $18, you might want to snatch a few up in your favorite colors. Move over dainty diamonds, chunky gold hoops are here to stay. TikTok, and more specifically Gen Z, takes their jewelry big, bold, and bright. These chunky gold hoop earring are made of copper, which is not only safe for sensitive ears, but also doesn’t flake off and lose color. Upgrade any outfit with your favorite pair. Form meets function with this early 2000’s inspired look from TikTok. Thank you, Emma Chamberlain. When the social media star resurrected “flared leggings,” the whole world seemed to let out a deep breath. Finally, breathable, comfortable pants with a flattering fit. Between the thick waist band and pockets for ultimate convenience, there’s no reason why you can’t splurge $30 on these trendy pants. The #PradaBucketChallenge might be over, but the budget-friendly, Amazon alternative isn’t going anywhere. From fisherman to frontline solders, DJ’s and rappers, the bucket hat has certainly made it’s rounds sitting atop a wide range of people. Now, it has become a staple accessory for the “cool kids” on Tik Tok. Protect yourself from UV’s while strutting around in this stylish ha and head to our 2022 hat roundup for more inspiration. If TikTok knows anything, its how to elevate your work from home style. If you like the idea of walking around in marshmallows, these are the shoes for you. These ultra-soft faux fur slippers will keep your toes warm and comfortable all day. To achieve the complete casual vibe, pair them with a matching workout set. Choose from 13 different colors to customize your look. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.