Controversial psychologist Jordan Peterson defended his recent tweet where he shamed a plus-sized Sports Illustrated model — even after facing significant backlash over the remarks. The Canadian doctor-turned-YouTuber quote-tweeted The Post’s story on May 16 about Sports Illustrated cover model Yumi Nu’s debut, declaring “Sorry. Not beautiful. And no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that.” Hours later, he announced his departure from the popular social media app amid criticism. Peterson, in a Thursday email to the Telegraph, stood firm by his statement, claiming the tweet “was not a mistake, nor was it the reason I left Twitter. “The use of that model, who was not athletic (remember: SPORTS Illustrated) was manipulative economically and in relation to the model herself (although she participated in her own exploitation),” he wrote. “Beauty is an ideal. Almost all of us fall short of an ideal. I am not willing to sacrifice any ideal to faux compassion. Period. And certainly not the ideal of athletic beauty.” While his account remained active, the 60-year-old said he told his staff to keep him off social media. “I told my staff to change my password, to keep me from temptation and am departing once again,” he added in an interview with the publication. “If I have something to say I’ll write an article or make a video. If the issue is not important enough to justify that then perhaps it would be best to just let it go.” The hiatus, however, was short lived. Peterson, who signed a podcast deal with conservative news outlet The Daily Wire Thursday, was suspended from Twitter this week after attacking transgender actor Eliot Page for her “sin.” Screenshots posted online show the former University of Toronto professor’s tweet in question, which reads: “Remember when pride was a sin? And Ellen Page just had her breasts removed by a criminal physician.” Twitter claimed Peterson broke Twitter the platform’s rules “against hateful conduct.” In his interview with The Telegraph, Peterson argued that while people perceive characteristics of themselves in the opposite gender, that does not mean they are “in the wrong body.” “So the idea that there is fluidity and there is overlap in gender personality is true,’ he said. “What isn’t true is that this means you’re in the wrong body, and that’s not true even a bit.”