The Mayfields have Carolina on their minds on their third wedding anniversary. Baker Mayfield was finally traded from the Browns to the Panthers on Wednesday, culminating a months-long stretch where the player and team were clearly headed for divorce. Posting on her Instagram story, Mayfield’s wife, Emily, was excited about the new destination — and the serendipitous date on which the transaction occurred. “[O]n anniversary day too,” Emily Mayfield wrote in the caption, including an eyeballs emoji and blue and white hearts. “Love to see it!” The couple got married on July 6, 2019. To commemorate the occasion, the couple is vacationing in the Bahamas this week. It has been a chaotic several months for the end of Baker Mayfield’s tenure in Cleveland. The team followed up a season in which they’d defeated the rival Steelers in the AFC Wild Card round with an 8-9 campaign, including going 6-8 in games started by Mayfield, as he struggled through a shoulder injury. Then, the Browns acquired Deshaun Watson for a bounty of draft assets, and immediately gave him a five-year, $230 million guaranteed contract, in spite of the uncertainty surrounding at least this season as they wait for the NFL’s discipline under the Personal Conduct Policy for sexual assault allegations from two dozen massage therapists. Nonetheless, Mayfield and the Browns were not going to reconcile. Mayfield felt “disrespected” over what he characterized as deceptive communication from the Browns as to whether they’d acquire Watson, and repeatedly said that both sides wanted a split. Last month, Emily Mayfield wrote an Instagram story that touted the couple’s growth amid the turbulent times. “I’m a lucky girl. It’s been a weird, difficult season of growth; but I actually wouldn’t change it for the world. I’m learning a ton about myself, focusing on self-love, and diving deeper into why I am the way I am,” she wrote. She wrote about how the couple has “put a massive emphasis” on their marriage and were “strengthening it in ways” they previously had not. “Life can be weird at times – but don’t forget to count your blessings and recognize all you have to be grateful for,” she wrote.