It might be hard to envision, but the New York Yankees are limping into the final weekend before the All-Star break with the Boston Red Sox coming to town. New York has managed to win just four of its past ten games and most recently suffered a series loss against a Cincinnati Reds team tied for the second-worst record in the National League. This will be the second meeting between the Yankees and Red Sox in as many weeks after both teams earned a split of the four-game series in Boston. However, given the Yankees’ recent form, one can’t help but wonder if the Yankees are already on holiday with the anticipation of a few days off next week. As a result, the Red Sox should be a live dog as they remain in pursuit of a wild card playoff berth. Odds provided by BetMGM Moneyline: BOS (+135) vs. NYY (-165) Spread: BOS +1.5 (+145) vs. NYY -1.5 (+120) Total: Over 8 (-115) | Under 8 (-105) Nathan Eovaldi (3.16) vs. Jordan Montgomery (3.19) Nathan Eovaldi will get the start for the visiting Red Sox as he looks to win his fourth straight decision. During that span, Eovaldi’s allowed just two earned runs in his last 20 innings of work. If there is one takeaway bettors should know about Eovaldi this season, it has to be his ability to get ahead of hitters. Eovaldi’s First Pitch Strike Rate of 68.8% is not just elite but also a career-high. Moreover, if you look at how hitters have fared against Eovaldi this season, you’ll see that he’s posting close to career highs across the board. The right-hander is generating a career-best 36.5 percent of swings outside the zone. Hitters have also made less contact (74.6 percent) against Eovaldi than at any other point in his career. Those numbers should bode well against a Yankees team he spent two seasons with before being unceremoniously released while listed on the injury report. Thus, Friday’s matchup could set up nicely for Eovaldi to exact some revenge against his former employer. The Yankees will counter with Jordan Montgomery, who carries a 3-2 record with a 3.19 ERA and a 1.02 WHIP. I must admit that I’m a bit surprised that Montgomery only has three victories despite already starting 17 games. After all, he’s on a Yankees team that leads all of baseball with 62 wins.   Nonetheless, it’s abundantly clear that most of Montgomery’s games are decided after he’s already left the game. As a result, the Yankees bullpen will likely be called upon yet again to play a critical role in this game. However, despite ranking second on the season with a 2.95 bullpen ERA (2.95), New York is 22nd with a 4.40 ERA over the past 14 days. While the Yankees might appear formidable given the number of games they’ve won, their cloak of invincibility is starting to wane. With the Red Sox possibly being the more motivated team, I like their chances to pull off the upset against their rivals at +135 or better. Red Sox ML +135 BetMGM (0.5 units)