An extreme take on the micro bikini trend has taken over Miami Swim Week. The “loincloth” bikini, a two-piece swimwear set with bottoms that resemble the ancient style of clothing, has been steadily gathering momentum the past few years. But the loincloth has officially exploded now, with numerous brands featuring the unique swimmers during the six-day runway event. However they’ve had an extreme makeover, using a much smaller section of fabric and becoming much more revealing. Australian swimwear brand VDM The Label featured multiple “loincloth” bikinis, in an array of colors including pink, blue and orange. One model strutted her stuff in a skimpy floral print loincloth and matching itsy bitsy bra, while another rocked the design with an “upside down” bikini top in a bright turquoise blue. “The collection was inspired by the beautiful Amalfi Coast”, Maddy Marchesani, the Australian brand’s designer, said. VDM The Label states on its website it is “breaking boundaries further than ever before”, by “taking new leaps and bounds” on its swimwear designs. Another brand that showcased a number of “loincloth” bikinis were LA-brand Normal Culture whose social media post featuring a model in a pink and camo print design caused a stir. “You’re kidding me,” one user wrote, as another said: “This is so intense.” Beau Swim also had a similar design that featured two straps across the hips, creating a sexy pattern on the skin. The “ethically made luxury swimwear” brand also had a one-piece which had straps crisscross across the body. Earlier in the event, Miami Swim Week 2022 spectators saw the return of duct tape bikinis. However this year, the controversial swimwear trend – created by Black Tape Project – appeared to be skimpier than ever. A parade of models wearing the sticky tape designs strutted their stuff in front of a packed audience – with one revealing on Instagram it took 12 hours to get into her “bikini”. “Second time walking for @blacktapeproject. Thank you Joel, and to the outstanding team behind all of this hard work – 12 hours taping and just 30 sec walking. It is an honor to be wearing your art,” Chanel Rivera wrote. Chanel’s swimmers were in an intricate design that just about covered her modesty, but put her entire body on full display. The black tape snaked up her left leg and around her wrists, covering her bust and crotch areas and little else. Another model’s “bikini” was equally as jaw-dropping, in a minuscule Borat-style one-piece that left little to the imagination. 