Let’s see, Tuesday night. The MLB All-Star Game or reruns of “The Andy Griffith Show”? Tough call. One episode is when Opie is accused of being transphobic. Well, another boot in the fanny from our feckless leader, Rob Manfred. The Futures Game, played Saturday in conjunction with the All-Star break and formerly seen on MLB Network, where it logically belonged, was sold by Manfred for exclusive viewing on the pay-walled Peacock streaming service. With limited viewing appeal to begin with, this event, featuring prospects, likely suffered from a diminished potential audience. But what does Manfred care? For an extra dime he’d have sold the game exclusively to the Kiamesha Lake School Board Channel. How do we explain to someone under, say, 35, what the All-Star Game used to mean to fans and players? And why would they listen, let alone care? Inevitably, greed-driven, add-two-cans-of-water, homogenized interleague play has made the All-Star Game worthless other than for players with bonus-money incentives. It’s now no more valued than the NFL’s Pro Bowl, but at near-Super Bowl ticket prices. There is no longer a rivalry between leagues, genuine rooting interests outside of MLB-certified and sold prop bets for the desperate. There is no longer the anticipation of Henry Aaron versus Whitey Ford, Mickey Mantle versus Warren Spahn or late-game heroics such as the homer the Phillies’ Johnny Callison hit off Red Sox reliever Dick “The Monster” Radatz to end the 1964 game at Shea. The All-Star Game once regularly produced a 22 or higher TV rating. Now, a 5 rating is the norm. Once, 16-20 million households annually watched, but now 6 million is the new normal. Yes, lots more stuff to watch on TV, now, but MLB’s All-Star Game was the only one among all sports that seemed to count and was worth remembering. “How could you not watch?” has become “Why would you?” The game no longer has a soul, a heart, any meaning. Consider that a sideshow novelty act, the Home Run Derby, rather than the game, has become the talk of the break. It used to be the pitchers and batters were facing each other for the first time that season, many for the entire season. The game was intriguing. Now? MLB has done what it always does. It has destroyed something that once mattered, something good. Who’da thunk it? What many had never seen before, YES allowed us to see several times Thursday. Unseen live to naked eyes — hey, put some clothes on! — the Reds’ Jonathan India singled against the Yankees the second time he hit the ball on the same swing, barely ticking it the first time. YES quickly and alertly discovered this rarity then delivered it in believe-it-or-not replays. It was also a tough-to-detect illegal occurrence, which is why it was reasonably missed by the umpires. By rule, umpires can choose to call a dead ball or an out. The only other times I’d seen balls batted into play were on broken bats, the ball “sticking” to the flaccid bat and thus able to be hit a second time. And I’d seen a ball tapped foul near the batter’s box hit again on the recoil. But this wasn’t any of that. This was a ball batted into play on the second swing at the same pitch — for a hit. If you’re scoring at home, cameraman Ray McDonough got the shot, tape operator Rich Schloman “sold the shot” to producer Troy Benjamin — surely, they hollered when they saw it — and director Mike Cooney put the tape on the air. Fabulous TV! This also was the opposite of Bugs Bunny, pitching for the 1946 Tea Totallers, striking out Gas-House Gorillas who swung and missed three times at the same pitch against Bugs’ perplexing slow ball. By the way, in case this comes up on a test, when the Statue of Liberty declared the last Gorilla out after Bugs caught a blast hit by a huge tree-trunk at the top of the Umpire State Building, Miss Liberty’s voice was that of Bea Benaderet, known for her leading role in the TV sitcom “Petticoat Junction.” Having now given his name and voice to endorse and promote a gambling operation targeting young suckers, Peter Rosenberg, panelist on Michael Kay’s ESPN Radio-NY show, has completed the triple crown for adults with no scruples. He represents the most desensitized, no-upside industries in America: 1) Designed-to-lose sports gambling, 2) Corrosive, violent, unprintably vulgar, N-wording, women-abusing, cop-hating, blood-in-the-streets rap music on his FM show, on which he’s proudly heard as obligatorily lewd. Of course, he has run from all challenges to repeat the lyrics he otherwise champions while on Kay’s show, as he abrogates the courage of his convictions in the face of forced, civilized discretion. 3) He’s a payroll employee of the sleaziest, drug-infested and often deadliest “family” entertainment in TV history, Vince McMahon and wife Linda McMahon’s WWE. Rosenberg is now regularly seen and heard as a shill in a pro wrestling series, produced by the WWE for A&E. Currently, Rosenberg has not found the time to address an exposé by The Wall Street Journal that accused Vince McMahon of paying more than $12 million to suppress allegations of his sexual misconduct toward four female employees. Same silence on two accused pedophiles in McMahon’s employ and on his watch. They’re both deceased, but Rosenberg know who they were, as does everyone within the WWE. But at 42, such is Rosenberg’s sense of broadcast professionalism. And on the air, he likes to take shots at others. And he’s very, very sensitive to criticism. Yet again, Paul O’Neill was able to identify the bad guy from his YES perch in Ohio, or wherever the heck he is, many miles from the site of the confrontation. Whenever a Yankee is ejected, O’Neill blames the umpire, despite not knowing what happened or what was said. Thursday, after Jerry Layne ejected Yankees batting coach Dillon Lawson, O’Neill determined that Layne was in the wrong, as if the umpire just felt like tossing someone as part of his cardio regimen. Michael Kay, also offering no evidence, agreed with O’Neill. It has been two weeks since Roger Goodell appointed vulgar, violence-advocating, Louis Farrakhan-acolyte and virulent anti-Semite, hateful rapper Ice Cube to stimulate the NFL’s business with black-owned enterprises. Goodell even pledged $100 million in NFL money to this hate-monger’s claimed endeavors. And still, not a word of dissent from an NFL team owner or the compliant media that grant Goodell and his malevolent rapper acts immunity from the truth. But Goodell’s and the media’s sense of justice for all is less about wrong or right and more about black or white. Unless promised $100 million, such blind pandering helps no one and hurts everyone. Yet the gutless selective silence persists. Reader Mach Draught: “First MLB entreats us to purchase MLB.TV so we can watch all those out-of-market games. Then MLB takes many of those games and resells them to [near-future or current extra-pay] streaming services. “The least Mighty Manfred could do is allow MLB.TV subscribers a free window into those streamed games [which they already paid to see]. After all, we can always count on him to give us his least.” Hey, Dom Smith. Keep your head still! Stop swinging with your head to the sky. You can’t hit what you can’t see.