What is: Not going anywhere? Current “Jeopardy!” hosts Mayim Bialik and Ken Jennings will reportedly keep their jobs as the permanent hosts of the beloved game show, according to multiple media reports. Representatives for Sony declined to comment to The Post during negotiations. Bialik will stay on to host primetime editions of the show, as well as the upcoming “Celebrity Jeopardy!” expected to come to ABC, according to Variety. Jennings, meanwhile, will also stay on so that Bialik can continue to film her Fox sitcom “Call Me Kat,” according to the Daily Mail. Sony is expected to make the official announcement as early as Wednesday, according to the latter media outlet. The rumor comes weeks after executive producer Michael Davies told Variety that they would need “multiple hosts” for the “Jeopardy!” franchise as they launch “more versions” of the show. Both Bialik, 46, and 48-year-old Jennings’ trial runs have been far from flawless. Earlier this month, producers had to intervene when Bialik wrongfully declared a contestant’s answer to be incorrect. The clue read: “From a Latin word for ‘to clock,’ it’s the type of care given to seriously ill patients to provide comfort without curing.” Contestant Andie Huskie then answered, “What is palliative care?” — pronouncing it differently. However, he then corrected his solution to “palliative care” pronounced correctly before time ran out. That wasn’t the first snafu “The Big Bang Theory” alum made, either. Meanwhile, Jennings made headlines last week for making a “painful,” crude joke. During a Double Jeopardy round, a clue for “Active Bible Verses” read: “Since no one had done this for 40 years, God told Joshua to get a knife & do this to male Israelites.” Contestant Erica Weiner-Amanchi then buzzed in and said: “What is circumcise?” The former champion then joked, “That is correct. A painful $2,000 for you!” Last month, Bialik also responded to criticism leveled at her by show fans, who felt they could critique everything from her hair and makeup to her “nerd” wardrobe. During an episode of her podcast “Bialik Breakdown,” the host seemed dismayed by the blowback she faces. “I get that a lot,” she said. Longtime, beloved “Jeopardy!” host Alex Trebek died of pancreatic cancer on Nov. 8, 2020. He hosted the show for 37 seasons.