Want to put your cute workout set to use? With athleisure wear continuing to trend, it’s pretty easy to put on a cute pair of bike shorts and a matching sports bra to run errands. If you’ve been looking for a way to rock them for the reasons they’re actually intended, it’s time to check out Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App. Yes, that Jillian Michaels, the world renowned fitness expert and life coach, has an app that gives you access to the priceless tool of having the star in your pocket. This innovative app gives you endless workout options for even the busiest schedules, and right now new customers can score a lifetime subscription for just $149.99 — 66% off the usual price. Jillian Michaels has thought of it all when it comes to this fitness app. It includes over 800 workout exercises that range from basic to advanced levels of experience, including Jillian’s extensive DVD library if you’re an OG fan of the star. You can choose between HIIT or more targeted routines, and enjoy endless customization options. Adjust the intensity level, swap moves, or even ban certain exercises from workouts to make it totally personal to your preferences. Got equipment you want to use? Select what you have to put it to good use in your workout. Hate having to look at screens during a workout? Audio-only options are available. This app doesn’t only offer workouts — there are audio-only meditations included to let you work on your mental health while you focus on fitness. And there’s even an Advanced Meal Planner System (AMP) to help you get your diet on track, too. The Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App is a Best of Award Winner and scored App of the Day on the App Store (where it also nabbed 4.7 out of 5 stars), and it picked up the Best of Award on the Google Play Store (where it boasts a 4.5 out of 5-star rating). Real-life customer Heather raved, “So many great workouts, from Jillian’s DVD library to the app workout programs and workout generator. This was an amazing price for a lifetime subscription.” Get your fitness on while having some fun with Jillian Michaels: The Fitness App. New users can score a lifetime subscription for just $149.99 for a limited time. Prices subject to change.