Bruce Springsteen fans miss the glory days of reasonably priced tickets. Floor seats to see the king on his 2023 US tour are ranging from $4,000 to $5,000 on Ticketmaster because of the service’s “dynamic pricing” system that allows for extreme inflation from high demand. Even nosebleeds are going for more than $1K as “platinum tickets,” which are simply considered seats sold throughout all sections of a venue, per the outlet. One Springsteen fan, @puffwoody, spotted tickets going for $1,125 for an upcoming Albany show, prompting a “f–k off !” tweet in response. “I’m rich and I think that’s f–king crazy,” podcast producer John Palumbo said in a video rant over the prices. The Post has reached out to Ticketmaster for comment. Almost a bigger slap in the face to these inflation-weakened customers is that Ticketmaster claims the dynamic method aims to “price tickets closer to their fair value,” an FAQ page reads. “I’m sure you won’t see this @springsteen but you or your management need to have a word with the abhorrent criminals running @Ticketmaster who are charging exorbitant amounts to see you in concert. Please listen to your fans, nobody can afford these ridiculous ticket prices,” posted @Danny_Biggane. “Dear kids, I just spent your inheritance on @springsteen tickets. Love, Mom.” tweeted @Kellylaw1216. But Bruce is only the latest artist who’s had their show blinded by the light of absurd inflation at the hands of Ticketmaster. Fans spotted that Paramore tickets for an upcoming Chicago show were billed at $8,018 and artists like Drake, Taylor Swift and Harry Styles have had their prices soar beyond reason as well. Earlier this month Drake fans had to cough up between $573 to $1,480 to see his Young Money reunion show in Canada. Harry Styles fans were irate in May when prices went above $1K and Swifties lamented in 2018 that tickets originally priced $595 were selling just below $1K. Around the time of that Taylor Swift bad blood, the dynamic pricing method was even called out by other ticket sale services. “Ticketmaster Platinum uses a dynamic pricing strategy, allowing the price of a ticket to fluctuate based on demand. They control the demand of tickets by drip-feeding these tickets out into the market, ensuring that demand is high and in-turn charging an extortionate amount!” Tweeted Vibe Tickets, a “totally free” market space to sell or buy tickets. Now, fans are calling on the acts themselves to intervene and stop this chaos. “The world should already be discussing the monopoly Ticketmaster has over events,” wrote @yesthisisross. “It’s unethical and artists need to speak out.”