DoorDash customers were celebrating on Thursday after discovering a glitch that allowed them to get their purchases for free, according to a flood of social media posts. Customers boasted about ordering free food, pricey tequila, and even contraceptives. Some posted screenshots of extravagant orders in the thousands of dollars. One man tweeted images of dozens of stratospherically priced tequilas he says he ordered during the glitch. Those included orders of Casamigos Reposado and Don Julio Reposado worth $1,673.73 and $1,949.70, respectively. Others posted memes making fun of those who made large purchases without paying — predicting that the company would seek to have those payments fulfilled. One Twitter user commented: “careful now ppl doordash out for blood.” A Doordash spokesperson confirmed the glitch and said the company was canceling fraudulent orders. “On the evening of July 7th DoorDash experienced a payment processing issue, and as a result, some users were able to check out without an authorized form of payment for a short period of time,” a DoorDash spokesperson told The Post. “We were subsequently notified that some users were placing fraudulent orders, and we immediately corrected the issue.” “We’re actively canceling fraudulent orders, and are in touch with merchants impacted to ensure they are compensated for any unauthorized orders they may have received,” the Doordash spokesperson added. “We work to ensure that we are always offering the highest quality of service to the communities we serve, and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused by this,” the company rep told The Post. Another user wondered why people were using the freebie to order fast food, writing: “y’all getting free food on DoorDash and ordering McDonald’s ?! y’all trippin.” One Twitter commented wondered why people didn’t take advantage of the glitch to tip DoorDash delivery people. “So y’all got a Doordash glitch to where you can get anything you wanted for free and nobody thought to start tipping workers $1,000+ ??” the Twitter user wrote.