He was the “king of revenge porn” — until his shocked and fed-up victims took him down. The “king” in question is Hunter Moore, the founder of the now-defunct revenge porn website IsAnyoneUp.com and whose horrific enterprise is examined — along with his victims’ desperate fight for justice — in a new three-part Netflix documentary, “The Most Hated Man on the Internet.” Moore, 36, created the site in 2010 and it allowed people allegedly hurt by relationships to post anonymous NSFW sexual content without the consent of their partners. “Me and my friends would post [photos of] a bunch of girls, and I was like, ‘Yo, I can make money of f–kin’ people over,'” he says in archival footage featured in the trailer. One interviewee in the series noted she received over 200 notifications that her photo was posted and another recalled persistently asking Moore to delete images of her. “The response that I got [from him was]: ‘LOL,'” the subject says. Charlotte Laws and her daughter Kayla — the latter falling victim to the site in 2012 when she was 24 — were interviewed in the doc about their scary experiences with Moore. Kayla had snapped private pics of herself in her bedroom and stored them on her laptop. However, a hacker broke into her digital space and stole her work — then shared them on the site. “There I was, topless. Multiple photos,” Kayla recalls. “I felt violated.” Charlotte and her daughter then underwent a two-year fight to take down Moore and his website. “He came after my daughter,” the mom says in the trailer, with Kayla chiming in: “He needed to be brought down.” In other footage, Moore was asked whether he felt sorry for the victims. His shocking response: “No. It’s just too much fun.” He didn’t seem to understand why the victims would object to the posting of their images. “I don’t know why all these people, you know, hate me,” Moore says. “I’m just making money off your nude pictures.” Charlotte, who worked as an investigator for an insurance company, explained in a recent Daily Mail story how she found Moore. Once she scored his real name, she discovered he had set up his site in Woodland, California, from the basement of his parents’ place. “He was bragging all over the internet. This sleazeball was sitting in his parents’ basement, having found he could work with a computer hacker to steal pictures of innocent girls and make money,” Charlotte told the publication earlier this month. Charlotte and her husband, a lawyer, later sent cease and desist letters to Moore in an effort to catch him; however, he just laughed in their faces. “He replied to one legal letter with a picture of his penis,” she recalled, noting he “became something of a celebrity.” Moore’s infamy grew and his site eventually hit 350,000 subscribers with 30 million monthly page views. Charlotte thought that going undercover in disguise was the only way to serve him papers, so she did. Meanwhile, she went public online with stories of how Moore destroyed her family. “At first, Kayla and my husband begged me not to get involved. They said he was dangerous and I couldn’t win,” she said. “But I was determined to bring him down.” “The Most Hated Man on the Internet” premieres on Netflix on July 27.