Tesla CEO Elon Musk will step to the podium and give the keynote address on the last day of the Sun Valley Conference in Idaho on Saturday amid newly surfaced court documents which show that he recently fathered twins with one of his executives. Musk, who is the world’s richest person with a net worth valued by Bloomberg at $214 billion, will deliver the marquee speech that is normally reserved for investment titans such as Warren Buffett. Bloomberg News is reporting that Musk will arrive at the Idaho ski resort on Thursday. It is unclear what Musk plans to tell the assembled captains of industry from the world of finance, media, and tech who gather at Sun Valley once a year for the event hosted by the New York City-based boutique investment firm Allen & Co. Musk continues to dominate news headlines. Earlier this year, he shocked the world of tech by announcing his intention to buy Twitter at $54.20 a share and take it private. Despite hiccups over the question of “bot” and spam accounts, the deal appears to be moving forward after gaining the approval of Twitter’s board of directors. On Wednesday, Insider reported that Musk fathered his eighth and ninth children with Shivon Zilis, the 36-year-old director of operations and special projects at Neuralink. The twins were born just weeks before Musk welcomed his second child with Canadian pop star Grimes (aka Claire Boucher), according to court documents cited by Insider. Exa Dark Sideræl was born via surrogate in December 2021. Musk and Grimes also share 2-year-old son X Æ A-Xii. Neuralink is Musk’s neurotechnology company that is advancing chips that will be implantable in human brains. The documents show that Musk and Zilis petitioned the court to change the twins’ names so that they would have their father’s last name while Zilis’ last name would be part of their middle name. A judge in Austin, Texas approved the request, according to Insider. Musk’s brood includes five children — Griffin, Vivian, Jenna, Kai, Saxon, and Damian — that he shares with his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson. The couple lost their first child, Nevada, who died of sudden infant death syndrome at just 10 weeks old in 2002.