After a bit of a June swoon, the New York Mets have seemingly righted the ship. Winners of four of their last five going into the break and 11 of 17 in July, the Mets are -180 favorites with Max Scherzer on the mound against the San Diego Padres on Friday night. A few weeks ago, this line would look a lot different. That’s because while the Mets have spent the last three weeks getting back on track, the Padres have gone the opposite way. On June 29, the Padres were 46-31 and just 1.5 games behind the Dodgers in the NL West. One 6-11 stretch later and San Diego finds itself 10 games back of Los Angeles in the division and looking to get back on track against the red-hot Mets and their ace. San Diego will counter with Yu Darvish, who is 8-4 with a 3.41 ERA and a 0.99 WHIP in 17 starts this season. While Darvish’s surface-level numbers are decent, his underlying metrics aren’t all that impressive. Darvish ranks in the 36th percentile in slugging percentage against, 52nd percentile in xwOBA and 53rd percentile in expected batting average. The 35-year-old still has an impressive arsenal and is a quality start machine, but he’s not pitching at the elite level we’ve seen out of Darvish in the past. It’s fair to expect Darvish to contain the Mets, but that may not be enough considering the way Scherzer is trending. After spending six weeks on the shelf, Scherzer has picked up right where he left off with three terrific outings before the break. In 19.1 innings of work, Scherzer has posted a 1.40 ERA, 0.72 WHIP and has racked up 31 strikeouts. Scherzer should have every chance to continue his hot stretch against a Padres offense that grades out as bang-average (.301 wOBA, 97wRC+)  against right-handers this season.  A month ago, this game — even with this pitching matchup — would be lined a lot tighter. But with the way these teams, and their respective starting pitchers, are trending, it makes sense to see the Mets as a decent favorite on Friday night. But rather than targeting the moneyline, it makes sense to isolate the starting pitching matchup and target the First 5 Innings market, as the Padres do boast the stronger bullpen in this tilt. With Darvish slipping towards mediocrity and Scherzer doing the opposite, backing the Mets to go into the sixth inning with a lead makes sense. Mets -0.5 F5 Innings -125 — BetMGM