Life’s just bleachy for these TikTokers. After the bleached brow look went viral — no thanks to Kendall Jenner — TikTok released a filter that makes users look like their eyebrows are blond digitally. But daring trendsetters didn’t stop at just filters. Some were inspired to actually commit to the look and bleach their brows for real. The hashtags #bleachedbrow and #bleachedeyebrows have 124.4 million views and 76.5 million views, respectively, and the stylish set has apparently decided blonds have more fun — with their eyebrows, at least. User @vanillamace, whose name appears to be Em, posted a clip of her trying out the bleached brow filter while also bleaching her hair. The video, now with 1.5 million views, details her thought process about embarking on the daring fad. “Light brow filter? Hmmmm it’s kind of nice I think?” she wrote in text for the video as she shows her face with and without the filter. “Who cares might as well,” she continued, as the clip cut to her with bleach applied to her brows. At first, she said, “No,” declaring that she didn’t like her new look, but she changed her mind once she applied makeup. Users in her comments said the look is a “slay,” while others asked how she achieved the ultimate blond brow. “Only person I’ve seen it look good on,” one person wrote. “I was scared for you at first but you rock that,” complimented another. “NO BC ITS SO GOOD ACTUALLY I JUST DID THE SAMEEE THING,” someone else excitedly wrote. The brave blond look comes after ultra-thin, 1990s brows became all the rage earlier this year among A-listers — although the fashion veterans still recovering warned against irreversible over-plucking. At least hair dye is reversible? Other TikTokers have hopped on and mulled over the trend, whether playing around with the filter or mildly entertaining the thought of bleaching their own brows. “The urge to bleach my brows every time TikTok comes out with a new light eyebrow filter,” the text read on one video posted by @zeececilia, which garnered 71,700 views. But some didn’t even pause to reconsider. TikToker @gemmagarc1a used box dye to drastically change her jet black brows to a light brown hue, while user @mikayla__matt dyed hers out of “spite” when her followers said she’d look unappealing with bleached brows after trying out the filter. For user @soda.maillet, she wasn’t so sure she’d look good with the bleached brows since the TikTok filter alters users’ facial structures. But eventually, she gave in. In a clip with over 342,100 views, she reached for a box of bleach and got to work. “I think it’s really cute,” she admitted in a follow-up video. “I think they suit my skin color nicer.” In the clips, users mostly used at-home box dye or men’s beard dye to change their brows’ hue. While beard dye is meant for the face, putting bleach in contact with fine eyebrow hairs and delicate facial skin could cause an issue. “Ingredients used to bleach the hair [that include] high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide can cause serious burns,” Michelle Henry, a New York dermatologist, told Allure in 2019. In fact, one survey conducted by King Saud University in Saudi Arabia showed that eyebrow bleaching could lead to redness, itching and scaling of the skin, which appeared in more than 50% of the participants. “If the solution is too strong, brows and hair can be damaged,” Henry also told Allure. “Significant burns can also cause permanent hair loss. Even when done appropriately, the process can dry and damage the hair, making it more prone to breakage.” But not everyone prefers blonds. User @ellajajaja made the mistake of believing she might look good with a bleached brow, but instead they ended up looking like straw. “This is your sign to NOT bleach your brows because this filter ‘looks good on you,'” the text on her TikTok warned. The reveal clip, which earned 1.6 million views, was preceded by another with nearly 368,700 views, in which she showed her new look to her friends. “Ella, they look so bad dye them back,” one girl in the video said, agreeing with the others who simply said, “No.” (Save for one person, who said she was “slaying.”) Despite users in the comments telling her to tone them to be less yellow, she caved and used men’s beard dye to turn them back to brown — yet somehow they looked better than before. “So this is my sign to bleach my eyebrows and dye them their original color? Lol,” one user commented, to which Ella said: “NO.”