Thirteen games fill out today’s Major League Baseball schedule, but three have caught the interest of expert bettors. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report sees three sides — two of which are underdogs — trigger at least three of the above signals. Without further delay, here are the report’s recommendations. There’s slight disagreement on this contest, but a majority of the signals are hitting the Reds. It’s worth noting that sharp action has come in on the Yankees, which opened as a consensus -165 favorite in the Bronx, but three of the four possible remaining signals go in the Reds direction. First, big money bettors are getting behind the Reds — as of this writing, they’ve seen only 21 percent of all bets against 52 percent of the total handle. Additionally, one Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — identifies Cincinnati. That system, which looks for teams receiving less than 35 percent of bets on a small losing streak, has a 41 percent historical winning percentage and 10 percent return on investment. Finally, one top Action Network MLB expert is backing the Reds to round out the three signals in their direction. Cincinnati Reds Moneyline (+168) — Fanduel Sportsbook These divisional foes will begin a four-game series today in Arlington and experts favor the host Rangers. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on Texas, which opened as a consensus -111 favorite but now is seeing pricing between -115 and -120. Furthermore, big money bettors are backing the Rangers as well — as of this writing, they’ve received 64 percent of all bets against 73 percent of the total handle. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are backing the Rangers, giving them three total signals in their direction. Texas Rangers Moneyline (-115) — Caesars Sportsbook  Two aces — Corbin Burnes and Carlos Rodon — will take the hill for the start of this four-game series, which sees experts favoring the Giants. We’ve tracked sharp action hitting the San Francisco moneyline, which opened at a consensus -105 price but now sits between -102 and -110. Further, big money bettors are interested in the Giants as well — as of this writing, they’ve received 51 percent of all bets against 72 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Giants, giving them three signals in their direction. San Francisco Giants Moneyline (-102) — Fanduel Sportsbook