Ethan Hawke says he’s on the final leg of his acting career. The “Training Day” star, 51, revealed he thinks he’s in the last stage of making movies in a lengthy interview with IndieWire. Hawke noted that he feels that he’s “definitely made the turn from being an old young person to being a young old person.” “I prefer this. I feel like playing John Brown in ‘The Good Lord Bird’ was that for me: the beginning of my ‘old man’ career, the beginning of my last act,” the father of four went on. Hawke starred in, created and produced the 2020 Showtime miniseries about Brown, a slavery abolitionist in the 1850s. He continued: “But it’s the beginning of it, you know? I definitely find myself looking over a filmography and thinking about which ones I could’ve cut out, because I only have so much time left. I know I only have so many movies left.” Hawke’s next project, a six-part CNN documentary series that premieres on HBO Max Thursday, is called “The Last Movie Stars” — a look at the love between and the careers of the late actors and spouses Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward. He then explained that he now has an “awareness of time” regarding his Hollywood career. “When I was younger, I was like, ‘I’ll do this, I’ll do that, that’ll be a good learning experience, and then I’ll try this’ — thinking I had all the time in the world. Now, I’m like, ‘I didn’t learn anything from that one or that one, and that one would’ve been better spent in three months with my family,'” he said. The “Great Expectations” actor also discussed his daughter Maya Hawke’s success on the Netflix hit “Stranger Things.” He dished that he’s “so proud of her” and has one episode of the latest season he’s waiting to watch. He noted: “I feel strangely connected to that show, because that whole episode with the first kid getting sucked into the Upside Down happens on what was my 13th birthday in 1983, which was the year I made ‘Explorers,’ so I’m in the universe. Also, I think Maya does a great job on it and the show’s so fun.” Brad Pitt recently revealed he also believes he’s almost at the conclusion of his career. “I consider myself on my last leg,” Pitt, 58, said in an August GQ cover story while promoting his upcoming film “Bullet Train.” “This last semester or trimester. What is this section gonna be? And how do I wanna design that?” The Oscar winner began acting at the age of 22, and he thinks he’s “one of those creatures that speaks through art.” “I just want to always make. If I’m not making, I’m dying in some way,” Pitt said.