The third-year offensive tackle is going to be under the microscope after missing last season and skipping most of the spring. Becton will be competing with George Fant for the starting left tackle spot with the loser of the competition moving to the right. Becton’s conditioning will also be a major talking point in camp. It will be interesting to see how the coaches split up the playing time in camp at left tackle. Is it evenly divided? How do they get Becton ready to play right tackle, a new position for him, if that is where he will end up? Becton says he has a chip on his shoulder. We’ll see if that is the case over the next six weeks. We always focus on the quarterback and this year is no different. The Jets added pieces to their offense, but it won’t matter if Wilson does not progress. He had an up-and-down spring and every pass he throws in camp will be scrutinized. Wilson needs to make a big leap in Year 2 if the Jets have any hopes of being playoff contenders. Wilson showed he could make dynamic plays last season. He now needs to show he can operate within the offense and make the easy throws. The Jets’ biggest loss last season was when Lawson ruptured his Achilles’ tendon in training camp. Lawson is expected to return in camp, perhaps not immediately. When he does get back on the field, it will be interesting to see how quickly he can shake off the rust and if he can recapture the form he showed before the injury last year. Lawson could lift the entire defense, which ranked dead last in the NFL last season, if he can be an effective pass rusher. The Jets have not had a strong edge rusher since John Abraham in 2005. They are long overdue for one, and Lawson could be that guy. The No. 4 overall pick should be a Day 1 starter, but the coaching staff might make him prove himself early in camp. In the spring, he was not with the starters until injuries forced him onto the first team. Gardner can be a major player on the defense, but sometimes it takes time with rookies. The coaches will be trying to prepare Gardner for playing in the NFL. A point of emphasis will be avoiding grabbing receivers. During the spring, he wore big mittens at times to prevent him from grabbing. Gardner is also going to have to prove he can be a zone corner, something that is a must in the Jets system. The second-year receiver missed most of training camp last year. It is critical that he stays healthy this year and develops better chemistry with Wilson. Moore had better production last year with the quarterbacks who replaced an injured Wilson. There were moments last year when Moore looked like a superstar in the making. The Jets need to see more of it this season, and it starts in camp and working closely with Wilson. The Jets have some talent at wide receiver, and roles will be figured out in training camp. Moore is capable of playing both inside and outside.