Don’t let the rising jet fuel costs deter your vacation plans — summer is the perfect time to plan your great escape. If you have an exotic location on your travel bucket list, you can save big on this bundle that lets you learn the native language ahead of time, master perfect travel photo skills, and pay less for your flight. Right now during the 4th of July sale, you can score 20% off orders of $100 or more with code JULY20 up until July 5th, making The World Traveler Bundle just $159.20 for a limited time. Get ready to be a jetsetter with help from The World Traveler Bundle, which gives you all the tools to prep and save on your next getaway. First, make sure you can speak the lingo with Rosetta Stone. Theis award-winning software helps you speak a second (or third… or fourth!) language easily, as you can learn on your own time with this lifetime subscription. Its TruAccent speech-recognition technology even helps you with your accent so you sound like a local. And with backing from NASA, Calvin Klein and TripAdvisor, who have all trusted Rosetta Stone for 27 years, and PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award for best language-learning software five years in a row, you know you’re in good hands. Once you’re skilled in a foreign tongue, it’s time to head to a foreign land! Matt’s Flights can help with that, as they assist people with saving up to 90% off their domestic and international flights every day. A three-year subscription to this game-changing service is included, providing you with tips on the cheapest flights. Provide info on your chosen airports and you’ll receive the deals straight to your inbox, letting you travel for a fraction of the cost. Matt’s Flights has been featured on The New York Times, Thrillist, The Hustle and Kind Traveler. Finally, get even more travel hacks and tips with The Complete 2021 Travel Hacker Bundle. This online course is packed with 13 hours of content that will teach you to take better travel photos, travel the world for cheaper, and even move abroad… just in case you fall in love with your destination! Ready to take off? Make sure you’re saving big on flights and arriving ready to mingle and have some fun with The World Traveler Bundle, just $159.20 now through July 5 with code JULY20. Prices subject to change.