Former Trump White House adviser Kellyanne Conway has said that Donald Trump should keep his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, far away from the campaign trail if Trump makes another presidential run in 2024 — and accused Kushner of profiting “handsomely” from his four years in the West Wing. Conway, who helmed the 45th president’s successful 2016 White House run, mocked reports that Kushner has said he is through with politics, calling that statement a “convenient way of saying, ‘Don’t hold me responsible for all the authority I gave myself.'” “It’s become incredibly convenient for Jared to not be given responsibility for that 2020 debacle of a campaign, to not take responsibility for, frankly, not being there for his father-in-law now the way that he insisted on being there for five straight years until things didn’t really work out,” Conway said in an interview with the Washington Times published Wednesday. Conway, who also trashed Kushner in her recent memoir “Here’s the Deal,” added: “There’s nobody who’s profited more handsomely from Donald Trump’s presidency than Jared Kushner,” referring to reports that the Saudi government invested $2 billion in the private equity firm Kushner started after leaving government service. Conway, a longtime Republican campaign operative, ​went on to predict that Trump would be “unstoppable” if he runs for a second non-consecutive term in 2024 — even if he is challenged by Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis in the GOP primaries. The 45th president, who Conway said is “frustrated” by President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris, could launch a campaign based around the message, “I can do it because I already did it,” she said. “People understood exactly why he was running [in 2016] and what they would get,” Conway suggested. “A combination of vintage Trump with those amazing accomplishments in 2020, he can be unstoppable in 2024​.” DeSantis, who currently appears to be Trump’s strongest potential opponent, has made waves as governor of Florida but is untested on the national stage. “He obviously is highly favored by donors and grassroots. But I will say this: I love the donors. They’re very successful people in life. They’re often wrong about who’s next. People say, ​’​I want DeSantis,​’ and they don’t know him that well​,” Conway said. ”And they have to realize that whether it’s DeSantis or Joe Blow or Donald Trump ​… if you have an ​’​R​’ after your name, they’re coming for you.”