This baaa-utiful homestead has “goat” it all! A 9,550-square-foot California estate is set on land uniquely landscaped not by human hands, but by a fleet of horned mammals. Yes, goats. The Rancho Santa Fe compound, not to mention the tooth-trimmed land it stands on, will list Monday for $7.69 million. “The property sits beautifully on a four-acre paradise of citrus groves and tropical greens with plenty of sun-filled vistas to gather, play and rest — truly embodying resort-style living,” Douglas Elliman listing agent Raquel Benguiat told The Post. “The current owners have been goatscaping for a few years to maintain the grounds; one can spend all day watching the goats, they are so much fun!” The six-bedroom, seven-bathroom mansion has all the goat necessities in place to maintain a small flock of environmentally friendly gardeners, who efficiently and inexpensively help clear hazardous dry brush while fertilizing the soil. The goats, however, are sold separately. (The current owners are open to selling their 15-head herd.) Inside, amenities include a library, a game room, a bar and a wine cellar. In addition to the lush, livestock-maintained grounds, the address, at 6655 Primero Izquierdo, also comes with its own tennis court, a heated pool, a sauna, an outdoor kitchen and a detached guest house. It is located within a guard-gated community in close proximity to a number of beaches, golf courses and equestrian centers. Using goats as lawnmowers has become more mainstream in recent years, with many municipal governments and park-related programs utilizing the furry critters to help clean up overgrowth. “Grazing goats are a greener, cheaper and very effective way of landscaping,” Nassau County Executive Laura Curran declared in a press release about the community’s Goats on the Go program in 2020. When Ann Arbor, Mich., decided to outsource the toil of weeding to the four-legged creatures, it didn’t simply contract them like it might with human labor, but held a “goat open house” so residents could meet the hardworking billies themselves.