As rioters swarmed the Capitol building on Jan. 6, 2021 and aides begged Donald Trump to help stop the violence, the then-commander-in-chief barely lifted a finger except to call Republican senators and his lawyer, Rudy Giuliani to try and figure out how to prevent the certification of Joe Biden’s election victory. In their eighth and final public hearing this summer, the House select committee investigating the Capitol riot sought to reconstruct Trump’s activities — or lack thereof — over a 187-minute period between the end of his speech at a rally near the White House at 1:10 p.m. and a begrudging video message telling his supporters: “You have to go home now” at 4:17 p.m. The action was narrated by committee members Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.) and Elaine Lauria (D-Va.), who revealed that Trump was told immediately after returning to the White House from his “Stop the Steal” event that clashes were taking place a short distance down Pennsylvania Avenue. “Within 15 minutes of leaving the stage, President Trump knew that the Capitol was besieged and under attack,” Luria said, adding: “At 1:25, President Trump went to the private dining room off the Oval Office. From 1:25 until 4:00, the president stayed in his dining room … The TV was tuned to Fox News all afternoon.” “Other witnesses confirmed that President Trump was in the dining room with the TV on for more than two and a half hours,” she went on. “There was no official record of what President Trump did while in the dining room.” The narrative was interspersed with footage of violence at the Capitol that was being beamed around the world on cable news channels. The lawmakers noted that the official White House record shows no calls were made by Trump between 11:06 a.m. and 6:54 p.m., a gap that was contradicted by Trump’s former press secretary, Kayleigh McEnany, and Sen. Tommy Tuberville (R-Ala.), who recalled in February 2021 that he had briefly spoken with Trump before cutting the call short so he could leave the Senate chamber as the rioters approached. “He wanted a list of the senators, and, you know, I left him at that point,” McEnany recalled. Luria then noted that Trump called Giuliani at 1:39 p.m. Ten minutes later, the lawmaker added, “as the DC police at the same time were declaring a riot at the Capitol … [Trump] tweeted out a link to the recording of his Ellipse speech. This was the same speech in which he knowingly sent an armed mob to the Capitol. But President Trump made no comment about the lawlessness and the violence.” Trump called Giuliani again at 2:03 p.m., ten minutes before rioters broke into the Capitol building itself. While the president appeared absorbed by the action, former White House Counsel Pat Cipollone described in a recent taped deposition that was played at the hearing that an array of White House officials implored him to call for an end to the mob violence immediately. “I said people need to be told — there needs to be a public announcement fast that they need to leave the Capitol,” Cipollone said. “Just to be clear, many people suggested it. Not just me. Many people felt the same way. I’m sure I had conversations with [the-White House chief of staff] Mark [Meadows] about this during the course of the day and expressed my opinion very forcefully.” When asked by committee vice chair Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.) during the deposition if Trump was among those White House officials who wanted rioters out of the Capitol, Cipollone pointedly declined to say yes or no. Former Trump deputy national security adviser Matthew Pottinger, who testified in person Thursday night, said he decided to resign upon seeing a 2:24 p.m. tweet from Trump slamming Vice President Mike Pence for lacking the “courage” to reject swing-state electors for Biden while presiding over the counting of the Electoral College results. Former Trump White House spokeswoman Sarah Matthews, who also testified in person, said that she was told Trump only begrudgingly issued a tweet at 2:38 p.m., well after the violence began, urging his supporters to “Stay peaceful!“ Matthews said that McEnany returned to the press offices in the West Wing after Trump issued the tweet and whispered that the president wasn’t eager to send it. “[McEnany] looked directly at me and in a hushed tone shared with me that the president did not want to include any sort of mention of peace in that tweet, and that it took some convincing on their part,” Matthews said. “And she said that there was a back and forth going over different phrases to find something that he was comfortable with. And it wasn’t until Ivanka Trump suggested the phrase ‘stay peaceful’ that he finally agreed to include it.” During this time, the job of keeping the government going fell to Pence, who was initially whisked to an office right off the Senate floor, then to a more secure location to wait out the riot. “Vice President Pence was very candid,” recalled Gen. Mark Milley, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “He issued explicit, direct, unambiguous orders. There is no question about that … He was very animated, direct, firm. ‘Get the military down here,’ ‘Get the Guard down here,’ etc.” The committee also played video of congressional leaders speaking to then-acting Defense Secretary Christopher Miller at around 4:45 p.m. about bringing Congress back into session that night after the building was cleared. “We’re not gonna let these people keep us from finishing our business,” said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). “So we need you to get the building cleared, give us the okay, so we can go back in session and finish up the people’s business as soon as possible.” “Amen, sir,” Miller responded. In addition to Trump’s “off-the-cuff” video statement from 4:17 p.m. that one press aide, Judd Deere, described as the “absolute bare minimum of what could have been said at that point,” the hearing also highlighted Trump’s tweet from 6:01 p.m. that appeared to glorify the violence as it subsided. That Trump tweet said, “These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long. Go home with love & in peace. Remember this day forever!” One of Trump’s closest West Wing aides, body man Nick Luna, said in a deposition played at the hearing that Trump sought his advice on the tweet, which Twitter ended up citing to suspend his account. “He said, ‘What do you think of this?'” Luna recounted. “And I believe I saw the [draft tweet] on his phone and I remember saying to him that the wording on the first sentence — I guess it’s one long sentence — but the wording on the first sentence would lead some to believe that potentially he had something to do with the events that happened at the Capitol.” According to Luna, he thought “the phrase, ‘These are the things that happen,’ to me sounded as if culpability was associated with it.” Luna said, “I don’t recall him saying anything in response to that” and that Trump then sent the tweet without changes. An anonymous former White House security officer, meanwhile, said in a deposition cited during the hearing that Trump, upon leaving the West Wing at around 6:30 p.m., after the riot was quelled, told an aide, “Mike Pence let me down,” rather than offer any remark on the violence. That same former worker, whose name was withheld by committee staff, said that White House security personnel had been horrified at Trump’s desire to join the mob marching on the Capitol. He said there was a consensus that Trump joining the crowd would have transformed a “democratic” rally into an “insurrection” or “coup.” While Trump retired for the evening, Giuliani continued to work the phones, calling a group of pro-Trump Republicans that included Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio, and Sens. Marsha Blackburn and Bill Hagerty of Tennessee, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Josh Hawley of Missouri, Ted Cruz of Texas, and Tuberville. “Senator Tuberville, or I should say Coach Tuberville, this is Rudy Giuliani, the president’s lawyer,” the former New York mayor began a voice mail at 7:02 p.m. “I am calling you because I want to discuss with you how they are trying to rush this hearing and how we need you, our Republican friends, to try to just slow it down so we can get these [state] legislatures to get more information to you.” Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.), the committee’s chairman, opened the hearing by claiming three times that the pro-Trump mob was “heavily armed” — despite the fact that none of them used guns during the riot. That point was not further supported by evidence during the proceedings. Thompson also slammed Trump for not moving to end the violence immediately. “He could not be moved to rise from his dining room table and walk the few steps down to the White House hallway into the press briefing room, where cameras were anxiously and desperately waiting to carry his message to the armed and violent mob savagely beating and killing law enforcement officers,” he said. Trump’s Save America PAC responded to the Thursday hearing on Twitter, pointing out that Matthews wrote a glowing tweet about her tenure in the Trump White House two weeks after the riot. “The sham J6 committee’s witness tonight was apparently so horrified by January 6th that she posted this on January 20th?” the PAC wrote, quote-tweeting Matthews’ Jan. 20 tweet that said, “Thank you President Trump and Vice President Pence for your service to the American people. It was the greatest honor and privilege of my life to serve this great nation.” During the hearing, Trump posted on Truth Social: “Mike Pence told me, and everybody else, there was nothing he could do about the Electoral Vote Count — it was etched in stone. But if so, how come the Democrats and RINOs are working so hard to make sure there is nothing a VP can do,” a reference to efforts in Congress to reform the Electoral Count Act. “This was a major event,” Trump added,” because everybody ganged up and said Mike had choice, he could not send the slates back to the States (which is all I suggested he do) for possible retabulation and correction based on largescale [sic] Voter Fraud and Irregularities.”