CINCINNATI — Forty-seven days have passed since Max Scherzer last threw a pitch for the Mets. It’s a layoff he still hasn’t completely comprehended. But at least it will conclude Tuesday, when the Mets plan to remove Scherzer from the injured list to pitch against the Reds at Great American Ball Park. “It sucked,” said Scherzer, who departed his May 18 start with a left oblique strain. “I had never done that in my career, so I want to be out there competing with the guys, especially when we are playing good baseball. I am happy for the success everybody is having and I just want to go out there and do my thing and be part of the winning as well.” Scherzer’s return is Step 1 in the Mets’ rotation becoming whole. The second would be the re-emergence of Jacob deGrom, who threw 24 pitches over 1 ²/₃ innings Sunday at Single-A St. Lucie in his first minor league rehab start since beginning the season on the IL with a stress reaction on his right scapula. Scherzer, 37, was anchoring the Mets staff at 5-1 with a 2.54 ERA in eight starts before the oblique injury. “You try to disconnect yourself from the narratives as much as you can,” Scherzer said, when asked about returning with deGrom to lift the team. “Our job is to go out there and just play as well as we can, so my job is just to go out there and pitch. I can’t control everything else, because if you start getting caught up in hoopla, you get caught up in hoopla. You go out there and do your job and the hoopla takes care of itself.” Francisco Lindor told The Post last month that Scherzer and deGrom can’t be viewed as saviors for the Mets. Reminded of that statement on the eve of Scherzer’s return, the shortstop stood by his previous comments. “One player is not going to make the team,” Lindor said. “It’s not fair for them to come off an injury and make them be the saviors. They’re not. It’s just that simple. Max is going to pitch maybe 15 more starts the rest of the year and he is not going to go 15-0, and if he does incredible. He can come [Tuesday] and throw a no-hitter, but if we don’t get a hit and score a run we are going to lose the game or just tie the game. “I am happy that he is back. I am happy that he is healthy and I am looking forward to being behind him.” Buck Showalter joked that it seemed like Scherzer had been back for a while, given the amount of time he’s spent around the team lately. What will it mean that Scherzer is again joining the rotation? “Let’s throw out how effectively he pitches,” Showalter said. “I think just to have another piece of your team back. I think it’s kind of an emotional lift for everybody. Max, it seems like he’s been active for a while because he has been so involved in the team in a positive way.” Scherzer’s comeback tour consisted of two rehab appearances for Double-A Binghamton, where he built up to 80 pitches. That progression has left him in position to pitch a full start for the Mets on Tuesday. Scherzer left a positive impression during his minor league tour by spending $7,000 on steak and lobster for the Binghamton players. An added gift was earbuds for each player. “I have got to give credit to my wife [Erica],” Scherzer said. “I know going down there you get the food, but my wife was the one who got the earbuds. That was her idea, so she gets credit for that.”