Pulse-pounding video shows the moment a man fleeing cops jumped from elevated Brooklyn subway tracks onto the roof of a building across the street — while bystanders below begged him not to make the dangerous leap. Kendall Floyd, 25, was cruising around Williamsburg Wednesday afternoon when cops spotted him driving without a seatbelt and pulled him over, authorities said. But as officers conducted the car stop at Humboldt and Debevoise streets around 4:10 p.m., Floyd suddenly flung his car door open, striking a cop in the arm, and bolted. Police managed to catch up to him again about three blocks away but he still refused to surrender. The slippery motorist then scrambled up a stanchion pole onto elevated subway tracks near the Flushing Avenue station, police said. The unnerving footage, posted to Twitter late Wednesday, begins with Floyd standing just outside the track area, hunching over and adjusting his footing — as people gathered below yelling, “Don’t do it, man! It’s not worth it!” Floyd then suddenly takes the plunge, jumping “a great distance” onto the roof of a commercial building across the street, according to cops and the shocking footage. Several cops then take off running around the corner towards a chain-link fence blocking off the area behind the building where Floyd landed. One of the cops scales the fence while the others stay back, the clip shows. Another cop is shown pulling what appears to be a wooden frame from a pile on the ground and propping it up against the fence before the clip cuts out. Floyd, who suffered a leg injury after the dramatic plunge, was arrested by the officers, cops said. He was charged with assault on a police officer, reckless endangerment, official misconduct, false personation, two counts of criminal trespass, disorderly conduct and a seatbelt violation, according to police. Floyd, of Queens, was taken to Woodhull Medical Center in stable condition, authorities said. The officer hurt during the initial car stop went to the Brooklyn Hospital Center to be checked out, cops said.