Layer on that sunscreen, pack that cooler and set up that umbrella. Why? Because we’re heading to the beach! You have everything you need, including that new swimsuit, comfortable beach chair and heavy-duty sand wagon. Except, you’re missing one thing: a perfectly practical (and stylish) beach towel. The thing is, towels themselves aren’t difficult to come across. You could just use a bath towel and call it a day. However, if you’d rather have a towel that’s long enough for you to lay on, comfortable enough to place on the ground and stylish enough to make a statement, then you’re going to want to opt for an authentic beach towel. Below, we list our favorite finds ranging in size, designs, colors and price points. Happy beach going! Measuring 34 inches by 70 inches, this Brooklinen oversized beach towel is ideal for the beach, pool and back. Featuring thick absorbent terry on the back and super soft velour on the front, you’ll fall in love with it. Full of bright, vibrant colors and a fun pair of lips smacked on the front, and this Disco Shag towel is as trendy as it is practical. Its 35-inch by 70-inch size makes it great for lounging, while the lined tassels keep it exciting. Enjoy a pack of four beach towels exploding with color. Each measures 30 inches by 60 inches and delivers soft, quick drying technology and a fun stripe design. At only $12, this Target beach towel is made with 100% cotton and is soft to the touch. We also can’t get enough of the palm pattern and intricate design. Now, you can have your very own custom beach towel. Monogram it with your initials or add something creative. The choice is up to you. If the above design isn’t for you, explore all Zazzle options here. Kids deserve to have a decorative summer beach towel too, so why not opt for this Mainstays option? Adorned with adorable sprinkles and in a cotton-candy pink color, they’re sure to use it all season long. This Weezie luxury towel is perfectly oversized and plush. Best of all, it’s cut close, meaning it picks up minimal sand. You can also personalize for an extra $15 using various fonts and up to three characters. A customer favorite, this absorbent beach towel is fade-resistant, quick drying and soft to lay on. But it gets better. You can even monogram it with up to 10 characters. A beach towel disguised as a blanket? Sign us up. It’s massive, colorful and best of all, two people can comfortably fit on top of it. It also comes with its very own carrying strap. This oversized Turkish beach towel isn’t just trendy, but it also comes in a travel bag ideal for storage an on-the-go moments. Choose from an array of different colors such as pink, teal, red and more. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.