In a season in which they did almost everything right in the first half, the Yankees are finding out how the other half lives. The Yankees rallied in the bottom of the ninth Friday night to force their third straight extra-inning game, but then failed to score the winning run with the bases loaded in both the ninth and 10th innings before losing to the Red Sox, 5-4, in 11 innings in The Bronx. They have lost five of six games, including their last three games against Boston. “A little adversity never hurt anybody,’’ Jose Trevino said. “We’ll be fine.” Xander Bogaerts, the automatic runner, scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch with two outs in the top of the 11th. Michael King retired the first two batters he faced in the 11th, with Bogaerts advancing to third on a fly out by Alex Verdugo. King, however, then bounced a pitch to Christian Vazquez and the ball rebounded too far away from Trevino as an alert Bogaerts raced home to score. “I could have kept it closer,’’ Trevino said of the play. “He made a great read on it.” Then, the Yankees couldn’t do anything against Ryan Brasier in the bottom of the 11th inning. While the wild pitch cost the Yankees, so did the fact they went 2-for-15 with runners in scoring position. The Yankees scored a run in the bottom of the ninth thanks to some sloppy fielding by the Red Sox after manager Aaron Boone was tossed for arguing a called strike to Matt Carpenter. They had the bases loaded and no one out after that, but couldn’t come up with the game-winning run as Trevino grounded into a double play and DJ LeMahieu was out on a comebacker. The Yankees loaded the bases again in the 10th with one out, but Gleyber Torres grounded into a double play to waste another opportunity. “We should have won that game,’’ Boone said. “We had our chances and couldn’t break through. It’s frustrating. … We’ll try to close out this half way the way we’re capable of.” Boone was ejected by home plate umpire D.J. Reyburn in the ninth inning, frustrated by what he believed were missed calls to several of his hitters, including Carpenter and Aaron Judge. “It’s part of the game,’’ Judge said of the questionable ball-strike calls. “It gets frustrating in big situations, swinging the count a little bit.” At most other points of this season, the Yankees would have shaken off the calls and either Trevino or LeMahieu would have ended it in the ninth or Torres would have come through an inning later. Still, even with the slipup of the past week, the Yankees have a 12-game lead over the second-place Rays and a little more than two weeks left before the Aug. 2 trade deadline to address any needs they feel they have. “It’s not like we’re playing bad,’’ starter Jordan Montgomery said. Montgomery isn’t wrong: Four of the Yankees’ five losses during their 1-5 stretch were by one run. Facing Nathan Eovaldi — making his first start in more than a month after suffering lower back inflammation — and a Red Sox team that had just been swept by the Rays, the Yankees got one big swing from Giancarlo Stanton and little else. Montgomery gave up three runs in six innings, survived a grueling first inning in which he gave up two runs, left two on and needed 31 pitches to get through. The Yankees played from behind early, as Rafael Devers continued to torment them, hitting a two-run homer off Montgomery in the first. In the third, LeMahieu singled with one out and, after Judge flied to center, Anthony Rizzo worked a walk after falling behind 0-2. Stanton followed by hammering a three-run homer into the right field seats to make it 3-2. Montgomery, who retired 10 straight, gave the lead back by allowing a solo shot to Vazquez in the fourth, but made it through six innings with the game knotted at 3-3. That changed in the seventh, when Aroldis Chapman replaced Montgomery and gave up a leadoff homer to Bobby Dalbec.