As summer winds down, there’s more time to dive in to all the shows we’ve been waiting for. Or, If you’re anything like us, maybe you already binged most of the titles on your platform. From July 5-13, Amazon Prime Video members can now choose to add more channels to their list for only 99 cents for up to two months. On top of that, Prime Members will also have exclusive access to discounted movies for rent and purchase. Kiss cable goodbye and avoid downloading extra apps. With Prime video channels and Prime movies, you can add more content to your Prime account and have it all in one place. Check out our playbook for taking advantage of this limited-time deal while it lasts. Whether you have an unhealthy obsession with history, or need some drama to escape your own life, Prime has you covered. This limited-time deal gives you over 18 channels to choose from, such as STARZ, Showtime, AMC+, Paramount+, Discovery+, Acorn TV, Hallmark Movies Now, PBS Masterpiece and more. If you like to feel like you’re living amongst the characters in your favorite show, then Starz is for you. The channel boasts a wide range of popular dramas, from historical fiction that takes you through three centuries like “Outlander”, to modern takes on the trials and tribulations of running a strip club in “P-Valley.” For crime and sci-fi fanatics, adding Showtime to your programming may be the best call. Gear up for season two of “Your Honor” and watch Golden Globe nominee, Bryan Cranston, navigate conspiracies and coverups after his son is involved in a hit and run that embroils an organized crime family. For the ultimate educational entertainment package, tag PBS Masterpiece, PBS Documentaries, and PBS Kids on to your Prime account. Dive into Ken Burn’s four-hour documentary on “Benjamin Franklin,” watch the Queen reign in “Victoria,” or keep your kids busy with “Arthur,” “Sid the Science Kid,” and even blast to the past like “Zaboomafoo.” If you like your tears served with a side of laughter, then consider tuning on a heartwarming rom-com with the Hallmark Movies Channel. It doesn’t have to be December to enjoy a classic like “Christmas in July,” or immerse yourself in a drama like “When Calls the Heart.” For just $1.99 for rentals, get the entire family together to watch feel-good favorites like “Minions,” “Pitch Perfect,” or “Despicable Me 3.” These titles usually rent for double the price, so this is the best time to add them to your watchlist. Craving something by Clint Eastwood? Whether it’s the intense action, compelling plot line, or Bradley Cooper himself is the selling point, you can’t go wrong with “American Sniper.” For just $1.99, find your heart racing as U.S Navy SEAL, Chris Kyle, is faced with life-altering decisions on the battlefield in Iraq. For just one week, you control the plot. Now is your chance to swoop up this deal, and maybe you will also decide to upgrade your smart TV, or set up that outdoor theater you’ve been dreaming of to elevate your entire streaming experience. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.