Republicans are accusing Gov. Kathy Hochul’s campaign of encouraging people to “stalk” and incite hatred of GOP opponent Lee Zeldin — just hours before the Long Island congressman was attacked on stage during a Rochester-area event Thursday night. “The Hochul campaign is encouraging people to stalk Lee Zeldin. This is what the liberals have done to our Supreme Court justices,” said Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman. “It’s wrong. Kathy Hochul should have known better.” State Republican Party spokesperson Jessica Proud said, “The Hochul campaign’s rhetoric was incendiary and over the top. They ginned this up.” They referred to a media release the Hochul campaign put out early Thursday, headlined: “’Big Lie’ Lee Kicks Off Statewide ‘MAGA Republican’ Bus Tour. Joined by Far-Right Extremists, ‘Rolex’ Rob Astorino, and Trump’s Chick-fil-A runner Andrew Giuliani.” The spoof pointed out the date and times of Zeldin’s events to RSVP, including one “to hear Zeldin’s plans to put more guns on our streets and in our communities, ensuring New Yorkers are less safe.” The Hochul release also said voters should RSVP to a Sunday event to hear Zeldin “discuss his enduring loyalty to Donald Trump, his hard-fought efforts against Trump’s impeachment, his vote against certifying the 2020 presidential election results, and his refusal to support an investigation into the January 6 insurrection.” The Hochul campaign had no immediate comment. But Hochul, in a statement on Twitter Thursday night, said, “My team has informed me about the incident at Lee Zeldin’s campaign event tonight. Relieved to hear that Congressman Zeldin was not injured and that the suspect is in custody. “I condemn this violent behavior in the strongest terms possible — it has no place in New York.” Meanwhile, the Republican minority leaders in the state Senate and Assembly are calling for a special session of the legislature to scrap New York’s controversial “cashless bail law” — which removes judges’ discretion to set bail and detain defendants for many crimes — in light of the Zeldin attack suspect’s quick release. “If they actually care about the safety of all New Yorkers, they [Democrats] should be calling a special session to address the violent criminals breaking our laws. Last night, in just one evening, we tragically lost a Rochester police officer in the line of duty and there was a violent attack on Congressman Lee Zeldin,” said state Senate Minority Leader Robert Ortt. Said Assembly Minority Leader Will Barclay, “When you consider major crimes in New York City are up nearly 40% this year, there is no doubt — New Yorkers are not safe. I am calling on Gov. Kathy Hochul to convene a special session to take up measures that will hold menacing criminals responsible and repeal bail reform once and for all. There is no other way to stop this unprecedented and unsustainable surge in violence sweeping across our state.” Lawmakers twice tightened up the bail law — earlier this year and in 2020 — following public outcry that defendants who were released instead of detained pending trial committed more crimes. The amendments give judges the discretion to set bail and detain defendants who are serial convicts or for prior use of firearms, or are involved in hate crimes. At the request of Hochul, the legislature went into special session earlier this month to pass laws tightening gun restrictions following a US Supreme Court ruling that tossed out New York’s law prohibiting the carrying of concealed weapons. Republicans and conservatives particularly slammed the “catch and release” of the man who allegedly attacked Zeldin at a campaign event Thursday night. “Only in New York can individuals assault a federal official and be released a few hours later … this is exactly why Lee should be elected in November; to crack down on crime and save our state,” said Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY), who represents Staten Island and Brooklyn. State Conservative Party chairman Gerard Kassar, a Zeldin backer, said: “Only in New York can someone attack a sitting congressman with a weapon and be back out on the street within hours. But that’s the state we live in under Governor Kathy Hochul and reckless, one-party Democrat rule.” Blakeman, the Nassau County executive, said, “This guy goes on stage and attacks a sitting US congressman running for the state’s highest office and he’s released because of cashless bail. It’s insane.” State Sen. George Borrello (R-Jamestown) said he was “relieved” that Zeldin and others weren’t seriously injured. But Borrello added that “thousands of innocent New Yorkers who have been victimized thanks to One Party Rule’s reckless criminal justice ‘reforms’ haven’t been as fortunate. Revolving door justice is putting us all at risk and must end if public safety is to be restored.” Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers) and Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx) had no immediate comment.