We’ve broken down our statistical modeling strategy for the 3M Open, meaning it’s now time to make some picks! We begin, as always, with the derivative selections. This week, I’ve identified three players to finish in the top-20 as my preferred bets based on a combination of the modeling and course history. Additionally, I tried to target players that either a) didn’t play in the Open Championship or b) saw an early exit from St. Andrew’s. Plus, in all three cases, I see an implied probability edge giving bettors good value with these selections. Without further delay, here are my favorite derivatives for the 3M Open. All odds come courtesy of FanDuel Sportsbook and are reflective at time of writing. Riley has never featured at the 3M Open, but his statistical profile leads me to believe he’ll have success this week. Riley ranks first overall in my 24-round model and sits second in SG: Total, dating back to April 27th. Plus, Riley has made seven consecutive cuts since the Mexico Open and posted five top-20 finishes in that span. He was most impressively tied for 13th at the PGA Championship and the Memorial. In terms of the statistical model, there’s really only one big concern with Riley (100th in putting from 10 to 15 feet). Otherwise, he rates out very well in a number of key categories. For example, he’s 19th in good drives gained, third in strokes-gained: approach, and fifth in both birdies or better gained and bogey avoidance. Riley also ranks first in the field over his last 24 rounds in Par 4 Efficiency and makes up for his poor putting metric by the fact he’s fourth in putting from five to 10 feet. Lastly, even though he’s never played this particular course, Riley has a great track record at correlated courses. He was second this past March at the Valspar, which features the third-most correlated course to TPC Twin Cities. Additionally, the aforementioned T-13th at the Memorial came at the 12th-most correlated course to this week’s track. For all those reasons, take Riley at +105 or better for a top-20 finish. Recent results have been mixed for Hadwin, who has two top-20 finishes in his last five events. However, I believe this is an excellent buy-low spot at one of Hadwin’s best courses. Although the Canadian ranks 21st in my 12-round projection, he’s much better as you increase the sample size. For reference, he’s third overall in my both 50- and 75-round models. Plus, in two starts at the 3M Open, Hadwin owns two top-10 finishes. In terms of the 50-round model (his best-combined output), Hadwin rates out very high in a number of critical categories. Although he’s only 35th in good drives gained across that span, Hadwin is 14th in SG: Approach, 10th in GIRs gained, 13th in birdies or better gained, and 14th in bogey avoidance. He’s also 11th in Par 4 Efficiency and sits sixth overall in proximity between 175 and 200 yards. Further, in terms of each player’s last eight rounds at TPC Twin Cities, Hadwin leads the field in SG: Total. He also sits third in SG: Ball Striking and first in SG: Putting over that span. Add in that some of Hadwin’s best results this season have come at correlated courses — 18th at the Memorial, seventh at the Valspar, ninth at the PLAYERS — and I believe he’s primed for a good week. Play Hadwin in this market at +115 or better. Poston missed the cut at St. Andrew’s after winning the John Deere, but should have a much better week at TPC Twin Cities. Poston was a bit of a boom/bust candidate in his six events before the Open Championship. However, his three-best outputs in that span — first at the John Deere, second at the Travelers, and ninth at the Wells Fargo — all came at courses that are among the 10-highest correlative tracks with TPC Twin Cities. Additionally, in his first showing at the 3M Open last year, Poston registered a respectable tied for the 28th finish. However, that was primarily the result of a Saturday 76 (+5). Otherwise, he had two 66’s to pair with an opening-round 69 that leaves me believing he’ll perform well here. His modeling output also suggests Poston is primed for a good week in Minnesota. Over his last 24 rounds, Poston ranks fifth overall in the field and sits eighth in SG: Approach. He’s also third in both birdies or better gained and SG: Par 4’s while ranking 29th in bogey avoidance. If Poston can improve on his driving metrics — he’s 50th in good drives gained over his last 24 rounds — I genuinely believe he can notch another victory here. As a result, back him at +135 or better for a top-20.