From call center worker to cashed-up content creator. A Canadian woman is speaking out about how her unexpected success on OnlyFans has upended her life — and filled up her bank account. Jesse Switch, 33, spent more than a decade working low-income jobs in retail stores, warehouses and call centers before starting her X-rated account back in 2018. “I always thought if I was making six figures I’d be absolutely thrilled – and now I make almost that every month!” rich Switch told NeedToKnow.online in an interview on Wednesday. Switch initially started her OnlyFans page as a side gig, before finding that fans fawned over her incredible physique and giant 38DDD breasts. “I always worked minimum wage jobs before. In the call center, I earned $10 an hour plus commission,” the busty brunette stated. “At one point I found myself living in a makeshift apartment with no heat. In the winter, I’d sit huddled around a tiny space heater trying not to freeze to death.” Switch eventually moved back into her mom’s basement at the age of 26, where she stayed for three years, continuing to work odd jobs. “When I first started I was still working my last job painting houses. I’d do that all day for 12-14 hours and then come home and be on OnlyFans in the night,” she recalled. “I finally quit in January 2020 and have been focusing on this full time ever since. It’s the longest job I’ve ever had – it’s been 4½ years now and I love it!” Although her OnlyFans account includes X-rated sex videos, much of Switch’s cash comes from building up personal connections with her paying subscribers. She can sometimes spend up to 12 hours a day messaging men who will then tip her. “It sounds corny but I have a special connection with my fans,” the stunner stated. “I have some who I never even talk about anything sexual with – one man just sends me silly dad jokes or we exchange pictures of our pets.” Switch is also an avowed advocate for men’s mental health — something she discusses openly on her OnlyFans account. “Improving men’s mental health benefits everyone – including women!” she declared. Despite her newfound wealth, Switch hasn’t switched up her spending habits, and still counts her pennies. “I live modestly. I have a very nice house, which I currently rent but am in the process of buying, but I still drive a $3,000 car and don’t buy jewelry,” she stated. “All of my money goes into the bank. I’m not interested in adornments – instead, I want to buy property.” When she does eventually retire from the limelight, Switch plans to live out her days on a remote farm. “I always thought I’d be OK financially because I’m not afraid to work hard and always go after the things I want, but I would never have imagined I’d have this financial success,” she cooed.