BOSTON — The first-place Yankees don’t have many needs, and they aren’t desperate to do anything on the trade front, but they appear to be considering ways to rejigger their outfield. They have held talks about acquiring Royals outfielder Andrew Benintendi (and likely other available outfielders) while also conducting discussions with other teams about dealing away Joey Gallo, sources told The Post. The Yankees so far have found the price tag too high on Benintendi, a good contact hitter and former Gold Glove winner who was part of the 2018 Red Sox’s World Series-winning team. Like most teams, it is believed the Royals have started out by seeking at least one good prospect for Benintendi, who will be a free agent after the year. The Yankees are in an enviable position as a dominant team on a record pace, and Matt Carpenter’s recent emergence as an offensive force with an ability to play some outfield has diminished the need to make drastic changes. But Gallo, who like Benintendi will be a free agent after the year, has continued to struggle at the plate, and the Yankees have held discussions about him with multiple teams. Gallo said this week that he expected his name to come up in trade rumors, but wants to stay with the Yankees, despite his inability to get going since arriving in a trade from the Rangers last July. He had a .665 OPS in 128 games with the Yankees. There is some thought around the league that an exit from New York would benefit Gallo. General manager Brian Cashman, who is with the team in Boston, declined to comment on any interest in Gallo, who was a star with Texas, but has continued to strike out at an alarming rate as a Yankee. The best hopes for a Gallo trade could be teams run by his former Rangers bosses. The Padres and Rangers are thought willing to consider Gallo at some price, but obviously a much lower price than the Yankees paid a year ago. Both the Padres, whose general manager, A.J. Preller was a Rangers executive and knows Gallo well, and the Rangers could use an outfielder. The Padres are in the thick of the NL playoff race, and while Texas is only on the cusp of the AL race, it has seemed more interested in buying than selling to this point. The Yankees, 61-24 after their 6-5 extra-inning loss Saturday night at Fenway Park, are also considering bullpen help, though that has been one of the dominant team’s great strengths, and they may actually be making more progress in that area to date.