Missionary gets the shaft as the most boring sex position, but it might just be women’s new favorite after this scientific discovery. Researchers at private gynecology clinic New H. Medical in New York found that the tried and true method — with the male on top of a woman whose hips are propped by a pillow — is the best way to get blood flow to the clitoris and achieve orgasm, according to a Daily Mail exclusive report. Doctors used an ultrasound scanner to measure blood flow on a test couple as they got it on in five positions for 10 minutes each, including face-to-face with female above (“The Cowgirl”), face-to-face and seated (“Lotus”), face-to-face with male above, with and without a pillow (“Missionary”) and kneeling with woman bended over (“Doggy-style). Additionally, according to the scans, face-to-face positions generally enhanced clitoral blood flow, leading to better orgasms. Despite countless guides touting “how to please your man/woman” available in the media, the team of researchers, led by Dr. Kimberley Lovie, aimed to address a dearth of “scientific research that evaluates the association between different coital positions and their ability to produce female orgasm,” they wrote, per DailyMail. “The kneeling/rear entry position produces the least amount of direct clitoral contact, and resulted in a negligible increase in blood flow compared to the face-to-face positions,” researchers wrote, per DailyMail. The pillow was key to maximum pleasure as they deeper penetration. “Pillows marketed for this intention, often referred to as ‘sex pillows,’ or ‘positioning pillows’ are usually firm and wedged shaped, providing more precise and consistent pelvic angulation than conventional bed pillows,” they explained. However, they noted that results among women may vary as they don’t experience the same level of stimulation in every sex position, due to men’s own unpredictable or inconsistent “thrusting forces.” Still, they hope that the finding will help inform clinicians and their patients with sexual dysfunction. “Difficulty achieving orgasm, the causes of which are multifactorial, is one component of sexual dysfunction,” researchers concluded. “Clinicians can use these findings to counsel patients about which coital positions might help them achieve climax.” 