Single ladies of Texas, take note. A woman was forced to go undercover as she warned others to steer clear of her ex — by creating a Tinder profile dedicated to putting him on blast. Danci Smith, 27, announced to followers on TikTok that she’s divorcing her husband, with whom she shares two children, alleging he doesn’t take care of their kids, and, on top of that, was an adulterer. Smith responded to the revelation of her husband’s cheating ways by logging on to the dating site where her husband had lurked — to warn other women. Smith’s declaration was accompanied by a screenshot from Tinder that appears to depict the profile of her husband — “TJ.” “Here in Austin working,” his alleged profile bio reads. “Don’t be weird! Wanna meet new people and go have a drink or something fun? Swipe right bitches.” According to Smith’s TikTok, which included screenshots of her newly minted Tinder profile, the jilted wife did not mince words. “Hey pretty girls, just wanted to warn y’all about my husband ‘TJ’ who’s on here,” she wrote in the bio section of her profile. “I’m divorcing this piece of s – – t but his name is Travis but TJ & he’s 38 not 30,” she wrote. “He’s got two kids, neither that he takes care of.” Brilliantly, the small businesswoman made good of a bad situation — by inviting new shoppers to her online boutique with a cheeky coupon code. “So if you want to shop here is the link,” she added. “Take 10% off using code TJ.” “Swipe right bitches,” she mocked in conclusion. The Post has reached out to Smith for comment. Followers who asked for further details were denied. “I can’t publicly speak on it right now due to our court hearing coming up but I’ll spill the tea when I can sis,” she commented. Hundreds of viewers commented on the revealing profile, including several who agreed Smith’s “pettiness” was worthy of praise. “It feels like we could be best friends. This level of petty is what I live for!!” one user insisted. “Pure gold,” declared another. Regardless of the demise of her marriage, Smith’s sales pitch was a success. “Just placed an order,” said one new customer.