We’re overjoyed and over-the-moon about Amazon Prime Day 2022. One thing we’re not overzealous about, though, is inflation. This year, we expect Prime Day to have a much different feel to it. Of course, Amazon is dishing some of the best prices ever on high-ticket items like outdoor patio furniture and mattresses, but we can attest the deals are just as good for practical items less than $25. That said, we rounded up the 18 best useful and budget-friendly items you can add to your Amazon cart this Prime Day. Some are house cleaning products to keep on hand, while others are great value, bulk-sized offerings to take advantage of. Even though we hunted down the best inexpensive buys, it’s important you, as the reader (and shopper), understand that the word “deal” has a completely new meaning this year given the escalating prices we’ve seen. “Shoppers should know that just because a product is marked down does not guarantee that it’s a good deal,” Kristin McGrath, shopping expert and editor of The Real Deal by RetailMeNot, told The Post. “It’s not uncommon for companies to mark up an item before putting it on sale, so knowing the product’s price history is a great way to really know if the price you’re paying is truly considered a good deal.” Ahead, we share the expertise provided by our shopping experts, along with the best practical buys under $25 to add to your Amazon cart today and tomorrow for Prime Day sales. Click to jump to our list of less-than-$25 products: A good deal, according to Kristen Gall, Rakuten’s Retail & Shopping Expert, is found when you know for certain that the sought after product will not be found for a cheaper price than what is currently marked down to, ensuring it is below retail value. “If a product isn’t specific to a certain store, such as shopping for electronics, groceries and other related categories, do your research to see if you can find what you are looking to purchase for a better price elsewhere,” she suggests. “The word ‘deal’ takes on a new meaning with inflation because prices are so high, so the deals are feeling a bit lackluster for many consumers,” Gall notes. With this, we’re seeing a surplus of inventory in stores, forcing retailers to discount many products and offer up  sales to clear their inventory. Because of this, consumers quickly have to adjust to another “new normal” as inflation hits 40-year highs. “Amid all this interest in gathering and spending, consumers are continuing to change their shopping habits and mindsets to accommodate increasing prices,” McGrath adds. “That means tightening budgets for upcoming events, cutting down on nonessentials and turning to couponing and other money-saving tactics.” Amazon has a track record of offering lowest-of-the-year pricing on popular tech products during Prime Day, especially its own products. According to McGrath, here’s what you should add to your shopping cart for the best value: Arguably, paper towels are one of the most practical things to have on hand. With 12 double rolls, Brawny’s Pick-A-Size Paper Towels are equivalent to 24 regular rolls and are strong for tough messes. For less than $20, it’s a steal. There’s simply nothing more powerful than Mr. Clean. Snag a 10-pack for less than $10 this Prime Day to make your stove, refrigerator and other surfaces sparkle. For a supreme house cleaning product, you can’t go wrong. If you’re a parent or caregiver, you know that diapers are expensive. For just $15, pick up Seventh Generation’s Free & Clear Unbleached Newborn Diapers. Not to mention, the brand is one of the best baby detergents we rounded up. Our love affair with K-cups is still going strong (especially after we reviewed the Keurig recently) and this 40-Pack Variety is a dream. For a limited time, pick this all-you-can-want bundle up for just $15. Comwarm’s Fuzzy Cross-Band Plush Slippers are, amazingly, just $20 for a limited time. There are plenty of plush-lined colors to choose from and its allover fuzzy design will ensure your feet will be snuggly warm all day. For more options, check out our guide to the best slippers, some of which are on Amazon. If you’re on the hunt for an affordable hair removal tool, Gillette Venus’ Gentle Bikini Trimmer is $10 off this Prime Day for you to grab. It’s great for sensitive skin, helps provide that seamless look underneath your bikini and will last for quite a while. Per our shopping experts, a pair of wireless earbuds is one of the best purchases to make this Prime Day. For just $21, Altec’s Lansing NanoPods are a great buy, come in a variety of colors and have an affordable price point to make you want to pick up more than one. Yes, we found one of the most practical buys yet: 96 regular toilet paper rolls for just $23. Amazon’s Presto! brand is ultra-strong, thick and flexible — offering that two-ply feel that you’ll want to keep buying again and again. Unique and practical at once, GE’s LED+ Outdoor Security Light Bulbs with Motion Sensors are less than $15 and are impressively bright. This two-pack will keep your outdoor area well-lit and well-protected, too. One household item you always want to have on hand, undeniably, is a pack of batteries. Snag 28 AA batteries from Duracell for less than $20 in case your remotes or other devices suddenly die on you (which nobody loves). We were elated when we discovered Adidas’ Court Lite Duffel Bag on sale for just $20. Whether you’re in need of a new gym bag or simply want an overnight bag for travel, we love this flexible, sporty number to keep on deck at all times. For your skincare routine, a quality cleanser. And, what better one than Laneige’s Multi Deep-Clean Cleanser which has characteristics akin to your favorite exfoliant. Not to mention, the brand’s fan-favorite Lip Sleeping Mask is on sale, too. Don’t walk — run. Glad’s ForceFlex Trash Bags are just $16 (we’re screaming in our seats) and are everyone’s household essential. Plus, they’re made with leak protection and Febreze freshness, which make them one of the best ones for your kitchen. For a limited time — and just shy of $20 — Eucerin’s sunscreen combo (both for your body and for your face) is on sale just in time for long days at the pool or by the beach. Plus, both are infused with hyaluronic acid to help make your skin look healthful all day. Surely, deodorant is essential — especially in the summertime months. Pick up four at once so you never run out. For just $20, you’ll come to love the cucumber and green tea mint fresh scent that’ll last all day. If you want to pick up a razor for every month of the year, Amazon Basics has you covered. Its 5-Blade Razor, which is apt for sensitive skin, is the perfect pick-up this Prime Day for just $14. Plus, who doesn’t love pink? We’re kind of all about binder clips being on sale this Prime Day. For less than $10, treat yourself (and your office!) to 100 of these bad boys so you’ll never lose a paper. Plus, they’re a nifty Prime Day classroom essential if you’re a teacher. If you’re on the hunt for a work tote or new backpack, Martein’s Travel Laptop Backpack is a versatile carry-on item. It’s well-priced at $25 and has more than 65K rave reviews on Amazon from happy commuters. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.