One person was killed and at least 12 others were injured in a spate of shootings across New York City during a bloody nine-hour period on Independence Day, police said. Only the borough of Staten Island was spared from the stretch of violence that began at around 3:10 p.m. in Queens, when a gunman opened fire at a man in his 30s. The victim was found in the middle of the street in Cambria Heights with a gunshot wound to his hip. He was rushed to Long Island Jewish Hospital in critical but stable condition, the NYPD said. About two hours later, the boyfriend of an NYPD employee was shot and wounded in Soho as he sat in a gray Honda sedan in front of a high-end Dior shop, law enforcement sources said. The 27-year-old was shot in the right underarm and was rushed to a nearby hospital by his girlfriend. He is expected to live, police said. Less than an hour later at 5:50 p.m. in the Bronx, a gunman approached a 24-year-old man near 775 Eagle Ave. in Melrose, shot him in the left leg and fled, the NYPD said. The victim was at Lincoln Hospital in stable condition. Then in the same Bronx police precinct, a dispute between two groups near Pulaski Park broke out at 7:45 p.m. that ended with a 35-year-old man suffering a gunshot wound to the torso, according to cops. He was also rushed to Lincoln Hospital in stable condition, police said. About two hours later in Manhattan, a man was shot in the neck a block above Central Park. He was rushed to Harlem Hospital in stable condition. Police said the victim was uncooperative and wouldn’t provide details on how he was shot. Minutes later at 10:15 p.m., four people were shot in Rochdale, Queens. Two men and a woman each suffered bullet wounds to their right foot and a third man was shot in the shoulder. All four were rushed to Jamaica Hospital and are listed in stable condition, police said. Back in the Bronx, three men were shot by a gunman who fled in a white sedan around 10:30 p.m. in Belmont. One was shot in the chest and died at St. Barnabas Hospital. Another was shot in the leg and the third was shot in the arm. The two surviving victims are in stable condition at St. Barnabas. Police said it was unclear if they were targeted. One last person was shot just before the holiday wrapped up. Shortly before midnight, a man was shot on Bainbridge Street in Brooklyn, police said. No arrests were reported in any of the shootings.