When “The Bachelorette” first announced they would have two leads dating the same group of men, some fans were skeptical it would work out. It seems they were right to be concerned. On Monday night’s episode, Gabby Windey and Rachel Recchia were forced to change the format of their season after both girls were rejected by multiple men in favor of the other girl. Gabby, 31, was already doubtful of her role as Bachelorette early in the episode, wondering if she was “too broken for anyone to love” because of what she went through in her childhood. Then, three men approached her during their group dating at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles and told her they didn’t feel a connection with her — with one man telling her she’s “rough around the edges” and another saying he wouldn’t continue if she were the only Bachelorette. The two Bachelorettes decided the best way to move forward was to change the format: If a man accepted a rose during that night’s rose ceremony, they were committing to moving forward with just the woman that offered them the rose. Rachel, 26, was rejected by three men who preferred her co-star. “I just feel so bad. And so rejected,” Rachel said to Gabby halfway through the ceremony. “This is how I felt last night,” Gabby responded. “But it was, like, private. This was so embarrassing and public,” Rachel said. After the humiliating back-to-back rejections, fans took to Twitter to express their frustrations with the men of the season. “Imagine being a 4 and telling a 10 she wasn’t worthy,” one fan tweeted. “I honestly wouldn’t be mad if this is Gabby’s villain origin story because it would be mine too lol,” another joked about Gabby’s rejections. “It is SO easy to express how you genuinely connect with one person over another without making the other person feel like absolute goblin trash and yet these men are still finding a way,” Brett S. Vergara wrote. Fans were also feeling the heightened stakes during the rose ceremony. “Why is this rose ceremony giving me ptsd to picking dodgeball teams in middle school,” one user wrote. “This rose ceremony is EXACTLY like sorority bid day,” another quipped. “There’s 20 mins left this rose ceremony is about to be CHAOTIC,” one fan stressed. Many fans expressed their thoughts on having two Bachelorettes in the first place. “They’re already setting rachel up to be the less desirable bachelorette and this is why two bachelorettes isn’t FAIR,” one fan wrote. “Another reason two bachelorettes is s – – t — these women having to expose their deepest insecurities and then worry it will make the guys go for the other woman,” Francesca of Barstool’s “Chicks in the Office” tweeted. “It only took three episodes to realize that two bachelorettes were a terrible idea,” another said. “Can we agree to never have two bachelorettes ever again? This is so unfair to both Gabby and Rachel,” a fan tweeted. “The stupid thing is that Rachel and Gabby each should’ve had their own group of guys to begin with,” one wrote. “if only… this could’ve been avoided by giving Gabby and Rachel different seasons… if only,” a fan joked. Going forward, Gabby and Rachel will continue with their own groups of men, the way fans think it should have been from the beginning. “The Bachelorette” airs Mondays at 8 p.m. on ABC.