The Morton’s steakhouse chain ripped a group of protesters who targeted Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh while he dined in its Washington DC restaurant earlier this week, calling the demonstration “an act of selfishness and void of decency.” The protesters – who appeared to be associated with the “ShutDown DC” activist group – showed up outside the restaurant Wednesday night after receiving a tip that Kavanaugh was there. “While the badasses @OurRightsDC and his own neighbors are gathered outside #Kavanaugh’s home, the justice seems to have snuck out for a swanky DC dinner,” the group posted on Twitter. “We got a tip from someone who spotted him around 7:40. DM us if you want to join him…we’re sure he can pull up a seat!” Meanwhile, student loan forgiveness activist Melissa Byrne tweeted out the restaurant’s phone number, writing, “Folks should call Mortons [sic] at +1 (202) 955-5997 and tell them it’s gross they welcomed Brett Kavanaugh as a diner tonight. Men who take away womens [sic] rights should be shunned.” A few moments later, ShutDown DC tweeted: “We hear Kavanaugh snuck out the back with his security detail. @mortons should be ashamed for welcoming a man who so clearly hates women.” Politico, citing a person familiar with the situation, reported that Kavanuagh did not hear or see the protesters outside and left after eating a full meal before dessert. While there was no interaction between the justice and the protesters, Morton’s issued a statement condemning the incident. “Honorable Supreme Court Justice Kavanaugh and all of our other patrons at the restaurant were unduly harassed by unruly protestors while eating dinner at our Morton’s restaurant,” a representative told Politico. “Politics, regardless of your side or views, should not trample the freedom at play of the right to congregate and eat dinner. There is a time and place for everything. Disturbing the dinner of all of our customers was an act of selfishness and void of decency.” ShutDown DC responded to the criticism by saying on Twitter, “No rights for us, no peace for you. Get f–ked @mortons.” Wednesday’s demonstration is the latest in a string of protests targeting conservative justices who voted to overturn Roe v. Wade on June 24. A majority of the protests have been held outside the justices’ homes. Kavanaugh himself was the target of an assassination attempt last month, when a California man was arrested near his home in suburban Maryland with a suitcase and backpack that contained a tactical police vest, a tactical knife, pepper spray, zip ties, a Glock 17 pistol and two magazines and ammunition. The suspect has since been charged with attempted murder of a Supreme Court justice. When asked Friday whether President Biden believed it was appropriate for protesters to “intimidate” justices while going about their day, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said “we condemn any intimidation of judges” — but repeatedly declined to disavow the restaurant protest. “Would you say ‘Don’t go to a restaurant a Supreme Court justice is at’?” asked Fox News correspondent Peter Doocy. “What I’m saying is we condemn any intimidation when it comes to judges,” the press secretary repeated. “We have been, the President has talked about this and we have put out statements.” “So, where’s the line?” Doocy asked later in the exchange. “If these protesters can go to a justice’s house and they can go to a restaurant, where is it that you don’t think it’s appropriate for a group of protesters to go?” “I just laid out — you asked me about intimidation. We condemn intimidation, we condemn any violence,” Jean-Pierre repeated. “And we’ve been very clear. That is, it is a clear definition of what violence is or what intimidation is. Peaceful protests, people should be allowed to be to be able to do that. “In a restaurant?” Doocy asked. Nodding, Jean-Pierre replied, “If it’s outside of a restaurant, if it’s peaceful, for sure.” “Really?” Doocy asked incredulously. “Peaceful protest,” Jean-Pierre doubled down, “Whereas your question to me was ‘intimidation.'” “So these justices, because protestors do not agree with an opinion they signed on to, have no right to privacy, is what you’re saying?” Doocy followed up. “But Peter, this is, this is — people have the right,” the White House spokesperson responded. “This is what a democracy is.” “Of course people have a right to privacy, but people also have a right to be able to protest peacefully — peacefully,” the press secretary continued. “It’s the intimidation and the violence that we condemn.” After a further exchange, Jean-Pierre broke off Doocy’s line of questioning with a haughty, “I’m done here, Peter.”