Robert Downey Jr. has reportedly been providing financial help for Armie Hammer, who has faced wild accusations of violence against women and cannibalistic sex addiction in the last couple of years. RDJ, 57, paid for rehab for the 35-year-old “Social Network” star and provided him with additional financial and moral support, a source recently told Vanity Fair. The Marvel icon, who himself has weathered a lifelong battle with addiction, persuaded Hammer to check into rehab and bankrolled the wellness stay, according to the report. Hammer spent almost six months in a Florida rehabilitation center last year amid his controversy, the source claimed to VF, and completed a program in December. Reps for Hammer declined The Post’s request to comment. According to the report, Downey Jr. paid for Hammer to spend about six months in an elite Silver Springs, Florida, health facility known as the Guest House. The “premier treatment center” which “cater[s] in particular to clients who have high-stress or high-visibility lifestyles such as business executives, politicians and entertainment professionals” offers support for “coming to terms with trauma, an addiction or a mental health disorder,” the center’s website noted. Downey Jr. is also helping Hammer post-rehab, “providing Hammer financial assistance until he gets back on his feet,” according to Vanity Fair. The report also claimed RDJ is allowing Hammer to stay at one of his homes in the Los Angeles area, where Hammer was seen attending an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. The Post has reached out to reps for Downey Jr. for comment. Since leaving rehab in December, Hammer has been laying low in the Cayman Islands — spurring rumors that he’s working as a timeshare salesman. An insider claimed to Variety earlier this week that the “Gossip Girl” alum took a job in the tropics because he’s “broke.” “He is working at the resort and selling timeshares. He is working at a cubicle,” the source alleged. “The reality is he’s totally broke and is trying to fill the days and earn money to support his family.” Reports first swirled last week that he was moonlighting as a concierge at Morritt’s Resort in the Cayman Islands after TV producer Muna Mire posted a viral tweet showing a flyer featuring Hammer’s face. “My friend’s parents went on vacation in the Cayman Islands and armie hammer was their concierge i’m still not over it,” Muna wrote in the now-deleted post. “I am your personal concierge and am here to help you get the very best from your vacation. Regards, Armie,” the leaflet, which was re-posted online, read. However, according to Variety, Hammer’s lawyer and an anonymous hotel employee stated that the flyer was fake. The staffer, a 12-year employee, said that he sent the pamphlet to a few rooms as a prank. Vanity Fair reported that Hammer had flown back to Los Angeles from the Cayman Islands on Friday with his estranged wife Elizabeth Chambers and their two children to “escape the scrutiny.” Other sources close to the “Call Me By Your Name” actor alleged to Vanity Fair that he has suffered from trauma in the past. “Everyone looks at Armie thinking that he’s had some sort of privileged life — and that must mean there were no problems in his youth and everything was peachy keen,” a friend of Hammer’s said. “But that’s not necessarily the way things go. Just because you come from an upbringing where financial resources are plentiful doesn’t mean life isn’t without problems.”