J.Crew always has and always will offer chic clothing, perfect for all occasions. Heading to a mid afternoon tea? J.Crew has the floral blouse for that. Looking for a casual beach look? J.Crew has the drawstring shorts for that too. But one of J.Crew’s most unrivaled elements is the brand’s consistent effort to make their clothing accessible to many with the use of sales — and J.Crew is showing up with unbeatable markdowns yet again. At this very moment, you can shop all of J.Crew’s sale items and rack up an additional 60% off discount on all sale items. All you need to do is enter code BESTSALE at checkout. But nothing lasts forever, and this sale ends today. Keep reading to shop the sale and ensure you lock in the savings before it’s too late. Shop all women’s sale fashion here. Sweet florals adorn this bucket hat, meshing trendy Gen Z fashion with classic millennial flare. Wear it while sunbathing or whilst watering your gorgeous gardenias. Elegant with ’50s-inspired allure, this ruched bandeau one-piece will never go out of style. Wear it on a family beach trip or slip into this body-contouring silhouette for you next girls’ trip. We instantly hit “add to cart” on this ’90s-inspired racerback dress. Beyond versatile, this Alicia cupro floral dress can be worn on a picnic or thrown on to run errands. It’s lightweight, breezy and comfortable. Made with smooth leather and featuring an adjustable strap, these sandals will become an everyday staple. Feel free to dress them up or down as you please. This J.Crew cutaway tank is made with oh-so-soft fabric that stretches to fit your body perfectly. But we get it — who wants a white tank that’s see-through? Thankfully, J. Crew ensured it was constructed with double-layers so it’s never see-through but always extra-smoothing. Sometimes, jeans just aren’t on the table. When that’s the case, reach for these relaxed wide-leg linen pants. They feature a super cute tassel drawstring while keeping you comfortable and free. There’s nothing like a wide-brim hat to embrace your stand-out style. Best of all, we can’t get enough of the floral-printed ribbon. Made with a super-breathable linen, this smocked dress screams summer. Not to mention, it gives off Disney’s princess Ariel washed-at-sea style. Say hello to a cushiony footbed and soft leather straps. Oh, and did we mention that this sandal can pair with virtually anything? Try jeans, a dress, shorts or whatever else comes to mind. Don’t let summer sweats get you down. Instead, opt for this soft, sustainable sleep set. You can also monogram the set for an additional $10 to add a personal element. Shop all men’s sale fashion here. Throw on this bucket hat whether you’re headed out on a fishing trip or trekking the trails. No matter what, this hat is guaranteed to have you covered. A relaxed button-up is necessary ine very well-dressed man’s closest. Especially a pinstripe option like this one. This cotton pair of chino shorts feature the ideal lived-in feel. Wear them with a tucked in button-up or loose tee. Looking for the perfect henley that can be worn over and over again? Well, you’ve found it, as this option will last, and once it inevitably starts to fade, it will do so gently. Soft and comfortable terry shorts have entered the chat — and we are so glad they did. Wear them to run errands or lounge around the house watching your favorite sports game. Sometimes trainers don’t make the cut and other times dress shoes are too uncomfortable. When that’s the case, reach for these canoe shoes. This versatile cap can really be worn anytime and anywhere. Best of all, it comes in an array of color to match your outfit seamlessly. Don’t mind us as we add this comfortable polo to our carts. We can see the men in our lives wearing it now! This modern pair of striped pants are sure to make an impact. Effortlessly elevate a tee and add instant style. Get cozy and comfy this season with this cotton pajama set. You’ve never slept looking so good. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.