Justin Bieber is back, “Baby.” The 28-year-old heartthrob will resume his “Justice” world tour after he postponed a month’s worth of shows to recover from facial paralysis, both AEG and the verified Twitter account Bieber Fever announced Tuesday. Starting with the Lucca Festival in Italy on July 31, the Biebs will complete a run of European festivals, then play shows “All Around The World” in South America, South Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. He’ll then return to Europe in 2023. His postponed US concerts have yet to be rescheduled. Life was anything but “Peaches” for Bieber when he was forced to cancel several North America stops — including in New York City — amid his battle with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, a rare neurological disorder that is reflected in facial palsy or paralysis, often accompanied by a rash affecting the ear or mouth. The virus is caused by an infection of the varicella-zoster virus — which also causes chickenpox and shingles “As you can see, this eye is not blinking,” he demonstrated in a 2½-minute Instagram video that was posted on June 10. “I can’t smile on this side of my face. This nostril will not move, so there’s full paralysis on this side of my face,” Bieber continued, gesturing to the right side of his face. “So for those who are frustrated by my cancellations of the next shows, I’m just physically obviously not capable of doing them. This is pretty serious as you can see. I wish this wasn’t the case but, obviously, my body’s telling me I gotta slow down,” he said. Five days later, his wife, supermodel Hailey Bieber, told the hosts of “Good Morning America” that her hubby was “going to be totally okay.” “He’s doing really well … he’s feeling a lot better and obviously it was just a very scary and random situation to happen,” she shared. “Every single person has sent well wishes, advice, recommendations,” she said of his fans. “It’s been really amazing.” The couple was spotted having some summer fun on a boat in Idaho just last week. They showed lots of PDA in between cuddles and cannonballs into the water. On Sunday, Bieber’s mentor Usher told “Extra” that his mentee was “doing great.” “As an artist, I think we are all going to experience some things that people may not necessarily understand,” the “Love in This Club” singer, 43, said. Bieber released his album “Justice” on March 19, 2021. It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart — his eighth album to do so.