Drink up to cool down. The consumption of alcohol on a hot day isn’t generally recommended by doctors, but in the midst of an international heat wave, one physician on Twitter claimed beer can help with hydration. Academic Ellie Mackin Roberts sparked a now-viral debate when she recently tweeted 10 steps to help beat the heat. Tip No. 9 read: “If you are dehydrated (and an adult, and able to do so) drink a half a pint of beer (inc. alcohol free!) and then move straight onto water (or a sports drink or cordial if you don’t like water).” Followers of Roberts, an expert in ancient Greek history, quickly responded, questioning how beer could ever be helpful in trying to avoid dehydration. However, Dr. Stuart Galloway, of the University of Stirling told Femail that the beverage contains electrolytes, sugar and salt, which helps the body retain fluid, rather than it going straight through. “Beer has a relatively high water content and contains some electrolytes, so if a small amount is consumed as part of your daily fluid intake alongside non-alcoholic drinks, such as water, beer can be part of a plan to keep you hydrated during the heatwave,” said Galloway, who also serves as resident hydration expert at UK bottled water brand Aqua Pura. “However, you should be aware that alcoholic drinks will lead to dehydration if you drink more than one or two servings,” he continued. “With beer in particular, if you drink more than two pints, it will most likely have a negative effect on your hydration status.” Sports drinks also do the trick since they, like beer, contain electrolytes, salt and sugar — but definitely stay away from hot coffee and tea. These caffeinated drinks can take up much of the body’s daily water intake, the doctor warned. On Tuesday, Britain broke its record for the hottest temperature ever registered as eastern England got up to 104.5 degrees Fahrenheit, according to an Associated Press report. This shatters the 2019 record of 101 degrees in the UK. The US is heating up too, as 100 million Americans across the northern plains as well as parts of the Northeast, including New York, are expected to experience excessive heat warnings or heat advisories.