Gwyneth Paltrow made Hailey Bieber cringe. The Marvel actress, 49, stopped by Bieber’s vlog, “Who’s in My Bathroom,” and jokingly revealed that she slept with Bieber’s father, Stephen Baldwin — but then made it clear she was just kidding. On Wednesday’s episode, Bieber, 25, and Paltrow discussed a multitude of things, including the topic of Hollywood nepotism and Paltrow starring with Baldwin, 56, in the 1994 film “Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle.” Paltrow quipped on the show that she and the Long Island native were intertwined in an awkward on-camera moment together. She said that Bieber’s dad was “great” and “so nice.” The model replied: “I like hearing that. Imagine if you had some horror story: ‘He was terrible! It was a nightmare working with him!'” “That would be bad. Or if I, like, f–ked your dad in the bathroom,” Paltrow hilariously said. Baldwin seemed shaken and tried to play it off, adding: “I’ve had that happen to me actually. I don’t know if he even knows that I know that. But, I’ve had that happen.” The Oscar winner started to laugh and teased that she really didn’t have sex with Baldwin. “I didn’t! I didn’t!” Paltrow said. Elsewhere in the interview, the pair spoke about being progeny of entertainment-industry bigwigs. Paltrow is the daughter of famed actress Blythe Danner and director Bruce Paltrow, while Baldwin is married to singer Justin Bieber and comes from the Baldwin acting dynasty. Paltrow noted that celebrity kids don’t have as big of an advantage as some people may think. The Goop founder said that kids of stars have to “work twice as hard” as other people once they get their start in show business and must prove themselves because others will say they “don’t belong.” Paltrow then mentioned how children with famous parents can “unfairly” get their foot in the door and have more opportunities at their feet. “As the child of someone [established in Hollywood], you get access other people don’t have, so the playing field is not level in that way,” the mother of two said. “However, I really do feel that once your foot is in the door, which you unfairly got in, then you almost have to work twice as hard and be twice as good,” the “Shakespeare in Love” star said. “Because people are ready to pull you down and say ‘You don’t belong there’ and ‘You are only there because of your dad or your mom’ or whatever the case may be.'” She then revealed how being the spawn of famous people shouldn’t be a limiting factor in pursuing a film career. “It shouldn’t limit you, because what I believe is that nobody in the world, especially somebody who doesn’t know you, should have a negative impact on your path or the decisions that you make,” Paltrow said.