A California estate where Prince Harry frequently played in polo matches has hit the market for $50 million. Located in Santa Barbara County’s seaside town of Carpinteria, just 10 minutes from Montecito, the luxury property has been described as a “rare opportunity for the most discerning equestrian lover.” Just last month, on June 10, Prince Harry was spotted on the 610-acre compound, known as “Cancha De Estrellas,” playing in a polo match, in which his team lost 6 to 9. “Cancha De Estrellas,” translates to “the field of stars.” The property has also been frequented by Nacho Figueras, known as the “David Beckham of polo.” Located at 200 Lamber Road, Christian Name and Fred Dapp with The Agency hold the listing. “I have absolutely loved the time I have been able to spend at Cancha De Estrellas. In the evenings the night sky is filled with stars because there is no light pollution,” Name told The Post. “In the day the possibilities are endless, from building forts along the creeks, to riding our four-wheelers around the trails while barbeque asados are set up as players, family, and friends gather after matches and tournaments.” “An easy drive from Los Angeles, this is one of my favorite escapes from the city. The beauty and tranquility here year-round are unrivaled in Southern California.” Featuring 360-degree views of the ocean and the mountains, the property boasts two polo fields and modern landscaping surrounding all of the equestrian areas. The listing notes that Santa Barbara’s weather allows for year-round play even when the loco polo clubs close in October. There are 100 covered horse stalls, the listing explains, with walking and riding trails, and the ability to even ride to the beach. “Each of the two included parcels can build a permanent home and appurtenance structures,” the listing explains. The current owner is Sarah Siegel-Magness who, along with her husband Gary Magness, co-founded the film company Smokewood Entertainment. Siegel-Magness purchased the estate in 2017 for $14.2 million.