FOX Weather meteorologists will be tracking storms in the Southeast and Midwest heading into America’s 246th birthday. Celebrations are planned from coast to coast, and in typical summer fashion, some spectators will have to dodge a few showers and thunderstorms through Independence Day. Here’s the forecast for each region. The Fourth of July could be rather pleasant in the region after a stormy start to the weekend. High temperatures over the holiday weekend will make it into the 80s, but humidity values and dew points should be more comfortable, courtesy of a cold front. The forecast calls for cities along the Interstate 95 corridor from Washington to Boston to reach the mid to upper 80s on Monday afternoon before settling down into the upper 70s and lower 80s for the start of fireworks shows. New York City’s 46th Annual Macy’s 4th of July Fireworks show is expected to start around 9:25 p.m. under partly cloudy skies. The combination of plenty of moisture, warm temperatures and at least one cold front could help kick off numerous showers and thunderstorms through Monday. A lot of the stormy activity along the mid-Atlantic coast was associated with what was once Tropical Storm Colin. The storm developed on Saturday but has already dissipated and is moving offshore and is expected to move away from the coast on Sunday. Communities in the Tennessee Valley, the mid-Atlantic and the Gulf Coast could see rain on the Fourth of July. Where rain falls, the precipitation will have a cooling effect and provide some relief from the summer heat. If the Southeast is in your destination plans, make sure to download the FOX Weather app to track the storms on our 3D mobile radar. It could come down to location, location, location in the Midwest, with eastern parts of the region seeing a chance of rain and the southwestern section seeing the heat. Strong to severe storms  are likely from Chicago to Minneapolis to Des Moines Monday. The biggest threat is large hail and strong winds. But, an isolated tornado is possible. Meteorologists say the most significant concern for temperatures that will be well above average will be in the Plains. Highs could be more than 10 degrees above average, which could mean temperatures reach the 90s and even 100s. Because of a storm system over the Pacific Northwest, most of the region will see temperatures fall below average into Independence Day. Los Angeles will also enjoy temperatures in the 70s all weekend. Below-average temperatures will make for great weather for parades and firework displays in large parts of Oregon, California and Nevada on the Fourth of July. An average high for July 4 is typically 92 degrees in Reno and 81 in Los Angeles, so large parts of the West will see temperatures between 5 and 15 degrees below average. The chance for a few scattered showers will exist in the Pacific Northwest, the northern Rockies and the Four Corners region. The Southwest is in its monsoon season, meaning an influx of moisture could lead to heavy rainfall and flash flooding. For areas that have not seen recent rain and are experiencing high fire dangers, communities have banned fireworks and are encouraging families to attend drone shows.