It’s a bird, it’s a plane . . . it’s Superhunk. On Day 8 of the Capitol riot hearings, while the committee presented evidence of former President Donald Trump’s alleged role in last year’s violent attack, many viewers were thinking the same thing: Who was that hot Clark Kent look-alike sitting in the crowd? That’s right, a Superman doppelganger stole the show at Thursday’s hearing with the hashtag “Clark Kent” trending on Twitter late Thursday night. “Ok yes Trump is guilty….BUT WHO IS THIS…Ok Clark Kent!!” exclaimed one Twitter user of the then-unknown eye candy. The Man of Steely Gaze has since been identified as 23-year-old Alex Wollet, a medical school student from Ohio, according to TMZ, who reportedly unearthed his secret identity on Friday. (More on him later.) The mystery man in question, who was seated behind witnesses Matthew Pottinger and Sarah Matthews, was sporting a sleek navy suit and glasses — earning him comparisons to Superman’s bespectacled reporter alter ego, Clark Kent. Social media went absolutely gaga over the handsome Man of Steel facsimile. “Someone get this man a phone booth so that he can save democracy,” gushed one smitten Twitter fan, while another wrote, “I was distracted by Clark Kent…. anything interesting happen at the hearing?” One awestruck commenter quipped, “Why are people questioning Clark Kent’s presence at the Jan. 6 hearings? He’s obviously covering the event for the Daily Planet.” “When you have no idea you’re trending and about to walk out of that hearing to a modeling contract, a marriage proposal and a three-way,” fawned another fanboy. One Twitter wit attached a screenshot of the man adjusting his glasses with the caption: “This is so infuriating you got Clark Kent about to go full Superman.” Even Bravo boss Andy Cohen wanted to know the identity of the aesthetically endowed stranger. “Who on earth is this?” Cohen wondered, before asking if Superhunk was seeing anyone. On Friday morning, TMZ reported that mystery man Wollet lived in Washington, DC, where he was doing a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health. Since he became a trending topic, Wollet as set his social media accounts to private, according to the outlet. New York Magazine writer Yashar Ali also had previously teased that he knew who the mystery man was but hadn’t revealed further information or his source, only disclosing that the attractive attendee is off the market. “The good looking man sitting behind Pottinger is not single,” he wrote. “That’s all I will say and that’s all you need to know!” Distractions aside, the hearing by the House Select Committee is investigating Trump’s activities during the Jan 6., 2021, attack when rioters swarmed the Capitol. They specifically sought to create a timeline of Trump’s activities — or lack thereof — over a 187-minute period between the end of his speech at a rally near the White House at 1:10 p.m. and a begrudging video message telling his supporters: “You have to go home now” at 4:17 p.m. The action was narrated by committee members Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.) and Elaine Luria (D-Va.), who revealed that Trump was told immediately after returning to the White House from his “Stop the Steal” event that clashes were taking place a short distance down Pennsylvania Avenue. “Within 15 minutes of leaving the stage, President Trump knew that the Capitol was besieged and under attack,” Luria said, adding: “At 1:25, President Trump went to the private dining room off the Oval Office. From 1:25 until 4:00, the president stayed in his dining room … The TV was tuned to Fox News all afternoon.” “Other witnesses confirmed that President Trump was in the dining room with the TV on for more than two and a half hours,” she went on. “There was no official record of what President Trump did while in the dining room.” The narrative was interspersed with footage of violence at the Capitol that was being beamed around the world on cable news channels.