Tana Mongeau has hired full-time security after a stalker allegedly showed up outside her Los Angeles home armed with knives. The 24-year-old YouTube sensation — who is now one of OnlyFans’ top earners, raking in a cool $10 million in two years — made the terrifying admission in an interview on Bradley Martyn’s “RawTalk” podcast on Tuesday. “Right now, I have a full-blown stalker,” the starlet stated, saying the man first contacted her over the subscribers-only site. Mongeau did not disclose whether she knew the man’s name, but claimed he sent chilling videos of himself standing outside her residence “with knives.” The stalker also started bombarding the social media sensation with explicit nudes. Said Mongeau, “He was sending me videos of his d–k — scariest d–k I’ve ever seen in my life.” She quickly added, “I shouldn’t say that because he’s going to chop me up.” The starlet says she has now hired full-time security to monitor her LA residence but did not say whether police have been assisting her in the case. Last year, Mongeau spoke out about a stalker named “William,” although it is unclear whether the latest knife-wielder is the same man. In a YouTube video shared last October, the beauty claimed “William” had followed her from house to house and tapped her phone. “He’s super tall. Like, Slenderman, and as pale as this wall,” she said in the clip, which clocked up 2.3 million views. “The most terrifying-looking person I’ve ever seen. I’m not coming for his looks, I’m coming for the fact that he might kill me.” But several fans reacted with skepticism, saying they didn’t believe the star’s story, as the details seemed too outlandish. Mongeau first started her popular YouTube channel back in 2015, becoming a bona fide star at the tender age of 17. She has now amassed more than 5.4 million followers on the platform, with millions more fans following her to other social media sites as well, including 7.2 million on TikTok. But it’s her OnlyFans account that has her raking in mountains of cash. She announced she was joining the platform back in May 2020 and has earned a whopping $10 million in the two years since. The bio for Mongeau’s racy account reads: “The only place I’m allowed to be naked and crazy… f–k w me baby.” Mongeau famously dated Bella Thorne and later staged a fake marriage to YouTuber boyfriend Jake Paul. The pair split in 2020.