“Top Gun 3” could soon be ready for takeoff. Miles Teller has revealed he’s talked with Tom Cruise about filming a third “Top Gun” movie, just days after their smash-hit sequel surpassed a staggering $1 billion at the box office. Teller, 35, revealed the news to “Entertainment Tonight” on Thursday, saying: “I’ve been having some conversations with him [Cruise] about it. We’ll see.” The prospect of another installment is sure to delight millions of “Top Gun: Maverick” fans who’ve flocked to cinemas to see the summer blockbuster, which has also won over critics. But Teller — who plays mustachioed pilot Bradley “Rooster” Bradshaw in the fast-paced flick — says it’s ultimately up to Cruise as to whether “Top Gun” will become a trilogy. “That would be great, but that’s all up to T.C.,” Teller clarified. “It’s all up to Tom.” Last month, “Top Gun: Maverick” director Joseph Kosinski revealed that Cruise “really didn’t want to” make a sequel to the original 1986 blockbuster, in which he famously played Pete “Maverick” Mitchell. In an interview with Polygon, Kosinski recalled reading the script for the sequel before flying to Paris in a bid to persuade Cruise to sign on. “Basically had 30 minutes to pitch this film … But when I got there, I found that Tom really didn’t want to make another ‘Top Gun,’” the director stated. However, Kosinski convinced Cruise the flick would be a hit, and the “Mission: Impossible” superstar subsequently used his incredible influence to help get the movie made. Kosinski recalled Cruise picking up his phone and calling the head of Paramount Pictures, defiantly telling the exec: “We’re making another ‘Top Gun.'” “It was pretty impressive to see the power of a real movie star in that moment,” the director declared. Indeed, it was the right move for Cruise to reprise his role as the fighter pilot, with “Top Gun: Maverick” becoming his best-performing film ever. Last week, it surpassed $1 billion in international box-office receipts, becoming the highest-grossing film around the world for 2022 so far. The action movie has surpassed Disney’s Marvel adventure “Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness,” which has made $943 million at theaters across the globe. Meanwhile, “Top Gun: Maverick” is also the highest-grossing movie of the year at the domestic box office, where it has surpassed  $521 million in ticket sales.