A 4-year-old girl has become an internet sensation after a TikTok video showed her sassily flipping off her father with her middle finger. Nia Matangi made the rude gesture in footage filmed by her dad, Ilai Matangi, during a family game of rugby in Queensland, Australia, last week. In the clip — which was posted by her father to TikTok — Nia can be seen crying after hurting her knee during the game. Ilai tells the youngster to “harden up,” before she sassily snaps back: “Harden up? Shut up!” Naughty Nia then stares down the camera before spectacularly raising her middle finger up to her father. But the dad didn’t appear offended by the impolite gesticulation and instead burst into laughter. The clip has quickly clocked up more than 6 million views on TikTok, with many left in hysterics by Nia’s antics. “She knows how to hold her own in any situation. Lmao at the finger salute!” one wrote. “She’s hilarious…must have a lot of laughs with her!” another admirer enthused. However, not everyone was amused by the video, with some saying Ilai’s style of parenting was too lax and that he needed to discipline his daughter. “Some kids these days don’t even have basic levels of respect it’s gross,” one chimed in, saying the act was “disrespectful.” A second critic stated: “I would have been kicked into the next decade if I did that to my parents.” Ilai told SWNS that he wasn’t expecting unwanted commentary from critics. “I replied back to some of the criticism on the comment section mainly with sarcasm, but really, I have nothing to say to them,” he stated. “I think people are concerned about the finger because she is a child and should not be doing that. I agree, but it goes back to context and it was situational,” the dad continued. “I do not consider myself a strict parent but we have boundaries and values we teach our kids. My wife is the stricter parent compared to me.” Meanwhile, the dad declared that he adores young Nia and said he is wrapped around her finger. “The same finger she flipped me off with!” he joked.