Now this is a low-down daddy shame. A labor-and-delivery nurse is virtually pulling back the hospital curtain on the hilariously “absurd” reasons why fathers have missed the births of their children — and yes, leaving the delivery room to catch up with an ex-girlfriend is one of them. “I have plenty of these stories,” snickered the pro baby catcher, known on social media as @Anna.the.nurse, in her trending TikTok tell-all entitled “Crazy reasons why a father missed the birth of his child.” In the clip, which racked up over 2.6 million views and was also shared on Instagram, Anna rattles off a list of the excuses that dads-to-be have used for being absent while their wives or girlfriends sweated, screamed and squeezed out an entire little human. “These are in no particular order because they’re all abusive if you ask me,” quipped Anna while positioned in front of a green-screen snapshot of the bullet points. “Number 1: He went to go get food,” she listed. “I had a patient, and I thought she was going to [give birth] fast. And I told [the dad that] I had a feeling, but he insisted that he did not like hospital food and he went to get fast food — missed the birth of his child.” Anna went on to shame the second big-daddy dope who missed his wife’s calls after setting his phone’s ringer on silent in order to “get a good nap in” while she labored. Then the nurse digitally spanked the third absentee offender for sneaking off to a fantasy football draft, hoping it’d be a “really quick” errand. “Yes, he left her during labor … Missed the birth of his child,” she sneered. And the papa flops only got worse. “Number 4: He had to feed the cat,” Anna said stalely before adding, “It was an outdoor cat.” But the fifth and final father-doesn’t-know-best fail was arguably the most egregious transgression of them all. “He left the room to talk to an ex who was in the parking lot,” Anna said. “I don’t know what the conversation [was about], but we tried to call him and he was not answering.” Social media moms weighed in with their own experiences of being left while in labor. “My husband missed the birth because one of [our] cattle was in labor,” penned a woman on Instagram. “He was there for the birth of the cattle, not his son, [and said] I had the doctor to assist, [the cow] didn’t. We’re still married.” Another online onlooker commented: “I’m in the south, the dads who leave go to the club.”