Billy Horschel is not happy with the apparent hypocrisy that has come with fellow pros committing to play in the Saudi Arabian-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series. During a news conference ahead of the Scottish Open on Tuesday, Horschel said he believes those who support the DP World Tour or PGA Tour while playing the LIV Tour are “completely asinine.” A seemingly fed up Horschel — who celebrated a victory at the Memorial Tournament last month — went on to defend the PGA Tour and its treatment of players, and claimed “a lot” of pros participating in the LIV Golf series haven’t been truthful. “I’ve been really frustrated by it because there’s a lot of guys that are hypocrites, that aren’t telling the truth, that are lying about some things, and I just can’t stand to sit here anymore and be diplomatic about it as I have been in the past,” Horschel said. “I don’t fault anyone for going to play the LIV tour. I don’t have any ill will for anyone going to play the LIV tour. I have ill will toward comments that they’ve made, comments saying that [PGA Tour commissioner] Jay Monahan doesn’t listen, the PGA Tour doesn’t listen to us. “Jay Monahan and everyone at headquarters is the PGA Tour. They work tirelessly for us to reap the financial rewards and have all the opportunities that we have. At the same time, I am one of 200-plus members of the PGA Tour. I am the PGA Tour, just as 200 other members are the PGA Tour, so when you take shots at the PGA Tour and Jay Monahan, you’re not just taking shots at them, you’re taking shots at us.” Horschel appeared to express issue specifically with pros that have joined LIV Golf, but have continued to play on the DP World Tour or PGA Tour. “I believe they made their bed,” Horschel said. “They decided to go play on a tour, and they should go play that tour. They shouldn’t be coming back over here to play the DP World Tour or the PGA Tour. To say that they wanted to also support this tour or the DP or PGA Tour going forward, while playing the LIV tour, is completely asinine in my opinion.” The DP World Tour fined members last month who competed at the Saudi-backed league’s inaugural event £100,000 ($105,000) and banned them from competing in three upcoming events that are co-sanctioned with the PGA: the Scottish Open, the Barbasol Championship, and the Barracuda Championship. Ian Poulter, Adrian Otaegui and Justin Harding all won a stay of their DP World suspension and will be playing the Scottish Open this week. Pros including Patrick Reed, Bryson DeChambeau, Brooks Koepka, Sergio Garcia and Phil Mickelson have been suspended by the PGA Tour for competing in LIV Golf tournaments without obtaining a conflicting-event release. England’s Paul Casey, the ranked No. 26 in the world, became the latest player to sign with LIV Golf this week. “Listen, there is a little division in the locker room, and some are more upset than others,” Horschel said. “I have no ill will, but I’m just tired of hearing comments that aren’t truthful.” Major champion Dustin Johnson resigned his membership from the PGA Tour to join rival LIV Golf — as did Garcia, Branden Grace, Martin Kaymer, Graeme McDowell, Kevin Na, Louis Oosthuizen, Turk Pettit, Charl Schwartzel and Lee Westwood, according to a letter from Monahan to PGA Tour players last month. Johnson reportedly received $125 million to leave the PGA Tour for LIV after rumors the latter had been poaching him. Mickelson’s agreement, reportedly worth $200 million, was first reported by The Post’s Mark Cannizzaro. Players who have joined the Saudi-funded league will still be allowed to compete at the British Open next month.