President Biden wouldn’t commit Thursday to pressing Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman on Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi’s ruthless murder when he meets with the monarch this week — after US intelligence determined the royal ordered the 2018 hit. “What will you say to Saudi leaders, specifically Crown Prince Mohammad, about the Khashoggi murder and other human rights practices?” Biden was asked during a Thursday joint press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid. “My views on Khashoggi have been absolutely, positively clear. And I have never been quiet about talking about human rights,” the president said before dancing around the subject to highlight the purpose of his visit. Ultimately, Biden gave a vague and noncommittal answer to the press, saying, “I always, always bring up human rights.” “My position on Khashoggi has been so clear, if anyone doesn’t understand it — in Saudi Arabia or anywhere else — they haven’t been around for a while,” he continued, appearing to suggest he wouldn’t need to press the crown prince, colloquially known as MBS. The president’s weak comments came after he vowed during his presidential campaign to make Saudi Arabia a “pariah” over MBS’s role in Khashoggi’s brutal killing. He has been highly criticized for even agreeing to meet with the royal, and reportedly rejected the idea himself at first. However, Biden ultimately agreed in a last-ditch effort to appeal to the oil-rich kingdom for an increase in production to help bring down fuel prices in the US. Thursday’s press conference — which was scheduled to highlight the joint signing of the US-Israel Strategic Partnership Joint Declaration — also revealed that the US and Israel have very different levels of concern when it comes to deterring Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. The leaders agreed that it is a top priority to prevent the outcome, with the joint declaration pledging “never to allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon, and that [the US] is prepared to use all elements of its national power to ensure that outcome.” However, Lapid emphasized a sense of urgency to use military force. “Words will not stop [Iran]. Diplomacy will not stop them,” the prime minister said in the joint press conference with Biden. “The only way to stop them is to put a credible military threat on the table.” Lapid’s view remained at odds with that of Biden, who emphasized that he firmly believes “diplomacy” is the best way to achieve that outcome. During an interview with Israel’s Channel 12 aired Wednesday night, Biden noted that he believed the use of force should be a “last resort.” Despite his diplomatic push, Biden did say the US will not “wait forever” for Iran to accept the current agreement. “Let me be absolutely clear, we will not — let me say it again, we will not allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon,” he said. During the press conference, the president also took a moment to praise the Abraham Accords — the first peace deals between the Jewish state and Arab nations in decades — that was spearheaded by the Trump administration. “Tomorrow I’ll be the first American president to fly from Israel directly to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia,” Biden said. “That represents important progress.”