MONTREAL — The first act of a vital month for the Islanders will commence Thursday night. Fans hoping general manager Lou Lamoriello will tip his hand before then surely know that hope is in vain. “I think like everything else,” Lamoriello said upon exiting the NHL’s GM meetings Wednesday, “you’re open to anything.” The Islanders hold the 13th pick in the first round of the draft. The first decision in front of Lamoriello is whether to make the pick at all or trade it for something that can give the organization more immediate help than an 18-year-old who likely won’t reach the NHL for a couple of years. If Lamoriello chooses not to go through that door, there is the matter of who to take in a draft he said contains a “fairly good” selection. “There’s good players,” Lamoriello said. “And the question is, they’re still at a certain age where there’s unknown. We feel we’ll get a good pick. Our staff is happy where we’re at, and we have a couple situations depending on who’s there. It’s like everything else.” Given that the Islanders believe their championship window to be open, it is a logical next step to believe that the current roster will be given every priority. Over the coming weeks, the Islanders must figure out their defense corps, which likely will lose Zdeno Chara, Andy Greene and Sebastian Aho, and was lacking in speed and transition last season. Lamoriello said Wednesday there haven’t been any discussions with the 45-year-old Chara or the 39-year-old Greene (both of whom are considering retirement) regarding a return. Noah Dobson, who is coming off a 51-point breakout season, will also need to be re-signed as he enters restricted free agency. Should the opportunity present itself at some point over the next couple of days, it could make sense for the Islanders to get a bit of business done on their blue line now, instead of waiting for free agency, which will be dependent on their fickle salary-cap situation and the whims of individual players. “We’ll be as active as we can to make us better,” Lamoriello said of free agency, which begins July 13. “Whatever we need to do, we’ll do to make us better. But remember, it takes two to make a transaction. We all have our wish list. … But we’re happy with our group. It’s obvious. We are.” That sentiment, which feeds into the belief that 2021-22 was a fluke amid an otherwise competitive run, will underscore whatever the Islanders do or don’t do this offseason. They believe they can win with the core they have. “When you draft 13, in other words, you’re open to anything that’s gonna make you better,” Lamoriello said. “Whether it’s today, tomorrow, but you’re not gonna do something foolish. But you’re open. You have to be open.” Lamoriello said there are no concerns about Ilya Sorokin’s status, though the goaltender returned home to Russia during the offseason. After Flyers prospect Ivan Fedotov was reportedly sent to a military base after allegedly trying to evade service, there are worries around the league about whether Russian players who went home will be allowed to come back amid the country’s war on Ukraine. Sorokin’s agent, Dan Milstein, did not respond to a text from The Post seeking clarification on his situation. “I’m very comfortable in the situation of our players,” Lamoriello said. “Everything sometimes gets blown out of proportion.” New assistant coach Doug Houda will work with the defensemen, and Brian Wiseman’s role will be centered around offense. Lamoriello said there are no plans to hire a third assistant coach, and nothing will change regarding Piero Greco’s role as goaltending coach or Mitch Korn’s as director of goaltending. Bode Wilde, the Islanders’ second-round pick in 2018, is still “in limbo” over his unvaccinated status, Lamoriello said. Wilde played 40 games for Vasterviks IK in Sweden’s second division last season, scoring 10 points.