Could Huma Abedin already be moving in with her new beau, Bradley Cooper? In June, Abedin, 45, put her East Hampton pad up for rent at $35,000 per month — only a couple of months after she started dating Cooper, The Post can report. The former deputy chief of staff to Hillary Clinton and ex-wife of the disgraced New York politico Anthony Weiner purchased the five-bedroom, four-bathroom home for $1.15 million in November 2020, amid their ongoing divorce proceedings, records show. Spanning nearly 3,000 square feet, amenities of the colonial-style home include a heated pool, an outdoor shower and an expansive patio area. Located in the Springs neighborhood, features include newly renovated bathrooms and an expansive dining room for entertaining. Built in 1992, the living room comes with a fireplace and the kitchen has newly re-stained cherry cabinets, new Caesarstone countertops and new stainless-steel appliances, the listing notes. The primary suite boasts a recently updated bath with a double marble-top vanity, marble tile flooring and a frameless glass-enclosed shower with a bench. When it was first listed for rent on June 3, Abedin was asking for $27,500 per month. But at the start of July, the price went up to $35,000. Lee Felty and Adriel Reboh with Compass hold the listing. As Page Six reported, Abedin and Cooper, 47, have been secretly dating for a few months, with sources revealing that Vogue editor Anna Wintour was the one who “played matchmaker.” “She’s BFFs with Bradley and adores Huma,” an insider said. It is unclear where Abedin will spend most of her time once the Hamptons home has been rented out. Records show she is still holding onto her marital home she shared with Weiner. The two purchased the three-bedroom, two-bathroom Flatiron home for $2.52 million in 2014 shortly after Weiner’s sexting scandal was uncovered. It briefly listed for rent in 2017 when Abedin filed for divorce. Their divorce finalized at the start of the year. Meanwhile, The Post previously reported that in 2019 Abedin rented out a unit at 510 E. 14th St. where Weiner shortly moved across the hall in a separate unit to co-parent their 9-year-old son. Abedin is also connected to an Upper East Side rental. Meanwhile, Cooper, who shares a 5-year-old daughter with supermodel Irina Shayk, shelled out $13.5 million for a West Village townhouse in 2018. Abedin has long been the subject of news due to her past with Weiner, the latter of whom was convicted of one count of transmitting obscene material to a minor in 2017 and ultimately spent 18 months at the Federal Medical Center, Devens, in Massachusetts. Abedin made the decision to stick by her husband initially after he was caught in 2011 using his public Twitter account to send a sexually explicit photo of himself to another woman. A second sexting scandal erupted in 2013, shortly after Weiner attempted a political comeback and began running for New York City mayor. Weiner sent explicit photos under the alias “Carlos Danger” to a then-22-year-old woman in April 2013, a little over a year after he resigned from Congress. Abedin made the decision to divorce Weiner when it came to light that he had sexted another woman, including sending a picture while he was lying in bed with his young son. “After long and painful consideration and work on my marriage, I have made the decision to separate from my husband,” Abedin said in a statement. “Anthony and I remain devoted to doing what is best for our son, who is the light of our life. During this difficult time, I ask for respect for our privacy.” In 2016, Weiner was caught sexting with a 15-year-old girl from North Carolina, and devices owned by Weiner were seized as part of an investigation into this incident. His total sentence was 21 months in prison for transferring obscene material to a minor, 18 at the medical center in Massachusetts and the rest in a halfway house. The criminal investigation into Weiner’s activities led to emails that were discovered on his laptop from Hillary Clinton’s time as Secretary of State. This prompted former FBI Director James Comey to reopen that investigation just 11 days before the 2016 US presidential election. Clinton has stated that Comey’s decision to do so was one of the reasons she lost the election to Donald Trump.