Keep calm and carat on. One-of-a-kind jewels from Queen Elizabeth II’s personal collection will be on display this summer as part of a special exhibit honoring the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee — including Her Majesty’s famous Diamond Diadem. The jaw-dropping display will open to the public Friday in Buckingham Palace’s State Rooms. Royal fans will be able to marvel at the Queen’s most widely recognized piece of jewelry, the Diamond Diadem crown which she wore on her coronation in 1953. The priceless headpiece is set with 1,333 brilliant-cut diamonds and two rows of pearls, according to the Royal Collection Trust. It was originally created for the famously extravagant coronation of George IV in 1821. Also included in “The Queen’s Accession” exhibition is the dazzling Delhi Durbar necklace, which features nine pristine emeralds and an 8.8 carat diamond pendant cut from the largest diamond ever found, the Cullinan diamond, the Trust said. But bling isn’t the only thing to marvel at. The exhibit showcases stunning original portraits of Queen Elizabeth II taken over her 70-year-long (and counting) reign. The featured photographs of the beloved royal were taken by acclaimed society photographer Dorothy Wilding. Twenty-four of Wilding’s striking photographs, taken just weeks after the Queen’s accession, were used to depict Her Majesty on stamps and coins over the next two decades. Wilding began photographing the British royal family in the 1920s — and in May 1937 she became the first official female royal photographer when she was asked to mark the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother. Royal watchers will also be able to see photographs of an 11-year-old Elizabeth, then-princess, who poses alongside her parents and sister Margaret. The unprecedented exhibit — put together by Caroline de Guitaut, deputy surveyor of The Queen’s Works of Art at the Royal Collection Trust — is set up in the palace’s historic State Rooms first used by Queen Victoria during her reign. It is the first time they are open to the public in three years. “We wanted to create a display at Her Majesty’s official residence,” de Guitaut told The Post. “Using portraits by Dorothy Wilding was key for us, because they are literally the first ever official portraits taken of the Queen. The reason they are so seminal is that the image was disseminated throughout the country and the commonwealth,” she continued. “These photographs have never really been exhibited all together in this way before, so that seems like a really sensible thing to start with. To be able to pair the images with the jewels that are depicted is a great privilege.” The display also features official photographs marking the monarch’s Silver, Golden, Diamond, and Platinum Jubilees from across the decades. Queen Elizabeth II, 96, is Britain’s longest-reigning monarch — and the world’s second-longest reigning monarch. She ascended the throne at just 25 years old following the death of her father King George VI in February 1952. She celebrated her Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years on the thone, with much fanfare and opulence in February. “The Platinum Jubilee: The Queen’s Accession” is open until Oct. 2, 2022.