The Yankees have officially entered trade season. Not long after they dropped a second straight to the Mets at Citi Field, 3-2, the Yankees announced they acquired Andrew Benintendi from the Royals in exchange for three minor league pitchers. Benintendi, 28, gives the Yankees another left-handed bat to deploy in the outfield, with Joey Gallo almost certainly heading out of town and Giancarlo Stanton on the injured list. It comes with the Yankees in the midst of their toughest stretch of the season, having lost 10 of their last 15, but still comfortably in first place in the AL East. Benintendi is making $8.5 million this season. One potential hang-up in the trade was the fact Benintendi missed the Royals’ recent trip to Toronto because he was unvaccinated and the Yankees have three more regular-season games in Toronto and could potentially meet the Blue Jays in the postseason. According to The Post’s Jon Heyman, Benintendi has told people he will get vaccinated. The Yankees sent right-handers Chandler Champlain and Beck Way and left-hander T.J. Sikkema to Kansas City in the move. “He’s obviously a really good player having an All-Star season,’’ Aaron Boone said before the move was made official. “He has a track record of success with the Red Sox in their championship run and put together a really good year with the Royals.” Benintendi had an OPS of .788 in 92 games with Kansas City this season entering Wednesday, but has done his real damage against right-handed pitching, with an OPS of .844. “He was a sparkplug in Kansas City,” Aaron Judge said. “His bat-to-ball skill and speed [stand out] and he works a good at-bat.” Before the game, Boone was asked if he believed his team needed a spark by Tuesday’s trade deadline, as it did a year ago, when the Yanks acquired Anthony Rizzo and Gallo, as well as Clay Holmes. “The way I look at it, and we talked about it today in the coaches meeting, we have everything here capable of competing with anyone in the league [and] in the world and that’s our focus,’’ Boone said. “If that changes as the days unfold, which inevitably may happen that aids us, great. But our job is to try to get the most out of this group right now. If that’s the case, we’ve shown so far we can win big with this group and that’ll be our expectations moving forward.” Even with the month of mediocrity — including Wednesday’s loss in Queens — the Yankees have an 11 ½-game lead over the Blue Jays in the division.