New Panthers quarterback Baker Mayfield is looking forward to an “open competition” with Sam Darnold for the starting job in Carolina. In a press conference on Tuesday, Panthers general manager Scott Fitterer said it’s an “open competition” at quarterback, with Darnold, P.J. Walker, and Matt Corral already on the roster. The Browns traded Mayfield to Carolina for a conditional 2024 fifth-round pick earlier this month. “I think when you’re at any level as high as this in the NFL, nobody has the mentality of being a backup,” Mayfield said in his first press conference since the trade. “We’re at this level because we compete to be the very best and that’s why Sam is here as well, and that’s why Matt Corral just got drafted, and P.J. Walker has competed and fought through a lot of adversity as well. “My intention is to become the best quarterback I can be and help this team win and that’s why I’m happy to be in Carolina. I feel like the team is very close to being really good. We just have to put the pieces together and come together as a team, and however that happens, I’m going to do my job and fill whatever role is to be expected of me and be a great leader and a great teammate.” Mayfield assured that there will be no drama permeating throughout the team in terms of a competition with Darnold, whom he had already spoken to prior to the press conference. “Sam and I have known each other for a few years,” Mayfield said, calling the former Jets signal-caller a “great guy” who welcomed him to Carolina with tips on where to look for a new home with his wife Emily Mayfield. “I’m looking forward to being in that quarterback room with him and the competition and helping each other out. He’s a good guy that wants to help his team win and loves football.” Fitterer said Tuesday that Carolina added Mayfield to their quarterback room “to make the group better as a whole,” and confirmed the team has no plans to move Darnold. “I think the competition is going to make Sam better. He had a great spring for us… I think overall this is a very healthy situation for us to be in.” Fitterer explained that Carolina is focused on “the short term right now” concerning their quarterback situation. “Our whole focus is bringing Baker in to compete with Sam and we’ll take it up to training camp and we’ll make decisions in November or December regarding a future quarterback situation,” Fitterer said. “I want to take it short term right now. Allow them to compete in camp. We’re not going to commit to anything right now. “As far as Sam, we need to stabilize the position. That was a priority in the offseason. He played well to start the season last year. He can play football but we need to add another NFL vet, a body to the mix to stabilize that position so we can feel good about this team going into next season.” The Panthers signed Cam Newton to a one-year deal last November after Darnold suffered a shoulder injury and struggled to produce. Darnold has a guaranteed salary of $18.9 million for 2022, according to Spotrac. Mayfield, who is slated to be a free agent at the end of the season, took roughly a $3 million pay-cut in the deal that sent him to Carolina. Fitterer praised the Browns organization for how they handled the trade. Mayfield had wanted out of Cleveland since March, when he admittedly felt “disrespected”  after the Browns secured his replacement in former Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson, whom the team signed to a five-year, fully guaranteed $230 million contract.