First Tom Brady, now Sean Payton. It seems like no NFL retirement is permanent anymore. The former Saints head coach joined Brady in announcing his retirement following the 2021 season, and while the Buccaneers quarterback has already opted back into football, Payton is just feeling the itch to get back in the game. “I usually get a pit in my stomach about seven days before camp opens,” Payton told USA Today. “When do most teams go in, the 26th [of July], the 27th?” The 58-year-old coach ended his 15-year run with the Saints soon after his star QB Drew Brees stepped away from the game. Still, he wont be fully away from football for the time being with a deal with Fox Sports as a studio analyst until a future coaching opportunity presents itself. The Cowboys, Chargers and Panthers are already on Payton’s radar, per the Miami Herald. The Dolphins also attempted to recruit the veteran coach and were reportedly prepared to offer him a $100 million deal, but the Saints denied Miami’s interview request. Payton still has two years on his contract with the Saints, so any team that wants his services would need to be willing to send something to New Orleans in return. “Ultimately, do I think I’ll get back in? Sure,” Payton said. “There’s no way to predict who that club might be. Usually, there are about six openings every year. If there’s a right fit somewhere, that ultimately will depend on several factors.” Until one of those opportunities presents itself, Payton will focus on settling into his new role, working the Fox Sports pregame shows and doing Fox NFL Sunday every other week. “I’m really excited about Fox and working with the crew,” Payton said. “It’s going to be a great experience. I’m looking forward to being on the other side.” During his time in New Orleans, Payton led the organization to its only Super Bowl title, during the 2009 season. The team also racked up division titles during that span and Payton is the Saints’ all-time winningest coach. As for his next coaching job? “We’ll deal with it when the time comes,” he said.