Elon Musk expounded on plans to colonize Mars and fix declining birth rates at the secretive Sun Valley tech and media conference — but dodged questions about the collapse of his $44 billion Twitter takeover deal, according to reports. During a question-and-answer session on Saturday, the world’s richest man avoided talking about a fresh regulatory filing in which he said he was terminating his deal for Twitter due to concerns about fake accounts on the site. Twitter chairman Bret Taylor has said that it plans to sue Musk in order to force the deal to close. Instead of addressing the elephant in the room, Musk spoke at length about the necessity of colonizing Mars, Bloomberg reported. He reportedly called human life on Mars a “civilian life insurance” policy in case disaster strikes on Earth. Musk also talked about the necessity of boosting birth rates, according to Reuters. The issue has been a recent hobby horse for the Tesla CEO, who has at least nine children and has spoken extensively on Twitter about declining births in wealthy countries. After reports emerged last week about Musk fathering twins with an executive at his brain chip company Neuralink, Musk wrote on Twitter that he was “doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis” and said that “a collapsing birth rate is the biggest danger civilization faces by far.” One anonymous attendee told Reuters that Musk “makes his own rules.” “It just seems like an absolute mess,” the attendee said. “I’d hate to be Twitter, where you have to take this guy seriously.” Musk made the comments at the posh Allen & Company conference in Sun Valley, Idaho during a Q&A with Sam Altman, an entrepreneur and venture capitalist who’s the CEO of artificial intelligence firm OpenAI. The annual conference attracts tech and media heavyweights, with this year’s attendees including Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Warner Bros. Discovery CEO David Zaslav and Meta’s Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg. Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal — whom Musk has publicly attacked on Twitter — was also seen at the conference. Twitter reportedly plans to file a suit against Musk early this week in Delaware court and has hired merger law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to fight the mogul. Musk backed out of the deal after Twitter failed to provide information about fake accounts on the platform, court documents filed by his team claimed. His attorneys alleged in a Friday court filing that “Twitter is in material breach of multiple provisions” of the buyout deal, and that the company “appears to have made false and misleading representations upon which Mr. Musk relied when entering into the Merger Agreement.” The Tesla boss has retained Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, a high-profile firm that he’s worked with before, according to Bloomberg. The case is likely to be tried in a chancery court, where a judge who is an expert in business law will hear arguments without a jury. Additional reporting by Ben Kesslen