The Yankees’ injury woes now include Giancarlo Stanton, who landed on the 10-day injured list with left Achilles tendinitis on Tuesday before the Subway Series opener against the Mets in Queens. Aaron Boone rested Stanton more than usual after his return from last week’s All-Star Game in Los Angeles, but both the manager and Stanton insisted he was just worn down from the first half. That changed, Boone said, on Monday’s off day after their series in Baltimore, when Stanton woke up with soreness in his left ankle and requested an MRI exam. “We’re hoping it’s a minor thing and believe that [it is],’’ Boone said. That hasn’t always been the case with Stanton and leg injuries, but he was out just the 10 days earlier in the season, when he suffered a right calf strain. Asked if the team expected him to miss “two to three weeks” with the Achilles issue, Boone said, “It could be shorter.” Tim Locastro was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to take Stanton’s spot on the roster. Prior to the Achilles injury, Stanton was held out of the lineup for a second straight game on Sunday in Baltimore, with Boone noting Stanton seemed “exhausted” heading into the All-Star break. At the time, Stanton said, “I’m beat up, but overall, I’m fine.” After playing in the All-Star Game in Los Angeles last Tuesday, Stanton was in the lineup for the nightcap of Thursday’s doubleheader in Houston and Friday’s series opener in Baltimore and pinch hit Saturday. Since the break, Stanton is 0-for-10 with seven strikeouts. Over the weekend, Boone and Stanton both indicated he’d likely play Tuesday, perhaps even in the outfield. Boone added he wasn’t aware of anything going on with Stanton’s Achilles before the break and said there are no second thoughts in having him play in front of his hometown crowd at Dodger Stadium, where Stanton was named All-Star Game MVP. When he does come back, Boone said Stanton will continue to be an option in the outfield. Get all the latest live and local coverage from the New York Post as the Yankees and Mets face off for Game 1 of the 2022 Subway Series.  Asked if it changes his availability as an outfielder, Boone said, “Not really.” “I don’t look at it like that at this point,’’ the manager said. “I still maintain that playing the outfield serves him well, too. He avoids other things because it keeps him more active and athletic.” To Boone’s point, so far this season, Stanton has an .848 OPS as a right fielder and a .791 OPS as a DH. Stanton is second on the Yankees with 24 homers, but his production slipped in the latter part of the first half. Since May 22, he’s hitting just .153 (23-for-150) with 13 homers and an OPS of .699 in 44 games. “We’ll see where we’re at a week from now,’’ Boone said of Stanton being reevaluated. “We hope it’s a short stint that turns into something, from a timing standpoint, that serves him and us well and refreshes him for down the stretch.” The timing wasn’t great for Stanton or the Yankees, since he’s hit well at Citi Field dating back to his days with the Marlins. His 23 homers at Citi Field are the most at any opposing stadium.