Every player is scrutinized during training camp, some more heavily than others. Here are five Giants of special interest to watch this summer: Big surprise, huh? Toney did not exactly hit the ground running last year in his first NFL camp, and he did not exactly light the world on fire this past spring, missing all the team work with a knee issue that was considered minor. Well, at some point he has to get on the field, stay on the field and show more than glimpses and teases of the immense physical talent he possesses: Right? Is he a starting-caliber left guard or merely a holdover from the previous coaching regime destined to come and go without much notice? He brought an aura of toughness to run blocking when he got in the lineup in 2020, but he was far from acceptable as a pass protector. Lemieux played in only one game in 2021 before needing knee surgery. Now he is healthy and will challenge for a starting spot. Is this 25-year-old a part of the solution along the offensive line, or will someone, such as rookie Joshua Ezeudu, beat him out of a spot with the first team? Get used to seeing this name on every Giants “Watch for’’ list for the foreseeable future. Heck, he was the No. 5-overall pick in the draft, and he arrived with a big game and bigger personality. Expectations are through the roof. He has the stamp of approval from Hall of Famer Michael Strahan, but that only goes so far. Thibodeaux at times was a dominant pass rusher and defender at Oregon, accent on “at times.’’ He needs to be a full-time menace before he gets stamped as the next Giants sack artist. Sure, it is his job, and as long as he is healthy, he is QB1 as he enters the final year of his contract. Veteran Tyrod Taylor was signed to serve as the backup, and he is a far superior No. 2 option to anything the Giants have had in quite some time. Fans at these open camp practices will like what they see from Taylor. Jones is in the formative stages of indoctrinating to yet another new offensive system, and growing pains are expected. It would be comforting for the entire franchise if he accelerates the learning curve and makes things happen sooner, rather than later. Really? Yes, really. This third-round pick from LSU has a chance for significant playing time as a rookie. In case you had not noticed, the Giants are thin at cornerback, and there is a glaring hole on the starting defense opposite starter Adoree’ Jackson — who is not exactly a sure-thing himself at CB1. Aaron Robinson is coming off an injury-slowed rookie year, and he could be the answer as a starting perimeter corner, but he might be better-suited inside, in the slot. Flott is rail-thin 175 pounds, but long enough at 6-foot-1 to survive on the outside. It would greatly enhance the entire operation on defense if Flott gets it sooner, rather than later.