Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy — who’s battling disturbing allegations of rough and violent sex — was ripped as a “rape apologist” and a “f–king jerk” while picking up a pizza on Long Island, new video shows. Portnoy posted a four-minute video at La Capricciosa Brick Oven Pizza in Greenport on Tuesday, showing a woman going off on him as he filmed one of his pizza reviews. When the woman calls him a “rape apologist,” Portnoy tells the person recording to zoom in on her. “You’re a f–king jerk. Zoom in on him, and see how f–king soulless he is,” the mystery woman snaps back. “Why do you say that?” the 44-year-old Internet celebrity replies. “Because I’ve seen the s–t that you write and also your anti-union bulls–t is disgusting,” she says. “Anti-union?” replies Portnoy, whose sports and pop culture site labeled the incident a “hater confrontation.” In 2019, Portnoy threatened to fire any employee “on the spot” who discussed unionizing — prompting a National Labor Relations Board probe into where he illegally attempted to stop subordinates from forming a union. He and his popular site has come under fire in recent years for rape jokes, use of the N-word and harassment of women journalists. The heckler continues, “I hope your f–king Barstool Sports bulls–t dies and rots in the ground just like you, honey.” “We’re 20 year, though. We’re 20 years,” he says, naming roughly how long his company, founded in 2003, has existed. “You’re f–king ugly, by the way,” she concludes, before storming off. After the 30-second back-and-forth, Portnoy chuckles and a different woman shoots back, “You’re f–king ugly.” An admirer on the sidewalk then requests a selfie with the content creator, who agrees. “F–k that lady!” the Portnoy fan yells. “No, it’s good for the video,” the Barstool head says. The clash comes after several women told a news outlet in November that Portnoy subjected them to abusive, humiliating and painful trysts. “It was so rough I felt like I was being raped,” one alleged victim, identified only as Madison, said she texted to a friend, Insider reported. “He videotaped me and spit in my mouth and choked me so hard I couldn’t breathe.” He insisted at the time the allegations were “100% not true” and slammed the story as a “slander piece.” In February, three more women told Insider that Portnoy filmed their sexual encounters without their permission. One woman claimed that he broke her rib. Portnoy denied the allegations and sued the news site, claiming the stories were “false and defamatory.” A spokesperson for Insider previously told The Post, “We stand behind our reporting and will defend the case vigorously.”