Fox Nation’s “Who Is Alec Baldwin” dives into the life and career of the complex actor. Hosted by Fox News Channel’s Brian Kilmeade, the special premiered Monday night on the network’s subscription-based digital platform and features interviews with celebrity life coach Vivace Maxvictor, Wall Street Journal film critic Kyle Smith, movie critic Christian Toto and The Federalist reporter Emily Jashinsky The experts reminded viewers that Baldwin wasn’t a superstar overnight, but he wowed his first — and then ex — wife, Kim Basinger, whom he married in 1993. They starred together in the 1991 romantic comedy “The Marrying Man.” Jashinsky recalled how the couple was bashed in the press for reportedly being “very difficult to work with.” But that would be nothing compared to Baldwin’s future scandals, including the leaked 2007 voicemail the “Beetlejuice” actor left his then-11-year-old daughter, Ireland, in which he called her a “rude, thoughtless little pig.” “He has zero self-regulation and zero emotional self-control and zero capacity to care for the thoughts and feelings of other people,” Maxvictor said about the incident. As stated in the show, “Glengarry Glen Ross” and “Working Girl” star Baldwin, 64, openly admitted that he contemplated suicide after the leaked audio became public. “I spoke to a lot of professionals, who helped me,” he told Playboy. “If I committed suicide, they [Basinger’s side] would have considered that a victory. Destroying me was their avowed goal.” Although unpleasant to hear, the “Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation” actor’s career in Hollywood remained unaffected after the call. “He was a superstar on ’30 Rock.’ Are you gonna kick him off that show?” Toto posed. “I’m sure NBC Studios could think about it maybe they didn’t think about it but you’ve got a winning show at the very start of its run and he was critical to the success to the chemistry to the formula in play. If you give it up — and Hollywood is often very pragmatic and they said no,” he concluded. This past April, the 68-year-old Basinger discussed her former marriage on “Red Table Talk,” telling Jada Pinkett Smith and her family that Baldwin wasn’t always “emotionally and mentally available” to face serious issues regarding Ireland. However, any past issues with child-rearing apparently haven’t stopped Baldwin from expanding his bloodline. He and his wife Hilaria, 38, currently have six children — with one more on the way. Of course, experts in the documentary also discuss the fatal shooting incident on the set of “Rust” in October 2021 when Baldwin accidentally shot and killed cinematographer Halyna Hutchins with a prop gun that was supposed to be empty. The film is now suspended, although in May producers said they were “confident” the project could be completed. “Who is Alec Baldwin?” is available to stream for Fox Nation subscribers.