Not so sweet — and very vicious. The owner of Manhattan bar Sweet & Vicious has agreed to pay a $500,000 settlement in a case accusing him of sexually harassing and demeaning female and minority staff – including regularly calling them “b—hes” and “cows,” officials announced Wednesday. Hakan Karamahmutoglu, who runs the Nolita watering hole established in 1996, allegedly used slurs against employees, stole their tips and allowed male managers and customers to rub up on, threaten and harass women workers, according to court papers filed by New York Attorney General Letitia James. The settlement, to be split among 16 current and former workers, was brokered by the AG’s office, which carried out a 16-month investigation into the allegations, interviewing witnesses and reviewing documents and records. The probe found that Karamahmutoglu allowed a work culture where female bartenders were harassed and physically threatened by customers, James said. Customers threatened to stab, rape and beat the women and threw glasses at them — yet management did nothing to intervene. Some male managers were free to sexually harass the women as well, with one kissing a female employee and rubbing his body against hers, the AG alleged. In one reported incident, a bar manager noted the color of a worker’s underwear and said he would “f–k her.” “I remember the owner would come in very drunk and he would say a lot of disgusting things,” said Katy Guest, who worked at the bar for roughly eight months around 2017. “He would touch girls on their hips and kind of grab them,” the former bartender told The Post by phone. She added that he had an attitude of, “I’m the owner, I can do what I want.” The 33-year-old Williamsburg, Brooklyn, resident claimed Karamahmutoglu once referred to her as “the Chinese one” to his friends in earshot of her. “I’m not even Chinese,” she said. “I always felt like I couldn’t defend myself.” The AG investigation found that Karamahmutoglu ordered managers to hire bartenders who were “tall, blonde, beautiful, and sexy like the women who worked at the bars in Ibiza.”. Any women who didn’t fit this mold weren’t hired or were marginalized or fired. The nightmare bar owner slung derogatory words at workers including calling black security guards “gangsters,” calling a Puerto Rican manager a “terrorist,” and telling “his staff not to hire any more ‘Puerto Rican trash,’ because they were ‘not trustworthy,'” the AG alleged. He once told a female bartender, “I like your fat black ass,” and he used gay slurs, James claimed. In addition to facing alleged sexual harassment and slurs, the women were made to work overtime without pay, their tips were stolen and they were forced to stand on their feet for eight hours straight without eating or even getting a bathroom break. Guest, the former bartender, recalled one particularly harrowing incident at the longtime watering hole — popular among college students and known for its  “Jargaritas,” or margaritas served in mason jars — where a drunk customer threw a glass at her head. “Thankfully they missed,” she said, while adding that she felt unsafe because there weren’t enough security guards for the amount of people that were allowed to pack into the pub. “I was so upset and mad. I kept trying to raise my concerns,” Guest said. “No one cared. I was just brushed off.” She was among several former employees who appeared at a press conference alongside James announcing the settlement Wednesday. One unnamed former staffer said in a statement that in their time working at the bar, “Hakan, his mother, and the all-male management team created an environment of distrust, surveillance, condescension, racism, and misogyny.” “Hakan was all too comfortable in unabashedly and frequently using racial, sexist, and homophobic slurs to refer to his employees and customers.” The worker said they were glad to hold the bar accountable, adding they hoped it would discourage “other like-minded employers in the industry from subjecting future employees to the same harmful treatment.” Karamahmutoglu said he fully cooperated with the AG’s probe and argued that “many of the claims are simply untrue, or grossly misleading.” “I am deeply distressed by the allegations as they do not reflect my perspective or character, and they do not reflect the attitude of the bar to its employees or customers,” his statement said. “I signed the settlement agreement to bring closure to this episode and to allow all parties to move on,” he said. “Sweet & Vicious has always strived to create a welcoming atmosphere for all of its employees, staff, vendors, and customers,” Karamahmutoglu said. The company has agreed to enhance its anti-sexual harassment and discrimination policies and it will be periodically monitored by the AG’s office, according to the settlement papers. “For far too long, workers in the hospitality industry have been forced to weather a pervasive culture of sexual harassment and discrimination that has gone unreported,” James said in a statement. “Every New Yorker should be able to go to work free from fear of abuse and degradation regardless of industry, and I pledge to continue to stand with all workers in the face of these harmful practices.”