She’s feeling skimpy in her SKIMS. Fashion influencer Ashley Lopez — who brands herself as “TikTok’s Plus-Size Fashion BFF” — tried on Kim Kardashian’s shapewear label and certainly wasn’t feeling herself. However, the fashionista, who frequently reviews shapewear, has since found success with a budget option from Walmart for $14. “I’m praying that I like this,” she said in the June video with 54,000 views, adding that she purchased a size XL. After trying on the bodysuit, Lopez noted that she would need to size down the undergarment. “Other than that, it’s really comfy through the thighs.” Her review was a stark contrast to the Kardashian line, which was too tight on her thighs and required a bigger size. Lopez ordered the large/extra-large sized nude bodysuit from Skims to try on for her 651,000 TikTok followers. Hoping to see if the elastic Sculpting Bodysuit would fit her properly, she shared her experiences in a viral clip with 2.1 million views. “I finally got my hands on some SKIMS shapewear,” Lopez said as she held the garment close to her. When she opened the box and saw the small suit, she gave a bewildered look to the camera. “This is an extra-large,” the influencer continued. “Look at the teeny tiny buttcheeks!” She then struggled to pull on the shapewear, grunting and trying to stretch out the material to help it fit her physique better. “Kimberly!” Lopez screamed. “She’s trying to snatch my soul!” Despite following the brand’s sizing guide, she wasn’t “sold” on Kardashian’s product. The fashionista then showed her thigh to her fans, where the tight cloth hung very snug on her legs. “What is happening right here?” Lopez said. She finally got the entire bodysuit on her frame and noted that she “definitely [feels] snatched.” “I never thought I would say this but that was too much work to be worth it,” she added. Her followers were shocked by what had transpired and commented on their own experiences with the reality star-turned-entrepreneur’s company. One wrote: “I ordered the size it said to based on my usual sizing and they wouldn’t even go up one leg.” “Imagine trying to go to the toilet when you’re out,” another viewer added. Kardashian’s undergarments have been criticized in the past for their “troubling” sizing. TikTok user Jasmine Alexandria went on a rant against the shapewear line in a viral video last December. “Now Kim Kardashian, we are going to have a f – – king conversation,” Alexandria angrily said on TikTok. “I got Skims for Christmas … and let me talk about the sizing because the sizing is what’s really troubling me.” “This is a Large/Extra Large and b – – ch this does not stretch,” she shouted, also calling out the rest of the Kardashian-Jenner clan for rumors of going under the knife in order to perfect their bodies. “It does not stretch. When I tell you I couldn’t even get this past up my thigh.” “So my question to Kim Kardashian is what size are you wearing in your line? ‘Cause you are not wearing a large/extra-large,” said Alexandria. “And I understand that the thighs might not match, but there’s no way you’re getting your a – – in this.”