Six protesters were arrested outside the East Hampton Airport on Monday after they blockaded the entrance to the tarmac and demanded that East End elites “pay up.” The group, part of New York Communities for Change, chanted “Tax the rich” as passengers arrived to the airport in their luxury vehicles to take private jet and helicopter rides. But sources told The Post the protest turned out to be a “dud” as no flights were cancelled — with one noting the airport has a private entrance for the richest of the rich that the group wasn’t blockading. Alice Hu, a climate campaigner with the group, said they targeted the airport as part of a series of demonstrations to demand that the state’s highest earners pay for affordable housing and climate change prevention. “We are here to say: you guys broke it, you fix it,” Hu told The Post. Protesters held signs that said “Abolish Billionaires” and “Inequality Kills.” They are calling for Gov. Kathy Hochul to impose higher taxes on New York’s wealthiest and redistribute the funds to those in need. East Hampton police said six of the two dozen or so demonstrators were arrested for disorderly conduct, a violation that amounts to less than a misdemeanor. “They stood in the road, refused to leave, they got arrested and everybody went about their happy way when it was all over,” Officer Christopher Anderson said Monday afternoon. No flights were cancelled, and all passengers leaving from the airport were able to make their rides. “It was beyond a dud of a protest,” a source connected to the airport told The Post, emphasizing that the demonstration was unrelated to the recent controversy over the privatization of the airport. “It was a place to find wealthy people,” the source said of the choice of location, adding cops took half an hour to show up. Another source who was at the scene told The Post that no billionaires were even affected because they have their own private entrance. The protest only affected the local workers and made their lives more difficult, the source said. Still, the demonstration sparked some shouting matches — with one video showing a woman confronting a protester, claiming members of the group hadn’t paid to park at the airport before they began to picket. In another clip posted by NY Communities for Change, protesters were seen yelling “tax the rich” at a passenger who was attempting to enter the airport. “Chad is getting triggered that he can’t get on his helicopter in East Hampton today,” the group tweeted, along with “#OccupyTheHamptons.” The demonstrators also erected a wooden tripod standing at least 10-feet tall that one of its members sat on until cops pulled her off it. Hu said her group has received tons of support from Hamptons locals as they held a series of protests in the ritzy enclave over the past few days. On Friday, NY Communities for Change blockaded the main street of Southhampton and on Saturday it marched down the “Billionaire’s Row” of the East End. “The billionaires and ultra-wealthy are driving rising inequality and emitting a disproportionate amount of emissions, fueling the climate crisis,” Hu said. The demonstrations come as The Post exclusively reported that workers for the superrich in the Hamptons are being forced to live in tents in the woods due to the area’s soaring costs. “I work for very rich people in the Hamptons but I can’t afford somewhere to live,” Juan Antonio Morales, a Guatemala native who lives behind an abandoned gas station, told The Post.