The suspect accused of nearly blinding volleyball star Kim Glass was caught on camera getting pinned down after the attack — just feet from the sobbing Olympian on a blood-splattered street. Good Samaritan Benson Parks posted a clip to social media showing him holding down the suspect in Saturday’s brutal attack, whom the LAPD identified as 51-year-old Semeon Tesfamariam. “What the f–k is wrong with you?” someone asked as the suspect was held down with a foot on his back in downtown Los Angeles. Olympic silver-medal-winning athlete Glass, 37, could be seen nearby, clutching her damaged eye as blood splattered the sidewalk between her and the pinned suspect. “Can you call my mom?” she asked, her voice fighting back tears as a woman tried to tend to her injuries as others called 911. “He threw it so hard!” she said of the metal pipe allegedly used. Glass had revealed that she feared she would be blinded after her fractured, blackened left eye was completely shuttered. “Yes I look like ET,” quipped Glass, who has previously appeared in Sports Illustrated’s swimsuit issue as well as ESPN’s The Body Issue. Parks, who calls himself a “serial entrepreneur” in his Instagram profile, described how he “jumped out” of his truck when he “heard a lady screaming.” When someone pointed out the accused attacker, he “chased his b—h-ass down and dragged him back, and [stomped] his face 1 time” he said, adding he “held him down while other people was just looking scared.” Parks shared a screenshot of a conversation with Glass, who saw his video and messaged the Good Samaritan to say she was “so incredibly thankful!!” for his help. “My heart fills up knowing that so many good people won’t turn a blind,” wrote Glass, who helped Team USA win silver at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Parks explained that he had only filmed the encounter to warn his fiancée off going alone to downtown Los Angeles, where recall efforts blame woke LA County District Attorney George Gascon for surging crime. “I hope this pushes LA county government to do something about the homeless crisis downtown and all over the city,” he wrote. He also said he hopes it “inspires any other man that sees a woman being attacked to go out your way to help her.” He vowed to do the same thing if he saw another person getting attacked — saying he would “STOMP HIS F–ING FACE.” Tesfamariam was held without bail after being charged with assault with a deadly weapon, said the LAPD, which did not confirm he was homeless.