Summer will start winding down eventually, and when it does, there’s no better time to dive into all the shows we’ve been waiting for. Or, if you’re anything like us, maybe you already binged most of the titles on your platforms of choice. If you’re looking for new movies to watch and shows to binge, you came to the right place. For a limited time — we’re talking July 12 and 13 — select Amazon Prime Video Channels are only 99 cents per month for two months. However, to benefit from this less-than-a-dollar deal, you need to be a Prime member, but we’re happy to help you get 30 free days of that, too, if you haven’t signed up already. Prime Video Channels allows you to kiss cable (and the ever-increasing monthly bills that come with it) goodbye without downloading every new streaming app. With Prime Video Channels, you add only the channels you want with the programs you watch and have it all in one place. No scrolling through an endless less of TV channels just to find your favorite show. Whether you have an unhealthy obsession with history or need some drama to escape the outside world, Prime Video Channels has you covered. This limited-time deal gives you over 18 channels to choose from, such as STARZ, Showtime, AMC+, Paramount+, Discovery+, Acorn TV, Hallmark Movies Now, PBS Masterpiece and more. We broke down some of our favorite channels below. If you like to feel like you’re living amongst the characters in your favorite show, then Starz is for you. The channel boasts a wide range of popular dramas, from historical fiction that takes you through three centuries like “Outlander” to modern takes on the trials and tribulations of running a strip club in “P-Valley.” Adding Showtime to your well-curated list of channels may be the best call for crime fanatics. Gear up for the third season of “City on a Hill” and watch Golden Globe-nominee Kevin Bacon navigate 1990s Boston as corrupt FBI veteran Jackie Rohr with Assistant District Attorney Decourcy Ward (Aldis Hodge) take on a family of armored car robbers. For the ultimate educational entertainment package, tag PBS Masterpiece, PBS Documentaries, and PBS Kids onto your Prime account, each for only 99 cents a month for two months. Dive into Ken Burn’s four-hour documentary on “Benjamin Franklin,” watch the Queen reign in “Victoria,” or keep your kids busy with “Arthur,” “Sid the Science Kid,” and even blast to the past like “Zaboomafoo.” If you like your tears served with a side of laughter, then consider tuning on a heartwarming rom-com with the Hallmark Movies Channel. It doesn’t have to be December to enjoy a classic like “Christmas in July” or immerse yourself in a drama like “When Calls the Heart.” Don’t love these channels? That’s OK because Prime Video Channels has tons to offer, these just happen to be the best on sale during Amazon Prime Day. Now is your chance to scoop up this deal, and maybe you will also decide to upgrade your smart TV or set up that outdoor theater you’ve been dreaming of to elevate your entire streaming experience. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.