Third-year Giants safety Xavier McKinney tackles some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby before training camp opens this week. Q: You were used to winning at Alabama. How difficult has it been to deal with losing? A: It’s hard, I’ll tell you that, man. I know how to win. And I think that there was a lot of stuff that we were doing that wasn’t a winning mentality. And sometimes it was players, sometimes it was coaching. It was kind of a mixture of both. I hate losing. I refuse to accept that mentality, and I don’t accept it. Q: What have you seen about the mentality from the players and the coaches in the offseason that gives you optimism about a winning mentality? A: Everything starts off with how you practice, man. I come from a place where practice makes perfect. I’ve lived and died by that. And I think how we practice has been great. A lot of guys are really bought into what we’re doing. When you have people bought in, people are gonna want to play for you and people are gonna want to go all out for you. If they ain’t feeling too good that day, they’re gonna want to go because they’re bought in because they believe in you because you lived by what you said, and not just saying it just to say. I think that we’ve all experienced that so far with the coaches that we have. They’ve been very true to what they’ve said. They haven’t lied about anything. And they’ve taken care of us. So with that, practice has gone great, meetings have gone great. After every practice, just players, we’re meeting right after practice trying to figure out: “All right, where did we mess up today? What mental errors did we have today? What can we improve? What call is better in this area?” That type stuff goes a long way. We didn’t really have much of that these last two years, and that was a big problem. That came with obviously a lot of like everything didn’t look organized. Even defensively there were times we played good, but sometimes the communication wasn’t there, and that’s because everybody was kind of on different … it was a lot of different things going on. But now, it’s not like that, man. Everybody’s trying to be on one accord, everybody’s trying to go out there and make plays, they’re not worried about messing up, and they’re just trying to get better, man. Q: Sum up the biggest difference in the way you practice from last year. A: We are practicing a lot harder. … Everybody is locked in. Everybody is paying attention to details, the intensity is high all the time. … Everybody is tired of losing, I think that’s what it is. Everybody’s made it clear like we don’t want to lose. We don’t come here to lose games, we come here to win games. Credit to the coaches, too, because when they come in, what they did tell us was: “Make sure you run to the ball every play. No matter if you’re tired, no matter if you’re a D-lineman, no matter if you’re a linebacker, no matter if you’re a safety on the other side, no matter if you’re a corner. Make sure you run to the ball.” Once we got that message, everybody was all in with that, and everybody ran to the ball. It didn’t matter how tired we were, it didn’t matter what day it was, it didn’t matter if we had a bad day … it didn’t matter if we had a good day (laugh). That’s one of the biggest things on the defensive side that’s happened, all 11 swarming to the ball every single play. Q: Are you all wearing down less, physically, in practices? A: They’ve done a great job of taking care of us. Dabes [head coach Brian Daboll] has done a great job of communicating with us. There were some days where he would come talk to me and be like: “How’s the defense feeling? Guys tired?” … There’s some things where it was like, “We’re sore.” He would make sure that he chopped some stuff down that we weren’t putting so much on our bodies. That really sunk in with us because it told us that he actually cared about how we felt. Because some coaches, they’ll ask you like, “Are you good?” And then you say, “Nah, not really,” and then we’ll do the same thing. So all right, why did you ask me if you weren’t gonna change anything? So like with him, he’ll ask, and he’ll actually stand true to that. When you give everybody your word and you actually live by it, that means a whole lot more when you don’t. The organization of the practice, too, has been great just of making sure that everybody knows where to go, everybody’s not just running around and not knowing where to go. … Now, when I see these coaches and how they’re implementing things and how we’re actually doing and going about things, it’s a night and day difference. Q: What have you learned about defensive coordinator Wink Martindale? A: He’s had an open mind to everybody’s ideas. He’s an easy guy to talk to. What we love as a defense, we’re able to just go out there and be playmakers. We don’t have to worry about making a mistake on a third down or a fourth down or something like that. He just wants us to go out there and play, and I think that’s what we’ve missed obviously the past two years. Even though we were really good defensively, I think everybody could tell you on the defensive side everybody was so afraid of being the one to make the mistake instead of just actually going out there and playing. Q: Can this be a top-10 defense? A: I think so, man. We’re still making strides to get there, that’s what we want to be. But I think we’re gonna have a great defense. Q: You hope to do more blitzing? A: Yeah man, I do. I think in this system we’ll all able to play in different roles. I am definitely prepared and ready to get back to blitzing. I haven’t blitzed in two years, so (laugh), it’ll be fun. I was really good at it. Q: What would you say the personality of this Giants defense will be? A: I think we’ll be relentless. I think we’ll be risk-takers. We have a defense full of playmakers, we got a defense full of guys that can go out there and get the ball and go out there and make a play each and every play. When things aren’t going our way, I think we are able to bounce back. Q: What are your thoughts on Kayvon Thibodeaux? A: He was back there a lot in OTAs. I like watching him do his thing. He’s been a great rook so far. We just gotta make sure that he brings them snacks come camp time (laugh). We love him, he’s definitely got a lot of character in him, but that’s what we want and that’s what we need, honestly. Q: He and Azeez Ojulari can be a deadly duo? A: For sure. For sure. They’re gonna push each other. Q: Cornerback Aaron Robinson? A: I always push him to another level just because I know what we’re gonna need from him, and he knows that. Q: Cornerback Cor’Dale Flott? A: What I love about a rookie or a younger player is when they get out there with the 1s and they communicate. And that’s what I saw from Day 1 with him. He was very vocal when he got out there, and even if he didn’t quite know what to do, he wasn’t afraid to ask. Q: Rookie safety Dane Belton? A: That’s almost like my brother, I feel like already. I’ve been just pushing him in everything as far as watching film, coming out of his breaks better, everything. I pretty much nitpick with him just because I know how good he can be. A lot of what I see in him now is kind of how I was when I was a rookie, how I felt like I was talent-wise, and I think he’s got the same ability, the same skill set. Q: Rookie offensive tackle Evan Neal, your former Alabama teammate? A: You would never question how hard this dude plays. He’s the definition of like a dog. He can literally destroy you. He’s one of those guys that If you’re going to war, you want to bring him with you. Q: Rookie receiver Wan’Dale Robinson? A: Obviously, I got to play with [Jaylen] Waddle in college, and he was the closest thing that I’ve seen to Waddle, just his explosiveness, how he moves, how he runs his routes, how fast he is, how quick he is. Q: Kadarius Toney? A: I know he can make a huge impact. That dude is special. He is a problem. I’ve seen him do it in practice throwing 70-yard bombs just standing. He’s different, man, I’ll tell you that. Q: What is unique about his skill set? A: It’s like he can do everything. He can juke you out of your shoes. He can run past you, he runs good routes, he’s in and out of his breaks really fast. There’s nothing that you really can’t do with this dude. It’s only it’s like a few dudes that I’ve seen like him. He’s a different breed for sure. He’s another one of them dudes that’s like a dog. You get him out there on Sundays, and it ain’t even the same person. Q: What kind of a guy is he? A: He’s a good dude, man, I know the narrative out there be kind of crazy at times. But we all love him, good to be around, good to talk to. A lot of people kind of just try to write somebody off without actually being able to know who they are as a person. Q: What do you foresee from a healthy, motivated Saquon Barkley? A: Everything (laugh). We got a little competition going for this camp that we actually placed down in OTAs, ’cause he was chirping a little bit. I actually never got to see much of him running routes until like OTAs, and it was different. I’m like “He’s got some slot receiver in him!” He’s gonna be very hard to tackle, and he’s gonna be very hard to cover and I don’t care who you put on him. That dude’s about to take off. Q: What kind of competition between you two? A: We’re basically betting off of if he’s gonna get more touchdowns in camp than I have picks in camp. In OTAs, I got more interceptions than he did touchdowns. Q: What kind of stakes are there? A: I’m not gonna say what the stakes are (laugh), but the stakes are pretty high, I’ll say that. Q: How much of a difference can Coach Daboll make for Daniel Jones? A: He can make a big difference. Dabes has impacted us all honestly already. I’ve dealt with stuff my last two years with the coaching and everything going on. But I think he’s done a tremendous job of being transparent with us, of being that player’s coach type deal. I think Daniel Jones will help us and we’ll help him. I think he knows that. Obviously we have his back with anything. I know it’s been a lot of ups and downs and stuff, but through all of that we’ve always stuck with him and been there with him. Q: You mentioned that you dealt with stuff? A: I think a lot of times we weren’t seeing eye to eye on certain things. Last year, my first three or four games, I was barely playing. There were some games where I didn’t even play the whole first half. I think people forget that, too. It was a lot of different things, we had our disagreements time to time. I’m happy with our new staff, man, I’m happy with what they’re doing with us and how they’re communicating with us. Q: Disagreements with coordinator Patrick Graham or coach Joe Judge or in general? A: With the coaching staff in general. Q: Is it accurate that you’ve stepped into a leadership role with Logan Ryan gone? A: I say that’s accurate and still inaccurate (chuckle). I’ve been a leader, that’s always been who I am. I’ve been a guy that has always been able to bring other guys along with me just with how I play, with how I go about my business doing things the right way. I’ve been a leader even when he was here, and he could tell you the same thing. Q: Are you motivated by being snubbed for the Pro Bowl last year? A: Nah, I’m not worried about it. I’ve been through two years of losing, so right now I’m just trying to stack day by day and win each week. Q: The “Madden 23” safety rankings didn’t include you in the top 10. How is that going to be different next year at this time? A: I think it’ll be tremendously different. But all I can do is go out there and put my words into action. Every place that I’ve been, whether it’s high school, college and now the pros, I’ve always been the guy who’s been the underrated and not spoken about or whatever it is. I know what I can do, I know what I do do, and I know what I am going to do. And my team knows that, my coaches know that, and so that’s really all that matters to me is the people that’s around me, the people that actually go out there on the field to battle with, and the coaches that put me in positions to be successful, and everybody inside the Giants organization, inside the building. As long as they know, and as long as I get the respect from them and earn their respect, everything will come to light. I don’t too much worry about the outside stuff. Q: On your Instagram: “Looking at the man I’m becoming, it’s getting scary.” A: That was more like a lifestyle post of me just becoming a better man, of wanting to become a better person off the field. Just kind of being who I am already, but still growing and knowing where I could potentially get to as a person. And I think with that, it’s a scary sight because I think I could become so great, not football-wise … football-wise, too, but not about that right now, but just about building relationships and just everything off the field, whether it’s becoming a better brother, a better son, a better uncle. Those are the really important things in life that I cherish and I try to make sure that I live by. Q: “I don’t want no friends no more, not many understand me.” A: You always say, like, the people that’s in your household, love the ones that are in your household, don’t worry about everybody else on the outside part. I’m a big family guy, and that’s really all I have around me is my family at the end of the day. As long as the people that’s inside the building that I love, and the ones that love me, as long as they love me, I’ll love them, then we’re good. I’m not worried about everybody else. Q: “You see there’s leaders and there’s followers.” With an unvaxxed hashtag. A: Everybody was trying to force you into putting something in your body, and nobody was able to actually make that choice for themselves. There were a lot of outside factors basically putting you into a situation where you had to take the shot. … I don’t allow peer pressure to seep into how I live my life. I got so much about, “Well, you’re not gonna be able to do this during the season, and you’re not gonna be able to this.” I’m blessed, because I went through a whole season and I never caught COVID one time. Obviously I was unvaxxed and I had to move differently. Obviously I couldn’t be out and about and just doing whatever I wanted to. That could have put a lot of people in danger, so I didn’t want to do that. They told me it was gonna be hard, it wasn’t hard at all, honestly, not for me. That was just all about being able to make my own choice and not being forced into doing something that I didn’t want to put inside my body. Q: And so you still haven’t gotten vaccinated, right? A: No, I have not. Q: And you have no intention to. A: No. Q: Is there a better dresser than you on the team? A: No. I put a lot of time, effort, thought into what I wear. I got some guys on the team that want me to style ’em, but I ain’t got too much time for that (laugh). I like to find things that aren’t yet on the radar. Q: Describe your fashion style. A: Just being open-minded to anything but making myself uncomfortable. I like to step out of that comfort zone because there’s a lot of things that you might not feel comfortable in, but it might look good on you. I don’t want to be typecasted into one specific thing or one specific brand or something like that. Q: “TwoNine. Unprecedented.” A: Unprecedented means never done or seen before … obviously it’s already unprecedented because in my family, nobody’s ever done it or seen it before. There are other aspirations that I have on the outside part of football, and in football that I want to do that haven’t been done before, haven’t been reached, haven’t been seen. Q: Such as? A: That could be anything. It’s a lot of different things that go into unprecedented. Having a [Hall of Fame] Gold Jacket. … When I first come in, that was what I said from the jump: I do this to be a Hall of Famer. … I do this to be the greatest in my position that there ever was. That comes with a lot of dedication, that comes also with a lot of help. I want to be the greatest that anybody has ever seen. It’s not close to being easy, but I’ve always accepted a challenge, and I push myself to get to that point. Q: A quote from Wink: “We’re in the greatest city in the world, let’s go be that greatest team in the world.” A: That’s a fact. I love New York. I hope I don’t ever have to leave, I don’t want to leave. We’re trying to be the greatest defense in one season. That’s what we’re striving for, we got big goals. Obviously, New York City is a big-goal place, but it’s also a place where a lot of people work hard with what they do. Everybody is on the move, and everybody is trying to get to a certain place, and I think that’s how we are as a defense. I loved when he said that. It puts a certain energy in us, and it’s like, “Damn, he’s right. Let’s get to that point.” Q: What’s your message to Giants fans? A: I know it hasn’t been the best the last couple of years or so. But I think we’re really gonna change things around. Just be prepared, and we’re gonna make you guys proud. I appreciate you all for sticking with us, I know it’s been rough, but we’re gonna turn this thing around.