Oh, snap! Did you hear? Amazon Prime Day 2022 is going on right now. Deals across baby must-haves, echo devices, Keurig coffee makers, headphones, beauty and more are taking over — and we can’t get enough. But don’t get it twisted. The shopping mogul didn’t forget about one of the most beloved categories around — fashion. Instead, the mega-retailer is offering major savings opportunities on big-name brands such as Calvin Klein, New Balance, Levi’s, Shein and more. We want to make sure you have the most successful Prime Day possible, so we rounded up the best fashion deals below. Shop until your heart is content! How is such an incredible deal possible? We aren’t sure, but we’ll take it and look good doing it. But this trucker jacket deal won’t last long, so claim yours while you can. Looking to upgrade your jean game? Well, Levi’s has your back (or should we say backside). These jeans fall to the ankle and sit up high on your waist. Get ready for those summer vacays with this tie-front swimsuit from Shein. The bandeau top is just too cute to pass up. Every gal needs a distressed tee in her closet. So make your dreams come true with this edgy, affordable top. This sleepwear deal is just too sweet! Sleep in comfy strawberry bliss all night long. Show off your Calvin’s with this cotton unlined bralette. It’s a fan favorite for a reason. Put your best foot forward this summer while sporting this CUPSHE cover-up. It’s elegant and sexy at the same time. Don’t sacrifice comfort when opting for a bra. Instead, choose one that fits and looks great, like this True & Co option. Don’t mind us while we add a pair of these to our Amazon carts. But don’t worry; there are still pairs for you to snag a comfortable Cloudfoam shoe. A dress that fits your curves gorgeously and looks effortlessly cute? Sign us up! We can’t believe the discount either — but it’s true! Score a new pair of classic Levi’s jeans for just $35. Men, it’s your time to shine with this Levi’s trucker jacket. Throw it on over a T-shirt and call it a stylish day. Score this epic deal and feel like the champion you are. After all, it doesn’t get much better than cozy savings. There’s something to be said about a man in his Calvin’s, so dive into the trend yourself with this 5-pack of boxers. Looking for the perfect pair of shorts to have on hand? Well, you’ve found them. Best of all, they’re on sale. Spice up your wardrobe with this must-have find from Tommy Hilfiger. It can be dressed up or down — something everyone loves. Make sure your feet are covered with these ultra-comfortable New Balance trainers. You’ll be serving up stylish (and comfortable) dad vibes in no time. Look your best in this fitted dress shirt. Wear it to formal dinners or a bar with friends. While dressing up is always an option, so is dressing down. This adidas warm-up jacket will go wherever you do. Slip into these stretchy khaki-colored pants by Dockers. They’re easy to wear and even easier to style. Embrace your inner Top Gun style with these classic Ray-Ban shades. They won’t only protect you from the sun but will also offer impeccable taste. These should do the trick if you’re looking for a bit more glam. Offering UV protection and ultimate style, you won’t regret it. Every man needs a good watch, so choose this affordable option currently on sale — best of all, the blue color pairs great with jeans. Ladies, we have an option for you too. This champagne dial bracelet is sure to make an impact whatever you pair it with. We couldn’t mention the above watch without sharing these cute gold hoop earrings. They’ll pair perfectly together for one big scene. What Amazon Prime Day deals you need to shop now: Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.