Draymond Green’s mom, Mary Babers Green, didn’t hold back on Twitter after a Wednesday report that the Warriors have no plans to offer the veteran big a max contract. Green — who won his fourth championship in eight years with the team in June — reportedly is set on landing a max contract extension, and his mother appears to feel the same way. “A lot of you are saying he shouldn’t get MAX but guys that hasn’t won anything get BREAD based off potential!” Green’s mom tweeted Wednesday, adding the hashtag, “#MANGONE.” Babers Green’s tweet came in reply to another Twitter user who wrote, “Do y’all think the Warriors will offer Draymond a max contract?” Green, 32, has two years remaining on his current contract with the Warriors, including a player option for the 2023-24 season. On Wednesday, The Athletic reported Green “wants and believes he deserves” a four-year max contract extension — and although he would prefer to stay with Golden State, he also is willing to explore his options elsewhere. That same day, Green’s mom appeared to suggest that she would like to see her son take his talents to Detroit. “I’m a Piston fan for life,” Babers Green replied to a fan that tweeted, “[Green] gonna look nice in a Pistons jersey.” She added that Detroit is 90 miles from where she lives in Michigan — Green’s hometown of Saginaw. “I’m sure it’s been a dream of his. Unfortunately it’s a business,” the same fan wrote back — to which Babers Green tweeted, “It is…” When the fan suggested that Green’s number 23 jersey is “going up in rafters regardless,” Babers Green replied, “And should!!!” The exchange appeared to stir speculation that Green could potentially be interested in joining the Pistons. Babers Green, though, took to Twitter to clarify her comments on Thursday. “I never said, I wanted my son on the PISTONS! Stop taking ppl words & twisting them SHEESH! That’s why I’m not active anymore on social media. Y’all LIE TOO MUCH!” Green’s mom tweeted. Babers Green also retweeted a post that suggested Green took pay cuts, specifically when the Warriors made room to acquire Kevin Durant in 2016. In 2015, Green had signed a five-year, $82 million deal during the offseason. Green has yet to address his mom’s tweets as of late Thursday morning.