Candace Cameron Bure and JoJo Siwa may have sorted out their TikTok drama, but the “Fuller House” actress’ daughter, Natasha, has more she would like to say. In a now-deleted Instagram Story posted on Thursday, Natasha, 23, wrote, “Respectfully, someone saying ‘no’ to taking a photo with you is not a ‘rough experience.’ This generation is so sensitive and has no backbone,” according to Us Weekly. “There are bigger issues in this world than this,” Natasha reportedly added. “Grow up.” Her words refer to Siwa, 19, who has tried to provide more context as to why she recently called Natasha’s mother the “rudest celebrity” she’s ever met. “You know, I had a rough experience when I was little,” Siwa reflected in a follow-up video to the initial post she made on Sunday. “I was 11, and I was a big, big fan, and I wanted to take a picture with her, and it wasn’t a good time for her.” “I will say because I had a bad experience, that doesn’t mean that she is an awful human,” Siwa said. “I think it just was an inconvenient time for her, and little 11-year-old me was just so pumped up and so excited, but that doesn’t mean she’s the worst human ever.” The former “Dance Moms” star added, “It just, you know, it was a rough experience for me.” At first, Cameron Bure posted a cryptic Bible verse in response to Siwa’s TikTok, and Natasha also subsequently defended her mother, calling her the “coolest Mama.” But then Cameron Bure hopped on Instagram to inform fans that she had spoken to Siwa on the phone and come to a truce. “She [Siwa] said, ‘I met you at the Fuller House premiere when I was 11 years old, and we were all on the red carpet,'” Cameron Bure recalled Siwa explaining. “‘I had come up to you and said, “Can I have a picture with you?” and you said to me, “Not right now.” And then proceeded to do what you were doing and take pictures with other people on the red carpet.'” “‘You weren’t even mean and I get it now, as an adult, when you’re on the red carpet and everything’s happening and you’re being pulled in different directions, but at that time I was 11,'” Cameron Bure said she was told. “I kind of broke your 11-year-old heart — I didn’t take a picture with you,” Cameron Bure said she responded to Siwa. “I feel crummy. JoJo, I’m so sorry!” The Post has reached out to representatives for Siwa and Cameron Bure for comment.