Just when one hoped Elon Musk’s now-terminated Twitter buyout would protect free speech on the network — think again. Twitter’s extreme bias against conservatives and media outlets it doesn’t like rages on, and I have the screenshots to prove it. After quitting the social-media platform in 2021 in protest of its rampant censorship of conservatives, I decided to give it another try to see if the billionaire entrepreneur’s laudable support for free speech and moves to acquire the network improved its liberal bias. Not a chance! The far-left activists that run Twitter are still rigging the platform in the Democratic Party’s favor — in plain view — by pushing users to follow liberal lawmakers, media outlets and other lefty accounts versus conservative ones. When rejoining Twitter last week, it asked me to select topics I’m interested in. I chose “outdoors” and “business/finance.” Then it made suggestions for who to follow. Get ready to cringe . . . One of its recommendations was chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), a “Russia Hoax” conspiracy theorist who led the charge on former President Donald Trump’s impeachment and currently sits on the slanted Jan. 6 Committee trying to drum up evidence to indict the 45th president to stop him from running again in 2024. What the heck does that liberal lawmaker — and rabid Trump-hater — have to do with my preferred topics of interest? Zero. Twitter also suggested I follow dozens of other liberal lawmakers, including President Joe Biden, First Lady Jill Biden, the White House, New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (a radical left-wing socialist who supports defunding police despite New York’s high crime rate), House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Vice President Kamala Harris and Beto O’Rourke, who’s running against Texas Republican Gov. Greg Abbott. Of course, Twitter didn’t suggest I also follow Abbott, the elected incumbent, as that would be fair and balanced — something the “woke” activists at Twitter care little about. Twitter recommended I follow Alexander Vindman, the former director of European Affairs at the National Security Council whose 2019 congressional testimony contributed to Trump’s impeachment. Again, what does that Trump foe have to do with my interests in finance and the great outdoors? Zilch! Twitter also recommended I follow Sens. Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar, Ed Markey, Chris Murphy and Cory Booker as well as US Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg and his spouse. Add Hillary and Bill Clinton, far-left “Squad” member Rep. Ayanna Pressley, the Obamas and Democratic nominee for governor of Georgia Stacey Abrams. It also suggested far-left Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey (also running for governor) who, in response to the riots and nationwide destruction following the death of George Floyd in 2020, told attendees at a Boston Chamber of Commerce event, “Yes, America is burning, but that’s how forests grow.” Twitter didn’t suggest I follow any GOP lawmakers in Washington. Talk about rigged! The shocking reality is Twitter may be steering potentially millions of users — including voters — to follow influential liberal accounts to control the political narrative to tilt elections in Democrats’ favor. Paging the US Department of Justice: That’s what real collusion and election-meddling look like. But wait, there’s more. Here’s a snippet of media outlets and others Twitter suggested I follow. You’ll notice the majority are left-wing and loathe Trump and his “deplorable” supporters: The New York Times, Washington Post, Boston Globe, The New Yorker, CNN hosts, Paul Krugman and nearly a dozen MSNBC hosts. Add NPR, former CIA spook John Brennan, George Conway, Biden White House press secretaries Jen Psaki and Karine Jean-Pierre, NBC’s Chuck Todd, Jimmy Kimmel and Stephen Colbert. Twitter didn’t recommend I follow top-rated Fox News or any of its hosts despite the outlet crushing its cable news rivals for decades. Nor did it suggest I follow the highly respected New York Post or other right-leaning outlets or voices. Only after scores of liberal accounts did Donald Trump Jr.’s name appear far down the list. Gee, thanks! As you can see, Twitter is stacked against conservatives and, with few exceptions, is acting as the de facto publicity arm of the Democratic National Committee. The powerful social-media behemoth is effectively making undeclared in-kind donations to the DNC by actively directing its users — and voters — to follow liberal accounts so Democrats can spread their political narrative du jour while suppressing conservative viewpoints, including elected Republican lawmakers who represent millions. If that isn’t interfering in US elections, what is exactly?