They’re not tire-d out yet. The eco-warriors who deflated the tires of dozens of SUVs in the Big Apple have struck in at least three other US cities — and threatened to “expand massively” across the country. The Tyre Extinguishers — which started in the UK, hence the spelling — claimed late Wednesday to have so far hit more than 5,000 SUVs in at least countries with “more planned.” The group said that in addition to the nearly 40 vehicles targeted late last month in the Upper East Side, at least 20 SUVs were hit in Chicago, another 20 in Scranton, Pa., and 12 in the San Francisco area. It has openly called for help in Los Angeles, too. “A serious wave of [Tyre Extinguishers] actions sweeping the United States right now,” the group bragged, calling on more activists to help “put SUVs in the dustbin of history.” “We also support keying SUVs — cause unsightly damage to these death machines, enraging their owners and sending a message that these vehicles will never be safe,” it told prospective activists. The eco group quipped that it has already all left “millions of gallons of SUV driver’s p–s boiled.” The group also shared a report in its native UK that asked, “If I buy an SUV will it be [vandalized] by climate protesters?” “Yes. Yes it will,” The Tyre Extinguishers tweeted. “We will make it impossible to own an SUV in the world’s urban areas.” “Where’s next? Wherever you are!” the group tweeted, telling supporters not to “stop until it’s impossible to own an SUV in the world’s urban areas.” An unidentified spokesperson for the UK group told Fox News Digital that it planned to “expand massively” across the US. “It can happen anywhere, anytime,” the spokesperson said. “If you’re reading this and you own an SUV, scrap it before we get to it.” The activists’ website declared that the influx of “bigger and bigger cars” was just “so a privileged few can flaunt their wealth.” “Because governments and politicians have failed to protect us from this danger, we must protect ourselves.” It lists detailed instructions — as well as video guidance — on how to deflate tires, as well as a poster in several languages to print out and leave at the scene. The poster tells victims, “You’ll be angry, but don’t take it personally. It’s not you, it’s your car.” The group also notes on its website, “Hybrids and electric cars are fair game. We cannot electrify our way out of the climate crisis,” the group said. The only exceptions to avoid attacking are “cars clearly used for people with disabilities, traders’ cars (even if they’re large), minibuses and normal-sized cars.”