A pair of travelers won’t soon fly Southwest again due to what one called their “misogynistic” and “racist” airline policy. A Xicana actress has alleged that she was removed from a recent Southwest Airlines flight out of Sacramento after defending a young woman of color, who she believed was being “slut shamed.” Melinna Bobadilla, best known for her recurring role on Netflix’s “Gentefied,” shared her story in a now-viral Twitter thread, tagging the airlines, which she claimed “disrespected two women of color, endangered one by needlessly calling the cops, and went out of their way to protect a conservative white man.” “Just got pulled off a @SouthwestAir flight bc I advocated for a young woman being shamed and harassed by an employee for wearing a tank top that was deemed too revealing,” she began. “[The] employee became defensive when I asked about what rules the young woman was breaking.” The employee allegedly responded that the accused passenger was “wearing a corset,” noting that the airline “is a family company” and that “some people” found the outfit offensive. Bobadilla informed the Southwest associate that she, rather, felt threatened and offended by the man sitting directly behind her wearing a “Let’s Go Brandon” shirt, but the employee “did not care” or believe the policy extended to such scenarios. Though the timeline of the events are unclear, according to her narrative, the police were soon called to escort her from the plane, as well as force the unnamed young woman to cover up with a Southwest-branded sweater. “Basically @SouthwestAir slut shamed a young woman of color for wearing a tank top they deemed offensive, forced her to wear a company issued sweater, removed me for questioning their misogynistic policy, exercised a double standard when enforcing an alleged offensive attire rule,” Bobadilla tweeted on Monday. The airline has since responded to the viral Twitter thread. “We regret that this experience has left you feeling this way. Feel free to follow-up with us in a DM if you’d like to further discuss,” they wrote. Bobadilla’s agent and Southwest Airlines did not respond the The Post’s request for comment. While some suggested that Bobadilla should have minded her own business, many agreed she couldn’t let this “misogynistic” and “racist” behavior fly. Some even called for a boycott. “Makes wanna cancel my flight with them in August but I really cant….so instead I’ll make sure to wear a sports bra as a shirt instead,” @lovesick_girl95 tweeted. “This is shameful! I will never fly @SouthwestAir again. Unbelievable that you think you can treat women this way,” @RaniaBatrice tweeted. “Explain this in a way that makes sense @SouthwestAir oh, and doesn’t stink of racism and misogyny as well,” @LeTeishaNewton asked. “This is despicable,” @vanessawbyers said. Earlier this year, The Post investigated the increasing number of women being booted from planes due to dress code violations — finding that most airlines routinely enforce “decorum” on board.