Did someone say Sephora? We did, and so did viral beauty brand Glossier, when they announced their groundbreaking news on July 26 to the delight of shoppers everywhere. Starting early 2023, Glossier products will be sold in Sephora stores and online as well. This marks the very first retail partnership for Glossier, which also makes for much easier shopping for you, the beauty lover reading this article. “We couldn’t be more thrilled to welcome Glossier to Sephora next year. Our top priority is to curate the most exceptional collection of brands that shoppers around the world come to expect from us, as the leading global prestige beauty retailer,” said Artemis Patrick, Sephora, EVP and Global Chief Merchandising Officer in an emailed statement. “As one of the most searched brands on Sephora.com we know our customers are going to be beyond excited to find their Glossier must-have products online, the Sephora App, and in our stores, while unlocking all the perks of our Beauty Insider program has to offer.” They really are the most searched beauty line on Sephora’s site, with inquiries on when Glossier products will available spiking up to 200% between July 2021 and July 2022, according to the brand. The answer now: very soon! Since you still do need to wait a bit longer to shop at Sephora, we kindly direct you back to the original Glossier site for all things Boy Brow and Cloud Paint. Be sure to check out our favorites below, including our review on the Glossier You fragrance, as well as some sets and kits to trial everything before doing some major damage at Sephora next year. We love You. And also you, Post reader. Which is why we recommend this scent from Glossier. Don’t believe the hype? Read our review in which we ask our editors from all sections what they think the scent it, as it changes from person to person to make it truly unique. Get your etherial glow on with the bestselling Cloud Paint. For $20 indulge in pigmented color that looks amazing on your cheeks, blending with the skin for a dewy finish. Oh boy! This brow gel is a top-rated product for good reason, especially with the laminated brow trend going on for 2022. The gel comes in five colors, perfect for all hair colors. Say “I do” to this dew. The Futuredew is a plant-based oil to apply after your skincare routine as a last step. Wear is as is for a glowing finish or under makeup for the perfect base. Finally, be sure to wash away your daily makeup with the Milky Jelly Cleanser. It is light on skin and won’t sting your eyes like normal soap, which is great for scrubbing away mascara after a night out. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.