R. Kelly and one of his alleged victims, Joycelyn Savage, are engaged, according to court documents obtained by The Post. Savage, 26, penned a letter to the federal judge, referring to herself as Robert Kelly’s fiancée, asking that Kelly receive a more lenient sentence for his decades-long sexual abuse of women and underage girls and boys. “I’m writing this letter in support of Robert in advance of his sentencing, so I can explain to the court that I’m not the victim that the government has portrayed me to be.” She continued to call him an “all-around incredible person” and “not the monster that the government has described him to be.” “Robert and I are deeply in love and it breaks my heart that the government has created a narrative that I’m a victim. I’m a grown woman and can speak for myself which is why I wanted to provide this letter to the court.” “He is a great man, with a great heart and deserves to be home with his loved ones who are ready to support him,” she concluded. Kelly, 55, has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for his actions. Savage’s parents, Jonjelyn and Timothy Savage, have been publicly pleading for their daughter to leave Kelly. Gerald Griggs, the attorney for Savage’s parents, told TMZ that they were unaware of their daughter’s future union and that she never mentioned the idea of marrying Kelly. Griggs said her parents “strongly doubt” the pair are engaged and would like to reconnect with her to hear the whole story. However, they have not talked to Savage since she left to live with Kelly. Savage’s parents find it strange that she wrote a letter to the judge instead of testifying under oath, he said. The Post has contacted Griggs for comment. In 2019, Savage posted on Instagram that she would tell “my story,” adding in a follow-up post, “‪I have Partnered up with @Patreon where I will post daily chapters of my story. Things I am going to reveal that was sweared not to see the day of light — by NDA. I am risking my life for many others.” In her Patreon posts, according to Essence, Savage acknowledged that she was manipulated by Kelly. She discussed meeting Kelly when she was 15 at a concert and later dropping out of college to live with him. She said Kelly would tell her, “Baby girl you are going to be the next Aaliyah.” However, as of Monday, her account has been removed from Patreon.