Mekhi Becton has a new look and a new position. Becton reported to training camp significantly thinner than he was at June’s minicamp, and he was officially moved to right tackle to start training camp. The Jets drafted Becton with the No. 11 overall pick in 2020 with the idea that he would be their starting left tackle for years to come. But after he missed almost the entire 2021 season and replacement George Fant played well in his absence, Becton is now being moved to the right side and Fant will stay at left tackle. “It don’t really matter to me,” Becton said. “I’ve just got to change my technique up. As long as I’m on the field, it don’t really matter to me. I just know I have to do different things on the right side than I do on the left. I’m still getting used to that. It’s a work in progress.” Becton was on the field Wednesday for the first time since Week 1 last year, when he suffered a season-ending knee injury against the Panthers. Becton’s weight ballooned while he was sidelined, then he skipped the voluntary offseason program after his first child was born. He reported to mandatory minicamp overweight and did not practice. But Becton spent the break between minicamp and the beginning of training camp in New Jersey working with the team’s medical and training staff. No one is saying how much weight Becton lost, but he said he hit his goal and the Jets are thrilled with the shape he is in. “He got himself into football shape,” coach Robert Saleh said. “He’s a gifted athlete. He’s a gifted man, and I’m just really excited about the direction he’s going.” The Jets have been talking about moving Becton to right tackle since the end of last season. There was a thought there would be a training camp competition between Becton and Fant, but Saleh said the team wanted continuity. “We don’t want those guys jumping back and forth,” Saleh said. “We made a decision that was best for the team. George had a fantastic year last year at left tackle. Mekhi is a gifted young man. He can do both. It doesn’t mean that Mekhi’s left tackle days are over.” Saleh downplayed the significance of the left side versus the right side, but left tackle has traditionally been viewed as the more important position, largely because you are protecting a right-handed quarterback’s blind side. Left tackles almost always are paid more, too. “I don’t think there’s a big difference between left tackle and right tackle,” Saleh said. “Von Miller can go both ways. … If [pass rushers] feel like there’s a [weak] link on the offensive line, I promise you that’s where they’ll go. Whether you’re left, right, it doesn’t matter.” Saleh said that the coaches felt this gave them the best combination on what he called “a pretty damn good offensive line.” “George is very, very comfortable and feels much more comfortable on the left side,” Saleh said. “He’s got the athleticism to play the left side, as does Becton. It was just a matter of what was a better combination in terms of offensive line. … We felt this was the best combination and place for all of them.” Becton will now be playing next to Alijah Vera-Tucker, who made the move from left guard to right guard this offseason. A year ago, the thought was those two would be on the left side together for years. The Jets moved Vera-Tucker when they signed Laken Tomlinson as a free agent and decided to keep him at left guard. “Personally, I’m excited about that right side,” Saleh said. “You have a couple of potential All-Pros, in my opinion. They’re two fantastic young players.” Becton has battled injuries since coming into the NFL. He has played just eight complete games in two years. He is focused on staying healthy. “I’m just trying to get on the field for a full season,” Becton said. “That’s really my mindset. Whether it’s right or left, I don’t really care as long as I’m on the field.”