This bespoke home is much more than four walls. This one-of-a-kind Hamden, Connecticut, house was far-out when it was constructed in the 1960s, and it’s even more so today. For the first time in its history, this sloped and secluded four-bedroom is looking for a new owner. After purchasing an outta-sight property on wooded grounds adjacent to Sleeping Giant State Park, the current owners commissioned their friend and renowned Yale architect David Sellers to build them a two-story Colonial. Sellers subsequently informed them he could design “something better” and, in 1969, built them a futuristic, family-centric abode they’ve occupied ever since. “Fifty-three years of living in now famous Dave’s ‘something better than a two-story Colonial’ has been living in a sculpture that really makes sense and has been a never-ending delight,” said sellers Helen and Peter Knudsen of the isolated lodging, currently on the market for $629,000 with Pearce Real Estate’s Wojtek Borowski. The contemporary, Zillow Gone Wild-worthy 2,912-square-foot spread is set on 4.2 acres and features a redwood-stained clapboard and cedar siding exterior. There are also custom oversize windows, vaulted ceilings and a drive-through, to allow for “protected-from-the-weather entry and storage of vehicles.” The ground floor is the most unique, with windows on two sides of the dining room to make eating feel like “an outdoor picnic,” two decks — one outside the kitchen and one outside the living room — a family room and a kitchen with colorful swing-out bins. There’s also a pantry room, a laundry room, a foyer, a bathroom, three closets and two hallways. The upstairs layout is somewhat more conventional, although the rooms all feature distinctly sloped ceilings. Up here are the other two bathrooms — both with skylights — two more decks, and the three children’s bedrooms, as well as the primary suite. “There are no curtains and only one shade in the family room,” the owners note. “The sloped window in the family room allows for” light reflected against the stone landscaping to enter.