Nothing can stop Bella Thorne. The 24-year-old actress, model, singer, director and author has experienced her fair share of highs and lows. She took to fame early on by starring on the Disney Channel show “Shake It Up” alongside Zendaya. Since then, Throne has starred in acclaimed films such as “Blended,” “Midnight Sun” and “Time Is Up,” and has even written four published novels. However, all of the achievements in the world could not shield the young star from the world’s opinion. “The most challenging part [about being myself] is that I am constantly misunderstood — that’s why I wrote my book, ‘The Life of a Wannabe Mogul,‘” Throne exclusively shared with the New York Post. “I didn’t know how to express myself in a way that people would really see it.” When we asked Thorne to depict herself in her own words, she said, “It doesn’t matter who I tell you Bella Thorne is because you will always make her whatever you want her to be.” Tabloids, social media and random internet users have all labeled the 24-year-old as “controversial,” which is rarely used as a positive term. Still, the actress chooses to rise above and remind herself that she “will be happy and that “the world isn’t gonna end every time [she feels] like it’s about to.” Thorne’s reminders must be pushing the star in the right direction, as she keeps on growing her catalogue of accolades. “I’m doing a really fun movie right now with Tony Kaye called ‘The Trainer,'” Thorne told The Post. “I’m really excited about it — it’s a dark comedy. I’m also about to do a movie called ‘Saint Clare’ based off the book ‘Claire at 16.'” Enthralled by Throne’s consistent motivation to push back against the world’s depiction of her, we asked the actress for the best piece of advice she could give. She cut right to the chase and said to “just not give a f–k.” While we can’t give you Thorne’s confidence (because you ultimately have to find that yourself), but we can offer you the holy grail beauty products that she’s been loving lately. “I have fair skin, so this product gives me just the right amount of glow,” shared Thorne. Not only does the + Lux Unfiltered add a warm bronzed tone to your skin, but it also hydrates with shea butter, cocoa butter and passion fruit oil. Choose between a light Rosewood or Santal scent. “I’m constantly changing my hair for fun or for when I get into character for a movie,” said the 24-year-old. “These vitamins have been amazing at keeping my hair strong and healthy.” If you’re like Throne and love a good hair switcheroo or simply want to keep you locks looking fresh, then the Sugerbearhair Vitamins may be for you. They’re packed with 13 vitamins, natural ingredients and are free of artificial sweeteners and flavors. Simply take two bears a day. Thorne loves using this product when her cystic acne likes to make an appearance. Made to moisturize, restore and smooth the skin, this soap formula helps vanish dark spots and age spots. Best of all, it’s suitable for all skin types. “I don’t like wearing false eyelashes, and I am allergic to most adhesives,” the beauty guru explained. “This product has worked wonders for my eyes. I also use it on my eyebrows.” We are also in love with this product, as it conditions your lashes while you coat them in peptides to make them grow long and strong. Providing 24 hours of hydration, this concealer is non-comedogenic, allergy tested and cruelty free. As Thorne claims, “This product is so great for my acne scarring.” “I use this everyday as lip balm,” Throne excitedly shared, and we must admit, so do we! You can also use this healing ointment on cuticles, dry spots and an all-over-body treatment. Check out New York Post shopping for more content.