Word is that the Biden Justice Department is finally getting set to press charges against first son Hunter after long dragging its feet on the probe. But it looks likely the feds will shy from the key issues exposed in The Post’s reporting on Hunter’s laptop to spare Democrats in advance of this year’s midterm elections. The probe began way back in 2018; Hunter himself admitted prosecutors were “investigating my tax affairs” back in December 2020. (G-men are said to have expanded the investigation to include potential money-laundering, lobbying and firearms violations.) A federal grand jury has been meeting since at least February, when — as The Post reported exclusively at the time — at least two witnesses testified, including an ex-girlfriend who detailed Hunter’s extravagant spending habits and faced questions about his income. And in April, a grand-jury witness was asked to ID “the big guy,” who, a 2017 email on Hunter’s laptop said, was to get a 10% stake in a company created with CEFC China Energy Co. (Hunter’s ex-business partner, Tony Bobulinski, confirmed “the big guy” was Joe Biden.) Yet the probe’s dragged on, with neither an indictment nor exoneration — raising eyebrows among legal experts. “It is very unusual, if witnesses have already testified, for the prosecutor to not immediately submit the matter for a vote,” notes former Utah US Attorney Brett Tolman. “The fact that Hunter Biden has not been indicted yet can only be explained by purposeful delay.” DOJ memos warn of “election year sensitivities” in relation to indictments. Yet the probe has stretched out for years now; there’s been plenty of time to make announcements. And the election still isn’t for another 3 ½ months, while, as law prof Jonathan Turley notes, Justice’s window for suspending actions before an election is usually “60 or 90 days.” Oh, and Joe Biden himself isn’t even on the ballot this November. Clearly, there’s no need for “sensitivities” here — unless politics is the motive. Confirmation of that will come if Hunter’s only charged with relatively innocuous gun and tax crimes, with all the selling-Joe’s-influence stuff quietly dropped, and then scores a generous plea deal so Democrats and their media allies can bury the whole scandal again.