Not another creeper movie. A courageous UK college student captured the terrifying moment a creeper propositioned her while she was walking — and even offered her money for sex as if she were a prostitute. A clip detailing the spine-tingling encounter boasts 2.6 million views online. “He wouldn’t take no for an answer,” Emma Grayson, 22, told Wales Online of the incident, which occurred around 9 p.m. Sunday while she was walking along a road in Cardiff to meet a friend. The marketing student said a male stranger in his 40s dismounted his bike and followed her around for 10 minutes while making “inappropriate comments.” “He was asking where I was going, what I was doing, who I was meeting — loads of personal questions,” Grayson said. “He wouldn’t leave me alone.” The “really scared” university student recounted in another TikTok clip how at one point, the pervert was so close that their shoulders nearly touched. In the initial one-minute clip, captioned “no means no,” the persistent stalker can be heard repeatedly asking Grayson out despite her rebuffing his advances and walking away. “I want to be with you,” the creeper declares, whereupon the petrified pupil, who is seen walking away from the man at a fast pace, replies “you don’t know me.” Undaunted, the perv continues to pursue Grayson, saying: “But I saw you for the first time and I liked you. You don’t like me? Listen, I have a lot of money. A lot of money.” “I’m not interested,” the university student replies, putting on a brave face. When that fails to deter him, the college gal tells the lech she has a boyfriend, only to have him proposition her like a prostitute. “But you’re so beautiful,” he can be heard protesting. “I want to be with you. How much [money] do you want?” “I don’t want anything, I’m, just not interested,” responds a frightened Grayson, whereupon her hanger-on finally leaves. At one point during the creepy encounter, a female Samaritan had reportedly noticed Grayson’s predicament and signaled to her, but she was too far away. “She tried to help, but Newport Road is quite a big road — it’s very wide,” Grayson explained to Wales Online. “So the communication was unclear.” She added, “On top of that, I just thought if I start shouting, he’s going to start questioning me like, ‘Why are you saying that?’ and maybe get more aggressive.” While Grayson posted the video to spread awareness of harassment against women, she has since received backlash on TikTok about how she handled the situation. Many detractors accused her of playing with her hair and “flirting” with the man. “Already giving him too much time. Too polite. Be more affirmative and loud,” scoffed another TikTok. However, Grayson has since shot down her detractors in a series of follow-up clips. In one of her rebuttals, she explained that she tried to be “calm and collected” as she “didn’t know what he had on him.” “I didn’t know if he had a weapon,” Grayson described. “I didn’t know if he would hurt me. He was getting right up into my face.” In retrospect, Grayson feels that she handled the situation the correct way. “I would not change the way I reacted in any way,” she wrote in the comments. “I tried ignoring him, that did nothing. I tried responding, that also did nothing.” Grayson told Wales Online she found the recent encounter particularly frightening given the recent murders, like 35-year-old Zara Aleena who was killed after walking home in East London at night. The aspiring lawyer had reportedly preferred walking home as she feared getting into a taxi with a stranger. The college gal ultimately hopes her ordeal can help prevent others from suffering the same fate. “Me being a woman I want to share my experience and hopefully continue the conversation,” said Grayson. “There’s so much stuff about it online and you don’t think it would happen to you.” She added, “It’s definitely something that needs to be talked about more and have more exposure brought to it from a younger age.” In a similarly creepy incident last month, a lecherous old Florida man was filmed asking two teen girls if they wanted to “hook up” — and insisting his wife didn’t need to know.