Alex Murdaugh, the disgraced South Carolina attorney charged this week in the murders of his wife and son, has denied “having anything to do” with the cold-blooded slayings. Murdaugh, 54 — a fourth-generation lawyer from a powerful legal family — released a statement that claimed that there was no motive for him to kill his wife, Maggie Murdaugh, 52, and younger son, Paul Murdaugh, 22. “Alex wants his family, friends and everyone to know that he did not have anything to do with the murders of Maggie and Paul,” Murdaugh’s defense lawyers Jim Griffin and Dick Harpootlian said in a statement to NBC News Thursday. “He loved them more than anything in the world.” Murdaugh was indicted Thursday on two counts of murder and two counts of weapon possession in the June 2021 killings, but his lawyers insisted that charges were brought against him prematurely. “It was very clear from day one that law enforcement and the Attorney General prematurely concluded that Alex was responsible for the murder of his wife and son,” Griffin and Harpootlian continued. “But we know that Alex did not have any motive whatsoever to murder them.” The lawyers said they plan to immediately file a motion for a speedy trial and request that the attorney general turn over all evidence within 30 days. “We demand to have a trial within 60 days of receiving that evidence,” they added. Griffin and Harpootlian did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Murdaugh was allegedly tied to the killings via blood spatter on his clothing along with a video that put him at the murder scene. His wife and son were gunned down near a dog kennel on the family’s 1,700-acre hunting estate in Islandton with at least two separate guns — a rifle and a shotgun — on June 7, 2021. Murdaugh — who has since blamed his crimes on drug addiction — also stands accused of scamming millions of dollars from the family of his longtime housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield, 57, who died under suspicious circumstances at his home in 2018. In total, he faces at least 71 charges that he stole $8.5 million from clients. The law firm founded by his family has also alleged that Murdaugh was fired after stealing money from the firm.