LAS VEGAS — With every day that goes by without Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving being traded, there is increasing sentiment among league personnel that one or both stars could still be on the Nets roster come training camp. A source close to the team confirmed that the organization has been in contact with Durant since his trade demand stunned the NBA. Another source close to Irving told The Post that the All-Star point guard not only never asked for a trade, but has had every intention of playing for the Nets — with or without Durant. “How did we get into this situation about trade, when he opted in?” the source asked rhetorically. “Here is the situation. He opted in, which means he had and he has every intention of playing with the Brooklyn Nets. KD decides he wants out and now everybody is talking about trading Kyrie, right? “Kyrie has not asked for a trade. Now, if the Nets don’t want him, that’s something totally different. Kyrie has not said he wants a trade. He opted in. [So where did] the trade conversations come from? Is it because, KD requested a trade and now everybody’s like let’s trade Ky? Kyrie opted in.” Last summer Durant inked a four-year, $198 million extension that kicks in this coming season. But on June 30 — the day after Irving picked up his own one-year $36.5 million player option for 2022-23 — Durant requested a trade. Durant largely went dark after that, not responding to even other players trying to recruit him. The Nets worked with his business partner Rich Kleiman in trying to facilitate a deal — but neither side has burned any bridges, or closed the door on a potential return to Brooklyn. When asked if Irving was also willing to play for the Nets despite the team having had multiple rounds of talks with the Lakers, the source said he was — and that includes even if Durant is traded away. “Kyrie wants to play. … He wants to win a championship, and he wants to play,” the source told The Post, adding Irving and Durant are friends and supportive of each other although not necessarily tied at the hip. “I think when KD said he wanted a trade, he didn’t say I’m going to trade to where Kyrie goes.” It should be noted that all four sides — Durant, Irving, Nets GM Sean Marks and owner Joe Tsai — have publicly played nice, avoiding any statement they’ll have to walk back. The market for Irving has been tepid, with only the Lakers showing interest and heretofore unwilling to meet the Nets’ demands of two first-round picks to take on Russell Westbrook’s hefty contract. And with Marks predictably demanding a king’s ransom for Durant, it’s a price that may not be met. Durant initially told the Nets he’d prefer to be traded to Miami or Phoenix, but both will struggle to get a deal done directly with the Nets without looping in a third or fourth team. Toronto would be able to do a cleaner deal, but has been against including Scottie Barnes in any swap. So far, the Nets have gotten a plethora of offers, but none to their liking. Brooklyn is seeking a young All-Star and a trove of picks in return for Durant. But, of course, convincing him to stay is preferable. With all the relevant parties in Las Vegas — including the owners’ meetings Tuesday night — the Nets can talk face-to-face with whomever they need. Marks, Raptors team president Masai Ujiri and Lakers GM Rob Pelinka spoke recently at Thomas and Mack Arena, with Marks and Ujiri ducking under the stands for a more private chat. And Marks was later spotted talking at a team hotel with Miami GM Andy Elisburg. Not being able to take back Miami’s Bam Adebayo complicates any deal with the Heat, as does not being able to bring back Utah’s Donovan Mitchell (unless they move Ben Simmons). With many GMs going on vacation after summer league, if a deal doesn’t get done in the next few days it could drag into training camp. If that happens, cooler heads prevailing is possible. And maybe even probable. And from the Nets point of view, preferable.