Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camille Vasquez said she felt “lucky” to defend him in court against his ex-wife and alleged abuser, Amber Heard. In a teaser clip ahead of a sit-down interview with Vasquez by “CBS Mornings” host Gayle King, the attorney was asked why she thinks the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star specifically picked her to take part in the highly publicized defamation case. “It was important to have a woman on the team,” the 38-year-old lawyer said, in part. “Why?” King challenged. “This case called for a woman’s perspective,” Vasquez answered, “and I was the lucky person chosen to do this job.” “Do you feel lucky? Is lucky the word?” King interrupted again. “I think so, yeah,” Vasquez agreed. “I think hard work and luck — you can’t underestimate there was a combination there. Of course, it’s a tremendous amount of hours, but it’s also a little bit of luck, and it’s not a job that I took lightly. “This was his name, this was his life. It was important,” Vasquez declared. The interview comes a week after Heard filed a motion to appeal the jury’s verdict, which ruled in favor of Depp last month. The seven jurors found that his former lover defamed him by saying that he physically abused her during their relationship. They awarded the “Edward Scissorhands” star $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages, though Virginia law caps punitive damages at $350,000, Vasquez became a star in her own right during the trial. At first, TikTok was convinced that the young professional may have been romantically linked to the actor, but her fiery questions during cross-examination and powerful presence on behalf of her client quickly became her lasting legacy. A tattoo artist even permanently inked herself with Vasquez’s silhouette and her famous “objection” line. On July 15, fans captured video of Vasquez reuniting with Depp at one of his concerts in Europe. The lawyer introduced the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” actor to her boyfriend, British businessman Edward Owen, 38. Depp has been on tour with guitarist Jeff Beck since the trial ended June 1. King and Vasquez’s full conversation will air Thursday on “CBS Mornings,” which starts at 7 a.m.