Baseball bettors have a full 15-game slate to choose from Friday, but three particular matchups interest expert bettors. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report sees three sides — all underdogs — trigger at least three of the above signals. Without further delay, let’s dive into the report’s recommendations. These divisional opponents will play the second of a four-game series tonight in D.C. and expert bettors are intrigued by the Nationals. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on Washington, which opened as a consensus +180 underdog but now is priced between +135 and +155. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the hosts as well — as of this writing, they’ve received 13 percent of all bets against 76 percent of the total handle. Further, one Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public — triggers the Nationals here. That system, which looks for divisional underdogs receiving less than 29 percent of all bets, has a 45 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is betting the Nationals to give them four total signals in their direction. Washington Nationals Moneyline (+140) — Caesars Sportsbook These two teams will begin a three-game set tonight in St. Louis and experts favor the visiting Reds. We’ve noticed sharp action coming in on the Reds moneyline, which opened at a consensus +145 price and has largely held steady at that opening number. Further, big money support has streamed in on Cincinnati as they’ve received 29 percent of all bets against 46 percent of the total handle. This matchup also triggers the same PRO system — Betting Against the Public — as the Nationals/Braves contest. Finally, two top Action Network MLB experts are supporting the Reds to give them four total signals in their direction. Cincinnati Reds Moneyline (+142) — Fanduel Sportsbook  The Dodgers have won both head-to-head contests against the Angels this season, but experts prefer the Angels at home tonight. We’ve seen sharp action hit the Angels moneyline, which opened at a consensus +175 price but has since dropped to between +152 and +170, depending on where you shop. Big money bettors are also supporting the Angels — as of this writing, the Angels have seen only nine percent of all bets against 87 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top Action Network MLB betting expert is supporting the Angels to give them three total signals in advance of tonight’s series opener. Los Angeles Angels Moneyline (+170) — BetMGM