She’s living her (naked) truth. Sadie Tann, 32, says clothes make her “anxious” — so she’s speaking out about how she and her boyfriend live life in the nude. The British blonde started feeling restricted by clothing as a young child and soon began walking around in the buff. She has done so ever since, and has now convinced her partner, Colin, to similarly strip off. “I have always loved the feeling of being undressed, I prefer being naked as I feel so much more comfortable that way,” Tann said. “I feel free and full of joy.” “Wearing clothes feels like putting on a costume and none of them feel like ‘me,'” the environmental biology student Jam Press and NeedToKnow.online. “Clothes feel like putting on layers of expectations and pressures of modern life, they feel like putting on layers of anxiety.” Tann and her boyfriend don’t feel shame over the naked bodies, and have made modifications to their lifestyle so that they don’t have to be around clothed people. For instance, the couple rarely put on clothing to shop at the supermarket for groceries, as they instead “forage wild foods.” Now, the plucky pair are even exposing themselves to fellow citizens across the country, undertaking a nude bike tour across the UK. The couple, along with their “naturalist” pals Hannah and Neil, are spending the summer cycling around Great Britain in the nude in order to raise money for the environmental conservation group, Rewild Britain. “Colin and I are extremely passionate about nature and want to help others find their nature connection,” Tann enthused. “We want to help restore natural environments which is why we chose the Rewild Britain as one of our charities.” However, not everyone is as excited about the sight of stark naked cyclists — with Tann claiming she and Colin were targeted in a deliberate attack. On July 4, the couple were knocked off their tandem bike by a motorist who was disgusted by the fact that the pair were nude in public. “The incident deeply shook us up and we wondered whether we could carry on with the ride,” Tann recalled. “We spent the night at a forage leader friend’s house being very well looked after… but we were reluctant to ride naked [again].” However, they decided they were not going to cave to their haters, with Tann declaring: “Once we got further into the ride we started to gain confidence again and now feel that we won’t let this awful act deter us. This is what makes us feel free and we will live our lives true to ourselves.” The intrepid twosome also don’t appear to be breaking any laws with their nude bike tour. According to the BBC, “it’s not an offence to be naked in public in England and Wales” and it only becomes “an offence if it can be proved the person stripped off with the intention to upset and shock.” The couple also claim they’ve met many supporters, some of whom have even stripped down to join them on a leg of their nude bike tour. “The ride has overall been a very positive experience and we’ve been lucky enough to meet some fantastic folk and have them ride with us!” Tann cooed. “I would say to people reading this to follow whatever makes you feel freedom and peace, whether it’s shedding clothes or something else.”