Washington Nationals superstar Juan Soto is on the trade block, and at least one sportsbook believes the Mets and Yankees are deadlocked as favorites to land him. This trade deadline saga can be bet by PointsBet customers located in Illinois at the time of betting. The Yankees and Mets are two of only a few teams that have the capital and prospect packages needed to acquire the stud outfielder. The saga was all the rage to discuss during the All-Star festitives earlier this week and appear to have reached a boiling point between the front office and player. Soto and his team rejected a massive 15-year $440-million deal to stay with the team. While that contract is seismic, the average annual salary is below expectation for a player of his caliber. Moreover, this comes just days after his agent Scott Boras was on The Show: A NY Post Podcast with Jon Heyman and Joel Sherman and confirmed that the Nationals did not charter him a plane to the All-Star game. “He had to stay up all night,” Boras said. “The Atlanta Braves, they’re playing the same game (Sunday). They have a charter. They got here five hours earlier. And yet he’s up all night. I said, no exception; this guy is going to just be himself. Sure enough, he performed at the greatest of levels because he’s Juan Soto.” The Nationals face challenges when it comes to putting together a deal of this magnitude before the Aug. 2 deadline. If he is not traded at the deadline, the bet will be voided and your bet returned. Regardless these odds are noteworthy for many reasons, but first and foremost, we have seen speculative markets like these garner plenty of notable interest in predictions.  For instance, betting markets pushed NBA prospect Paolo Banchero from a 10:1 underdog on Monday to go No. 1 overall in the 2022 NBA Draft to a -5000 by draft on Thursday. All of this line movement was contradictory to insider knowledge put out by ESPN NBA insider Adrian Wojnarowski reporting that Jabari Smith would be the top pick during the day of the draft. Anyone with inside information will look to profit off of it at some point. Look for these lines to continue to move as the August 2nd trade deadline looms. For now, New York is favored to land Soto. Also read: Bettor beware of following public steam and insider trading in sports betting