Chris Cuomo is coming back to cable news — but for a much smaller network. The self-proclaimed “free agent” has landed a new anchor gig at NewsNation, formerly WGN America, less than a year after he was fired by CNN. Cuomo announced that he’d be joining the network in an interview that aired Tuesday night with NewsNation’s Dan Abrams — a former ABC News colleague. “I’m going to come to NewsNation and I want to build something special here,” Cuomo said in his first interview since being dropped by CNN. The former primetime anchor — who was ousted by CNN for using his media sources to advise his brother, then-Gov. Andrew Cuomo, through his sexual harassment scandal — said he decided to join NewsNation rather than a major TV news network based on his own morals. “I had decided that I can’t go back to what people see as ‘the big game,'” Cuomo said. “I don’t think I can make a difference there. I think we need insurgent media. I think we need outlets that aren’t fringe and just trying to fill their pockets.” However, there have been no reports of Cuomo receiving job offers from the big-league networks after his fall from grace. CNN said the former “Cuomo Prime Time” star had violated its journalistic standards, which led to his termination last December. Cuomo denied any wrongdoing in his interview with Abrams. “I never lied and there were no secrets,” he said. Hiring the once-popular Cuomo brother could be a strategic move to boost NewsNation’s ratings. NewsNation has a much smaller following than Cuomo’s previous employer. The network’s primetime shows typically average a whole figure less than CNN. For instance, “Dan Abrams Live” — the show where Cuomo made his announcement — had 54,000 viewers Monday compared to CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360,” which racked up 618,000 viewers. Cuomo’s career announcement comes as he is in the middle of litigation with CNN. He has sued his former employer for a whopping $125 million in damages for his termination. Cuomo’s primetime talk show is scheduled to premiere in the fall. In the meantime, Cuomo has kept busy by launching his own podcast called “The Chris Cuomo Project,” sharing dispatches from war-torn Ukraine on Instagram and even applying to be a volunteer firefighter in the Hamptons — though he later revoked his application due to the time commitment of the gig.