Diandra Luker, the film-producing ex-wife of Michael Douglas, has sold her Upper East Side townhouse for $17 million. The landmarked, turn-of-the-century Beaux Arts manse is 20 feet wide. It had been on and off the market since 2019, when it first asked $20 million. It last asked $17.5 million. The five-story, 8,000-square-foot residence features five bedrooms, 5½ baths and a roof deck. It was restored by architect Campion Platt. Details include five woodburning fireplaces and three gas fireplaces. There’s also an elevator, a modern marble staircase, white marble floors, a large chef’s kitchen with terrazzo floors, a butler’s pantry and a dumbwaiter to the dining room. A separate breakfast room has a spiral staircase that leads to a home office. The kitchen and breakfast room both feature foldable — and bulletproof — glass doors that fully open to the garden for entertaining, the listing notes. In addition, there’s a wine cellar and a water-purification system — as well as a living room with Venetian plaster walls, a high-gloss lacquer ceiling, crown moldings and an onyx fireplace mantel. Luker and Douglas met when she was 19 and he was 32. They married in 1977 and share a son, Cameron, 43, whose past addiction battles were widely chronicled in the press. By 1995, Luker, then known as Diandra Douglas, filed for divorce and received a reported $45 million — then one of the largest divorce settlements in Hollywood. When they divorced, Luker also kept their Santa Barbara home and agreed to share their 250-acre estate on the Spanish island of Mallorca. They each would have it for six months every year — even after Douglas’s marriage to Catherine Zeta-Jones in 2000. Last year, Douglas bought Luker out of the Mallorca estate and opened up about the difficulties of sharing the home with his wife and his ex. The listing brokers were Lauren Muss and Michael Francis Passaro of Douglas Elliman. The buyer was repped by Iman Bacodari, also of Elliman. All three brokers declined comment.