Troubled Hollywood star Kevin Spacey smirked on his way into London’s criminal court Thursday morning as he entered a not-guilty plea connected to sex offenses leveled against him that date back almost 20 years. The “House of Cards” star, 62, appeared in court over the sexual assault charges stemming from his time as an artistic director at a local theater between 2005 and 2013. The scandal-scarred actor was charged with four counts of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. The most serious accusation against him is a charge of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent when he allegedly forced a man to have oral sex. The actor, appearing under his real name of Kevin Spacey Fowler, was asked to state his name and address before pleading “not guilty” at the hearing. Spacey will sit trial on June 6, 2023. In his first court appearance last month, his lawyer said Spacey “strenuously denied all allegations.” Spacey, who was granted unconditional bail, could face life in prison if found guilty of the most serious offense. If convicted of sexual assault he could be slapped with a six-month prison sentence or an unlimited fine. The two-time Oscar winner — known for starring in “The Usual Suspects” and “American Beauty” — was questioned by cops in 2019 about claims by several men who said he assaulted them during his time as the artistic director of London’s Old Vic theater between 2005 and 2013. The alleged victims are all now in their 30s and 40s. Four of the alleged incidents took place in London between March 2005 and August 2008, and one in Gloucestershire, England, in April 2013. The Crown Prosecution Service authorized charges against the actor in May, but he could only be formally charged once arriving on British soil last month. The actor — who came out as gay in 2017 — said he’s “confident” he will be able to prove his innocence in court. The mounting allegations against the actor spun his once-successful career into chaos. Spacey was written out of the final season of “House of Cards” and was cut from Ridley Scott’s 2017 film “All The Money In The World.” The film, which starred Michelle Williams and Mark Wahlberg, was completed with Spacey cast as the lead. After sexual misconduct allegations were made against Spacey, he was cut from the movie and replaced by Christopher Plummer.