Our tour around the NFL continues as we head to the AFC South for another look at team win totals. Although the Titans and Colts share the same win total of 9.5 games, Indianapolis is currently the odds-on-favorite to win the division at -115. Tennessee is next up at +150, while Jacksonville’s odds are even longer at +750. Houston is the longshot in the division with odds at +2500. (Lines via BetMGM.) The final thing to note is the scheduling composition for the AFC North, as each team will have the following: After a tumultuous 2021 season, the Houston Texans will welcome any semblance of normalcy as this time around, there won’t be any debate about who their starting quarterback will be. The job should belong to Davis Mills, who made 11 starts and appeared in 13 games as the Texans won four games for a second straight season. Mills was a 2021 third-round draft pick from Stanford, and football die-hards might recall that he was the No. 1 quarterback recruit coming out of high school. There’s no question that Mills has talent, as he completed 66.8% of his passes as a rookie. But before you think that most of his passes were merely check-downs, he still finished the year with a higher intended air yards (7.2) per pass attempt than six other quarterbacks in the league. Mills should benefit from his experience last year as we only need the Texans to win one more game than their previous two seasons to go over their win total. Moreover, Houston should be buoyed by an offseason that received favorable reviews from media outlets. Much of the buzz surrounding the Texans is due to the haul they received for trading wantaway quarterback Deshaun Watson. In exchange, Houston received three first-round picks (2022, 2023, 2024), a third-round pick in 2022, and a fourth-round pick in 2024. The Texans landed LSU cornerback Derek Stingley Jr. with the third overall pick. Houston then grabbed Texas A&M guard Kenyon Green with the 15th pick and Baylor safety Jalen Pitre in the second round with the 37th pick. And who can fault the Texans for taking a pair of Alabama players in wide receiver John Metchie III (second round, 44th overall) and linebacker Christian Harris (third round, 75th overall)? Even after Harris, Houston still had more picks in the draft with Florida running back Dameon Pierce (fourth round, 107th overall), Stanford’s defensive end Thomas Booker (fifth round, 150th overall), Oregon State tight end Teagan Quitoriano (fifth round, 170th overall), and LSU offensive tackle Austin Deculus (sixth round, 205thth overall). While the Texans might not gain a ton of headlines from their free agent signings of edge rusher Ogbonnia Okoronkwo (79.2 PFF grade), defensive back MJ Stewart (83.8 PFF grade), and guard AJ Cann (47.7 PFF grade), the reality is the roster is coming together nicely thanks to a very successful draft. Houston should also benefit from the veteran leadership of Lovie Smith as its new head coach. And after back-to-back seasons of four wins, the Texans are ready to get over the (small) hump. The Jaguars will face a stiff challenge to win 6.5 games with first-year head coach Doug Pederson. Jacksonville would need to win seven games to cash a ticket for over bettors. That projection would more than double the Jaguars’ 2021 win total of three games. Doing so won’t be easy, especially considering that most pundits felt the Jaguars were below average in improving the team during the offseason. Pro Football Focus gave Jacksonville a C+ grade. That means as many as 23 teams finished with a higher grade than them. Jacksonville failed to land a game-changing superstar in the offseason but did bring in some pieces to help with its run defense. While Folorunso Fatukasi should improve the defensive line, he’s coming off a 2021 season where he received an overall player grade of 61.5 with a 57.3 against the run. However, the talent is there, considering that in 2020, Fatukasi received an overall player grade of 80.1  and 86.2 against the run. 61.5 player grade. Jacksonville might’ve also paid well above the market price to land wide receiver Christian Kirk ($72 million), guard Brandon Scherff ($49.5 million), and linebacker Foyesade Oluokun ($30 million). One has to wonder if free agents have almost a surcharge fee to join up with the Jaguars in Jacksonville. And although second-year quarterback Trevor Lawrence will have some new weapons at his disposal, along with wide receiver Zay Jones joining from Las Vegas and tight end Evan Engram from the Giants, neither of these players are considered the top of the class in their positions. Then there’s the NFL Draft, where many felt Jacksonville passed on the highest-rated player in Michigan’s edge rusher Aidan Hutchinson by selecting Georgia’s Travon Walker. The Jaguars did utilize most of their draft selections on the defensive side of the ball, with Utah’s Devin Lloyd (first round, 27th overall) and Wyoming’s Chad Muma (third round, 70th overall). Kentucky center Luke Fortner was added in the third round but drafting another running back in Ole Miss’s Snoop Conner (fifth round, 154th overall) in the fifth round was a bit of a head-scratcher given that Jacksonville is already well stocked at the position. As a result, I’m not too fond of the Jaguars’ chances to double their win total with this roster. I’ll look to play their win total under 6.5 games. My take on the Colts might be a bit simplistic because I can’t subscribe to the notion that at this stage in his career, Matt Ryan is a better quarterback than Carson Wentz. Wentz finished ninth in Total QBR with a 54.7 value, while Ryan finished 21st with a 46.1 mark. I know that Wentz is a bit of a lightning rod, but you can’t ignore his 27-to-7 touchdown-interception ratio. In comparison, Ryan had fewer touchdowns (20) while throwing more interceptions (12). However, after the Colts’ choke job in missing the playoffs on the final day of the regular season, Wentz was the logical scapegoat. That’s not to say that he didn’t deserve it, but the numbers suggest there’s talent there if he can better protect the football, particularly at critical junctures of the game. Acquiring Ryan wasn’t the only trade the Colts made. They also shipped cornerback Rock Ya-Sin (69.9 PFF grade) to the Raiders in exchange for pass-rusher Yannick Ngakoue (47.2 PFF grade). Indianapolis then signed free agent and former Defensive Player of the Year Stephon Gilmore (77.1 PFF grade) to replace Ya-Sin. Brandon Facyson (51.7 PFF grade) was also brought over from the Chargers to provide additional support. Aside from the three moves, the Colts prioritized retaining their core players by resigning offensive tackle Matt Pryor (76.5 PFF grade) and defensive lineman Tyquan Lewis (71.3 PFF grade). The Colts also gave out extensions to receiver Mo Alie-Cox (66.42 PFF grade) and linebacker Zaire Franklin (71.3 PFF grade). If we turn to the draft, Indianapolis didn’t pick until the second round when it selected Cincinnati wide receiver Alec Pierce 53rd overall. With three picks in the third round, the Colts selected Virginia tight end Jelani Woods (73rd overall), Central Michigan tackle Bernhard Raimann (77th overall), and Maryland safety Nick Cross (96th overall). Indianapolis then drafted Missouri State defensive tackle Eric Johnson in the fifth round (159th overall). In the sixth round, the Colts took a second tight end in Youngstown State’s Andrew Ogletree (192nd overall), followed by another defensive tackle in Cincinnati’s Curtis Brooks (216th overall). Yale’s Rodney Thomas II was the Colts’ final pick in the seventh round (239th overall). However, despite the various moves by the Colts’ front office, it all comes down to how Ryan plays at the age of 37. I’m obviously in the minority, but I don’t see Ryan as an upgrade over Wentz, so I can only look to play the under in this spot. After committing to three picks in this division, I will pass on taking a position with the Titans. However, I’d probably lean to the under if I had to pick. I’ll admit that I’m a bit leery of fading Titans head coach Mike Vrabel. By a wide margin, Vrabel’s been the best coach from the Bill Belichick coaching tree. Nonetheless, he’ll have his hands full as the Titans are almost in a rebuild on offense as they’ll have to replace wide reivers A.J. Brown and Julio Jones. According to Mike Moraitis of Yahoo Sports, 14 players with at least two targets in 2021 are no longer with the team. Moreover, Tennessee has to replace 66% of its targets from the previous season, which is the highest mark of any team in the league. The Titans will also be without two starters on their offensive line after making some cuts to get under the salary cap. Thus, it’s no surprise that the Titans reserved six of their nine draft picks for players on the offensive side of the ball. Arkansas wide receiver Treylon Burks (first round, 18th overall) will have the biggest shoes to fill as Brown’s replacement. However, the reality is that for their 2022 draft to be a success, the Titans will need to get the best out of Liberty quarterback Malik Willis (third round, 86th overall). Unfortunately, if Willis gets significant minutes this season, it could signal that the Titans are already out of playoff contention. Most of Tennessee’s draft picks are viewed more as long-term projects with decent upside for potential. Yet while those picks could pan out in the future, they could leave the Titans somewhat exposed for this upcoming season.