Legendary “Godfather” star James Can passed away on July 6. He was 82. Fans and stars from across Hollywood spread condolences for the New York-born actor on Thursday. In an exclusive statement to Deadline, “The Godfather” director Francis Ford Coppola gave sorrowful condolences for the actor who played Sonny Corleone, saying Caan “was someone who stretched through my life longer and closer than any motion picture figure I’ve ever known.” “From those beginning times working on ‘The Rain People,’ throughout all the milestones of my life. His films and the many great roles he played will never be forgotten. Old friend from Sunnyside, collaborator and one of the funniest people I’ve ever known,” he continued. “Jimmy was my fictional brother and my lifelong friend,” “Godfather” star Al Pacino said in a statement to Deadline. “It’s hard to believe that he won’t be in the world anymore because he was so alive and daring. A great actor, a brilliant director and my dear friend. I’m gonna miss him.” Robert De Niro, who starred in “The Godfather 2,” said: “I’m very very sad to hear about Jimmy’s passing.” “I’m heartbroken to hear of Jimmy’s passing. Shocked. No words. Thank you, Jimmy. Love you, your ‘Kat,'” tweeted Kathy Bates, who starred alongside Caan in “Misery,” which earned her an Oscar. “So sorry to hear the news. I loved working with him. And the only Jew I knew who could calf rope with the best of them. Love to the family,” Rob Reiner said. Actor Ethan Embry sorrowfully said: “The Caan family played a major role in saving my life 11 years ago. I am so sorry for your loss and hope you can again soon find peace.” Director Alex Winter scribed on Twitter: “Ugh. I just saw him speak at the Godfather 50 with Francis and Talia [Shire] and he was as spirited and fiery as ever. What a giant.” Rex Chapman added: “Rest easy, James Caan…” Podcaster Andy Richter penned a tribute, noting that he was “shocked” at Caan’s death. “Was lucky enough, after a lifetime of loving his work, to get to work with him and I loved him as a person even more. Funny, warm, self-deprecating, and effortlessly talented. They say never meet your heroes, but he proved that to be very very wrong,” he said. “RIP James Caan, 82. Brilliant actor — loved him as Sonny Corleone in The Godfather, such a ferocious, menacing, magnificent performance. Met him once at a party in LA and he was a very funny & highly entertaining man. Sad news,” Piers Morgan wrote on Twitter. “Guardians of the Galaxy” director James Gunn also expressed his sadness over Caan’s death. “Rest In Peace James Caan. There are so many movies of his I love, The ‘Godfather’ films of course being at the very top,” the filmmaker said. “Forrest Gump” alum Gary Sinise commented, “Very sad to hear the news that James Caan has died. Heartbroken for his family & his friends. Wonderful to know him & call him a pal. Jimmy was so supportive of Gary Sinise Foundation & my work w/ our veterans. He will be missed. Thank you my friend. Rest In Peace. God bless you.” “Loved him very much,” fellow actor Adam Sandler wrote on Twitter. “Always wanted to be like him. So happy I got to know him. Never ever stopped laughing when I was around that man. His movies were best of the best. We all will miss him terribly. Thinking of his family and sending my love.” “A great actor has left us. Deepest condolences to all of his family and loved ones,” wrote Antonio Banderas on Twitter. “Legend… Rest in Power, Jimmy. Our condolences to Scotty and his family,” tweeted Cary Elwes. “Funny Lady” co-star Barbra Streisand, also wrote she was “so sorry to hear about Jimmy.  He was so talented.” The “Elf” star’s Twitter account announced the news of his passing Thursday, writing: “It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time.” At the time, no cause of death was provided. He is survived by his five children: “Ocean’s 11” star Scott Caan, 45; James Arthur Caan, 26; Tara A. Caan, 57; Jacob Nicholas Caan, 23; and Alexander James Caan, 31. Oscar-nominated Caan, who is known for his work in “Elf,” “Brian’s Song,” “El Dorado” and “Misery,” is perhaps most notorious for his role in Coppola’s “The Godfather” alongside Al Pacino and Marlon Brando. “One of the things that made ‘The Godfather’ successful, besides brilliant directing and writing and wonderful actors … was that everyone really enjoyed making it, and that comes off on the screen,” the New York City native told The Post in March for the film’s 50th anniversary. “And I think the audience can tell that we were having a good time doing what we were doing up there.”