How much do you spend a year ordering expensive coffee from places like Starbucks? If it’s a lot, the answer doesn’t have to be cutting out something you like. You can just find a more affordable way to make it at home. The MILANO Stovetop Espresso Maker and EZ Latte Milk Frother Bundle Set could be all you need to make your favorite latte at home. Right now, this gourmet espresso set is on sale for $49.50 (Reg. $55). Whether you’re looking for a simple, reliable replacement to over-complicated digital coffee makers or just want a way to make a good brew at home, the MILANO could be a way to make your favorite drink even better. This Espresso Maker has no digital components to speak of. In fact, it’s mostly made of stainless steel and is actually adapted from a design that has been in use for nearly 100 years. You can put it directly on your stove at home, or pack it up and take it camping. This espresso maker is ultra portable and can make coffee just as well on a camping stove as it would on your range at home. Use the MILANO on electric, glass-top, gas, propane, or camping stoves with no change in coffee quality as long as the heat is consistent. If things get too hot, there’s a burn guard to help protect your fingers from the metal of the pot. To clean up, just rinse every component of the espresso maker after and let them air-dry while sitting upright. At home or in nature, the battery-powered milk frother can turn your coffee into a delightful latte like what you’d find at a café. In moments, get a light, fluffy, pourable foam to turn your coffee or tea into a latte. There’s even more you can do with this frother. From prepping your favorite latte to making an actual souffle, this is a hidden kitchen swiss army knife. Try a time-tested espresso maker the next time you need a pick-me-up. For a limited time, get the MILANO Stovetop Espresso Maker and EZ Latte Milk Frother Bundle Set on sale for $49.50 (Reg. $55). Prices subject to change. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.