Severe thunderstorms will pose threats of damaging winds, large hail, flash flooding and even a few tornadoes across a large portion of the northern and eastern U.S. each day through Sunday. The storms will fire up along the periphery of a dome of high pressure that’s been causing an intense heat wave in the southern tier of the nation over the last several days. This persistent weather pattern was also responsible for two tornadoes in southern Ohio on Wednesday that damaged more than 100 homes and businesses. July is the nation’s second-most-active month for damaging thunderstorm winds, so it’s not all that uncommon to have frequent severe weather threats this time of year. Here’s what to expect from the storms through the weekend. Scattered severe thunderstorms are expected Friday from parts of the northern Rockies into the western Plains. A corridor of scattered severe storms might also develop from portions of the Ohio Valley into the Southeast. Large hail and damaging wind gusts are the main threats. The storms could also produce locally heavy rainfall capable of flash flooding, particularly in the Ohio Valley, the central Appalachians and the eastern Carolinas. Scattered thunderstorms are expected Saturday afternoon and evening from parts of the northern Rockies eastward across much of the northern Plains. Isolated severe storms could also develop in portions of the Southeast and the southern mid-Atlantic. Damaging wind gusts and large hail are the main threats, but a few tornadoes are also possible, particularly in central and eastern North Dakota and northwestern Minnesota. The storms in the East will also have the potential to produce flash flooding with the highest threat predicted to be in the eastern Carolinas. Scattered severe thunderstorms are possible across parts of the Upper Midwest on Sunday afternoon and evening. Damaging wind gusts and large hail are the primary threats, but a few tornadoes are also possible. Non-severe thunderstorms could also linger in portions of the Southeast, but flash flooding will remain a concern, especially in southeastern Georgia and eastern South Carolina. 