NBA player Miles Bridges was hit with domestic violence and child abuse charges in Los Angeles Tuesday after he allegedly attacked his girlfriend in front of their two children last month, prosecutors said. Charges against the 24-year-old Charlotte Hornets forward came after his girlfriend, Mychelle Johnson, shared disturbing photos of her injuries in the aftermath of the alleged attack on June 27 and 28 at a Los Angeles home. Bridges allegedly choked Johnson, 24, until she passed out, broke her nose and gave her a concussion, she had revealed on social media. The children were not physically harmed. “Domestic violence creates physical, mental and emotional trauma that has a lasting impact on survivors,” Los Angeles District Attorney Gascón said in a Tuesday statement announcing the charges. “Children who witness family violence are especially vulnerable and the impact on them is immeasurable. Mr. Bridges will be held accountable for his actions and our Bureau of Victim Services will support the survivors through this difficult process.” Bridges is charged with one felony count of injuring a child’s parent and two felony counts of child abuse, prosecutors said. The basketball player turned himself in a day after police arrived at the home and was released from jail on $130,000 bail, police said. Bridges, who was previously fined $50,000 for striking a fan with a mouthpiece, is a restricted free agent this summer, and the Hornets have the option to match any offers from other teams. The Michigan native was Charlotte’s leading scorer last year, averaging more than 20 points in 80 games. The Hornets said the team was “aware of the charges that were filed today against Miles Bridges” in a Tuesday night statement. “These are very serious charges that we will continue to monitor. As this is a legal matter, we will have not further comment at this time,” the team said. In her Instagram post describing the alleged attack, Johnson wrote, “I hate that it has come to this but I can’t be silent anymore. “I’ve allowed someone to destroy my home, abuse me in every way possible and traumatize our kids for life.”