It was a hot tub love machine. An appalled Hong Kong hotel guest captured the scandalous moment two shameless couples decided to get jiggy with it in the facility’s jacuzzis. A video of their hot tub hanky-panky session is blowing up online. “I did not expect to see people doing this when I stood on my balcony,” the unnamed videographer told Viral Press of the lecherous quartet’s aquatic romp. The NSFW double date went down July 1 in a high-rise hotel room in the North Point area of the Vertical City. The steamy 35-second clip, filmed from the cameraman’s veranda, shows an unidentified man performing a randy sex act on a woman in an open-air hot tub a floor below in full view and earshot of the surrounding rooms. In both shots, the woman is seen enjoying a bowl of noodles, bringing a whole new meaning to “send noods.” The footage then zooms in on the second pair of lovebirds, who are seen having intercourse in another — thankfully enclosed — hot tub like a scene out of the Playboy Bunny Ranch. If that wasn’t bad enough, families can be seen splashing about on the ground floor, apparently oblivious to the salacious antics transpiring above. Needless to say, the hotel horndogs could apparently face serious jail time for their whirlpool romance. Hong Kong lawyer Albert Luk Wai-hung told local media that public sex is illegal. “A person who, without lawful authority or excuse, in any public place or in view of the public, indecently exposes any part of his body, shall be guilty of an offense and shall be liable on conviction of a fine and imprisonment for up to six months,” he said. Unfortunately, the official said the videographer could also be penalized for filming the sordid display: “Further to this rule, the video taker may have also violated the Control of Obscene and Indecent Articles Ordinance and could be duly punished.” However, the cameraman maintains that he had filmed the couple as a favor to law enforcement. “‘The rooms were not private,” he insisted. “They were aware that other hotel guests could see them. This is why I recorded their inappropriate behavior.” This isn’t the first public sex display to make the rounds of late. In May, a UK couple took their love life to new heights while having sex on a cliff in full view of restaurant diners.