Johnny Depp made a dramatic return to the stand in his defamation trial against Amber Heard on Wednesday, insisting that he has never abused his ex-wife — but admitting he sent a text message promising her “total global humiliation.” “No human being is perfect, certainly not, but I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories of me committing these things,” Depp said during his last moments of direct questioning in the Fairfax, Va., courtroom. The “Edward Scissorhands” star, who first testified in the bombshell case a few weeks ago, used his second round in the witness box to deny several alleged instances of abuse — including the details of how he lost part of his finger in March 2015. “I miss my finger,” Depp quipped. Depp, 58, claims Heard, 36, severed the tip of his finger by throwing a vodka bottle at him during a fight in Australia. She says he hurt himself in a drunken rage where he also allegedly sexually assaulted her with a bottle. The “Pirates” actor said Heard’s statements under oath were “horrible, ridiculous, humiliating, ludicrous, painful, savage, unimaginably brutal, cruel, and all false.” “No matter what happens, I did get here and I did tell the truth,” Depp told the jury. He also didn’t deny sending a text about Heard that said: “She’s begging for total global humiliation. She’s gonna get it.” “I’m so f—ing happy she wants to go to fight this out!!! She will hit the wall hard!!! And I cannot wait to have this waste of a c– guzzler out of my life!!!” said the message, read in court by Heard attorney Ben Rottenborn. Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial The August 2016 text, sent to Depp’s former talent agent, Christian Carino, also features a series of insults — including calling Heard a “dangling overused flappy fish market” and a “50 cent stripper.” “I have no mercy, no fear and not an ounce of emotion, or what I once thought was love for this gold digging, low level, dime a dozen, mushy, pointless dangling overused flappy fish market,” Depp wrote to Carino. “I can only hope that karma kicks in and take the gift of breath from her,” the texts continued, apparently referring to Heard. “Sorry, man . . . But, NOW, I will stop at nothing!!! Let’s see if mollusk has a pair,” Depp added, in an apparent reference to Tesla boss Elon Musk, who was dating Heard at the time. Depp explained the message by saying it was penned when his life was being upended by Heard’s abuse allegations. The actor is suing Heard for $50 million over her 2018 op-ed in The Washington Post in which she called herself “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” He was not named in the essay but claims it defamed him. Heard countersued for $100 million, alleging Depp and his lawyer defamed her by mounting a smear campaign accusing her of fabricating accusations of abuse. In his testimony, Depp took aim at the claim, telling the jury again that he was the victim of domestic violence in the relationship, not Heard. “Miss Heard hit me,” he said after being asked how he received a bruise under his left eye during the couple’s honeymoon on the Orient Express train in July 2015. “I had a sort of shiner.” When asked if he had taken eight to 10 MDMA pills during the Australia fight that ended with his fingertip getting cut — as Heard has claimed — he said: “No, I have not . . . because I’d be dead.” Depp also shot back at Heard’s claim that she got her leading role in “Aquaman” on her own, saying he spoke to “three upper-echelon” Warner Bros. executives to help seal the deal. “I can only say that ultimately she did get the job in the film . . . so I supposed I curbed their worries to some degree,” Depp said. The six-week trial is now its final stretch with closing arguments set for Friday.