A Russian soldier went on trial in Ukraine Friday for the killing of an unarmed civilian, marking the first war crimes case since Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion. Sgt. Vadim Shyshimarin, 21, a member of a Russian tank unit, is accused of shooting a 62-year-old Ukrainian man in the head through an open car window in the northeastern village of Chupakhivka during the first week of the war. After the soldier’s capture, the Security Service of Ukraine, known as the SBU, posted a short video on May 4 of Shyshimarin describing on camera how he shot the man. The SBU described the video as “one of the first confessions of the enemy invaders.” “I was ordered to shoot,” said Shyshimarin, wearing a blue and gray hooded sweatshirt. “I shot one (round) at him. He falls. And we kept on going.” On Friday, journalists and cameras packed inside a small courtroom at the Solomyanskyy district court in Kyiv, where Shyshimarin appeared in a small glass cage. Shyshimarin faces up to life in prison if convicted of the charges against him under Ukrainian laws pertaining to war. Ukraine’s Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova’s office has said it is looking into more than 10,000 potential war crimes, including killings and cases of torture, involving more than 600 suspects, including Russian soldiers and government officials. The judges and lawyers in Shyshimarin’s case discussed procedural matters briefly before the judges left the courtroom and then returned to say the proceedings would continue on another day. Defense attorney Victor Ovsyanikov acknowledged that the case against the soldier is strong but said the final decision over what evidence to allow will be made by the court in Kyiv. As the first war crimes case in Ukraine since the start of the war 11 weeks ago, Shyshimarin’s prosecution is being watched closely. Many of the alleged atrocities were uncovered last month after Moscow’s forces gave up on trying to capture Kyiv and withdrew from around the capital, leaving behind mass graves and bodies in the streets in towns such as Bucha On Feb. 28, four days after Russia invaded Ukraine, Shyshimarin was among a group of Russian troops who had been defeated by Ukrainian forces, according to Venediktova’s account. As the Russians fled, they fired at a private car and seized the vehicle. They then drove to Chupahivka, a village in the Sumy region about 200 miles east of Kyiv. On the way, Venediktova said, the Russian soldiers saw a man walking on the sidewalk and talking on his phone. Shyshimarin was ordered to kill the man so he wouldn’t be able to report them to Ukrainian military authorities. Shyshimarin fired his Kalashnikov rifle through the open window and hit the victim in the head. “The man died on the spot just a few dozen meters from his house,” Venediktova wrote. With Post wires