It’s an elimination night in the Stanley Cup Playoffs and the Boston Bruins are on the chopping block. And it’s hard to argue that the Carolina Hurricanes don’t deserve its 3-2 series lead. Although Game 1 was pretty tight, the Hurricanes were full value for their wins in Games 2 and 5. Every year in the Stanley Cup Playoffs we’ll see a series or two where the scoreline doesn’t really reflect how the games have unfolded — this is not one of those instances. That said, there are plenty of reasons to believe that Boston can grind out a win on Thursday night and send this series back to Raleigh for Game 7 on Saturday. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: FLA +1.5 (-250) vs. BOS -1.5 (+195) Moneyline: FLA (+110+ vs. BOS (-130) Total: Over 5.5 (-120) | Under 5.5 (+100) In terms of their on-ice play, things look worse than they actually are for Boston. While the B’s have been outscored, 12-6, at 5-on-5 through the first five games, the expected goals show that this series has been a little tighter than that deficit suggests. Through 207 minutes of play, the Hurricanes have generated 7.74 expected goals, while the Bruins have created 8.81. Carolina does have a slight 35-32 advantage in terms of creating high-danger scoring chances, but both of those metrics show that these two teams have played a tight series at 5-on-5. Another important edge for Boston on Thursday night is that with home-ice advantage comes the benefit of having the last change. That means that Bruce Cassidy can get the matchups he wants. In some series, getting the last line change is overrated, but for the way Boston is built, it is a big deal. The Bruins will only go as far as the “Perfection Line” of Brad Marchand, Patrice Bergeron, and David Pastrnak takes them, so getting that trio on the ice in advantageous situations does make a difference. Additionally, Boston’s defense will be at full strength for the first time since Game 2. Hampus Lindholm is expected to play for the first time since he was knocked out of the second period of the second game, while Charlie McAvoy should be closer to 100% after he returned from a bout with Covid-19 and missed Game 4. With McAvoy and Lindholm healthy, Cassidy has a top pairing that he can throw out against Carolina’s best forwards and in big situations throughout the game. Oddsmakers had this series very close to a pick’em before Game 1 and look like they were right on the nose. The margins between these two teams are quite thin, but with a healthy top-pairing and home-ice advantage, Boston is a little short at the current prices. Prediction, bet: Boston Bruins -130 or better — (-125 on Caesars Sportsbook)