It’s tea time, Post readers. Or, maybe instant noodles or pour-over coffee, if that’s more your speed. To have a roaring boil in a flash, turn to a regular stovetop kettle or an electric one, that also make for super cute kitchen counter decor. Since there are an abundance of options at retailers big and small, we rounded up our favorites in an array of colors, sizes and prices to fit anyone’s needs. Plus, we have picks from larger sites like Amazon and Bloomingdale’s as well as more boutique options from Kate Spade and MacKenzie-Childs. There’s nothing quite like the classic whistle of a kettle ready for tea time. This one is an Amazon Choice bestseller, with more than 4,600 reviews and counting. The silver kettle is made of stainless steel and is stovetop safe and easy to clean. For an electric take on a kettle, this one is sleek and dare we say sexy? The matte black electric kettle has a long gooseneck spout perfect for pour-over coffee and drinks and the LED display is just an added bonus. Go retro with this throwback style kettle from SMEG. The old school style-kettle is sold at Bloomingdale’s and comes in an array of six colors from mint green to pink and red. It has an automatic shut-off and seven temperature settings. Getting a kettle is a perfect way to also upgrade your kitchen decor game. The checkered kettles are from MacKenzie-Childs and are crafted with ceramic glaze and rimmed in bronzed stainless steel. They are stove safe and also have matching cups and other decor on the site. Take it easy with this kettle from Dash. The appliances brand is known for being aesthetically pleasing and easy to use, and this electric kettle is both. It comes in four colors and can boil up to 57 ounces with ease. Decorate your space with this adorable art deco kettle from Kate Spade. The polka dot tea kettle comes in black and white, which is perfect for matching any kitchen counter. It is made of enamel and steel. If the polka dots aren’t your vibe it also comes in an equally cute cherry pattern. This kettle is perfect for an afternoon tea party, with royalty or just with your pals. The floral teapot is sold at Anthropologie for under $100, a steal when you look at the stunning gilded handle and hand-painted design. Turn up the heat on your coffee game with this kettle perfect for pour-over drinks. The kettle comes with a thermometer to get your water to the perfect temperature, and the long spout makes pouring over your coffee a breeze, no spills in sight. Watch you water turn to tea with this beautiful clear teapot with a built-in diffuser. The pot is sold on Amazon and comes in a stovetop safe version for brewing in a snap. It has over 3,000 reviews and is also great for blooming flowers and other infused drinks. For a sleek and streamlined kettle that has an electric switch, this one is for you. The silver kettle has a BPA-free plastic handle that stays cool while your water heats up, made of 100% food-grade stainless steel. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.