Nationals manager Davey Martinez and baseball president Mike Rizzo have options for 2023 due by the All-Star Game break. One might assume, considering the pair won the 2019 World Series together and Rizzo has a long track record of success, it’s a no-brainer to pick up both options. Also, with the team for sale, it might show stability to return two popular figures. However, there’s no guarantee, and one veteran Nats watcher pointed out that though the team-owning Lerners spend for players, they are tough on upper management, and could just defer the decisions until winter. Though that would be awkward, they’ve had awkward situations before, like Jim Riggleman walking out midseason and Dusty Baker being fired after 97 wins. The Martinez option is for $3.5 million. … The Nats are receiving a lot of interest in their team, and the bids are expected to be big (north of $2 billion), leading to a belief the team definitely will sell. There’s still no evidence superstar Juan Soto will hit the trade block, though Joel Sherman suggested on “The Show,” it’s possible a new owner might prefer Soto be dealt than have to do deal with a contract situation that will undoubtedly turn into a record deal. … The Phillies’ top-heavy team has to be better than this, right? … The Orioles haven’t committed to taking Georgia H.S. star CF Druw Jones No. 1, and one scout opined, “I think he’s the best player, but I don’t think the Orioles will take him.” They have occasionally gone for bargains up high to save money for later in the draft (though Adley Rutschman was an exception at No. 1). Tony La Russa didn’t like me singling him out for criticism over labeling Josh Donaldson’s dumb taunt of Tim Anderson “racist.” Though I didn’t agree with that one word, La Russa did offer very eloquent words in support of Anderson: “Tim is a very special player,” La Russa said by text. … White Sox GM Rick Hahn, speaking by phone on the team’s surprising offensive struggles (.648 OPS, 25th best), said, “They all have track records. They will be fine.” He pointed out it’s early and they’ve played a tough schedule with few off days, but admitted, “This is more than you want to scuffle.” … The Trevor Bauer hearing began Monday and will continue on days MLB arbitrator Martin Scheinman is available. The ruling may take weeks. … Player of the Week: Mookie Betts, Dodgers, OF. Runner-up: Joc Pederson, Giants, OF.