The Post’s Jon Heyman delivers news and notes from around MLB. Now it can be told. The Mets-Padres deal was canceled after Mets doctors raised a red flag over right-hander Chris Paddack’s medicals. They look correct now, as Paddack had Tommy John surgery Wednesday and will be out for the Twins until next year. The original proposed deal had Paddack, Eric Hosmer and reliever Emilio Pagan going to the Mets for Dom Smith, and enough money going to the Mets where it was a $25 million hit for them to cover the four years remaining on Hosmer’s deal. Mets people decided that if Paddack had to miss more than a year, it wasn’t worth it. Though Hosmer is killing it for the Padres (.336), the Mets’ plan was to deal Hosmer in a second trade that was being discussed simultaneously, anyway. That makes sense the Mets were planning to deal Hosmer, as Pete Alonso prefers not to DH much. … Jacob deGrom best case scenario is likely July now. The Mets aren’t giving out any more timetables, however. … The Padres tried to trade Dinelson Lamet before optioning him, but though the former Cy Young vote-getter was throwing 97 mph, an inconsistent slider was hurting results. Still, there should be takers on a buy-low deal. … Fernando Tatis Jr. is projected back in late June. … The Mets’ quiet concern remains the bullpen. The aptly named Colin Holderman, just called up, will get the first crack, before they contemplate trade options. Joe Panik (East Fishkill, St. John’s) has quietly retired after a fine career. His child Mikayla was born last year, and he’s enjoying family life. One of baseball’s nicest guys retires with a .264 average, and, of course, that 2014 ring. … Asdrubal Cabrera is open to playing in that right situation. He has turned down one MLB offer. … The Marlins staged a nice celebration of their 1997 championship team, and saw a reminder why the team held a fire sale following their Series win, as the celebration at Marlins Park (LoanDepot Park) was sparsely attended. Attendance for celebration weekend: 33,780. … The A’s are the current kings of empty parks, though, as they’ve made their sole goal to save bucks. Sad! … Former No. 1 pick Royce Lewis showed why the Twins picked him so high, injecting energy and hitting .308 before being demoted upon Carlos Correa’s return. … The Dodgers offered a one-year deal to Carlos Rodon, who got two years with an opt out from the Giants. Dodgers baseball president Andrew Friedman and his Giants counterpart Farhan Zaidi seem to have similar thoughts — good ones. Word is, the plan is for baseball’s No. 1 prospect Adley Rutschman to be up later this month. The O’s’ farm system is outstanding, with also RHP Grayson Rodriguez, INF Gunnar Hendeson, LHP DL Hall and the No. 1 pick to come in July. … Druw Jones, son of Andruw, who should be in the Hall, can play center in the majors “right now,” says one scout. He’s very into his Vanderbilt commitment, but as a top-five pick (he’s one of five the O’s are considering for No. 1) it seems unlikely he’d pass up the pros. Jackson Holliday is moving up draft boards and could be top-10 pick. The son of former Cardinals star Matt Holliday is a shortstop committed to Oklahoma State, where his dad is an assistant coach and uncle is head coach. … The Giants are seen as another potential landing spot for Aaron Judge, who grew up a Giants fan (he’s from Linden, Calif.). Though they specialize in bargains, they did make a spirited attempt for Bryce Harper, finishing second to Philadelphia. … One reason one scout sees the Red Sox selling: “There isn’t time to fix that pen.”Player of the Week: Bryce Harper, Phillies DH.