Lauryn Bosstick, blogger, podcaster, content creator (with 1.1M Instagram followers) and business owner of “The Skinny Confidential” brand, is dishing out her favorite gifts — nothing confidential about it. The founder of the popular morning routine brand is popularly known for her buzzy morning routine brand, of which her best-selling product is that fan-favorite, oversized pink ice roller ($69) that everyone has on their wishlists. “Our product line is so community-driven, along with my creative direction, which is how the ice roller was born,” Bosstick told the New York Post in an exclusive interview. “There was nothing on the market that was solving the ‘puff’ problem — and if there was, it wasn’t cute.” Bosstick had the aim to dive into content creation far before the ideation of her convenience-leaning, pretty-in-pink-packaged brand, however. “I started to blog 13 years ago — it was the mothership — and started to notice the audience was craving more intimacy and that an Instagram photo wasn’t enough — even Instagram stories weren’t enough,” she explained. “About six years ago, I looked for a way to create something that was almost direct contact, which was the podcast, because there’s nothing more intimate than being inside someone’s ear.” “The Skinny Confidential Him & Her Podcast,” which she co-hosts with her husband, Michael, has more than 100 million episode downloaded and more than 11K five-star reviews. “Our most listened to episodes are the solos between my husband and me, with other popular ones surrounding wellness, diet and toning,” Bosstick shares. “We had Jessica Alba and Caitlyn Jenner on, too.” What’s more, Bosstick says how the audience is “the main priority,” and the much-adored content creator is all about digital connection. “I’m really big on the distribution of content,” she said. “Writing the piece, creating the piece and blog post and doing the audio is only 40%, while the other 60% is the engagement and how you get your audience to listen. It’s like making art and wanting it to be seen.” How to be seen? Well, Bosstick also has a hot selection of products, ranging from her debut novel, “Get the F*ck Out of the Sun” that’s all about skincare to The Hot Shave Razor ($25) for achieving that baby-smooth complexion. What’s next? Bosstick spills the tea. “We’re launching six products based on what our community wants and we’re having some really cool guests coming up — from the biggest porn star in the world to Vanderpump Rules cast members to one of the smartest scientists in the world,” she teases. But for now, check out her fab list of gifts to give the women in your life, from your BFF to your sister. She created this edit just for The Post audience — confidentiality on mute for a moment. “This is on all my gift lists and has been for years,” Bosstick highlights. “It’s so buttery and soft — you just can’t go wrong — and we have them all over our house.” She also deems this “the perfect travel blanket” because they’re lightweight, comfortable, and warm. It also happens to be Kris Jenner’s favorite blanket, per Bosstick. According to Bosstick, this is the cleanest coffee you’ll find. “I recently learned about how nasty some coffees — think: mold, pesticides and carcinogens (thanks to Ben Greenfield who’s been on the podcast for this gem of a tip).” Kion’s Organic Coffee, impressively, has been tested for toxins and its specialty-grade roasts help to “maximize health and taste”, too, per the brand. “The cute bamboo tumbler is so grounding and earthy,” Bosstick shares. “I love this vibe for the home and think it’s so pretty.” For less than $20, you can’t go wrong — especially when the to-go essential is available in a vast selection of colors. Enter the aesthetically pleasing coffee mugs that everyone seems to be raving about — Bosstick included. “Another chic option is the clear glass Bodum mugs,” she recommends. “They’re so bougie and give drinking a cup of tea or coffee a ritualistic feel.” Aside from coffee, she loves them for matcha with cinnamon too for a feel-good experience all around. “I think this is such a useful gift that keeps on giving because you’re learning every time you pick it up,” Bosstick said of the Amazon Kindle E-Reader. And, after you open it, check out her curated bookstore list for some juicy recommendations and top reads. Typically used on your phone, Bosstick raves about using the PopSockets’ PopGrip on your Kindle. “I’m just a really big fan of this setup,” she adds. “The PopSocket protects your wrist and the Kindle [outlined above] is super easy to read on.” “This gift is so luxurious but also one of the best beauty tips ever,” according to Bosstick. “Silk is beneficial for your hair and skin, helping it retain moisture to make your skincare stay on better.” Bosstick uses one to sleep on nightly and “always notices the beauty benefits in the morning.” Much for the reasons Bosstick highlights above, Slip’s Silk Sleep Mask is one of her favorite gifts. She loves using it with her silky pillowcase, too, and it makes a great buy if $50 is your budget. Not to mention, it won’t leave your hair frizzy. “Another ride-or-die, a standout star if you will. “This looks beautiful on literally everybody and it’ll make your lips look fuller and moisturize them big time,” Bosstick notes. “Like, it’s not normal that one lipstick shade looks good on all the different skin tones of the world — but this does!” That said, it’s a truly incredible gift to give (and receive). “These headphones help drown out all the sounds: kids whining, dogs barking, doorbell ringing, phone pinging, coffee machine whirring, all of it,” Bosstick explains. “Name a mom who doesn’t need more silence in her life, I’ll wait.” She uses this modern pair for meditation, listening to healing frequencies and listening to audiobooks or podcasts when traveling. Oh, and she notes they might be her “favorite purchase, maybe ever.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.