A Canadian couple with an uncanny resemblance to Amber Heard and Johnny Depp has gone viral on TikTok after imitating the actors amid their blockbuster defamation trial. Alexandra Cunningham posted the parody video to the social media site Sunday, which co-starred her husband, Shane. The clip — which has clocked up more than 2.1 million views in less than 24 hours — highlights how much of the public has seemingly sided with Depp during the captivating court case, while Heard has been smeared online. “People told me I look like Amber Heard before, but ever since the trial started, things have escalated,” Alexandra — who some say looks almost identical to the “Aquaman” actress —  states at the beginning of the TikTok video. The clip then cuts to the blond stepping out her front door to fetch a newspaper before a neighbor mistakes her for Heard and starts to vilify her. “Hey, Amber — catch this!” the neighbor yells, throwing a tomato at her head. “You suck, Amber!” the provocateur aggressively adds before taking off and leaving the look-alike standing stunned on her stoop. The viral video then shows Shane — who is Depp’s shaggy-haired, sunglasses-wearing doppelgänger — stepping out the front door to a very different reaction. “We love you, Johnny!” a bystander yells in the parody clip as Shane walks along with a smile on his face. “Everything you say is perfect!” another person fawns. The clip is intended to parody the different reactions Depp and Heard receive as they leave the courtroom in Virginia each day. Heard is often booed as she makes her way out of the courthouse, while Depp is met with ecstatic cheers from spectators who have spent hours lining up just to get a glimpse of him. Depp is suing ex-wife Heard over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed that the actress wrote, in which she claimed to be a victim of sexual violence. But Depp’s die-hard fans have voraciously defended the “Edward Scissorhands” star, insisting that Heard was the actual abuser in their tumultuous relationship. The admirers have subsequently launched an online smear campaign against the “Aquaman” actress, accusing her of being a liar and “fake crying” during her courtroom testimony. Meanwhile, some companies and businesses have even weighed in on the ongoing legal drama, which is generating more online engagement than stories about inflation, abortion or the war in Ukraine. Last week, language-learning app Duolingo came under fire for appearing to poke fun at Heard on TikTok. In addition, a Starbucks in Los Angeles reportedly asked patrons to leave tips in either an “Amber Heard” box or a “Johnny Depp” box to see who had more support. A subsequent online video showed Depp’s box filled with cash, while Heard’s was left almost empty by comparison. “If anyone puts it in the Amber box they should be barred for life,” one viewer commented. “Put dirt on Amber’s side,” another added. “Someone poop in the Amber one, please,” a third encouraged, poking fun at Depp’s claim that Heard left a “fecal delivery” in his bed during their relationship. The case resumed in Virginia Monday, with a psychologist, called by Heard’s team, testifying that Depp’s alleged use of an earpiece to feed him lines while filming could be a sign of cognitive decline or impairment from substantial drug and alcohol use. In addition, The Post exclusively learned that Depp’s former flame, Kate Moss, is likely to testify in court via video Wednesday. And as for the Cunninghams, the look-alike couple could generate further online fame out of their physical similarities to Depp and Heard. However, TikTokkers chimed in saying that the pair looked more like Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee than they did Depp and Heard. Meanwhile, dozens of other commenters claimed Alexandra was closer in appearance to “Gossip Girl” star Blake Lively. “Oh honey, no,” one viewer quipped. “You are way prettier than Amber Heard.” 