You’ve just woken up from a strange dream and are wondering what your subconscious is playing at. From your teeth falling out to being cheated on, your subconscious is trying to tell you something, and psychic medium ElectraSoul is here to tell you exactly what this may be. Posting to TikTok the medium says she’ll be focusing on those reoccurring dreams that leave you confused and going “what the hell does this mean?” She adds that while not all dreams will have a spiritual meaning, there are plenty that likely do. Being chased by someone, or something, is a rather common dream that people can have. ElectraSoul explains just what may be causing you to have these dreams. “This signifies that there is something inside of you, that you may not even know about, that you need to confront,” the psychic says. She continues with: “looking deep inside yourself, find the things that you know you need to deal with, and deal with them.” If you dream of being chased this can also signify that you will overcome your enemy, ElectraSoul adds: “so if there’s someone in your life that is evil-eyeing the f*ck out of you then just know you are going to win that battle.” Whether it’s falling from a building, falling from a cliff, or even a lighthouse, this is a pretty common dream for people to have – and is one that can leave you feeling a bit strange the next day. ElectraSoul says: “This signifies that you need to be stronger about your decision making, like make a choice and stick with it.” “You need to be able to face your fear when it comes to what decision you’re trying to make here because it’s going to change your life but you also gotta support it. Do not be afraid of it, you’re going to be okay.” Dreaming of falling can also signify that you don’t feel in control of your life. To remedy this, the TikTok spiritualist says: “You need to take back control and stop letting people step all over you.” Having dreams in which you are kidnapped can mean that you feel suppressed somewhere in your life. This could mean you’re suppressing who you are, your creativity, or something else. For those having these unpleasant nightmares, ElectraSoul says that you must stop suppressing yourself: “You are being held back from being the person you are supposed to become. You need to step into this and stop being afraid of it.” Another possible reason you are having these dreams is that you feel as if you are being held back from reaching a big goal within your life. It may be that you are holding yourself back to which she suggests not letting this hold you back and “free yourself from your own anxieties.” Dreaming about teeth falling out can signify that you have anxieties about something in your life, there may be a decision or situation that feels as if it is too much to handle. This can cause you to feel like you have no control or that you are weak. These dreams can also represent insecurity, loss of confidence and stress. ElectraSoul suggests taking time to alleviate your stress and trying to not let outside forces affect you too much. Luckily, being cheated on in your dreams does not mean you are being cheated on in real life. This is another dream that can signify insecurities within your life: “You do not value yourself, you do not feel like you’re important and you do not feel like people see value in you,” says ElectraSoul. To remedy this she says: “You really just have to stop being so hard on yourself, you are just as special as anybody else… stop treating yourself poorly, stop treating yourself like you’re nothing. “If you want this dream to stop then take back control and stop being afraid.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.