With the year’s second Major Championship on the horizon, the PGA TOUR will make a quick pit stop in Dallas for the 2022 AT&T Byron Nelson before heading to Tulsa for the 2022 PGA Championship. World No. 1 Scottie Scheffler headlines the field at TPC Craig Ranch and is the consensus favorite at +900. Scheffler is joined by Justin Thomas (+1200), Jordan Spieth (+1700), Dustin Johnson (+1900), and Sam Burns (+1900) at the top of the board. This is only the second time this 7,468-yard par-72 has hosted this event. K.H. Lee took home the title last year at 25-under par, so this could end up as a birdie-fest. While this field is a little top-heavy compared to what we usually see the week before a major, there are still a few longshots that are worth a punt at the 2022 Byron Nelson. If you are more risk-averse, see our derivative bets for this weekend’s golf tournament Mito Pereira has been a trendy longshot and DFS play at a number of stops this season, but the Chilean has yet to truly pay off with a T13 finish at the Valero Texas Open ranking as his best result in 2022. That said, it’s not like the 27-year-old has struggled. In fact, Pereira has finished T30 or better in five of his last six full-field events and has a pair of top-15 results in that mix. Pereira’s three wins on the Korn Ferry Tour saw him post 20-under or better, so this scoring environment should suit his game. It’s been a while since Matthew Wolff was in contention in a PGA TOUR field, but last week’s T25 finish at the Wells Fargo provided a glimpse of the player we saw finishing inside the top-5 at majors in 2020. Wolff likely still has a long way to go before he’s back to his best, but this course should not provide that stiff a test and could be just what he needs to get back on song. Once he does that, you won’t see prices like this next to his name. Although he hasn’t threatened the top of the leaderboard all that much, Dylan Fritelli has made seven cuts on the spin and should have some advantages over the field given his local connections. The South African is a University of Texas alumni and has two top-10s and a top-20 finish in four career starts in the Lone Star State. His best result this season was a T8 last month at the Valero Texas Open. As is often the case with talented, young players Sahith Theegala’s results have been all over the place this season. That said, when he’s going well, Theegala’s ceiling is quite high. The 24-year-old has two top-10 finishes in 2022, including a T3 at the Waste Management Open, which is played on another TPC course.