A big-shot Hollywood lawyer reportedly paid off Hunter Biden’s delinquent taxes — which a source told The Post amounted to more than $2 million — as President Biden’s notoriously troubled son awaits the results of a Delaware grand jury’s investigation into his personal finances. Kevin Morris, an entertainment attorney and novelist who earned a fortune representing the co-creators of “South Park” and won a Tony Award as the co-producer of “The Book of Mormon,” footed Hunter Biden’s overdue taxes totaling over $2 million — more than twice what was previously reported, a source familiar with conversations between the two told The Post. Morris, whom Hunter Biden’s friends call his latest “sugar brother,” has also been funding the 52-year-old’s lifestyle in Los Angeles — including his rent and living expenses, the source said. The attorney has also been advising the president’s son on how to structure his art sales, according to the source. When The Post attempted to contact Morris at his Malibu residence to ask about his dealings with Hunter Biden, his wife slammed the door in the reporter’s face and refused to answer questions. Hunter Biden took out a loan to settle his significant 2021 tax bill after he announced he was under investigation for defrauding the Internal Revenue Service. His up-to-date tax bill could make it more difficult for prosecutors to convict Hunter Biden and hinder their ability to win a lengthy sentence if he was convicted, the New York Times reported. Tax prosecutors would typically argue that paying an overdue balance wouldn’t affect a fraud case because the evasion still occurred. However, a judge and jury may be more sympathetic toward someone who eventually paid their bill. Morris is a founding member of the firm Morris Yorn Barnes Levine in Los Angeles, which has represented A-list Hollywood celebrities such as Matthew McConaughey, Ellen DeGeneres, Scarlett Johansson, Liam Hemsworth and Chris Rock. He no longer works at the firm. In 2014, he published a collection of short stories titled “White Man’s Problems,” and in 2016 published his debut novel, “All Joe Knight,” which was listed as Amazon Best Book of the Month in Literature and Fiction in December 2016. Hunter Biden has been under investigation for failing to pay taxes since his father was vice president, but in 2018, investigators began probing whether his international business dealings intersected with President Biden’s political career. In October 2020, The Post exclusively revealed that a hard drive holding the contents of Hunter Biden’s laptop that he abandoned at a Delaware repair shop included a cache of emails that detailed how the president’s son used his political leverage in his overseas business dealings. President Biden is likely to avoid an audit that could reveal whether he made money from Hunter Biden’s overseas business dealings after the IRS rejected a whistleblower complaint that alleged the 46th president owes at least $127,000 in taxes, The Post reported last week.