Film producer, developer, distributor, theater owner Charles Cohen owns everything but the popcorn. His newie film’s “Operation Mincemeat.” A true story starring Colin Firth, it supposedly changed the course of World War II. Nazis believed an Allied invasion was on for Sicily. Hidden by British intelligence was a subterfuge spy saga created by author Ian Fleming. This involved a dead body floating in the sea with a briefcase shackled to his wrist. It contained instructions stating that what the enemy believed would occur in Sicily would actually happen further east — in Greece. Besides his movie, I asked realty owner Charles what’s with our city. He said: “Look at the long term. It’s get on top of crime. Let police do what they’re trained to do. New York’s resilient. People are moving in. Months ago, rents were down. Now it’s back up. Why? Because we’re the capital of the world. When you leave New York you’re leaving everything. There is no place like the Big Apple.” Thoughts: A while back, in terms of saving Broadway and New York’s infrastructure, bobblehead Zeldin joined the attempt to cut out aid for NY. The US was not obliged to bail us out — but since we always contributed more to the country than we ever got back, and our bankruptcy would be cataclysmic for the USA, nice for New Yorkers to recall some of our history. Also: What’s with some Southern Baptists’ strong alliance with Putin? After the invasion, some congregants were asked to “Pray for Putin” — not Ukraine — Putin! Also: Gun-lover DeSantis is hustling an open carry law. Sure, what’s he care. He wants to dump Florida and move into the White House so the Secret Service can watch him. And help replace Biden’s crayons. One more: Unusual candidates are springing up everywhere. Watch for a no-kam-do Kamala replacement to wear a skull cap, prayer shawl and be Chinese. Despite the fire going out of director Jerry Zaks’ now closed “Mrs. Doubtfire,” its leading man Rob McClure still delivers heat. His New Milford, NJ, hometown deli just named a sandwich after him. I don’t know what it is — maybe ham? . . . Another hot shot is Bill O’Reilly. His newie “Killing the Killers” — 18 in a row — is No. 1 on the best-sellers list. Her Majesty’s Consul General sent “invitation only” invites to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II. It says, “We are very excited that the reception will be followed by a silent disco with British DJs Mark Ronson and Gemma Cairney.” What’s a silent disco? It also says, “All messages sent and received by the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office may be monitored in line with relevant UK legislation.” So I doubt Me-Me Meghan and temp husband Prince Empty got one. From romantic Paris: On their wedding night, a groom in his 90s took his bride to the Eiffel Tower. Not for a party. So she could have one last look at something standing. That situation’s definitely not only in New York, kids, not only in New York.