Russian forces are storming the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, its defenders said Tuesday — less than two weeks after Russian President Vladimir Putin made a show of calling off plans to attack the Ukrainian redoubt. “The enemy is trying to storm the Azovstal plant with significant forces using armored vehicles,” Denys Shlega, a Ukrainian National Guard commander at Azovstal, said. The sprawling, Soviet-era metalworks — a maze of bunkers and tunnels — has been likened to a Ukrainian Alamo in the decimated port city of Mariupol. Some 2,000 of the city’s last remaining defenders have been holed up there for weeks, along with a few hundred civilians hiding from the Russian advance. Sviatoslav Palamar, deputy commander of the Ukrainian National Guard’s Azov Regiment, said on Telegram that the Russians were attacking the plant with “the support of armored vehicles and tanks, with attempts to land troops from boats and a large number of infantry.” “We’ll do everything that’s possible to repel the assault, but we’re calling for urgent measures to evacuate the civilians that remain inside the plant and to bring them safely,” he said. Palamar said two civilian women were killed following overnight airstrikes and artillery bombardment, and ten more civilians were injured. In an interview with CNN Monday night, the Azov leader said that their stocks of food and water were getting thin, with soldiers and civilians sharing resources. “We are extremely short on supplies in terms of water and food. I cannot tell you for sure how much is left… but I can assure you that we are saving, very fearful without water and food, and especially ammunition,” he said. “If (worse) comes to worst and we run out of food, we’ll be catching birds and we’ll be doing everything just to stand firm,” he added. After days of wrangling, a joint United Nations and International Red Cross evacuation effort on Monday brought a reported 101 civilians out of the plant. Dozens of evacuees reached the safety of Kyiv-controlled Zaporizhzhia on buses Tuesday. “I can’t believe I made it, we just want rest,” said Alina Kozitskaya, who said she spent weeks cowering in a basement with her packed bags waiting for an opportunity to escape. Still, many remained trapped in the port city.  More than 200 civilians are still in the steel plant, with a total of 100,000 stuck in Mariupol, according to Mayor Vadym Boichenko. Pascal Hundt, who heads the Ukraine office of the International Committee of the Red Cross, said that he remained “extremely concerned” about more fighting between Ukrainian and Russian forces in the city. “We are today with a mixed feeling. We have done everything to help these people to basically leave the place where they were — to leave hell,” Hundt said in a call with reporters from Kyiv. “But we would have hoped that much more people would be able to join the convoy and to get out of hell.” Two weeks prior to the evacuations, Putin said in a televised meeting with his defense minister that he was ordering Russian forces not to storm the plant. “I consider the proposed storming of the industrial zone unnecessary,” he said at the time. “There is no need to climb into these catacombs and crawl underground through these industrial facilities.” Putin instead ordered his forces to seal off the plant, and Russian bombardment continued unabated. Mariupol officials said Monday that the artillery strike on the plant paused only briefly to allow the small humanitarian evacuation, and started up again once the buses carrying civilians departed. With Post wires