Pete Davidson shared new details of his upcoming Peacock show “Bupkis” with NBCUniversal advertisers on Monday — including a big casting announcement. “I am here so that the media will start paying attention to me,” the 28-year-old “Saturday Night Live” comedian joked about his high-profile relationship with girlfriend Kim Kardashian, according to the Daily Mail. “I’ve done a lot of projects that reference my life because that’s kind of all I can do,” he said to the New York City audience at the company’s Upfront presentation, Variety reported. The new series, which will be based on Davidson’s real life, comes two years after his semi-autobiographical movie “The King of Staten Island.” “One of the things that sucks about that, though, is my family members, they often get to play themselves because of, you know, the low-budget situation. So, my mom is starting to think of herself as a real actress,” he remarked during the event. “And that’s why it makes me extremely happy to get to introduce the woman who will be playing my mom — Edie Falco.” “The Sopranos” actress, 58, joined Davidson onstage for some jokes of her own. “Finally, I get to play an overwhelmed mother of two living in a world of corruption. Except this time, it’s Staten Island,” said Falco about her portrayal of Davidson’s mom, Amy Waters. “So when is it that I get the free Peacock password? That’s where it’s streaming, right?” she asked. Peacock has yet to announce a release date for “Bupkis.” The jabs at NBC and Peacock didn’t stop there as the “SNL” cast member went a little below the belt. “We’re going to be on Peacock, the streamer that is responsible for so many great shows like ‘MacGruber’ and the reruns of ‘The Office.’ So look out for our new show streaming on the ’Cock,” he said. “Talk talking about getting ready to be filled with long six stories!” Late-night hosts Seth Meyers and Jimmy Fallon also trolled the network and streaming service, Variety reported, with Meyers apparently going after the prominent, boozy NBCUniversal franchise Bravo. “I’ll tell you some bad news … Due to 20 Bravo celebrities being in town at the same time, New York City has run out of wine,” he quipped. “I know it sounds like a made-up term but ‘Bravolebrity’ is actually the highest number you can blow on a breathalyzer.”