It has been a bit strange, looking at the stats next to Filip Chytil’s name and seeing that the 22-year-old had just three points this postseason headed into Game 6 on Saturday night, with none since his goal in the opener of this second-round series against the Hurricanes. By the eye test, Chytil has been one of the Rangers’ more noticeable players, in this series and in this postseason. When coach Gerard Gallant wanted to spark his top line, it was no coincidence that he replaced Frank Vatrano with Chytil, not once but twice over the first five games. Throughout the postseason, the most productive Rangers forward line on a given night often has been the one with Chytil driving the engine. What his postseason was missing, though, was the numbers — and the moments — to prove the eye test correct. Chytil finally put up those numbers and had those moments, scoring twice in the Rangers’ 5-2 season-saving victory, which sent the series back to Raleigh, N.C., for Game 7. The Czech Republic native has drifted at times this season. Twenty-two points in 67 regular-season games was an underwhelming output. Now, though, there is little doubt. He has proven something in ththis postseason that can give the Rangers confidence that his selection in the first round in 2017 will look good deep into the future. “Last two months have been huge [for Chytil],” Gallant said. “Everything we talked about — getting stronger in one-on-one battles, taking pucks to the net like he’s done. We’ve seen that the last two months.” After his team turned in a broken offensive performance in Game 5, Gallant reunited the Kid Line — Alexis Lafreniere, Kaapo Kakko and Chytil — for Game 6. It’s hard to imagine there will be a reason to break them up again. “They were outstanding,” Gallant said. The first big chance of the game for Chytil came early in the second period with a two-on-one breakaway. He missed the net wide, failing to test Antti Raanta. Not two minutes later, the Rangers generated another breakaway. Chytil did not miss this time, putting the Rangers up 3-0. And after the Hurricanes had gotten back within 3-1, there was Chytil again, with a sharp-angle backhander to extend the lead back to three. Asked about his night later on, Chytil harped on the early missed chance. Before that, though, he did allow himself to say: “Yeah, it feels good.” There is a larger point to be made here, about Chytil’s value and what it means to the franchise, particularly in the wake of Ryan Strome’s expiring contract, which leaves open a hole in the top six for someone to fill. For now, though, the Rangers are content with the contributions Chytil gave them in Game 6. After all, their season will march on into Game 7.