There are a handful of one-of-a-kind names in our repertoire — Rihanna, Whitney, GaGa — but Tory? Now, that’s a name that set the fashion world by storm. We love Tory Burch for sweet splurges that make our lives richer and hearts happier (see our favorite work totes for proof). Though designer-fledging, the price point is relatively reasonable. Now, it’s even more reasonable. Tory Burch is hosting its Spring Sale (which is now live!) with pages of popular picks to tickle your fancy. From drop-dead-gorgeous bags to irresistible shoes, you’ll want to get your credit cards handy with huge percentages off your favorites. Ahead, find our top picks from Tory Burch’s Spring Sale. We’ve already added some to our carts, so we recommend you follow suit. Tory Burch’s Ella Boucle Chain Mini Tote just screams “designer.” From its gold chain hardware to textured square shape, this universal carry-all is great for work, travel and leisure all the same. We’re prepping for swim season (and you should, too!) With Tory Burch’s Printed Ring One-Piece Swimsuit, you’ll feel and look amazing. Plus, the subtle cut-out detailing is flattering on everyone. What’s a Tory Burch roundup without a mention of its best-selling shoes? The Miller Cloud comes in black and brown and we love the slip-on feel to pair with your favorite paperbag shorts and summertime-ready white dresses. OK, we’re officially obsessed with Tory Burch’s Boat Applique Frame Mini Crossbody. We haven’t seen anything like it, especially with its nautical-inspired exterior, well-crafted gold hardware and fabulous sun closure that’ll last you for years. Looking for a new pajama set? Tory Burch has you covered with a luxe-feeling Silk Twill Pajama Set that’s less than $450 right now. With its floral-print design, you’ll resort to this when catching those ZZZs for decades. When it comes to dresses, we love anything puff-sleeved. Tory Burch’s Smocked Beach Dress is great for warm weather and can even double as a beach cover-up if you want to be cool and protected (just make sure you wear facial sunscreen). Hello, tassels! These tribal-inspired earrings are simply stunning and we can’t get enough of the bold-and-neutral mix. For fun, statement jewelry, you can’t beat this signature pair. We love a good textured mini bag! Snag Tory Burch’s Fleming Soft Boucle Small Convertible Shoulder Bag to add some texture to your easy-breezy summer outfits (perhaps a jumpsuit or cocktail dress) and to style in the winter for that marshmallow-fluffy look. If you’re looking for a signature pair of classic sneaks, Tory Burch has you comfortable and stylish with its staple Tory Sneaker. It’s an elevated bowling shoe, clad in the suede, the logo-embossed design and the neutral colorway. Leather meets moody florals with Tory Burch’s Ribbon Patchwork Mini Tote. Just shy of $300, it makes a great gift for anyone on your list — yourself included. Not to mention, the quilt-like pattern is giving us all the modern (yet vintage) vibes. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.