We know Selena Gomez is a triple threat when it comes to singing, acting and producing, but this new launch adds yet another hat to her growing collection — a chef’s hat. In the first ever celebrity partnership for the brand, Our Place has teamed up with Gomez, 29, in the spirit of a home-cooked meal, celebrating a shared love for cooking and connecting with your roots through food. To honor this, two new limited-edition colors will be added to the Always Pan and Perfect Pot collection, inspired by the “Selena + Chef” star’s hispanic culture and widely successful cosmetics company, Rare Beauty. “Selena dreamed up an exclusive color duo for her products: Azul, an electric blue that brings a playful pop to every kitchen, and Rosa, a lush berry pink inspired by bold lip shades and the juiciest fruit. These limited-edition colors have been applied to a range of Our Place signature products, from the do-it-all Always Pan and Perfect Pot to our beautiful dinnerware,” reads the press release. The bright blue Azul and berry Rosa also make an appearance in the Knife Trio ($145), Drinking Glasses ($50/ Set of 4), Main Plates ($50/ Set of 4) and Side Plates ($40/ Set of 4), should you choose to mix and match or curate a collection of the new shades. If you still can’t decide what to get, Selena has cooked up a solution. The new Dinner at Selena’s Bundle ($215) includes an Always Pan, Drinking Glasses and Main Plates, which should help you set the table for plenty of amazing meals to come. “This collection is a celebration of all the ways that we slow down and enjoy time in the kitchen: for those that cook perfectly or imperfectly, messily and joyously,” said Gomez in a press release. “I hope people are inspired to stay in and connect with their family and friends over a meal. For me, time in the kitchen and cooking have always been some of the most memorable, bonding moments.” The best part of this whole collection is the star’s commitment to charity and betterment of the youth who look up to her. During the sale of these limited edition colors and bundle, 10% of profits will go to Gomez’s Rare Impact Fund — a non-profit dedicated to expanding mental health services for young people. While waiting for your order to arrive, it is also a perfect time to check out Gomez in her hit HBO Max cooking show, “Selena + Chef,” in which she cooks with the pros like Jamie Oliver, Curtis Stone and more. Who knows, maybe you’ll even spot the new cookware behind the scenes. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.