A former NYCHA worker was sentenced Wednesday to 12 years behind bars for shooting his superior multiple times in a rage over getting written up on the job, prosecutors said. Frankie Corchado, 48, was a maintenance worker with a “nasty” reputation at the Fort Independence Houses in Knightbridge Heights when he kicked in Superintendent Charles Newton’s door on Jan. 6, 2020 and blasted him in the chest, leg, foot and abdomen. “The victim faced life-altering injuries after he was shot four times at his workplace for writing up the defendant for an infraction,” Bronx District Attorney Darcel Clark said in a statement. “The victim suffered from a collapsed lung and other serious injuries. The defendant is now facing consequences for this senseless shooting of a civil servant. Fortunately, the victim was able to survive.” Corchado was also slapped with five years of post-release supervision by Bronx Supreme Court Justice Ralph Fabrizio after he pleaded guilty to first-degree assault last month, the statement said. Residents had reported Corchado to NYCHA multiple times, leading to the two-year employee facing discipline on several occasions. He was cited for being “rude, nasty, disrespectful and belligerent,” tenant association President Barbara Lauray said at the time. Corchado, whose title was “supervisor of caretakers,” faced discipline again in a meeting with Newton and a manager on the morning of Jan. 6. He left after he was written up, then returned with a gun to kick in the super’s office door, prosecutors said. He shot Newton in the leg and chest and kept firing after Newton fell to the ground, hitting him in the leg and in the gut, according to the DA. “He attempted to shoot the victim at least two additional times during the attack, however the gun didn’t fire after the trigger was pulled,” the statement said. Corchado fled and evaded cops for several days before he gave himself up at the 50th Precinct in the Bronx on Jan. 15. Newton underwent several surgeries, suffered a collapsed lung, and had a rod inserted in his leg, prosecutors said.