A machete-wielding man sliced an NYPD officer in the hand Thursday during a struggle with cops in Coney Island that ended with the suspect being shot in the leg, police officials said. The 57-year-old man was holding the 16-inch weapon and a smaller blade when three cops began struggling with him on West 8th Street in the Brooklyn beach town around 1 p.m., police said. “It was this intense prolonged struggle that one of the officers was sliced on the hand,” Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell said during a brief press conference at the 60 Precinct station house. “Fortunately the officer, who was a six-year veteran of the department, is recovering in the hospital.” The suspect, who jumped out of a vehicle with the weapons after parking in the street, was shot in the leg and removed to a hospital with charges pending, cops said. The injured cop was taken to Coney Island Hospital. Sources said the injured officer — who was identified as Officer John Favale, one of the three brothers on the NYPD — shot the blade-welding man. The suspect had no prior run ins with cops, sources added. The officer was wheeled out of Coney Island Hospital later in the day to applause from a large group of fellow officers and dignitaries, including Mayor Eric Adams, who had just arrived back from a trip to Los Angeles. The suspect remains hospitalized. “I have to commend the actions of these brave officers,” the city’s top cop said. “I have watched these videos,” she said. “While we don’t yet know the motive behind this attack, we certainly know the actions of these officers exemplifies what it means to be a New York City police officer.” Police Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said the department could use the incident as part of its training. “If the department was putting together a script for a training video, they would use this,” he said. “Our police officers, when others were at their worst, were at their best.” “This is what New York City police officers do on a regular basis,” he said. “This is what many of our detractors and City Council and others should be talking about.”The suspect’s name wasn’t immediately released.