A small chunk of the Hamptons has hit the market. An enormous estate in Water Mill can now be yours, if your pockets are deep enough, for $72 million. “Brought to market for the first time ever, 71 Cobb Lane is one of the most unique properties in all of the Hamptons,” said Preston Kaye, co-founder of Hedgerow Exclusive Properties, which represents the listing. “Set on over 9 acres, this waterfront estate is located on its own private peninsula and has direct southern views of the ocean,” Kaye told The Post. “Rarely does a home of this size and scale exist on the water, let alone come to market in the Hamptons.” The main house, designed by architect Barnes Coy, measures more than 17,000 square feet — and includes 21 bedrooms, multiple kitchens, a tennis court, a waterside pool, a private dock into Mecox Bay and over 3,000 feet of private shoreline. There are 16 full baths and four half bathrooms spread over the existing dwelling’s two levels, which have been “meticulously maintained and continuously updated over the past two decades,” according to the listing. The multiple living areas all look out onto the bay and feature large windows with trim detailing. The eat-in kitchen has a 10-person breakfast area — and there’s also a formal dining room for eating and entertaining. The 21 bedrooms include 15 ensuite primary and guest bedrooms as well as multiple staff quarters — a studio, a two-bedroom apartment and a three-bedroom suite. In addition to the tennis court, the grounds also feature a tennis house, a basketball court, a saltwater gunite pool and spa — and a two-level pool house outfitted with a commercial kitchen, a gym, a sauna, an arcade and a poolside deck with dining area. A landscaped walkway leads to the water and private dock, and there is an attached garage with eight spaces. The home has never before been available for purchase on the open market, although last year it was part of an over 20-acre property off-market sale that represented the region’s biggest residential sale of 2021, Mansion Global reported. “The property was the crown jewel of a family compound that was created over a 20-year period,” Kaye told the publication. “The new buyer saw this as an opportunity to obtain both a waterfront and agricultural compound, with the intention to spin off the largest of the four parcels.”