The Bronx judge who cut loose an accused cop-shooting teen gangbanger is “agenda driven” — and part of the reason crime is spiraling out of control, a furious law enforcement source told The Post on Saturday. Camrin Williams, a 16-year-old drill rapper who goes by the stage name C Blu, was let off the hook in the gun and assault case, which the city Law Department said Friday “cannot be prosecuted.” Williams’ gun went off when he tussled with an Officer Kaseem Pennant in January outside a building in Belmont. The cop was hit on the leg and the teen in the groin. The case was dropped after Bronx Supreme Court Justice Naita Semaj — who has a history of cutting loose allegedly violent teens — earlier disputed the NYPD’s version of events and discredited an officer’s testimony about the arrest, which was captured on one of the cop’s body cameras. “The fact that an agenda-driven judge invented her own set of facts and her own interpretation of what is clear on that video is another sign that the criminal justice system in the Bronx is broken,” the law enforcement source complained. The NYPD decried the decision to drop the case against William, noting the death of 11-year-old Kyhara Tay, who was allegedly gunned down by a 15-year-old shooter. “The decision to dismiss the case is obviously concerning,” Deputy Commissioner John Miller told The Post. “In a borough where we were just reminded with the death of an 11-year-old that the most serious problem is kids shooting kids, dropping the charges against a gang kid arrested with his second gun in the shooting of a cop sends a bad message.” The officer stopped Williams, a known gang member who had posted photos with guns on social media, and who was on probation for a weapons possession case from May 2020. “When he approached the individual and asked him to stand still and take his hands out of his pockets, he takes his hands out of his pockets then puts them back in and keeps moving backwards. The judge’s interpretation of that video recording was that the suspect was complying. He was doing everything but complying,” the police source said. He said Williams was trying to get away with a loaded gun. Williams was arrested in the Bronx when he was just 14, for possession of a Tauris firearm, authorities said. Semaj had contended the bodycam footage showed Williams was relatively calm and cooperative throughout the encounter. Semaj, a former foster care agency caseworker who went on to law school, took the Supreme Court bench in January 2022 and has already stirred up controversy in several cases. In February she allowed two alleged teen criminals to go free pending trial. Semaj released Braulio Garcia, 17, who with another teen faces murder, manslaughter and other charges in connection with the New Year’s Day death of a good Samaritan, with supervision, and over the objections of prosecutors. In another case, Semaj walked back another jurist’s decision to set bail for a 17-year-old accused of attempt murder. The judge released Sharif Mitchell, who had been held on $30,000 to $60,000 bail, on his own recognizance, again going against prosecutors. In April, she dismissed a murder indictment against Steven Mendez, 17, who was accused of killing Saikou Koma, 21, last fall when he was on probation for another case. She ruled that detectives gave “problematic” and “improper” testimony during grand jury proceedings, outraging the victim’s family. “What is wrong with this judge?” Koma’s dad, Amar Bully Koma, said. “If this was the judge’s son, or his nephew or a relative, he would not let him go. The city, the mayor. If this was his kid, they would not let him go. “They do not care about us.” Mayor Eric Adams defended the officers after Semaj’s March ruling in William’s case. “The decision to dismiss the case is obviously concerning. In a borough where we were just reminded with the death of an 11-year-old that the most serious problem is kids shooting kids, dropping the charges against a gang kid arrested with his second gun in the shooting of a cop sends a bad message,” John Miller, the NYPD’s deputy commissioner of intelligence and counterterrorism, said Saturday. Additional reporting by Khristina Narizhnaya