A tattoo artist has taken the fascination with the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard trial to a new level — by honoring Depp’s lawyer with new ink. In a clip posted to TikTok Wednesday, Jazzmyn Wollfe, 27, showed off the self-done outline of attorney Camille Vasquez’s wavy hair and power suit, with the word “objection” underneath. But many of Wollfe’s 83,000 followers quickly asked one question: “Why?” “Symbolizes strength, confidence, speaking up and unapologetically seeking truth and justice,” Wollfe reasoned to one commenter. However, Wollfe further told The Post that she survived an abusive relationship and was “blown away” by Vasquez’s cross-examination of Depp’s ex-wife Heard. “What I saw was a strong woman holding her ground and doing everything in her power to bring justice to who she believes to be an abuse victim and shine light on a type of domestic violence society often seems to ignore or refute entirely,” Wollfe said of Vasquez, who offered closing remarks in the $50 million trial Friday, during which she suggested Heard — and not Depp — was the “abuser.” However, the Ontario resident made clear that her admiration for Vasquez does not necessarily mean she sides with one star over the other. “My admiration for her diligence and demeanor has no relation to my opinion about Amber or Johnny, or anyone else whose personal narrative I can’t speak on,” she said. While the artist told The Post that she has received some encouraging comments, the reasoning for her tattoo provided on TikTok wasn’t good enough for dozens of trolls. “Okay but why did you tattoo it without her eyes?” one user questioned on the app “I did it without making it a portrait of her face because it was more about the general statement/meaning of it,” Wollfe responded. “Plus she’s a gorgeous gorgeous girl with an absolutely badass energy so respectfully why not,” she clapped back at another hater. “Wow you are so going to regret it,” another user assumed, to which the creator replied, “I’ve been getting tattoos for 10 years and don’t regret a single one lol.. what it represents for me personally will always be relevant so.” However, the original TikTok caused so much uproar that Wollfe posted additional videos sharing some of the hateful messages she’s received. “I’ve seen absolutely vile comments from strangers telling me to ‘kill myself,’ that they ‘hope the tattoo gets infected,'” she told The Post. “That if they ever feel bad about their lives that they’ll remember I exist,” she added. “It’s presumptuous and quite frankly disturbing.”