When general manager Joe Schoen, not long after completing his first NFL draft for the Giants, said “The roster is never finished’’ he was looking into the immediate future. Before the seventh and final round ended Saturday night, the Giants were busy contacting and signing undrafted free agents. There is a rookie minicamp coming on May 13 and the Giants need plenty of bodies to work these practices. That means they needed a decent-sized group of undrafted players to augment their large 2022 draft class of 11 players. The last time the Giants added as many players in one draft was 2003, when among those in that 11-player class were Osi Umenyiora (second round), David Diehl (fifth round) and David Tyree (sixth round), three players who filled integral roles for two Super Bowl-winning teams. There also was first-round pick William Joseph, who was not part of those championship teams. There could be a roster spot up for grabs at tight end, even after the Giants selected Daniel Bellinger from San Diego State in the fourth round. Austin Allen, a 6-foot-8 tight end from Nebraska, was signed after he went undrafted. He caught 38 passes for 602 yards in 2021 and was named the Big Ten Conference Tight End of the Year. Jeremiah Hall from Oklahoma, another tight end who also plays a hybrid fullback role, will also attend the rookie camp. Another notable undrafted player for the Giants is Chris Hinton, a 305-pound defensive tackle from Michigan. His father, also named Chris, was a seven-time Pro Bowl offensive lineman. Here is a not-yet complete list of the players who will be signed as undrafted free agents or, in some cases, attend the upcoming rookie minicamp on a tryout basis: DT Chris Hinton (Michigan), LB Tomon Fox (North Carolina), S Yusuf Corker (Kentucky), RB Jashaun Corbin (Florida State), TE Austin Allen (Nebraska), DT Jabari Ellis (South Carolina), DT Tyrone Truesdell (Florida), TE Jeremiah Hall (Oklahoma), CB Darren Evans (LSU), G Josh Rivas (Kansas State), CB Zyon Gilbert (Florida Atlantic), S Trenton Thompson (San Diego State), DT Antonio Valentino (Florida).