New White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre once urged Democrats to skip a meeting of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, claiming it was “severely racist.” The bipartisan gathering has long been an uncontroversial part of American public life, but in recent years has become more divisive as Democrats have drifted away from America’s closest ally in the region over the unresolved Israel-Palestinian conflict. “When it comes down to it, AIPAC’s policies are not progressive policies. AIPAC’s values are not progressive values,” Jean-Pierre wrote in a Newsweek Op-Ed in 2019. “It’s time to call a spade a spade.” In the piece, she blasted the conference as “severely racist” saying it has “become known for trafficking in anti-Muslim and anti-Arab rhetoric while lifting up Islamophobic voices and attitudes.” “You cannot call yourself a progressive while continuing to associate yourself with an organization like AIPAC that has often been the antithesis of what it means to be progressive,” she added, while also taking a shot at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. She wrote the Newsweek piece while serving as a Senior Advisor and National Spokesperson to MoveOn, a Democratic advocacy group. Jean-Pierre has also worked as a lecturer at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs since 2014. Jean-Pierre, 44, grew up in Queens and began her career working for the Center for Community and Corporate Ethics, a nonprofit dedicated to examining the impact of large corporations on societies. She is a veteran of President Obama’s 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns. During the Trump years she frequently appeared on NBC and MSNBC as a political commentator. Jean-Pierre’s article dovetails with a Democratic drift away from Israel led by the Squad and other left wing lawmakers in Congress. In 2007 both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama attended the AIPAC conference. In March, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez blasted AIPAC for donating to Republican elected officials. “It’s more OK to dismantle US democracy than it is to question if US tax dollars should fund detention & abuse of Palestinian kids,” AOC said in a tweet. Jean-Pierre, who has faced conflict of interest concerns over her relationship with CNN reporter Suzanne Malveaux, was tapped this week as White House Press Secretary. She is the first black woman and the first openly gay person to step into the top communication job, and will replace Jen Psaki, whose last day is May 13. Psaki is reportedly in talks to join MSNBC. 