A shocking photo taken moments after a family from hell exited a KFC has left people outraged. The image shows piles of KFC containers and half-eaten meals scattered across three tables in a food court in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The table was so filthy that the surface was hardly visible under plastic and paper containers, soft drink bottles and bits of food. Piles of trash also fell on the floor with a puddle of soft drink left basically untouched. The infuriating image was shared by Xshpeare on a Reddit forum and has received thousands of views since Monday. According to Xshpeare, the dump was left before by a family of about eight to 10 people. “I was shocked when I saw how dirty they left it, it was so dirty that three workers had to clean it instead of the usual one,” he told Newsweek. “I even took a picture because I’ve never seen a mess that bad in a food court.” Littering is illegal in Saudi Arabia and punishable with fines of 500 Saudi Riyals ($105) for a first violation and double that for repeat offenders. But given this happened in a food court, the filthy offenders are likely to walk away without a problem. “Literally trashy,” one irate user wrote. “I feel bad for the poor workers who have to deal with entitled people like this every day,” said another. “It’s not that hard to throw your garbage away.” Another pointed to a bin nearby. “There’s a godd**n bin less than 10 feet away. The laziness of some people astounds me,” they said. Another scathing comment read: “At least they left a bun on the floor to help soak up the soda that they dumped.” In June, a video showed a Wild West-like 10-man brawl erupting in a KFC restaurant in the United Kingdom. Staff and customers brandishing chairs came to blows at the fast-food restaurant in South Yardley. Footage, taken by a stunned onlooker waiting for her dinner, shows several men throwing each other around while shouting and swearing. Another man stands by the door holding a chair before a woman grabs it and pulls him by the collar. Several men and the woman then shove one another while a staff member pleads with them to stop. A 30-year-old beautician told The Sun Online: “I have no idea what caused the heat or the anger, but the one girl accused one of the staff members of laughing at her. “Her boyfriend was very angry and that’s when he threw a punch and it just kicked off. It was crazy.” West Midlands Police confirmed that they were looking into the incident. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.