Memorial Day is here, and whether you plan to go on vacation or spend time relaxing on your couch, there’s a slew of TV specials to watch and movies to stream — some are themed to the military, and some are just new and fun. Here’s what to keep an eye out for. If you want to watch a war movie, it doesn’t get much better than this gritty Christopher Nolan modern classic. Depicting the Dunkirk evacuation of World War II from the sky, sea, and land, its star studded cast includes Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, and Harry Styles. Where to watch: HBO Max This is a new two-part docuseries about the life and presidency of Roosevelt, executive- produced by Leonardo DiCaprio and based on the  Doris Kearns Goodwin bestseller, “Leadership: In Turbulent Times.” Where to watch: History Channel (8 p.m. on May 30) The late comedian has a posthumous final stand-up special coming out. MacDonald, who died of leukemia in 2021 at age 61, reportedly self-taped this special all in one take alone in his living room during the summer of 2020. Where to watch: Netflix If you want some lighter and goofier viewing, check out this new movie starring Sandra Bullock as a romance novelist, Channing Tatum as her cover model and Daniel Radcliffe as a nefarious billionaire that they must escape – all while hunting for a lost ancient city from her books. Brad Pitt also has a small role. Where to watch: Paramount+ The 1998 Steven Spielberg movie is another modern classic, set during World War II and follows Captain John H. Miller (Tom Hanks) and his squad as their search for paratrooper private Ryan (Matt Damon), who’s missing in action and is the last surviving brother in his family. Where to Watch: AMC (3 p.m. on May 30) The latest bombastic Michael Bay action flick is newly available. Jake Gyllenhaal and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II star as two adoptive brothers who team up on a heist (to get money to cover medical bills) and end up on an adventure where they hijack an ambulance. Where to watch: Peacock Part of ABC’s “Soul of a Nation” series, this special is hosted by George Takei and celebrates the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities, and it will include segments featuring celebrities such as Margaret Cho, “Everything Everywhere All At Once” director Daniel Kwan, “Crazy Rich Asians” director Jon M. Chu, actors such as James Hong, and more. Where to watch: ABC (Friday at 8 p.m.), Hulu thereafter Since the long awaited sequel “Top Gun: Maverick” is in theaters now, with Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer reprising their roles, why not go back to where it all began? This 1986 movie follows naval aviator Pete “Maverick” Mitchell (Tom Cruise), who is given the chance to train at the US Air Forces’ Fighter Weapons School. Where to watch: Netflix