This mom experienced a “miracle” after devastating miscarriages. Cara Winhold, 30, suffered three devastating miscarriages but became pregnant with twins conceived just a week apart last March. Her “miracle” pregnancy is a rare phenomenon known as superfetation, when a new pregnancy occurs during an initial pregnancy and can happen days or weeks after the first one. “I said to the doctor, ‘What happened? He wasn’t there the first time. What’s going on?’ ” Winhold told South West News Service in disbelief. The former teacher called the double pregnancy a “miracle,” and believed she likely ovulated twice and released two eggs that were fertilized at different times, nearly a week apart, according to SWNS. Winhold and her husband, Blake, had their firstborn son Wyatt, now 3, back in 2018 and dreamed of expanding their family. But when Cara reportedly suffered three miscarriages — a baby girl in 2019 and another near-fatal one in 2020 — they lost hope, recounting the traumatic second miscarriage. “I called the doctor and told them what was happening and it didn’t seem normal . . . My husband was like, ‘You need to go to the hospital,’ and by the time I went in, my blood pressure was really low,” Cara recalled to SWNS, explaining she blacked out. Doctors told her the baby was stuck in her cervix. “I was bleeding out, and they said if I would have stayed home for maybe 30 more minutes, I would have died,” she said. She had to have two blood transfusions and sought out therapy after the frightening experience. “I was scared to get pregnant again. [But] I knew I wanted more kids,” Cara said. “I’m very optimistic, and I was like, ‘It’s going to happen,’ and I knew it was part of my journey and life to be a mom, and so I knew I didn’t want to give up but going to therapy made me learn how to heal and understand that it wasn’t my fault. It took a lot of time.” Winhold became pregnant in February 2021, then, in March, she and her partner received the good news that they were having not one, but two new little bundles of joy. Cara gave birth to Colson just after 4 a.m. on October 25, 2021, and to Cayden six minutes later. “I like to believe that it was my way of getting back the two babies that I lost,” Cara said. While the boy mom’s new babies, Colson and little brother Cayden, are technically twins, there’s a 4-pound weight difference, so they can’t share clothing. “I 100% believe it was a miracle just because of everything that happened in my pregnancy journey,” Cara told SWNS, adding that twins don’t run in her bloodline. “I’m blessed with a house of boys.”