Sixteen games fill out today’s MLB schedule, but a few are attracting meaningful betting attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified two sides and one total that trigger a majority of the signals. So, without further delay, let’s take a look. Cleveland claimed the first of a three-game set Monday, but bettors like the Royals to rebound after yesterday’s performance. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Royals moneyline, which opened at +120 but has since ticked down to between +105 and +112 depending on where you shop. Additionally, big money bettors are getting in on the Royals. As of this writing, Kansas City has seen only 31 percent of all moneyline wagers, but 77 percent of the total moneyline handle. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network have already bet the Royals, giving it three signals in its favor. Kansas City Royals Moneyline (+112) — FanDuel The Cardinals dominated the Padres in Monday’s opener, but bettors are looking to the total tonight. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on under 8.5 runs in St. Louis. As a result, books have either moved down to eight runs at +100 or have held steady and eight-and-a-half while adjusting the price to -120. Furthermore, big money bettors have come in on the under as well. As of this writing, the under has seen only 34 percent of all bets against 76 percent of the total handle. That qualifies as the largest percentage discrepancy amongst all 16 totals today. Lastly, one Action Network PRO system is triggered for this game — Contrarian Unders for Winning Teams. That system, which looks for a bets percentage under 35 percent in a game featuring two teams with at least a 51 percent win percentage, has a 55 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. Under 8 Runs (+100) — BetMGM  The Diamondbacks fleeced the Braves 6-2 in Monday’s opener and bettors like it as a home underdog again. We’ve tracked sharp money coming in on the D’Backs moneyline, which has moved from a consensus +145 opener down to between +130 and +140. Additionally, big money bets are showing in favor of Arizona as well. As of this writing, that side has seen only 32 percent of all bets against 55 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Diamondbacks tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. Arizona Diamondbacks Moneyline (+140) — Caesars Sportsbook 