CNN’s Chris Wallace has reportedly landed a new gig at the left-leaning network — weeks after the implosion of the company’s doomed streaming service CNN+ left the Fox News alum uncertain about his future. The veteran news anchor will host a primetime show as part of CNN’s Sunday night lineup beginning this fall, the network announced on Wednesday at Warner Bros. Discovery’s upfront presentation. Aside from its weekly spot in CNN’s primetime lineup, Wallace’s show will also air on the HBO Max streaming service. The interview-centric program will retain the same name — “Who’s Talking to Chris Wallace?” — that it used on CNN+ prior to its collapse. “’Who’s Talking?’ is a rare show built for streaming that gives newsmakers the opportunity to have candid conversations and an open dialogue about the issues of the day and whatever is on their minds,” Wallace said in a statement. “I’ve never had more fun developing a program and am looking forward to bringing it to both HBO Max and CNN audiences.” “Part of the CNN brand is respectful, authentic and impactful interviews and one of the best interviewers in the business is Chris Wallace,” CNN Worldwide CEO Chris Licht added in a statement. “Chris and his team developed an engaging and compelling program that we’re excited to bring to HBO Max and include in our CNN Sunday evening programming.” After a nearly two-decade stint at Fox News, Wallace signed with CNN in December to serve as one of the headlining stars of the network’s much-hyped streaming service. CNN+ debuted earlier this year to great internal fanfare, but ceased operations after roughly one month of programming following dismal results. Roughly 300 junior CNN+ staffers were laid off as part of cost-cutting measures. When asked about the situation during an event last month, Wallace said he was “going to be fine” but expressed a degree of uncertainty about his own future — stating that he was in “good shape, whether it’s at CNN or someplace else. “Frankly, what I’m mostly concerned about right now — and very — is my team and hundreds of other people,” Wallace said at the time. As The Post previously reported, some insiders felt CNN had “overspent on talent” on CNN+ — including Wallace’s $9 million-per-year deal. Meanwhile, Warner Bros. Discovery executives, including CEO David Zaslav, have indicated they plan to refocus CNN on straightforward journalism rather than opinion programming. The shift follows a series of scandals at CNN, including a legal battle with ousted ex-anchor Chris Cuomo and the abrupt exit of former CNN boss Jeff Zucker following his disclosure of a relationship with another top executive. “At a time where most news networks are advocacy networks, we at CNN intend to advocate for journalism first,” Zaslav said at an upfront presentation, according to Axios, which first reported on Wallace’s new role.