A love of the law runs in this family. Judge Judy has presented her granddaughter Sarah Rose with her Juris Doctor degree from New York Law School. The legendary TV lawyer — who graduated from the same school back in 1965 — appeared at the college’s commencement ceremony on Thursday, where Rose, 24, was among the graduates. In a photo shared exclusively with The Post, the 79-year-old legal eagle (real name Judith Sheindlin) is seen beaming as she posed alongside her granddaughter, who was dressed in her graduation gown. “I am so honored to share this moment with my grandmother,” Rose told The Post. “Following in her footsteps and continuing her legacy is my proudest achievement.” During Thursday’s ceremony, Sheindlin also received her second honorary degree from law school. She additionally served as the ceremony’s keynote speaker, taking to the stage to share her words of wisdom with the graduates. “The fact that she gave the commencement address to share her words of wisdom to the entire student body is the ultimate gift,” Rose enthusiastically stated. Rose is not only following her grandmother into the legal field — she has additionally embarked on a career in entertainment. Last year, the telegenic youngster scored a plum role on her grandmother’s new TV series, “Judy Justice.” The program is produced by Amazon Studios, with Rose serving as Sheindlin’s new law clerk. Rose, who is one of Sheindlin’s 13 grandchildren, has previously been profiled by The Post. The burgeoning star boasts a showbiz background, having previously interned at “The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.” She additionally holds a communications degree from the University of Southern California. Meanwhile, Sheindlin told The Post about the moment she knew her granddaughter would be “perfect” for her new show. “She is articulate, good-looking, youthful … what you want from a clerk on a [court] program. She was never frightened of the camera and she’s gotten more comfortable. She even disagreed with a decision I made and I said, ‘I can see your side of the equation,’ which is a big leap for me.” Rose has also waxed lyrical about her grandmother, having last year penned an open letter to the small-screen queen, which was published in Good Housekeeping magazine. “You saw qualities in me that I eventually discovered but might not have without your nurturing and constant direction,” Rose wrote. “You taught me that the way to build confidence is to be independent and do work in your life that is meaningful and impactful,” she further cooed. Judge Judy Sheindlin is the presiding judge on “Judy Justice,” which streams on Amazon Freevee. Sarah Rose is the law clerk.