He gave a Stern lecture. Radio icon Howard Stern is tearing into Tinseltown, claiming they’re treating Oscar slapper Will Smith differently compared to Dave Chappelle’s attacker. The 68-year-old shock jock criticized the supposed showbiz double standard during a Wednesday episode of “The Howard Stern Show.” “This guy jumped up on stage and attacked Dave Chappelle,” Stern fumed into the mic, Mediaite reported. “As soon as that happened, did they let him go back to his seat and laugh and sit next to his wife and then give them an award? No! They took him backstage, they broke his arms and hands so bad.” He added, “They f – – king beat the s – – t out of him.” Stern was referring to the viral incident in which Isaiah Lee, 23, tackled the “Half Baked” star while armed with a fake gun during the “Netflix Is a Joke” festival in Los Angeles’ Hollywood Bowl. The assailant was subsequently beaten to a pulp by security and arrested while A-list celebs including Chris Rock and Jamie Foxx tended to Chappelle. Lee has since been charged with felony assault with a deadly weapon. Needless to say, Stern found it hypocritical that the same standards didn’t apply to the 53-year-old “Ali” actor following his infamous Oscars slap at Rock. “Unlike the Academy Awards, Jamie Foxx came running out on stage and helped Dave Chappelle,” the entertainer ranted. “At the Academy Awards, everyone came over and consoled Will Smith — because it was live television and Hollywood didn’t know what to do about Will Smith.” Indeed, following the Smackademy Awards — in which the “Hancock” star slapped Rock for making a bald crack about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who suffers from alopecia — Smith was allowed to stay at the event and accept the Best Actor Oscar, for which he received a standing ovation. And, in a complete 180 from the Chappelle attack, Smith was comforted by celebs instead of his victim. Naturally, some might find it unsurprising that an Oscar-winning actor was treated differently than a non-celebrity. However, Stern maintained that Hollywood shouldn’t “treat Will Smith any different than they did the Chappelle attacker.” “The audience at the Oscars gave Will Smith a standing ovation after the attack, that’s the truth,” the radio personality vented. “It’s on film, it’s not fake news. They didn’t break Will’s hands, they shook them and it’s wrong.” In summary, Stern found the discrepancy in consequences indicative of “how f – – ked up Hollywood is.” “Some people in the audience at the Academy Awards still should be very ashamed of themselves. I hope they are,” he said. Of course, Smith’s deed didn’t go entirely unpunished: In April, the “I Am Legend” actor was slapped with a 10-year ban from the Academy Awards ceremony. As for Chappelle and Tuesday’s incident, he’s not shaken up. “The performances by Chappelle at the Hollywood Bowl were epic,” his rep, Carla Sims, told the Hollywood Reporter. “Dave Chappelle celebrated four nights of comedy and music, setting record-breaking sales for a comedian at the Hollywood Bowl. This run ties Chappelle with Monty Python for the most headlined shows by any comedian at the Hollywood Bowl, reaching 70K fans of diverse backgrounds during the first ‘Netflix Is A Joke: The Festival,’ and he refuses to allow last night’s incident to overshadow the magic of this historic moment.”