Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams said it was “really meaningful” to legally change his name. During an appearance on the “The Dan Le Batard Show with Stugotz” last week, Williams — who retired from the NFL in 2012 — explained that he changed his name to Errick Miron, to take the last name of his wife, Linnea. Williams went by Ricky throughout his illustrious NFL career, but his actual birth name is Errick. “I did it probably a year and a half ago, made it official,” the 45-year-old Williams said. “Something I’ve been thinking about and talking about, and I finally went through the steps. I went to the social security office with my marriage certificate, and I went through the process. It was quick and easy, and it felt meaningful. Really meaningful.” Williams was partly motivated to change his name in order to create more balance within his relationship with his wife. “I’ve found that that’s been really powerful in creating ease, intimacy and trust in my relationship,” Williams said, explaining that he took an astrology class with his wife, which helped him to learn more about their “dynamic” as a couple. Williams — a former Heisman Trophy winner and NFL rushing leader — said his wife is an attorney, but his All-Pro résumé and fame would sometimes create an “imbalance” within their friendship circles because “people would forget about her.” “One of the ideas that popped into my mind was I can take her last name,” Williams said. “I think it’s cool. It’s somewhere where we can both win.” The former first-round pick was also motivated to change his legal name because he said Williams “is not even really” his last name. “It’s one of those family secrets,” he said. “My grandma, obviously, back then you don’t say anything. And so Williams was her husband’s name, but wasn’t my dad’s father. So Williams is not even really my last name. And if you go back far enough, its idea of it is a slave name, so I think of what is even the purpose of a last name. And I find more meaning in this last name than Williams.” The former running back was a standout at the University of Texas before he was drafted by the Saints with the fifth overall pick in the 1999 NFL Draft. He went on to play 11 seasons in the NFL, mostly with the Dolphins, and spent his last year with the Ravens in 2011, rushing 108 times for 444 yards and two touchdowns. “To me, this makes the story of Ricky Williams more interesting,” he said.