UFC fans are spoiled this weekend with a whopping 15 fights on the card. The early prelims for UFC 274 begin at 6 p.m. ET, setting fight fans up for around six hours of action-packed mixed martial arts. Everything you need to know about this huge fight card is here, including how to watch UFC 274, predictions for the card and where to live stream it. If you are new to betting on the UFC, feel free to check out this how-to bet on the UFC guide before placing any wagers. Educate yourself before placing your bets! Watch here: UFC 274 ESPN+ PPV UFC 274 will take place in Phoenix at the Footprint Center. The main card is expected to start around 10 p.m. ET with the PPV card. The main event is Charles Oliveira vs. Justin Gaethje, which should kick off around midnight. Live stream UFC 274 PPV The main card of UFC 274 will stream live on ESPN+ PPV. Live streaming the UFC 274 PPV is easy. Follow this link to the streaming page. If you already have ESPN+ you may sign in to your account there and purchase the fight. There is also a bundle option where you can get ESPN+, Hulu, Disney+ and UFC 274 all for one cost. Preceding the UFC 274 main card are the early prelims which are expected to begin at 6 p.m. Live stream those fights on ESPN+. Following the early prelims will be the regular prelim card featuring four fights beginning around 8 p.m. Those fights will air live on ESPN the network and ESPN+. You may also watch those fights on your ESPN app if you have access with your cable provider. Live stream link here Bigaoy Ivanov vs. Marcos Rogério de LimaAndre Fialho vs. Cameron VanCampTracy Cortez vs. Melissa GattoKleydson Rodrigues vs. CJ VergaraAriane Carnelossi vs. Lupita Godinez Francisco Trinaldo vs. Danny RobertsMacy Chiasson vs. Norma Dumont Brandon Royval vs. Matthew Schnell Charles Oliveira vs. Justin Gaethje “Thug” Rose Namajunas vs. Carla EsparzaMichael Chandler vs. Tony FergusonMaurício “Shogun” Rua vs. Ovince Saint PreuxDonald “Cowboy” Cerrone vs. Joe LauzonRandy Brown vs. Kalinn “Khaos” Williams Provided by BetMGM Sportsbook Charles Oliviera (-165) vs. Gaethje (+135) Carla Esparza (-225) vs. Rose Namajunas (+185) Michael Chandler (-400) vs. Tony Ferguson (+300) Shogun Rua (+190) vs. Ovince St. Preux (-250) Donald Cerrone (-165) vs. Joe Lauzon (+140)  Saturday’s lightweight title fight should be extremely entertaining for its entire duration. Gaethje is going to be hunting for that knockout blow early and often, whereas Oliveira is likely the most dynamic submission grappler we have seen in UFC history. Gaethje to win by KO/TKO in Round 1 is a solid bet at +650. I’d also be interested in Oliveira to win by submission in rounds 1 or 2 +230. All are available on FanDuel. However, my official prediction for Charles Oliviera vs. Justin Gaethje is the under 2.5 rounds prop -148 on PointsBet Sportsbook. “Thug” Rose Namajunas has actually fought Esparza and lost in her UFC debut. This is sort of a revenge fight for Namajunas, who has become a significantly stronger striker recently. I’ll take Namajunas to win this one by KO/TKO. Rose Namajunas wins by KO/TKO in rounds 2,3, or 4 +750 (FanDuel Sportsbook) Two veteran fighters will go to battle when Michael Chandler takes on Tony Ferguson. Ferguson has taken a lot of damage in his career from his last fight against Beniel Dariush to his wars with Anthony Pettis and even Justin Gaethje. Chandler is a big favorite, showcased by the odds you see in the section above. This could be the fight that Ferguson finally crumbles and gets finished. However, his cardio is his best asset. I think Chandler actually plays this one slowly and this fight goes to a decision. Fight goes to decision +165 (Caesars Sportsbook)