Live from New York no more. Pete Davidson will leave the show that made him a star, “Saturday Night Live,” this week when Season 47 comes to a close, a source close to  told Variety on Friday. Kate McKinnon, Aidy Bryant and Kyle Mooney are also rumored to be departing, according to reports. Longtime cast members Kenan Thompson and Cecily Strong could also be up in the air. A representative for Davidson was not available when contacted by phone and did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment from The Post. Reps for NBC and “SNL” declined The Post’s request for comment. Despite rumors that Davidson is in Italy for the Kourtney Kardashian “Kravis” wedding with Travis Barker, insiders tell The Post he will definitely be on this week’s “SNL” episode to bid farewell. Davidson, 28, has seemed less showcased in recent months, as he’s been filming and lining up other projects. He has reportedly been filming a movie called “The Home” throughout the season, E! News reported. In March, it was revealed that his “SNL” boss, Lorne Michaels, will produce a new biographical comedy series for him, “Bupkis,” starring Edie Falco (“The Sopranos,” “Nurse Jackie”) as his real-life mom, Amy Waters. His last buzz-worthy “SNL” sketch was alongside now-girlfriend Kim Kardashian as Jasmine and Aladdin last fall. He also appeared in an April 2 pre-recorded rap video about “Short Ass Movies” to watch on Netflix. The streaming services even added a movie category with the same name to the platform after the sketch. “The King of Staten Island” joined the legendary comedy show in 2014 as a relatively unknown 20-year-old. He was one of the youngest people to ever join the cast. Davidson became the show’s “Resident Young Person,” who often appeared on “Weekend Update” to give his cheeky opinions on mental health, living with his mom and controversial celebs. However, just one year ago — nearly to the day — Davidson suggested he was “ready to hang up the jersey” on the show. “I’m surprised I made it to seven [seasons],” Davidson said during a roundtable while discussing castmate Kenan Thompson and his 18-year run on the sketch series. “I’m ready to hang up the jersey. Kenan’s, like, f–kin’ Karl Malone out there.” And during the Season 46 finale last year, he even seemed wistful in a “Weekend Update” segment. “I’m very grateful to be here, and it’s been an honor to grow up in front of you guys,” he said to the live audience. He became a pop culture sensation in 2018 when he began dating, and eventually got engaged to, pop superstar Ariana Grande. They never made it to the altar, but Davidson’s “BDE” has picked up some of Hollywood’s leading ladies ever since. This week’s season finale of “SNL” will be hosted by “Russian Doll” actress Natasha Lyonne with musical guest Japanese Breakfast.