The sister of a man who was shot dead in Brooklyn told The Post on Sunday that she was on the phone with the sibling when the fatal shots rang out. Pashona Davy, 31, said she heard the gunfire that mortally wounded her older brother, Donovan Davy, in East Flatbush while speaking to her brother on the phone early Sunday morning. “I heard gunshots — about three or four,” she told The Post of their last phone call. “After that, I didn’t hear anything. I was like, ‘Donovan, Donovan.’ I kept saying it, and he wasn’t responding.” Donovan, an employee at the Transportation Security Administration, was shot in the neck and right leg at the corner of 35th Street and Church Avenue at around 12:22 a.m. The 45-year-old was rushed to Kings County Hospital, where he was pronounced dead, police said. Pashona said she decided to call her brother when he was taking longer than expected to get to their mother’s house. But when she asked where he was, he seemed frantic. “He said, ‘I’m walking like a chicken without a head right now — I’m walking so super fast,'” she said. “I’m like, ‘Why are you doing that? Why aren’t you in a cab?'” Pashona didn’t get to hear his answer. Moments later, she heard the gunshots. “I started to get really scared,” she said. “I heard sirens so I ran outside.” She ran out of their mother’s place and found her brother two blocks away, laying on the ground and bleeding. “I ran up 35th and saw him shaking on the floor,” Pashona Davy said. She pleaded with the EMTs on the scene to help her brother. “I said, ‘Please, resuscitate him, do CPR.’ They said, ‘We’re gonna try our best,’” she told The Post. “I was trying to run to him and they pulled me away. I was hysterical.” Doctors were unable to save him. Pashona Davy said her brother was well-liked by many and avoided any confrontation. Their sister, Clova Davy, 40, said he was always there for people when they needed him. “He was the one that, if you had a problem you could call and talk to him and he would stay on the phone with you for hours and hours,” she told The Post. “If you were feeling upset, feeling down, he was the one who was always there for you. If you didn’t have any money, he was the one to help.” “He was very caring, loving — everything you could ask for in the brother,” she added. Clova Davy said she was shocked someone would want to kill him. “Donovan wouldn’t get shot … He’s not someone you’d want to shoot,” she said. “He doesn’t bother nobody. Even if you hit him, he wouldn’t hit you back.” Both women described their brother as a great brother, uncle and son. “He’s one of my best friends,” Pashona Davy said, speaking of her slain brother. “He’s one of my inspirations for who I am today. I could have been your basic stereotypical girl, but he’s such an educated man and he pushes me to have better and learn better.” She said her brother — who has no children — always helped out with her kids and all his nephews. Donovan Davy found his career calling working for TSA, where he had put in 17 years. “He [was] a hard worker,” Pashona Davy said. “He was in TSA 17 years. He [was] very passionate about what he [did].” Clova Davy said her brother was going to retire in a few years and move to Atlanta. “He was planning to retire after 20 years, buy a house and start a family,” she said. Through tears, she tried to reason why her brother was killed. “I don’t understand why somebody would want to do that to him,” Clova Davy said. “He just went to buy food.”