21-10 and seven games up in the division. Feeling good, Mets fans? Well, the team travels to Washington to take on the Nationals, who are the exact inverse of New York in terms of record (10-21). The Mets’ offense was mostly stifled on Tuesday against Nationals’ starting pitching Patrick Corbin. However, they broke through against a terrible Washington bullpen, which is par for the course for their team. Tonight’s probable pitchers are Aaron Sanchez for the Nationals and Tylor Megill for the Mets. Odds provided by Caesars Sportsbook Spread: NYM -1.5 (-115) vs. WAS +1.5 (-105) Moneyline: NYM (-180) vs. WAS (+160) Total: Over 8 (-120) | Under 8 (+100) The last time that Megill pitched for the Mets, he dominated through four innings but labored in fifth and was pulled after yielding three earned runs. The Mets went on to lose that game 9-2, their largest margin of defeat this season. The Nationals have lost five of their last six games, and this season is going to be a long one in Washington. Aaron Sanchez was a former top prospect for the Toronto Blue Jays, and is currently trying to figure out his issues with the Nationals. The results hit a low last week when he gave up six earned runs and walked two in four innings against the Rockies. Sanchez also gives up a lot of home runs on fly balls. He has not pitched the requisite amount of innings required to be on the list but if he had, he would have the 8th highest fly-ball-to-home-run ratio in the league in the league (15.4% FB/HR) per FanGraphs. Moreover, he is in the bottom 1% of the league in exit velocity allowed (95.5 MPH on average). He throws his sinker more than any other pitch (51.6%) and batters are hitting .357 against it. Fascinatingly, he has thrown his fastball 33 times and has not gotten any batter to swing and miss at it. All of that just screams, “Yikes!” (Those stats are courtesy of baseballsavant.)  Aaron Sanchez did not live up to the pedigree as a prospect. Barring some very odd variance and the Aaron Sanchez pitching significantly better, the Mets should be able to win this game rather easily. At -115 to win on the runline, back the Mets on Wednesday night. MLB bet Wednesday: Mets -1.5 -113 (BetRivers)