Three months ago, I quit my job for greener pastures, but now I’m having buyers remorse and I regret leaving the company. My old job hasn’t been filled yet by my previous employer, and I left on good terms. Do you think it’s bad form to reach out to my prior boss and ask about returning to the company? You aren’t alone. Recent surveys show that the Great Resignation is turning into the Great Regret, with many of the people who left their jobs last year for more money saying they are unhappy with their decision. Most also said they would leave their current job even if they have been there for only a few months for a better opportunity. Companies are throwing money around to attract talent, but it’s hard to get a sense of a new job, company and culture when it is done remotely. And money only buys so much job happiness, and for only a short time if everything else about the job makes you miserable. Call your boss. Tell them you want to come back. You have nothing to lose, and you may be pleasantly surprised. Is it worthwhile including written references when applying for a job, or should I just indicate that they are available upon request on the resume? I don’t know of any employer who is relieved to read on the resume that references are available upon request. As if that was ever in doubt? So don’t waste the line on the resume when it could be used for something more illuminating about you and your experience. As far as submitting written references, that process ended when applying to college my friend. Providing written references in a job setting is highly unusual and rarely helpful at any point in the job search process. Prospective employers will want to speak to references. The only exception may be if the reference is from someone famous who isn’t going to get on the phone with an employer. And even then, usually only for early career jobs. Gregory Giangrande has over 25 years of experience as a chief human resources executive. Hear Greg Weds. at 9:35 a.m. on iHeartRadio 710 WOR with Len Berman and Michael Riedel. E-mail: GoToGreg@NYPost.com. Follow: GoToGreg.com and on Twitter: @GregGiangrande