The Tuesday MLB slate features a whopping 16 games, with some attracting meaningful attention from experienced bettors. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified three totals — including the New York Yankees-Toronto Blue Jays — as (potentially) having a touch more value than the rest. Without further delay, here are the report’s recommendations for Tuesday. The Pirates shocked the Dodgers as +215 underdogs on Monday in a 5-1 victory, but bettors are looking to the total today. Although sharp action has come in on over 8.5 runs, all of the remaining four signals go in favor of the under. Big money bettors are supporting that side in spades as the under has seen 36 percent of all bets against 67 percent of the total handle at this writing. Plus, one Action Network PRO system — Weather: Wind Blowing In — triggers the under tonight in Pittsburgh. That system, which looks for closing totals between six and 11 in games that have average wind speeds between five and 35 mph, has a 55 percent historical win rate and seven percent return on investment. Further, the Action Network model projections give under bettors an edge. Based on our MLB power ratings, the total between these teams should be set at 7.51. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under tonight to round out the four signals going in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Under 8.5 Runs (-115) or Under 8 Runs (-102) Two potent offenses will hit the diamond Tuesday in the Bronx, but backers are looking to the under here. We’ve seen sharp action coming in on under 7.5 runs as well as support coming in from big money bettors. At this writing, the under has seen only 33 percent of all bets but 74 percent of the total handle. Plus, there’s one Action Network PRO system triggering the under tonight. The “Contrarian Unders for Winning Teams” system, which looks for an under percentage less than 35 percent in games between two teams that have at least a 51 percent winning percentage, has a 55 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. PRO Report Pick: Under 7.5 Runs (-115)  The Orioles and Cardinals begin a three-game series Tuesday and bettors are believing in the under. Although sharp action has come in on the over, three of the remaining four signals have gone in favor of the under. Big money bettors are getting behind this side overwhelmingly, as the under has received only six percent of all bets but 76 percent of the total handle. Plus, there’s another model projection edge in this game. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the total between these teams should be 6.91, giving under bettors a full run of value. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the under to round out the three signals going in that side’s favor. Pro Report Pick: Under 8 Runs (-108)