Tylor Megill was the kingpin of the Mets’ combined no-hitter last week and had the same mojo into the middle innings Wednesday. But instead of receiving bullpen support, the right-hander could only watch as an inferno erupted. Adam Ottavino allowed all three batters he faced to reach base in the sixth inning, in which the Braves scored seven runs without needing much thunder. The Mets’ string of series victories died at seven — a franchise record to begin a season — with a 9-2 loss at Citi Field that produced a split in the four-game series. The Mets (18-9) finished with four victories in seven games on the homestand. Ottavino, pitching for a third straight day, faced three batters and allowed a walk, a double and a single after the Braves had loaded the bases with one out in the sixth against Megill. Buck Showalter’s options were limited in that spot, a day after the Mets used Drew Smith and Seth Lugo in a doubleheader sweep. The manager’s length options behind Ottavino were Trevor Williams and Adonis Medina. “[Ottavino] had two real short outings and the ball has been coming out of his hand well,” Showalter said. “No margin for error there, the bases loaded, veteran guy that if we can get out of it one or two we might have a shot, but we weren’t able to do it. The tough thing is statistically it makes Tylor’s outing look a lot different than it actually was. “As the season progresses and you see these scheduled doubleheaders, you are actually able to maintain your bullpen a little bit more in a losing cause than you are in a winning cause. But we’ll take the two wins [Tuesday] against a very good team and move on to another very good team in Philly.” Adam Duvall’s two-run double, after Travis d’Arnaud walked against Ottavino to force in the game’s first run, tilted the game in Atlanta’s favor. Ottavino then threw a wild pitch that allowed another run before Dansby Swanson delivered an RBI single. Ronald Acuña Jr.’s single against Trevor Williams brought in the sixth run of the inning. The seventh run scored during a botched rundown of Acuña between first and second. Ottavino downplayed the effect of pitching a third straight day. In his previous two outings, he had thrown a combined 26 pitches. “I felt good and I like to pitch a lot,” Ottavino said. “I have good numbers pitching a third day in a row, so really it’s immaterial to me.” The Braves didn’t get their first hit against Megill until the fifth, giving the right-hander nine combined innings of a no-hitter, including his start against the Phillies last Friday. In that game, Megill pitched five hitless innings and Smith, Joely Rodriguez, Lugo and Edwin Diaz finished the job for the second no-hitter in franchise history. Duvall’s single in the fifth on Wednesday for the Braves’ first hit, after a Francisco Lindor fielding error, gave Atlanta its first rally, but Megill escaped. In the sixth, he allowed successive singles to Austin Riley, Marcell Ozuna and Ozzie Albies with one out. “Tylor gave us a good chance to win,” Showalter said. Megill lasted 5 ¹/₃ innings and allowed three earned runs on four hits with nine strikeouts and two walks. The strikeout total was a season high for Megill, who produced nine swings-and-misses with his four-seam fastball, which averaged 95 mph. “I threw well, obviously mixing all three pitches [fastball, slider and changeup] and throwing it for strikes and just attacking hitters,” Megill said. “For the most part it was just throwing all three pitches and getting them engaged to all three.” Guillermo Heredia’s two-run homer against Williams in the eighth accounted for the Braves’ final runs. In the top of the second, Heredia reached near the top of the right-field fence to steal an extra-base hit from Jeff McNeil leading off the inning. The Mets put two runners on base in the third, but neither Lindor nor Pete Alonso could deliver against Ian Anderson.