A Staten Island sex offender who threatened to kill Democrats, protesters and a Jewish senator from “Jew York” after the 2020 election, was sentenced to three years behind bars on a gun charge conviction Wednesday. Brian Maiorana made death threats on social media in the months leading up to and continuing after the Nov. 3, 2020 presidential election – including saying, “We blow up the FBI building for real,” prosecutors have alleged. Brooklyn federal Judge Frederic Block handed down the sentence after Maiorana pleaded guilty in April 2021 to one count in the case, being a felon in possession of a weapon. The 55-year-old level-1 sex offender was convicted in Pennsylvania in 2007 for sexually assaulting a 13-year-old when he was 38 – and as a felon is barred from having a firearm, according to prosecutors. The other two counts against Maiorana in the more recent case, including the transmission of threats to injury and a felon in possession of ammunition, were dismissed after his guilty plea. On Nov. 5, 2020, Maiorana allegedly wrote, “The carnage needs to come in the form of extermination of anyone that claims to be democrat … as well as their family members.” “As‌ ‌the‌ ‌Jew‌ ‌Senator‌ ‌from‌ ‌Jew‌ ‌York‌ ‌said‌ ‌‘nothing‌ ‌is‌ ‌off‌ ‌the‌ ‌table,’ ”‌ Maiorana allegedly ‌posted, on Nov. 8, 2020 in an apparent reference to Sen. Chuck ‌Schumer‌’s statement about expanding the US Supreme Court. ‌ “We‌ ‌blow‌ ‌up‌ ‌the‌ ‌FBI‌ ‌building‌ ‌for‌ ‌real.‌ ‌All‌ ‌the‌ ‌alphabet‌ ‌agencies‌ ‌assassination‌ ‌will‌ ‌become‌ ‌the‌ ‌new‌ ‌normal‌ ‌now…that‌ ‌the‌ ‌electoral‌ ‌process‌ ‌is‌ ‌finished,”‌ ‌he‌ ‌allegedly wrote in another post from Nov. 8. When the feds searched Maiorana’s home, they found a loaded semi-automatic pistol, gun parts for a .22 caliber firearm, a crossbow, a taser, an expandable baton and a skull mask, prosecutors alleged. “This office and our law enforcement partners are so grateful that we apprehended the defendant before he turned his violent social media rants into fatal actions, and that we are not once again grieving a mass shooting,” Brooklyn US Attorney Breon Peace said in a statement. Maiorana’s criminal defense attorney didn’t immediately return a request for comment.