ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Not much has slowed down the Yankees this season, including a recent string of injuries. And so far, the Rays have been no match for them. Yankees won their fourth straight game on Friday, beating Tampa Bay 2-0 at Tropicana Field. The victory gave the Yankees their biggest lead of the season in the AL East, 6 ½ games. And much as it has all season, the starting pitching led the way. Jameson Taillon followed Nestor Cortes’ Thursday-night masterpiece with one of his own, tossing eight scoreless innings. He made a pair of fourth-inning solo homers from Gleyber Torres and Matt Carpenter stand up. The Yankees rotation has the lowest ERA in the AL (2.78) — second only to the Dodgers in the majors. “I think it’s been the best group, to this point, in the league,’’ manager Aaron Boone said after his team improved to 33-13, tops in the majors. That leap to the top has come after an offseason in which there were questions about the depth of the starters behind Gerrit Cole. “I guess we could be proving some people wrong,” Taillon said. “We might be proving the Yankees right for believing in us.” The right-hander was perfect through the first four innings and allowed just two hits and no walks. Both he and Cortes pitched at least eight innings to ease the workload on a bullpen that has been hit with injuries. Taillon didn’t permit a baserunner until Randy Arozarena led off the bottom of the fifth with a single that got by Isiah Kiner-Falefa at shortstop and into left field. Arozarena was immediately thrown out by Kyle Higashioka while trying to steal second. Tampa Bay left-hander Jeffrey Springs, who entered having tossed 10 ¹/₃ shutout innings in his previous two starts, retired the first six Yankees he faced. As Taillon continued to roll through the first three innings, Torres gave the Yankees the lead with a 438-foot homer to left to lead off the fourth inning, his eighth of the season. Two batters later, Carpenter hit a long home run to right to make it 2-0. That came a day after Carpenter signed with the Yankees. The 36-year-old spent the first two months of the season with the Rangers’ Triple-A affiliate. Manuel Margot opened the bottom of the sixth with a double over the head of Miguel Andujar in left. After Vidal Brujan popped out, Torres likely saved a run with a diving catch of Mike Zunino’s liner up the middle for the second out. Taillon then fanned Kevin Kiermaier to end the threat. Ji-Man Choi led off the eighth inning with a long fly ball to right, but Joey Gallo made a nice catch at the wall. Clay Holmes came on to pitch the ninth and picked up his sixth save — and fourth in his last five appearances — with a scoreless ninth. He hasn’t given up a run in his past 24 innings. Afterward, Taillon was told of a quote by Tampa Bay infielder Taylor Walls, who said of the Yankees after Thursday’s game: “That team’s very beatable and we know we can beat them. We’re here. We’re going to be here all year. There’s [18] more games. We’re going to be here.” “We know they’re not gonna go anywhere, no matter how this series goes,’’ Taillon said. “They’re extremely tough.” Taillon noted “any team in the big leagues is beatable, but this one [the Yankees] is pretty tough to beat. Right now we’re missing [Josh] Donaldson, [Giancarlo] Stanton, [Aroldis Chapman] and [Jonathan Loaisiga. We’re missing a lot of pieces and still showing that no matter what we roll out there, we’re still gonna be competitive.”