The sister of the man gunned down in a random attack on the Q train on Sunday decried “random” violence plaguing the city and country outside her brother’s wake on Friday, mourning her brother as a “regular New Yorker” who “gave his life” for the safety of others. “My brother wasn’t afraid to live in New York City and this is how he died, so I believe in the city I believe that there will be change because of him,” Daniel Enriquez’s sister Griselda Vile told reporters on Friday, five days after Andrew Abdullah allegedly shot Enriquez in broad daylight as he was riding the train to brunch. “I don’t want him to be victim, victim, victim, victim. It’s Daniel Enriquez,” Vile said through tears. “And, on that day Daniel Enriquez gave his life for every person in that [subway car] and for every New Yorker.” Vile was among dozens of friends and family who paid respects to Enriquez. Enriquez, a researcher at Goldman Sachs who lived in Park Slope with his partner of 18 years, Adam Pollack, was the fourth subway homicide of 2022. Pollack, who on Monday told The Post that the slain man was taking the subway because he didn’t want to pay Uber’s prices anymore, was overwhelmed with grief Friday and did not speak with reporters. Vile said whether her brother preferred to take Uber was besides the point because taking the train to brunch is “a common thing that every does, every weekend, all year long.” “We know that it was random, we know that it was senseless and that’s the part that upset me because how many more senseless victims are there going to be?” she said. Maurice Johnson, a bartender at The Abbey, where Enriquez was a regular, said the 48-year-old made friends with every person who walked into the establishment. “It was his bar more than it was any customers, any owners, any bartenders. He was just there all the time. He loved that place. He loved everyone that went there, he was always buying people drinks,” Johnson said. “He was always smiling, he was very loud. He was just a good guy, a good uncle, a good brother. He was just a great guy.” “Danny was everything, not only for me but for my daughter, for my husband,” his cousin Rosa Vargas said. “Danny did not deserve to die the way he did. He did not. He did not.” Both Vargas and Vile said they hoped Enriquez’s death would spur politicians including Mayor Eric Adams to reduce gun violence. “I pray that all the people who’ve out poured their support, their love continue to fight to make change in the city and make change in this nation,” Vile told reporters.