The Tampa Bay Lightning put together an impressive effort in their Game 1 victory over the Florida Panthers on Tuesday night. The final score ended up 4-1 in favor of the Bolts, and although part of that can be chalked up to a terrific performance in goal from Andrei Vasilevskiy, it was a deserved win from the two-time defending champs. What were most concerning from a Panthers’ point of view was that the Lightning were able to bottle up Florida’s offense, which was something we saw during Round 1 when the Capitals gave the Cats fits by gumming up the neutral zone. Florida’s offense relies heavily on speed and creating scoring chances off the rush, but strong defensive teams can neutralize that pace by playing a well-structured game in between the blueliners. The Lightning’s odds to win the Stanley Cup skyrocketed to +550 after their shocking Game 1 victory. Odds provided by PointsBet Spread: TB +1.5 (-186) vs. FLA -1.5 (+155) Moneyline: TB (+145) vs. FLA (-176) Total: Over 6.5 (-115) | Under 6.5 (-105) As we know by the now, the Lightning are the best team in the NHL at adapting their playing style based on their opponents and they had no issue doing that in Game 1. Tampa Bay limited the Panthers to just 22 shots and eight high-danger scoring chances in 41 minutes of 5-on-5 play on Tuesday night. During the regular season, the Panthers average 37 shots on goal and 14.3 high-danger scoring chances per 60 minutes at 5-on-5, leading the NHL in both metrics. Of course, those numbers it is expected that those numbers would come down when you’re playing an elite team like Tampa Bay, but that they were cut down so drastically tells you that it was mission accomplished for the Lightning in the curtain-raiser. And this game wasn’t an outlier for the Panthers so far in these playoffs. Florida only created 9.5 high-danger scoring chances per game against the Capitals in Round 1 and struggled the entire series to get its offense going. Seven games is still a small sample and there’s plenty of time for the Cats to find their offensive mojo, but it’s pretty clear that they need to make some adjustments if they’re going to open up the game against the Lightning. That’s where the coaching matchup comes into play. While John Cooper is regarded as one of the NHL’s best coaches and he’s a master at making in-series adjustments, Andrew Brunette is a rookie coach who took over for Joel Quenneville in October. By the time Brunette was installed as the interim coach, the Panthers were already off and running. This is a whole different ballgame and he’s going up against one of the best.  The Panthers are not in a “must-win” spot on Thursday night, but falling behind, 2-0, in a series where they had home-ice advantage would be a small crisis. Oftentimes bookmakers bake a must-win tax into the odds and we may see that here. Nonetheless, the price on the Bolts remains well worth a play, especially with the way Vasilevskiy is trending in goal. Best bet: Tampa Bay Lightning +145 (PointsBet)