Picture this: You just bought a new couch. It’s the fancy kind with an L-shaped design and a chaise lounger. It’s the perfect natural beige that brings out the color in the walls. You pour yourself some wine, and as you go to sit down on your new couch, you spill it all over. Old you would freak out and run for paper towels but now have Mulberry, so you shrug, worry-free. That’s the beauty of Mulberry, the free accident protection browser extension that covers spills, drops, rips, cracks and more. You no longer need to stress over mishaps because they’re just a part of life, and Mulberry has you covered — for free. But what exactly is Mulberry and how does it work? Most importantly, how the heck is it free? We explain it all below. Mulberry is a Chrome browser extension that protects your online purchases on over five thousand sites. Some top-rated retailers where you can get MulberryCare plans include Amazon, Best Buy, Wayfair, The Home Depot, Target and more. With hundreds of thousands of protected customers that range from budget shoppers, active families and big-ticket buyers, Mulberry offers coverage on a variety of products. Some of the more notable protected product categories include electronics, furniture, jewelry, fitness equipment, bags and almost anything else you can purchase online. But why opt for Mulberry when many brands already offer manufacturer warranties? It comes down to Mulberry’s free 12-month coverage plan. And when we say free, we mean it, as there are no deductibles or hidden fees. Mulberry also sets itself apart with 24/7 customer support across email, live chat and phone. Their in-house support staff offer protected customers receipt-less claim filing, a robust customer dashboard and an extensive customer knowledge base. So you’re interested in Mulberry, but how does it work? The process is quite simple. Mulberry works in the background to discover free and affordable protection plans as you shop online. All you need to do is add the extension to your browser. To do so, visit GetMulberry.com and click “add to Chrome.” Then, pin the extension for easy access and go shopping just like you normally would. Keep an eye out for MulberryCare options, find one you like, select your plan, provide your email address and set up your free Mulberry account. You can get unlimited free plans, or purchase upgraded plans to extend your coverage for the lowest prices around. But the choice is up to you, because like we said, there are no deductibles or hidden fees. You know our take on Mulberry, but maybe you need to hear it from someone else too. If that’s the case, take it from real Mulberry protected customers. For more recommendations check out the New York Post Shopping section.