Master of horror Stephen King was blasted on social media this week over his support for new White House “disinformation czar” Nina Jankowicz – with one lawmaker calling it the “scariest” thing he’s ever written. “I stand with Nina Jankowicz,” King wrote in a Tuesday tweet that garnered severe pushback. “Scariest stuff you’ve ever written,” Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) posted in response. “Everyone should have a propagandist hero! Mine is Bernays,” joked Stedi founder and CEO Zack Kanter, referring to so-called “father of public relations” Edward Bernays. “The Stand with Nina Jankowicz. I love remakes,” tweeted Matthew Kolken, the former elected director of the American Immigration Lawyers Association’s Board of Governors – referring to King’s post-apocalyptic novel “The Stand.” “Author stands against free speech. But when a Republican becomes president, and it will happen again, then we will see where all of these liberals stand on the Disinformation Governance Board,” conservative author Carmine Sabia posted. “That is when they are going to see the mistake they made.” Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald, co-founder of The Intercept, also joined in on the criticism, calling Jankowicz “a despotic imbecile — a cartoon figure spouting non-stop lies”. “[B]ut even if she weren’t, even if she were phenomenal, what kind of person proudly stands with the head of a Disinformation Board inside the Department of Homeland Security?” he tweeted. Several other social media users cracked that it made sense that King would support Jankowicz due to his profession as a fiction writer, while others said they would never read one of his novels again. “Fiction peddlers stick together. #MinistryOfTruth #ampFW” conservative advocacy group FreedomWorks posted. Jankowicz is set to head up the Department of Homeland Security’s Disinformation Governance Board – which Republicans have compared to the Ministry of Truth in George Orwell’s dystopian novel “1984.” “The ability of Americans to engage in robust debate and conversation is the foundation of American politics, and there is no place for a de facto ministry of truth in our government,” a group of GOP lawmakers wrote to DHS earlier this month. “The very idea of a ministry of truth should be revolting to all Americans who hold our Bill of Rights in high regard.” Jankowicz has been heavily criticized for past statements she made regarding the notorious Hunter Biden laptop, which she described as Russian disinformation. The laptop’s contents – first reported on by The Post – have since been verified by the New York Times and Washington Post. DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has said he was not familiar with Jankwicz’s previous statements, though the Biden administration has defended her in recent weeks with the White House insisting she has “extensive qualifications” for the role.