One man’s beatdown is another man’s joke — that slaps. Chris Rock turned the shocking Dave Chappelle onstage attack into a dunk on Will Smith’s Oscars 2022 fiasco, joking that the unknown male assailant was the slap-happy actor. “Was that Will Smith?” 57-year-old Rock quipped onstage, while checking to see if his pal Chappelle, 48, was unharmed. The comedians were smiling and laughing while embracing after the frightening incident. Video of Rock’s one-liner made its way to TikTok, which was viewed nearly 40,000 times overnight. Several attendees also tweeted about the incident to corroborate. “Dave Chappelle got tackled to the ground on stage! Then a Chris Rock came out and said, ‘was it Will Smith!’ The wildest s – – t, I have ever seen,” one wrote. “Seeing Dave Chappelle get attacked by somebody from the audience then seeing the dude get jumped by Dave Chappelle and his crew gotta be the wildest live show i’ve ever seen. Chris Rock even came on stage, embraced Dave, grabbed the mic, and said ‘Will was that you?!’ ” added another. Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this as a web story: Of course, Rock was poking fun at the slap heard around the world at the 2022 Oscars, where Smith walked onto the stage and struck the comedian over a joke he had just made about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hairstyle. Pinkett Smith has alopecia. The tussle resulted in Smith leaving the academy, which banned him from all events for a decade as punishment. This isn’t the first time Rock has addressed “The Slap.” Days after the Oscars, the “Everybody Hates Chris” star said he was “still processing” it all. The “Chappelle’s Show” star was performing at the “Netflix Is a Joke” festival in Los Angeles’ Hollywood Bowl Tuesday when a spectator bum-rushed the stage and tackled the comedian to the ground, as seen in shocking footage. The assailant was subsequently removed from the venue by security, whereupon he was arrested. Officer Lizeth Lomeli, a spokesperson for the LAPD, confirmed to The Post that the suspect’s name is Isaiah Lee, 23, of Los Angeles. He has been booked for felony assault with a deadly weapon after being discharged from the local hospital. He was carrying a replica handgun that had a blade inside. Following the attack on Tuesday, Chappelle turned the incident into a joke, quipping “that was a trans man,” a dig at his ongoing feud with the LGBTQ community over a series of remarks and jokes that many deemed transphobic.