Amber Heard is not having a great month. The “Aquaman” actress — who’s been the butt of brutal jokes and death threats as the world watched her and ex-husband Johnny Depp wage war during their disturbing defamation trial — now appears set to seek solace in a home valued at $1 million in California’s Yucca Valley, near Joshua Tree National Park. Heard, 36, purchased the three-bedroom, three-bathroom desert oasis in 2019 for only $570,000 at the time under a private trust in the name of her accountant, according to property records seen by The Post. But it appears she didn’t actually move into the home, which was built in 2015, until earlier this year, Dirt reported. The home spans over 2,400 square feet and the property stretches over nearly six acres of desert land. “The chance to own a once in a lifetime property,” the original listing hyped. As Heard gears up to escape the red-hot spotlight of public scrutiny, she should prepare for some serious heat. Temperatures in the summer average 95 degrees in California’s Mojave Desert — but the home has been equipped with low-E aluminum windows to keep the place cool. An insider who claimed to be close to the situation has revealed to the Mirror that “Amber loves spending time in the desert. It’s the one place she can get away from everything. She’s really ­connected with the artistic ­community there, and feels she experiences a true getaway.” The source added, “Joshua Tree is full of cool hipsters and it’s just her scene. She can get away from it all and it’s a sanctuary.” Perhaps the most interesting feature of Heard’s property is a custom-built 110-feet-long bridge that leads to a mountainside gazebo. Other features include solid iron front doors, a surround stereo system wired throughout the home, and a 1,200-square-foot garage. The primary bathroom comes with dual closets, ground-stone dual sinks and a temperature control valve in the shower and tubs. Two hours outside of Los Angeles, the home is a five-minute drive to the Hawk’s Landing Golf Club. Heard secretly welcomed a baby girl, Oonagh Paige, via surrogate in July 2021. Her daughter was seen at the residence in one of her latest photos posted to Instagram amid Heard’s claims that she’s received violent threats urging her to “put my baby in the microwave.” Depp, 58, is suing Heard for $50 million for defamation over her 2018 Washington Post essay, in which she wrote about facing “our culture’s wrath” as a “public figure representing domestic abuse.” Heard filed a $100 million countersuit against Depp and has since claimed to be the target of a “misogynistic” smear campaign waged by his diehard  #JusticeForJohnny fans on social media. The “Rum Diary” co-stars were married for two years from 2015 to 2017. The jury in the bombshell defamation trial resumed deliberations Tuesday morning in Fairfax, Virginia, after a three-day break for Memorial Day weekend. Composed of a seven-person panel, they spent just two hours deliberating on Friday and this week will continue to weigh the evidence heard over the last six weeks. Meanwhile, Depp flew to England shortly after closing arguments wrapped on Friday. He was spotted on Sunday onstage at Sheffield City Hall in England where he joined his friend rocker Jeff Beck, 77, and performed covers of John Lennon’s “Isolation,” Marvin Gaye’s “What’s Going On” and Jimi Hendrix’s “Little Wing.” He received a standing ovation at the end.