It’s never too late to change. Transgender dancer Cassandra Cass has reunited with her father — more than 20 years after he hurtfully told her she would make an “ugly woman.” In a new episode of “Truly,” streaming online, the pair talk candidly about their fractured relationship, with Cass, 41, confronting her dad Jim, 75, about the pain she still carries from his cruel remarks. “My dad and I have an extra complicated relationship,” the entertainer explained. “The biggest challenge of being a trans woman starts with my family.” Cass — who was assigned a male gender at birth — was raised by her single dad in Des Moines, Iowa, and the pair shared a close relationship. But the starlet was left suicidal when she came out as trans at the age of 16 — only for Jim to disown her. “Do you remember at 16 when I came to you, and I told you that I wanted to live my life as a woman, you said, ‘You will be an ugly woman’?” Cass stated. Jim recalled not being happy about Cass’ announcement but claimed not to remember his exact words. “I don’t know if I said that or not. I don’t know about that one,” he replied. “That don’t sound like how I would conduct myself.” However, Cass insisted that Jim did make the heartless remark, leaving her feeling helpless and suicidal. “My father was a single father. I wanted him to like me and be proud of me and he basically told me that wasn’t going to happen,” the brave beauty explained. “So, at that point, I wanted to end what I thought was my suffering.” But the blonde instead headed west, leaving behind her father and eventually settling in Los Angeles. Cass has since built a lucrative career as a burlesque dancer and reality star, appearing in the series “Wild Things.” The vivacious entertainer is also a social media sensation and boasts more than 46,000 followers on Instagram. However, Cass’ estrangement from her father had started to weigh on her in recent years, and the pair have been trying to patch up their relationship. “[Your comments] come from growing up a Midwestern man, whose idea of most people who are like me were freaks,” Cass was heard explaining to Jim in the new “Truly” episode. “You spoke from that place because I was your child and you were afraid for me, I’m sure,” she added in a forgiving tone. And while the father and daughter still don’t always see eye-to-eye, they are working on becoming close once again, with Cass declaring: “What’s important for me now is family.” Jim even concedes that his views have evolved over the decades, telling “Truly” that “It took a long time to where get to where we are today.” Now, Cass is considering moving home to Iowa and joked that she wants her dad to help her find a man with whom she can settle down. “You could find me a nice farmer!” the dancer quipped, much to the amusement of her father — proving that the pair still have a natural rapport with one another even after the years of hurt between them.