Is there a glitch in the Twitter matrix? Rabble-rousing SpaceX boss Elon Musk claimed that something “very strange” was going down on his Twitter after his older tweets failed to load. The alleged bug was brought to light Tuesday morning by Tesla superfan Steven Mark Ryan.  “Hey @elonmusk, twitter is FKING you,” the sharp-eyed watchdog wrote. “Dear everyone, SCROLL down on @elonmusk’s tweets & replies and tell me….. DO THEY STOP LOADING????” Ryan even made a Patreon video detailing the alleged digital disappearing act, along with a Twitter poll, in which 80% of respondents claimed that Musk’s “tweets stop loading after a short scroll.” Twitter reps have yet to respond to The Post’s request for comment. Needless to say, the centibillionaire was flummoxed by the purported glitch. “Very strange indeed,” the 50-year-old Tesla boss tweeted in response to the social media Samaritan’s warning. Indeed, after perusing the car magnate’s Twitter, The Post confirmed at the time of writing that his feed does not display any replies that are older than 17 hours and the earlier tweets only showed up after adjusting the settings to display only public tweets. It’s unclear what caused Musk’s tweets to disappear into the virtual void, however, Ryan claimed that the incident was deliberate and indicative of Twitter’s lack of transparency. “Twitter FKs users without consent (there’s a word for that, isn’t there…?) and doesn’t tell anyone what they’ve done,” Ryan fumed in a subsequent tweet. “Users have NO RECOURSE and most never even KNOW they were — or are still BEING — FK’d. Not cool.” The Musk ally added in a follow-up post, “Hoping soon after this tweet thread is posted this ‘bug’ is fixed, but I’m not counting on it.” The controversy comes after Musk claimed that he will not go through with his $44 billion takeover of Twitter unless the social media platform offers definitive proof that less than 5% of its daily users are spam and bot accounts. Two weeks ago, the aerospace czar estimated that spambots comprised nearly 20% of Twitter’s 229 million users — a whopping four times more than the figure touted by the company.