If there’s a hot piece of tech or a major appliance on your wishlist, you’re in luck. Best Buy’s Memorial Day deals are, as the retailer’s name suggests, some of the very best. From deals on TVs and laptops to headphones and digital SLR cameras, you won’t be without a trusty new tech gadget. Alongside these popular picks, Best Buy also has major appliances (including refrigerators and washer machines), small kitchen appliances (like that KitchenAid Stand Mixer you’ve been eyeing) and smart home accessories (home security cameras) to keep your space modern and as convenient as ever. Some notable deals to highlight include saving an extra $100 on the De’Longhi La Specialista Prestigio Espresso Machine (now $800) and saving an extra $100 or $150 on select Maytag and Whirlpool laundry packages, among other top deals highlighted below. Ahead, find the best Memorial Day sales Best Buy has to offer. Be sure to check out Best Buy’s deal page for a full roster of all of their discounted items. Click to jump to specific deals: If you want the 411 on TV terms — like LCD, LED, 4K and more — check out our all-in-one expert-backed TV guide. Click here for all Best Buy TV sales. With a built-in Google Assistant, Hisense’s 43″ Android TV will soon become your built-in BFF that showers you with supreme convenience. Notably, it boasts a 1080-pixel high-definition LCD screen, a powerful LED backlight and a selection of more than 700K movies and shows in its streaming library. A 65″ TV for less than $600? Yes, please! We have our eyes on Hisense’s Smart Roku TV, clad with 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos for top-of-the-line display and audio and built-in Roku to stream your favorites on Prime Video, Disney+ and more. Meet your new, state-of-the-art home theater setup. Hisense’s larger-than-life screen (100″, to be exact) delivers “crisp visuals and vivid color,” per the brand’s site. Not to mention, it’s more than $1,000 off for Memorial Day and comes with everything you need for quality entertainment: the projection screen, an AC power cord, a remote control and more. Fresh and slim, Hisense’s 75″ Smart Android TV is enhanced by Quantum Dot technology, which raises the bar for picture quality. It’s also powered by Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos — adding to its rich, much-clamored-about design. For $400 off, it’s one of the best deals yet. If you’ve been prolonging your soundbar purchase — don’t. Now for Memorial Day, Hisense is slashing $70 off its popular 2.1-Channel Soundbar. It’s packaged with a wireless subwoofer, too, so you can have quality audio radiating from your movie or show. Click here for all Best Buy laptop sales. Light enough to take with you wherever you go, HP’s 11″ Touch-Screen Chromebook Tablet is a steal for $300 off. Its edge-to-edge touch-screen design and included wireless rechargeable pen are nice touches, too. Get your credit cards ready — a MacBook Pro is on sale. For $150 off, snag the 13.3″ Laptop, which has a gorgeous Retina display and free included Apple Music, Apple News+ and Apple TV+ (for up to six months; for new members only), it’s one of the best grabs. As one of the laptops we’re glossing over, the Microsoft Surface Pro 7+ 12.3″ Touch Screen is super modern and apt for any productive task. We love how it’s a laptop-tablet hybrid, and the keyboard and pen make it perfect for versatility. If you like to game, pick up Asus’ ROG Zephyrus 14″ Gaming Laptop. Impressively, the slate white device is $300 for Memorial Day, and its notable features include a Windows 10 operating system, an LED-backlit display and its virtual reality-ready hardware that’s compatible with Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and Windows Mixed Reality Ultra. For a state-of-the-art PC laptop, look no further than Dell’s XPS 15.6″ OLED Touch-Screen Laptop. For $300 off, enjoy its super-speedy 11th Generation Intel Core processor, a 1TB solid-state drive and built-in, high-quality stereo speakers. Click here for all Best Buy appliance sales. If it’s time for a new fridge, Best Buy is running one of the best deals on GE’s French-Door Refrigerator. From its fingerprint-resistant exterior to the internal water dispenser, we can’t believe it’s nearly $600 for Memorial Day, either. Make your laundry room match with LG’s Smart Front-Load Washer & Dryer combo for $700 off. AI technology can select the most optimal wash and dry settings, and we love its single tower design to bring that space-saving element to your home. For a kitchen appliance you likely use every day, a dishwasher is something to invest in. Save $100 on Samsung’s StormWash 24″ Dishwasher — the durable, flat-handled appliance that’ll clean your dishes quietly, has a fingerprint-resistant finish and a flexible third rack to load additional utensils and silverware. It’s just about time to get to grilling, and there’s no better grill on sale at Best Buy than Pit Boss’ 1150 Wood Pellet Grill. Clad with a grill cover (a bonus for those rainy days), the outdoor essential is one to add to your cart ASAP, especially for $200 off. LG’s 30″ Built-In Double Electric Convection Wall Oven has the most stunning brushed stainless steel we’ve ever seen — and it’s efficient. For $320 off, enjoy its Wi-Fi-connectivity, self-cleaning mode and ability to cook a variety of dishes simultaneously. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.