UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson will not face further fines over “partygate” after London’s Metropolitan Police concluded its investigation. The so-called “partygate” scandal refers to the 12 illegal social gatherings Johnson and his Conservative Party attended during lockdown when the same government put social distancing measures in place. “The Met has confirmed they are taking no further action” against the prime minister, who will not receive any more fines on top of the $60 fine he already paid, Johnson’s spokesperson, Max Blain said. A total of 126 fines were issued to 83 people for breaching lockdown rules on eight dates between May 2020 and April 2021, police said. In a statement on Thursday, the police force said it “will not be releasing or confirming the identity of anyone involved in this investigation or providing further details of our findings.” Police examined 510 images, surveillance footage, emails, building entry logs, diary entries, and witness statements. Officials probed 204 questionnaires from people who had attended events, police said. The ending of the investigation now gives way for results from a separate probe by a senior civil servant, Sue Gray, to be published. Gray’s findings are expected to have names of the top officials who breached lockdown rules — something police refuse to disclose. Gray’s findings are expected to be published next week. “Now that the Met Police’s investigation has concluded, Sue Gray’s findings will be updated, as we have said previously, published as soon as possible,” a Cabinet spokesperson told The Post. Those who were slapped with fines earlier this year include Johnson, his wife Carrie Johnson, as well as Chancellor Rishi Sunak. All three attended a party at Downing Street during lockdown in London in 2020. They’ve each paid a $60 fine for breaching lockdown rules after Scotland Yard launched its investigation into “partygate” in January. Johnson has repeatedly apologized but denied that he knowingly broke the rules. He continuously shrugged off calls to resign even after being issued a fine by cops. The Conservative Party did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Keir Starmer, leader of the opposition Labour Party, said Johnson’s breach of lockdown rules “reflects a culture.” “The prime minister sets the culture,” he added. Starmer became the unlikely subject of a “beergate” police investigation over claims he broke COVID-19 lockdown rules with staffers last year. Durham police re-launched its investigation after footage emerged of Starmer and staff having beers and takeout in April 2021 — at a time when millions of Brits were banned from mixing indoors. Starmer vowed to “do the decent thing and resign” if slapped with a fine by cops. Johnson scrapped all COVID-19 restrictions in England on Feb. 22, telling lawmakers the country was “moving from government restrictions to personal responsibility” as part of a plan for treating COVID-19 like other transmissible illnesses such as the flu. With Post wires