The man charged with killing a Queens tarot card reader allegedly made three confessions, prosecutors revealed Thursday night, as the suspect was held without bail at his arraignment. Giuseppe Canzani, 41, allegedly told an officer, a lieutenant and a detective that he “shot” 51-year-old Anna Torres in her Ozone Park home on Wednesday, according to prosecutors. Torres, the mother of an NYPD cop, was shot twice and died at the scene as two relatives were home at the time, authorities have said. “The defendant is charged with serious crimes here, the top charge being murder in the second degree. He shot the victim, then admitted to three different members of the NYPD that he shot the victim,” Assistant District Attorney Xhulia Derhemi told the court. “The case is strong. It has video surveillance evidence, witness testimony, and the defendant’s own statements,” said Derhemi. Police have said that Torres and Canzani knew each other “to some extent” and sources told The Post that Canzani was a disgruntled customer who thought Torres had cast a spell on him and cursed him. At Thursday night’s arraignment, prosecutors detailed some of Canzani’s alleged confessions and a bizarre claim. “I want to turn myself in. I’m not here to hurt you guys. I’m here because of the woman I shot,” Canzani told one officer after surrendering at the 106th Precinct, according to Derhemi. Canzani told a lieutenant: “That’s the woman I shot. They tried to kill me,” said Derhemi. And while speaking to a detective, the alleged killer said, “Anna told me the black chief of the NYPD wants to kill my wife. Anna is a witch,” the assistant district attorney said. Canzani’s defense lawyer, Kerry Katsorhis, asked for and was granted a mental evaluation for his client at the hearing. “He suffers from anxiety as well as depression. He does not have his medication,” Katsorhis said. “In my 50 years of practice, I say he’s a prime example of a person who should be examined psychiatrically,” the lawyer said. Canzani, wearing a New York Giants sweatshirt and two pairs of handcuffs to accommodate his size, did not address the court. Judge Denise Johnson ordered him remanded and scheduled a May 26 court date. Police said Canzani had no prior criminal record.