Dad gave mom a full-body makeover. Mindee Chidster, a 40-year-old mom of three, revealed her plastic surgeon husband gave her the “mommy makeover” of her dreams she’d wanted for years after having kids – to the tune of seven surgeries and $35,000, Jam Press reported. Chidster, who had a partial mastectomy several years ago, said she’s been “self-conscious” about her uneven breasts and sagging skin for years after giving birth to her now-13-year-old son and daughter, now 11. Her husband, Jerry Chidster — known online as “Dr. Chiddy” to his more than 500,000 followers on TikTok — was initially reluctant to operate on his wife, but she was adamant about getting the work done for years to look and feel her best. “Before surgery, I was self-conscious with my sagging and uneven breasts – I had a partial mastectomy about seven years ago – and my stomach had extra skin,” Mindee, who works as director of finance and operations at her husband’s practice, told JamPress. A “mommy makeover” typically comprises a breast lift, breast augmentation to add back volume lost after breastfeeding, a tummy tuck and skin or scar removal, and may also include liposuction. Jerry said he agreed to do the surgery to specifically focus on his wife’s excess skin, scarred fat tissue and sagging breasts. So Mindee went under the knife last June for a six-hour surgery involving seven procedures: A breast augmentation, breast lift, fat grafting (removing fat from her chin, back and stomach to her breasts,) a GalaFLEX 3DR, an “internal bra” involving a knitted surgical implant that supports breast tissue during a breast lift, a full tummy tuck, liposuction and skin tightening. Her results were better than she could have imagined, she said of emerging with her restored curves, a newly-taut tummy and a DD-cup. “I love the curves that he restored in my body,” Mindee said, post-op. “Growing up, I never felt secure enough to wear a bikini and now I’m 40 and own two. I feel so much more confident,” she said, according to Jam Press. The goal of the surgery, Dr. Chiddy said, was to help restore his wife’s confidence and her pre-baby body. “I love helping women look and feel their best after having kids,” he said, adding that he was nervous before operating on his wife. “For Mindee, it was something she couldn’t do for herself,” he said of removing the loose skin, scarred fat and sagging chest area. Dr. Chiddy, who reportedly started out as a hand surgeon in 2008 but went on to specialize in “mommy makeovers,” has a two-year waiting list for anyone seeking out his surgical expertise, the Sun reported. “She recovered well and is super happy with the results. I love seeing the confidence that this surgery has brought back to her. She worked hard before surgery to get to her goal weight, and she’s continued to work hard after surgery to maintain her surgical results.”  