Tesla CEO Elon Musk hit out at President Joe Biden on Monday, calling his administration ineffectual while comparing him to Will Ferrell’s character Ron Burgundy in “Anchorman.” Musk, who indicated he may pull out of his $44 billion takeover of Twitter, also said that if Biden doesn’t address the spiraling rate of inflation, the United States is at risk of ending up like Venezuela. “The real president is whoever controls the teleprompter,” Musk told a podcast on Monday during the All-In Summit. “The path to power is the path to the teleprompter.” He added: “I do feel like if somebody were to accidentally lean on the teleprompter, it’s going to be like ‘Anchorman.'” The plot of “Anchorman” revolves around the protagonist, Burgundy, a television news anchor who will read anything that is put on a teleprompter, even at the risk of destroying his career. Musk, who said he has repeatedly voted for Democrats, criticized the Biden administration for not getting things done. “This administration doesn’t seem to get a lot done,” Musk said. “The Trump administration, leaving Trump aside, there were a lot of people in the administration who were effective at getting things done.” Musk also said that the Democratic Party is “overly controlled by the unions and by the trial lawyers, particularly class-action lawyers.” He said that when Democrats act against “the interests of the people,” it is at the behest of unions and trial lawyers, while Republicans do so because of “corporate evil and religious zealotry.” Musk says Biden is being held captive by the unions — unlike Barack Obama, who was “quite reasonable,” according to the tech magnate. “In the case of Biden, he is simply too much captured by the unions, which was not the case with Obama,” Musk said. Musk also agreed with Amazon founder Jeff Bezos that the administration’s policies have led to out-of-control inflation. “I mean, the obvious reason for inflation is that the government printed a zillion amount of more money than it had, obviously,” Musk said. “So it’s like the government can’t just, you know, issue checks far in excess of revenue without there being inflation, you know, velocity of money held constant,” Musk said. “If the federal government writes checks, they never bounce. So that is effectively creation of more dollars. “And if there are more dollars created, then the increase in the goods and services across the economy, then you have inflation, again, velocity of money held constant.” Musk said “this is just very basic” and “not like, you know, super complicated.” “If the government could just issue massive amounts of money and deficits didn’t matter, then, well, why don’t we just make the deficit 100 times bigger? The answer is, you can’t because it will basically turn the dollar into something that is worthless,” he noted. “Various countries have tried this experiment multiple times,” Musk noted. “Have you seen Venezuela? Like the poor, poor people of Venezuela are, you know, have been just run roughshod by their government.” Last week, the federal government unveiled data showing that inflation surged a higher-than-expected 8.3% in April. The data indicated inflation ticked down slightly after hitting 8.5% in March — but not as much as economists had forecast, highlighting the tricky task ahead for the Fed as it aims to tamp down price increases without triggering a recession. On a monthly basis, the Consumer Price Index, a key inflation gauge that tracks what consumers pay for goods and services, rose 0.3% from March to April.