You might not think it at first, but how and what we eat is often determined by our personality. While food cravings might determine what we eat and when, it’s our core personality traits that dictate the foods we like and exactly how we eat them. For example, if you tend to eat slow, you like to be in control of situations and know how to appreciate life, Julia Hormes, Ph.D., a psychologist specialising in food behavior, told HuffPost. But fast eaters tend to be ambitious and impatient – does that sounds like you? Fast eaters are usually great multi-taskers too. They also make great partners because of their giving nature. Meanwhile, a love for trying new foods often highlights an adventurous side to you. While fussy eaters tend to exhibit anxiety and neuroticism. Eating speed aside, your food preferences say a lot about you too, from how you like your eggs or steak, to how to cook your toast. “We don’t often look deeply into what and how we eat. However, the way we prepare and eat our food can say a lot about who we are and our personalities,” expert psychologist, Lee Chambers told Fabulous “How we prepare our food is often a window into how we plan and build our lifestyle. “As for how our food is at the point of eating, it shines a light on the type of person we are, whether we play safe or like risk, competitive or relaxed, and even be symbolic of what you represent. “ How do you like your eggs is a question often thrown around, but the answer really says a lot about your as a person. Lee revealed that hard-boiled egg lovers are patient, resilient and prudent, but those who like their eggs soft are often reactive, imaginative, and energetic. It’s no secret that Brits love a scone, but what comes first – the jam or the cream – has long been a topic of debate. The good news is, there’s no right answer, but what you choose speaks to some key traits. Those who slather jam on first are thought to be dignified, courteous and charming. Which makes sense as the Queen prefers her jam before the cream, her former chef revealed. Those who go straight in with the cream however are adventurous, colourful and daring – a bold move if you ask us. Ever wondered how some people can enjoy their steak rare while others like it burnt to a crisp? The answer lies within, according to psychology, so what does it say about you? If you find your self saying ‘well-done please’ when ordering a steak out, you’re probably someone who takes things a little slower and conveys a considerate nature. But for lovers of rare or medium-rare meat, you might be described as described as extroverted, creative, and excitable and someone with high energy and passion in their pursuits. The question isn’t whether or not you like chocolate, rather where do you store it. Some like it cool and kept in the fridge while others keep it at room temperature. If the latter rings true for you, you’re considered to be dynamic, simple and collaborative. But if fridge-stored chocolate is where it’s at you’re spiring, cultured and far sighted. A side of chips is a given when ordering any meal out, but given the choice, would you opt for chunky or fries? Chunky lovers are thought to be hardworking, conservative and loyal, whereas fries fans are often curious, trendy and youthful. Which condiment you choose for your toast is often up for debate, but how you cook your toast really says a lot. Lightly toasted or extra dark, that is the question – so which do you prefer? For the golden brown types among us you’re considered a bit of a perfectionist, but you’re often practical and pretty popular too. But for the thrill-seekers who prefer a dark and crispy finish, well, you’re free-willed, self-sufficient and a bit of an adrenaline seeker. Speaking of toast, which peanut butter do you prefer? Is it soft and smooth or crunchy? For the romantics among us, you probably like yours smooth, which also means you’re peaceful and level-headed, according to Lee. The crunchy fans, however, are thought to be resourceful and thorough. You’re also considered warm. This research was commissioned by Chicago Town Pizza, the UK’s leading frozen pizza brand, who discovered some of the country’s most polarizing food choices. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.