Sing “Happy Birthday” three times. Floss daily. Make sure you brush your gums, too. We’ve heard it all but, sometimes, it isn’t as simple (though highly important). And, much to our luck, one of the best electric toothbrushes on the market can help carve out the work for you. In contrast to the manual toothbrushes you can pick up at your local dollar store, electric ones boast modern technology to help clean off debris and maintain that pearly white smile you all want and seek. “An electric toothbrush is more effective in removing food, debris and bacteria from your mouth, particularly between your teeth and at the gumline, compared to a manual toothbrush,” Sharon Huang, DDS, founder of NYC’s Les Belles — a female-led dentistry practice — told The Post. “Research has shown that brushing for two minutes with an electric toothbrush is equivalent to brushing for seven minutes manually.” Not to mention, people who use an electric toothbrush have better oral health compared to people who do not — meaning their gums and teeth are healthier overall, according to Dr. Huang. Ahead, our dentist expert shares the nine best electric toothbrushes to buy, along with sharing some commonly asked questions about electric toothbrush benefits and what to look for when buying one. Check out our teeth whitening review for an extra add-to-cart item. To skip through our Q&A and get to the shopping, click the below: Aside from brushing away to better oral health, electric toothbrushes have unique capabilities that render them better than manual ones. “Electric toothbrushes either rotate the bristles or use sonic energy to remove debris, plaque and bacteria so they are washed away,” Dr. Huang explains. “Electric toothbrushes can be much more gentle on teeth and gums compared to the force you’d need to use with a manual toothbrush to get the same results.” Plus, electric toothbrushes are also great for children who haven’t fully learned how to properly remove all food, or for anyone with mobility issues that would prevent them from brushing their teeth properly, per Dr. Huang. First things first — look for an electric toothbrush with a head that will comfortably fit inside your mouth. “Typically, smaller is better so that the toothbrush head can maneuver allaround your mouth and in the front, behind and on top of your teeth,” Dr. Huang notes. She also recommends looking for an electric toothbrush that has extra soft bristles. “The soft bristles in an electric toothbrush strike the right balance of being effective, yet gentle on your teeth and gums so as not to cause irritation,” Dr. Huang adds. “Abrasiveness brushes will strip enamel and cause gum recession.” It’s also great to look for a self-timer feature so you brush for the full two minutes that dentists recommend. The general rule of thumb is to replace your toothbrush head every 12 weeks, according to Dr. Huang. And, it’s best to replace your toothbrush head sooner if you’ve been sick or if you notice missing, frayed or loose bristles. This is a question likely everyone wants more clarity about (us included). Luckily, Dr. Huang provides her expert tips. “The best oral care routine consists of daily flossing, teeth brushing twice daily, removing bacteria from the tongue with a scraper daily and mouth rinsing daily — in this order,” she instructs. “The two most important items are daily flossing and twice-daily brushing.” And, if you want to add a mouthwash, too, Dr. Huang says to “go for it” (aside from visiting a dentist a least twice a year for a deep clean and/or if you’re experiencing any kind of pain or irritation in your mouth). It may sound like a silly question but, when your prized tooth scrubber lives on your bathroom counter, it can become easy to leave it at home when traveling — but you don’t have to. “Separate the toothbrush head from the toothbrush handle when you travel, and place both in a plastic bag (or a travel bag included with many electronic toothbrushes),” Dr. Huang said. “Pack the toothbrush and toothbrush head in your carry-on.” And, for a pro tip, she recommends fully charging your toothbrush before traveling as it should hold a charge anywhere from one week to one month, depending on the brand. This is an entry-level electric toothbrush if some of the other options are too pricey. “I like that it has a sensor to let you know if you’re brushing too hard and a timer that goes off every 30 seconds so you know when to move to a different section of your mouth,” Dr. Huang said. Plus, it also comes in white, blue and pink to make brushing your teeth something to look forward to even more. And, for a steal, Oral-B’s Genius X Electric Toothbrush is nearly 30% off. “This is my personal favorite,” Dr. Huang shares. “It’s the most gentle electric toothbrush I’ve used (and I’ve tried them all!).” Namely, she likes that the bristle is delicate and soft, which is essential. And, she still gets a great clean every time she uses this brush. Aside from white, this slim electric toothbrush also comes in black, pink and purple. For more of a value, opt to order it on Amazon for a box that comes with mint eucalyptus floss and whitening strips ($84.99). “This is certainly one of the more pricey options, but it has tons of great features like sensors that tell you if you’re using too much pressure, as well as the ability to sync your toothbrush up to your phone to see where you need to pay more attention to cleaning,” Dr. Huang notes. Not to mention, it has three brushing speeds, comes in multiple color options and has a two-year manufacturer’s warranty should anything go awry. Adored by Dr. Huang for being extremely quiet, Philips’ Sonicare 4100 Electric Toothbrush is a bargain buy. “This is a less expensive option from Phillips, with some of the features of the DiamondClean, like the two-minute timer,” she notes. Plus, it comes with a pressure sensor to protect your teeth and gums from excess brushing pressure, along with a two-week battery life and a two-year manufacturer’s warranty. If you’re looking to splurge on oral care, there’s no better electric toothbrush than Philips’ Sonicare Prestige 9900 Electric Toothbrush. Boasting the same brand Dr. Huang loves, it’s even more precise thanks to the SenseIQ technology that brings more motion to your teeth and gums, along with its angled bristles to remove more plaque. Looking to brush your teeth with an electric toothbrush boasting a sleek copper design (among other styles)? Well, quip’s model is as low as $30 and is an all-around great find. “The quip service is a good option for people who don’t want to have to remember to purchase new brush heads, since you’ll get new ones in the mail every few months,” Dr. Huang explains. “This is another compact option that is great for travel,” Dr. Huang said. “It has a USB power charger and adaptor, so it’s easy to take with you wherever you go.” Conveniently, Bruush also has an optional subscription plan, so you can receive automatic brush heads sent to you directly. The color options are unique, too. This white and green electric toothbrush just looks fresh, doesn’t it? Not only that, but its price is something to celebrate. “This is a great budget-friendly option that comes with five cleaning modes you can choose from when you brush, ranging from cleaning to get rid of stains to a sensitivity mode, which is gentler on the gum line,” Dr. Huang notes. Plus, you can order a trio of brush heads on Amazon whenever you run out of the two that are included. This Oral-B Electric Toothbrush is an excellent option for kids — an Amazon Choice product, too — because getting kids to brush their teeth can sometimes be a struggle (you can say that again). “It comes in a few character options, like Moana, which can help motivate,” Dr. Huang shares. “On the cleaning side, it comes with gentle brush heads and has a magic timer app to help kids brush for the recommended time.” Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.