BALTIMORE — Aroldis Chapman is lucky the Yankees are on a historically good run to start the season, since it’s overshadowing the start he’s had to the season. After allowing a run in Tuesday’s 5-4 win over the Orioles at Camden Yards, he’s now been scored upon in each of his last four outings. And even before that stretch, Chapman was putting up some alarming numbers and was occasionally saved by other members of the bullpen. To this point, the Yankees haven’t shown an inclination toward making a change at closer. Winning 20 of 23 amid a 27-9 start to the season, with a 5 ½-game lead in the AL East allows teams to be patient with certain weaknesses, which is why there is no panic regarding the lack of offense from behind the plate and why Aaron Hicks is being given time to find his swing, since his power has vanished. Back to Chapman, who still hasn’t blown a save this season, but has allowed more baserunners than any other member of the Yankees’ pen, with a WHIP of 1.463 entering Wednesday. That’s nearly twice as many baserunners as Clay Holmes — who was warming in the ninth inning on Tuesday — has allowed (0.764 WHIP). Holmes could find himself in more closing situations soon. Among Chapman’s problem is his average velocity on his four-seam fastball is 96.8 mph, down one mph since just last season. It used to routinely hit triple-digits. That, coupled with the added velocity from pitchers throughout the game, has taken away what made Chapman unique. As the White Sox’s Tim Anderson said Saturday, when he singled during a game-winning rally against Chapman in the bottom of the ninth, the lefty’s stuff is not that special anymore. “Nowadays, everybody’s throwing 99 mph,” Anderson said. “So it’s kind of regular.” So are Chapman’s results, which have become pretty pedestrian. Hitters are reaching base against Chapman more than ever before. After opposing batters had a .320 on-base percentage when facing him in 2021 — by far his worst season in that category — it’s increased to .323 this season. And perhaps most glaring of all is the lack of strikeouts. Once Chapman’s specialty, he’s whiffing just 24.2 percent of the hitters he’s faced. His previous low was 32.9 percent in 2017 and his career mark is 40.7 percent. Before his latest slip-up, pitching coach Matt Blake attempted to diagnose Chapman’s problems. He called them part of the “ebbs and flows” of a season, but then broke down a bit of what’s been wrong with Chapman’s approach during poor performances. “If things go wrong, he typically can’t find his fastball right away, whether it’s 94 [mph] or 101,” Blake said. “Then his delivery might go a little bit and he’ll start throwing his slider and he becomes predictable.” That’s because once hitters know Chapman doesn’t have confidence in his fastball, he’ll look to throw strikes with the slider. “Guys are ready for it,” Blake said. The key, Blake said, is for Chapman to “throw the fastball at full-speed, whatever it is that day, over the plate and be able to repeat it. It’s not always gonna be 100 [mph]. If it’s 94, 96, 97, we can live with that. It’s when he spikes one and then backs down and can’t find it that he gets in trouble. The biggest thing is for him to work off his fastball… We tell him, ‘You have a 100 mph fastball. Throw it.’” Unfortunately for the Yankees, that’s not always the case anymore.