New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York.  The Milwaukee Bucks will host the Boston Celtics at Fiserv Forum on Friday night in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals in the 2022 NBA Playoffs. The Bucks are leading the series 3-2. The Bucks mounted an impressive comeback to get past the Celtics in Game 5 despite playing on the road and once again are in control of the series. Also leading 3-2 in their series are Golden State Warriors, who take on Memphis Grizzlies in Game 6. Despite missing Ja Morant in Game five, the Grizzlies forced a Game 6, and will need to pull out all the stops in order to force a Game 7. The FA Cup final is the pinnacle of the soccer world this weekend as Liverpool take on Chelsea at Wembley. Thomas Tuchel’s side ran out 3-0 winners over Leeds United on Wednesday night, with the Reds also winning away from home against Aston Villa. This is Chelsea’s third FA Cup final in as many years, but the Blues have lost both of their previous. Elsewhere in the soccer world, Manchester City travel to West Ham on Sunday, which would all but seal the Premier League title. Leeds host Brighton and Burnley travel to Tottenham, with the race to beat the drop really heating up. The Mets (22-11) begin a three game series against the Mariners Friday, still topping the AL East. New York Yankees face Chicago White Sox twice over the weekend, having put 15 runs past them on Thursday night.  21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Fan of SGP’s? Then you’ll love this promo. Place at least $25 on an NBA Same Game parlay between 5/2 and 5/15, and you’ll receive a $10 free bet. What’s more, you can claim a $10 free bet every day until Sunday 15th, when you place a $25 SGP. 21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.