Everywhere you look, everywhere you go, there’s a face of somebody who needs you … and wants to call you their home. Fans of the iconic sitcom “Full House,” which famously starred Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen — as well as the late comedian Bob Saget, who passed away unexpectedly in January at age 65 — can now own part of the show’s history. A San Francisco house that’s one of the city’s rarely available Queen Anne- and Victorian-style “Painted Ladies” — a row of seven properties that appeared on television screens in the show’s intro sequence — has listed for $3.55 million, its listing brokerage told The Post. The property snoops at the Wall Street Journal first reported the news, adding that the seller — Leah Culver, a senior software engineer at Twitter — is looking to break even. She purchased the Queen Anne house, formerly dressed with a pink exterior, for $3.55 million in January 2020. Culver lives nearby and bought the 1890s spread, which was in a state of disrepair after the same family had owned it for some six decades, with hopes of a renovation. Two months after her January 2020 purchase came the stateside outbreak of COVID-19 — and the pandemic reportedly caused delays in securing permits for the work, which the Journal has not yet started. However, Culver told the Journal that she has the permits needed from the planning department, and anticipates to receive the same from the building department this summer. Simply put: She’s selling because she no longer has the time required to see the renovation through. In a message to The Post, the brokerage added that the sale includes approved permits from David Armour Architecture to restore the two-unit structure, at 714 Steiner St., to “its former glory.” That includes the creation of a large upper unit with five bedrooms, three full bathrooms and a powder room that’s roughly 3,000 square feet in size with a three-level floorplate. The lower level will have a two-bedroom, one-bathroom unit that’s 845 square feet with its own entrance and laundry — and could be used as a guest suite or income-producing property. (The home was split into two units in 1960.) “I really want to find a buyer who cares about San Francisco, and this property and the location,” Culver, who has an Instagram account for the home, @pinkpaintedlady, which boasts 19,500 followers, told the Journal. Living in the city by the bay has traditionally come with a heavy cost, and now is no different. The Journal notes that the market has low supply and high demand. And in the first quarter of 2022, median sales climbed to $1.87 million — a 21% increase from the $1.55 million tallied during the same period a year earlier. For those who can pay the price, the home delivers a nice dose of history. All seven homes, otherwise known as the “Seven Sisters,” were built by a man named Matthew Kavanagh between 1892 and 1895. Born in Ireland, Kavanagh immigrated to America in 1869, and began with his own home, at 722 Steiner St., then completed the others. This listed home, at No. 714, was completed in 1895. Features inside No. 714 include views of Alamo Square’s hills from oversize bay windows on all three levels. The kitchen, at the rear of the home, looks to the dome of City Hall, while the second and third floors look to San Francisco’s downtown skyline. The listing images indeed show a home in a state of disrepair — but look past them to see a spindled staircase, hardwood floors, wood-framed windows, moldings, high ceilings and the change to have a large kitchen. Nina Hatvany, of Compass, reps the listing.