Mika Zibanejad gave a small shrug of his shoulder, then grinned. The Rangers center had just been asked about his production in Games 6 and 7 against the Penguins, in which he combined for seven points including the game-tying goal late in the series-deciding contest. “The pucks went in,” he said after the 4-3 win over the Penguins. “I don’t know. “I didn’t feel like I did anything differently in terms of shooting the puck. You play with the players I play with, the chances are gonna come. Just gotta make sure you keep shooting.” Of course, it is not that simple — not when Sidney Crosby’s line was such a factor in the series. But as the Rangers head into the second round against the Hurricanes, their winning equation is relatively easy. They will go as far as their stars can take them. That would be Zibanejad, Chris Kreider, Artemi Panarin and Igor Shesterkin. Those three forwards were the Rangers’ top three point scorers during the regular season, and Shesterkin will likely be the runaway Vezina Trophy winner. In the first four games against the Penguins, those three forwards combined for just four goals, with Zibanejad a nonfactor. Shesterkin was chased from Games 3 and 4, looking like a shell of himself. In the last three games against the Penguins, those three forwards combined for seven goals, including the series-winner from Panarin, the Game 6 winner from Kreider and three goals from Zibanejad. Shesterkin’s save percentage was back up to .919, more closely resembling his regular-season self. “He’s Mr. Reliable back there,” Jacob Trouba said Sunday night of Shesterkin, a far cry from earlier in the series, when Rangers coach Gerard Gallant had to make clear that he would indeed be sticking with the same starter in nets. “Everybody knows he’s gonna show up in big games and play well. Make saves he’s probably not supposed to make and he’s a big part of us winning that game.” Sometimes, it is indeed quite simple. “You know what, sometimes you get tied up about your opponents and playing against the best player in the world,” Gallant said Monday. “You don’t play your game. And I think when Mika starts to play his game, he was outstanding. And that’s what we want him to do.” The same goes for Kreider. The same goes for everyone. “It’s a mindset with some of our guys on the team at times,” Gallant said. “When they look like they’re having a tough game, they’re trying to probably play a little bit more defense. We talk about being the better defensive team and sometimes you get away from your own game. “That’s what hurts you sometimes. Kreids, he’s got 56, 57 goals, whatever he’s scored this year for us. He’s an important player. We want him to play our game.” Yes, he’d like to see Panarin shoot the puck more, especially after No. 10 provided the winner on Sunday. But there are no worries about whether he can impact the game. “I don’t have to sit here and go through his stats,” Zibanejad said. “I think everyone knows the kind of player he is.” If they didn’t, then Sunday was quite the reminder. Panarin, and the rest of the Rangers’ stars, can make this spring one to remember. To hear Gallant tell it, they just need to be themselves — and the messaging has trickled down. “We focused a little bit too much on [Crosby] and on that line, kinda let them dictate,” Zibanejad said. “The message was to just go out and play. I thought we did a better job focusing on ourselves.” Things will not get easier against the Hurricanes, who can dictate play with a hard forecheck and straight-line hockey. But the Rangers are coming into this series with the wind at their backs. “We know what Carolina’s gonna bring, we know what Pittsburgh’s gonna bring,” Gallant said. “You still gotta play your game. These are important players for us.”