AOC is ranting that “not progressive” Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer should go. When Queens won that Amazon center, she fought to refuse its billions and 25,000 jobs. It might be why her center part is empty. She tried to kick military recruiters out of inner-city schools raging they “targeted” minorities. She’s the only Congresscreature against restoring deductions that could benefit the wealthy who’ve since fled taking with them millions in taxes. Her own congressional district was underwater during recent weather events — with 20 deaths attributed to flash floods. This center part voted against the repairs. OK? And our nobody ex-mayor DeBurpio? He tried for president. Forget it. Tried for governor. Now congressman. Next alderman. Forget it. He and his mathematically enhanced wife try anything which might exclude actual working. Another forget it. Meanwhile, doing tea and crumpets at a place in Park Slope, he wanted extra napkins. Also votes. Now. What’s posing today as our mayor? Besides bracelets, earring, collar studs, clown party suit and late-night saloons — what’s Eric Adams actually done? He visits Chicago, Florida and Hollywood to party with that great metropolitan savior Paris Hilton who is such a monument for New York? And why’s this zero official do that? “To help New York,” he says. So to help New York, let him leave bars, parties, wrung-out celebrities. Let him hit Bed-Stuy, Harlem, The Bronx, the homeless, the starving, the dying, the aging, the traffic, the roaches, the mice, the crime — BEFORE he postures on TV to throw up mouthfuls of nothing. Why? Because he only knew how to get elected — NOT how to govern. He has no idea. Like Brooklyn’s previous zero before him — it was just get elected. Live off the dole. Get everything free. It sure beats working. His history points to little that’s heroic/fabulous/daring/innovative. He got elected on promises. And he’s plotting to be president? His face someday on the dollar? Really? Better up the buffalo. Sylvester Stallone. Black tight T-shirt, big gold chain. A flash of in-the-flesh “Rocky.” Walking. Alone. Midday — Fifth and 55th. Face in a scowl . . . Also, 11:30 a.m. masked Alvin Bragg — or his stunning twin — lumbered for a second breakfast into Bubby’s in Tribeca. Light on clues, he hunted his co-eaters outside, alongside, inside, finally finding him/her/them as his body man checked everyone’s comings, goings and bathroom breaks . . . Melissa De-Rosa, ex-Gov. Cuomo’s ex-top dog, is reported as shopping a book. She now barks she isn’t . . . Maye Musk, Elon’s stunning, blond, slim model, mama off to Miami for her Sports Illustrated cover . . . Shmatta auctions being offered to fund-raise for Broadway. A few quid can grab you Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Met Gala outfit . . . Wonder Woman Lynda Carter’s daughter, Jessica Carter Altman, did “Lucky One,” her first original solo and video, in memory of her dad, Robert Altman. Now, about Manhattan’s skyscraper skyscrapers. Its average executive will jog 10 minutes for exercise then ride the elevator up to the second floor. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.