Expect to see more of controversial supermodel Cara Delevingne in Gramercy Park. The glam British model and “Suicide Squad” star is in contract to buy comedian/late night TV host Jimmy Fallon’s four-unit triplex combo spread at 34 Gramercy Park East, Gimme Shelter has learned exclusively. And yes, the whimsical pad comes with keys to private Gramercy Park. Former residents of the historic, landmarked nine-story redbrick and terra-cotta Queen Anne style building, which dates to 1883, include actor James Cagney and Margaret Hamilton, who played the Wicked Witch of the West in “The Wizard of Oz.” The massive digs — nearly 5,000 square feet over three floors, joined by a custom staircase and secret passageways — first hit the market for $15 million last March. It’s in contract for a few million less, sources say, of the off-market deal. Delevingne, a Knicks fan who attended a game with Selena Gomez, was in the news for taking photos with and even photobombing shots with Megan Thee Stallion before the Billboard Music Awards’ red-carpet ceremony last Sunday. The Grammy-winning “Captain Hook” rapper even edited Delevingne out of a photo she posted from the awards ceremony, while a playful photo of Delevingne hamming it up with the “Savage” performer’s Thierry Mugler designer dress on the red carpet went viral. The six-bedroom, five-bath apartment began as a single one-bedroom bachelor pad that “SNL” alum Fallon, 47, bought for $850,000 in 2002. The home blossomed along with Fallon, who is now married to movie producer Nancy Juvonen, 54. The triplex opens with a seventh-floor foyer that leads to the first floor’s living room, eat-in chef’s kitchen overlooking Gramercy Park and a walk-in pantry, as well as two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a home office. There’s also a children’s playroom with monkey bars for daughters Frances Cole, 7, and Winnie Rose, 8. There’s even an eighth-floor saloon room on tap with a vintage bar and a gas fireplace with a stone hearth, as well as a gym with a massage bed and steam shower. Fallon and Juvonen took care in the renovation, with restored window frames and casings, along with restored hardwood floors. The quirky and thoughtful design includes vintage 1940s wallpaper and antiques. Jeremy Stein and Debbie Korb, of Sotheby’s International Realty had the listing, which was taken off the market around eight months ago.