Wynonna Judd opened up about “the pain” of losing her mother and longtime singing partner Naomi Judd to suicide. “There is so much happening in the world right now. So before I sat down to write this, I thought, ‘No…I just don’t know what to say.’ Then, I heard the words from my life coach asking me, ‘What do you know?’ And I began to cry,” Wynonna, 58, wrote in an emotional Instagram post. The country music icon, 76, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on April 30 after struggling with her mental health for several years. “WHAT DO I KNOW?? I DO know, that the pain of losing Mom on 4/30 to suicide is so great, that I often feel like I’m not ever going to be able to fully accept and surrender to the truth that she left the way she did. This cannot be how The Judds story ends,” she wrote. “I DO know, that in order to be a healthier grandparent to my firstborn grandchild Kaliyah, {born 4/13, 2 weeks & 2 days before Mom left}, to break the cycle of addiction & family dysfunction, that I must continue to show up for myself {first} and do the personal healing work,” Wynonna said. She acknowledged that there is “a simple steps program” but noted that “those steps are not easy to take at times.” Yet, the grieving daughter has “made a commitment to keep doing the “next right thing,” and “schedule weekly appointments” to continue to work through the pain. The singer continued, “I DO know, that I feel so helpless — right now especially.” “I DO know, that as corny as it sounds, ‘Love Can Build A Bridge.’ I find myself humming the song that Mom wrote for the fans, to myself here on the farm at night,” she added. “I really DO know, that I’m not able to do this grieving thing all by myself, and that it’s okay to reach out for help. I will continue to fight for my faith, for my SELF, for my family, and I WILL continue to show up & sing.” Wynonna ended the post by thanking her fans and friends for their love and support. She previously announced that she will continue the 11-date national tour she had scheduled with her mom before her untimely death. “After a lot of thought, I’m going to have to honor her and do this tour. I’m just going to have to,” she said. Naomi had been candid about her mental health struggles in the past. In 2016, she revealed her battles with “extreme” and “severe depression” that left her housebound on “Good Morning America.” That same year she wrote a book, “River of Time: My Descent Into Depression and How I Emerged With Hope,” to go public with her diagnosis and to let people know that mental illness is “not a character flaw, it’s a stinking disease.” Naomi’s daughter Ashley Judd, 54, revealed that she was the one to find her mother’s body. “I have both grief and trauma from discovering her,” she previously shared on “Good Morning America.” Naomi’s husband, Larry Strickland, 76, has since admitted that he was terrified and knew she was in a “fragile” state. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.