New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, as we look forward to UFC 274. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York.  The entire main card of UFC 274 is worth watching, but no fight is as compelling as the main event of the evening. Justin Gaethje takes on Charles Oliveira, with two big names going face to face. Since a defeat in December 2017, Oliveira has reeled off ten consecutive wins, including becoming the UFC’s lightweight champion and one successful title defense. While much has been made of the resolve he has shown outside of the sport, overcoming poverty in Brazil, his skill inside the octagon should not be overlooked. Justin Gaethje became the World Series of Fighting lightweight champion in 2013. He had five successful title defenses before vacating his championship to join the UFC’s roster in 2017. Gaethje has won five out of his last six fights and pundits agree that he is the most deserving challenger in the lightweight division to get a shot at Oliveira’s title. Both men have a championship pedigree and neither man will be willing to give an inch once they’re inside the octagon. Elsewhere on the card, Rose Namajunas takes on Carla Esparza as they fight for the UFC women’s strawweight belt. The title means a lot to both fighters, with Namajunas just eight months into her championship spell, having defended her title once already. Carla Esparza has won five consecutive fights and is looking to reclaim the title she lost back in December of 2014 so both of these women know the joy of becoming a champion, and the pain of losing a belt.    21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. There’s nothing better than a promotion specific to the UFC. Place a Parlay on UFC 274 with 4+ legs, and If you lose exactly one leg, receive a free bet equal to your stake, up to $25. Minimum odds +400.  21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 