He’s certainly the king of Queens, but it doesn’t seem like he wants to be the king of Florida. Actor Kevin James is ready to part ways with his Delray Beach mansion since acquiring the property last January for $14 million. And the “King of Queens” star is hoping to score a sizable profit. Last week, James, 57, listed the six-bedroom, 11-bathroom estate for a whopping $19.95 million. Spanning over 11,100 square feet, the luxe home has not changed much at all since the actor bought the ocean-view residence. Built in 2020, the home features a covered loggia and a summer kitchen with a fireplace — as well as a second-level sun deck, also with a fireplace, overlooking an expansive zero-entry salt-water pool and spa, the listing notes. Comprised of three levels, the interiors open to wraparound wrought iron-embellished columned balconies, porches and rotunda terraces. The floors are made of porcelain tile and hardwood, and the designer ceilings are adorned with custom molding and wood paneling. The pool-view living area comes with a gas fireplace with a stone mantel, as well as a wet bar. Affording privacy for guests, the first-floor ensuite guest bedroom can be accessed from the front porch. On the second floor, three ensuite guest bedrooms all have ocean-view balconies. There’s also a game room/gathering room that features sliding glass doors that open to the pool-view loggia, which also connects to the guesthouse. The primary ensuite bedroom, which makes up the entire third floor, comes with a sunset balcony, a gas fireplace and a morning bar. The suite includes a large sitting room/office, walk-in closets and a marble spa-inspired bathroom with a walk-in shower and a soaking tub. Amenities include an elevator, a cabana bath and a temperature-controlled wine room. Pascal Liguori Group holds the listing. This isn’t the first time James will be flipping a profit in Florida. In 2016, he sold a different home in Delray Beach for $26.4 million. He purchased that property four years earlier for $18.85 million.