TULSA, Okla. — Shock. That was the overriding emotion while watching Tiger Woods stumble around Southern Hills on Saturday morning, taking an unthinkable 79 strokes to complete his third round of the PGA Championship (one day after shooting a gutsy 69 to make the cut) — and then withdrawing from the championship later in the day. Disbelief. That was the emotion elicited from watching Woods bogey five consecutive holes (the first time he ever has done that in a major championship as a professional) en route to 10-over for his third round through 13 holes. Sadness. That was the emotion that gripped you while watching Woods limp so badly on his surgically repaired right leg and foot, resulting from his February 2021 car crash, that it made you wonder how he could hit a golf ball 300 yards and make it through 18 holes. Sobering. That was the emotion that touched you when you let your mind wander to a place at which you wondered how long he can continue to do this, whether we’re seeing the end of an era with Woods no longer able to compete on this level. Why? That was the question you couldn’t help but ponder about why Woods, with 82 career wins, 15 major championships and more money than he’ll ever need, continues to put himself through this. As Woods completed his third round and trudged up the taxing hill from the 18th green toward the Southern Hills clubhouse, his girlfriend, Erica Herman, stood quietly at the top of the hill, waiting with Rob McNamara, Woods’ closest confidant. She was wrapped in a black blanket-like garment with a large white heart and the word “Loved’’ knitted onto the back of it and wore a black bucket hat. As they caught eyes, she nodded quietly at Woods as he limped past her and headed down another hill to the scoring tent. Buoyed by his grind to make the cut early Friday evening, Woods had spoken like someone who still fancied himself as having a chance to win the tournament. He said his hope was to put together the kind of round on Saturday that Bubba Watson had delivered on Friday, when he shot 63. Woods unfortunately went the other way, shooting 16 shots higher than Watson had. And when the carnage was complete, he had posted a 79, was 12 shots over par for the week and tied for last place among the 79 players who made cut. Saturday, by the way, was Woods’ 79th career round in the PGA Championship. In hindsight, Woods probably would have preferred to miss the cut on Friday and not to endure Saturday. To his credit, the 46-year-old Woods refused to use his compromised physical state or the cold, wet and windy conditions as an excuse. “I just didn’t play well,’’ Woods told the pool reporter afterward. “I just didn’t do anything right. I didn’t hit many good shots. Consequently, I ended up with a pretty high score.’’ Thirteen hours removed from the end of his impressive second-round 69, Woods looked like he had nothing left. Woods came to Southern Hills this week believing he was stronger, fitter and armed with better stamina than when he played the Masters last month and followed his encouraging 71-74 start with 78-78 on the weekend. This week, however, has looked a lot like a repeat of the Masters. “It’s very hard to see a guy with so much talent and skill have to struggle like that,’’ Shaun Norris, the 40-year-old South African with whom Woods was paired Saturday, said. “You can see he was battling just to get the ball out of the hole from time to time, even to bend out to put the ball on the tee. You really feel sorry for him.’’ A day earlier, Rory McIlroy, who played with Woods for the first two rounds, said if he felt the way Woods looked, he’d have withdrawn from the tournament. “The determination that the guy has, I mean, it’s phenomenal,’’ Norris said. “He’s an absolute grinder. He was grinding through everything, and that just shows you the amount of determination and guts the guy has. “He’s still hitting the ball great and the game is there. I think he’ll be back once he gets back to normal health and sorts out all the problems.’’ Will that time ever come again, though? That’s a question to which no one, not even Woods, has the answer.