A model has revealed the very strict criteria she has for men — even giving them an IQ test to take on the first date. Candice Kloss, from New York, US, who hit the headlines last year after revealing men find her intelligence “intimidating”, has shared the extreme lengths she is willing to go to in order to find ‘Mr Right’. She gives prospective partners a written IQ test to take on their first date. The model, who has 106,000 followers on Instagram (@candicekloss) doesn’t want to “waste her time” with “idiots”. Regardless of if the chemistry is right, if they don’t pass, “they’re out.” “I want to make sure that it’s worth it to go on a second date with them,” Candice, who has been a member of Mensa since she was just 17, told Jam Press. “There are a lot of men that are attractive but if they aren’t intelligent it takes away from good looks. “How can you enjoy time with someone if you can’t connect over conversation?” Those who pass will still have to stay on their A game, as the model expects them to stay up-to-date on current affairs and be able to entertain her with their knowledge of maths, finance and science. She said: “Some people don’t care to keep up with current events which can be a turn-off. “It’s attractive if someone picks up on things quickly, as well as emotional intelligence and a quick wit. “Behavioral economics is my favorite topic, but it’s a lot of fun to hear anyone talk about something they’re experienced and enthusiastic about. “Growing up I was a huge science and math nerd and still love maths.” The college dropout is nearly considered a “genius” by Mensa standards. According to the IQ scale, a score of 120-140 is classed as “very superior intelligence” – whereas anything over 140 is considered a ‘genius’. Candice falls just short of the latter, at 136 and is in the top 2% of the population for intelligence. So, what IQ number is high enough to date the clever woman? She said: “They need to be above average on the scale. “You don’t have to be a math whiz but you should be able to hold a conversation and be exceptionally smart in at least one subject. “I’m attracted to intelligent (book-smart but also street-smart) men who have a good sense of humour, and are adventurous, straightforward and fun.” Candice is often “underestimated” by men who assume she’s stupid because of her good looks and model career. But she says it doesn’t bother her – in fact, she uses it to her advantage. She previously told Jam Press: “It’s better to be underestimated at first – I love to prove men wrong.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.