Mayor Eric Adams is doing exactly the right thing to fight our new COVID wave: nothing. The city just entered a “high” alert stage, and health czar Dr. Ashwin Vasan is making noises about masking up and avoiding crowds. But Adams is holding the line on not reverting to the bad old days of mask mandates and other restrictions If “every variant that comes” makes New York “move into shutdown thoughts [and] panicking, we’re not going to function as a city,” he said Wednesday. Spot-on, sir. New variants will come and go, and the correct response is to encourage vaccination and help the truly high-risk (the elderly and the immunocompromised) stay safe with narrow and focused efforts. After all, even as case numbers go up, deaths and hospitalizations aren’t. The seven-day daily average of deaths in New York City has consistently been in the low single digits for weeks. The majority of those deaths occur among the elderly and the unvaccinated. The same figure for hospitalizations hasn’t cracked 100 since February. And years of evidence have proven that broad-scale mandates have no real effect, good or bad, on overall COVID outcomes — with New York’s outcomes nearly identical to mandate-free Florida’s. The data are clear. Adams is right and Vasan is wrong. New Yorkers don’t need to panic. And the city to really recover, we all must learn to live with COVID — elected officials, public health “experts” and everyone else. Yet the mayor still needs to follow his own logic and end the insane rule that kids under 5 need to mask in school. This policy — a favorite of Dr. Vasan’s — is as cruel as it is anti-science. Children that age face close to zero risk of death from COVID: Just 140 American kids under 5 have died of COVID since the pandemic began, out of a nationwide toll now topping 1 million. And masking toddlers comes with terrible costs, including learning and speech delays and behavioral problems (as reporting from The Post has shown, and common sense suggests). Mr. Mayor, you’ve seen the light on how harmful COVID alarmism is. It’s time to unmask the youngest and least powerful New Yorkers, and let this city really recover.