Very soon, Baby could be rocking out to the Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur in her corner. New details for the sequel to 1987’s “Dirty Dancing” have recently emerged, and according to Deadline, the story will involve some ’90s hip-hop music. Jennifer Grey will be reprising her role as Frances “Baby” Houseman and will also produce the feature, which is set in the Catskill Mountains. “50/50” director Jonathan Levine is directing the film and co-wrote the screenplay with Elizabeth Chomko, Deadline reported. While music from the original film will also pop up, the sequel will incorporate hip-hop as well as the likes of Alanis Morissette and Liz Phair — and Levine promised that “we will not ruin your childhood.” “While the original ‘Dirty Dancing’ has always been one of my favorite films, I never imagined I would direct the sequel,” Levine said in a statement. “Through co-writing it, I fell in love with the characters (new and old), the world of 1990s Catskills New York, and the music, which will range from songs from the original movie to ’90s hip-hop.” He added, “I can’t wait to collaborate with Jennifer to bring this beautiful story of summer and romance and dancing to a generation of new fans. And to the longtime ones, I promise we will not ruin your childhood. We will tackle the assignment with sophistication, ambition, and, above all, love.” The Lionsgate project is set for a 2024 release and production is set to begin later this year. No other cast members have been announced, but it is a possibility that original stars Kelly Bishop, Cynthia Rhodes and Jane Brucker could make appearances, Deadline reported. “We are about to talk to people and are exploring that,” Levine said. “The most important thing for us was having Jennifer on board. She is an invaluable collaborator. We’re going to try to involve as many people from the original as is appropriate. We want to be respectful in every way.” Dr. Houseman — Baby’s father — was played by theater legend Jerry Orbach, who passed away in 2004. Patrick Swayze, a k a Johnny Castle, died in 2009. The outlet also reported that despite Swayze’s death, the filmmakers are talking with the “Ghost” star’s estate to use his presence in some form. “Johnny is a part of Baby’s journey in the story,” Levine told Deadline. “This film exists in a dialogue with the original. We want to introduce this story to a whole new generation. That said, Johnny’s absence looms large over the story, so it’s a coming-of-age story but also a coming-of-age for Baby’s character in a way.” “ ‘Dirty Dancing’ is more than a movie — it’s a cultural touchstone that continues to be a rite of passage,” Erin Westerman, Lionsgate’s president of production, said in a statement. “As we approach the next chapter, we knew we had to honor the depth, the relevance, and the heat of the original,” she added. “We’ve been lucky to have Jennifer as our guide and are thrilled to have Jonathan by her side at the helm, because everything he makes is textured and romantic — he always gives us goosebumps.”