Girls just want to have a feature-length film made about their careers. Cyndi Lauper’s 30-year-plus career will be highlighted in the upcoming documentary “Let the Canary Sing.” The film will specifically follow the 68-year-old singer’s rise to fame from growing up in Queens to the release and success of her debut album “She’s So Unusual” in 1983. “Let the Canary Sing” will feature “the generations she has influenced with her songs, her inimitable ever-evolving punk style, unapologetic feminism and devotion to advocating for others,” according to a statement. The documentary will be directed by award-winning filmmaker Alison Ellwood and is being made in partnership with the “Time After Time” singer. “Like many people, I assumed when Cyndi Lauper burst onto the music scene in the early ’80s that she was another young star experiencing a meteoric rise to fame and success thanks to MTV,” Ellwood said. “But as it turns out, her story is one of hard knocks, hard work and dogged determination. Cyndi wanted her voice not just to be listened to, but a voice to be heard. “The documentary will be a full portrait of Cyndi Lauper – her true colors shining through,” the director added, a reference to her 1986 hit song. The New York native holds titles as singer-songwriter, actress, activist and best-selling musical composer. She has sold more than 50 million records worldwide, according to reps, and is just an Oscar away from being an EGOT winner. Lauper’s shift to work on the Broadway musical “Kinky Boots” made her the first solo woman to win a Tony for Best Original Score in 2013. The “Girls Just Want to Have Fun” singer is also a New York Times best-selling author for her autobiography “Cyndi Lauper: A Memoir,” as well as an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. She was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2016. Sony Music Entertainment is financing and distributing the film, which “will reveal a multi-faceted artist who has reinvented herself ‘time after time,’ ” according to a statement. “It is a privilege to have the opportunity to work together with Cyndi Lauper to produce her definitive documentary, one that matches her iconic and immeasurable impact on both the music industry and society at large,” said Tom Mackay, president of premium content at SME. The film will be produced by Fine Point Films with Trevor Birney, Eimhear O’Neill and Andrew Tully serving as producers, and Mackay, Tabs Breese, Lisa Barbaris and Richard Story as executive producers.