Kate Moss testified at the blockbuster defamation trial of ex-boyfriend Johnny Depp on Wednesday, shutting down a long-standing rumor that the actor pushed her down a set of stairs in the 1990s. The supermodel — who dated Depp between 1994 and 1997 — became a star witness for her former beau, with fans taking to social media to speculate that the stars are almost certain to rekindle their red-hot love affair of yore. “Why has Kate Moss decided to testify? Does she still love Johnny? I hope and think so,” one hopeless #JusticeForJohnnyDepp romantic posted to Twitter after Moss displayed her apparent loyalty to Depp on the stand. “I hope after this is over, Johnny realizes Kate was the one to marry as a life partner. I hope he phones her up and asks her out on dinner date,” another Depp die-hard declared. Depp, 58, is currently believed to be single, although Moss, 48, is in a six-year relationship with German aristocrat and photographer Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 35. Despite the supermodel’s relationship status, social media swooned about her appearance at the trial, with many saying Depp looked delighted when she popped up to refute prior testimony from Heard, 36, via video link. “Johnny’s smile when Kate popped up on the screen? Y’all better get back together ’cause that cute,” an eagle-eyed trial viewer wrote. Meanwhile, another asked: “Can we talk about how Johnny’s face lit up after seeing her face on screen?” Depp is currently suing ex-wife Amber Heard for defamation over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed that the actress wrote, in which she said she was a victim of sexual violence. Earlier this month, while on the stand at the defamation trial in Virginia, Heard referenced rumors that Depp pushed Moss down a flight of stairs at some stage during the course of their romance. Heard’s words prompted Depp’s lawyers to call on Moss to be a rebuttal witness. “He never pushed me, kicked me or threw me down any stairs,” Moss testified during her brief appearance on Wednesday, Speaking from Gloucester, England, Moss recounted for the jurors how she had been leaving her hotel room at the GoldenEye resort in Jamaica during a rainstorm when she fell down a flight of stairs and suffered an injury. “Johnny had left the room before I did, and there had been a rainstorm. And as I left the room, I slid down the stairs and hurt my back,” she said. “I screamed because I didn’t know what happened to me and I was in pain,” Moss testified. “And [Depp] came running back to help me and carried me to my room and got me medical attention.” Moss was 20 years old when she met Depp, who was then 31. The famous duo dated each other between 1994 and 1997, before the “Edward Scissorhands” broke up with the fashion icon and moved on to French actress Vanessa Paradis, the future mother of his two children, Lily-Rose and Jack. Despite the split, which Moss described in a 2012 Vanity Fair profile as a “nightmare” followed by “years and years of crying,” she has remained staunchly supportive of her ex. “There’s nobody that’s ever really been able to take care of me. Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said. Like if I said, ‘What do I do?’ He’d tell me. And that’s what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust,” she candidly stated. Heard did not specifically name Depp in the Washington Post article, but it was written after Heard filed a restraining order against her now-ex-husband in 2016 over abuse allegations. Depp is seeking $50 million in damages. Heard has filed a $100 million countersuit.