Age ain’t nothing but a number. An Italian teen has gone viral on TikTok after proposing to a woman many have mistaken for his grandmother. Giuseppe D’Anna, 19, took to the social media site on Monday claiming he had become engaged to his 76-year-old “soul mate,” whose name has not publicly been disclosed. D’Anna’s video — which has clocked up more than 20 million views — features a photo of the youngster popping the question while down on bended knee. The teen, who was born in 2003, is subsequently seen smooching his gray-haired fiancée, born in 1946, who appears overjoyed by the proposal. “La nostra promessa,” D’Anna captioned the clip, which translate to “our promise.” The video also shows the sparkling diamond engagement ring with which the smitten teen proposed. “This is only the beginning of a long relationship,” D’Anna also wrote, accompanied by a montage of photos of the couple. The video has been widely shared on TikTok, with more than 50,000 viewers flocking to the comments section to share their opinions on the unusual romance. “I have so many questions,” one confused viewer stated, seemingly perturbed by the 57-year age gap. Another was far less tactful, with a hater hollering: “Oh hell no!” Meanwhile, other sassy TikTokers accused D’Anna of using his much-older partner for money. “How many billions does Grandma have in her account?” one detractor sniped. Meanwhile, some viewers believed that the mature lady is actually D’Anna’s grandmother and that the proposal was nothing more than a prank. Others noted that the twosome usually kiss on the cheek, and are never seen smooching in any videos they have shared on TikTok. But D’Anna seems determined to prove the authenticity of their relationship, sharing more loved-up posts in the days following his proposal. “Siamo anime gemelle,” the teen wrote beneath one clip, or “We are soul mates.” D’Anna and his 76-year-old “soul mate” are hardly the first couple to attract attention for their supersize age gap. In November, a British man spoke out after marrying his 71-year-old wife when he was just 17. The man — now 23 — revealed he was forced to cut out “toxic” family members after they refused to attend the nuptials to his senior-citizen bride. Meanwhile, another 23-year-old TikToker, known as King Quran found online fame last year after flaunting his romance with his hard-life-looking girlfriend, Queen Cheryl, age 60.