Social media star Alina Fazleeva won’t be taking a vacation to Bali anytime soon. The Russian influencer and her husband, Andrey Fazleev, have been banned from the Indonesian province of Bali after she posted a photo of herself posing naked under a very old, sacred tree. Fazleeva was barred from Bali after finding out that her photo shoot was taken underneath a 700-year-old banyan tree at a temple compound. The now-deleted snapshot was posted on May 1 and the pair were deported on Friday, May 6. The couple cannot enter the island for at least six months, according to the AFP. “They have carried out activities that endangered public order and were disrespectful to the local norms, so they are sanctioned with deportation. Their names will be included in an entry ban list,” said Bali’s chief immigration officer Jamaruli Manihuruk, the outlet reported. AFP also noted that Bali deported almost 200 people last year for several reasons, including violating COVID-19 restrictions and disrespecting the country’s traditions and customs. Fazleeva and her husband performed a ritual at the tree’s site before leaving to seek forgiveness. She also followed up her snafu with two apology posts on social media. One post featured the duo praying by the evergreen with a caption written in Indonesian, saying: “I apologize to all Balinese and Indonesian people, I regret my actions. I’m so embarrassed, I didn’t mean to offend you in any way, absolutely no knowledge of this place. I just prayed under a tree and went straight to the police station to explain this incident and apologize.” A separate photo showed the Instagrammer with her hands held up in a prayer position and her eyes closed. In English, she penned: “I appeal to my friends and all the guests of Bali. I unknowingly made a big mistake for which I regret and I want to tell you so that you don’t repeat it. There are a lot of sacred places in Bali and not all of them have information signs about it, as in my case.” She continued, “And it is very important to treat these places and traditions with respect. And first it is important to find out if it is possible to take photos or videos in this place. I love Bali with all my heart and once again I apologize to all residents of Bali and ask for forgiveness.” Fazleeva shared in a social media update on Sunday that she and her partner have finally returned to Moscow. “Now we are already in Moscow, I am coming to my senses and when I am ready, I will tell you what really happened,” she scribed in both Russian and Indonesian. “We are grateful for all the words of support that we received from the people of Bali and the island for everything that He gave us.”