The Issue: Dropping approval for Mayor Adams in the midst of ongoing criticism over his handling of crime. Mayor Adams is clearly failing in his first months in office (“Apple is souring on Adams,” May 6). Yes, he’s trying, but he’s fighting a blue-state political system totally in the control of soft-on-crime — some might say pro-criminal — Democrats. To change the direction of the crime epidemic that’s taken over the city, you must change the state’s deranged bail laws, start prosecuting younger gang­bangers, remove soft-on-crime judges and make it obvious to the criminal class that there are consequences to their illegal actions. Voting out Democrats in the state Senate and Assembly would help, along with sending the weak and useless Gov. Hochul packing. This is what Mayor Adams needs to turn the corner on crime. You can’t cure the problems with the same people who caused them in the first place. Steve Heitner Middle Island The majority of people feel that the bail system is screwed up. Mayor Adams can talk all he wants about bringing crime down, but nothing will change, except for maybe the worst of it, if we don’t get some saner bail system in place. If he can’t get the Assembly, with Speaker Carl Heastie, and the Senate, with Sen. Andrea Stewart-Cousins, to change, then we have to vote them out. Everyone who voted for this bail system now has to go. While we are at it, let’s vote out all of the City Council members who voted to defund the police. Phil MacDonald Marine Park Even while touting his former police experience, our mayor has fallen short of his promise to reduce crime, which won him the election. The gap between his rhetoric and results is wide, to say the least. He’s trying to thread the needle between what Democratic progressives deem heavy-handed policing versus the use of policing tools that have proven to work in the past under other mayors and police commissioners. There is nothing vile about the phrase “proactive” or the use of tactical tools like stop, question and frisk, which is apparently a political bridge too far for him. Until that mindset changes, we can expect more of the same. Phil Serpico Queens The latest polls show that Adams is sinking, with only 43% of New Yorkers saying he is doing a good job. Crime continues to rise with no end in sight. Subways continue to remain unsafe, despite the efforts of the NYPD. Companies continue to operate remotely from home, with thousands of employees still not returning to their office buildings because of the threat of the wretched COVID virus. In office for nearly five months, the mayor needs to get on the ball and move to bring this pandemic-ravaged city and its economy back to life. The Big Apple is in big trouble. What is the City Council doing to help our city revitalize? John Amato, Queens Mayor Adams, as of right now you’re doing a good job of following in the footsteps of your predecessor. Crime and violence keeps going up. In Queens, a deliveryman, Zhiwen Yan, was shot dead and there was a brutal stabbing murder of Orsolya Gaal. This has got to stop. Adams pledged when he was campaigning for mayor that his first priority was to rid the city of all this crime and violence. It’s been five months now, and nothing has changed. Maybe it’s time you take off your fancy clothes and do your job — protect the people of New York City. Rob Johann Queens Somebody needs to tell the mayor that actions speak louder than words. He misled the people of New York in the worst possible way. He presented himself as motivated, knowledgeable and capable. Now, dining with Naomi Campbell and doing showtime with Dave Chappelle, he appears more interested in the Hollywood vibe. Wearing a bespoke tuxedo with stupid pictures and meaningless phrases ain’t gonna get it done. P. Moran, Wall, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.