Pack your bags and take off in style, all while skipping the dreaded baggage drop line. Carry-on luggage is a lifesaver when traveling for long weekends and short trips, having everything you need handy in one place while the rest of your suitcases ride under the plane with the bigger bags. However, one of the most stressful aspects of flying is making sure your beloved carry-on bag is the right size to stow in the cabin, as no one wants to be pulled over by TSA, or be asked to rearrange or check an extra item while boarding. Here’s where we can help, as all of the suitcases and backpacks listed here are all TSA-approved and should fit nicely in most airplanes’ overhead or under-the-seat storage areas. Plus, these have great reviews and will help you travel in style. Read on for the best hard-shell and soft-shell suitcases, duffles, backpacks and more that you can “carry on” all through 2022 and beyond. Don’t spin out in line for baggage drop. Instead, check out this Samsonite Spinner, which measures 20-inches and can easily be brought on board. It is also now on sale at Walmart in other sizes and colors, too, to fit any travel needs. Up, up and away! This bag truly is the gold standard — or silver, rose gold or black. The Aluminum Edition of the Away Carry-On is an elevated version of the OG bag, which you should grab now, as the coveted classic bag is sold out for the time being. We also had the opportunity to review Away, and if you couldn’t tell by the headline, we cannot travel without it. Pro tip: act fast and snag the new lavender color, perfect for spring travels. Travel like a pro with this beloved suitcase brand. The Travelpro Maxlite bag is a great one for both domestic and international travel, keeping everything you need close with two front pockets and is easy to roll through the airport with four wheels and a PowerScope Lite handle that locks in at two different heights. Travel light this year. For those who love having less to schlep through the airport or pack into the car, this July suitcase is for you. It only weighs 1.8kg or about 4 pounds and comes in some pretty fun colors like olive green and light pink to easily spot in the airport. Travel in style with this trunk-inspired pack from Calpak. The carry on is also on sale right now, marked down 15% just in time for spring break preparations. The silver suitcase also comes with options to add accident protection, which isn’t a bad idea with the way some airlines handle luggage, should you choose to check this bag. While you cannot bring water on board, you can bring a bag made of 23 recycled water bottles. This bag from Dagne Dover is made of recycled Neoprene fabric that is both durable and functional, complete with a laptop sleeve that fits most 16-inch computers and a handlebar sleeve to easily split over any of the roller-bags above. For a soft-sided bag with all the pockets you could ever want, try out this carry-on for size. Speaking of, the bag measures 22-inches and meets most size requirements for overhead bin storage. The bag comes in either black or a dark eggplant purple, both of which come with a one-year manufacturer’s warranty. We know air travel is a huge pollution problem, so at least you can travel carbon neutral with this Paravel bag. The Aviator Carry-On is constructed and shipped to you with the environment in mind, plus they also aim to offset the emissions from one flight for each bag made. Dare to roam wherever your heart desires, knowing your bag is the cleanest one on the plane. The Scout Weekender is actually made of antimicrobial technology, keeping germs at bay as well as water with their specialty coating. There’s nothing wrong with basic when you need a strong and dependable suitcase. This Amazon Basics Hardside Spinner bag is a great carry-on choice, as it can expand to hold all your holiday travel needs and comes in fun colors that are easy to spot in a crowded airport of black and silver bags. Trade up this travel season, to a new carry-on from Herschel. The Trade Luggage Carry-On has a hard shell exterior and comes in two sizes: a larger 23-inch carry-on and a standard 21-inch. Pass through TSA with flying colors with this bag from Ted Baker. Not only is it super stylish, but the added features like the lock and dual zippers make it perfect for any type of travel. Act fast, as this high-performance carry-on from Briggs & Riley is a hot-ticket item. This brand is sold on Amazon and also has an option for a matching checked bag, should you want to travel with the stylish matching set. Want to travel with zero stress? Check out this carry-on bag from Zero Halliburton for an easy stroll through any airport. The hardshell bag comes in four colors and even comes with free a monogram, so no one will claim their bag as yours. This bag will be your right-hand man on any trip. The Carry-On from Monos is a great option, should you want a secure TSA-approved lock and fun colors and patterns in spades. Check out this soft-sided bag for an easy travel experience. Beis is a great brand, backed by celebrity founder Shay Mitchell. This carry-on comes in a 21-inch size as well as 29-inch,  each of which can be collapsed to save space when not on the road. For a designer carry-on, Amazon has this in the bag. Check out this beautiful pick from Tumi, that is designed to fit in the overhead and give you access to all your belongs no matter where you are. This brand knows a thing or two about travel and adventure. Trust L.L. Bean when it comes to your carry-on bag, with this one that fits under the seat of the car, plane, train or whatever you choose to take. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.