Many of us will use makeup to contour our faces, but did you know that you can also use your hair color to make your face appear more chiseled? If you’ve had the same hairstyle for years and want to switch things up, you’ve come to the right place. Or, if you’re unhappy with the shape of your face and feel that makeup isn’t cutting the mustard, you’re in safe hands. Don’t head off to a practitioner for facial treatments, just pop to your local high street and grab some hair dye. Celebrity hairdresser Jay Birmingham, has shared how your hair color can help to contour your face. Not only this, but according to Jay, your hair color can also make your hair appear thicker and fuller than ever before. Jay Amir-Nazemi Afshar, also known as Jay Birmingham is well-known in the celebrity world and is best pals Coronation Street star Helen Flanagan. Not only this, but we can always rely on him for his hair care tips. He said: “We all know about contouring your face with makeup, but what about with your hair color? “To contour means to use light and dark to give the illusion of the lighter pieces standing out and the darker pieces pulling back. “Using this simplified concept as a base for hair color can help you to create the illusion of thicker, fuller hair and even help your cheekbones to stand out and your face appear slimmer.” So if you want to give up the bronzer and have a permanent slimmer-looking face, Jay explains how. He continued: “To help your hair look fuller, you need to use a multi-tonal color to create this effect. “Stick to the same color palette – for example ash toned blondes pair nicely with cooler brunettes and warm honey blondes are complemented by warmer dark shades. “Of course you can achieve this using hair color, however you can also use extensions to add in different tones and help contour your hair color. “To help your face appear slimmer, it’s all about color placement. “The placement will be bespoke to your face shape and your hairdresser will be able to advise you on what’s best.” Are you brave enough to try this out and change your hair color? This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.