They give the full package deal. A new survey discovered shocking and racy details about the lives of couriers, including that one in four delivery drivers have hooked up with someone while on the job. Conducted by Circuit, a route-planning app for drivers, the survey polled 564 drivers, a group comprised of 69% food delivery drivers and 31% other couriers. “Interacting inappropriately with a customer was one of the most common indiscretions reported,” the findings read, with 27% of drivers participating in “less-than-professional communications” and 25% revealing they hooked up with someone while working. While it seems too wild to be true, a Florida man was fired as an Amazon delivery driver last October after a woman was caught slinking out of his van on camera. One DoorDash driver, who was later fired, even held a food order hostage from a customer because he wanted sexual favors in return. “Help me out a little sexually and I’ll deliver the food,” the driver supposedly messaged the woman, who took to social media to out his behavior. “If not, I’m gonna have to cancel.” Further indiscretions, the survey found, included urinating around customers’ homes (9% of respondents) and eating food deliveries, which accounted for a whopping 80% of those questioned. Such tampering with food is, in fact, against many delivery services’ rules – but it clearly doesn’t stop drivers. “Intentionally damaging packages, stealing packages, and opening and resealing packages were also reported at 23%, 17% and 17%, respectively,” the survey found. Drivers who participated also admitted to passing judgment on customers for orders. Specifically, 78% of couriers judged people’s orders, recalling the most bewildering ones including sexual lubricant, 20 orders of fries and a 12-foot Christmas tree in March. But the job isn’t all bad — 42% of respondents said their customers used them for TikTok trends, like making them dance in front of their porch cameras. Yet drivers still dislike their customers at times. Reasons they listed include tipping poorly, dogs barking at them, rude neighbors, difficult-to-find addresses or people who are “overly friendly.” Some recounted terrifying experiences of being chased by dogs or customers flashing them. “The recipient thought I was a robber and set their pit bull on me,” one 27-year-old courier told Circuit. “I had to hide in my car while they screamed at me and threatened me with a gun until they noticed me holding their package in the window.” Another 36-year-old food delivery driver described a time when the house was hard to find, and when they did find it, they were met with a less-than-ideal surprise. “When I got to the customer he was super weird while dressed in an animal costume, with an exposed private area,” the person reported to Circuit. The key takeaway from the findings, according to Circuit, is to always treat the delivery drivers right. “Delivery drivers experience many kinds of things while doing their duties — from strange deliveries to even stranger customers,” Circuit said. “While delivery drivers are likely to be good-natured, it’s best to leave them out of your pranks or TikToks. They don’t have to dance for your doorbell if they don’t want to.”