A seemingly ordinary home in the small town of Marietta, Pennsylvania has hit the market for $297,000 — but there’s a surprise included in that price. Made up of three bedrooms and two bathrooms, the house has a living room with beamed ceilings and hardwood flooring, a kitchen, a laundry room, bathrooms with marble flooring and an expansive backyard. But one particular feature has many questioning the history of what took place inside. Dubbed a “torture chamber” by several people who commented on the “Zillow Gone Wild” Instagram page, the property comes with its very own cave. Not a man cave — a cave. The unusual feature can be accessed through a medieval-designed door situated in the center of the living room. “I mean the serial killer cave is a nice amenity and all but the bathroom needs work,” one user commented. “I just know this house has seen its fair share of crime scene investigations,” another person wrote. “John Wayne Gacy designed this,” one woman quipped. According to the listing, the property spans over 2,100 square feet and has been described as a “contemporary home.” “Enter the home through the kitchen which has tons of cabinet space and countertops,” the listing says. “Once you walk into the living room you are welcomed with lots of natural light and the openness of the space.” “The home has plenty of beautiful accent pieces like the large wooden beams, built-in closets, hidden compartments, small windows near the stairs, and grand light fixtures.” Toward the end of the description, there is a casual note about the cave, but not much about why it was built. “Oh yea, and I forgot to mention the actual cave in the basement!” The listing states. “Bring your ideas, or fascination with history and come see this unique home!” The owners are Whitney and Shawn McGrew, who purchased the home back in 1998 for only $58,700, records show. It remains unclear what the cave is used for. The Post has reached out to Natalia Latsios of CENTURY 21 Home Advisors, who holds the listing, for comment.