Shay Mitchell is on her A-game, and she isn’t stopping any time soon. Her robust acting gigs such as “Pretty Little Liars” and “You,” her successful BÉIS and Onda brands and her current pregnancy proves that. Though, Mitchell, 35, has arrived at a place where she can confidently say “no” when necessary. “Especially now being a mom, I don’t have a problem saying no if my time is better spent elsewhere,” Mitchell told the New York Post. That’s what makes the “You” star’s latest brand partnership with Hydralyte, a rapid hydration solution, all the more impactful. “One of my best friends mentioned she was drinking [Hydralyte],” Mitchell told The Post. “I don’t like the sports drinks. I don’t like coconut water because of all the sugar. I knew I would be consuming a lot of donuts towards the end [of my pregnancy], so I was like let’s hold off on the sugar.” To Mitchell’s surprise, Hydralyte contained 75% less sugar and 4x more electrolytes than sports drinks — and it tastes amazing during her second pregnancy. “[Hydralyte] has made this pregnancy night and day for me,” Mitchell said. “I honestly feel like I have energy, and I’m still consuming the same before, but I just feel so much better.” As Mitchell further discussed her current pregnancy, she shared her excitement of introducing her first-born, Atlas, 2, to her soon-to-be sibling. “[I am most excited] to see Atlas with her little sibling,” Mitchell shared. “Watching [Atlas] prepare for this with her own little dolls — she totally gets it. She looks at my stomach. She thinks she has one in her stomach. It’s cool seeing her understand this, but that moment when I bring them together is going to be awesome.” Mitchell exclusively disclosed that she does indeed have a baby name picked out for her upcoming arrival and gave the clue “my heart” to New York Post readers. We here at The Post have our money set on “Amor,” “Corazon” and “Cuore,” but only time will tell. Keep reading to shop Mitchell’s must-have baby preparation and diaper bag products, which includes Hydralyte. “Between meetings, working out and chasing a toddler, I don’t drink as much water as I should,” Mitchell told The Post. “I invested in Hydralyte because it delivers superior rapid rehydration, tastes great and is low in sugar so my family gets the hydration they need. It’s a daily life-hack.” Hydralyte comes in an array of various flavors that tackle different needs, such as collagen production, energy boosts and immunity kickstarting, while providing optimal hydration levels. Mitchell’s go-to is the variety pack. “This is the best bag to bring to the hospital,” the actress said. “I can fit everything I need!” We are also major BÉIS fans here at the New York Post. After all, the weekender comes in four various colors and features easy-access opening, a bottom compartment, zipper-pockets and trolley sleeve. “This was my favorite breastfeeding pillow,” Mitchell said. “If anyone is struggling to find the right product while breastfeeding, I highly recommend this product.” Available in a plethora of colors, this nursing pillow has over 4,000 positive reviews on Amazon and is great for one-hand use, is firm and flat and features a wrap-around design. “These were our go-to with Atlas,” the mom explained. “It might be different for our second child, but we’ll definitely have these handy again!” The pack comes with two four-ounce specialty feeding bottles made to help and treat oral feeding issues. Best of all, they help decrease gassiness and burping with it’s non-squeeze method. “We didn’t even turn ours on, but I loved that she was safe and protected,” Mitchell told The Post. “I love the sleek design!” The Snoo bassinet adds one to two hours of baby sleep per night, helps sleep-train little ones, features a mobile app, calms fussing and more. “I use Coconut Oil for everything,” said the 35-year-old. We can see why the mom of soon-to-be two does, as this coconut oil can be used to protect your skin, increase metabolism, cook, condition hair, moisturize and more. “Doing small movement workouts has been really great for toning throughout pregnancy without putting too much strain on your body,” said Mitchell. The challenging resistance bands come in a pack of three pastel colors with high, medium and low resistance. They are also durable, lightweight and non-slip. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.