Madonna isn’t hung up on criticisms about her body-baring NFT. The 63-year-old Queen of Pop worked with the nonfungible token artist Beeple to create an NFT that made fans and critics gasp. The NFT contained some very NSFW graphics featuring the “Like a Virgin” crooner fully nude and giving birth to butterflies, insects and trees. The collection even includes a 3D model of her vagina. Madonna is now defending the usage of her naked physique in a new interview she did with Beeple creator Mike Winkelmann. “I’m doing what women have been doing since the beginning of time, which is giving birth,” the mother of six said in a chat shared to her Instagram account Wednesday. “But on a more existential level, I’m giving birth to art and creativity and we would be lost without both,” she went on. The proceeds from the NFT — entitled “Mother of Creation” — will be given to the charities National Bail Out, V-Day and Voices of Children. The “Evita” actress added, “I think it’s really important that a lot of thought and conversation went into creating these videos.” Madonna and the artist then discussed their vision for the artwork and what they both wanted to portray. “I say we need a forest with creepy crawly bugs coming out of me,” Madonna quipped. “Not often does a robot centipede crawl out of my vagina.” “My journey through life as a woman is like that of a tree. Starting with a small seed, always pushing against the resistance of the Earth. The endless weight of gravity,” she concluded. On Wednesday, the “Music” songstress noted in a statement that the purpose of the NFT was “to investigate the concept of creation, not only the way a child enters the world through a woman’s vagina, but also the way an artist gives birth to creativity.” Fans moaned and groaned about her nude pictures and tweeted their thoughts on the matter. “Madonna’s latest NFT. If I saw it, you have to too. NFT should stand for NO FKN TACT,” one wrote. “Madonna is selling an nft of her WHAT? nah f–k this s–t I’m out,” another tweeted. “Whatever it is, it SUCKS,” someone chimed in on Instagram.