Albany Democrats are slated to pass legislation this week imposing new restrictions on semi-automatic rifles, bullet-proof vests and large-capacity magazines following deadly mass shootings in Buffalo and Texas. “New York already has some of the toughest gun laws in the country but clearly we need to make them even stronger. New Yorkers deserve to feel safe in schools, in grocery stores, in movie theaters, in shopping malls and on our streets,” Gov. Kathy Hochul said in a release on the measures. One of 10 bills included in the package reflect her push to ban sales of semi-automatic rifles to people under age 21 despite a recent federal court ruling that overturned such a law in California. “Anything is possible, but we are here to move forward with this first step,” bill sponsor state Sen. Kevin Thomas (D-Long Island) said of possible legal challenges. New Yorkers would also have to get licenses to buy or come into possession of semi-automatic rifles under the proposal, similar to current state requirements to have a handgun. California and a handful of other states already have similar laws on the books. That proposal is one of several bills that are direct responses to the Buffalo massacre where an alleged teen white supremacist used a legally purchased semi-automatic rifle, a bullet-proof vest and illegal, high-capacity magazines to deadly effect. One proposal would require police and district attorneys to seek an Extreme Risk Protection Order under the state red flag law when faced with potential threats. Authorities notably declined to secure such an order allowing them to seize any weapons possessed by the alleged Buffalo shooter after he reportedly made threatening remarks at his former high school. Other bills expected to pass the Legislature this week would ban sales of bullet-proof vests to people outside certain professions like law enforcement while another would close an existing loophole that prosecutors say prevents them from charging people who possess illegal gun magazines. The bill package also includes proposals aimed at other types of gun crimes by expanding the definition of “firearm” and laying the groundwork to require microstamping tech in new handguns to help match specific weapons with discharged cartridges. Other proposals aim to better monitor online extremism and increase reporting of illegal gun seizures. Democrats say the package contains necessary fixes to help prevent future tragedies before the scheduled end of the 2022 legislative session on June 2. “Just 10 days separated the mass shootings in Buffalo and Uvalde that took the lives of 31 people. Nowhere else in the world is this happening. We are in desperate need of a conversation about guns, but we are also in desperate need of action,” Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie said in the press release. Representatives of Assembly Minority Leader William Barclay and state Senate Minority Leader Robert Ortt did not respond to requests for comment. Passage through the state Legislature appears certain in Democratic-dominated Albany – with uncertain consequences for New York gun owners and the people who serve them ahead of the November elections. “Changes always take time and need to be examined thoroughly,” said Craig Serafini, owner of upstate Guns and Ammo in Schenectady, who added he was unfamiliar with the details of the new gun package before state lawmakers. Thomas defended his proposal Tuesday by saying that it was a necessary measure based on what was already known about recent mass shootings. “They will always say we are infringing on their rights, you know, that we are trying to take away their guns, but this is common sense gun safety legislation that we’re pushing forward. After Buffalo, we have to do this,” the Long Island Democrat said.