Dwayne Haskins wife, Kalabrya Haskins,  released a statement Monday, after a toxicology report stated the 24-year-old quarterback was legally drunk when he was struck and killed by a dump truck on I-595 in Florida on April 9. “On behalf of Dwayne’s wife, his family and his memory, and on behalf of the truth, we respectfully request and pray for privacy, for patience, and for the public to withhold any judgement during this period while the law enforcement authorities contuse to investigate and conduct their important work,” Haskins’ widow said in a statement released by her lawyer on Monday. Earlier that day, the Broward County medical examiner’s toxicology report revealed two separate samples taken from Haskins’ body had alcohol levels of .20 and .24 — both of which are above the legal BAC limit in Florida of .08. According to the report, Haskins, 24, also tested positive for ketamine and norketamine, drugs that are used by medical professionals as anesthetics, but can also be used recreationally. The medical examiner’s report stated that an unnamed “female companion” was in Haskins’ vehicle when it was found on the side of the road — and that she told Florida Highway Patrol that Haskins had left the vehicle to try to find gas. The woman’s relationship to the late quarterback is unknown, according to the report. A 911 report from Haskins’ wife on the morning of his death indicated that he was walking on the highway because he ran out of gas. She was not with him at the time, and told a 911 dispatcher that she was at their home in Pittsburgh. Haskins married Kalabrya, who played basketball at Michigan State, in March 2021. The medical examiner ruled Haskins’ cause of death as multiple blunt force injuries and the manner of his death as an accident. “They drank heavily and at some point, they got into a fight, separating,” according to the medical examiner’s report. According to the Miami Herald, a Steelers official told the medical examiner’s office that Haskins went to dinner with a cousin or friend, whose name was “Joey,” and then later went to a nightclub, “possibly in Miami,” on the night before his death. Haskins was in Florida to train with Steelers teammates. The former Rose Bowl MVP was entering his second season with Pittsburgh. A former Heisman Trophy finalist at Ohio State, he was selected by the Washington Commanders with the No. 15 overall pick in the 2019 NFL draft.