Put your best foot forward this spring. If you need some help, Kenneth Cole wants to assist, offering 25% off on new Spring 2022  shoe styles for both him and her. The Spring Footwear Event is on right now, but don’t drag your feet, as it ends after this weekend on Sunday, May 8. Use the promo code SPRINGSTEPS to get in on the deal, noting that only full-price selects are eligible for the quarter-off discount. Since the sale is short and there are shoes aplenty, we wanted to give you some options for how to shop. If you’d like, head over to the main page right now, and fill your cart with sneakers, flats, dress shoes and more. Or, for a more curated look at the sale, read on for our top five picks in both men’s and women’s footwear, offering you a range of top-rated options without having to search too hard. Get all dressed up for a fraction of the price with these Oxford dress shoes. The leather shoes come in either black or the above cognac brown color, each as rich as the other. Every man needs a clean pair of white kicks. Get these leather sneakers now, for a quarter of the price, and then stock up in every color. These come in white, brown, black and even a fun camo print to spice things up. Slide on over to Kenneth Cole for these summer slides, now on sale. Slides are perfect for the beach and the boardwalk, making spring and summer dressing a breeze. They come in black and brown, each with a cushioned footbed for all-day wear. Be ready for a hike no matter where you are with these sneaker-and-hiking-shoe hybrids. The Life-lite Hiker Sneaker has the style of a sneaker, but with the high top protection and support of a hiking shoe, coming in green or black. You’d best run on over to your computer if you want these sneakers. The Run are a great everyday footwear choice, as they are simple and sleek but provide support and comfort all day long. Plus, they currently come in five colors, so you can mix and match accordingly. Pump it up this spring. The Riley 85 Heel is a classic style that every women needs in her wardrobe. Perfect for work or a night out, the shoe comes in black with a gold heel, complete with a memory foam insole to keep your arches happy. These platform shoes are trending all over right now, so you may as well get them for a discount. They are made of suede and come in the above rich brown color as well as in a bright red perfect for summer. Who run the world? The Run Sneakers also come in women’s sizing, and we are thrilled. Also on sale, the women’s sneakers come in an array of colors including the denim blue pair above, along with white, red and black. Feel like a supermodel while also staying comfortable in these wedge heels. The Gisele T-Strap shoes come in brown and black, and have an adjustable buckle to get the fit just right. These flat loafers are a game-changer for the office or walking around almost anywhere this spring and summer, as they are both comfortable and super stylish in the off-white color. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.