The Goldman Sachs executive who was randomly gunned down on the Q train was remembered by his family on Sunday as a proud Mexican American with a commitment to nonviolence. Dozens of family and friends attended the wake for victim Daniel Enriquez in Queens where his sister Griselda Vile him a “proud New Yorker” and “proud Mexican,” who would break up fights without ever throwing a punch himself. “He’s a pacifist,” Vile said outside James Romanelli-Stephen Funeral Home. “He doesn’t own a gun. “Even when people were getting beaten or attacked, he would stand between the assailant and the victim, but he wouldn’t even hit back the person,” said Vile. Enriquez was allegedly shot and killed by suspect Andrew Abdullah in broad daylight as Enriquez was riding the northbound Q train to brunch. Abdullah was arrested and charged with second-degree murder Wednesday. Enriquez, a Goldman Sachs researcher and Park Slope resident, was the fourth subway homicide this year. “He’s the coolest person in our entire family, and for him to work so hard and just be taken like that. I don’t want his death to be in vain. He would have wanted change, and he would have wanted justice,” Vile said. “So I’m going to continue to work with this district attorney to make sure that this man never ever sees the light of day. And I want legislation to ensure that they protect communities and people.” She said everyone loved him at work and the bar where he’d hang out. “He had so much love,” Vile said, who after talking to reporters could be seen crying and hugging friends, asking, “Who’s going to protect me now?” A funeral for Enriquez will be held Tuesday at a Williamsburg church. His father, Ruberto, flew in from Mexico for the services. Friend Anthony Procaccino, 55, called Enriquez a “sweetheart of a man.” Procaccino, who lives on the Upper East Side, takes the Q train regularly. “I’ve been in New York most of my life. So I’m not really that nervous,” he said of taking the subway. “But when it’s one in a million plus people, and it happens to be somebody who is very special to a person special to you, it’s obviously very shocking.” Enriquez’s niece, Jessica, couldn’t understand how nobody saw the alleged shooter carrying a gun. “He was just going to brunch and all of a sudden, just a random boom, he got shot and like, it’s just hard. I’m like, ‘How could it be that just like that?’ And I’ve been talking about this, can they have more control over the gun?” she said. “How did this guy even get control of a gun and how was he able to actually go onto the train? And then nobody sees that he had a gun in his hand? Because everybody’s so distracted on the phone. Nobody sees it.”