Texas Gov. Greg Abbott posted — and then quickly deleted — a tweet in support of Tesla CEO Elon Musk after the billionaire tech mogul was accused of sexually harassing a flight attendant in 2016. Abbott, the Republican governor, wrote on his personal Twitter account that Musk “picked the right state to move to” after the Tesla boss slammed Insider for publishing a story detailing the sex misconduct allegations. The governor left the tweet up for seven minutes before removing it, according to The Dallas Morning News. Abbott was responding to a tweet from Musk who wrote: “The attacks against me should be viewed through a political lens — this is their standard (despicable) playbook — but nothing will deter me from fighting for a good future and your right to free speech.” Musk, who called the Insider story a “hit piece” that was part of a politically motivated  to prevent him from acquiring Twitter. The Tesla boss, who is also the world’s richest person, relocated the electric car maker’s headquarters from Democrat-dominated California to Austin last year, a move hailed by Abbott and Republicans as vindication of their economic policies. Musk called the woman who accused him of sexual misconduct a “far-left actress” who has “a major political axe to grind” — and challenged her to verify her claims by describing a part of his anatomy “not known by the public.” Musk took to Twitter late Thursday and said that the “wild accusations are utterly untrue.” The allegations were first reported by Insider. The tech mogul was accused of exposing himself to a flight attendant aboard one of his private planes in 2016 — and SpaceX later paid the woman $250,000 to settle her sexual misconduct claim, according to the bombshell report. Musk was also accused of rubbing the flight attendant’s leg without permission and offering to buy her a horse if she gave him an erotic massage onboard the plane, Insider reported Thursday, citing documents and interviews. Hours after Insider published the story, Musk challenged the friend of the accuser who is reported to have been told about the alleged incident soon after it happened. Musk tweeted: “But I have a challenge to this liar who claims their friend saw me ‘exposed’ — describe just one thing, anything at all (scars, tattoos, …) that isn’t known by the public.” “She won’t be able to do so, because it never happened.” He has also stated his intention to vote for Republican candidates in the election this fall as well as in 2024. At the time Musk decided to relocate to Austin, he cited the rising cost of living in California as the reason Tesla moved its headquarters from Palo Alto to Texas’ capital. He said that the company would continue to “expand our activities in California, so this is not a matter of, sort of, Tesla leaving California.”