A fashion fan went on the hunt to find the best swimsuits for bigger busts – and she’s shared her helpful tips on TikTok. London-based designer Liza Belmonte tried on 60 swimsuits in all and discovered what works well for larger-cup ladies and what doesn’t. “Do you want to know how to look very sophisticated on the beach even if you have very big boobs?” she asked. By trying on five dozen swimsuits – including bikinis – she found the best styles and features for women who wear a D-cup and above. “If you have a D-cup or above, you will probably be very familiar with the struggle of finding a shape that flatters our figure,” she said. “Perhaps what you want this summer is to look more sophisticated, perhaps a bit more modest,” she went on. “You do not want that part of your body to be what people notice first about you, and you want to be able to take a dip in the sea without worrying about where things are. “An issue we’re dealing with here is that most brands grade their swimwear in a really, really bizarre way,’ she said. Instead of sizing swimwear like underwear, they size it like other clothing. She noted that many brands assume that if a woman has a large cup size, she is also larger all over with a bigger circumference. “This is problematic for people who have a large chest with a small back or vice-versa.” “If you have a large cup and a small back and they try to sell you a size XL, they’re doing it wrong,” she said. Once you find brands that size swimwear by cup size, there are a few tips that will help you find the most flattering fit. First, Liza said, avoid triangle-shaped tops because they don’t have enough support and can create a gaping issue around the armpit. Second, avoid ties around your neck because they can lead to neck pain and red marks. “I don’t need to tell you that this stuff is heavy,” she said. She also said to avoid flimsy straps, straps that come down the middle of the chest, and one-shoulder suits. “If you have a small frame and a large bust, you need adjustable straps,” she said. “Look for nicely sewn-in cups that can give you support,” she added, warning against flimsy ones that move around inside the lining after the suit has been washed. Wide straps are always good, and she said she has never gone wrong with a square neckline, calling it the “magic shape.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.