A woman has to shell out $100 on granny bras and use a walking stick thanks to her boobs that “weigh two stone.” Anji Chalk, 22, fears she will be “permanently disabled” by the crushing weight of her chest, which are a K cup at least. The actress suffers with painful sweat rashes and is regularly covered in bruises caused by people bumping into her breasts in the street. She is desperate to get a breast reduction, but has not been offered one by the NHS unless she loses weight. Anji, from Llandudno, North Wales, said: “The doctors have said they want me to lose half my body weight and be around 140 or 154 pounds, which of course I’d love to be. “The thing is my breasts weigh about a stone each at least. “I wear a size 40K and have to change my bras every couple of months because the underwires break. “I have to spend so much money on ‘granny’ bras that I get commissioned from Poland – they cost about $100 for the cheapest. “I don’t leave the house unless I go shopping but whenever I do I bring my walking stick with me. “I get sores and sweat rashes under my breasts, it’s just agony and sometimes they itch to the point there is bruising. “The straps cut into my skin and I have bruises and scars on my shoulders and indents from my bras. “People bump into me all the time. A number of times I’ve come home with bruises on my breasts because someone has accidentally knocked into me because they protrude out so much. “I’m not able to wear a bra lying down as the whole weight of them concentrated on my chest means I can’t breathe. “I’m very worried that I’m now getting to a point where I will be permanently disabled because of it.” Anji started wearing a bra aged seven due to precocious puberty — when the body starts changing too soon, according to the Mayo Clinic. She said: “They grew relatively quickly. I remember going through the alphabet all by the time I was about 13. “At 14, that’s when I started to grow quite exponentially because that was when my puberty was in full stride. I went from an E to an H. “I got used to the idea of hiding away because I didn’t want people to see. “It was also a topic of discussion with the girls and boys in my school and people would leer and stare downwards. “I remember when I told my ‘friends’ my cup size, then a double-G size, they said ‘you’re not called Anji anymore, you’re called An-GG’.” Anji said she started going to her GP at the age of 13, begging for a breast reduction, and then to doctors in Preston, Lancashire, while studying at university. After going back and forth to her doctors “weekly”, Anji says she was repeatedly told to simply lose weight. She said: “Doctors often seem to think that if I lost weight my breasts would go smaller. “It’s this perpetual cycle of going to the doctors, being dismissed and being told ‘oh we can only help you if you lose weight’. “Doctors have watched me for years trying to lose weight and I definitely think an element of why I can’t is because I can’t do the exercise.” Anji, who weighs 308 pounds, lost 28 pounds last year but said she “quickly plateaued”. The size of her breasts, and how much they sag, make it difficult for her to exercise, she said. “I’ve done so many diets, I’ve gone to the doctors, they’ve had me go to dieticians but nothing’s working,” Anji said. Anji said doctors have concluded she has gigantomastia, which is exponential growth of excessive breast tissue usually caused by hormonal spikes. The sheer agony of carrying such heavy breasts has meant Anji, who has limited mobility, is struggling in her work as a performer. She said some days she “can’t move out of bed” and has to use two walking sticks. At her wit’s end, Anji has decided to take matters into her own hands and is fundraising to get surgery done privately. She said: “This year I’ve been at an all-time low with my back pain, I do fear that it’s just going to get worse and worse. “Friends said if I set up a GoFundMe page they’d donate and I’ve had so much support already, which is absolutely amazing. “If I got the surgery it would be life-changing. If I was going to get this surgery it would quite literally be a weight lifted off my shoulders.” Anji’s GP surgery were contacted for comment but failed to respond. NHS Greater Preston CCG is unable to provide comment on individual patient cases. You can donate to Anji’s page here. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.