Johnny Depp snapped a selfie with an admiring fan in a UK print shop this week — as he enjoys the break from his bombshell defamation trial against ex-wife Amber Heard. The “Pirates of the Caribbean” star was shopping for art prints and frames at an East Sussex store called King and McGaw at around 5 p.m. on Wednesday, Emma Wishart, whose husband Stephen works at the shop, told The Post. “Unfortunately I wasn’t there but my husband was thrilled!,” Wishart said in a message Thursday. Her hubby and Depp took a photo together, showing the two men smiling and the actor with his hands on the shopkeeper’s shoulders. Depp “was very nice and relaxed and they had a chat about guitars,” she said, adding that the actor didn’t buy anything, but may come back. In the selfie, which Wishart posted to Twitter, Depp is pictured in sunglasses, which he has often kept on in the courtroom during his highly-watched trial in Fairfax, Virginia. A rep for Depp, 58, confirmed to The Post Thursday that the actor is indeed in Sussex. The Wisharts “both admire him very much,” Emma said, but “are a bit old for too much adoration.” While she hasn’t been following the trial very closely, “of course it has been impossible to not hear anything at all,” the Briton added. “I don’t like that their private life is displayed for public entertainment and I haven’t purposely read or watched anything.” The Post exclusively reported Wednesday that Depp was overseas as the court proceedings are on recess. “Johnny is in Europe taking some time out to rest for a few days, hang out with old friends, playing music, and is taking long walks in the countryside,” a source close to him said. The “Edward Scissorhands” actor sued Heard, 36, for $50 million in defamation over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed piece she penned in which she called herself “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” Heard did not name Depp in the essay. But his attorneys argue it still smeared him — and cost him millions — because it was clearly referencing allegations of domestic abuse Heard made when she filed for divorce in 2016. The “Aquaman” actress has fired back with her own $100 million countersuit alleging Depp is carrying out a “smear campaign” to ruin her life. The two have been duking it out in a Virginia court for four weeks over the claims, though the proceedings went on break May 5, after Heard’s second day on the stand, and will resume Monday. Right before his failed libel suit against Britain’s The Sun in 2020, Depp went to Sussex to play music with his friend Jeff Beck and prepare for the case, according to a report from the time.