This blue-tone property won’t give its buyer the blues. A residence in Morocco that belonged to the late French painter and designer Jacques Majorelle — one that’s located mere steps from a famed tourist attraction in the city of Marrakech — has hit the market for $3.9 million, The Post has learned. If the name Majorelle sounds familiar, that’s because this villa, which has six bedrooms and seven full bathrooms across nearly 7,000 square feet, stands adjacent to the Jardin Majorelle. That spread, famous for the signature electric blue shade that coats the exterior of a Cubist villa on its grounds and certain features in its garden — a hue otherwise known as “Majorelle Blue” — attracts some 800,000 visitors per year. Not only is that vibrant compound a popular, and highly photographed, destination among international tourists — but it has also long been linked to one of the biggest names in fashion. Yves Saint Laurent and the co-founder of his fashion label, Pierre Bergé (the two had also been romantically linked, but split amicably), purchased the garden and that famed villa — which had also belonged to Majorelle beginning in the 1920s — in 1980 to save it from hotel development. Recently, the Jardin Majorelle site made its way to the screens of streamers, thanks to one infamous visitor: the “fake heiress” and convicted con artist Anna Delvey. In a chaotic episode of Netflix’s February-released drama miniseries “Inventing Anna,” which proclaims in its intro that not everything that appears on screen is true, Delvey refuses to pay for a $2,000 tour of the grounds. This listed property stands apart from those heavily trafficked grounds and scripted Netflix drama. It dates to the 1960s, according to the listing, and is nestled in its own garden — and even has its own touches of Majorelle Blue. Listing images show a Majorelle Blue-tiled pool, seat cushions in an outdoor lounge space with the same color, as well as the property’s exterior — which comes punctuated with typical Moroccan arched doorways. Given its prime location, the listing notes it would be “possible to operate a high-value business” from the property. Original features include terracotta paving stones. Inside, several living rooms surround an outdoor patio. The walls come adorned with traditional Moroccan tilework — and the structure comes with a couple of fireplaces, to boot. The bedrooms come with ensuite bathrooms and terraces, the listing adds. Outside, that pool comes shaded by multiple trees and jasmine plants. David Montérin, of Morocco Sotheby’s International Realty, has the listing.