On a steamy Saturday afternoon in The Bronx, the Yankees and White Sox turned up the temperature even more. Josh Donaldson and Tim Anderson reignited their feud — including what the White Sox said was a racist comment from Donaldson — and the teams traded barbs and runs before the Yankees came out on top with a 7-5 win. Even after the Yankees (29-10), sparked by a DJ LeMahieu grand slam, took a 5-0 lead in the second inning, they needed a few more insurance runs and a late shutdown effort from their bullpen to take the series opener over the White Sox (19-20). “We just got a lot of really good players that are playing well,” LeMahieu said. “It seems like it’s someone different every day carrying the team, so it’s been a lot of fun.” LeMahieu, who reached 10 years of major league service time on Saturday, celebrated by cracking the second grand slam of his career, to the short porch in right field, to put the Yankees up 5-0 in the second inning. Clay Holmes later locked down the save by pitching the final 1 ¹/₃ innings, with the help of what manager Aaron Boone called “the best sinker in the world.” It was Holmes’ second straight save in as many opportunities for the Yankees. Closer Aroldis Chapman has not pitched since last Tuesday, after giving up a run in four straight appearances. Nestor Cortes had cruised through eight innings of one-run ball against the White Sox last Sunday in Chicago, but they made him labor on Saturday. The lefty needed 69 pitches just to get through three innings (Jose Abreu hit a three-run homer in the third), but got through five with a 6-3 lead as he scattered six hits while striking out seven. The White Sox then got within 6-5 in the sixth inning when they used three doubles off Michael King to score two runs. The Yankees got a run back in the bottom of the inning, taking advantage of a leadoff walk to Kyle Higashioka. Aaron Judge later beat out an infield single to load the bases with one out for Anthony Rizzo, who lifted a sacrifice fly to left to make it a 7-5 lead. Jonathan Loaisiga then pitched a scoreless seventh before Miguel Castro and Holmes finished off the win “Guys are clicking on all cylinders,” Holmes said. “It’s been a fun team to be a part of so far.”