Prepare to watch as your life shifts before your eyes! May could be one of the most intense—and meaningful—months for you in 2022. As the planets shift, eclipses roar and we start to experience more planetary retrogrades, you’ll be feeling like you’re stepping into the center of a cyclone! Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Don’t forget to check out your monthly horoscope by me, too! Destiny has arrived! Eclipse season is the period of the year when we experience solar and lunar eclipses—intense moments that ancient people used to see as foreboding periods in time. Spiritually and astrologically, we see eclipses as extremely important because monumental beginnings, endings and turning points all happen within our lives. The solar eclipse in Taurus on April 30, 2022 will blast a doorway open to you, offering new beginnings and exciting adventures. May 15, 2022 will be a lunar eclipse in Scorpio—which will signal a dramatic, emotional and intense ending for you to face. Pay attention to your intuition and any synchronicities that take place. Technically we are in eclipse season until June 15, 2022, so buckle up! Mercury retrograde again?! Yes, it’s true. The dreaded Mercury retrograde phase will officially begin on May 10, 2022 and last until June 3, 2022. However, at the onset of May, you’ll already be feeling the slowdown of life, projects and plans. The greatest confusion will take place during the actual retrograde, but we’ll still be sorting details out until June 18, 2022. Don’t sign contracts, make promises, start a relationship or launch any new endeavor. In the mood for some ex drama? Well, then sure, you can hollaback, gurl. Let’s get ready to rumble! Many planets will move into Aries, the zodiac sign of the leader, this month. Venus, the planet of love, will bring passion and spice to our relationships from May 2 until May 28, 2022, while Mars, the planet of sex, will bring courage and lust to our lives from May 24 until July 5, 2022.Even more importantly, Jupiter, the planet of luck, will ignite our desires and confidence when it dances into Aries, too, from May 10 until October 28, 2022! Strike out into new territory to create the life of your dreams! Let’s blossom! Taurus season is the second season of the zodiac year and the true embodiment of spring in the northern hemisphere. During this period of the year, we focus on how we can build toward our greatest plans, hopes and dreams by using practicality, stamina and common sense. This is also a magnificent time to focus on our sensual and romantic desires, while enjoying the abundance of life! Treat yourself and live in the moment. You’re welcome. Be sure to check back for our monthly horoscope, too! May begins with a delightful, playful energy.  Harness this power and get things done! You might feel like these good times will last forever, but beware: change is approaching. By the 15th, a disruptive tide could bring unfinished business to a halt. Develop a routine, stick to it and take time to reflect after the 20th.  Good luck is strongest on the 3rd and the 18th. When it comes to relationships, the Spirit Animal deck lends a stable energy with the presence of the Buffalo. This grounded, yet highly spiritual animal helps us see challenges within relationships as opportunities for positive change. Its connection to Mother Earth activates our first chakra, rooting us in a feeling of deep trust and connecting us to the pure essence of our deepest bonds. This is a glass-half-full type of spirit, turning hardship into blessings in disguise. The Buffalo’s greatest gift to us in May is perhaps the realization that relationships are mirrors—and when we approach them with a serene attitude, we are truly open to learning from them. Life itself is pure bliss, and deep and honest connections are the vehicle that take us there. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. Visit KyleThomasAstrology.com for more information.