Ray Liotta’s last-known public moments conveyed happy times for the critically acclaimed actor. Liotta, 67, died in his sleep while filming “Dangerous Waters” in the Dominican Republic, according to reports Thursday. He was last seen in public holding his hands with his fiancée, Jacy Nittolo, 46, on May 1. The two were spotted in good spirits walking in Pacific Palisades, California, where Liotta lived, after enjoying a Sunday meal at Spruzzo Italian restaurant. The couple has been engaged since Christmas 2020. Liotta’s final social media post was just two days later, when he posted to Instagram about his upcoming project, the Elizabeth Banks-directed movie “Cocaine Bear,” which had targeted a February 2023 release. Liotta had several upcoming projects, according to IMDb, including “Cocaine Bear.” “Cocaine Bear follows an oddball group of cops, criminals, tourists and teens converging in a Georgia forest where a 500-pound apex predator has ingested a staggering amount of the white powder and goes on a coke-fueled rampage seeking more blow — and blood,” his post explained, along with a screenshot of a Hollywood Reporter article announcing the theatrical release of the movie, which is in post-production. The actor — known for classic roles in “Goodfellas,” “Field of Dreams” and “Grand Theft Auto: Vice City” — died in his sleep. His cause of death and other details were not known Thursday but his untimely death has come as a shock to many. Nittolo allegedly accompanied Liotta on set in the Dominican Republic while he was filming. She has not commented on the heartbreaking news. Meanwhile, Liotta’s “Goodfellas” co-star Robert De Niro shared his feelings about Liotta’s death with The Post. “I was very saddened to learn of Ray’s passing,” he said in a statement. “He is way too young to have left us. May he rest in peace.” Liotta’s IMDb page also lists the TV series “Black Bird” and film “El Tonto” — its name has reportedly been changed to an unknown title — as completed. He was reportedly also set to film “The Substance” and “April 29, 1992.” Liotta has 126 acting credits but is best known for his breakout role in the renowned 1990 Martin Scorsese flick “Goodfellas,” where he played New York mobster Henry Hill alongside De Niro and Joe Pesci. Liotta is survived by a daughter, Karsen, 23, with his first wife, actress and producer Michelle Grace.