New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. Nearing the end of the week, we look ahead to a weekend of sports action. Starting on Friday night, as the second round of the NBA playoffs continue. Dallas Mavericks play host to the Phoenix Suns in Game 3 of the Western Conference Semifinals on Friday. Phoenix leads this series, 2-0, but the Mavericks played competitively for the first 38 minutes of Game 2, but they collapsed over the final 10 minutes. This group looked dejected after that collapse, and it’s tough to see where they go from here. Fellow No.1 seeds Miami Heat hold a 2-0 lead over Philadelphia 76ers, and these two sides also meet on Friday. The 76ers once more got thumped in game three, losing by 16 points. Many think it would take a miracle for Philly to overturn the deficit, but we’ve seen it done before. The biggest event of the weekend happens inside the ring, coming from Las Vegas. Canelo Alvarez is jumping back up to 175 to challenge the undefeated WBA super light heavyweight champion Dmitry Bivol. After being promoted from interim champion up to regular champion, Bivol was ultimately promoted and recognized as the WBA super champion in October 2019 prior to facing Lenin Castillo. Bivol has a perfect 19-0 record, and he fought twice last year. Fresh off booking their place in the Champions League final, Liverpool entertain Tottenham in the Premier League this weekend. Spurs have european hopes of their own, fighting for fourth spot in the league. Kane and Son were on target last time out, as Spurs defeated Leicester 3-1. Elsewhere, Manchester United travel to Brighton, and Manchester City take on Newcastle.  21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Fan of SGP’s? Then you’ll love this promo. Place at least $25 on an NBA Same Game parlay between 5/2 and 5/15,  and you’ll receive a $10 free bet. What’s more, you can claim a $10 free bet every day until Sunday 15th, when you place a $25 SGP.  21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Place $20+ Same Game Parlays on MLB from Monday to Saturday with +1000 minimum odds, and if you win receive a $100 free bet! 