Jeff McNeil’s scorching bat is one the Mets don’t want to lose for an extended stretch. To that end, manager Buck Showalter took a proactive approach Sunday, placing McNeil on the bench because of unspecified “wear and tear” on his legs. McNeil pinch-hit in the ninth inning and was retired in the Mets’ 5-4 win over the Phillies at Citi Field. “He obviously has been a real active guy,” Showalter said before the game. “But just trying to be more preventative, trying to get ahead of something that might turn into something if we don’t take some precautions here and there.” McNeil spent a month on the injured list last season with a strained left hamstring. This year he’s been among the team’s offensive heroes, with a .319/.374/.466 slash line, shuffling between second base and left field. Nick Plummer, who was recalled from Triple-A Syracuse on Saturday, received the start in left field with Luis Guillorme at second base. Brandon Nimmo was absent from the starting lineup for a second straight game after receiving a cortisone shot for a sprained right wrist. Mark Canha started in center field for a second straight game. Tylor Megill indicated he will likely begin throwing live batting practice within the next few days as he rehabs from right biceps inflammation. Once he faces hitters, Megill said he will likely need one or two minor league rehab starts before he can rejoin the rotation. James McCann expects to have his stitches removed this week, following surgery to repair the hamate bone in his left wrist. McCann has been throwing, catching with a glove on his right hand and swinging a bat with his top (right) hand until he can progress in his workouts. McCann, who underwent the surgery on May 17, hopes to return before the normal six-week period. The Mets acquired utilityman JT Riddle from the Reds for cash and assigned him to Triple-A Syracuse. In honor of Memorial Day, Mets players visited the USS Bataan, a World War II ship that is docked in New York as part of Fleet Week celebrations. Players received a private tour of the ship by the commanding officer and met with the active-duty service members who live on board.