Saturday night fever is stayin’ alive in New York City. From a Little Italy red-sauce joint to a Bushwick party spot, local bars and restaurants are putting the 1970s spice back in nightlife with groovy decor and the classic tunes to match. “Disco brought everyone together in one room — it didn’t make a difference what you looked like or who you were. Now, we’re seeing a younger generation embrace the music and good times our parents grew up with,” Roman Grandinetti, a partner at newly opened Manero’s on Mulberry, told The Post. Get hip to these seven new spots. Named for John Travolta’s Tony Manero, the pizza-scarfing hero of the classic 1977 flick “Saturday Night Fever,” this Little Italy red-sauce joint is reminiscent of Lenny’s in Brooklyn, immortalized in that film. The restaurant’s tiny restroom is outfitted with a disco ball and photos of Travolta, adorned with instructions like, “No smoking cigarettes or those funny electric things! You understand?” The menu features Italian staples and drink highlights like the Grace Jones (a concoction of vodka, pepperoncini and spicy oil for $15), described as a “funky take on a dirty martini,” and the Steph Moves to Madison (a mix of vodka, espresso and Sambuca, also for $15). Guests will soon be able to sip cocktails and get grooving outside on the restaurant’s private outdoor garden patio when it opens later this spring with a DJ spinning Studio 54 hits on Saturdays. Guests have been known to start dance parties in the backroom after dinner, too. 113 Mulberry St.; (212) 961-6183. Maneros.Pizza.com An unmarked door in a former warehouse leads into Ciao Ciao, a 1970s Rome-inspired cocktail bar that opened in Williamsburg last month. Open Thursday through Sunday, the unofficial aperitivo hour starts at 7 p.m., with pre-dinner drinks and salty snacks such as artichoke-spread crostini ($10), and prosciutto and melon ($14). Sip a medley of Negronis and spritzes, like the $15 Disco Spritz (digestif liqueur, elderflower liqueur and lemon soda); and the Ciao Ciao Negroni (strawberry-infused digestif liqueur, Martini Rosso vermouth and gin, also $15). “We have created Ciao Ciao as if it’s the late 1970s, and you are strolling along the side streets of Trastevere on a beautiful day, and you stumble upon a hidden gem of a spot, and end up having the night of your life,” Brad Gallagher, co-founder of Freehold Hospitality, which owns Ciao Ciao, told The Post. Beyond the bar, the room opens up into a discoteque, where the glittering disco ball twirls and lights pulse to tunes from Diana Ross and the Bee Gees when the light-up, neon-colored dance floor fills up around 10 p.m. There’s a live DJ and mirrored walls, too. 97 N. 10th St., Brooklyn; no phone. CiaoCiaoDisco.com Let the good times roll. Starting June 16, Roller skaters will be welcome to glide through Central Park’s Wollman Rink. The groovy launch, dubbed DiscOasis, will look and feel like a real roller disco, with the design by three-time Tony Award nominee David Korins. Theatrical performances, live DJs, artists and other special guests are also on tap with hits like “Le Freak” and “Everybody Dance” from iconic funk group Chic. Grammy-winning Nile Rodgers serves as the official “groovemaster.” Wollman Rink in Central Park, 830 Fifth Ave.; tickets start at $19. WollmanRinkNYC.com This bi-level, 5,000-square-foot bar and events space opened last month, and while it’s  named for the ’90s-era song “No Aloha” by the Breeders, make no mistake — disco is the star of the show. Mirror balls spin on both floors. Pink halls ascend to the second level where there’s a stage for DJs and live music. The disco fun expands on Sunday, May 29, when the restaurant launches its weekly 1970s-themed brunch. The $45 prix fixe menu includes a choice of mains, including Cajun eggs Benedict, pancakes, avocado toast and steak and eggs; and one mimosa, screwdriver or Bloody Mary cocktail per meal. There will be a DJ on hand to bring the funk. Disco-themed attire is encouraged, though not required. 17 Ingraham St., Brooklyn; 347-599-0127. NoAloha.bar Boogie down at this Midtown soiree hyped by organizers as the “best disco dance party in New York City.” Every Friday night since March, Midtown space Casa Events has played host to a “Latin Hustle” dance class starting at 8 p.m., which then unfolds into a full-blown disco bonanza. Prepare for a sea of sequins, platforms, bell-sleeve crop tops and glitter at this Studio 54-inspired nightlife scene. The spectacle comes alive with a real-life Roller Girl skating on the dance floor and an aerialist taking the party to new heights. Happy hour starts at 8 p.m., as well, with 2-for-1 “disco drinks” such as the classic Tequila Sunrise and Tom Collins. Meanwhile, MixMaster Eddie D. keeps the party going with a sizzling disco soundtrack. 625 W. 51st St.; general admission is $20, advance tickets (purchased 48 hours ahead) are $10. CasaEventsNYC.com Calling all dancing queens! NYC-based ABBA fans can hustle over to West Village nightclub Le Poisson Rouge, which is hosting a touring ABBA event on Saturday, June 4. Starting at 11 p.m., the DJ-based dance party celebrates ABBA’s greatest hits, from “Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)” to “Mamma Mia.” Songs from Cher, the Bee Gees and more will be featured as well. This crowd comes dressed to party, so you might stick out if you coming in anything but sequins, bell bottoms or go-go boots. 158 Bleecker St.; tickets start at $17.36. GimmeGimmeDisco.com Below the new East Village restaurant Brasserie Saint Marc is a speakeasy-inspired bar Saint Downstairs, opening Friday, May 27, honoring the grit and glam of Saint Mark’s Place.  Inspired by Andy Warhol-era party days with a glowing glass light fixture shaped like a disco ball and neon lights bouncing off the mirrored walls, the swanky space features floral murals reminiscent of Warhol’s iconic prints. Starting May 31, the dance floor will have rotating DJs throwing it back with hits from the ’70s and ’80s. Expect playfully named cocktails like Holy Water (a melange of coconut oil fat-washed rum, lime, milk, tea and agave, for $17), and Redemption (a mix of gin, botanical liqueur, Avèze Gentiane Liqueur, also $17). 136 Second Ave., open Wednesday through Saturday at 7 p.m.; (646) 490-0099. SaintNY.com.