Brava, Nicole Gelinas (“Foul and Fare,” Post­Opinion, April 28). Finally, someone has spoken the truth about most of the MTA’s finance problems. Fare evasion has been around since the start of the New York City subway system, so why is it only being addressed now, after years of dollars being lost to by repeat fare-evaders? I lived in New York City from 1993-2001, so I remember occasional fare-jumpers, usually late at night in the Village going home — but not the raging problem it’s become. Why haven’t the turnstiles been redesigned to prevent this problem from happening? Come on, MTA. Think outside the box. People don’t magically change their habits unless they are forced to. Redesign the station turnstiles while modernizing the system, and you’ll see this problem disappear. Brian Hilla-Barris Cape Coral, Fla. With all the money that the MTA loses because of turnstile jumping, has not one overpaid engineer over there ever attempted to design a different system, more akin to, say, a MetroCard-controlled, floor-to-ceiling revolving door? Joe Cesare, Copiague Under normal circumstances, the MTA would be well within its rights to crack down on fare evasion, but first get the subway cameras working and make the subways safe for straphangers. The city keeps its traffic-light cameras in working condition to fine traffic violators, so the MTA should be able to do the same when more than money is involved. And before siccing fare inspectors on New Yorkers, use your manpower to stop the platform pushers, hate criminals, hammer assailants, feces attackers and other malefactors. Get your on-time performance back on track, and maybe New Yorkers won’t not mind paying for transit, like in the past. In other words, get your priorities straight, MTA. Nobody wants to pay transit fare to be made late, punched, slashed, groped, smeared with human waste, bombed, shot – and who knows what else next. Gilbert Colon Manhattan While it’s good to know the MTA is making some effort to focus on the crime taking place in our subway system, I cannot see the point of assembling a panel to combat fare evaders. Wasn’t there a time not too long ago when police stopped fare jumpers and even checked to see if they had outstanding warrants for their arrest? Turnstile jumpers can only be stopped if they know there is punishment for fare evasion. As long as police are followed around by morons who think it is their duty to practically stand on top of them, recording with their phones every time they try to enforce the law, the law will never be enforced. The left has done a very good job of convincing simple-minded people that law enforcement is the enemy. Until that perception is changed and cops have a reasonable degree of protection with the backing of the mayor and other officials, sadly, nothing will change. Catherine Adago Manhattan Let me see if I can predict the results of a subway fare-evasion crack down: Cops will start bagging the people bum-rushing and storming the turnstiles. Like the slashings, shootings, track-pushings and other mayhem being perpetrated on subway riders of all races, the overwhelming majority committing the fare evasion will be people of color. The zeros on the left will then blame everything on systematic racism, and try to convince New Yorkers that these people are victims — and nothing will get done. Jake McNicholas Whitestone Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.