Adreian Payne was shot and killed Monday morning after the former NBA player had a dispute with a man named Lawrence Dority outside Dority’s Orlando, Fla., residence, according to police. In court documents, obtained by TMZ, the Orange County Sheriff’s Office said Dority’s “act was a premeditated killing.” Dority, 29, was arrested and charged with first-degree murder with a firearm. Dority pleaded not guilty to the charge of first-degree murder on Tuesday, TMZ reported. As of Tuesday, jail records show that Dority remains behind bars. According to the legal documents, a witness told police that Payne arrived at Dority’s home to possibly act as a “mediator” between Dority and his girlfriend. The witness reportedly said Dority and his alleged partner “have a relationship where they argue often.” The Detroit Free Press, which cited a police affidavit, reported that Payne’s girlfriend told police that the couple had asked to come to Dority’s residence to assist Dority’s girlfriend, Tatiana Mesa. Payne’s girlfriend’s name was redacted in the police report. According to TMZ, per the legal documents, Dority told police that Payne “had no business being at his residence this late at night,” and that he perceived Payne’s “presence as a threat.” Police said Dority claimed Payne made “movements with his right hand in the right side of his waistband,” before telling Dority, “I’ll smoke you, brah.” According to police, Dority then entered his home, grabbed a firearm, went back outside, and fired one round at Payne, before he returned to his residence. Dority allegedly told cops he was “protecting his family and protecting his home” and that “his actions were justified.” After conducting an immediate investigation — which included witness interviews and a review of surveillance footage — police determined Payne was “not threatening Dority in any way.” Police said, per the legal documents, that Payne did not have a firearm in his possession. Payne, 31, was transported to a local hospital, where he died from his injuries. After the news of Payne’s death broke on Monday, the basketball community, including his former college teammates and fellow NBA players, shared their condolences on social media. Payne played at Michigan State, where he was alongside his best friend Draymond Green for two seasons. The 15th overall pick by the Hawks in the 2014 draft, Payne played four seasons in the NBA. His career also included short stints with the Timberwolves and Magic. Following his NBA departure after the 2017-18 season, Payne played internationally in Greece, China and Lithuania.