Former Staten Island congressman Max Rose ripped Rep. Mondaire Jones, a fellow New York Democrat, on Tuesday for abandoning his own Hudson Valley district to run for re-election in far-away Brooklyn. The salvo was the latest to be fired by one Democrat at another in the New York Democratic  civil war that resulted from the state party leaders’ illegal gerrymandering of election district lines. Rose, who announced he will run in a tough rematch against the woman who ousted him, incumbent Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis in the 11th CD that takes in all of Staten Island and parts of southern Brooklyn, said in a tweet, “I’m not going to sell my soul so people can call me congressman again.” “What kind of message does it send when Democrats run away to different districts because they think having to earn the votes of Republicans and Independents means their political career is over?” said Rose “If we can only win in seats where Joe Biden won by more than ten points then we will never build the coalition we need to end gun violence, protect a woman’s right to choose, and make this country affordable. And frankly, the Democratic Party doesn’t deserve to win if it’s willing to give up earning the trust of every American.” Rose was one of the big losers when the congressional maps derided as a “Hochulmander” — because they were approved by Gov. Kathy Hochul and Albany Democrats  — were struck down by the courts as partisan gerrymandering. Under the Democrat-drawn maps, the 11th Congressional District would have stretched from more conservative Staten Island to the left-leaning precincts in Park Slope and Sunset Park, giving Rose a better shot at reclaiming the seat. Rose had defeated GOP incumbent Dan Donovan in 2018 in the blue wave election but lost to challenger Malliotakis, a popular former state assemblywoman, in 2020. But the redrawn map done by court-appointed special master Jonathan Cervantes makes the 11th CD look much like it does currently — taking in all of Staten Island as well as more conservative neighborhoods in southern Brooklyn on the other side of the Verrazano Narrows Bridge, such as Dyker Heights, Bay Ridge and Bensonhurst. “The Democrats ignored the will of New Yorkers and drafted maps that would ensure one party rule for the next decade. They overplayed their hand and got caught by the courts and now they have to pay the price. New Yorkers shouldn’t shed tears for the party that’s brought us high crime and record inflation,” Malliotakis said in a statement. Mondaire Jones’ redrawn 17th CD in the Hudson Valley would have pitted him against fellow Democratic Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney, the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Committee, who preferred to run in the 17th instead of his 18th CD, or Rep. Jamaal Bowman, whose 16th district was redrawn and put him in a potential collision course with Jones.