Video of a woman’s moldy breast implants has shocked millions on social media. Vlogger Bunnie DeFord shared a video on TikTok showing the two “disgusting” implants that she had removed in 2019, after 13 years of augmentation. The footage, posted Monday, shows DeFord’s hand reach into a gallon-sized Ziploc bag to reveal the old implants. There, floating in each approximately 1-pound orb of saline, were globs of orange mold. “They’ve just been sitting,” she says in the video while jiggling the clouded, translucent orb between her fingers. “Look at that. That goes inside a human body. Look at the mold. No wonder women are having so many complications with these things.” DeFord, host of the Dumb Blonde podcast, went on to share her experience with a controversial disease called breast implant illness. “I started suffering so many symptoms that not one doctor could pinpoint,” the caption reads. But after getting her implants removed “all symptoms went away, except anxiety sometimes.” DeFord claims her explant — when an implant is removed — was the “best decision” she ever made. “Please make sure to talk to someone if you think your implants are causing Breast implant illness. We don’t have to suffer on our quest for perfection babies” she wrote in text over the video. “I am so thankful I had my breasts explanted. Women if you’re suffering from any sort of symptoms definitely check out BII and this is what the inside of your breast probably look like,” DeFord said. In 2019, the blond bombshell took followers on her journey to get her breast implants removed. She repeatedly expressed how “scared” she was to have the intense surgery but claimed she had 10 to 15 symptoms of BII and needed to have them removed. She explained that in recent years her anxiety had become so crippling that she couldn’t be around large crowds and felt like she was on acid when she was in public constantly having out of body experiences and needing to go home. “I just want the foreign objects out of my body,” DeFord explained in a 2019 YouTube vlog. DeFord was also fed up with having extremely large breasts and wanted to return to a more natural and unique look. She shared that her boobs continued to grow as she got older and that she no longer wanted to look like “everyone else.” “My boobs are entirely too big for my body” she insisted. “There is such a thing as having too much titty.” The beauty told her viewers that she used to want to emulate Pamela Anderson. “You don’t realize that 10 years later you’re not gonna wanna look like that. I wanna be my own person. I don’t wanna be a bleach blond with big tits,” she said during her explant dispatch. In another frightening reveal, DeFord later claimed that surgeons had also removed a chunk of scar tissue that was just as large as her implant. For those who suffer from BII, symptoms may not appear for months after surgery, and tend to appear slowly when they do. Pain, inflammation, skin rashes, hair loss, brain fog, joint aches, digestive issues and fatigue are some of the commonly reported symptoms by those who believe their implants are making them sick. However, many cosmetic surgeons maintain that BII is not real, and that their symptoms must stem from issues unrelated to their implants. Refusing to suffer in silence, online forums, such as the private Facebook group for HealingBreastImplantIllness.com, which boasts nearly 145,000 members, have formed as a support group for those afflicted with the mysterious disease. The condition is not recognized by medical texts as no studies have firmly concluded that the procedure could prompt illness — leading to stigma that suggests these patients made it all up. Women who have implants are known to be at a higher risk of developing a rare type of lymphoma (BIA-ALCL) of the breast, which can be treatable with surgical removal of the implant and resulting tumor, according to the American Society of Plastic Surgery. DeFord has settled back into her natural self and continues to flaunt her assets across social media. She called her breast explant “one of the most liberating and freeing things you can do for your body.”