The Issue: The leak of a draft decision that shows the Supreme Court is prepared to overturn Roe v. Wade. No matter what side of the aisle you stand on with regards to Roe v. Wade, the fact that this drafted opinion was leaked is the biggest issue at play (“Contempt of court,” May 4). The judicial branch of our government has to be held to the highest standards and conduct in our land. It’s imperative that the citizens of this great nation have complete trust and faith in the process from beginning to end. Joe Salvatore Blue Point Personally, I support abortion. I vote for pro-abortion lawmakers. But, as Edward Whelan’s article on Justice Samuel Alito’s reasoning points out, you don’t have to be against abortion to see that the decision in Roe v. Wade was flawed. There is absolutely nothing in the 14th Amendment that even implies a right to privacy. I want to keep abortion legal, like everyone else, but there should be a law that makes it legal. Not an unfounded court ruling. Ed Frond Weeping Willow, Ne. The leak of the Roe v. Wade draft decision was a tragic blow to Supreme Court confidentiality. Sen. Chuck Schumer’s making remarks about the draft decision, while saying nothing about the leak, shows how the Democratic leader, party members and abortion activists think. To them, it’s all about the politics of abortion and not about the law. Schumer is also being hypocritical and disingenuous by implying that abortions will be banned nationally. Abortions will still be allowed. Every state, as per the draft decision — if it even becomes the majority decision — can make its own decision about allowing abortions. Harold Fishman Manhattan Now that the Supreme Court is poised to overturn Roe v. Wade, there is outrage on both sides of the aisle. Democrats (rightly so) are outraged that the ruling decided 50 years ago is about to be overturned, despite only 28 percent of Americans being in favor of doing so. Republicans are outraged at the news being leaked. Republicans always preach that they want to keep government out of the private lives of American citizens. I guess that doesn’t pertain to a woman’s uterus. Robert LaRosa Whitestone I don’t understand the furor over the pending Supreme Court decision. The court won’t ban abortion, but simply allow the people in each state the right to choose their own abortion laws. Isn’t that what the left wants, the right to choose? The person who leaked this information did so for political reasons — to deter the country from focusing on the disastrous policies of this administration. Al D’Angelo The Bronx The Supreme Court appears to be prepared to overturn Roe v. Wade. If so, it’s up to the legislative branch to craft a new law, conforming to the Constitution, that protects abortion — if that’s what the public wants. The executive branch should condemn the leaking of Alito’s draft, which it hasn’t, and explain why Roe was overturned. Instead, it panders for votes. The leak itself was immoral and an attempt to influence the court’s final decision on this vitally important issue. Hopefully, it will not. Mel Young Boca Raton, Fla. Instead of speculating about who leaked the draft Supreme Court’s decision concerning Roe v. Wade, both the right and the left must hold their horses. It is neither theatrics nor histrionics for women to be concerned that right-leaning judges of the Supreme Court are poised to overturn Roe v. Wade or modify it. Justice Brett Kavanaugh may be one of those justices, even though he said Roe v. Wade was settled law while being confirmed. It is high time Supreme Court justices had term limits and an enforceable, written code of conduct to restore the public’s faith in the highest court of America, whose approval rating among the public is nothing to brag about. Usha Nellore Bel Air, Md. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.