Politicians, the media and citizens across the nation are united in denouncing the white man who slaughtered 10 black people at a Buffalo supermarket. There is also fury at how he was able to buy the rifle he used months after cops ordered a mental-health evaluation following an earlier threat to carry out a ­shooting. Yet despite the anger and wall-to-wall media coverage, largely unsaid is what the punishment should be. That’s at least partially because New York doesn’t allow the obvious answer — the death penalty. Although the Empire State has not carried out an execution since 1963, it had the law on the books for many years until 2007. So even if a county district attorney wanted to seek the ultimate punishment in this case, the state legal code doesn’t allow it. But federal law does. And if President Biden considers the massacre to be as heinous as he claimed in his Tuesday remarks in Buffalo, he will direct Attorney General Merrick Garland to have federal prosecutors take over the case and, if they win a conviction, seek the death penalty. Already the FBI and other federal agencies are involved in the investigation, so it would not be unusual for the feds to go the whole way and prosecute the case under federal law, which offers several other advantages as well as the death penalty. If ever a case called out for capital punishment, this is it. There seems no doubt that the arrested suspect, Payton Gendron, went hunting for black people, murdered as many as he could and planned a second assault if he survived the first. His “manifesto” reflects an evil that should find no resting place in this world, even behind bars. Because he is just 18 years old, keeping Gendron alive merely to keep him in an expensive maximum lockup for the rest of his natural life is both pointless and inadequate. He deserves to die by lethal injection as soon as possible. Besides, if the case stays in the state system, even assuming conviction there is always the chance that a bleeding-heart governor would grant clemency or a parole board would do the dirty deed. The roster of cop killers and other fiends released during the tenure of the disgraced Andrew Cuomo was emblematic of Albany’s wholesale decision to go soft on crime in recent years. Many state prosecutors contracted the see-no-evil disease, with part of the reason being what proponents call the disparate racial impact. But the case at hand is one where the accused killer is white and the victims are black, and still there is nary a mention of the death penalty. As such, the case presents a huge dilemma for Democrats, including Biden. We can assume his predecessor would not have hesitated to have his AG take the case. Under Donald Trump, the Department of Justice carried out 13 federal executions, the first breaking a hiatus of 17 years, and the total being more than under any president in nearly 70 years. Nearly all those executed had been on Death Row for many years. In response to attacks from the usual suspects, the Justice Department under Bill Barr issued a statement saying that “Seeking the death penalty and carrying out capital sentences is not a political issue, nor have political considerations influenced the department’s decisions. The death penalty is a law enforcement and public safety issue.” Because all the inmates had exhausted their appeals, the statement also said “the department is obligated to carry forward these sentences regardless of who is the president or the attorney general.” Biden, as a candidate for president, said he opposed the death penalty and Garland last July declared a moratorium on federal executions, saying, “Serious concerns have been raised about the continued use of the death penalty across the country, including arbitrariness in its application, disparate impact on people of color, and the troubling number of exonerations in capital and other serious cases.” But as the Los Angeles Times pointed out, the Biden administration simultaneously argued for the death sentence of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev before the Supreme Court after a lower court tossed it out. The Supremes reinstated the sentence, and so now Biden faces pressure from the left to commute Tsarnaev’s sentence. While each case is different, Biden would be hard pressed to defend executing Tsarnaev while not at least prosecuting Gendron under federal law so execution is an option. Meanwhile, Democrats and most of the media seem determined to use the Buffalo case as a political rallying cry. The confluence of the election calendar and the massacre created a temptation they cannot resist. Or, as Rahm Emanuel famously said in a different context: “You never want a serious crisis to go to waste. And what I mean by that is an opportunity to do things that you think you could not do before.” In this case, what Biden and his fellow travelers hope to do is salvage their hides in the midterms by linking Gendron to Republicans. It’s a desperate move, but they are desperate people. In fairness, much of what Biden said in Buffalo needed to be said. Invoking faith and Scripture, he spoke gently to the families while also speaking forcefully about Gendron. He accurately called him a “white supremacist” and correctly said the shooting was a clear case of “domestic terrorism.” Had he stopped there, it would have been a powerful, effective address. But Biden, sinking beneath the horizon in polls and his party facing a midterm wipeout, didn’t stop there. Reminiscent of Hillary Clinton’s “deplorables” remark, he effectively divided America into two groups. The one that agrees with the Democrats’ agenda versus everybody else. In his foolish formulation, he was suggesting that many of his political opponents subscribe to the “replacement theory” Gendron embraced. “As president of the United States, I travel the world all the time,” Biden said. “And other nations ask me, heads of state in other countries ask me, what’s going on? What in God’s name happened on January 6th? What happened in Buffalo? They’ll ask.” The attempt to link the massacre to Trump supporters doesn’t get more overt. But the prize for the most inflammatory effort goes to Sen. Majority Leader Chuck Schumer. He was Biden’s wingman and tried to tie the Buffalo case around the neck of Fox News, and its most popular anchor, Tucker Carlson. It was all smear by implication and even The New York Times had to admit “There is no indication that the killer adopted his ideas from cable news.” But what are facts when there is an election approaching? It’s the equivalent of bringing gasoline to the fire, then denouncing the arsonist. Indeed, Biden and Schumer are doing the very thing they accuse their opponents of doing, which in Biden’s words is casting aside decency to pursue “power and profits.” Well, well, pot meet kettle.