The regal entrance on Seventh Avenue is still embalmed in a clutter of construction, meaning it’s easy to get turned around if you’re looking for the famous marquee. It feels like they have been rebuilding Madison Square Garden — inside and outside, the basketball team and the hockey team — since eight-day bike races used to dominate that marquee. But that’s OK. Tuesday night, New York City won’t need a road map to find the best place in town. Tuesday night, starting maybe an hour before quitting time, the folks will gather at Mustang Harry’s and Jack Doyle’s, at Lucy’s and Tir na Nog and The Keg Room, all of them in their sacred blue vestments. And after an hour of warm-up and perhaps a Guinness or two, all you need to do is follow that great blue wave as it crawls toward the Garden, toward the first round of the NHL playoffs, Rangers versus Penguins in what — your lips to God’s ears — might be as close to playoff nirvana as the law allows. Rangers center Andrew Copp spoke the other day of “just the even-keel mentality. If you win Game 1 of the first round, it doesn’t mean you won the Stanley Cup. And if you lose Game 1, doesn’t mean you’re going home in four. Probably just keep that even-keel mentality. It’s a long series, but it’s a short series, too.” That kind of logic and professionalism is why the Rangers are where they are, why on Tuesday they will play their first postseason game at the Garden in 1,820 days, a drought that stretches back to May 9, 2017, a 4-2 loss to Ottawa that halted that season’s playoff aspirations. Henrik Lundqvist was in goal that night. Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider scored the goals. And then five years pass, in an eyeblink. And the Rangers joined in with the rest of the New York sporting chorus, all nine pro teams taking turns singing “Wait Till Next Year,” Next Year never arriving for any of them. To recap, since the Giants won Super Bowl 46 on Feb. 5, 2012, there have been exactly zero championships, and as many near-misses. Our baseball teams won five playoff series between them. Our football teams have won zero playoff games. Our basketball teams have won three postseason series, and this year’s Nets — tin men with big reputations and microscopic hearts — were the only NBA playoff team that couldn’t win even once. This is the kind of ineptitude that has become a standard in our town. Only in hockey have we tasted anything close to what we are allowed to feel now. The Rangers made a run to the Stanley Cup final in 2014, and back to the conference finals a year later. The Devils made the Cup final a few months after the Giants won the Super Bowl. And the Islanders won five playoff series the last two seasons. Now, the spotlight is back on the Rangers. And all due respect to NYCFC, which won the MLS crown last year, we are still a town that defines itself by the four major sports. We are still a city that craves a Cup, a Commissioner’s Trophy, a Lombardi Trophy and an O’Brien Trophy. We jones for a parade, standing idly by as the Canyon of Heroes has gone unoccupied for a decade. Will the Rangers end that tour through the desert? Probably not. Could they? Well, why not? Teams get hot. Players get on epic rolls, sometimes out of the sky. Eli Manning suddenly hits every receiver with an inch of opening. Daniel Murphy turns into Lou Gehrig for two unimaginable weeks. Marty Brodeur simply refuses to let a puck sneak behind him. What, you can’t envision the words “Igor Shesterkin” and “stood on his head” in the same paragraph several times across the next few months? So they will all take part in that merry march Tuesday, the joyous crawl from the parking lots and Penn Station to the surrounding saloons and taverns and then back, to Seventh Avenue, to the marquee, with an eclectic array of numbers on their backs — some 2s, some 11s, some 7s, some 10s, some 93s and some 20s — and one unifying shade of blue everywhere else on their jerseys. The Rangers take their shot Tuesday night, with their old friends from Pittsburgh in the house. Can the puck drop already? Like … now?