That’s a wrap for the 10th NYCxDESIGN Festival, a 10-day celebration of design across the five boroughs of New York City. Each year, hundreds of events from open studio tours, designer talks, to public installations and large trade shows like the International Contemporary Furniture Fair happen simultaneously, attracting over 300,000 visitors from all around the world who come to be inspired by innovative design. Here are few of our favorite pieces by local designers. Since 2011 the WantedDesign Manhattan’s Launch Pad program, which coincides with ICFF at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, has provided emerging designers the opportunity to break into the industry and make valuable connections. For Filipino-American artist and designer Cheyenne Concepcion, the experience has been life changing. “I feel very lucky to be a part of this talented group,” she said. “Hearing the processes and stories behind fellow designer’s work was inspiring and I think I’ll be a better designer because of it. I know I’ve made connections during this program that I’ll hold onto for a very long time.” Conception debuted her new Reclaim Collection of furniture and accessories made with hand-woven cane, White Oak Wood and bent steel with a powder coated finish. The Doña Chair, a nesting stool set, totemic sculptures, and circular mirror complete the collection all made to order with a 10-14 week lead time. The Reclaim collection was inspired by the iconic peacock chair which given its rich yet forgotten history has been reimagined in these new pieces. “Creating the collection was a very personal exploration in form, heritage and materiality,” she said. “I take cues from the iconic chair like its distinct hourglass shape and handwoven detail and I remixed it with my aesthetic that is rooted in California modernism.” Boa, the mononymous principal designer at OI Studio, a custom furniture and design firm now based in LA, showcased her new Drop Collection which included a sleek daybed covered in a custom illustrative fabric designed by Haitian textile designer, Valérie Louis. The fabric, entitled “Past Connection” resonated with Boa. “The representation of powerful women of African descent is meant to honor the past, while inspiring the current and future,” she said. Boa is sustainably minded in her design process so tends to work with less materials.  “Growing up in the Caribbean, I developed a creativity using simple, natural resources and an awareness of responsibility to our planet.” Mana Sazegara has a studio in the Financial District where she creates decorative objects, furniture and accessories. Her newest collection, “Wanderland” which debuted during WantedDesign + ICFF is a colorful assortment of wall pieces and seat objects that have a playful retro vibe. “This collection takes you wherever it wants, however, you have to take the first step,” said Sazegara. “When entered, it asks you to explore your boundaries and expand your imagination.” Around the corner, at ICFF, David Rozek, a Pennsylvania based designer and founder of Pandemic Design Studio showcased his wall mounted planters as a vibrant living wall. His custom modular planters are made to order from high fired ceramic stoneware making them all-weather proof and suitable for both indoors and outdoors. Regular maintenance is simplified with a drain hole and rubber plug featured in each panel. Rozek is careful to source his supplies locally and with a minimum footprint. “I make products that will last a lifetime and do not subscribe to the idea of a ‘throw away economy,'” he said. “I take sustainability very seriously and I am very conscientious about where the materials and our equipment comes from.” He created the panels because he couldn’t find another option for displaying a favorite plant, the Staghorn Fern which naturally drapes over a wall. “I learned how to design and make things in architecture school and I treated this plant as my client,” he added. “I wanted to make a home for it that was specific to its needs.”