Cavaliers star Rajon Rondo allegedly pulled a gun on his former partner, Ashley Bachelor, and threatened to kill her in front of their two kids, according to TMZ. Bachelor was reportedly granted an emergency   protective order for herself and their son and daughter by a local judge in Rondo’s native Louisville last week. Rondo has not yet been arrested or charged, TMZ reported. According to TMZ, Bachelor alleges Rondo was playing video games with his son on May 11, when she asked the boy to separate laundry. Bachelor reportedly claimed that Rondo became enraged and ripped the game console out of the wall in front of their son. The two-time NBA champion then reportedly smashed other items, including a teacup, outdoor lights and trash cans. According to TMZ, Bachelor alleged Rondo threatened her life and said, “You’re dead,” when she attempted to “deescalate” the situation because their kids were visibly upset. “I am extremely fearful for my safety and for the safety of my children,” Bachelor said in the emergency order of protection, filed on May 13, according to TMZ. “Rajon has a history of volatile, erratic, explosive behavior. He is verbally, emotionally, and financially abusive. He physically hits our son and calls him names like ‘p—y’ and accuses him of acting like a ‘bitch.’ “Rajon verbally assaults our daughter. He calls her names like ‘thot, bitch, and d–khead.’ Rajon has made several threats on my life, saying at various times he will shoot me or shoot up my car.” Bachelor alleged Rondo temporarily left the home and returned 15 minutes later with a gun, and began banging the weapon on a window near the back door. When Bachelor reportedly asked Rondo to stop, he yelled, “Go get my f–king son!” According to TMZ, Bachelor complied out of fear Rondo would shoot her, and brought their son Pierre downstairs. The boy allegedly opened the door and Rondo “yanked him outside,” Bachelor said, alleging that Rondo was screaming at their son, asking why he was scared of his dad. Bachelor alleged Rondo eventually demanded their daughter to come outside, where he reportedly yelled at both kids for being afraid of him. Bachelor said Rondo eventually left the home after his mother and father both arrived, according to TMZ. Rondo has yet to address the reported incident. He is believed to be dating clothing designer Latoia Fitzgerald. Rondo, 36, just finished his 16th NBA season. The Cavaliers acquired the former Lakers point guard in January in a three-team trade.