There was constant cheering heard throughout Citi Field at a night game on Memorial Day, from recognition of the uniformed military personnel in attendance to highlights of goals scored by the Rangers shown on the scoreboard to the bevy of runs posted by the first-place Mets. The home crowd even chanted “Let’s Go Plummer” more than once for the new folk hero in town. David Peterson spotted the Nationals three runs in the top of the first inning Monday, but the Mets put up a dozen by the fourth on their way to their season-high fourth straight victory, 13-5, over Washington in Flushing. Nick Plummer, who had tied Sunday’s game against the Phillies with a ninth-inning homer for his first major league hit, and Starling Marte each went deep and drove in four runs apiece as the Mets improved to 33-17. This season also marks the first time since 1988 that the Mets and the Yankees are both in first place on Memorial Day. “Joy means you’re satisfied and there’s only one happy team at the end of the year,” Buck Showalter said after the game when asked about the Mets widening their lead in the NL East to 9 ½ games. “That’s the challenge, to try to win your division. “We’ve got over 100 games left. You can flip-flop the 50 we just played very easily. I don’t think [satisfaction] is the mentality any of our guys have.” Luis Guillorme, Marte and Lindor also combined for eight hits and reached base 10 times from the top three slots in the lineup with regular leadoff man Brandon Nimmo missing his third straight game with a wrist injury. And Pete Alonso mashed his 13th home run of the season in the eighth — earning him chants of “MVP” — to cap the scoring for the Mets. Peterson needed 30 pitches to get through the first inning, allowing a two-run single to Josh Bell and a sacrifice fly by Lane Thomas for a quick 3-0 hole. But he zipped through the next three on just 29 pitches combined, as the Mets clubbed their way to a 12-3 lead through four against Washington starter Erick Fedde and the Nats’ bullpen. “Sometimes we like being down, just so we can come back.” Marte said. The Mets responded to Washington’s early three-spot with two runs in the home first, including a run-scoring single by Lindor to extend his streak with at least one RBI to a career-high eight games. Plummer stroked an RBI double to center and Marte clocked a two-run homer off Fedde in a four-run second inning for a 6-3 Mets lead. Marte added a two-run single in the fourth, and Lindor followed with another RBI knock to give him 17 during his eight-game streak. He also reached 40 RBIs this season, a figure he didn’t reach in 2021 — his first with the Mets — until July 9. Lindor, one of several Mets to attend Game 7 of the first round against Pittsburgh at the Garden, said he noticed when each of the first four Rangers goals generated massive cheers when shown on the scoreboard. And he replied “of course” when asked if he’s thought about what it would be like to be a playoff team in New York. “It’s great, fantastic,” Lindor said. “I wasn’t much of a hockey fan, but I’m a fan of seeing athletes perform at the highest level. Right now watching them is special. You can feel the vibe … and I love their song. We need one like that.” The Citi fans grew even louder when Plummer cracked a homer for the second straight game, a three-run shot to left-center against reliever Austin Voth in the fourth. Plummer added a third hit, a single to center, in the sixth, earning another serenade from the home crowd. “It’s awesome. Francisco made sure that I turned around, it was pretty much every inning. It’s great,” said Plummer, who was signed as a minor league free agent in the offseason. “This is what you envision coming over here and being a part of this club and coming out with the win. “You can’t draw it up. Maybe when you’re younger you think about hitting a grand slam, down three, bottom of the ninth. But to actually be here and do it … it’s definitely special.”