A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away… the sprawling worlds of “Star Wars” exist! “Star Wars”, one of the most successful franchises in the world, has reached fans worldwide over the last several decades and promises even more exciting adventures for years to come. May 4, the annual “Star Wars” day, homages the saga through the iconic pun: “May the Fourth be with you!” The series, which expands beyond film, television, comics, books, toys, action figures, cards, games, video games, theme parks, hotels and more, has immense depth and continues to break ground. With the franchise now available on Disney+, fans everywhere can relive the epic stories and revisit the characters they’ve grown to love. With the arrival of new series such as “The Mandalorian,” “The Book of Bobba Fett,” and “Kenobi,” so many more stories await. To understand the complex characters in the “Star Wars” universe, The Post spoke exclusively with two of the rising voices in American geekdom: Paul Florez-Taylor—known as the Comic King—and Luke James—known as Pop Media Maven. As a team, we put our heads together to create the definitive list of “Star Wars” characters that align with astrology and the zodiac. Follow the Comic King and Luke James for everything that’s hot in geekdom! Find out which character aligns perfectly with your zodiac sign! Strong. Bold. Impulsive. Once an Aries’ mind is made up, there is no changing it. Like Lord Vader himself, these Fire signs know great love and though they may stray from their path at times, they always seek redemption in the end. As an aggressive leader, Darth Vader possesses true power and influence. There is no doubt Luke Skywalker mirrors a Taurus. He started off on a farm in a galaxy far, far away and then embarked on a journey that made him a legend. He is loyal and trustworthy to those around him and will fight against the dark side of the Force at all cost. He has immense stamina, perseverance, and integrity, just like a Taurus. Like Chewbacca, all Geminis are the fan-favorites of whatever posse they find themselves in. However, when Geminis find their Han Solo, they are #bffs with them till the end of time. Though they are the life of the party, they know how to switch hats and tackle any obstacle head first. This flexibility perfectly aligns with Gemini. Oh, and they are always certain to make their voice heard! Obi-Wan’s wise and caring nature allowed Luke to flourish and realize his full potential. Cancers have this innate ability to bring the best out in those around them, and are often old souls who see the forest for the trees. With a great respect for tradition and the past, Obi-Wan Kenobi embodies the fortitude and grace of this Water sign. Driven and passionate, Rey represents the next generation of Jedi who will not only usher in a golden era, but rewrite history. Well-behaved Leos rarely make history, and that is because they, like Rey, are game changers. Rey’s courage and integrity grant her even more alignment with Leo energy. R2-D2, like all Virgos, is the perfect friend who delivers the straight up tea and are loyal AF. If you’re going to send a distress call across the galaxy, you want to make sure a Virgo is the one delivering the message! R2-D2 has a quirky sense of humor, just as Virgos do. Fiercely independent and a natural born leader, General Leia will stop at nothing to ensure order is restored to the galaxy. Armed with an unmatched wit and political savvy, Leia’s dedication to the Rebellion matches Libra’s tenacious nature that values justice over tyranny.  We miss you, Carrie Fisher! She is also deeply loyal and a romantic underneath it all. Enigmatic and motivated, Emperor Palpatine stopped at nothing to achieve his vision of The Empire. Not even death could stop his perseverance, and his coy tongue had the ability to make everyone around him second guess their thoughts. The moral of this story? Don’t get on the darkside of a Scorpio! His ambition and ruthlessness mirrors a Scorpio who is out to conquer the world. Like all good Sagittarius, Han is elusive and easy on the eyes. A wayfarer traveling the galaxy, both Han and Sagittarius are Fire signs that are always in search of adventure and living in the moment. However, when push comes to shove, they drop what they are doing to protect their chosen family against the Sith. He also embodies a genuine sense of humor and can be quite impulsive, just like Sagittarius. We all let out an audible gasp when Baby Yoda was revealed at the end of The Mandalorian’s first episode.  Like Yoda, Grogu is wise beyond his years and offers lessons to those who are willing to receive them. It’s no wonder we see both Yoda and Grogu as Capricorns because they represent all the good in the universe. Their immense sense of wisdom is respected by nearly everyone. Kylo Ren initially sought out to carry on his familial mantle but eventually came into his own. This is emblematic of Aquarius’ energy, which is self-reliant and radiant, constantly seeking to improve themselves. They have a rebellious edge that can help them to set themselves apart. Ahsoka is a fearless Jedi who not only embraces her power but owns it fully. Pisces are often seen as dreamers, but they are warriors first and foremost, and will stop at nothing to protect their dreams as they pursue what is within their hearts. Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor and Luke James for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the Power of X-Men podcast, a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movie, and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits, and Wizard Magazine. Luke James is an artist and cosplayer with a special soft spot for everything MCU. He’s all about everything in geekdom, especially Avatar and Pokémon. In his spare time, he’s either in the gym hitting the weights or learning chaos magic in practice to become the next Scarlet Witch. Professionally he protects the public by being a real-life superhero as a firefighter. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.