Left-wing critics are demanding that HBO “cancel” Bill Maher after accusing the HBO “Real Time” host of delivering an anti-transgender monologue on last Friday’s show. David Kilmnick, who heads the nonprofit LGBT Network, wrote an article in Advocate magazine on Wednesday titled: “Bill Maher Has Gone Too Far With Anti-LGBTQ+ Comments.” Maher was blasted for saying that “we’re literally experimenting on children” by providing them with puberty blockers and other treatments aimed at facilitating gender transitions. He also said that transitioning was becoming “trendy.” Maher hit out at Chase Strangio, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, who cheered efforts to ban a book by author Abigail Shrier. Shrier, a Wall Street Journal writer, is author of “Irreversible Damage,” which explores the rapidly growing trend of teenage girls who undergo therapies and surgeries to transition to boys. Kilmnick, who wrote that he “has spent over three decades fighting for the rights of our LGBTQ+ communities, particularly safe spaces for our youth,” said Maher’s jokes make it feel “like 1993 all over again.” He slammed Maher for his “harmful, homophobic and transphobic” comments, which amounted to the “Real Time” host taking “potshots at LGBTQ+ youth.” He then called on HBO to take Maher’s show off the air. “We need to speak up and hold everyone accountable, even those who purport to be ‘liberal and progressive’,” Kilmnick wrote. “That’s why I am calling for the LGBTQ+ community and supporters of LGBTQ+ youth to boycott HBO until ‘Real Time With Bill Maher’ is removed from its platform.” Maher angered activists last Friday when he noted in his monologue that “over time, the LGBT population of America seems to be roughly doubling every generation.” “According to a recent Gallup poll, less than 1% of Americans born before 1946, that’s Joe Biden’s generation, identify that way, 2.6% of Boomers do, 4.2% of Gen X, 10.5% of Millennials and 20.8% of Gen Z, which means if we follow this trajectory, we will all be gay in 2054,” he said to applause. “I’m just saying that when things change this much this fast, people are allowed to ask, ‘What’s up with that,'” Maher added. Maher noted that Finland and Sweden have “stopped giving puberty blockers to kids because we just don’t know much about the long-term effects, although common sense should tell you that when you reverse the course of raging hormones, there’s going to be problems.”