While it’s not January anymore, we’re still following at least one of the 50 New Year’s resolution ideas we listed. And, fitness is, by far, one of the most popular. That said, a new treadmill can help you achieve your fitness goals with flying (or, running) colors. A sweet new piece of feel-good equipment will rev up your home gym setup, for sure, especially for inclined power walks and paced runs. This includes some of the best rowing machines, exercise bikes and elliptical machines, too. With some gym memberships previously on pandemic-driven lockdown, we’ve learned to redefine fitness from the comfort of our bedrooms, living rooms and basements. And, some of the best treadmills on the market are just as adaptable. For runners on a budget, we found stellar treadmills for less than $100. For apartment-dwelling runners, we found the most legendary folding treadmills to get a sweat in under small living spaces. Essentially, The Post ran through the mill of ready-to-order machines to find the 11 best treadmills for every style of runner, preference and budget. With one of our top picks, it’ll be your go-to equipment to train for 5Ks or half marathons, too — along with the best fitness apps and home gym equipment we rounded up. Your treadmill will be the perfect piece of equipment to get you moving after hours of sitting in front of a desk. Click to jump to a specific treadmill: Bowflex’s Treadmill Series offers a thick platformed ComfortTech base that’ll make you feel like you’re running on top of the world. Plus, the included screen creates daily adaptive workouts that adjust with over-time improvement. That said, you’ll have built-in motivation to get you on the treadmill and running to your next goal. You can also watch Disney+, Hulu, Netflix and more with the 7″ touchscreen and follow more than 50 global routes to guide you on your workout. Designed for consistent runners, the fan-favorite and Amazon’s Choice NordicTrack T Series 6.5 Treadmill includes a free one-month iFit membership to stream on-demand workouts right from your machine. Plus, the training system auto-adjusts your speed and incline through Bluetooth. Most impressively, it folds up compactly for easy storage. While it’s not an under-desk treadmill by any means, it’s still space-saving when not in use. The included auxiliary music port and dual 2-inch speakers provide some running entertainment, too. The Sunny Health & Fitness SF-T7603 Motorized Folding Treadmill is perfect if you’re running in a small space — pun totally intended. Or, if you don’t want your treadmill to be an eyesore. The LCD screen monitors your heart and pulse rate, tracks distance and time and includes nine workout programs to switch up your cardio and strive toward increased improvement. Not to mention, the built-in treadmill cushioning means less impact on your joints and legs when challenging yourself on an incline. And, to spotlight the star of the show: its easy foldup design with two transportation wheels makes it perfect to store without damaging your floors. The Stamina Avari Adjustable Treadmill is one to grab if you don’t want to spend upwards of $500 for a few reasons: it has three manual incline settings for its compact size, its padded handlebar is ultra-comfortable to use during your workouts and it really doesn’t take up much space. What’s more, this small but mighty machine has, impressively, eight different resistance levels to challenge yourself. For $300, you can’t go wrong. If you’re looking to splurge on a treadmill for your at-home gym, Sole’s TT8 Treadmill is a premier option. The model has an extra-wide running surface, two motors to operate the incline and decline and Bluetooth connectivity (with an included tablet), it’s superb, to say the least. With an impressive, quality make and running on a $350 sale right now (pun totally intended), Horizon Fitness’ T101 Treadmill is one to steal. Impressively, its Johnson Drive System motor is ultra-quiet and recalibrates with each foot to avoid feeling lags or surges. What’s more, it runs at lower RPMs, which helps keep the motor cooler while you’re power-walking or on an incline. For a treadmill that has one of the sleekest aesthetics we’ve ever seen, look no further than the Reebok A6.0 Treadmill. With Bluetooth capability, you’ll have access to detailed feedback, including distance, time, pulse and speed. Also, with built-in pulse data, you’ll receive live heart rate data, which will be great when you’re running with this model’s 36 preset workouts. As an alternative to the standard at-home treadmills, the InMotion T900 Manual Treadmill requires no outlet or motor maintenance — which is convenient for small spaces. With this model, you’ll have a smooth walk or run. And, it still provides distance tracking, workout time, speed and calories burned — all at an affordable $150 price point. Transform your at-home gym into a centralized fitness hub with the ProForm Pro 2000 Treadmill. With an included 30-day iFit membership, it’s ideal to stream live and on-demand studio classes. Plus, to take a trip around the world with this treadmill — from African savannahs and frozen arctic peaks. Additionally, the ProForm Pro 2000 has a comfortable tread belt and quick incline control, among other impressive features. Oh yes, we found a treadmill that slides easily underneath your desk for your school and work breaks. This Under-Desk Walking Pad is your next go-to treadmill that gets a quick sweat in. Plus, it’s Bluetooth-compatible and has a noise-reducing motor (which is great if you live with roommates). Secure a solid stride with the Echelon Stride Treadmill, an Amazon’s Choice product that has a metal safety bar underneath to protect objects from being pulled under. Plus, it has an oversized running deck and Bluetooth connectivity for personalized, convenient running. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.