Blame games: Stop Scapegoating on Massacres “Is Robin DiAngelo to blame for the Waukesha massacre?” asks Brendan O’Neill at Spiked, because she criticizes whites? “All sane people know the answer” is no — so why “is it seen as acceptable” to blame Tucker Carlson for the Buffalo massacre? “You don’t have to align with his oft-stated fears about immigrants being brought in as electoral stooges . . . to see that Carlson has nothing whatsoever in common with an alleged killer like Payton Gendron.” “Blaming real-world mass murder on broadcasters and columnists” is meant “to stifle controversial, difficult or oppositional beliefs.” Indeed, “the woke elites fear [Carlson] has his finger on the pulse of working Americans” and so see “a massacre of 10 black Americans and think to themselves: ‘Let’s use this to demonize Tucker some more.’ ” Conservative: Trump’s a Chaos Agent Ex-Prez Donald Trump “sounds like he’s itching to make a mess of things” if his candidate Dr. Oz doesn’t win the Pennsylvania GOP Senate primary, observes AB Stoddard at RealClearPolitics. And “no matter the scorecard at the end of the season, Republicans can count on Trump to help the other team” by backing scandal-laden candidates like “Roy Moore [and] Max Miller, Sean Parnell, Charles Herbster and Herschel Walker.” “Is Trump trying to help the party? The country? Not even close. He’s trying to further his fraudulent narrative that the 2020 election was stolen.” GOP “officials are bracing for Trump to make the next several months difficult and volatile. But this is all predictable, and they asked for it.” Education beat: Wokeism Cost Me My Job “I have witnessed a new racism by the 12-0 woke Democrats on the school board, directed against Asian Americans, like me, whose children’s success in K-12 schools belies the notion that systemic racism oppresses all minorities,” Asra Q. Nomani reports at The Federalist. After her impassioned speech to the Fairfax County, Va. school board, “security officials began walking toward me.” She spoke up about the irony that the “board — so full of itself for its avowed racial consciousness — would be siccing white security officials on an Asian woman.” But for “calling it out,” she got fired from her job at an education-reform group. She learned that “when it comes to defending our children . . . we cannot depend on anyone but ourselves.” Eye on SCOTUS: High Court Needs Ethics Rules Justice Clarence Thomas is rightly “worried about the future of the Supreme Court,” Steven Lubet writes at The Hill. Yet Thomas pins the “cause for the decline” on a “behavioral” problem; in fact it’s “institutional.” The nine justices, unlike all other US state and federal judges, don’t adhere to a written code of ethics, as they all insist they “follow high ethical standards.” But “that assurance has worn thin,” as critics have flagged dozens of dubious actions. The court’s “legitimacy” problem has everything to do with “its haughty attitude toward public transparency.” From the right: Let Taiwan into the WHO “Harsh lockdowns in Shanghai and elsewhere in China have ended illusions that the Communist Party has managed the COVID-19 pandemic well,” The Wall Street Journal editorial board notes. But that’s not stopping Beijing from trying to control the World Health Organization, which holds its 75th annual meeting on May 22-28, and preventing Taiwan from taking a seat at the table. But President Biden last week moved to “regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization.” The WHO, absurdly, “won’t make a decision about Taiwan’s participation until Monday — ‘day two of the meeting.’ The 13th-hour decision-making is bad enough, but Taiwan’s exclusion would be an embarrassment for the WHO and the Biden administration.” Secretary of State Antony Blinken has it right: “There is no reasonable justification to exclude” Taipei. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board