Boris Becker’s estranged wife, Lilly Becker, said she “completely broke down” after the former world No. 1 tennis player was sentenced to two and a half years in the UK Friday on four insolvency charges relating to his 2017 bankruptcy. “I couldn’t believe what I was hearing because I was convinced until the judge made her verdict that he was going to get a little bit lighter,” Becker’s wife said on Talk TV’s “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” per The Sun. “I had to keep it together and I don’t know how I did it.” The Dutch model, 45, had to gently deliver the news to the couple’s 12-year-old son Amadeus, who she told: “Papa didn’t listen to the law and he’s on the naughty step. He’s curious and I’ve told him we all make mistakes.” The six-time Grand Slam champion was accused of hiding millions of pounds worth of assets, including two Wimbledon trophies, to avoid paying his debts. Becker is expected to serve 15 months before being released on tag, according to The Sun. “I had no chance but to break my heart or his heart last Sunday and I don’t wish this upon anybody,” said Lilly, who noted that she had not spoken to their son about the court proceedings. “It was the hardest thing I had to do with a 12-year-old. He just couldn’t grasp it. He still can’t. It breaks my heart but it just made me into ‘tiger mumma’. I have just told a 12-year-old that his father is in jail and the saddest part was I couldn’t break it down because these kids are now going on YouTube and the internet. The internet is cruel. But he also has a loving support system around him.” Lilly said her husband is doing “okay” and “as good as he can be” in prison, adding, “It’s not a five star hotel is it?” She also said that she and Becker are still married after the couple was the subject of divorce reports in May 2018. “I’m very much still his wife,” she said. “Estranged wife as that may be, but we’re still very much married and have been since we went our separate ways. “It was from the beginning intense and a complete, true love story. Everyone who knows us knows this. It’s not that I don’t want to get a divorce. We should handle our business at the right time.” When asked if she still loves the tennis champion, Lilly said, “Of course I do,” noting that and she and their son are “dying” to visit Becket in HMP Wandsworth, South West London. Becker is also father to sons Noah, 28, and Elias, 22, from his first marriage to Barbara Becker. He has a daughter, Anna Ermakova, 22, from an affair with Angela Ermakova, at the time a waitress at a London restaurant. Becker is currently dating Lilian de Carvalho Monteiro. Novak Djokovic said he is “heartbroken” for his former coach after the news of his sentencing. “[I’m] just heartbroken, I mean, for him,” Djokovic said Sunday while in Spain ahead of the Madrid Open. “He’s a friend, a longtime friend, a coach for three, four years, someone I consider close in my life and has contributed a lot to my success in my career.” The 54-year-old Becker coached Djokovic for three years, beginning December 2013.