Recently, the Rothschilds sold a fantastic asset for over $197 million to the Dutch government. Oprah Winfrey sold this asset for $150 million (grossing $62 million). Jeff Bezos recently sold Amazon stock to buy $70 million worth of this asset. But they’re not the only ones investing in this asset. Bill Gates keeps $124 million of this asset in his personal mansion. The asset referenced is art. Most people don’t realize that from 1995 to 2020, contemporary art prices have outpaced the S&P 500 by nearly three times. Moreover, during periods of high inflation (like right now), contemporary art prices have appreciated faster than equities, REITs, and even gold. So it should come as no surprise that some of the ultra-wealthy have been investing in this asset in recent years. Unfortunately, most people think you have to be ultra-rich to afford an expensive painting by famous artists such as Picasso, Basquiat, and Condo. But members using the Masterworks.io app didn’t need to pay the vast $1,760,000 price tag to invest in one of these assets. What is the Masterworks.io $1 Billion App? Masterworks.io is a $1 billion art investment startup by Harvard, Stanford, and Columbia alumni that allows everyday investors to invest in contemporary art for a fraction of buying an entire artwork. In 2012, the JOBS Act allowed famous artworks to be purchased by investors as individual shares representing investments in paintings, among other alternative assets. So Masterworks.io allows investors to invest in art from famous artists, such as Banksy, Basquiat, and Warhol, piece by piece, for as little as $20. This allows everyday investors access to the same types of paintings collected by wealthy collectors like Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, and Eric Schmidt. It’s a genius way to invest in famous artworks without spending millions of dollars outright. And with 312,234 users and counting, the Masterworks.io app is building real steam. Kevin O’Leary from Shark Tank even tweeted: “ANYBODY can invest in art by names like Banksy, and I love what they’re (Masterworks) doing.” Why Use This App Now? According to Citi, in the first seven months of 2020, art has outpaced other asset classes such as equities, cash, real estate, commodities, and even private equity during the pandemic. The BBC explained that art generally has a low average correlation to the stock market, so contemporary art prices don’t necessarily follow the direction of equity market moves. For investors who wish to diversify into an alternative asset, Masterworks.io presents a great avenue to do so. Investors can choose to invest in artworks from artists like Pablo Picasso, Zao Wou-Ki, Gerhard Richter, and others. However, once specific goals are reached for each artwork, investors won’t have a chance to invest anymore. Recently, a Banksy painting called Exit Through the Gift Shop sold out in less than three hours on the Masterworks.io app. How Does Masterworks.io App Work? In 2017, CEO Scott Lynn aimed to democratize the art market by securitizing the first painting, Andy Warhol’s 1 Colored Marilyn (Reversal Series). He said, “That light bulb kind of turned on…and it just occurred to me that this is probably the largest asset class that’s never been securitized.” With a track record of 20 years of building successful companies, Scott Lynn created Masterworks. It’s currently the biggest company that provides direct access to multimillion-dollar works of art by artists like Picasso, Monet, and Basquiat. This is how it works: The Masterworks.io research team analyzes over 60,000 data points across 70+ years to discover which types of work have the potential to exhibit price appreciation. Masterworks.io purchases and securitizes the artwork and makes it available to investors on the Masterworks.io app. You can list your investments in the artworks to other users on the platform. You can also opt to hold onto your investments in the artwork and participate in the distribution when Masterworks sells it. Price Appreciation From Famous Artworks Masterworks.io enables investors to receive price appreciation from paintings by famous artists such as Picasso, Monet, and Banksy listed on the platform. In 2020, Masterworks’ investors saw a 32% annualized appreciation from the sale of their Banksy painting, Mona Lisa, net of fees. And in 2021, investors receive a 31% annualized appreciation from the sale of their George Condo painting, Staring Into Space, net of fees. How to Buy the “Billionaire Asset” with Just a Few Clicks? You only need to follow three steps to get started: 1) Go to the Masterworks’ signup page. 2) Enter your contact information and answer some questions. 3) An art investment representative will contact you and help you. Or call 203-518-5172 (9 am – 6 pm EST Monday through Friday) to learn more about the asset class, and go over your financial goals, risk tolerance, and other considerations with an art investment representative. See important disclosures at masterworks.io/disclaimer