My Old Kentucky Home will feel a lot like New York, New York tonight. Top-ranked Long Island jockey Irad Ortiz Jr. and little brother Jose — the Manning brothers of horse racing — headline a “generational” collection of seven hard-charging New York riders among the 20 running for the roses in Saturday’s Kentucky Derby. “It’s my dream. It’s all I know how to do. I only know how to ride horses,” Irad Ortiz, 29, told The Post in between training laps at Churchill Downs this week, adding that his 10-1 odds thoroughbred, Mo Donegal, “is getting better at just the right time. I honestly feel like I have a very good shot.” Ortiz enters the Kentucky Derby the top-ranked jockey in North America, according to Equibase. Jose, 28, who rides 20-1 shot Simplification on Saturday, ranks No. 4. Both live in Hempstead, LI with their wives and three children each.  “The Manning Brothers of horse racing,” as Jose’s agent, Jimmy Riccio of Monmouth Beach NJ, calls the Ortiz boys, have enjoyed a meteoric rise in the sport since moving to New York from Puerto Rico in 2011 and 2012, respectively. Irad won the Eclipse Award as America’s most outstanding jockey three straight years from 2018 to 2020. Jose earned the same honor in 2017, and even boasts a 2018 best jockey ESPY on his resume. The brothers will be joined in the race by five other locals: three-time Kentucky Derby winner John Velazquez (riding Messier); 2013 Derby champion Joel Rosario (Epicenter); Luis Saez (Charge It); Manny Franco (Zozos), and 2019 Derby winner Flavien Prat (Zandon). “We may have the greatest jockey colony ever assembled. Certainly in the past 40 years no question this is the best we’ve ever seen,” said New York Racing Association (NYRA) and Fox Sports horse racing analyst Andy Serling. The elder Ortiz has been celebrated for his prodigious talent but criticized for “careless” riding and volatility on and off the track in recent years. Among other incidents, he was fined in February 2021 for repeatedly punching fellow jockey Paco Lopez following a race at Gulfstream Park in Florida, the ugly fisticuffs caught on video. He was also suspended for 30 days in December following a “reckless” push to the fence at Aqueduct in Queens that observers say jeopardized the safety of horses and jockeys. He was suspended again in February, this time for five days, for interfering with another horse, also at Gulfstream. “I made a mistake, a big mistake,” Ortiz said of the Aqueduct incident. “It was an accident and I deserved the suspension.” “He wants to win a $10,000 race as badly as he does a $10 million race,” said Irad Ortiz’s agent, Steve Rushing. “He just wants to win. Most of them are like that. They’re not baseball players. They don’t make money whether they hit or don’t. Jockeys have to win. They have to produce.” Win or lose Saturday, all seven New York riders are scheduled to mount horses back at Belmont Park on Sunday. “We have no vacations,” said Irad Ortiz. “We are 24-7 the whole year. If you don’t love it, you can’t do it.” 