“After the leak of Justice Alito’s draft opinion overturning Roe v. Wade,” Sen. Chuck Schumer “decided to tap into his party’s dark id,” rages Spectator World’s Matt Purple. The Democratic leader introduced a bill that “wouldn’t just codify Roe” but would “go much further, permitting abortions at any point during a pregnancy right up until birth.” Two moderate Republicans introduced legislation to simply make Roe law, but Democrats “shouted down the bill as too weak.” It’s telling: “Roe isn’t enough for them now”; “they’ve passed into moral oblivion.” And “every Senate Democrat except Joe Manchin voted for it.” “An alarming shortage of infant formula has families in a panic,” observes the Washington Examiner’s Kaylee McGhee White. The crisis started more than a year ago “and was severely exacerbated by a February recall of powdered formulas.” Yet the White House has offered “few solutions, if any.” Lawmakers have started to pressure the Food and Drug Administration to increase production, but it’s “not enough.” “The callousness with which the federal government is treating this issue is shocking.” For “many families, this is a matter of life or death.” “Soaring gasoline and electricity prices may turn out to be only part of Americans’ energy woes this summer,” posits City Journal’s Steven Malanga. A “host of power suppliers” warn that millions “could endure rolling blackouts because of the growing inability of America’s evolving energy infrastructure to meet power needs.” Blame rising prices, “shortages due to the closure of some coal and nuclear plants, and the unreliability of renewables like wind and solar” to meet the resulting energy deficit. As America “sits on nearly 275 billion barrels of untapped oil alone,” millions “may endure a summer of blackouts because of avoidable policy failures.” “Do social-media companies collude with the federal government to suppress speech?” wonders Alex Berenson at The Wall Street Journal. Thanks to his lawsuit against Twitter for breach of contract, which a judge just OKed to proceed, we might soon find out. “A senior Twitter executive repeatedly told me in 2020 and 2021 that the company didn’t believe I was violating its rules. But by July 2021, federal officials, including Anthony Fauci, had grown openly angry at me and others who raised questions about COVID vaccine efficacy and side effects.” That month, “President Biden said Facebook and other companies were ‘killing people’ by allowing dissenting views about the mRNA vaccines. A few hours later, Twitter locked me out of my account for the first time.” The next month, “the company permanently banned me for a tweet about mRNA COVID vaccines that began: ‘It doesn’t stop infection. Or transmission.’ Today no one disputes the truth of that statement.” Discovery in the case could “shine a light on the so-far hidden connections among Twitter, federal agencies and the White House as they tried to suppress dissent” and “mold public opinion.” After huge learning-loss from school closures, even worse for “disadvantaged communities,” “government-run schools, particularly in big cities, face sharp enrollment declines and a looming financial ‘Armageddon,’ ” warns Reason’s Matt Welch. Yet “amid this education-provision crisis, the Biden administration has made it an urgent priority to make providing education even harder.” Its proposed new rules for charters seeking seed money from a $440 million federal fund reflect “the wish list of charter-hating teachers unions” by making it far harder to qualify, as pro-charter Democrats such as Gov. Jared Polis (Colo.) and Sens. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.), Cory Booker (NJ) and Michael Bennet (Colo.) all warn. It means “fewer new charter schools” even as “K-12 education is seeing its most significant crisis in at least a generation.” It’s more proof of “Democratic and teachers union priorities”: “They are putting students last.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board