After a wild first-round NBA playoffs series between the Grizzlies and Timberwolves, Memphis now turns its attention to a big series against the Warriors. Playing just two days after the end of an emotional win in a tough series, the Grizzlies could face issues with the quick turnaround. The Warriors have not played since Wednesday and Steph Curry should be ready for a full workload in this series after coming off of the bench against the Nuggets. Here’s a preview of Sunday’s Warriors vs. Grizzlies Game 1. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: GSW -2.5 (-110) vs MEM +2.5 (-110) Moneyline: GSW -140 vs. MEM +114 Total: Over 221.5 (-110) | Under 221.5 (-110) That death lineup that the Warriors debuted in Game 1 against the Nuggets has shown to be extremely devastating. In the first four games of its existence, the “death lineup” was +26 in point differential against the Denver Nuggets. They successfully started that same lineup in Game 5 in a series-clinching win. The lineup’s results in Game 5 were a mixed bag. Jordan Poole played just 26 minutes and had only eight points. The Warriors still came away victorious but Poole’s lack of production is certainly noteworthy as his last two games were his worst scoring outputs of the playoffs. Moreover, the perimeter defenders that the Grizzlies can match up with could provide some issues for Poole. This series will tell us a lot about where Poole and the Warriors are in terms of true title contention. The Grizzlies are facing a better scoring, more efficient team in the Warriors, who should be able to come out victorious in this series. As for Game 1, it will be interesting to see what lineup Steve Kerr decides to roll with in this one. Regardless, taking the rested Warriors on the road is the way to go. Watching Memphis have that much trouble with the Timberwolves gives real cause for concern against the Warriors in Game 1. The spread is set at two points on FanDuel but their moneyline is preferable with such a small differential in value (-110, 52.38% implied, vs. -130, 56.52% implied). Warriors vs. Grizzlies prediction: Warriors moneyline -130/Warriors win Game 1 and series +115 (DraftKings) Some notes on the above parlay which was placed on DraftKings, which is offering a risk-free SGP for Sunday.