As Jeremy Hefner sees it, there are a trio of reasons that explain the differences in Taijuan Walker from last season to this season: better health, fewer fastballs and more Max Scherzer. Walker, who has been solid since right shoulder bursitis sidelined him for about three weeks in April, is beginning to put together another strong first half in a small sample thus far. Last season, he was dominant for the first few months that brought him to his first All-Star Game, then fell apart after the break as his innings climbed and health fell. He needed right knee surgery this offseason. In his first four starts and 18 innings this season, he is doing it again and sporting a 3.00 ERA. But the Mets’ ideal No. 5 starter is succeeding in a different fashion than last year’s first half. Hefner, the Mets’ pitching coach, first pointed to Walker’s health, which he believes was the righty’s downfall last season. He next attributed Walker’s strong results to an arsenal that has been tweaked. Last season, according to FanGraphs, Walker threw a fastball 57.4 percent of the time. The usage is down to 41.8 percent, with so many of the extra pitches going to a splitter that has become a big part of Walker’s game. “It’s something that we talked about last year, not being so fastball-heavy, but he didn’t really have a split — he didn’t have as good of command of his split last year,” Hefner said on the Citi Field dirt Monday, after the Mets’ game against the Cardinals was postponed. “He worked on that all offseason, and that’s something that was a focus for him during spring training and into his first few starts.” Walker, who will start one of the games in Tuesday’s doubleheader, has been hit hard with his four-seamer, against which batters are hitting .364. But against the 29-year-old’s splitter, opponents are 4-for-28 (.143), a pitch that he barely used last season becoming his most devastating this campaign. Now Walker has five distinct pitches that batters have to watch for, rather than leaning so much on his heat. “I think that he’s pitching,” Hefner said. “Max has a little bit to do with that.” Hefner is one pitching coach, and Scherzer — who’s a year older than Hefner — is another. It is easier for the coaching staff to get buy-in from a pitcher who might be hesitant when a future Hall of Famer is adding his opinions to the staff’s side. Scherzer has helped the rotation even on days he does not pitch. Scherzer has lent his voice to “some of the messaging that we’ve tried to talk to [Walker] last year about,” Hefner said. “[Walker is] taking some of the things that he’s getting fed through different parties and taking it out and throwing well.” Walker is enjoying improved health and an improved splitter, but improved voices around him, too. “He’s an intellect,” Hefner said of Scherzer. “He studies the game. He watches the game. He understands biomechanics, he understands mechanics, pitch design, how to use pitches, how to sequence pitches. That’s why he’s been able to do what he’s done for forever.”