A 54-year-old mother from Chicago has written a book for young men looking to land themselves a MILF — after realizing males in their 20s were secretly lusting after women more than double their age. Elaina St. James started a raunchy OnlyFans account last year and was left stunned when she learned that most of her subscribers were decades younger than she was. “It makes me proud to be a woman that can be looked up to,” the middle-aged mama said in an interview with South West News Service. “I can still be sensual, I can still be sexual, I can still be considered hot at almost 55 — and I don’t have a perfect body.” The busty brunette said she was contacted by many of her admirers, saying they fantasized about being with a MILF — so she decided to compile her top tips. The result is a new 62-page tome, titled “How to Date Hot Older Women: The Ultimate Guide to Dating Older Women by a Mature Model,” available on Amazon. “It’s commonly 24, 25-year-olds, and they love the idea of an older woman,” the single mom-of-one said, adding that one of her subscribers is age 19. “They kept saying, ‘I would like to be in a relationship with an older woman,’ and I realized I should write a book about this. So, I did.” St. James said she has five main tips for toyboys on the lookout for a date with a MILF. The first is not to fetishize the female prospect for her mature age — and instead treat them like any other woman. “We still want to be told that we’re beautiful and desirable,” St. James said. Secondly, the OnlyFans content creator said honesty and transparency are paramount from the outset, as no older woman wants a man to “ghost her.” Meanwhile, younger men wooing a woman more than twice their age should make clear that they know they won’t always be the center of attention. St. James said most MILFs already have busy lives, with kids, pets and aging parents. Additionally, MILFs are often interested in having a young stud help out around the house, so St. James advises the single men to “play on their strengths” by doing domestic chores on early dates. “You can come help me clean up my yard — that’s sexy for a grown-up woman!” suggested the amorous author. St. James’ fifth and final tip revolves around finances, with the yummy mommy saying men should never expect a  “sugar mama” to pay for them “Typically MILFs will have more resources than you, but I think any older woman of means is going to be highly attuned to a guy trying to take advantage of her for her money,” she said matter-of-factly. St. James certainly has her own money, having raked in more than $100,000 since starting her OnlyFans account eight months ago. She said she currently makes upwards of $15,000 a month. It’s a surprise for the Midwestern mama, who claimed her confidence has soared since joining the adult site. The brunette was initially nervous about OnlyFans, saying she hid her face from the camera in the beginning. “It took a lot of soul-searching before I even started an Instagram, let only the OnlyFans,” she admitted. “Then I realized it’s tough to make a living so I made the decision and said ‘What’s the worst that can happen?’” Now, St. James has horny subscribers sending her compliments every day of the week. “Every day I have guys saying, ‘I love your stomach, I love your soft mom tummy,'” she excitedly stated. “They love it and that is a message to every woman out there that feels weird about their stomach or about saggy boobs.” St. James said it’s a lesson for all women who feel they have to “Kardashian-ize” themselves to become an ideal beauty. “I know I’m not perfect. I know my body’s not perfect. I have a mom bod. I have a belly. I don’t like exercising,” she said. “I would much prefer to watch people exercise and eat potato chips and have a glass of wine. I’m a Midwest mom. I eat cheese and I like bratwurst — that’s what I do, but I also have fun with it!” St. James is hardly the first hot mom to make a fortune showing off on the internet. Last year, The Post profiled a number of the naughtiest MILFs milking their maturity for money on OnlyFans. The mamas included Nita Marie, a 45-year-old mother of two from Colorado, who went from relying on food stamps to earning $1 million per year.