Police are asking for help identifying the two men who brutally beat an Asian man while he was being held from behind in a New York City subway station in an attack a witness says was vigilante justice, not a race-based incident. The attack, seen in a now-viral clip, shows two men taking turns attacking a 42-year-old man on the A/C train platform of the Fulton Street station in Manhattan at 3:30 p.m. on Friday, police said. Photos released by the NYPD Tuesday show one of the men wearing an orange hat, a light-blue hoodie, sweatpants and blue and white sneakers. The man who shot the video told The Post the shocking attack was not a race-based attack but a matter of vigilante justice that went too far after the Asian man allegedly tried to sexually assault a woman on a train. In the clip, the 42-year-old man is being held across the body by a third man from behind as a crowd watches. The first attacker dramatically winds up, preparing to slap the man. “I got a daughter,” he is heard saying. “If the cops lock me, I’m paying my own bail. I got it.” He then slaps the man in the face. As the man tries to wriggle free, another attacker unleashes a flurry of punches, hitting the detained man in the face. Someone is heard yelling “chill” as the violence continues. An “Asian Crime Report” Twitter account tweeted the video Sunday, and the NYPD Asian Hate Crimes Task Force retweeted it, asking the victim to contact cops. But the man who shot the video said the Asian man was being held until police arrived regarding the alleged sexual assault attempt. “This thing has gone completely bonkers,” he said in a previous interview. “The guy holding him never attacked him, and he didn’t know those guys [who hit him.] The most important part in all of this is that none of this was race-related.” The police didn’t arrive until almost 20 minutes after he first called them, the man said. The NYPD said officers got to the station by 3:34 p.m. to find most of those involved were no longer on the platform. The department has since opened an investigation. Cops are asking anyone with information to call the Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-8477 or log onto https://crimestoppers.nypdonline.org/.