A historic, eco-chic East Village townhouse owned by a top fashion photographer is hitting the market for $9.2 million on Thursday. The 1850s home, owned by photographer Alexi Lubomirski and his wife Giada, is at 122 E. 10th St. It’s part of the Renwick Triangle, or Renwick Row, in the St. Mark’s Historic District — named after its architect, James Renwick, Jr., of St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Grace Church and the Smithsonian Institute Building. Lubormirski shot Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s official wedding and engagement photos, and has also photographed Beyoncé, Julia Roberts and Lupita Nyong’o for Vogue and other fashion magazines, while Giada moved from fashion to environmental advocacy — and a sustainable gut renovation of the townhouse. While the Lubomirskis own the six-story, 18-foot-wide townhouse now, it had previously been divided into three units. Actress Molly Ringwald and Panio Gianopoulos owned the upstairs two-bedroom, 1½-bath apartment before selling to the Lubomirskis for $1.7 million in 2016. That unit came with a fireplace and a roof deck. The Lubomirskis had also bought a four-bedroom, 3½-bath, 2,600-square-foot unit for $3.47 million in 2015. Original details include woodburning fireplaces and lots of exposed brick, along with modern French pocket doors, radiant heated floors and marble bathrooms — along with a private garden and roof deck. The block has been home to many iconic figures over the years, including architect Stanford White, who was born at 118 East 10th St., and photographer Diane Arbus who lived next door at 120 E. 10th St. from 1968 to 1970. Mary-Kate Olsen and her then-husband, banker Olivier Sarkozy, half-brother to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, owned twin townhouses across the street at 123 and 125 E. 10th St. The homes shared one of the largest private gardens in Manhattan. Mark Twain also lived in a townhouse that Renwick had originally built for his parents. The listing brokers are Cote Luxury Real Estate’s Victoria Terri-Cote, and Cristina Cote, of  HGTV’s “Happily Wherever.” Breads Bakery is opening its first residents only café, which is part of its latest residential concept, Coffee@, at the Anagram Nomad, a 50-story luxury rental building at 10 E. 29th St. The café will have a street entrance but is not open to the public. “By partnering with Breads, we are able to bring heightened hospitality to our renters while also providing them with a great cup of coffee and the city’s best pastries in the comfort of their own home,” said Josh Feder, vice president at Global Holdings Management Group. The 400-square-foot café is devoid of seating but adjacent to the 450-square-foot events lounge, which seats 20 and is connected to a 500-square-foot co-working space and a 550-square-foot library space. Building amenities also include a gym and yoga studio, a children’s playroom, a “public-private garden lawn” and a rooftop space.