It’s the most expensive listing that Tennessee has ever seen, and it just hit the market. The Nashville mansion owned by billionaire businessman Tom Frist Jr., who founded HCA Healthcare, is on sale for $50 million. Located in the Belle Meade neighborhood, one of the priciest areas in Nashville, the property is a quintessential Southern estate and sits on 59 acres of land. The listing agent Steve Fridrich, of Fridrich & Clark Realty, says that it’s the largest piece of land in Belle Meade. “Most other homes are on an acre or less,” he said. “This truly stands out for the size. It’s a half mile from the main house to the road.” The celebrated New York architects Ferguson & Shamamian, who have won numerous awards for their high-end residential projects, designed the grand property, which was built in 2021. It commands a striking presence and bears numerous references to the region. Examples include the exterior columns and the double balcony porches on the front and rear. In fact, Ferguson & Shamamian featured the mansion in their book “City and Country Residences.” Part of the description reads: “Centered on colonnaded porches in front and back, the house may have an impressive presence, and the body language appears to be formal. But the house that is scaled for entertaining and steeped in regional references offers a surprisingly comfortable, even relaxed environmental reality inside.” Spanning 19,811 square feet, the estate has five bedrooms, six full bathrooms and four half baths. The well-known New York designer Bunny Williams is behind the traditional interiors. In typical Southern style, there are numerous areas for entertaining, both inside and out and formal and informal. These include a screened porch, a covered porch with a fireplace, a large living room and a family room, which has vaulted wood ceilings and two fireplaces. Other standout features include an elevator, swimming pool, tennis court and charming guest house. Fridrich says that Dr. Frist is selling his beloved mansion because his wife passed away last year, and he wants to downsize to a smaller home. “The Frists have a large family with many grandchildren and have years of happy memories spending time with them here,” said Fridrich. “Now, new owners have the opportunity to create their own legacy.”