The Supergoop! once-a-summer Friends & Family sale is here just in time for warm weather. From now until May 24, the SPF brand is offering 20% off its entire website with the promo code SUNNY20. Since Supergoop! was founded in 2007, the company has become a fan favorite for many SPF lovers and is highly recommended by many dermatologists and estheticians. “Supergoop! has an array of formulas, from creams to gels to sprays and mouses, and they even have niche products like eyeshadow and powder SPF for your hair,” celebrity esthetician Candace Marino told The Post. “Beyond their incredible products, I love the ethos of the brand and their mission to get everyone wearing and loving SPF.” The Supergoop! founder, Holly Thaggard, spoke with The Post on her excitement for this summer sale. “As we all prepare to get out and about this summer and spend more time outdoors, we’re excited to offer this limited time opportunity for our customers to stock up on their SPF must-haves so they can stay protected all summer long,” Thaggard said. “Our mission is to change the way the world thinks about sunscreen by creating clean, feel-good formulas that you actually want to wear all year round,” Thaggard added. Dr. Hadley King, a board-certified dermatologist in New York City, is also a fan of the brand. “Supergoop! does an excellent job creating elegant formulations that are pleasant to use and don’t feel like sunscreen,” said King. “They offer [many different] mineral options as well as reef-safe chemical options so there are good choices for all skin tones.” Whether you’re looking to save on popular products like the cult-favorite Unseen Sunscreen or want to try something new like the Supergoop! Daily Dose Vitamin C serum — there’s something for everyone. Ahead find more than a dozen great options you can save on during the Supergoop! Friends & Family sale. Aand make sure to check out our recommendations for the best face sunscreen, body sunscreen and SPF moisturizer, too! The Supergoop! Unseen Suncreen is most of the brand’s most popular items and has more than 2,100 positive reviews on the website and 2,900 on Sephora.com. The PLAY Everyday lotion with sunflower extract is another great option to incorporate into your daily routine. It’s the brand’s original broad-spectrum SPF 50 lotion for face and body. Two of the experts we spoke with are big fans of the Supergoop! Glowscreen. “My all-time favorite SPF for the face is [Supergoop!’s] Glowscreen. It’s illuminating and hydrating, and doubles as a makeup primer,” Marino said. “For those who don’t want to wear makeup it does a beautiful job blurring imperfections and giving the skin a glow.” “It’s a hydrating primer that contains hyaluronic acid and vitamin B5 to help boost moisture in the skin, sea lavender for antioxidant protection and cocoa peptides to help protect from blue light,” King said. “It’s [also] vegan, cruelty-free and reef safe.” This Vitamin C and SPF 40 serum is great for those looking for an extra boost in their skin for brightness and two prevent dark spots from UV Rays and Blue light. This Sunnyscreen mineral spray is a lightweight, easy to apply, spot-on spray that’s super gentle for babies, kids and adults. Combine your daily moisturizer and SPF layering into one with this Supergoop! Superscreen face lotion. This is one of Thaggard’s (Supergoop! founder) go-to products for active days outside or at the beach. This PLAY Antioxidant Body Mist contains SPF 50 and Vitamin C. It’s a non-aerosol, water-resistant sunscreen body spray that leaves skin radiantly glowing. A body oil that contains SPF, adds hydration and doesn’t leave you feeling greasy? We’re in! When you’re by the pool or planning on being outside for extended periods of time, Marino recommends using the Glowstick paired with the Supergoop! Antioxidant SPF 50 Mist. “It’s super easy to re-apply the gel formula that comes in a stick and you can’t go wrong with their antioxidant SPF 50 mist to get the hard to reach areas,” she said. While you may have your super intense eye creams for bedtime, this Supergoop! mineral eye cream is great for the day since it features SPF 40 and is lightweight. For a natural makeup setting powder that can protect your skin from harmful UV rays, consider the Supergoop! (Re)setting option. Supergoop! even makes eyeshadow with SPF! Their Shimmershade cream shadows come in a variety of natural but shimmery shades to add a pop of color to your summer glow. If you prefer a mouse formula for your body sunscreen application, you can’t go wrong with the Supergoop! PLAY Body Mousse with SPF 50. This Sunnyscreen 100% Mineral Stick with SPF 50 is great for babies, kids and adults. The brand’s matte, 100% mineral sunscreen is a favorite of Dr. King. “[It] goes on very smoothly and leaves the skin matte and minimizes the appearance of pores,” she said — making it ideal to wear underneath makeup, too. For more recommendations check out the New York Post Shopping section.