You “Heard” wrong. Snapchat has dispelled a popular social media rumor that its viral, new crying face filter is based on actress Amber Heard weeping in court. The social media platform cleared the air in a statement to TMZ. For the digitally uninitiated, the filter is essentially an augmented-reality lens that you superimpose over people’s faces, turning them into a blubbering mess like a virtual Greek tragedy mask. The feature amassed over 1.3 billion Snapchat impressions since it premiered last week as social media users throw crying faces over videos across the web. At the same time, rumors began swirling that the feature was inspired by Heard’s tearful testimony in the ongoing defamation suit brought against her by ex-husband Johnny Depp. The “Aquaman” actress broke down in court last week, prompting die-hard Depp supporters to accuse her of “fake crying” and being a “bad actress.” “The Amber Heard filter is going hard, and they are killing me,” wrote one gullible gawker on Twitter of the alleged digital facsimile. Another mused, “New #AmberHeard Snapchat filter just dropped. Am ded.” One social media rumor merchant even posted a TikTok video juxtaposing the filter with Heard’s now-infamous “crying face.” Snapchat p.r. reps have since dismissed the rumors, insisting that the filter is not based on the “Justice League” star, TMZ reported. Not to mention that the company had begun developing the filter six months ago, well before Heard sobbed on the stand. Snapchat had also rolled out a smiley filter prior, so it was perhaps only logical that a sad face would follow. However, this wouldn’t have been the first time social media took potshots at the “Rum Diary” actress. Heard was recently ridiculed online over a statement in which she wincingly recalled how her “dog stepped on a bee” while describing a fight with then husband Depp. TikTokers lampooned the clip by editing in bits and stitching together videos of their own random rhymes and winces. The viral videos begin with the original “my dog stepped on a bee” bit from Heard’s testimony before TikTokers break out into their own poetry. “My dad has to pee,” one man says before user Cloeann Hardee sorrowfully says, “I forgot my house key” in a video that has amassed 6.3 million views. Depp is suing Heard for defamation over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed that the actress wrote, in which she said she was a victim of sexual violence. She did not specifically name Depp in the article, but it was written after Heard filed for a restraining order against her ex-husband in 2016 over abuse allegations. Depp is seeking $50 million in damages while Heard has filed a $100 million countersuit.