Today’s MLB schedule features 14 games on the board, but expert bettors are targeting a few games in particular. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified one side and two totals that trigger at least three of the above signals. So, without further delay, let’s take a look at the recommendations. Don’t look now, but the Tigers have now won two games in a row including yesterday’s series opener against the Guardians. Experts are targeting the Tigers once again as we’ve seen sharp action coming in on the hosts. Big money bettors are getting behind the Tigers as well – as of this writing, Detroit has seen only 29 percent of all moneyline bets, but 70 percent of the total handle. Further, one Action Network PRO system — Betting Against the Public — triggers the Tigers. That system, which looks for underdogs with less than 30 percent of bets, has a 45 percent historical win rate and an eight percent return on investment. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network have already bet the Tigers to give it four total signals in its favor. Odds via BetMGM. Detroit Tigers Moneyline (+145) These divisional foes will play the second of a four-game set today in Tampa and bettors are expecting strong defensive play. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on under 7.5 runs and has pushed the total down to seven runs (+105 the top price available at writing). Bettors can still find 7.5’s hanging out there, but will need to lay -125 in order to get the hook. Interestingly, big money has come in on the over, which has seen 56 percent of all bets and 65 percent of the handle as of this writing. However, two of the remaining three signals trigger the under. There’s a model projection edge on the total here as Action Network’s MLB power ratings make the total 6.85. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the under to round out the three signals going in its favor. Odds via BetMGM. Under 7 Runs (+105) The Brewers claimed the opening game against their divisional foes, but bettors are targeting the total here. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on under 7.5 runs, with the total dipping to seven runs as of this writing. Unlike Yankees-Rays, bettors don’t have the option of the hook here, but can find under seven runs in plus-money at most shops. Big money is also supporting the under here. At this writing, that market has seen 30 percent of all bets against 42 percent of the total handle. Finally, there’s one Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Unders for Winning Teams — that triggers this under. That system, which looks for an under percentage less than 35 percent featuring two winning teams, has a 55 percent historical win rate and eight percent return on investment. Under 7 Runs (+100)