A man who made a bet with an unlikely outcome has just eaten his words — and his shoe. Matt Patches, the deputy entertainment editor of Polygon who said in 2010 that he’d “eat a shoe” if Top Gun sequel ever happened, was forced to swallow his pride and some laces this week. On October 26, 2010, at exactly 7:42 pm., Patches declared on Twitter, “If ‘Top Gun 2’ happens, I will eat a shoe.” As “Top Gun: Maverick,” the highly-anticipated sequel to the classic ’80s movie, hits theaters Memorial Day weekend, Patches admitted, “I made a grave error.” The original tweet has since been deleted, but that hasn’t stopped it from resurfacing throughout the years. Paramount reportedly even joined in on the joke, sending Patches a cake shaped like a shoe. On Thursday, Patches uploaded a video to YouTube, titled “I ate a shoe because of Top Gun 2.” The 20 minute parody of the action thriller begins as Patches, doing his best Tom Cruise impression, details the saga that led him to this podiatric predicament, and his eventual decision to make his own edible creation of fruit leather, edible glue, and licorice laces. But it was no walk in the park — except when it was. Even if he couldn’t eat a real shoe, he did simulate one, by walking around his street and lawn in the edible footwear he’d cobbled together. “I had a very bad tummy ache that I have survived,” Patches later told Vanity Fair. Looking back at his tweet, the journalist attempted to justify his prior confidence that a “Top Gun” sequel would never be made. “It seemed impossible, but why would I doubt Tom Cruise? This was the biggest mistake, because Tom Cruise became more committed to doing stunts. I would totally underestimate him, because the incarnation of him where it’s like, ‘I’m gonna attach myself to a plane and fly in the sky’ — that didn’t exist yet,” he insisted. He highly doubts that “Top Gun” will spawn a third movie, but is hesitant to make any other wagers. “‘Top Gun 3’ won’t happen, but don’t look at me to eat another shoe,” he said.