An inside look at the field at how the 147th Preakness Stakes will play out: Current form: The Fountain of Youth winner ran third as the favorite in the Florida Derby, then finished well for fourth at 35-1 at Churchill Downs. Worth a Wager: Always shows up. He’s fast, and if the rail turns golden Saturday, he will vie for the lead but will have company. Jockey John Velazquez is 0-for-11 in the Preakness. We’re thinking 0-for-12. A tired fourth. Current form: Has won two in a row, both at 1 1/16 miles, latest with optional claimers. The gray Minister has never been in a stake race and … Worth a Wager: he has never raced this far. Supplemented for $150,000 to become eligible, so his connections believe. Will get a pace to chase, but closing kick will help him finish only fifth.  Current form: It took five starts but he graduated wire-to-wire at Tampa Bay. Never made the lead in the Blue Grass and walked home last of 11. Worth a Wager: Hey, Rich Strike won. Trainer Kevin McKathen: “To have an opportunity to take one of these babies all the way and see it through, good, bad or ugly it’s kind of neat to be a part of it.” Enjoy the day, Kevin. Last of nine. Current form: Secret Oath took a three-race winning streak to the Arkansas Derby and ran third to Cyberknife. Lukas opted for the Kentucky Oaks over the Derby and she rebounded. Worth a Wager: She’s got legs and she knows how to use them. Compromising trip at Arkansas. D. Wayne Lukas has won this race six times. Fillies have won it six times. Make it seven for both. Gets up to beat the boys. Winner. Current form: Never passed, winning the Withers by open lengths. Passed, 1/16th from home, by Mo Donegal in the Wood Memorial. Worth a Wager: Skipped the Derby to run here. Chad Brown compares him to his Preakness winner, Cloud Computing. Speedy, rested, but run down by Secret Oath. Second. Current form: Has one win from five starts. Reported home a distant third in both the San Felipe and Santa Anita Derby before an invisible 14th in the Derby. Worth a Wager: Never factored in Kentucky. Doug O’Neill adds blinkers and makes a rider change to Tyler Gaffalione, who rode War of Will to victory in the 2019 Preakness. Outkicked, seventh. Current form: Was fourth at 72-1 behind Happy Jack in the S.A. Derby. Moves to the Preakness off a dominating wire-to-window optional claiming victory. Worth a Wager: Bob Baffert is not at Pimlico. Neither are Messier nor Taiba. Armagnac is, and Irad Ortiz will have the Tim Yakteen trainee forwardly placed early on. Pressured pace will take its toll. Sixth. Current form: Went off the logical favorite in the Kentucky Derby after winning the Louisiana. Won the stretch duel with rival Zandon but a horse named Rich Strike took home the roses. Worth a Wager: Steve Asmussen: “Wanted to win it. Was meant to win it. Didn’t win it.” Tough beat, getting run down by the “also eligible 21.” Worthy fave in the second jewel, but he may take a step back. Third. Current form: Topped optional claimers at Gulfstream before running third, about three lengths behind Early Voting in the Wood. Worth a Wager: Saffie Joseph believes Skippy is improving and may relish the distance. Can’t see him outkicking stretch-running Secret Oath or passing the pace setters. Skip Skippy. Not last, eighth of nine.