This baby’s cleared for takeoff! A Frontier Airlines flight attendant helped a woman give birth during a cross-country flight — going “above and beyond” after the expecting mom woke up from a nap with intense contractions, airline officials said. “The baby couldn’t wait, so the early and unexpected labor took place on a flight from Denver International Airport to Orlando International Airport,” the airline posted on Facebook. That sent flight attendant Diana Giraldo into action in an “exemplary” and “calm” fashion as she helped the expecting mother, Shakeria Martin, into a back lavatory, where she delivered a newborn girl. “The whole crew really did a great job,” said Captain Chris Nye, who diverted the 3-hour flight to Pensacola International Airport to meet awaiting paramedics. “This was job well done, and I was happy to see everyone working together to successfully deliver a newborn on an aircraft!” Martin told the NBC’s “Today” she hadn’t expected the in-flight emergency and dozed off while in the air. “I was feeling fine and everything and so I went to sleep and I woke up and my contractions were, yeah,” Martin said. “The first thought that ran through my mind was this cannot be happening right now. This cannot be, there’s no way I could just have this baby on the plane.” But the newborn girl, Jada Lynn Sky, had other plans and made Martin a mom of four a bit earlier than expected. The baby’s middle name is a nod to the unforeseen in-flight delivery. “I go into the bathroom and like, two big pushes and the baby comes out,” Martin said. Nye had turned over flying duties to a first officer as Giraldo and the rest of the crew guided Martin to a rear bathroom. “I’m an older sister,” Giraldo told NBC. “And so, to me I saw this young woman, she was frightened, she was uncomfortable. There was no space inside of me for any doubt. I just had to make sure that I was there for her.” The newborn initially had trouble breathing, so Giraldo wrapped her in a blanket and held her at an incline to clear away any impeding fluids. “After a while, she started reacting and getting color back,” Giraldo said. “It’s a beautiful thing to bring life into the world.” Martin, meanwhile, gave a “big shout out” to entire crew for their efforts. “They made me feel so much more comfortable,” Martin recalled.