Bull-shot! The official White House Twitter account posted false COVID-19 information Thursday, wrongly claiming there was “no vaccine available” when President Biden took office in January 2021. “When President Biden took office, millions were unemployed and there was no vaccine available,” the verified account tweeted to its 7 million followers Thursday. “In the last 15 months, the economy has created 8.3 [million] jobs and the unemployment rate stands at 3.6% — the fastest decline in unemployment to start a President’s term ever recorded,” the tweet concluded. But eagle-eyed critics were quick to point out that the 79-year-old Biden actually received his first dose of the vaccine on December 2020 – a month before he moved in at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. One Twitter user even shared a photo of a masked Biden getting the jab. “Today, I received the COVID-19 vaccine,” read the president’s original tweet from Dec. 21, 2020. “To the scientists and researchers who worked tirelessly to make this possible – thank you. We owe you an awful lot. And to the American people – know there is nothing to worry about. When the vaccine is available, I urge you to take it.” Weeks later, on Jan. 13, 2021, the official White House account shared a 33-second video of then-President-elect Biden getting his second dose of the vaccine “because he trusts scientists.” “Our administration is committed to doing everything possible to ensure every American has all the information they need to get vaccinated,” the post concluded. Another tweet noted that the White House’s claim simply didn’t add up. “No vaccine available? What was president-elect Biden injected with? Sugar water?” the pointed reply read. “And [it] was his *second* shot! Maybe check your own tweets?” Another commenter, meanwhile, went all in on accusing the Biden administration of rewriting history. “Great point, Coach,” they tweeted sarcastically. “When America’s first president, Ben Franklin, discovered penicillin, it was one of the biggest medical advancements in human history. The fact that he did that while winning the Revolutionary War and inventing electricity makes it all the more remarkable.” “Who’s manning the @WhiteHouse Twitter account? Delete this false tweet,” implored Glenn Kessler, editor and chief writer of the Washington Post’s “Fact Checker” column. “Biden himself has said 8% of seniors had gotten the vaccine on the day he took office. Biden was one of them.” According to Our World in Data, more than 3 million Americans were considered fully vaccinated on Jan. 19, 2021, the day before Biden was sworn in as the 46th president. As of Friday, 257.7 million Americans have received at least one dose, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Twitter’s COVID-19 misinformation policy bars users from sharing “false or misleading” details about the virus that’s killed more than 6.2 million people globally, per Johns Hopkins University data. Messages seeking comment from Twitter and the White House Friday were not immediately returned.