The two greatest words in sports, Game 7. All the chips are on the table, winner advances and the loser goes home. Sports fans are spoiled with four Game 7’s on Sunday with two in the NBA and two in the NHL. The Bucks will travel to Boston in-front of a racous crowd to face the Celtics. The night-cap features Chris Paul and the Suns in a career defining game at home. A loss at home for Phoenix would be one of the most shocking defeats in NBA history. Let’s talk player prop bets for today’s huge NBA Game 7’s on Sunday.   A home role player who is averaging 30.3 minutes per game is in a good spot to get into double-figures on Sunday. We know Williams can shoot, evidenced by his six made 3-pointers in Game 2. Importantly, has not hit this number in any other game. However, Williams has been in serious foul trouble in nearly every game. If that continues he will likely be limited in aggressiveness on offense. This bet could be as simple as how much foulng he needs to do against Antetokounmpo tonight. However, 10+ points is the clear play for tonight’s game. FanDuel is the only sportsbook out there that has this tasty betting line on Sunday.. The leader and point guard of the Celtics has finally become the distributor that they need. If the Celtics want to win this game, Smart needs to help Tatum and Brown get cooking early and often. Smart had seven assists last time out and is over this number in two of his last three. Hater alert! Chris Paul has no legs left! In Games 5 and 6, Paul had just two rebounds in each game and barely produced offensively at all. This is a legacy game for CP3 — if he comes up short here it will be a career defining loss. Not adding his assists here because Deandre Ayton gets free dunks and layups whenever he wants. This was bet on BetMGM Sportsbook using their, one-game-parlay feature. Spencer Dinwiddie sighting in Dallas in Game 6! He had five 3s in that game, unlikely to do the same thing on the road in Phoenix for Game 7. However, +1400 is a crazy line to put on this. +900 is a more reasonable number for this longshot player prop bet.