Let’s face it — we all do a happy dance when we see one (or a few) Amazon Prime packages sitting on our doorstep. Whether you’re shopping for jewelry, swimsuits under $35 or air fryers, there’s always much to anticipate from Amazon — including thinking ahead for this year’s Father’s Day gift. Behold: the ultimate Father’s Day gift ideas list that’s Amazon-sourced for you to click “add to cart” and head to checkout in seconds. Whether dad has been saying he wants some new outdoor patio furniture or a freshly minted lawn mower for your yard (or, maybe something more personal, like dress pants and new shorts) — we have you covered. Ahead, shop the 50 best Amazon Father’s Day gifts for 2022 that’s perfect for all kinds of dads: the fathers who have everything, the guys who have a bit of a nerdy side and more. Coming in seven summertime-ready colors, Yeti’s Hopper Flip 18 Portable Cooler will become a life-changer for the warmer temps. Whether he’s going to take it with him on a picnic, a road trip or to the camping trails, this 16-can capacity is worth buying, especially since it’s leakproof and waterproof. If dad has a junk drawer (or, just happens to throw everything in his pockets on the nightstand), Tybelco’s Wood Phone Docking Station will change the game. Made of sleek maple-toned wood, it makes a great less-than-$50 gift. With a name like Fossil, how could you pass up this less-than-$75 watch? This beautiful brown leather band and navy face is one of our reader’s favorites from the holiday time, too, and it makes a nice show for anyone on your list. Whether dad is looking for a new pair of athletic shorts or ones to knock around in, Under Armour’s Men’s Tech Graphic Shorts are a No. 1 Amazon best-seller with more than 42K rave reviews. Not to mention, they’re offered in dozens of colors with a generous size range. If there’s anything we love, it’s comfort. That said, Nautica’s Men’s Soft-Woven 100% Cotton Pajama Pant is the less-than-$25 gift that’ll make any dad happy. If the father in your life is all about the home renovations, an outdoor patio furniture set may be what he’s after. Gift him Amazon’s best-selling five-piece bundle from Devoko, clad with a sectional sofa and a fabulous patio table that’s bound to match any space complete. As one of our favorite gift-esque bundles Amazon has to offer, Chemical Guys’ 16-Piece Car Wash Kit is next-level. If dad’s into how his car looks, he’ll be thrilled to unbox an all-you-can-want set filled with cleaning agents, towels and scrubbers. Sometimes, dads can just be late to the game. Bring him up to speed with Apple’s AirPods Pro, the how-did-I-live-without-it tech accessory that’s worth all the acclaim. Plus, it’s perfect to toss into his backpack or messenger bag. Let’s face it — when you think of Father’s Day, you think of grilling. Give dad the BBQ of a lifetime with Anpro’s 21-Piece Grilling Accessories Kit, clad with a spatula, fork, knife, tongs and more in an elegantly handled case. Plus, it’s affordable at less than $30. What’s trending now? Lawn mowers for sure, and, luckily, it may be on dad’s wishlist. The Greenworks 16″ Cordless Electric Lawn Mower is one of our favorites, namely for being lightweight and easy to maneuver. Plus, it comes with a grass collection bag. If dad loves convenience and practicality, we have to put FosPower’s Portable Hand-Crank Radio & Alarm gadget on your radar. With more than 25K rave reviews, it’s legendary for charging your phone and being multi-purpose; it’s a radio, an SOS alarm and a flashlight in one — making it the dad-approved emergency gadget to have on hand. Dubbed the quintessential dad shoe, New Balance’s all-white 608 V5 Sneakers are basic and even on-trend right now. If you’re seeking a less-than-$50 Father’ Day gift, you can’t go wrong with these. For some smaller spaces, grills can be troublesome to display, use and store. To solve that issue, Pit Boss Grills has a phenomenal portable grill with two burners to serve up burgers and hot dogs to perfection. It even has a latching hood for easy-carry protection. Enter one of the most ultimate Father’s Day gifts that he’ll be talking about all the time: eTape16’s Digital Electronic Tape Measure. As its name suggests, it provides precise, accurate measuring, removing the guesswork and increasing efficiency when working. Whether he needs them for an upcoming wedding or to keep on rotation for his 9-to-5, dress pants are an article of clothing men can never have too many of. This pair from Amazon Essentials has nearly 12K positive reviews and comes in khaki and other neutrals. If your dad is anything like ours, you’ve probably heard him talk about drills close to a million times. For a supreme gift (which has more than 28K rave reviews, BTW), the Black+Decker’s 20V Max Cordless Drill is fairly priced, has an 11-position clutch for precise control and pairs well with a nail hardware set to make this a DIY Father’s Day themed gift. Surely, one of the fathers in your life is sure to love beer. To complete his sipping experience, gift Host’s Freeze Beer Glasses. Conveniently, it’s a two-pack bundle so he can always have one stashed in the freezer while the other is in the dishwasher. If dad is always talking about needing to transition into using more modern devices (perhaps with one of the smart home devices on Amazon we rounded up), the Google Nest Learning Thermostat is a great start. With this, you can auto-schedule your desired temperature and control it from anywhere with the paired Nest app. To pair nicely with the beach chairs you’ll be enjoying this summer season, the Rio Beach Wonder Wheeler Cart will make all those beach treks and travels just a bit easier. Not to mention, there’s plenty of room to store swim trunks and a beach umbrella, too. Just like beauty lovers cycle through lip glosses and retinol creams, all men rotate their selection of white tees. Keep dad’s inventory plentiful with Hanes’ three-pack of 100% Cotton White T-Shirts. For less than $15, it’s a steal this Father’s Day. It’s time to talk about the hottest Father’s Day gift you can buy on Amazon — literally. TRUFF’s well-acclaimed truffle hot sauce is a top-notch buy, especially given the flavor options: hot, hotter, white, white hotter, hot/hot and hot/hotter. It’s a fiery buy for the flavor-lover. With nearly 11K reviews filled with love and recommendation, Van Heusen’s Men’s Dress Shirt is one of Amazon’s best offerings yet. Featured in seven must-buy shades and a generous size range, dad will be happy to have another one to add to his collection. Our readers love rowing machines, so it’s only natural we recommend it as a fine choice for dad this Father’s Day. To complete his home gym setup, Sunny Health & Fitness’ model is, impressively, less than $300 if you’re looking to splurge or team up with siblings. If dad is a connoisseur of wines (bonus points if he has a sick bar car setup), then Rustic State’s Solid Wood Wine & Stemware Rack is top-tier (pun totally intended). The Tuscan-inspired decor piece holds up to six glasses and four wine bottles comfortably, too. If you’re really in a pickle over what to get dad, an Amazon Gift Card has to be No. 1 on the Safest Father’s Day Gifting Options guide. Conveniently, you can select your preferred amount, and it comes encased in a bow-tie box to take wrapping off your to-do list. If there’s a big-ticket item on dad’s list this year, it’s a ladder — without fail. Boasting more than 15K reviews is this Multi-Position Ladder from Little Giant. It’s made of strong aluminum, is adjustable and is easy to carry and store in your garage. This edit would be incomplete without a mention of a grooming kit to gift the father in your life. Philip’s Norelco 23-piece bundle is extraordinary with close to 50K rave reviews. Notably, it includes two times more self-sharpening blades than the average brand, all of which last for at least five years. Who doesn’t love mediterranean cooking? This all-in-one cookbook from America’s Test Kitchen is the perfect gift for the foodie father you know, especially for detailing more than 500 fresh, delicious recipes with a lean on seafood, whole grains and seasoned meat dishes. You can’t beat Kanu Surf’s Men’s Barracuda Swim Trunks. With more than 65K ratings from happy Amazon customers, they come in every color and print you can think of (fit for any type of dad, TBH). Oh, and we love the super affordable price point. To connect multiple devices, a USB-C hub is the way to go. Gift the dad in your life this modern, high-tech one from Amazon that’s just less than $30. So, you can use your AirPods, phone and USB microphone simultaneously. Leather belts are one of the most universal fashion pieces men can wear, so why not treat dad to a quality one from Timberland? This waist accessory has nearly 35K fabulous reviews, is made of 100% genuine leather and has a handsome antique-finish buckle. Sometimes, dad just needs a practical pair of sunglasses to protect his eyes and toss on in a jiffy. Under Armour’s Rectangular Sunglasses fit the bill, offering an effective tinted lens, durable temples and universal design. For the price, they’re worth it. Say goodbye to clunky wallets. With Travando’s Slim Wallet, dad will enjoy the convenience of a slim card and cash-carrying slot that’s paper-thin. Its included clip is a nice touch, too, making it easier than ever to pay at stores and restaurants. If your dad doesn’t already have a game of cornhole, let’s change that. With a storage case and included beans for tossing (hopefully in the hole), this classic set is a no-brainer this Father’s Day. As one of our personal favorites, Herschel’s Novel Duffel Bag is a high-quality gift without the super-high ticket price. Dad will enjoy the shoulder strap option in addition to its included handles, too, and its minimalist design is one everyone is bound to fancy. If dad is into waffles, Bella’s Classic Rotating Nonstick Belgian Waffle Maker is where it’s at. It couldn’t be easier to use, either (or store, thanks to its compact design), and it’s a great gift for less than $50 — especially if he’s a breakfast connoisseur. We’ve gifted personalized cufflinks before (spoiler alert: the set makes a stellar gift). Paired with a stainless tie clip, you can’t find a more polished gift for the father you know who loves to get dressed up (or, simply wears dress clothes often). OK, this may seem like an unconventional gift — but hear us out. Though we love our K-cup pods, cold brew is well-favored, too. If dad enjoys coffee, this on-the-tap, ready-to-drink espresso roast is next-level, especially as a sweet treat he likely wouldn’t buy himself. You simply can’t beat J.A. Henckels — its knifes are world-class and chef-grade (Gordon Ramsay would be proud), and this 19-Piece Knife Set comes with a cherry block that makes a nice showpiece on your kitchen counter. Plus, when paired with a knife sharpener, it’s an all-around great gift. As a No. 1 Amazon best-seller, KissTies’ Solid Satin Tie comes in a wide color palette, includes a gift box (how Father’s Day-appropriate) and is made with jacquard woven microfiber to wear on upscale occasions. For less than $15, you can’t beat it. With a whopping 140K Amazon reviews, Yeti’s Rambler 20 oz. Tumbler is the Kate Middleton of drinkware. Simply choose dad’s favorite color and he’ll enjoy its dishwasher-safe nature and on-the-go convenience all the same. When in doubt, buy socks. With more than 163K reviews (who knew Amazon shoppers were gung-ho about socks?), select from a number of colors to pair with some comfortable hiking shoes. Pro tip: if dad is outdoorsy, buy this bundle ASAP. It’s fishing season, folks, and we can’t wait to cast our bait. Plusinno’s Fishing Rod & Reel combo is less than $50, comes in different sizes and is equipped for high-strength, much ado to its deep aluminum spool and one line hole. If he loves all things freshwater, he’ll adore this gift. Say hello to the ultimate party game that will instantly become dad’s tried-and-true favorite. New Phone, Who Dis? is a newer release from the makers of What Do You Meme? and is bound to have the entire room laughing (just trust us on this). As one of our favorite brands for record players, Victrola makes it possible to listen to music seamlessly and quite modernly, though the countertop spinner is quite vintage. It comes in an excellent color range and, when paired with dad’s favorite records, it’ll be a hit. We’re about to explain why dress shoes are worth gifting for dad: (1) they’re practical, (2) everyone wears them at one point throughout the year and (3) they’re worth every penny for commuters and party-goers alike. Plus, the wingtip is super snazzy. Elevate dad’s productivity with Moleskin’s Classic Hard Cover Notebook. It’s a fan-favorite (with more than 18K reviews from happy note-takers) and comes in a variety of colors to make a great gift for everyone on your list — not just your father. If we’re being honest, Knock Knock’s “What I Love About Dad” Fill-in-the-Blank Journal is the perfect sentimental gift that’s only $10. Upon going down memory lane through the included prompts, dad will be sure to smile. Great to adorn your fireplace or outdoor area, Marshall’s Emberton Bluetooth Portable Speaker is a luxury gift for him he’ll rave about for months on end. We love it for having multi-directional sound (perfect for entertaining!) and running for more than 20 hours before its next charge. As an essential to anyone’s wardrobe, athletic tanks are the perfect way to ring in summer. Dad will surely love this three-pack of breathable, functional and stylish tops — especially for breaking a sweat in one of our favorite treadmills and elliptical machines. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.