It’s a sleek and contemporary New York-style apartment in the heart of Beverly Hills: a penthouse dubbed One LA that recently hit the market for $75 million. If it sells for the asking price, the newly constructed penthouse will break the record for the highest-priced condominium sale in the City of Angels. The property is located on the top two floors of the new Four Seasons Private Residences Los Angeles, a 12-story tower with 58 other residences — with prices ranging from $3 million to $8.5 million, these apartments are decidedly more within reach. Spanning nearly 13,000 square feet with an additional 6,000 square feet of terraces, One LA is sold as an open space so that owners can customize the number of bedrooms and bathrooms they want and create their ideal layout. Nearly every vantage point in the home offers 360-degree views of Los Angeles and the mountains beyond, and sliding glass walls are a feature throughout. Billy Rose, the sales director for the building, says that the entry-level has 10,000 square feet of interior space while most of the outdoor space is on the upper level terrace, which has a swimming pool and two reflecting ponds. “The penthouse marries the New York sophistication and wow factor with the year-round outdoorsy setting of California,” he said. “That doesn’t exist in Los Angeles. The stunning properties here are these huge single-family homes.” The building itself is as impressive as the penthouse. Celebrity designer Martyn Lawrence Bullard is behind the interiors and was inspired by mid-century style. Many of the furniture pieces and materials such as terrazzo in the common spaces are a throwback to this 1950s and 60s aesthetic. And then there are the long lineup of amenities for all residents: an indoor-outdoor fitness center, a Zen garden, a private training room, a swimming pool with private cabanas, a lounge, IMAX movie theater and valet parking. A 24-hour concierge is on hand to tend to every need, whether that means arranging for a celebrity chef to cook dinner or finding the best photographer in town for an event. Rose calls the building “paparazzi-proof” because of its private, underground garage with an elevator that takes owners directly to their apartments. It also features private garages within the private garage. What other amenity could be more fitting for the new owner of the most expensive condo in town?