She took a real brow-beating. A Texas woman is raising eyebrows — and racking up hundreds of thousands of views — on TikTok after a microblading session went disastrously awry, leaving her with “horrifying” emoji-esque brows that terrify her 3-year-old daughter. Crystal Weinstock’s hair-raising misadventure is going viral as internet gawkers tease her, well, very exaggerated brows. “I never in a million years could have guessed that they would have turned out like they did,” Weinstock, 37, told Caters News Agency of the cosmetic catastrophe. “At the end of the session, [the cosmetologist] looked and told me not to freak out.” The Houston native had gone to get her eyebrows microbladed, an advanced beautification procedure that involves using superfine needles to deposit pigments into the skin, thereby creating the impression of a fuller brow, according to the experts at Hair.com. It’s like tattooing — or surgically drawing on your eyebrows. “I had been thinking about getting microblading on my eyebrows for quite some time,” explained the mother of two. “As a busy mother, I found that trying to fill in my brows and make sure they were the right shape took so long. I thought that having microblading would be a great idea.” Unfortunately, Weinstock’s first two microblading procedures, which occurred in the fall, failed because she started bleeding, preventing the pigment from sticking to her skin. So, she went to a “semi-permanent make-up artist,” who “did some research on how she could get the pigment to stay better,” the patient explained. “After lots of back and forth, I didn’t get my next session until the end of April,” described Weinstock. “She told me her equipment had arrived and to meet her at the salon.” She added, “It was quite late and last minute, but I was looking forward to hopefully having some better results.” Weinstock first felt something was awry after the makeup artist drew up a nanoblading blueprint, which she thought made her dyebrows look bushy and unnatural. “I said that I just wanted my brows to be filled in rather than made any bigger,” said the alarmed patient, who works as a dental hygienist. She said she eventually came around after her microblade artist reassured her that “they wouldn’t be too thick because she would be filling in within the lines,” adding that she “couldn’t wait to see my eyebrows.” Alarm bells went off a second time after the procedure went on for far too long. “After a couple of hours it felt a little too much,” explained Weinstock. “I could feel a lot of going back and forth, over and over again.” The increasingly concerned salon-goer added: “She said she thought she might have gone too high with the hair stroke — but it was fine because she would order remover to correct it.” That’s when Weinstock first laid eyes on dye-saster. “When I took that first glance in the mirror, I couldn’t believe my eyes,” the horrified woman said of her brows, which, per the photos, were cartoonishly bushy like that of an Angry Bird. The cosmetician claimed things would improve after the swelling receded, but the next day her caterpillars still looked like an aesthetic nightmare. “My daughter, Elena, came into my bedroom to wake me up and she got such a fright,” described Weinstock. “She started freaking out. I saw the fear in my daughter’s eyes and my heart dropped.” She added, “I was trying to stay calm and do some research on how I could fix them, but I was mortified.” Searching on the internet did little to assuage Weinstock’s fears: “After googling ‘botched eyebrows,’ I realized mine was much worse than the ones I was seeing so I started panicking even more,” lamented the beleaguered woman. And while the aforementioned makeup artist sent her some remover, Weinstock decided to seek other corrective options. She eventually managed to get booked for an emergency removal at Her Velvet Hands in Houston and is receiving follow-up treatment in California nearly 3,000 miles away from her home. “I have recently had my second removal session by Erica Kovitz of Beverly Hills Microblading in California,” said Weinstock. “She is committed to helping me on this reversal journey and has even set up a GoFundMe page for travel expenses that I will incur for the remainder of the process.” As of Thursday morning, the fund-raising efforts have raised $2,185. Weinstock said she’s also treating the botched dye job with a saline solution that she pours onto her open wounds to break down the pigment. “You then have to wait for it to scab and wait for the results,” added the patient, who’s currently waiting for the area to scab over. Despite her multiple procedures, Weinstock claims it “could take up to a year of removals and laser” to remedy the eyesore. “Some of the harsher lines seem to be lessening, but it is still so obvious,” added the distraught gal, who hopes her story will help prevent others from suffering the same fate. “Although it is embarrassing to share my story, I hope it makes people realize how important it is to check credentials and show artists that are getting into the field that their clients are real people that have to deal with the consequences,” she said. In a similar eyebrow fiasco in March, a woman was left with ink streaks on her face after her friend tried to tattoo her eyebrows.