At least eight people were shot — two fatally — during a bloody night across the Big Apple, cops said. Brandon Atkinson, 39, was shot in the head at the corner of Avenue D and East Third Street in Alphabet City around 11:20 p.m. Sunday, cops said. Atkinson, of the Bronx, was rushed to Bellevue Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. No arrests were immediately made, and police did not know the circumstances leading up to the slaying Monday morning. Earlier in the evening, Gabriel Ramirez Gomez, 27, was gunned down at Rogers Place and Dawson Street near Bill Rainey Park in the Bronx, according to police. Ramirez Gomez was involved in a dispute during a baseball game at the nearby park when authorities believe he first fired a shot. When he fled the scene on a moped, multiple shots rang out and he was struck in the chest around 7:45 p.m., cops said. He was rushed to Lincoln Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. A 43-year-old woman who was sitting on a bench nearby and not involved in the dispute was grazed in the right leg, cops said. She was taken to the same hospital, where she was listed in stable condition. Hours later, a 24-year-old man was shot as he got out of his car near a deli at West 47th Street and 10th Avenue in Hell’s Kitchen around 5 a.m. Monday, authorities said. He drove himself to Mount Sinai West, where he was initially listed in critical condition, but his condition stabilized after surgery, cops said. Just after 4 a.m., a man was shot in the thumb on West 207th Street near Broadway in Inwood, authorities said. He was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital for treatment. In Queens, a 47-year-old man was blasted in the arm as he took the garbage out on George Street near Seneca Avenue in Ridgewood around 2:30 a.m., police said. He was taken to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center in stable condition. Police did not immediately know whether he was the intended target. Around 12:15 a.m., a 22-year-old man was shot in the arm and a 19-year-old man struck in the leg on Cherry Street near Pike Slip on the Lower East Side, cops said. The suspects got out of a car and fired into a crowd, striking the pair, police said. Both were taken to Bellevue Hospital, where they are listed in stable condition. In total, 15 people were shot across the city over the weekend: four people in three incidents on Friday, six people in five shootings on Saturday, and five people in four Sunday shootings, police said. The numbers are down from that three-day period last year, when a total of 26 people were shot in 20 incidents, according to authorities.