Friday’s MLB schedule features a full 15-game slate, but expert bettors have focused in on a few games. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edges and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. The following three plays – one side and two totals – trigger a majority of the above signals. Without further hesitation, let’s dive into the report’s recommendations. The Orioles and Tigers – two of Major League Baseball’s worst teams – open a three-game series Friday. Bettors are interested in the Tigers, on which we’ve tracked early sharp action on its moneyline. Big money bettors are also interested in the Tigers, which has seen 55 percent of all bets and 80 percent of the total handle at this writing. That represents the fifth-highest money percentage Friday amongst teams with a moneyline price of -150 or lower. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Tigers tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. Detroit Tigers Moneyline (-145) The Guardians and Twins open a three-game divisional series Friday in the Twin Cities and bettors are interested in the total. The opening line for Friday’s contest was 8.5 runs, but we’ve seen sharp action come in on the under that has seen it tick down a half-run (Under 8.5 runs is still available at some shops, but with -120 juice). Additionally, big money backers are interested in the under as well. As of this writing, that side of the total has seen 53 percent of all bets against 66 percent of the total handle. Lastly, two top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are recommending the under tonight to provide that side a third signal in its favor. Under Eight Runs (+100)  Coors Field is known for its overs, and expert opinions think this game will feature a lot of runs. The opening total was set at 10.5 runs — a number that has largely held firm at most books — with sharp action hitting the over. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the over as well. At this writing, the over has seen 52 percent of all total bets against 74 percent of the total handle. That represents the fourth-highest money percentage across today’s 15-game slate. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is recommending the over too to give this side three of a possible five signals. Over 10.5 Runs (-103)