The Hamptons hotel scene is moving well beyond cozy little roadside spots to high-design boutiques and even mini-resorts. Several splashy new entries will open their doors on the North and South Forks this summer, while existing favorites are getting exciting updates. Here are a few to book (and brag about) this season. The team that transformed the old East Hampton Point into chic EHP Resort & Marina, and opened waterfront restaurant, Sí Sí, will unveil its latest property on Memorial Day. Minutes from Ponquogue Beach, it will offer nine bungalows with views of Shinnecock Bay. Don’t miss Crash Cantina, the Inn’s new Latin-accented restaurant, serving dishes such as fluke ceviche verde, local oysters and Yucatán ribs — along with an array of margaritas. Long Island developers (and cousins) Mitchell and Gregg Rechler have restored this historic 17th-century waterside inn. Its 20 rooms and five cottages are set on six landscaped acres; resort-style amenities include a heated pool, a fitness center, private boat slips and a beach shuttle. A full-service spa overseen by Onda Beauty (the skin-care retailer co-founded by Naomi Watts) and a Mediterranean restaurant will complete the luxe offerings. Just across from East Hampton’s picturesque pond, this longtime favorite stay isn’t resting on its laurels. The boutique hotel’s Living Room restaurant is relaunching with a seafood focus and a new chef (Andrew Doran, a veteran of Inlet and Salt) at the helm. Its front lawn will also host a wine stand, while a new beach butler program will chauffeur guests to the water, with towels, umbrellas and picnic baskets in tow. This hopping spot (with a poolside scene orchestrated by restaurateur Michael Pitsinos) has added three new executive suites and will be accepting cryptocurrency as payment this season, which should put a smile on the faces of its finance following. Capri’s main restaurant, Naia, will morph from global to Greek; on weekends, book a spot at the new sushi bar, manned by a former Nobu chef. Stacey Soloviev, whose family owns Peconic Bay Vineyards on the North Fork, spearheaded the total renovation of this Shelter Island classic, due to open in late June. The porch, which overlooks the water, now spills onto terraces tricked out with fire pits, woven hanging chairs and sofas; rooms are also refreshed, with Frette linens and other luxe amenities. New food and drink concepts, overseen by chef Noah Schwartz, include the Tavern restaurant, Weakfish Sushi & Noodle and a cafe/wine bar. On the North Fork, entrepreneur Jonathan Tibett and his partners (who previously revamped the North Fork Table & Inn) are unveiling a beautifully designed boutique hotel on the bones of the former Heron Suites in Southold. Guests (who can choose to arrive by water, docking on one of the property’s 20 boat slips) are greeted by a large Oriano Galloni sculpture on the front lawn, before walking into a main lobby that overlooks Peconic Bay. (A charter boat is available for excursions.) The Shoals’ 20 cedar-shingled guest suites each come with their own kitchenette and a private balcony or patio. If you don’t feel like cooking, grab a nosh from Little Ram Oyster Company’s on-site food truck, serving raw-bar bites, lobster rolls, salads and bento boxes from chef François Payard, who’s just launched the nearby eatery Southold Social. Shelter Island’s Petry family has run this Adirondack-style resort since 1961. They’ve now partnered with Cape Resorts (which owns the charmingly chic Baron’s Cove in Sag Harbor) on a complete renovation, set to be unveiled in early July. The property overlooks Peconic Bay and encompasses a main structure with 49 rooms, cottages outfitted with fireplaces, and 7 acres of beachfront. Other enticements include a large heated pool, tennis courts, paddle boards, kayaks, a fitness room, a spa, a hammam and a restaurant serving American fare. If that’s not enough to entertain hotel guests, they’re also welcome to use the facilities at Baron’s Cove.