An ex-porn star demanded that Elon Musk ban X-rated content when he takes over Twitter, accusing the social-media giant of being “the largest distributor of illegal content to minors.” Lisa Ann, 49, who made a name for herself in the adult film industry by parodying Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin in several videos, told listeners on her podcast last week that Musk needs to take action in order to protect children. “Something I really hope Elon Musk takes a step ahead and says, ‘we’re not doing this anymore’, and if we are, you’ll have to enter in your birthday, there will have to be an ID situation, there will be levels to this sh-t, that’s what I’m hoping,” she said. Ann said there was no contradiction between her message and her career as a pornographic film star. “Yes, I did porn for many years of my life, and I’m not hiding my past as people tell me every day on social media when I’m wearing clothes, ‘Why are you trying to deny your past? You’re this, you’re that,'” she said. “I’m not, I’m just evolving, and we’re all allowed to evolve,” she added. “So my disdain for porn on social media has nothing to do with porn, other than the fact that you are sharing it on platforms that have no age gate.” The Post has reached out to Twitter seeking comment. Twitter is one of the few social media platforms that allows porn, though users aren’t allowed to post explicit content in profile photos, header images, or live feeds. Facebook and Instagram do not allow nudity or explicit content on their platforms. Pornographic material can be shared within tweets, but the person sharing the content must mark the account as sensitive, which then prompts a warning message to users who must acknowledge whether they want to see that content. Twitter’s terms of service stipulate that the company could remove accounts devoted solely to explicit content, but the service has generally been lax in enforcing it. Musk, 50, is in the process of buying out Twitter shareholders and taking the company private after the board of directors approved his $44 billion takeover bid last month. In his public statements, Musk vowed to do away with censorship on Twitter. His pending acquisition has stoked excitement among conservatives that he would do away with some of the service’s content moderation policies, potentially paving the way for the return of former President Donald Trump and other controversial figures on the right. Trump said last month that he has no intention of returning to Twitter – where his account has been permanently banned since the Jan. 6 Capitol riot – and that he would remain on Truth Social. “I am not going on Twitter, I am going to stay on Truth,” Trump told Fox News at the time. “I hope Elon buys Twitter because he’ll make improvements to it and he is a good man, but I am going to be staying on Truth.” Musk’s ownership of Twitter has roiled some left-leaning employees and outside pundits who have expressed fears that his free speech emphasis will empower the far-right.