The deranged Texas mass shooter stalked Robb Elementary School until he found an unlocked classroom door — then growled “look at what we have here” before opening fire on a classroom of fourth graders, the mother of a student told The Post. Students hiding in the dark under a large desk in a locked classroom heard Salvador Ramos, 18,  fire a gunshot into the room and check its door handle before moving down the hall to slaughter 19 children, the parent said. “My daughter says she heard the gunmen enter her building…trying to get into a couple of classrooms including hers by grabbing the door knob but was unsuccessful,”  the mom, who asked not to be named, wrote to The Post. “Then she said, ‘I heard him say, ‘Well look at what we have here’’ and the door slammed and [she] heard the gun fire erupt.” Ramos then barricaded himself in the classroom and killed 19 students and two teachers, authorities said. The woman said her daughter’s teacher had rushed kids  “underneath a big desk, locked the door [and] shut off the lights” after hearing Ramos slaughter two people working outside nearby. As the teacher frantically tried to close the window blinds,  gunfire broke the window and “shattered her glasses,” the mom said. Terrified students remained crouched under the desk for the next 40 minutes before border patrol officials pulled them to safety through the window of the classroom, the mom said. “[My daughter’s] legs had fallen asleep along with another young girl,” she said. “Border patrol had to carry her to safety because her legs were asleep and couldn’t run.” “She was the 6th one out, the shooter I believe was still active during that time,” the mom said. She added that border patrol agents saved more kids than police, who have been criticized  for not entering the school quickly enough. “There was a ton of law enforcement standing outside the perimeter but border patrol agents were the ones getting these kids out,” she said. Authorities say Ramos shot his grandmother in the face before massacring 19 children and two teachers at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde  Tuesday.