The first significant free agent in the next class is about two months from being available to teams. Michael Conforto will be open to signing a contract with a club after the July 17-19 draft, his agent, Scott Boras, told The Post. Once the draft concludes, the draft-pick compensation tied to Conforto because the Mets made him the qualifying offer vanishes. As Boras said, “No team will sign Michael before then.” But, Boras said, “multiple” clubs have called to inquire about his availability after the draft and “once the draft takes place will try to sign Michael Conforto.” Conforto was the highest profile free agent who did not sign a contract after last season. Boras revealed in April that Conforto injured his shoulder during the MLB-imposed lockout and needed surgery that month. The initial reports were that Conforto would miss the rest of the 2022 season. But Boras said there are scenarios, if Conforto stays ahead in his rehab process, in which the lefty might be able to hit for a team in September. “There is a possibility the swinging modality can be back to normal at a much earlier date than the throwing aspect,” Boras said. “He had his surgery in April. There’s a chance depending on how he progresses that [hitting in the majors late in the season] is a possibility.” No team is going to gamble on Conforto without a physical that notably checks out the condition of his shoulder. In addition, if a club were to sign Conforto before the end of the season without 100 percent certainty that he would be able to hit in September, it would probably want a favorable guarantee or option for 2023 that would allow Conforto to rebuild his value to go back into free agency after that season. So it remains a possibility that Conforto waits until after the season to sign. Boras said Conforto is training daily near his home in Arizona and doing well with the rehab. Conforto, who turned 29 on March 1, followed a terrific performance in the shortened 2020 season by hitting just .232 with 14 homers and a .729 OPS last year. He then rejected the $18.4 million qualifying offer, which would have made him a signed player with the Mets for the 2022 season. “He’s clearly going to have the ability to examine the situation [of signing before the offseason],” Boras said. “It’s kind of a unique thing. Because Michael Conforto is a free agent months before anyone else, he will be out there and clubs can calibrate on Michael Conforto before any other [free agents].”