Sean Reid-Foley’s season could be over. The right-handed reliever will at least be out a considerable amount of time. An MRI exam on Sunday revealed a partially torn UCL ligament in the reliever’s right elbow, the Mets announced. He will meet with team doctors and medical personnel to determine the next step. “We wouldn’t have pitched him [if we knew it was bothering him],” manager Buck Showalter said before the Mets-Phillies series finale at Citi Field Sunday night. “It’s unfortunate. We’re lucky that in today’s world it’s something that can be fixed.” Reid-Foley, who felt discomfort while pitching in Saturday’s loss to the Phillies and took himself out, had struggled prior to the injury, pitching to a 5.40 ERA in 10 innings. He was scored upon in four of his seven outings. The Mets recalled Yoan Lopez from Triple-A Syracuse to fill Reid-Foley’s spot on the roster. Starling Marte was dropped to seventh in the batting order and Jeff McNeil was elevated to third, a move that Showalter said was meant mostly to balance out the batting order against the Phillies’ left-handed heavy bullpen. But Marte is in funk, with just three hits in his past 22 at-bats and is slashing just .224/.290/.318. McNeil, meanwhile, is batting .328 and has been one of the Mets’ most consistent hitters despite batting near the bottom of the order most of the year. “Marte will be back up there,” Showalter said. “It slots better as the game progresses this way. … We all know that Marte is going to hit more and he’s had some good outings. You look at RBIs and things he’s done already, if you don’t dwell on certain numbers.” Tomas Nido was behind the plate catching Max Scherzer again Sunday night, as he was in Scherzer’s previous four starts. But Showalter insisted Nido isn’t the ace’s personal catcher. The two catchers, Nido and James McCann, have mostly split playing time so far this season. “He’s got comfort with both of them, he’ll be the first to tell you,” Showalter said of Scherzer. “Just because of the way it fell a little bit. I think next time out or maybe the time after that you’ll see [McCann] catching him. It’s something that won’t become a trend.” Outfielder Mark Canha was given the night off. He’s fine physically. … Luis Guillorme made his first start of the series at second base with McNeil moving to left field.