She was naked and unafraid. A Canadian woman proved that mothers are real-life superheroes after incredibly rescuing her pet goose from a bald eagle — while breastfeeding her baby. A video of her miraculous save currently boasts 7.1 million views on TikTok. “I mean it’s definitely not something you see every day,” Cait Oakley, 31, told Canada’s Chek News of the brave act, which occurred Wednesday evening while the North Saanich resident was at home with her four-month-old daughter. Per the clip’s caption, the stay-at-home mother of three had “lost three chickens in the last week.” Oakley initially thought the culprit was a hawk until she witnessed her pet Sebastopol goose named Frankie be swooped up by a bald eagle as she was nursing the baby, wearing just underwear at the time. The dramatic clip, shot by the family’s home security system, begins with Frankie honking hysterically while at the front door of a house. All of a sudden, a bald eagle dive bombs the hapless featherbag and proceeds to fly off with it while Oakley yells “Hey!” repeatedly in the background. The bird burglar carries its quarry to the driveway before the owner runs out of the house in just her underwear with no top while holding her baby. This prompts the raptor to drop Frankie, whereupon the frightened animal runs back to the house. Reflecting on the wild goose chase, Oakley exclaimed, “I was in the middle of feeding her, so that’s why I didn’t have a shirt on and was kind of getting ready for the evening. “I just ran outside and when Mike [her husband] came out he was like, ‘you’re topless.’” she added. “And I’m like yeah, no, I’m very aware. Sorry neighbors.” Thankfully, Frankie came away from the attack unscathed, the CBC reported. “She’s totally fine — super sassy, as always,” said the interspecies savior, who recently posted a video of herself consoling her pet following the traumatic incident. TikTok was awestruck by the goose parent’s heroic deed, which Oakley chalked up to her instinctive “fight-or-flight” response. “Not all heroes wear capes,” gushed one online admirer. “This was awesome.” “This is absolutely not what I was expecting and I don’t know you but I adore you and want to be your best friend,” fawned another. Meanwhile, one jokester quipped, “not all heroes wear clothes.” Others commended Frankie for possessing the wherewithal to run to the door and alert its owner of the danger. “The way she was calling for you at the door, smart goose,” said one animal fan, while another wrote, “She was hollering at the door trying to warn before the eagle even swooped in.” “She always alerts us when something bad is in the yard,” wrote Oakley, who ironically bought Frankie to protect the family chickens. “She’s like my fourth child,” gushed the proud goose mother. “She follows me around the yard … she’ll nip at our clothes for a treat. She’s just such a large presence.” However, due to the rampant eagle attacks — and perhaps the fact that the chickens’ guard goose nearly became lunch itself — the family has installed netting on the property to ward off future fly-jackings. Looking back, Oakley says that she’s not too surprised by the incident. “As a mom of three I’m always breastfeeding and it’s so natural, that’s mom life summed up, something is always going on when I’m feeding her and I’m always on the go,” she said.  