While you raise your glass Saturday in celebration of National Homebrew Day, here are some lager-ific stories worth toasting. Since 1988, the first Saturday in May has been marked by the American Homebrewers Association as the Big Brew. It’s a day to celebrate the most delicious hobby there is – homebrewing. Whether it’s your first batch or you are a seasoned brewer, May 7 is a day celebrated globally. If you are looking for some weather-named brews that were not only highly rated but seemed like something FOX Weather would cheer to, here’s the perfect story. As a Colorado beer drinker, FOX Weather senior digital producer Heather Brinkmann likes to think she has a pretty good taste for trying different beers. But as a meteorologist, she said she will always gravitate to try a weather-named brew or even a weather-themed brewery. Bad Weather Brewery in Saint Paul, Minnesota, is the perfect example. The brewery is not only wonderfully named, but it has beers like Fog of War (a Hazy IPA) and Sun Pillar (a Belgian blonde ale). Seeing the lightning merchandise and the brewery’s growlers will make you wish you brought a bigger carry-on. We’ve just begun to tap the keg for National Homebrew Day. Click here to read about a Florida company that is taking the brewing industry by storm with its unique capturing and reusing of carbon emissions during the beer-making process. With a name like Big Storm, it’s no wonder why the Florida brewery is forcefully working to reduce its carbon footprint one beer at a time. Big Storm Brewing Company uses innovative technology to reduce its carbon emissions, becoming the first Florida distiller and brewer to do so. The brewing company is working with Earthly Labs and their innovative system. CiCi is Earthly Lab’s carbon-capturing technology, allowing for energy-efficient capture, purification and reuse of carbon dioxide from small-scale sources. And we leave you with this … the world’s deepest hot spring is helping for not only relaxation purposes but to power more than 30 businesses in a small Colorado town, including a brewery. The Mother Spring in Pagosa Springs was designated by Guinness as the world’s deepest hot spring in 2011. Riff Raff Brewing Company tapped into that and designed a system to use the geothermal spring water to heat the brewery. The spring water runs through the custom 1,002-foot plumb-line system and heats all the water that the brewery uses. Doing so takes a significant load off the brewing system. “It is really about sustainability and using what we had in front of us,” Jason Schnose, co-owner of Riff Raff, said. Cheers to that, homebrews! Remember to drink responsibly as you enjoy the flavor of your homebrew or brew up your favorite.