“The Princess Diaries” actress Heather Matarazzo reportedly said she is “struggling just to survive” and has “hit [her] limit with Life” in a series of since-deleted tweets. The posts came Wednesday in a stream of consciousness from the actress, who revealed her struggles with trying to make it in Hollywood, BuzzFeed reported. “I have hit my limit with whatever games the Universe is playing. I am done. I am tired. I truly feel at a f – – king loss,” the 39-year-old actress vented. “I feel at a loss because I feel I have done THE WORK, for a long time, with no complaint,” she continued. ‘”I have taken the disappointments, the rejections, etc., and maintained that rejection is redirection. I have had continual FAITH in the Universe, but today, something broke. I feel cast.” She further yearned for a “life-changing win” in another now-deleted tweet. “I’ve given my life to acting for over 30 years. And am done struggling just to survive,” she said. “I just need a win. A life-changing win. Cause this ain’t it. F – – k.” Matarazzo’s representative had no comment for The Post. Fans expressed concern — saying they were “a little worried” about the film star — and offered support by “sending love” to her. Matarazzo has kept busy since the 2001 Disney movie and its 2004 sequel. She’s had roles in “Welcome to the Dollhouse,” “Scream 3,” “Sisters” and “Saved!” and also has a Cameo account. Her IMDb page lists two additional gigs in post-production: “The Mattachine Family” and “Paint.” This wouldn’t be the first time Matarazzo has been candid about struggling in the industry. “I don’t know if I took a step back from Hollywood, or Hollywood took a step back from me,” she told the Guardian in 2017. In the same interview, she also revealed that she contemplated suicide after months of unsuccessful auditions in 2009. “I was like, ‘What kind of sick and twisted universe is this?’ The fact that I’m still here is a miracle in itself,” she said. Matarazzo even got real about people’s perception that all actors live “untouchable, beautiful lives,” declaring: “But in reality, it’s just not the experience.” Her reality was nearly signing up to be a Lyft driver in 2017, she told the newspaper. “Most people think that I probably get paid a lot of money. But I really don’t, and most working actors don’t. I drive a beat-up f – – king Prius and I just bought my first pair of new shoes in over two years,” she said. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.