Solitude is just 30 minutes outside Manhattan, for those who can afford it. An isolated manor with more waterfront access than most New Yorkers have neighbors has hit the market for $11 million. “The property frontage on both Premium Mill Pond and Long Island Sound is unparalleled to any in Westchester, Connecticut or the Hamptons,” Julia B. Fee Sotheby’s International Realty agent Mimi Magarelli told The Post of the 7,800-square-foot home in the affluent Westchester County village of Larchmont. “Balconies, floor-to-ceiling windows and the outdoor spaces are all designed to enjoy nature and the water views from every room of the home with the finest of finishes and exceptional design elements.” Located at the edge of a thin cape of land that extends into the Long Island Sound, the Mediterranean-style chateau is perched at the end of a landscaped driveway, behind a covered entry. The property opens to a two-story foyer with radiant-heated floors and a floating marble staircase leading to the upper level, which has a glass-doored patio and the home’s five bedrooms and primary suite. Two of the bedrooms have ensuite baths, three are currently being used as offices and a gym — and the primary suite has two dressing rooms, an exercise room, balcony access and an ensuite bath with double sinks, a steam shower and a soaking tub, according to the home’s website. On the lower level is the kitchen, which features not one but two dishwashers — as well as access to an outdoor kitchen, the formal dining room with hand-painted gold-leaf wallpaper, a gas fireplace-equipped living room, a family room and a bar lounge. There’s also a two-car garage, a 500-bottle wine cellar and a home theater. Outside, there’s a heated saltwater pool, an outdoor shower and a greenhouse. The owner will also enjoy access to the Premium Point neighborhood’s private beach association, which grants residents access to a marina and cabana-equipped waterfront. Buyers who dig the home’s listing photos’ look can inquire with staging firm LTW Design about purchasing the furniture, according to Robb Report. A quick drive away from the city, the area has a “laid-back, cool vibe” with “a little bit of outer-borough hipster and a little bit of modern prep all in one village,” describes Magarelli, adding “Unlike the Hamptons, you can leave the city on a 5:00 train, and be at the harbor-side or at your kids’ baseball game by 5:45.”