FAIRFAX, Va. — Amber Heard denied defecating in the marital bed she shared with ex-husband Johnny Depp, saying in court Monday that the couple’s Yorkshire terrier was the real culprit. The “Aquaman” actress, 36, testified that Depp, 58, accused her friend of leaving human excrement on his side of the bed at their apartment in Los Angeles after a fight on the night of her 30th birthday in April 2016. “First of all, I don’t think that’s funny,” Heard said as the former couple’s sensational defamation trial resumed in Virginia after a weeklong hiatus. “I was not, also, in a pranking mood,” she told the jury. “My life was falling apart.” Heard claimed their dog Boo had lifelong “bowel control issues” because she had eaten a bag of Depp’s weed as a puppy. “I had just been attacked on my 30th birthday by my violent husband, with whom I was desperately in love and knew I needed to leave,” Heard said of the circumstances surrounding the alleged “feces prank.” “It was not really a jovial time, and I don’t think that’s funny, period,” she continued. “That’s disgusting.” Depp is suing Heard for $50 million, claiming she defamed him in a 2018 Washington Post op-ed in which she wrote that she had been a victim of domestic abuse. The “Pirates of the Caribbean” star has accused Heard of leaving the feces in their bed following a massive fight, shortly before she headed off to Coachella with her gal pals. Heard said she was getting ready to travel to the music festival with a friend, and had left Boo and the couple’s other dog, Pistol, on their bed while she packed for the trip. Earlier in the trial, now in its fifth week, Depp testified that he planned to stop by the apartment to retrieve some belongings when someone at the home sent him a photo of what he described as “human fecal matter” on his side of the bed. “My initial response to that was, I mean, I laughed,” the actor told the court. “It was so bizarre and so grotesque that I could only laugh.” He claimed that Heard “tried to blame it on the dogs.” “They’re teacup Yorkies. They weigh about 4 pounds each,” he said. “I lived with those dogs. I picked up their funk. It was not the dogs.” On Monday, Heard also told the jury that Depp was “obsessed with dog poop.” The actress recalled refusing to name Depp as her alleged attacker after police officers were called to the then-couple’s Los Angeles apartment in May 2016. “I did not want them to arrest Johnny,” she said. “I just refused to cooperate.” The following day, Depp sent Heard a text message, calling her “shameless” for letting her friend work out of the penthouse. He then brought up the idea of getting a divorce. “I tried to make it work and you just turned more and more into a spoiled brat,” he wrote, as seen in the text message shown in court. “All you wanted wars to make the f—ing miserable. Well, I’m finally there. I’ll never be able to understand how I. fell in love with you…” Asked by her attorney Elaine Bredehoft if Heard and Depp had discussed divorce the night before, the actress replied: “We didn’t discuss divorce. He was obsessed with dog poop.”