Charles Barkley suggested a swift solution to “put an end to” inappropriate fan behavior following the incident involving Chris Paul’s family after Phoenix’s 111-101 loss to Dallas at American Airlines Center on Sunday afternoon. “We can just put an end to all of this stuff,” Barkley said on TNT’s “Inside the NBA” while discussing the situation. “Some of the stuff these fans say. Let’s take it right down to center court for five minutes. I’ve always said that.” Paul became furious on the sidelines after a fan allegedly harassed and got physical with his mother, Robin and his wife, Jada, during the game, which took place on Mother’s Day. “Just give me five minutes at center court with him,” Barkley said. “You ain’t gonna press no charges. Ain’t nobody gonna be sued civilly. Say what you just said to me right to my face for these five minutes. I’ma beat your ass. I’ma beat the hell out of you. I’m gonna take my time. I’m not gonna beat him up quickly. I’m gonna jab him a little bit, then I’ma lay the haymakers on they ass.” Shaquille O’Neal laughed and said, “I hear you Foreman. Charles Foreman.” In video footage during the incident, Paul can be heard telling the fan in question, “I’ll see you later.” After Dallas tied the Western Conference semifinals series at 2-2, Paul tweeted, “Wanna fine players for saying stuff to the fans but the fans can put they hands on our families … f–k that!!” The Mavericks organization released a statement notifying that it is aware of the incident and stated, “It was unacceptable behavior and will not be tolerated. The Mavericks, along with American Airlines Center, swiftly removed the fan from (Sunday’s) game.” Paul’s family, including his and Jada’s two children, watched the game in seats close behind the Suns’ bench at American Airlines Center, according to ESPN — which reported that his mother had hands put on her and his wife was pushed. Paul’s kids reportedly witnessed the alleged incident, and the family “felt very unsafe.” It was a tough night for Paul all around. The point guard fouled out of the game with 8:58 remaining in the fourth quarter. He was limited to five points in 23 minutes. Phoenix hosts Dallas for Game 5 Tuesday.