It’s the real estate listing from hell. The five-bedroom, four-bath Colorado home where Chris Watts murdered his pregnant wife and two young daughters is on the market — in secret. Rocket Homes listed the home on Saratoga Trail in Frederick a week ago but it has the address as Frederick Drive, which doesn’t exist according Google, the Sun reported. Watts strangled his wife Shanann in the home on Aug. 13, 2018 and later smothered their two little girls, 4-year-old Bella and 3-year-old Celeste, at his work site. In order to keep true crime fans from showing up in droves, Rocket Homes say there will be “limited showings” and potential buyers need proof of funds. A description on the listing reads: “If you are interested in this home, please submit a funding commitment letter from your bank for at least $660,000.” It also says that prospective buyers must come with a real estate agent. The front of the home isn’t shown, but there are 40 new photographs, some of which feature Shanann Watts’ decor choices although some rooms have been repainted. The 4,177-square foot home was constructed in 2013 when the family bought it for just under $400,000. Armchair detectives on a private Facebook account named ‘The Watts Family Murders’ first saw the listing. They compared the rooms from footage seen during the investigation, the Sun reported. Since Watts’ arrest, the home has remained vacant and he defaulted on the mortgage. The lender later foreclosed on the home, People reported, and it was put up for auction in 2019 but it didn’t sell. Watts is currently serving five life sentences without the possibility of parole at the Dodge Correctional Institution in Waupun, Wisconsin. Watts, who was having an affair with a co-worker at the time, strangled his wife after her return from a business trip to Arizona. He then put her body and their two daughters in his truck and drove to isolated oil storage tanks at his work site. He buried his wife in a shallow grave and then smothered his two daughters and put their bodies inside the storage tanks. For two days Watts insisted his family had disappeared and went on TV asking for them to come home.