A “Jeopardy!” spinoff will be arriving soon on ABC. “Celebrity Jeopardy!” is set to air during the fall 2022 to 2023 TV lineup, broadcasting on Sundays at 8 p.m. ET. The show will give famous faces the chance to score money for a charity of their choice, similar to star-studded game shows like “Celebrity Wheel of Fortune” and “Celebrity Family Feud.” But who will host this trivia VIP extravaganza? Craig Erwich, president of Hulu Originals & ABC Entertainment, told the Wrap on Tuesday that a host has yet to be announced and “we’ll have details soon.” However, Erwich seemingly alluded to who will be the host in an interview with Variety, which asked if frequent “Jeopardy!” host Mayim Bialik is the front-runner to emcee the spinoff. “It’s really just about the details of the announcement,” he said. “And we just are not ready yet, but we will be soon. I wouldn’t read anything into it.” Bialik, 46, and Ken Jennings, 47, have taken on hosting duties for “Jeopardy!” following the ousting of the show’s former executive producer, Mike Richards. Former game-show champ Mattea Roach gave her take on who should be the next permanent host for the long-running game show. “I would say Ken because of his history with the show,” the 23-year-old contestant from Toronto, Canada, told Vulture earlier this month of her pick to replace longtime host Alex Trebek, who died in 2020. Roach continued, “As a contestant, there’s something really special about being onstage with the greatest player of all time. Someone who understands in a very visceral way what it’s like to be in your position. Mayim is fantastic, but she doesn’t have that same experience.” Jennings revealed on May 10 that the “Big Bang Theory” star would take on a more permanent role on the show and he would be on a hiatus. “Congratulations to Mattea Roach on a truly iconic @Jeopardy streak. I believe she’s one of only three champs in history ever to ‘shoot their age’: 23 years old, 23 wins,” Jennings tweeted. “I’m handing the keys back to the talented actor-producer-writer-director (!) @missmayim for a few months. We are lucky to have her! Thanks for watching, and I’ll be back before the end of the season,” he added.