After a disastrous third quarter in Game 1, the Boston Celtics look to right the ship in Miami today in Game 2, tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN. The Heat dominated the second half and easily thwarted a fourth-quarter comeback attempt on Monday. Jimmy Butler has looked phenomenal during these playoffs and is scoring at an unusual rate compared to his career norms. Of note, there was some flirtation on Jimmy Butler 40+ points +1500 on FanDuel. He is over this number in three of 11 playoff games. However, this play was a late scratch for now and will likely be a bet later in the series. Below are three player prop bets to target for tonight’s Game 2 between the Celtics vs. Heat. With the news that Derrick White is out due to personal reasons, Marcus Smart player prop bets become extremely enticing. For starters, Smart is ‘over’ this number in three straight games. He has also taken a bit more of a role in crashing the glass. This prop should not be plus-money, but it is, so it’s definitely a play for tonight’s game. If you missed Smart’s assists props, the value is now pretty much gone. However, a longshot play on Smart to get 10+ assists, if it climbs back to around +550, it is still worth a shot. He has hit that number in 2/11 games (once every 5.5 games) this postseason. Importantly, Derrick White played in each of those games, averaging 24.16 minutes and 2.5 assists, so we would expect some more usage for Smart here since White is out. A prop bet to watch from my previous interview with Yahoo Sports’ Ariel Epstein. Bam Adebayo’s assists projection had mostly been 3.5. He has struggled to get there recently, which is a bit concerning. Markets have reacted accordingly, moving his number down to 2.5. This is a “buy the dip” spot for Adebayo, who has a strong prior history of being a distributor when Kyle Lowry is out of the lineup (as will be the case tonight)  A streaky shooter, Tyler Herro’s lines have plummeted thanks to his recent cold spell. However, that has not stopped Herro from shooting the ball. Herro was 1-5 in Game 1 from beyond the arc and took 17 shots. He is a valuable playmaker in their offense, especially with the Celtics forced to play Peyton Pritchard way too much. Herro ball incoming at home on Thursday.