Inflation and the frantic state of global commerce have everybody more mindful of their finances than ever. With prices going up on virtually everything, it’s increasingly essential for consumers to scrutinize every purchase and ensure they’re getting the best value for their buck. While many companies are using supply chain issues as grounds for raising prices astronomically, it’s refreshing to see the approach taken by longtime audio manufacturer RØDE. Not only has it released its first-ever set of over-ear headphones, but they’ve also gone and done the unthinkable: made them almost shockingly affordable. Of course, RØDE is anything but a newcomer to the consumer electronics wars, having made quality consumer-grade microphone models for over 50 years. However, as podcasting, DIY home music production, and live streaming continue to explode in popularity, RØDE has gone all-in on owning the home audio creation experience from end to end.  Its new headphones, the NTH-100s, are exactly what you’d expect from a heritage brand jumping into the space for the first time. This includes a firm commitment to overall sound quality and user comfort while making these professional-grade headphones at a price hundreds less than other studio monitor-quality models. Moreover, the reviews are stellar. One Amazon customer wrote, “As a 20-year radio pro with a more than passing knowledge of headphones, I was immediately encouraged by the NTH-100s right out of the box. If there was an acknowledged ‘feel test’ for headphones, then the NTH-100s passed it, a solid, weighty presence that doesn’t feel floppy and plastic.” Thankfully, the NTH-100s show the forward-thinking flourishes that come from Røde’s savvy years of experience. For example, ports in both the left and right ear cups allow listeners to connect their headphones on either side, making it easier to listen and move around without getting tangled up. But of course, the sound itself is where serious headphones truly prove their worth. The closed-back design helps isolate the sound. And the acoustic design of the NTH-100’s 40mm dynamic drivers allows these headphones to better isolate and reproduce frequencies across the sound spectrum and balance them naturally. So rather than a mix that buries a listener in bass, the NTH-100s are like finely tuned studio monitors, serving up low-, mid-, and high-range frequencies with equal, even precision. While many modern models rely on overamped bass to offer the illusion of power, these allow content creators and exacting listeners alike to truly reach in and identify specific elements of a recording. That level of clarity and nuance can often go unrecognized by a mass audience, but audiophiles can hear – and appreciate – the difference here. They’ll also appreciate the difference between a set of headphones built with comfort in mind. The headband and earcups are covered in ultra-soft Alcantara fabric, the same suede-like fabric used in high-end luxury automobiles. Meanwhile, the cups are crafted from form-molding memory foam, along with RØDE’s own CoolTech gel material, which cools your ears while you create. The impressive sound and emphasis on comfort collide at a price that definitely isn’t in line with most studio monitor-quality headphones. However, unlike similar models that retail in the $300 to $500 (or more!) range, the RØDE NTH-100s are available for $149. At that crossroads of quality, comfort, and price, RØDE is already carving out an exciting place for itself in the future of the crowded headphone market. Prices are subject to change.