Nets general manager Sean Marks said the team hasn’t had conversations with Kyrie Irving yet about the mercurial star guard’s contract, adding they’ll see if staying together is “the right fit.” Marks met with the media last week, and also recorded an interview that aired on YES Network on Monday. He addressed Irving’s $36.9 million player option for next season, and the fact the All-Star can commit to the Nets long term, become a free agent next year or even hit free agency this summer if he chooses. Talks between Irving, Marks and Nets owner Joe Tsai have yet to happen. “I look forward to [it],” Marks told YES Network. “We have not had a conversation yet. So I look forward to getting in a room with him and Joe and his team, and we will. We’ll see what it looks like for Kyrie moving forward here, and what he needs from us and so forth. “So, again, it wouldn’t be right for me to comment on what hypothetical could happen, because we don’t know. We haven’t had those conversations with Kyrie yet. But when they do, we’ll see if it’s the right fit for both sides.” Irving has been ubiquitous since the start of the 2021-22 season, even when he was nowhere to be found on the court. It’s a growing concern not just between Irving and the Nets, but between the NBA and its stars such as Irving, Ben Simmons and James Harden. The refusal to adhere to New York City’s COVID-19 vaccine mandates essentially cost Irving 53 games and likely contributed to the Nets’ early exit from the playoffs. “You want people here to be part of something bigger than themselves. It’s a team sports team game. It’s not individuals,” Marks said. “We want people to be here for the right reasons, and buy into their roles, find their roles, high-character guys. “We want to avoid the drama, we want to avoid the distractions. These last couple years here, whether it was expectation set on the team or some of the outside circumstances that were going on in the world, they affected our guys — both individually and as a group — really poorly, unfortunately.” The problem is drama and distractions are part and parcel with Irving. He has missed 123 of 226 regular-season games since he signed with the Nets in July 2019, from shoulder surgery to personal leave to his refusal to be vaccinated against COVID-19. But what does that mean for the Nets? Irving could opt out and leave. He is eligible for a four-year, $182.1 million deal elsewhere, per Spotrac. But the Pistons, Magic, Pacers, Spurs, Trailblazers and Thunder are the only teams with ample cap room, so Irving opting out seems unlikely. And considering he would be leaving up to $63.5 million on the table by leaving, a sign-and-trade seems equally improbable. A return to Brooklyn seems a fait accompli. If Irving opts out, he would be eligible for a four-year, $189.7 million extension or even a five-year, $245.6 million deal, with only the Nets able to offer him the fifth year. If he picks up his option, he could ink extensions of either three or four years, picking up in 2023-24, but that would require leaving more than $5 million on the table next season. The Nets should be expected to try to protect themselves, either with a shorter deal or baked-in incentives. Irving’s current four-year, $136 million deal contains a total of $4.3 million in incentives, per Spotrac, with $3 million of that so-called “unlikely bonuses.” It’s likely the Nets would try to have a bigger chunk of the contract consist of those unlikely bonuses. Even if Irving and the players’ association push back, stars skipping games is a trend the NBA is bent on addressing in the next collective bargaining agreement. “The greater concern to me is a trend of star players not participating in a full complement of games. That’s something we, together with the players’ association, need to address,” commissioner Adam Silver said last month. “There wasn’t any banging of the table or anything like that. From my discussions with players, they recognize it’s an issue, too.”