A couple with a 21-year age gap have shared the details of their relationship – revealing how friends and strangers alike call their coupling “creepy” and tell them to “find people their own age.” Kat Lyons Berg, 34, and Robrecht Berg, 55, live in Colorado and have been together for three years and recently tied the knot. “We are both open-minded people, but I do get a lot of questions about our relationship from people. “Some of Robrecht’s female friends were sceptical – one of them even got mad that he was with me – but his family was extremely accepting. “My family not so much, my mom especially, I ended up moving out because I didn’t want to live in an awkward situation anymore. “But by the time I moved out my family and I were back on good terms.” Some of Kat’s friends also questioned the couple’s relationship at first. However, once they realized the pair were the real deal, they have come to terms with the age gap. The couple still have to deal with negative reactions from the public and online, though. Kat continues: “I notice it more than Rob does. The comments online are like, ‘geez how old is that guy?’, ‘he is creepy’ or ‘why can’t he get someone his own age?’ “One time he paid for me to get a pedicure and when he went to give me a kiss the lady was looking at us with such shock. “But I love the fact that he is older, I’ve always preferred older men.” Kat also claims having an older man makes for better sex. She says: “The sex is better with older men because they are so tender. “Younger men watch too much porn and get so excited it’s over so quickly, but we always are adventurous in bed.” However, Kat has shared some advice on anyone going into a relationship with a larger age gap. She said: “If they’re older, you should consider their health, depending on that they might not be around for long. “You also have to have tough skin because people will make comment and even stare. “But the bottom line is do what makes you happy. If it’s an age gap relationship go for it, it’s your happiness.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission. 