A malcontent New York City subway conductor is facing a possible suspension for showing “gross disregard” for MTA policies and potentially more trouble for telling his coworkers not to show up for duty. Tramell Thompson has worked just a handful of days since March 17, 2020, according to MTA documents. But he is getting paid while out protesting the MTA and vaccine mandates — and drawing praise from anti-vaxxer Kyrie Irving. His social media shows photos of him enjoying New York Giants games and hiking with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in California. He says he was unable to work after being spit at on the job a year ago when he returned after a year-long COVID-19 related absence. Thompson, 40, heads a group called Progressive Action and rails against the MTA and the Transit Workers Union on YouTube. He calls his organization a nonprofit and asks for donations although there is no record of the group being registered in New York or with the Internal Revenue Service. An MTA internal probe found he posted copies of disciplinary reports of two workers on Twitter and YouTube without permission, according to a copy of the investigative report obtained by The Post. The report concluded his conduct showed “gross disregard” for MTA policies and recommended the agency take “appropriate action.” Yet he remains an MTA employee. He made $80,498 in 2019, state records show. Thompson said on YouTube he is facing a possible 10-day suspension and another potential misconduct probe for urging employees not to work the day of a mass subway shooting in Brooklyn. Thompson told The Post that the MTA was targeting him. He said he was out on worker’s compensation, making less than his normal salary, and taking medication because his doctors think “I’m very angry.” “Me going around the country, me traveling — my psychologist wants me to do things that make me happy,” he said. An MTA spokesman Tim Minton would only say that on the day of the subway shooting “dozens of transit workers heroically raced toward the danger zone … to provide aid while helping hundreds of riders get to safety.”