A Los Angeles mom has admitted to killing three of her seven children on Mother’s Day with the help of her 16-year-old son, authorities said. Mom of seven Angela Flores, 38, was booked into the LA County jail Sunday night on three counts of murder for allegedly killing two of her boys and a 12-year-old daughter. Her bail was set at $6 million. The 16-year-old also was arrested on one count of murder and was being held at the Sylmar Juvenile Hall, CBS News reported, citing police. Police responded to a report of an assault with a deadly weapon about 7:40 a.m. Sunday at the home on Victory Boulevard and found the three victims, Natalie, 12, Nathan, 8, and Kevin, who was believed to be about 10, according to the outlet. LAPD said Flores confessed to killing her children with the assistance of the 16-year-old. The cause of their deaths was not immediately released. Flores’ three other children live out of state with their father and were not harmed. Neighbors told the local CBS affiliate that Flores had been acting erratically Saturday night. She was reportedly heard screaming, praying and lighting candles at other homes on the street.“I heard someone screaming, ‘My family is abusing me,’ and all kinds of nonsense. I couldn’t make out what it was.” Priscila Canales told CBSLA. “I guess at that time she was in our neighbor’s yard … burning a candle and she had the Bible out.” She said that when Flores was removed on a stretcher, “she kept popping up, jumping up saying, ‘Where’s my Bible? Where’s my Bible?'” Authorities have not said how the children died or disclosed a possible motive for the crime. “The deaths of these three children are truly horrific and tragic. As a parent and a grandparent, I send my heartfelt condolences to the people who love them,” LA County District Attorney George Gascon said in a statement. “We will continue to work with Los Angeles police detectives and my prosecutors will make a filing decision once they have reviewed all of the evidence,” he added, Fox News reported.