Having a cluttered inbox is annoying, stressful, and impractical — but it happens to so many of us. If you’re working from home, it can be even worse. How tiring is it when you want to search for an email but still end up sifting through spam and ancient messages while you look for the one you need. Mailman Email Manager: Lifetime Subscription can help you finally clean up your email, and for a limited time it’s on sale for $69.99 (Reg. $300). Your email isn’t that different from a regular mailbox. You have senders you prioritize and places you can completely ignore. You have certain topics you always need to check your inbox for, and sometimes you have things or people it’d be nice to block entirely.  That’s what Mailman can do for your inbox. You can create filters and VIP Lists to prioritize some senders, topics, and keywords over others so the important stuff is always at the top. Mailman gives you automated control over your inbox that can help keep it clean and stress-free. You get features like ‘Do Not Disturb Mode’ that holds all your emails during a certain window. That’s great if the notification sound always pulls your focus away. With custom delivery slots, you can arrange when you see your emails too. Set times throughout the day to get your email in waves so it can all get done at an even pace. Mailman is easy to use and plugs right into many of the most common email clients. You can get it for Gmail, Apple Mail, Spark, Mailbird, Polymail, or superhuman, and once you have it it’s yours for life! With one little change, your email can transform from stress and mess to simple efficiency. And as one reviewer from The American Reporter wrote, “It truly reduces the distractions that are presented by emails. It enables its users to make better use of their email software by achieving inbox zero.” You don’t have to waste your working hours sifting through your email anymore. Take back your inbox. Get Mailman Email Manager: Lifetime Subscription on sale for $69.99 (Reg. $300). Prices subject to change.