And like that — Puff — he’s gone. Bad Boy Records rapper and business mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs purchased this eight-bedroom, 16-bathroom Italian Baroque-style estate in Georgia in 2003 for $2.6 million. But now, new photos show that the mansion, constructed in 1987, stands empty after an apparently long-stalled renovation — and in an evident state of disrepair. Combs bought the 20,000-square-foot, 7-acre property from H.J. Newton — who owns several car dealerships in Georgia and Tennessee. Located in Dunwoody, just outside of Atlanta, Combs abandoned the property amid the late-2000s housing crisis. It’s unclear why he left, but rumors surfaced about his hopes of renovating the property but being unable to secure funding. A Reddit chain even quipped that Combs, 52, vacated because he “kept on seeing Biggie’s ghost.” Diddy sold the home in October 2007 at a loss — for $1.3 million — to a real estate investment trust company, Paramount Group Inc. The home remans idle and vacant today. At the time of purchase, Combs owned the Caribbean-inflected Justin’s Restaurant in Atlanta’s affluent Buckhead, plus another home in Fayetteville. Justin’s closed in 2012. The Post reached out to Combs’ rep for comment. An agent registered to the LLC linked to  the current ownership did not respond to a separate request for comment. Photographer Jeremy Abbott of Abandoned Southeast went inside the home to document the mansion that’s been left in ruins for nearly 15 years. Known as Casa Nirelle, the property is comprised of the main home, a detached five-car garage with a second-floor residence and a detached pool house and a tennis court, according to the previous listing. Perched on top of a hill, the estate is surrounded by a wrought-iron fence with a creek that runs through the front yard where deer frequently visit. Of the 16 bathrooms, several had a shower, Jacuzzi and steam shower. The main residence features a library, a game room, a wine cellar, a large entertaining area with a stage, a home theater, a workout area and sauna, a terrace-level living room, five fireplaces, a gourmet kitchen with two stovetops and a half-kitchen on the terrace level. There is also an expansive deck and a screened room facing a 60,000-gallon pool and Jacuzzi, a bar, a barbecue area and a pool house with a kitchen. This is not the first project he has had to ditch. In 2004, he sold the New York City Upper East Side mansion he built for $14.3 million.