The 2022 PGA Championship gets underway on Thursday, May 19 at Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Okla. As is always the case with majors, the field for the PGA Championship is incredibly deep. World No. 1 Scottie Scheffler, just a few weeks removed from his dominant performance at the Masters, and Rory McIlroy are the co-favorites to win the PGA Championship at +1200, but the top of the board is packed. Jon Rahm, Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas, Viktor Hovland, Xander Schauffele, Hideki Matsuyama and Collin Morikawa are all between +1400 and +2000. Southern Hills Country Club is a par-70 measuring 7,558 yards and features Bentgrass greens par 70. The course is long for a par 70, and water will be in play for 15 of the 18 holes. Oklahoma golf is also known to get extremely windy, and it’s a safe assumption that will play a major factor this week. One of the great things about betting on majors is that, since there are so many big names in the field, you can get great numbers on some terrific players. Here are a few longshots worth a punt at the PGA Championship: We are expecting some windy conditions at Southern Hills, so finding players who know how to deal with Mother Nature can provide an edge. Fleetwood has yet to win in the United States, but he’s been quietly solid over the past three months, finishing T22 or better in five of his last seven starts. Things have not gone according to plan for Patrick Reed this year, but that dip in form could be a gift for bettors looking to buy low on a player that seems to always save his best for majors and deep-field events. Southern Hills should provide a stiff test this weekend and finding players who can scramble and grind their way through the weekend will be paramount. We all know Reed has the game to win these events, so getting triple-digits is quite tempting.  Like Fleetwood, Robert MacIntyre should be able to handle the unpredictable weather at Southern Hills. There’s also a working theory that Augusta National is a decent comp course for Southern Hills and MacIntyre has had two decent showings at the Masters already in his career. MacIntyre is a big talent who has yet to make his mark on this side of the pond, so he’s always worth a punt when his odds get this long. This is a huge number for a reason, since Mackenzie Hughes doesn’t have the consistent game to compete on Tour on a regular basis. That said, Hughes does fit the profile of someone who could pop this weekend because of his ability to scramble and putt. Playing a tough course in horrible conditions means that players will be missing greens more often than usual, so throwing a few bucks on Hughes, who can cover those mistakes with his short game, is well worth it at this price.