Three-fifths of US Hispanics dislike the job President Biden is doing, according to a new survey out this week — yet another sign of widespread discontent as Americans grapple with the ongoing border crisis, baby formula shortage and skyrocketing inflation. The Quinnipiac University survey published Wednesday found that just 26% of Hispanics approve of Biden’s performance, while 60% disapprove and 13% said they did not know or had no opinion. The survey interviewed 1,586 adults, including 132 self-reported Hispanics. The margin of error among the group was 8.5 percentage points. Despite the small sample, the poll result marks a reversal from the fall of 2020, when Biden won Hispanic voters by a 2-to-1 margin over Donald Trump. In addition, a similar survey done by Quinnipiac at this time last year found that 55% of Hispanic voters approved of Biden while only 29% disapproved. A Republican lean among Hispanic voters, who make up roughly 12.5% of the eligible population, could prove disastrous for Democrats in the November midterms. According to Wednesday’s poll, 48% of Hispanic registered voters said they wanted Republicans to take control of the House of Representatives, while just 34% said they wanted Democrats in power. In addition, 49% of Hispanic voters said they wanted the GOP to win the Senate, while 36% said they wanted Democrats to remain in control of the chamber. Overall, just 35% of US adults across the US approve of Biden’s job as president compared to 57% who disapprove and 7% who don’t know. The poll shows Biden underwater among every demographic group except black Americans, 63% of whom approve of the president — down from 85% last year. By contrast, 28% of black Americans disapprove of Biden, up from 5% 12 months ago. Biden’s highest disapproval ratings are among whites without four-year college degrees (70%) and white men (65%), followed by adults aged 35-49 (62%) and those aged 18-34 (61%). Quinnipiac’s findings come as the Biden administration grapples with a series of crises headed into the fall midterm elections – with the economy struggling and the prices of goods soaring. Earlier this month, a survey found that less than a third of Americans approve of the president’s handling of the economy, while more than nine in 10 Americans – 94% – say they are worried about spiking prices.