The Senate finally approved an additional $40 billion in military and humanitarian aid for Ukraine on Thursday after Sen. Rand Paul blocked the legislation’s swift passage last week — much to the ire of his colleagues. Paul — who had delayed the proposal to insist on language appointing a special inspector general to oversee the distribution of the money — was one of 11 Republicans to vote against final passage, along with Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee, John Boozman of Arkansas, Mike Braun of Indiana, Mike Crapo of Idaho, Bill Hagerty of Tennessee, Josh Hawley of Missouri, Mike Lee of Utah, Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming, Roger Marshall of Kansas, and Tommy Tuberville of Alabama. The measure now goes to President Biden, who is expected to sign the bill. “I applaud the Congress for sending a clear bipartisan message to the world that the people of the United States stand together with the brave people of Ukraine as they defend their democracy and freedom,” Biden said in a statement following the vote. “The resources that I requested will allow us to send even more weapons and ammunition to Ukraine, replenish our own stockpile, and support U.S. troops stationed on NATO territory.” Biden added that he would announce yet another security assistance package later Thursday “that will provide additional artillery, radars, and other equipment to Ukraine, which they are already using so effectively on the battlefield. “These weapons and equipment will go directly to the front lines of freedom in Ukraine, and reiterate our strong support for the brave people of Ukraine as they defend their country against Russia’s ongoing aggression,” the president said. Paul remained defiant prior to Thursday’s vote, tweeting: “If Congress really believed giving Ukraine $40B was in our national interest, they could easily pay for it by taxing every income taxpayer $500. My guess is they choose to borrow the $ bc Americans might just decide they need the $500 more to pay for gas.” “Spending $40 billion on Ukraine aid – more than three times what all of Europe has spent combined – is not in America’s interests. It neglects priorities at home (the border), allows Europe to freeload, short changes critical interests abroad and comes w/ no meaningful oversight,” Hawley tweeted Monday. “That’s not isolationism. That’s nationalism. It’s about prioritizing American security and American interests.” Paul’s initial hold on the bill was blasted by top Ukrainian officials, Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). “We could have already started using the new U.S. assistance package to more effectively save lives of Ukrainians who defend the democratic world. @POTUS, @SecBlinken, @SenateGOP, @SenateDems and American people were in strong support, and @RandPaul delayed so much needed support,” Dymtro Kuleba, Ukraine’s minister of foreign affairs, wrote on Twitter at the time. “Ukraine is not asking us to fight this war,” McConnell said. “They’re only asking for the resources they need to defend themselves against this deranged invasion, and they need help right now.” McConnell urged his colleagues to support the package Thursday, saying: “Anyone concerned about the cost of supporting a Ukrainian victory should consider the much larger cost should Ukraine lose.” Schumer, for his part, accused Republicans opposed to the bill of running the “same soft on Putin playbook that we saw used by former President Trump.” The approved funding will go toward the Ukrainian military and national security forces, weapons, equipment, training, and other intelligence support as well as refugee and medical support.