This home doubles as a livable museum. The historic Daniel Lummus house in Ipswich, Mass. has hit the market. The rare First Period property — defined as a timber-framed home built by 17th-century settlers using old-world building techniques — offers a prime opportunity for antique enthusiasts to own a bit of history for an asking price of $1.25 million. Built circa 1686, nearly a century before American independence, the 41 High St. heirloom was “lovingly restored/preserved by the current owners,” who added modern conveniences while carefully retaining its original details, according to the listing, held by Churchill Properties’ Andrea Lacroix. “We bought it because we were afraid the house would end up torn down or badly damaged,” the current owners told Forbes of their reasoning for purchasing the then-derelict, decaying four-bedroom in 2008. “It was abandoned. The house had no wiring or plumbing and was leaning forward because the summer beam had been removed. It was horrifying.” The home is one of just 60 known First Period homes in the town of Ipswich, which is located 30 miles northeast of Boston and has the densest collection of settler structures in the US. With the help of local preservationist architect Matt Cummings, they managed to not only restore the two-story’s enormous, horizontal “summer beams” (a key structural component of its medieval, First Period building style), but also added contemporary amenities including an updated roof, windows and mechanical systems, Forbes reported. Buyers of the home will now get a move-in-ready address which boasts 11 rooms worth of cozy, but historic living space with four fireplaces, three bathrooms, vaulted ceilings, an eat-in kitchen and a primary suite with a walk-in closet and an ensuite bath spread across its 3,130 square feet. There’s also a first-floor laundry room, a barn-turned-library, a garage-turned-home office and a walk-in cooking fireplace. Outside, there’s a patio area, gardens and a paved driveway.