Ah, Memorial Day weekend — the three-day calendar block that has “off work!” written all over it— in other words, honoring our great country while trekking to the beach. Before you head out for the day, there is a lengthy packing list to follow for the beach, pool or boat. From facial sunscreens to pool floats to beach cover-ups and swimsuits, you may not have it all (and that’s ok!) So long as you pick up those few outstanding items quickly. Enter Amazon: the delivery service we owe much to for saving the day on the spot. Not only is the retailer hosting incredible Memorial Day deals right now (along with Best Buy and Target) but it’s the online one-stop shop to ensure beach essentials will arrive at your door in a jiffy. Ahead, find the 15 Amazon beach essentials we deem worthy of a purchase for Memorial Day weekend 2022 (more specifically, that will arrive before the weekend). Shop now, thank us later. Please note that expedited shipping is available for these selections, aside from two-day shipping, should you need these essentials even faster. It’s swimsuit season, and there’s nothing more appropriate for Memorial Day weekend than to pick up a new Amazon swimsuit to commemorate the holiday. Available in a catalog of colors is Suukess’ Push-Up Bikini, a less-than-$35 option with more than 20K rave reviews. Meet your new favorite one-piece swimsuit. Royal blue and on-par with Memorial Day weekend vibes, Cupshe’s tummy-control style is great for any age and body size (extra brownie points for inclusivity) and it comes in other solid colors for your next swim stock-up, too. Looking for a new cover-up? This one from Yincro can’t be beaten (just look at its 12K reviews and counting from happy beach-goers). There’s even an American flag printed style in case you want to be extra festive. Plus, the tassel detailing is a nice touch. If you’re going to the beach, you know we’re going to recommend a top-rated body sunscreen to slather on. With more than 36K reviews, Neutrogena’s SPF 70 has a lightweight feel, absorbs easily and doesn’t leave that unwanted white cast (all tiny victories). Sometimes, you just have to pick up swim trunks last minute. Nautica’s Quick-Dry Swim Trunk will arrive ASAP (not to mention, we love this versatile navy color) and it’s on a fabulous discount to ring in Memorial Day weekend — in style, of course. The Rio Beach Backpack Beach Chair is the less-than-$75, last-minute buy that’ll make your life easier. For one, you can carry it like your trusty backpack. Plus, it’s easy to recline and, for a beach chair that’s colorful and striped, it’s hard not to love it. The fan-favorite Adidas slides are yours for the taking (especially for walking on hot sand and quickly slipping on for post-beach grilling). For less than $35, you’ll be thankful you picked these up before your relaxing weekend. When we find a trusty pair of flip-flops on Amazon for just $19, we don’t walk — we run. Roxy’s Costas Flip Flop will instantly become your next favorite pair, namely for its beachy design, braided strap and textured rubber sole. All hail the beach trolley for helping us carry our beach umbrellas and other essentials in style. You’ll be glad you picked this beach cart up before Memorial Day weekend (especially because it’s one of those items that’s so easy to forget). As one of the best moisturizers with SPF, CeraVe’s Facial Moisturizing Lotion is great for daytime use and will protect and moisturize the skin simultaneously. What’s more, the brand is one of the best for retinol serums and eye creams, too. You can’t go to the beach without a carry-all beach tote, and for $18, Dejaroo’s Mesh Beach Bag will do the job. We adore all its compartmentalized pockets for storage, along with its mesh exterior to help you find everything quickly (so you can do more relaxing and less digging). Alert: we found the most versatile pair of oversized sunglasses, and they’re only $16. Perfect for men and women, this beach-ready pair is a sight to see (pun totally intended), and we’re adding them to our wishlists ASAP. Ready for a stock-up on beach towels? Add a touch of vibrance to your summer beach trip with Utopia’s Cabana Striped Beach Towels. It’s the four-pack you’ve been waiting for, and they’re the perfect size to keep you lounging (and flipping over) all day long on the sand. Let’s not miss one of the most supreme beach essentials you can snag: the reliable towel clips. Whether you’re treating yourself to some much-needed R&R on a pool lounge chair or don’t want the wind to blow your beach towel away, this $12 purchase is something we 100% stand by. For after-beach dinner dates and to sport throughout Memorial Day weekend, we love Coofandy’s Cotton Linen Beach Shirt. To be honest, linen tops are having a moment (along with linen dresses and linen pants), and the men’s essential comes in a variety of colors to choose from for men and women. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.