Amber Heard’s legal team plans on calling Johnny Depp back on the stand after the couple’s bombshell trial resumes next week — and actress Ellen Barkin is also expected to testify, The Post has learned. Sources close to the actress confirmed that Depp, Barkin and Heard’s sister Whitney Henriquez are among the witnesses set to be summoned in the Fairfax, Virginia, courtroom. The “Pirates of the Caribbean” star already gave four days of testimony, claiming to the jury that he was the real victim in his doomed relationship with Heard — and that he brought the $50 million defamation suit against her to “clear my name.” Barkin, an ex-girlfriend of Depp’s from the 1990s, is expected to testify via video link. The Bronx-born “The Big Easy” actress has previously alleged that Depp was abusive during their relationship. During his libel lawsuit against Britain’s Sun newspaper in 2020, the court heard a statement from Barkin claiming Depp had thrown a bottle of wine across a hotel room on one occasion and had gotten jealous and angry. “Untrue,” Depp replied, saying Barkin held a grudge. “She wanted a proper relationship with me and I did not want that,” he reportedly said at the time. “I didn’t feel the same about her as she did me and I suppose from that moment on she became very, very angry and since then I have not spoken to Ms. Barkin.” Also expected to be called to the stand is Heard’s sister, who was mentioned last week when the “Aquaman” actress was on the stand. Heard told the court she once punched Depp square in the face out of fear that he was about to shove Henriquez down a flight of stairs. The then-married couple had been fighting on the mezzanine of the staircase in one of his penthouses, and her sister got between them. “I remembered what happened to Kate Moss,” Heard testifying, referencing a rumor that Depp once pushed the British supermodel down a flight of stairs. Heard told the jury it was the first time she had ever “landed” a hit on Depp, and after she punched him, he just started laughing. Security ultimately intervened. Henriquez will testify in person, sources said, and is likely to be asked about the incident. Witnesses called by Depp’s attorneys and the actor himself previously testified about the same moment, claiming it was Heard who instigated the attack and that her then-husband did nothing in return. While on the stand, Depp painted himself as a gentle man who accidentally stumbled into global fame. He insisted he has never once hit a woman, and discussed growing up with an emotionally and physically abusive mother. The couple’s trial is currently on break but resumes on Monday. Closing arguments are scheduled for May 27. Seven jurors hearing the case will decide whether Heard, 36, defamed Depp, 58, when she wrote a 2018 Washington Post op-ed piece calling herself “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” The jury must also determine whether she should be on the hook for millions in damages Depp is demanding.