Darling, you don’t look a day over 227! A charming New York City home replete with fireplaces, hardwood floors of various widths and exposed brick details has hit the market for $8.9 million — but it’s a one-of-a-kind attribute that makes this East Village residence really stand out. Located on Stuyvesant Street near East 10th Street, and dating to 1795 — when America was then a newly independent nation — this spread has the rare distinction of being Manhattan’s oldest single-family home, according to its listing. What’s more: The roughly 5,500-square-foot dwelling has been continuously used as a single-family house since that long-ago year — and this marks its very first time for sale, the listing adds. Mansion Global reports the property was built for Nicholas William Stuyvesant, the great-great-grandson of Peter Stuyvesant. The latter Stuyvesant — for whom the downtown public high school is named — was the director-general of New Netherland, which was the Dutch colony that included New York City’s precursor, New Amsterdam. The elder Stuyvesant was also credited with creating the first municipal government of New Amsterdam in 1653. The house appears to have remained in the family for centuries. The Federal-style offering stands 24 feet wide, and comes with five bedrooms, four bathrooms and a powder room, according to its listing. Inside, there are eight fireplaces — one of which is in the cozy formal dining room — and an artist’s studio with high ceilings and a skylight. Despite its impressive age, the home maintained good shape — and listing images show preserved moldings on the ceilings and over doorways, and a sturdy staircase connecting the levels. The bathrooms have deep clawfoot tubs. The interior layout is original, except for the kitchen. Outside, a new owner can get a landscaped garden that’s fenced in for privacy. The home additionally stands in a historic district with landmark status, which means the immediate area will keep its appearance permanently. The best aspect of the home is its seeming secrecy — a legacy home that opens itself to owners and guests behind an unassuming brick exterior. “Outside, it’s so plain, simple and understated,” the listing representative — Monica Rittersporn of the Corcoran Group — told Mansion Global. “But inside, the scale is grand and beautiful. There’s nothing ostentatious about this house.”