NASA has reportedly confirmed it will officially join the hunt for UFOs after a groundbreaking UAP Congress hearing earlier this month. Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAPs) and official sightings were recently discussed at a public US Congress hearing on May 17. Nasa had previously said it “does not actively search for” or research UAPs. After the first public congressional hearing on the topic in 54 years, the US space agency has reportedly changed its mind. According to the DailyMail.com, sources at NASA have said it’s now helping the US UFO investigation. A NASA spokesperson reportedly said the agency is “evaluating how to provide our expertise in space-based Earth observations to improve understanding of UAPs.” The source added that NASA “has consulted with multiple government entities”. However, they reportedly denied that NASA would be setting up its own UAP office and would instead just be helping with other investigations. The US government now has a new law that gave permission for a government UAP task force. According to DailyMail.com, a source that is affiliated with the US government and knows of NASA’s UAP research said that the US space agency could gather evidence from astronauts. The source reportedly said: “I suspect it will be a combination of efforts that will include perhaps firsthand eyewitness testimony of NASA employees and astronauts, and then perhaps a review of old archival footage to assess if there are some findings within the NASA archives that can help AOIMSG.” AOIMSG stands for the Airborne Object Identification and Management Synchronization Group, which is the official name of the UFO task force. The congressional hearing earlier this month made several shocking UFO revelations. A Navy intelligence official revealed that there’s now been over 400 sightings of UAPs. Some experts prefer the phrase UAP because they think UFO comes with a stigma and is taken less seriously. UFO videos were played to Congressmen as part of the hearing. One showed a quick-moving spherical object and one showed what looked like a perfect triangle shape glowing green in the sky. Experts don’t have an explanation for these objects or the way that they move. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.  