Former Mayor Bill de Blasio running for any congressional seat can be likened to Mickey Mouse running for president (“Yup, he is eying race for Congress,” May 19). After totally destroying New York City during his nightmare reign as mayor, he has the audacity to remain in politics? Nothing is too good for his high-maintenance taste, as he’s currently staying in a posh, four-star Brooklyn hotel with his wife while his Park Slope house is being renovated. The worst mayor in New York City’s history clearly has a superiority complex going for him — which, indeed is all he has going for him. Matthew Innis Medford, L.I. Of course de Blasio wants to run for office: He knows that no private employer would put up with him strolling in around noon after a good sleep in and a stop at the gym. And who would let him near any company money? Blas would be confused that he couldn’t donate the money to himself. And he might be expected to actually do something useful. Carol Meltzer Manhattan It looks like New York and the entire country are saved: Bill de Blasio is considering a run for Congress. It is inconceivable that this lazy, inept, corrupt charlatan actually thinks that anyone is buying his brand of nonsense. The man has fed from the public trough his entire working life, all while not contributing anything worthwhile to the lives of those around him. He even pushed his wife and her worthless ThriveNYC mental-health program on the people to the tune of $1 billion, which was thrown out the window. It is high time that the people of this city and state send him packing once and for all, taking his ill-conceived policies with him. De Blasio, get a real job, and then repay the city for all of the lost and stolen money. Alan Brooks Brooklyn Aside from Hillary Clinton, is there a more pompous, delusional person on planet earth than Bill de Blasio? This despised, incompetent fool truly believes he can win a seat in Congress. Even the most ardent left-wing nuts think de Blasio is a loser. Joe Nugent Staten Island You gotta love the get-up-and-go spirit of ex-Mayor Putz. Does he actually believe he has a shot at Congress? Let’s look back at his pitiful run for president. Let’s also look back to the amount of funds he misused that are still unpaid, and the increase of crime in the greatest city in the world. Let’s not go backward again. Even with the new lines drawn for the city, New Yorkers are not stupid or forgetful. Doc Ludemann Bridgeport, Conn. De Blasio running for a seat in Congress is the most asinine thing that could ever happen. Knowing his abysmal record during his two terms as mayor, what person with any common sense would even consider voting for this idiot? He ruined our city in so many ways, and should he actually win a seat in Congress, this country is going to be far worse off than it is now. De Blasio is a one-man disaster who will do nothing positive to help this country. The Wizard of Oz could do a better job than this doddering fool. John Amato Fresh Meadows New York has never had good congressmen; de Blasio is the perfect representative of people in New York City and will be a shoo-in. He got two-thirds of the vote for mayor and is supported by Democrats, who outnumber Republicans 2:1 and are fanatics. He can join other great examples from New York: Reps. Jerry Nadler and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. That’s why no one who has a choice would ever live there. Andrew Delaney Menlo Park, Calif. Remember, de Blasio turned our great city into the biggest cesspool in United States. So if you decide to vote for this clown, you get what you deserve. Raymond Grosskopf Cornwall Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.