If Kentucky coach John Calipari thinks his former Wildcats point guard TyTy Washington would be a perfect fit to play at the Garden, consider it a done deal the Knicks would take him with the 11th overall pick in the upcoming NBA draft. Calipari has massive influence on his former agent, Knicks president Leon Rose, and on the team’s senior executive, William Wesley. So the Knicks will have all the intel they need on Washington. Wesley, who snared players for Rose as a behind-the-scenes CAA liason, was so imbedded in the Wildcats program, he has been seen walking around in Kentucky sweatpants. Hence, the Knicks’ new nickname: “The Orange and Bluegrass.” But there could be a catch that goes beyond Washington’s skill set. The Knicks already have former Kentucky guard Immanuel Quickley. They drafted Quickley in 2020 and he excelled at the point down the stretch of his second season. Having both Quickley and Washington on the roster could create an uncomfortable Kentucky point guard competition. Washington told The Post he didn’t interview with the Knicks last week at the draft combine, but suspects he will work out for them at their practice facility in Tarrytown. “Most definitely I feel I’m one of the most true point guards coming out of the draft, even though this season I played mostly off the ball,’’ Washington said at the combine. “Before this season, I was mainly a point guard. I played off the ball because that’s what my team needed. They needed me to make baskets and score for us. Cal said me being off the ball was no knock on me.’’ Washington will be available at No. 11, even though some scouts regard him as the third-best guard in the draft — with Purdue’s Jaden Ivey the top guard. While Washington is a throwback type, the concern is he didn’t look as sharp after returning from a severe ankle sprain. He injured it Jan. 22 versus Auburn and returned in mid-February before hurting it again. Washington even admitted he was less than himself after the injury. “Unfortunately once I got injured, I never came back the same,’’ Washington said. “There was a lot left to be displayed. It was a bummer, it came to an end so short. From the beginning of the season, I rewatched all the games. Coming back, it wasn’t the same burst. Everything was mental. I didn’t want to do certain movements to reaggravate it.’’ In 31 games, the 6-foot-3 Washington averaged 12.5 points and shot 45.1 percent (35 percent from 3-point range). He dished out 3.9 assists per game, and averaged 3.9 rebounds and 1.3 steals. He also set the Kentucky record for most assists in a game — 17 against Georgia on Jan. 8. “I’m not as sold on him as other people,’’ ESPN’s college-basketball guru Seth Greenberg said. “TyTy is a nice player. At the end of the season, he was beat up and didn’t have the ability to get by people. He doesn’t have the bounce of Tyrese Maxey [also a former Kentucky player]. That’s who people are trying to compare him to. But they have similar personalities and love the game. He’ll be there at 11. I’d be higher on Immanuel’s continued development. Immanuel is a much better shooter.’’ Washington said he has heard honest feedback from NBA teams, but his stock wasn’t helped by Kentucky’s first-round ouster from the NCAA Tournament by St. Peter’s. “I’m a good player who always makes the right play and a capable shooter,’’ Washington said. “People say I’ve got a good floater, midrange game and very smart with a high IQ and knack for game. The knocks are my athleticism and to continue to change my body and I agree on both of those and I plan to be in the gym three, four times a day.’’