Sunday Andrew ­Cuomo made a speech in Buffalo. You read about that. He flew by private jet so maybe his war chest sprang for the flight. You didn’t read about that. Immediately afterward he headed to a beach. You didn’t read about that. His jet’s tail number N26VJ left White Plains 6:45 a.m., landed Buffalo 7:51. He spoke in a church, did not hand out the food afterward or say where he’s living. Maybe the attic at Hut Hochul? He then took off 9:40 for Martha’s Vineyard. You didn’t read about that. Now, about LI’s gerrymandering poop. Newly drawn lines just erased moderate Democratic pols who suddenly lost their seats. Soon pawing around these districts will only be lefties whose cars won’t even turn right. A head mule responsible is Sean Patrick Maloney. Albany mouths hope this progressive jackass clumps into the Political Witness Protection Program. At least there he can bray on three bales of hay a day. Exactly as abortion began wrangling our Supreme Court, I was sent a book detailing 1930’s May month reporting: ­“Supreme Court rules buying liquor does not violate the Constitution.” The book said 1930 brought other firsts: Mickey Mouse comic strip, radar, air service’s jet engine, unemployment census, frozen foods, Mount Rushmore’s carving, planet Pluto’s discovery, Germany banning Oscar winner “All Quiet on the Western Front,” Chrysler Building completed and the Yankees’ Babe Ruth earned an astronomical $80,000 a year. Also: Hoover was president. Life expectancy, 59. Gas 10 cents a gallon, milk 56 cents, coffee 46 cents, dozen eggs 15 cents, bread 9 cents, first-class stamp 2 cents, cake 20 cents, movie 25 cents. Car $610, rent $15 a month, Schiaparelli dress $10, house $7,146. And Neil Armstrong, Edwin “Buzz” Aldrin, Robert Wagner, Sean Connery, Clint Eastwood got born. Eccentricities: Diana gave Duchess of York foot warts. Michelle Pfeiffer: “A guy with loafers ruins a sexy man for me.” Tara Lipinski reportedly wouldn’t skate without wearing assorted rings. Oliver Wendell Holmes used potatoes and chestnuts to ward off rheumatism. Brad Pitt once dreamt of everyone using his toothbrush. Salman Rushdie’s car, so heavily armored, nearly sunk in a parking field. Prince William once itched to be in a comedy written by Kenneth Branagh. To lure audiences back into legit theaters, some casts even trot back out after the curtain’s down. They tell stories, chat, burble. If this pulls backsides into the show to begin with, who knows. I only know it keeps them inside longer. Nowadays it’s Give My Remarks to Broadway. A few drinks in a bar and this guy mumbles to himself: “I’m a nobody. Nobody’s perfect. Therefore I’m perfect.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York.