Govs. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) and Greg Abbott (R-Texas) are not “marginal actors” in “the conservative movement,” notes Paul Matzko at The Dispatch. So their recent anti-speech moves against Disney and Big Tech suggest the “old fusionist detente between social and business conservatives is breaking down.” Yes, “the political bent of companies like Disney has changed,” but “the pesky thing about principles is that they must be universally applied.” The govs “have adopted a war-time mentality” with “no principle so high that it cannot be violated” and “no right so inviolate that it cannot be abridged.” In other words, they’ve “forgotten that conservatism was once as interested in building up institutions as it was with breaking them down.” “The assumptions that underlie” the belief there’s a diplomatic solution to the Ukraine war are mistaken, argues Anne Applebaum at The Atlantic. Nothing shows “Russia’s president wants to end the war.” And whether “Russia would stick to [any] agreements it signed” is an open question — witness its ignoring “multiple treaties it is theoretically obligated to follow” like “the Geneva Convention.” The idea that “any Ukrainian government” is “politically able to swap territory for peace” is wrong: Doing so would say “Russia has the right to kidnap leaders,” “murder civilians” and “rape women.” How to change these behaviors? A Russian “military loss . . . could create a real opening for national self-examination” as “it so often has done in Russia’s past.” Public-health experts “are limiting their recommendation” on reinstating masking and other rules “to address only those who are still paying attention to them: primarily, Democrats,” snarks Commentary’s Noah Rothman. No wonder the number of Americans with “zero confidence” in the scientific and medical communities has “surged to 22% from 14% in November 2020.” And the mask politicking comes from the same people who “fudged the numbers that would constitute ‘herd immunity,’ ” “prevaricated regarding the efficacy of masking,” “discovered amid a pandemic that racism was a greater health concern than COVID” and “kept schools closed for extended periods, despite all evidence of their safety.” This “broken system” is “in desperate need of repair. But who can we trust to fix it?” TK News’ Matt Taibbi wants to know why “knowingly launching thousands of bogus news stories across a period of years, leading millions” to “believe lies” — as Hillary Clinton did with Russiagate — doesn’t “qualify as causing ‘widespread confusion on public issues,’ ” which should trigger a Twitter ban. Indeed, “for all the whining” from Nina Jankowicz, “disinformation is a real danger” because there’s “no defense against privately-generated fake news stories, commissioned by prominent politicians who in turn hand them to the corporate press.” And “if reporters decide en masse to act like political aides instead of doing their jobs,” the “public is really helpless.” Clinton “was falsely accused many times earlier in her career. This time she’s guilty” — “and there should be serious consequences.” “Why has the price of gasoline risen so far so fast?” asks Spectator World’s John Steele Gordon. “Easy: the Biden administration, driven by the ideological fantasy of a green-energy future, has hampered domestic production and exploration at every turn.” Take the canceling of the Keystone pipeline, which “would have allowed the importation of 1,000,000 barrels of heavy Canadian crude per day and sent it to Gulf Coast refineries.” Or the slow-walking of permits for federal oil and gas leases. And as political pressure mounts with rising fuel costs, “the Biden administration has been begging oil-exporting countries” like Saudi Arabia to increase production instead. But with the midterms “pointing to a grim outcome for Democrats,” the real question is: Will Team Biden “stick it out?” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board