Tesla CEO Elon Musk said he plans on voting for Republican candidates in the upcoming elections for the first time. Musk, who has indicated he may pull out of his $44 billion takeover of Twitter, told the All-In Summit podcast that he “overwhelmingly” voted for Democrats in the past. But the world’s richest man told the podcast that he will now switch his support to the GOP. “I have voted overwhelmingly for Democrats, historically. Like I’m not sure, I might never have voted for a Republican, just to be clear,” Musk said on Monday’s show. He then added: “Now this election I will.” It wasn’t clear whether the South Africa native, who said he was neither a Democrat nor a Republican, was referring to the upcoming midterm elections or the 2024 presidential elections. During the podcast, Musk hit out at President Biden by comparing him to Ron Burgundy, the bumbling protagonist in the hit film “Anchorman” played by Will Ferrell. “The real president is whoever controls the teleprompter,” Musk said. “The path to power is the path to the teleprompter.” The plot of “Anchorman” revolves around Burgundy, a television news anchor who will read anything that is put on a teleprompter — even at the risk of destroying his career. “I do feel like if somebody were to accidentally lean on the teleprompter, it’s going to be like ‘Anchorman,’” Musk quipped. The mogul also took a shot at the Biden administration for what Musk called a lack of any significant achievements. “This administration doesn’t seem to get a lot done,” Musk said. “The Trump administration, leaving Trump aside, there were a lot of people in the administration who were effective at getting things done.” Musk went on to say that the Democratic Party is “overly controlled by the unions and by the trial lawyers, particularly class-action lawyers.” He said that when Democrats act against “the interests of the people,” it is at the behest of unions and trial lawyers, while Republicans do so because of “corporate evil and religious zealotry.” Musk said Biden is being held captive by the unions — unlike Barack Obama, who was “quite reasonable,” according to the tech magnate. “In the case of Biden, he is simply too much captured by the unions, which was not the case with Obama,” Musk said. Musk has pledged to alter Twitter’s content moderation policy, saying that the site has a “very far-left bias.” If he completes his acquisition of the company, Musk says that Twitter won’t be subject to a “right-wing takeover as people on the left may fear” and he plans on making it a “moderate wing takeover.”