Rep. Liz Cheney formally announced her bid for re-election Thursday, the same day as the publication of a new poll that shows her 30 points behind her main Republican primary challenger. The survey conducted this week by Club for Growth reported that 56% of Wyoming Republicans would vote for attorney Harriet Hageman while just 26% would back Cheney. Club for Growth, which has endorsed Hageman, also found that 12% of voters are planning to back state Sen. Anthony Bouchard, while 6% are undecided. Despite the grim numbers for Cheney, the poll actually shows a small improvement from this time last year, when a similar Club for Growth survey found that just 14% of voters would support Cheney regardless of her opponent. Still, that poll also found that 52% of Wyoming Republicans planned to vote her out no matter what. In January, a straw poll conducted by the Wyoming Republican State Central Committee recorded 59 votes for Hageman and just six for Cheney. Cheney’s break with her home state GOP has largely stemmed from her repeated criticism of former President Donald Trump over last year’s Capitol riot. In May 2021, House Republicans ousted Cheney from her role as conference chair — the No. 3 position behind minority leader and minority whip — in favor of Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-NY). Six months later, Wyoming’s Republican Party voted to no longer recognize Cheney, the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, as a member. In February, the state party voted to censure Cheney over her vote to impeach Trump on an article of incitement of insurrection. Trump has repeatedly blasted Cheney as a “RINO” (Republican in name only) over her criticism, and “strongly” endorsed Hageman in September. “I strongly endorse Republican House of Representatives Candidate Harriet Hageman from Wyoming who is running against warmonger and disloyal Republican, Liz Cheney,” the 45th president said in a statement at the time. “Harriet is a fourth-generation daughter of Wyoming, a very successful attorney, and has the support and respect of a truly great U.S. Senator, Wyoming’s own Cynthia Lummis. “Unlike RINO Liz Cheney, Harriet is all in for America First. Harriet has my Complete and Total Endorsement in replacing the Democrats number one provider of sound bites, Liz Cheney,” Trump added. “Make America Great Again!” The former president is planning to headline a large rally in Casper, Wyo., for Hageman on Saturday that will feature remarks from Reps. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.), Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.), Lauren Boebert (R-Colo.) and Kat Cammack (R-Fla.) as well as a video address from House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.). Despite low polling numbers, the cold shoulder from her Republican colleagues and the ire of Trump, Cheney said Thursday she would press on with her bid for a fourth term in Congress. “When I know something is wrong, I will say so. I won’t waver or back down. I won’t surrender to pressure or intimidation,” she said in a video announcing her re-election bid. “I know where to draw the line. And I know that some things aren’t for sale. That’s the code of the West. And that’s what Wyoming voters deserve and expect.” “If our generation does not stand for truth, the rule of law and our Constitution, if we set aside our founding principles for the politics of the moment, the miracle of our constitutional republic will slip away,” she added. “We must not let that happen.” According to the website Ballotpedia, Trump has endorsed 101 candidates in Republican primary elections so far this cycle, just seven of whom have gone down to defeat. The only Trump-backed House candidate to lose their primary so far was incumbent Rep. Madison Cawthorn of North Carolina. Wyoming’s primary is scheduled for Aug. 16.