Thirteen games fill out the Friday Major League Baseball schedule, but a few are catching meaningful attention on the betting board. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. In today’s report, one side and two totals trigger a majority of the above signals. So, without further ado, let’s dive in to the selections. The White Sox and Red Sox open a three-game series Friday in Boston and bettors are expecting runs at Fenway Park. Over 8.5 runs is priced at +100 and we’ve tracked sharp action that has come in at that number. Additionally, big money bettors are supporting the over as well. At this writing, the over has seen 58 percent of all bets to pair with 77 percent of the total handle. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from the Action Network is backing over 8.5 runs tonight to give the over a third factor in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Over 8.5 Runs (+100) This total, like the one in Boston, opened at 8.5 runs but the action has gone the other direction. We’ve seen big money bettors get behind the under in Atlanta tonight, which bettors can find at either 8.5 runs at -110 or eight runs at +100. Additionally, there’s a model projection with this total. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the total should be set closer to 7.67 runs, giving bettors nearly a full run of value on the former number. Finally, one top MLB expert from The Action Network is supporting the under tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Under 8.5 Runs (-110) or Under 8 Runs (+100)  This game represents the lone side of the day that triggers at least three signals as respected bettors have identified the Giants as worthy home favorites. We’ve seen sharp action come in on the Giants’ moneyline, which opened at -125 and has ticked down slightly to -124 at writing. Further, big money bettors are getting behind the Giants in a big way as it has seen 65 percent of all moneyline bets against 83 percent of the total handle. Finally, not one but two MLB betting experts from the Action Network are betting the Giants tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. PRO Report Pick: San Francisco Giants Moneyline (-124)