Beauty before age is what one woman lives by. Eudora Okoro is 60 but seems so youthful that it shocks people to their core. The Wirral, England, native looks half her age and has admitted to changing her birthday year on dating apps to make her appear a decade younger. However, people still don’t believe that she appears so young for her age. The dance teacher attributes her fresh-faced appearance to drinking lots of water, eating well, staying active and wearing sunscreen. Okoro also swears up and down that she has never had Botox or cosmetic surgery. The DJ told Liverpool Echo that often her friends would “feel sick” when they would see her looking unchanged after some time away. She recalled that when she was a teen, she hated being thin and would “stuff” her face and “eat all kinds of things to be a little bigger.” “I remember my dad making a comment that stuck with me; he said, ‘Don’t worry, your mother was slim too until she hit her 30s, then she barrelled out,’ ” she said. After hearing the statement, she decided to start “looking after” her body to keep herself nourished and adolescent. As Okoro got older, she claimed her physical features only got better and, by the time she hit 30, she began to notice how others would stare at her. The Brit then looked back at a time when she was in her late 30s or early 40s when she was at a party with a boyfriend. She was talking to an older woman when she decided to excuse herself to get a glass of wine. “She looked up and said to me, ‘Oh, dear, are you old enough?’ And when I told her my age, she nearly dropped her drink — she couldn’t believe it,” Okoro said Now when she reveals her age, people still express their surprise. “There’s always a question when I give somebody my date of birth, it’s usually at the pharmacy or the doctors when people say, ‘Wow, you look really young’ or ‘What is your secret?’ ” she said. “It can be really embarrassing, but it’s ultimately really flattering.” Okoro is also a widow, as her 52-year-old husband Paul died in 2019. She revealed that dating — especially on apps — has become hard for her due to her appearance. “I’ve had a lot of younger men contact me, some who are 19 or even 20. A lot of them think I am lying when I tell them my age,” she claimed. “I started asking the younger men why they message me, just out of curiosity, and a lot of them say it’s nice to see ‘natural beauty.’ “Unless you have some kind of medical condition, I believe how we age is completely in our hands,” Okoro continued. “Being fit and healthy helps you deal with anything — it affects you mentally as well as physically.”