For most of us, a “cluster” is a situation to be avoided at all costs. But in the land of legendary jeweler Harry Winston, the cluster is an iconic design element, where different cuts of diamonds (pear, marquise and round brilliant) are grouped together to create maximum brilliance and sparkle. The latest is a dazzling suite — necklace, earrings, bracelet and ring — of three-dimensional sculptures featuring yellow and white diamonds, accented by pink sapphires, and set in yellow gold and platinum. Don’t be fooled by the delicate look of the necklace (above); it boasts a weighty 32 carats of diamonds. Ditto the bracelet at 14.5 carats, the earrings at about 4.5 carats and the absolutely mesmerizing ring, with a radiant 3-carat cushion cut yellow diamond. How’s that for suite dreams Trying to think outside the flower box this Mother’s Day? The impeccable team of tastemakers from the Bloomingdale’s Fashion Office has you covered. From her favorite Tom Ford fragrances to Eberjey’s so-soft pajama sets, their curation of “How did you know?” presents will leave her glowing. Stop by Bloomie’s Mother’s Day gift shop on the third floor to browse their special picks for every mom (and mother figure) in your life. Go ahead, make her day. Soho is rolling out the pink carpet for designer Christian Cowan — and his first flagship store. Known for the kind of rebellious, fearless fashion that defines NYC nightlife, Cowan joins a long line of celebrated iconoclasts who’ve inhabited 76 Wooster St., among them Andy Warhol, Keith Haring, Jean-Michel Basquiat and Yoko Ono. Fittingly, he’s transformed the storied space into an inclusive, immersive studio, housing Smashbox Cosmetics stations for on-the-spot beauty consultations alongside his signature collections of micro miniskirts, feather-festooned frocks and glittering gowns. Here’s something to grin about. Jeweler David Yurman has joined forces with Scarlett Johansson and Henry Golding on two special shops that also give back. A portion of proceeds from ScarJo’s picks (featuring several of the brand’s iconic gold styles), will go to the Lower Eastside Girls Club, while a percentage of Golding’s edit (a mix of David Yurman’s must-have gold-and-gemstone amulets) will be donated to Operation Smile. Go for the gold — and do good while you’re at it. The future of vintage shopping has landed at the South Street Seaport. Club Vintage — a buzzy brand that has collabed with cult-status labels like Levi’s, Ganni and Marimekko — just opened its first doors at 205 Front St. Pop in to shop an expertly curated mix of styles old and new, from mid-century modern furniture to one-of-a-kind dresses that guarantee no one can copy your look. 