Yumi Nu is “winning” with her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover. The 25-year-old model hit back at Jordan Peterson’s negative comments about her appearance in a TikTok clip that has amassed over 560,000 views. Lip-syncing to Nicki Minaj’s “Itty Bitty Piggy,” she mouths the lyrics to the song in front of a screenshot of Peterson’s tweet. “I don’t even know why you girls bother at this point,” she mouthed. “Give up. It’s me. I win. You lose.” Her video comes after Peterson — a Canadian author of “12 Rules for Life” known to his 5 million YouTube subscribers as a conservative pundit who shares his views on cultural and political issues — shamed her Sports Illustrated cover. He quote tweeted The Post’s original story, writing, “Sorry. Not beautiful. And no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that.” TikTokers quickly showered the cover star in applause. “You did win cuz Jordan b. Peterson is leaving Twitter (hopefully) after he got blasted on the thread,” someone wrote, noting that Peterson said he’s quitting the platform. “Single handedly got Jordan Peterson off Twitter. & looked AMAZING while doing it. Queeeen,” said another. Despite catching some heat from Twitter users, Peterson hit back at their critiques of his statement, saying, “It’s a conscious progressive attempt to manipulate & retool the notion of beauty, reliant on the idiot philosophy that such preferences are learned & properly changed by those who know better.” While some people threw shade at Petersons’ own appearance, others argued that Nu does fit beauty standards. “Dude, she’s hot,” replied another Twitter user. In an earlier interview with The Post, Nu said it’s “amazing” to be featured on magazine covers. “I’m on cloud nine,” she said. “This is nothing I could prepare for. It’s unexpected. I feel like we’re in a place right now where people are making space for more diversity on magazine covers. It’s a big time for Asian-American people in media. I know I play a big role in representation in body diversity and race diversity, and I love to be a role model and representative of the plus-size Asian community.” While the SI cover is her latest feat, Nu, who grew up in New Jersey, Maryland and California, has also graced Vogue’s September issue as a cover model. She also appeared on the front of Vogue Japan, snagging the groundbreaking title of first Asian curve cover-model for the mag.