Beano Cook, the former ABC and CBS publicist who became an ABC and ESPN studio commentator, had fascinating stories about myriad facets of sports and TV from over a half-century spent in the business. Cook died in 2012 at the age of 81, and his memoirs were recently compiled by John D. Lukacs in the book, “Haven’t They Suffered Enough?“ His stretch as press director at CBS from 1977-82 alone produced captivating stories on Pat Summerall, Brent Musburger, Jimmy “the Greek” Snyder and Phyllis George. Summerall, Cook wrote, was a peacemaker inside CBS. While he is best known for his work with John Madden on NFL games, Summerall also called high-level tennis in his years at CBS. In one instance, Summerall was working with trailblazing women’s tennis player Bille Jean King on an event in the late 1970s. Their producer was Frank Chirknian, described in the book as a one known both for his excellence in staging events like The Masters and as a blunt authoritarian given the nickname “The Ayatollah” by Summerall. King was “ready to walk off the broadcast” after being harangued by Chirknian, and asked Summerall if the producer is always like that, to which Summerall answered, “Most of the time.” “Summerall then slowly small-talked King back into her chair and the broadcast went off without a hitch,” Cook wrote. There was another time where Summerall’s tennis broadcast partner, five-time major winner Tony Trabert, attributed a costly unforced error to player Wojciech Fibak with the slur, “well, what do you expect? He’s Polish.” “The next day, we had a visitor at Black Rock: National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski,” Cook wrote. “Oh, was he pissed. He wanted Trabert’s head and was threatening to call the papers. Until now, nobody has ever heard this story. That’s because it never became news. “Summerall, who happened to be in the office, stepped in and soothed Brzezinski’s feelings. It was really something. By the time the elevator doors opened to the lobby and Summerall was waving goodbye, Brzezinski had probably forgotten why he was there in the first place.” While Summerall was portrayed as largely above the fray, there was at least one occasion when he became livid with Musburger. As Cook tells it, Summerall got a last-minute scoop that Terry Bradshaw was going to miss a Steelers game with a sore arm. Musburger, at the time the host of CBS’ pioneering “The NFL Today” pregame show, allegedly overheard Summerall tell the control room in New York that he was going to break the news. He reportedly proceeded to kick it to Summerall by saying, “Now let’s go out to Pittsburgh and Pat Summerall. So Pat, Bradshaw’s a late scratch. It sounds like that arm is giving him problems.” “Summerall was f–king furious,” Cook wrote. “He told me Musburger stole his scoop.” Cook described Musburger as the most “aggressively ambitious,” and quoted the legendary late writer Dan Jenkins as saying that Musburger’s “ambition is to be on all three networks — at the same time.” The book goes into the fistfight between Musburger and Snyder that occurred at Peartrees on the Lower East Side in 1980. Cook posited two potential reasons the broadcasters came to blows. The first theory was that Jimmy the Greek was upset about Musburger stealing his scoop that high school football coach Gerry Faust would succeed Dan Devine at Notre Dame (“The Greek” could have plausibly had sources in his home state of Ohio where Faust was coaching). The second possibility was that Snyder suspected Musburger of leaking to Washington Post TV writer Tom Shales that his colleague “made some politically incorrect comments off-camera.” Cook admitted that he didn’t have definitive proof about either theory. Nonethelesss, Cook praised Musburger’s unyielding drive and his calm, comfortable camera presence that would endear him to viewers for decades to come. Cook also admired Musburger’s “blunt honesty.” He recalled a writer asking Musburger why beauty queen Phyllis George was joining “The NFL Today” after Jayne Kennedy left the show. While nobody printed the answer, Musburger is said to have responded, point blank, “We need t-ts.” “I understood that he wasn’t being crude,” Cook wrote. “He realized that the business had changed and that was just his way of saying it. Phyllis’ groundbreaking role on the show meant that sports television was no longer a male-only fraternity. A female presence on set was no longer a gimmick or an experiment. It had become a prerequisite.” Cook wrote that he became a confidante of George’s, whose charm was intoxicating, and that she faced sexism from all angles. “She was fighting a two-front war,” Cook observed. “Sexism goes both ways. Men and women can both be guilty of it and in various degrees. For instance, she told me she quit ‘Candid Camera’ because she got fed up with Allen Funt asking, ‘Where is that c–t’? If you think that’s bad, you should hear how she was treated by the feminists from the women’s lib movement who protested beauty pageants. They called her a traitor. Then there were other women, those who considered themselves real sports journalists, that considered her a trespasser on their AstroTurf and derided her as a Barbie doll with a microphone.” Cook wrote about a story Summerall told him about George, which might have been from the first time the two ever met. She was on a flight for one of her earliest games as a CBS sideline reporter, and Summerall was calling the game. “I didn’t f–k to get this job,” George reportedly told Summerall. “Everybody thinks I did.” The story continued that she promptly spilled her water in her lap and sighed, “Now I have a cold crotch.” “I believed her and after that, I believed in her,” Cook relayed Summerall as having said. Cook diagnosed what he believed was the secret sauce to George’s success. “I’m convinced that Phyllis was the first woman to succeed in network television sports because she was the first one that figured out how to behave like both a woman and man whenever the situation called for it,” he wrote. “Countless local sports reporters, beauty queens, wannabe actresses and weather girls never tried behaving like anything but a woman. “One minute Phyllis could be Miss America, next she could be one of the guys. She could be sweet, but she could also hold her own in my office [which was a big gathering spot in CBS Sports]. She was persistent, but she didn’t have an over-the-top personality. She was prepared, but didn’t come across as a walking sports encyclopedia. She accepted advice and constructive criticism, but she stood her ground and didn’t let anybody change her look or style.”