Mayim Bialik calls hosting “Jeopardy!” a “nerd’s dream.” Last August, “The Big Bang Theory” star was made co-host of the syndicated quiz show along with show champ Ken Jennings, who turns 48 on May 23. “It’s incredible to be surrounded by the writers and researchers who work to create ‘Jeopardy!'” she told The Post at the Fox Upfront in New York. “And, yes, to work with contestants and people who know a tremendous, vast variety of information, it’s incredible.” One thing the former child star doesn’t really love is the attention focused on her wardrobe and appearance — and wishes she could pare it down. “Most men wear suits when they go there, so yeah,” she opined. “The fact is we don’t live in a culture where I can wear a gray suit and then a blue suit, but maybe next year we’ll see. I don’t think anyone should think about it so much, especially me. “I’m one of these people who think red carpets should have a standard set of dresses for women so we don’t have so many. You can do long sleeve or short sleeve — that’s it and everybody goes home.” The actress, 46, proudly identifies as “both a geek and a nerd” and was happy to explain the variations. “Geeks usually associate more with like the ‘Star Wars’ or the ‘Star Trek’ or the ‘D&D,’ which I have those parts,” Bialik said. “And the nerd is, I think that my idea of a good time is reading academic papers. So I’m kind of all those things, I guess. In my normal life, I fall under the very, very nerdy, geeky category. I don’t normally look like this. I look like a normal nerd walking around the street.” Bialik was dolled up to promote her series “Call Me Kat,” which has just been renewed for a third season. The sitcom also stars Leslie Jordan and Cheyenne Jackson. “It’s very unusual for multicam shows to have the opportunity for a third season,” she shared. “We know there’s not a lot of us left.” “To be an employed actor is a very unusual thing,” the single mom-of-two continued. “I think of the hundreds of people who work to make our show what it is and that’s everyone on our staff and our crew. Camera operators, carpenters who start their work at 10 at night, people who clean up after us, those people have a job in a very complicated economy and that makes us happy.”