Looks like Nick Cannon is done trying to “populate the Earth.” The 41-year-old, father of seven — soon to be eight — revealed to “E! News’ Daily Pop” he got a consultation to go under the knife for a vasectomy recently. “I don’t know if I would’ve designed it this way, but it’s one of those things when you’re blessed with the gifts of children — and as we all know, I’ve been through so much, I find solace, I find peace in my children and I find purpose,” the “Wild “N Out” host explained. “So, I’m not out here looking.” He continued, “I already went and got my vasectomy consultation. I ain’t looking to populate the Earth completely, but I’m definitely looking forward to taking care and loving all the children that I currently have.” Cannon is currently expecting his eighth baby with girlfriend Brie Tiesi. He is already a papa to 11-year-old twins Moroccan and Monroe with ex-wife Mariah Carey; 5-year-old son Golden Sagon and 1-year-old daughter Powerful Queen with Brittany Bell; and 11-month-old twins Zion Mixolydian and Zillion Heir with Abby De La Rosa. The “Masked Singer” emcee and ex Alyssa Scott suffered a loss when their 5-month-old son Zen died from brain cancer last December. However, the entrepreneur does feel “guilt” about “not having enough time to spend with all of my children” due to his busy schedule. Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this web story:  “Especially right now when they’re younger. We was doing Little League with my 5-year-old [Golden] this weekend. We got swim practice this week,” Cannon noted. “I take my kids to school every morning. I FaceTime. Two weeks ago, [twins Moroccan and Monroe] had their birthday party. We shut down Six Flags,” he added. The “Drumline” actor stated that despite some hurdles, he’s still a “big kid at heart” and wants to be a present figure in all of his kids’ lives. “You definitely gonna see some Cannons on the screen and hear their music,” he quipped. “I’m going to have to recoup some of this. So they gonna be some talented babies.” Cannon divulged last year that he will keep making babies if the Lord above lets him. “God willing, if God sees it that way — then that’s what I’m gonna keep doing,” Cannon told told TMZ’s street crew when asked if he planned to have any more kids last September. He also pointed out earlier this year that monogamy isn’t “healthy.” During an appearance on the “The Language of Love With Dr. Laura Berman” podcast, he said: “I feel like that gets into the space of selfishness and ownership . . . [being] married is not [being] single.”