Rep. Antonio Delgado, Gov. Kathy Hochul’s new selection for lieutenant governor, is clarifying his “Afro-Latino” roots following criticism from Latino activists. “I am African American, and I am Cape Verdean. Those are the core aspects of my background,” he said at an Albany press conference Tuesday where he was asked about his connections to the Latino community. “You know, because of my name, Antonio Ramon Delgado, maybe because I also played basketball a little while out in Puerto Rico. I love my Puerto Rican brothers and sisters. I really do but I’m not Puerto Rican,” he added. Cape Verde is an archipelago off the coast of West Africa, a country that was colonized by the Portuguese. “Someone with roots in Cape Verde is NOT considered Latino,” said Luis Miranda, a political consultant who is co-founder of the Hispanic Federation and chairman of the Latino Victory Fund, and the father of “Hamilton” playwright Lin Manuel-Miranda. Following such comments, the Hochul campaign revealed that Delgado does have a maternal grandfather with Mexican, Venezuelan and Colombian roots. His mother, whose maiden name was Thelma Gomez, did not have a relationship with her father, according to the campaign. Delgado, who joined the Hispanic Congressional Caucus after winning election in his Hudson Valley based district in 2018, has a record of identifying as Afro-Latino while emphasizing his connection to the African American community as a kid growing up in the Capital Region. “I grew up like I said, in Macedonia Baptist Church, a black Baptist Church, and so very much rooted in the tradition, so very much rooted in black culture,” Delgado said on Tuesday. One New York Democrat, who requested anonymity, cast doubt on the extent to which Delgado is connected to the Latino community based on his past comments on the matter. “If you are Afro Latino it’s easily answered because you said it enough times … We just don’t say `Latino’, you got to know where someone’s family is from,” said the pol, who identifies as Afro-Latino. “That’s what we do.” In general, Latino activists in New York have been chafing because none of the officials elected citywide or statewide have been Latino. Two other candidates running for lieutenant governor are Latinas: Former Brooklyn Councilwoman Diana Reyna, a Dominican-American and running mate of Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-Nassau); and Ana Maria Archila, a Colombian native who is the running mate of city Public Advocate Jumaane Williams. Delgado replaces former Lt. Gov. Brian Benjamin, who was removed from the ballot after getting indicted on corruption-related charges that alleged he attempted to trade a state grant for campaign contributions. He maintains his innocence. Critics have criticized Hochul’s judgment for her first choice of Benjamin as Lt. Gov when it was apparent there were red flags about his background, including ongoing federal and state investigations. Delgado’s voting record in Congress is relatively moderate compared to left-wing colleagues like Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-Bronx/Queens), which some of his constituents say reflects a lack of concern for issues important to Latinos in his district – including his opposition to lowering the threshold for farmworkers to receive overtime pay. “He can identify, however he wants to identify, because I want to be able to have that freedom too. However, beyond how we identify, everything we do, we own.” said Sandy Cuellar Oxford, an Hispanic constituent in Delgado’s 19th congressional district who is affiliated with the Working Families Party and currently supporting Archila. “He has never really been an advocate for Latino people.” Rival lieutenant governor candidate Reyna chimed in, “His whole career he’s been silent on Latino issues. A spokeswoman for his congressional office did not respond to a request for comment. But Rep. Ritchie Torres (D-Bronx), who identifies as a gay Afro Latino, told The Post that the controversy over Delgado’s background was misplaced. “The whole process of presuming to question his Afro-Latino identity is offensive and outrageous,” Torres said. “And I cannot help but think that there is a racial subtext: black Latino elected officials seem to be singled out for interrogation about their racial and ethnic identities.”