Picture this: you just got home after a long day of work and you throw on your go-to loungewear set, featuring a pair of butter-soft pajama pants, an oversized sweatshirt and your favorite fuzzy socks. You make your way downstairs, put your Territory Foods meal in the microwave and walk into your living room where you light your favorite candle and wrap yourself in a throw blanket and watch your latest TV binge. What’s missing? Warm slippers! Let’s be real, having cold feet is pure torture. There’s a very small percentage of people who actually enjoy walking barefoot on cold, hard floors, so to make sure your feet are as comfy as be, invest in a pair of (new) slippers. Not only will your toes feel toasty but they’ll be supported, too. The problem? Just about every shoe brand out there is offering slippers. With so many options on the market, we wanted to create this edit to help guide you in the right direction. Ahead, check out almost two dozen different options for women, men and children from UGG, L.L. Bean, Rothy’s, Parachute and a plethora of picks from Amazon.com, too. Many of which have thousands of reviews! To shop this article by category, simply click on each link below: The UGG Tasman Slippers are a bestseller for the brand and come in almost 10 colors including chestnut brown, black, pink, blue and more. Keep your feet warm and cozy with Weezie Towel’s plush terry slippers. These unisex slippers feature the brand’s signature soft terry and piped edges with a soft foam footbed. Add embroidery for the perfect gift for an extra $15. If your feet run hot but you don’t want to miss out on the slipper-life, consider these faux fur slippers for just $20 on Amazon. For a cozy and traditional option, go for these ballerina slippers that come in six different hues and only cost $18! UGG’s Fluff Yeah Slide Slippers are another hot item that everyone seems to love. Snag your very own pair in off-white, black, pink, green and more. If you’re trying to get away with wearing slippers in public, these Rothy slip-on shoes are the way to go. They’re designed with a knit blend of premium merino wool, soft sherpa lining and sturdy outsoles — perfect for both indoor and outdoor wear. Another similar pair you’d probably like are UGG’s Ansley Slippers which have a moccasin silhouette and come in a variety of colors. Buy them at the official UGG website, Amazon or Nordstrom. You won’t regret investing in UGG’s Coquette slippers which will be in our closet for many years thanks to the durable yet soft sheepskin and lightweight sole that travels both indoors and out with ease. For a fun and budget-friendly pick, go for the Crazy Lady fuzzy cross band house slippers. They’re on sale for just $15 and come in mint green, black, pink and more. These trendy smiley face slippers will not only put a smile on your face but they’ll keep your feet happy, too. These RockDove slippers have more than 120,000 Amazon reviews and a whopping 4.5-star rating so you know they’re doing something right. Get these Shoeslocker men’s loafer slippers in black, brown and beige and enjoy faux fur lining and durable soles that allow you to wear these babies both indoors and out. While we put these Fanture slippers in the men’s section, they could easily be worn by either gender. Get these budget-friendly buys in grey, black, cranberry and more. AllBirds Wool Dweller slippers should not go overlooked. It’s made with upcycled scraps from the brand’s wool shoes and a cushy midsole to keep your feet happy. If you like to put on slippers immediately after getting out of the shower, terry cloth (or something similar) is the way to go. Consider Parachute’s Turkish cotton slippers that come in five different colors. Snag Everlane’s Fleece-lined slippers before they’re gone! Available in black, brown and green. For slippers that are just as professional as your work wardrobe, go for the UGG leather Ascot Slippers. Your little one’s feet are bound to stay toasty in Bombas’ popular Gripper Slippers. If your child is obsessed with anything “Star Wars” then you should definitely surprise them with a pair of slippers inspired by their favorite series. These little bear-themed slippers are bound to make bedtime that much more fun. For the little one who can’t get enough pretty-and-pink items, go for the unicorn decorated slippers that will only cost you $10 from Amazon.com. Does she love mermaids? If so, she’ll love Scurtain’s colorful scale slippers. L.L. Bean offers four fun toddler critter slippers. Choose from a moose, shark, bear or bunny. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more recommendations.