From sex toy salesman to cyber sensation. A Chicago man is racking up tens of thousands of TikTok followers by revealing the wildest things he witnessed while working in a sex shop. Payton Dow has published more than 50 videos to the social media site, most of which open with the line: “When you worked for an adult store for 7 years & remember random stuff sometimes.” In each of his clips, the ex-salesman subsequently details his encounters with kink-crazed customers. Several of his stories have clocked up millions of views. On Sunday, Dow shared a video viewed a whopping 3.4 million times, saying he once tried to stop a woman with a stroller from entering the store. “I told a woman she couldn’t bring her baby inside but it ended up being her boyfriend in a stroller,” Dow claimed. “This is one kink I don’t understand,” he hilariously captioned the clip. In a separate video, Dow claims he encountered another perverted patron who was similarly treating her significant other in a bizarre way. “A woman asked if I wanted to pet her dog… I walked outside and her husband was on all fours on a leash tied to a tree,” the TikTok user shockingly stated. Elsewhere, Dow says he had an astonishing encounter with an amorous couple who were a little too open about their use of sex toys. “A girl removed her boyfriend’s butt plug in the store after they purchased a new one and switched them out,” he grossly recalled, adding that the incident happened while he was “eating a salad.” Dow further said the shameless pair popped the used sex toy into a bag before exiting the store and heading off on their merry way. However, they weren’t the only couple who loved dirty devices.  A different couple got engaged inside the store after a man proposed using the franchise’s most expensive vibrator in place of a ring. The overjoyed woman immediately said yes. Elsewhere, on a separate occasion, another horny patron allegedly stripped down inside the shop before inserting a battery into her privates so that she could “recharge” herself. During his seven-year stint at the store, Dow was often hit on by customers, with several using sleazy pickup lines to lure him into a date. “You better clean up this lube before I slip and drop my number on the counter,” one cringy customer purportedly said. While most of the clientele were horny and harmless, Dow did help cops bust a criminal. The former sex store worker said he “got a pedophile and sex trafficker arrested by locking them in the store and calling the cops.” Dow did not disclose how he knew the customer was a criminal but claimed he “realized what they were doing and kept them distracted by speaking with them after calling the police.” The TikTok sensation is lucky to have never had his own safety endangered, as working in a sex store can often come with considerable risks. Back in January, a Pennsylvania man threatened to stab a sex shop worker after trying to steal adult toys from the establishment. Meanwhile, an employee at an adult store in Australia had a used vibrator thrown at her after an irate customer complained that the battery overheated.    