Steve Harvey is not too happy about one Hollywood feud. Nearly two months after Will Smith’s infamous slap at the Oscars, Harvey, 65, addressed the event during a speech at Georgia State University. The “Family Feud” host called the “King Richard” actor’s action a “punk move” and said he’s “lost a lot of respect for him,” according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution which first covered the school event. The “Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man” author then noted how his faith would have helped him if he were in a similar situation. “I’m a Christian, but I’m really undeveloped. I don’t have high-level Christianity. On a scale of 1 to 10, I’m like a 2. That’s the level of Christianity I can work on,” Harvey said. He added, “You slap [Dallas-based megachurch bishop] T.D. Jakes, he’ll turn the other cheek. You slap me? If you sit back in your seat, Jada would have to move out of the way. That’s the type of Christian I am.” Smith, 53, caused a ruckus when he smacked presenter Chris Rock onstage at the Academy Awards on March 27 after the comedian made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. As a result of the incident, the “Men in Black” actor was banned from the Oscars for 10 years. However, he was able to keep the Best Actor trophy he scored for “King Richard” the same night. “I accept and respect the academy’s decision,” Smith said in a statement last month. Smith also announced he was resigning from the academy. “My actions at the 94th Academy Awards presentation were shocking, painful and inexcusable,” he said at the time. “The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home,” he added. Rock, 57, made a joke during the telecast in March about Pinkett Smith’s bald head. The 50-year-old suffers from alopecia, a condition that involves hair loss. The “Gotham” actress addressed the contentious moment on her Facebook Watch show, “Red Table Talk” last month. “Considering all that has happened in the last few weeks, the Smith family has been focused on deep healing,” a title card read at the beginning of the episode released on April 20. “Some of the discoveries around our healing will be shared at the table when the time calls,” the message further stated. “Until then the table will continue offering itself to powerful, inspiring and healing testimonies like that of our incredibly impressive first guest.” The episode was taped before the Oscars and featured a conversation with musician-actress Janelle Monáe.