At New York Post Shopping, we’ve tested hundreds of skincare formulas from retinol to hyaluronic acid and niacinamide. That said, we’re obsessed with formulas that help better our skin’s texture, look and feel. As much as we enjoy testing popular skincare brands, we also like sampling new lines which is how we came across Doré. Impressively, the new French-developed beauty brand is reinventing the way skincare routines are formed. Simplicity, sustainability and transparency — collectively — are the crux of what Doré sets out to do: minimize bathroom time, and maximize outdoor time. It’s as easy as that. The brand doesn’t have dozens of products in its Rolodex, either, simply because your daily swipe of its cleanser, restoration balm and cream is all you need if you’re looking to improve your skin’s appearance. What’s more, Doré has a commitment to showcasing the exact ingredients included in each product, including their benefits and where they’re sourced from. So, you’ll enjoy skin-soothing aloe vera sourced from Mexico, moisture-renewing castor oil sourced from India and anti-inflammatory witch hazel sourced from France, among others. Oh, and we can’t forget the elephant in the room: how affordable it is. Not one single-packaged product is more than $40 (woo!) We stand by Doré for alleviating the pressure of following a seven-step skincare routine (and then some). Whether you’re a beginner to using cleanser or a self-taught professional who knows the benefits of bakuchiol by heart, it’s time to shop Doré. With even the most sensitive skin in mind, Doré has a gentle gel-to-milk cleanser that feels buttery smooth while keeping the skin hydrated. It even doubles as a makeup remover, eradicating all traces of product with its fragrance-free formula. The Le Baume is centered on helping repair and moisturize the skin and — drumroll please — it’s a multipurpose product. If your skin is feeling dry or chapped, it can be used on the face and body alike. Plus, it’s packed with aloe vera, castor oil and vitamin E to leave your skin feeling rejuvenated. Doré’s La Crème has to be one of our favorite products we’ve used, serving as our freshly minted daily moisturizer that’s a luxury to apply. If brighter and smoother skin is what you’re after, this less-than-$40 product deserves a home in your skincare fridge. Moreover, the formula is fragrance-free (like its entire line) and includes hyaluronic acid, marine algae and white lily extract. Plus, you can snag the cleanser and cream together with the Le Duo ($60). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.