New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with some exciting NBA clashes on display. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Liverpool travels to Aston Villa in the Premier League, where they’ll face former player Steven Gerrard. Gerrard, now manager of Villa, has the chance to further halter the Red’s chances of winning the league. Should Liverpool fail to win tonight, Manchester City will have the chance to all but win the league tomorrow night at Molineux. Philadelphia 76ers take on the Miami Heat in game five of their conference semifinal, with the series tied 2-2. The 76ers have completely turned the series around after falling into an 0-2 hole, and the return of Joel Embiid from injury has naturally had the largest part to play in their resurgence. The Heat continue to operate with a roster that has several players trying to work through nagging injuries, and it certainly seems to be affecting their performance now that Philadelphia is able to put up more of a fight than prior to Embiid’s return. Two consecutive losses meant the Phoenix Suns sit at 2-2 with the Dallas Mavericks. Despite those losses, the Suns remain the favorite team to advance to the NBA Conference Finals. Game five takes place tonight, as the series returns out west, to the home of the No. 1 regular-season team in the West. In the Stanley Cup Playoffs, Boston Bruins will face the Carolina Hurricanes in Game Five of what is becoming a classic First Round series of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. After losing the first two games, the Bruins won back-to-back games on their home ice to tie up the series. Also tied in their series are Tampa Bay Lightning and Toronto Maple Leafs. The Lightning head over the border to try to avenge a game-four loss. 21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.