Some pervy patrons simply don’t give a hoot. A Hooters waitress is opening up about the creepy comments she’s been subjected to while on the job. Leah Fennelly — who works part-time at one of the franchise’s Florida restaurants — said some sleazy men can’t help but make rude remarks as she takes their orders. “You name it, I’ve heard it,” the 23-year-old brunette told the Daily Star, revealing she usually tries to laugh off any “disrespectful” comments. Fennelly said most men traffic in cliches, making comments such as “Are you on the menu?” and “I want my wings hot and naked like you.” However, sometimes the randy remarks are so out of line that the sexy server has to call in her bosses to boot the bawdy diners out of the establishment. “When I am being mistreated, which is very rare, I will get a manager to handle the situation,” Fennelly said. The brunette went on to clarify that an overwhelming majority of customers are “respectful and nice,” saying that the pros of being a Hooters waitress far outweigh the cons. Fennelly is in law school and has been working part-time at the restaurant for close to six years. In addition to the sleazy comments, another con the brainy beauty is forced to contend with is the misconception that Hooters servers are “dumb,” she said. “I have heard it so many times and it sucks,” Fennelly complained. “I graduated with my bachelor’s and am in my second year of law school. “We have a bartender who has her master’s degree and a ton of girls working toward their nursing degrees at my store,” she added. “Hooters girls are smart and beautiful!” Fennelly runs a popular TikTok page where she frequently uploads videos about her experience working at Hooters. Last month, the waitress raked in a jaw-dropping 10.3 million TikTok views with a clip revealing how much money she earns in gratuity during an eight-hour shift on a random Thursday. In the clip, Fennelly counted out the day’s haul for her more than 117,000 fans, revealing that she earned an impressive $282 in cash, plus $100 sent via CashApp from one of her regular customers. Thunderstruck cyber-watchers were blown away by her extraordinary payday. “Lol I’m a nurse and you make more than a starting nurse in a 12-hour shift,” laughed a viewer. “I’m an engineer and this girl makes more than me lol, I’m never tipping again,” teased another.