Gov. Kathy Hochul said the Empire State will protect “human rights” by allocating $35 million to abortion providers in anticipation of increased demand if the US Supreme Court strikes down Roe v. Wade. “We’re not backing down and I will not stand idly by when rights for women across the entire nation are destroyed,” Hochul said Tuesday at a virtual press conference. Abortion providers will receive $10 million in security grants to buy equipment like cameras or hire guards. Another $25 million will come through an emergency fund overseen by the state Department of Health to help providers expand capacity. “There’s a lot of anxiety. We don’t know what’s going to happen, but we need to prepare for any scenario,” Hochul added. She said funding will come through the recently approved state budget that did not include all the funding priorities sought by state lawmakers. But the move immediately sparked concerns of executive office overreach. “Regardless of one’s position on the underlying issue, the idea the Governor can just magically appropriate funds without legislative approval is ridiculous,” Assemblyman Michael Lawler (R-Rockland) tweeted Tuesday afternoon. The embattled governor has leaned into abortion rights in recent weeks while attacking political rivals like pro-life Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-NY) from Long Island — the putative front-runner for the GOP nomination for governor — following recent political setbacks that include the resignation of ex-Lt. Gov. Brian Benjamin. “This is ‘never let a crisis go to waste’ manufactured hysteria designed to distract from the absolute dumpster fire they’ve created in New York. Criminals are ruling our streets and no one can afford to live here, but once again NY Democrats’ priorities are completely out of whack with the concerns of struggling New Yorkers,” GOP state party chair Nick Langworthy said in a statement. Her ongoing support for expanding abortion access for New Yorkers and women coming from out of state has also provoked criticism from some advocacy groups on fiscal and moral grounds. “This is a grave misuse of state resources and an insult to millions of pro-life New Yorkers. Inviting women from out of state to come here to abort their unborn children is a breathtaking reminder of how far our culture has fallen,” Dennis Poust, executive director of the New York State Catholic Conference that represents Cardinal Timothy Dolan and other bishops on state policy matters, said in a press release. Lawmakers are expected to act on a package of abortion-related bills later this month, state Sen. Liz Krueger (D-Manhattan) said at the press conference. “Sorry, Governor … we’re going to need to make sure that the people coming across state lines, who will disproportionately be low income, young, and young women of color, are able to come here and get the services they need, but what a tremendous, tremendous start for us all,” Krueger said at the press conference. One of several bills under consideration would preclude law enforcement in New York from cooperating with their peers in states like Texas in circumstances related to newly restrictive abortion laws. Another piece of legislation would require insurance companies to expand coverage for reproductive health care. State lawmakers are also looking to create a $50 million abortion fund to help out-of-state women, including illegal migrants, pay for medical care, travel and other expenses related to trips to New York seeking abortions. The new push for abortion rights follows the leak of a draft Supreme Court decision that would strike down Roe v. Wade if officially issued. A final decision is expected as soon as next month and the governor said she is already deciding how the state ought to mitigate other potential decisions by the right-leaning court. That could mean New Yorkers might be voting in the coming years on enshrining into the state constitution gay marriage and other protections based on gender or sexual orientation. The ball could get rolling on that effort before state lawmakers adjourn for the year on June 2 — with any legislatively approved amendments possibly on the ballot as soon as November 2023. “I do support this. I’m working closely with our legislative team to engage with legislators to see what we can do before the end of session,” Hochul said.