Have you always wanted to watch movies/TV shows, music videos, video clips, and more in a different format other than your phone or your laptop screen? We’ve got a solution for you and it’s bigger and better than the way you’ve been watching media already. This Outdoor Movie Bundle: Wemax Go Portable Projector & 50″ Portable Screen will become your saving grace when it comes to watching media in different ways, especially if you miss going to the movie theater. This projector and screen will allow you to watch your favorite movies on a big screen inside, outdoors, or even in your car. And it’s $549.99–31% off the usual price–for a limited time. This fantastic bundle has everything you need to have an at-home theater experience! First off, the projector is small but mighty. This cinema-grade ALPD laser projector is portable so you can fit it in your pocket, purse, backpack, or glove compartment for when you want to watch media on the go. It even has built-in Wi-Fi so you don’t have to stress about cables getting knotted up or strewn about your viewing surface. It has an HDMI port, USB port, and a Type-C port for your convenience. Its smart eye protection prevents the light from being beamed directly into your eyes. Instead, the laser light reflects off the projector screen giving you a safe viewing experience. You’ll also get a 50″ projector screen that you can take with you anywhere you desire. It’s lightweight, compact enough to pack in your car or large bag if you’re traveling, and is free-standing. Many Amazon customers raved about its convenience, high quality, and more. One satisfied shopper says, “It has amazing picture quality! Far better than the faded or fuzzy display quality I’m used to from projectors. Everything is bright, clear, and vibrant!” So the next time you’re thinking about going camping, hosting an outdoor movie party, or having a cozy night in while watching something on a big screen, do it with the Wemax Go Portable Projector & 50″ Portable Screen. It’s on sale now for $549. Prices subject to change.