There’s one last laugh. Norm Macdonald secretly recorded a run-through of a planned standup special shortly before his death — and it could soon be coming to Netflix. The exciting news was revealed Wednesday by fellow funnyman David Spade, eight months on from the “Saturday Night Live” star’s untimely passing. “I definitely cried,” Spade stated, saying he saw the footage alongside five of Macdonald’s closest friends following a belated memorial service in Los Angeles last weekend. The “Weekend Update” legend died last September at the age of 61, following a nine-year battle with leukemia, which he kept secret from the public. The death came as a shock to fans all around the world  — but they will now be heartened to know that more Macdonald material was in the pipeline and that it could soon be coming to screens. Spade spoke about the special during the latest episode of his “Fly on the Wall” podcast with Dana Carvey, saying Macdonald recorded the rough run-through while at home alone, as theaters were closed amid the COVID-19 lockdowns. “He just said ‘You know, I keep trying to do my set’ and he was getting weaker, which we didn’t know,” Spade stated.  “They keep shutting down theaters, and they wouldn’t let him go, so then he goes, ‘I’m just gonna run it once, just kind of say it out loud.'” The funnyman said that the jokes included in the final standup were “classic Norm stuff.” Spade was among the attendees at Macdonald’s memorial service in Hollywood last weekend, with Bill Murray, Molly Shannon and Conan O’Brien also reported to be present at the event. The funnyman revealed camera crews were on hand to record the memorial, prompting him to believe that a documentary about Macdonald is currently in the works with Netflix — where he previously hosted a talk show. The Post has reached out to the streaming platform for comment. Spade added that he believes the run-through of Macdonald’s final standup special could be included in the documentary. Spade starred with Macdonald on “SNL” during the mid-1990s, with the pair remaining firm friends in the years following. Macdonald — who was born in Canada — shot to fame after joining the “SNL” cast back in 1993. The wry comedian is credited with “saving the show” during one its “darkest periods,” and became known for his impressions of Burt Reynolds, David Letterman, Larry King and  Quentin Tarantino over his five-season run. After being fired from “SNL” in 1998, Macdonald starred in his own sitcom, “The Norm Show,” which ran for three seasons on ABC from 1999 to 2001. In the years following, he became known for his standup specials, with The New York Times describing the funnyman as a “sneaky aesthete who elevated standup, helping shift its cultural prestige over the past few decades into an art deserving respect.”