We now pronounce them Mr. and Mrs. Universe. Two amateur bodybuilders who met during quarantine turned pro on the same day, just months after connecting on Instagram. British couple Amy Scholes-Higham, 30, first spotted Ryan Mackins, 34, on the app two years ago, and said she “quite liked the look of him” and gave him a follow. “He then messaged me, and he said, ‘Oh you’ve really made my morning.’ It was really, really cheesy, but then we got talking,” she told South West News Service. “We actually spoke about music and food and lots of things that weren’t actually to do with bodybuilding, so we knew straight away that we clicked.” They had a long-distance relationship for a few months, until buying a house together in Bolton, Lancashire. Spending thousands on gym memberships, supplements, and competition equipment, the couple had the unique understanding of what it takes to compete as professional bodybuilders. “To us, our lifestyle is very, very normal, but to other people, it isn’t,” she said. Mackins eats more than 6,000 calories a day while Scholes-Higham consumes nearly 3,000 while they’re training. “For example, we pretty much eat the same foods but different quantities, and every single time we have a meal, it’s weighed,” she explained. “But on top of that, bodybuilding is incredibly expensive — my bikinis alone start from about £250 [$315], and I’ll have a couple of those each season. The tans that you have to get are about £70 [$88], the makeup is about £65 [$82], the stage heels are about £70 – £80 [$88 – $105], and all your jewelry is about £10 [$12.63] a pop.” But despite spending so much to maintain their buff lifestyle, the couple is sure its worth it. “We’re a little bit reluctant to total [the entire] amount, but it will go into the thousands,” Mackins said. “It’s an investment in ourselves, that’s the way we see it.” All their efforts paid off on May 15 when they both competed in and won the top titles at the PCA Universe amateur event.  “Before I won the Miss Universe title, which is basically the world championships, I also became the Bikini North West champion as well,” Scholes-Higham said. “But to become Miss Universe and receive a “pro” card within two years of competing is exceptional really, so I’m super, super proud.” Scholes-Higham and Mackins believe no other spouses can say they’ve received the “pro” status or become Mr. and Miss Universe on the same day — so it’s incredibly unique. “It’s so amazing to have someone who gets you, and I don’t know if I could have reached the same level if she had not been there as well,” Ryan added. Next, the couple hopes to compete in America where they can earn cash prizes and sponsorships.