The vital mission of the Republican-Right in November 2022 and ’24 should be to demolish the Democratic Party and relegate it to the Smithsonian, amid the Whig and Know Nothing parties. The Democratic Party of JFK, LBJ and even Bill “Welfare Reform” Clinton is long gone. The Democratic Party of Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi and Gavin Newsom has nothing positive to offer and deserves to be voted overwhelmingly into oblivion. The Democratic Left has become purveyors of poverty, chaos, danger and death. Nominal wages advanced 5.5% year-on-year in April, but last month’s 8.3% inflation (a near 40-year-high) shriveled real wages to negative 2.8%. Bloomberg reports that, compared to 2021, inflation will cost the average US household $5,200 this year, or $100 per week, for the same basket of goods. Biden’s five-steps-forward, eight-steps-back economy is making Americans poor again. Biden’s figure does not include an estimated 620,000 got-aways who invaded America without even greeting the Border Patrol. Also, 42 foreigners on the terrorist watch list tried to enter the United States during the Biden-Democratic Era, including 23 at the southern “border.” Democrats also sacked cash bail. Criminals rejoiced. Jewayne Price was arrested last month for shooting nine people in a Columbia, SC, shopping mall. He was out on $25,000 bond in mere hours. As Democrats unleash political violence, Leftist thugs repeatedly have given black eyes and bloody noses to Trump supporters in MAGA hats. After George Floyd’s murder, Black Lives Matter and Antifa rioters toppled statues and torched police precincts and hundreds of other buildings across America. Democrats rejoiced. Then-Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) raised money to spring these hoodlums from jail. Attorney General Maura Healy (D-Mass.) said, “America in on fire, but that’s how forests grow.” Democratic lawmakers have rejected bills that would protect babies who, somehow, survive abortions. According to today’s Democratic ghouls, mothers should be free to kill their babies until the moment of birth.   Republicans and Libertarians henceforth should compose America’s two-party system. The Democrats’ deadly Wokistani socialism should be deported to Cuba, Nicaragua and Venezuela — where it belongs. Until that happy day, the Republican-Right must perform a priceless public service: Banish the Democratic Party to the National Museum of American History, where it no longer could terrorize the American people. Tourists then could marvel at it — neutralized, behind glass and between Dorothy Gale’s ruby slippers and Archie Bunker’s easy chair. Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor.