A borough leader and the City Council’s top Republican are teaming up to press passage of a bill that would give authorities some muscle to go after pervs who send out unwanted pictures of their junk. Council Minority Leader Joseph Borelli (R-Staten Island) introduced the bill Thursday — with Democratic Queens Borough President Donovan Richards’ support. If passed into law the measure would make it a misdemeanor for people to send “unsolicited sexually explicit” videos or images to others with the “intent to harass, annoy or alarm.” Violators of the de facto “d–k pic” law would face up to a year in jail and a $1,000 fine. “This creates a mechanism for the police, so if you’re getting random penis pics, and you happen to know who it’s from and can prove it, at least now there would be a crime to charge someone with,” Borelli said. “Right now, when it’s not child pornography or it doesn’t fit the bracket of a specific crime, such as harassment, there is no way currently to charge someone.” Borelli said he was spurred on in part by a 2018 case where cops couldn’t provide justice for a group of Midtown women who said they were terrorized by their penis-photo texting doorman — because detectives determined it wasn’t a crime. Creepy men have also long made it a sick sport of using iPhone AirDrop to send unsuspecting women of photos of their junk while riding on the same subway car, although Borelli credited Apple with some recent measures to block the practice. Both Borelli and Richards, a former councilman, tried to push through a similar law change a few years back but they’re efforts stalled. They’re hoping for better luck with a new mayor and completely overhauled City Council now in power. “The borough president urges the City Council to pass this legislation quickly and send a strong message that violating another New Yorker in such a way will not be tolerated,” said  Chris Barca, a Richards spokesman. A spokeswoman for Mayor Eric Adams said his office would review the legislation.