Johnny Depp’s longtime friendship with disgraced shock rocker Marilyn Manson has been repeatedly referenced at his ongoing trial against ex-wife Amber Heard — but his radical fan base is now taking it to a darker place. Depp is suing his former spouse for $50 million, claiming she defamed him in a 2018 Washington Post op-ed where she wrote that she had been a victim of domestic abuse. Depp’s super fans have launched a #JusticeforJohnnyDepp smear campaign against Heard, 36, on social media, accusing her of being a “psychotic witch” and a “manipulative liar.” And now, with the trial in recess until next Monday, the actor’s ardent fans have turned their attention to Manson, 53, who first became friends with Depp, 58, back in the 1990s. Thousands of instances of the hashtag #IStandWithMarilynManson have flooded Twitter in the last week alone. Like Depp, Manson — who was born Brian Warner — has been brought down by allegations of abuse made by a high-profile former flame. In February 2021, Manson’s ex-fiancée Evan Rachel Wood, 34, accused the rocker of “horrific” abuse, writing on her Instagram page: “I was brainwashed and manipulated into submission. I am done living in fear of retaliation, slander, or blackmail.” The three-time Emmy nominee further claimed she was “groomed” by Manson when they met in 2006, when she was 18 and he was 37. Some die-hard Depp supporters have taken to Twitter noting what they allege are similarities between Heard and Wood, claiming that Manson could be a victim of false accusations, just as they believe Depp to be. Both Heard and Wood are blond actresses in their 30s, whose relationships with the older and more famous men thrust them further into the spotlight. The pair have even been photographed together, prompting a flurry of conspiracy theories. “In the world of showbiz there’s always two toxic friends who decide to put [“Mean Girls” villain] Regina George to shame and that’s Amber Heard and Evan Rachel Wood,” one person wrote, above a snap of the two starlets dining together. “I see so many similarities between Amber Heard and Evan Rachel Wood,” another declared. “The fake abuse. The ‘I am an innocent girl, he tried to lure me to his house by promising movie’ talk. The flirty moments they try to push off to be forceful (yet after end up in relationships w/ them).” Several have even gone as far as to claim that both Depp and Manson are “abused men.” “So now that people finally believe Johnny Depp is innocent, when are they gonna start believing Marilyn Manson is?” one Twitter user asked. “By now you’d think people realize with the Depp stuff that it’s important not to rush to judgement but yet, they STILL do.” Another responded: “I’ve always believed both Depp and Manson are innocent. AH [Amber Heard] and ERW [Evan Rachel Wood] just saw an opportunity with the #MeToo movement to gain clout. But they are just destroying women’s credibility with DV [domestic violence] and SA [sexual assault]”. Reps for Depp, Heard, Manson and Wood have not responded to The Post’s request for comment. Meanwhile, Depp’s fans are highly devoted to say the least, with some spending $30,000 to travel to his current trial as a show of support. Online, Depp die-hards have taken to TikTok to accuse Heard of “fake crying.” And while some supporters may now be sympathizing with Manson, the differences between allegations leveled against Depp and the goth musician are wildly different. Manson has been accused of abuse by multiple people over two decades. Back in 2001, Manson was charged with fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct, misdemeanor assault and battery after he allegedly assaulted security guard Joshua Keasler. Keasler claimed that the musician rubbed his crotch against his head during a concert in Michigan. The case was settled out of court. In 2018, “House” star Charlyne Yi accused Manson of harassing “just about every woman” when he visited the set of the show, asking them inappropriate questions about “scissoring.” Meanwhile, following Wood’s allegations of abuse last year, some 15 other women, including “Game of Thrones” actress Esmé Bianco, came forward with allegations of abuse. The claims are being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department, though no charges have been filed. Earlier this year, Wood once again hit out at her ex, accusing him of forcing her to have sex on camera in his music video for the song “Heart-Shaped Glasses.” “Of all the false claims that Evan Rachel Wood has made about Brian Warner, her imaginative retelling of the making of the ‘Heart-Shaped Glasses’ music video 15 years ago is the most brazen and easiest to disprove, because there were multiple witnesses,” Manson’s attorney told The Post at the time. Wood and Manson met in 2006 and confirmed their relationship the following year. They briefly became engaged in 2010 before eventually splitting. Meanwhile, Manson and Depp have had a close friendship stretching back three decades. The “Blow” star is even reported to have made the musician the godfather of his daughter, Lily-Rose Depp, after she was born back in 1999. In 2017, the actor appeared in one of Manson’s raunchy music videos, simulating a threesome with two topless models. During the current defamation trial, Depp admitted to the court that he had done cocaine with Manson, and “once gave him a pill.” The trial between Depp and Heard is set to resume next Monday, upon which date Heard will be cross-examined by Depp’s team. The “Secret Window” star claims he never abused Heard, and that he was the one who was actually attacked by her. Heard, who is countersuing Depp for $100 million, last week took to the stand claiming that Depp slapped her across the face and conducted a “cavity search,” reportedly believing she had hidden his cocaine in her vagina.