Oftentimes in the NHL, the final score does not paint an accurate picture of how a game actually went. At the end of Game 1 between the Boston Bruins and Carolina Hurricanes, the final score read 5-1 in favor of the Canes. On the surface, that looks like a blowout for the home team, but in reality, it was a pretty tightly contested game that could have gone either way. In fact, you could make the argument that the Bruins deserved a better fate after playing a pretty solid road game and getting deep into the second period with the contest knotted, 0-0. Odds provided by FanDuel Spread: BOS +1.5 (-270) vs. CAR -1.5 (+22) Moneyline: BOS (+100) vs. CAR (-120) Total: Over 5.5 (-115) | Under 5.5 (-105) Carolina goaltender Antti Raanta proved to be the difference in Game 1, stopping 35 of 36 shots and out-dueling Linus Ullmark, who kept Carolina at bay until nearly 17 minutes into the second period. The Bruins certainly carried the play in the early going and, if not for Raanta, should have been ahead at the first intermission. Carolina did find its footing as the game went on, but the expected goals at all situations showed this contest was basically a coin flip. The Canes finished with 2.69 xG, while the Bruins ended the contest with 2.23. At 5-on-5, the xG numbers favored the B’s to the tune of 2.14 to 1.64. Game 1 could have gone in 100 different directions, but Raanta proved to be the difference. Looking ahead to Game 2, the oddsmakers have the Hurricanes priced right around where they had them for the curtain-raiser. Carolina is a -120 home favorite, which is where the Canes closed on Monday night. At times during the postseason, you’ll see the betting market overreact to one-game sample size. Normally, those over-adjustments come after a blowout like the one the Bruins supposedly endured in Game 1. The fact that the market has barely budged on the heels of a 5-1 defeat tells you what you need to know about how Game 1 went. The B’s put together a decent effort and should they do it again could very well find themselves heading back north with a split. The Bruins have been in terrific form since New Year’s Day and, despite the result, Game 1 was really more of the same from Boston. The B’s controlled play at 5-on-5 and created chances, but they just didn’t finish. There’s value going right back to Boston in Game 2 and taking the B’s to come back and win the series is also a sound bet at +170. Bruins vs. Hurricanes Game 2 betting pick: Boston Bruins +100 to win Game 2; Boston Bruins +170 to win the series (BetMGM)