New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The NBA playoffs kick off the week, with a pair of series both sat at 2-1. The Warriors lead the Grizzlies in the West, but this contest is far from over. The Warriors took game three in commanding fashion and tonight’s game is another home tie for Golden State. A heartbreaking loss in Game 3 has the Celtics seething for redemption when stepping on the hardwood against the Milwaukee Bucks. Giannis Antetokounmpo was unstoppable in a 42-point scoring effort to help the reigning NBA champions retake control of the series. Meanwhile, Jayson Tatum was nowhere to be found on a night when the Celtics came within a tipped ball of pulling out a victory. The Yankees face Texas Rangers today, and despite a winning record have struggled in the past week, dropping two of their previous 3 matches. Heading into this game, the offense struggled, scoring only five runs in the previous 3 matches. The Rangers are 11-15, but they won five of their previous six matches to turn the season around. The pitching was a problem early in the season, but they improved in the last week. New York Rangers head into a crucial Game 4 of the NHL playoffs in Pittsburgh, where they’ll look to even the first-round series against the Penguins at 2 games each. Pittsburgh beat the Rangers on Saturday in a high-scoring 7–4 contest, which saw the team pull their star goalie, Igor Shesterkin, after he allowed 4 goals in the first period, and played Alexandar Georgiev for the remainder of the contest. 2-1 down in the series, the Rangers really need a result tonight.  21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook.