LeBron James treated fans to a rare Twitter Q&A on Monday and things got interesting. James — who’s had a lot of time on his hands after the Lakers missed the playoffs — got candid with fans about moments in his career, but ignored ESPN’s inquiries about his favorite career moment and who he has winning the Finals and Finals MVP. When asked about the “toughest moment of your career and how did you get through it?” James replied, “Losing in the finals to Dallas after playing like [s–t]!!” He referenced the 2011 NBA Finals series when the Mavericks beat his Miami Heat in six games — a series in which James was pursuing his first title. “I hit the reset button, went back to the basics, worked on things in my game I needed to get better at so the defense couldn’t just sit on 1 thing,” he continued about his post-finals journey that year. “Hours & hours & hours everyday in the off season on it. Came back [locked] in!” James — alongside Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh — went on to win the next two championships with the Heat. James, who turns 38 in December, was also asked how many more years he’s got in him on the court before he calls it a career. “The way I feel, I can go on for a min to be honest,” the four-time NBA champion replied.  “It’s really up to me and my mental staying fresh/sharp! I’m still psycho driven!” Although James didn’t get around to answering every question, he did reveal that his current favorite player is Mavericks star Luka Doncic, who helped lead Dallas to the Western Conference Finals against the Warriors, with Game 1 set for Thursday in San Francisco. When asked about whether or not his eldest son Bronny, 17, has beat him one-on-one, James replied, “The last time we actually played I shattered the backboard on a dunk so we couldn’t finish the game.” The Lakers star also revealed that he plans to play with his son, adding, “God willing” with a fingers crossed emoji. James has long said he wants to play with Bronny when he reaches the NBA. Bronny is currently enrolled at the Sierra Canyon School in Los Angeles, which has a reputation for developing young basketball talent. The junior point guard is the 54th ranked prospect as of April, according to 247Sports.com. Bronny will be draft-eligible in two years under the NBA’s current rules, which require incoming players to be at least 19 years old and at least one year removed from graduating high school. James’ Twitter Q&A came a week after Lakers owner Jeanie Buss said she was “unhappy” and “not satisfied” with the current state of the team after posting a 33-49 record that fell short of even the play-in tournament. The 37-year-old, James is up for a contract extension on Aug. 4, but it’s unclear what he plans to do.