Optimistic and upbeat in the face of significant adversity, Aaron Boone took the glass-half-full approach as bad injury news flowed Wednesday. “It’s also a great opportunity,” the Yankees manager said on the day when Giancarlo Stanton and Jonathan Loaisga were added to the injured list, “for people we’re really excited about to step up and step into roles.” For one series at least, that next-man-up mindset produced results. A night after Jose Trevino powered the Yankees to a come-from-behind victory, JP Sears and Miguel Andujar were the heroes in a series-clinching, 2-0 victory over the Orioles in front of 39,154 at the Stadium. Sears, making his first major league start, tossed five shutout innings. Andujar drove in a run and contributed to another with a stolen base. The injury-ravaged bullpen — with Loaisiga, Chad Green and Aroldis Chapman all on the IL — delivered four sterling innings of work, led by Ron Marinaccio’s two shutout frames and a scoreless ninth from Clay Holmes, who earned his fifth save of the season and third since May 18. “Young guys stepping up right now is awesome to see,” said Holmes, who has not allowed a run in his last 21 appearances, spanning 23 innings, the longest stretch in baseball this season. “To have these guys come in and contribute and be a big part of some wins is really good for us.” It enabled the best-in-baseball Yankees (23-13) to win their 11th series in 14 opportunities despite not having the services of DJ LeMahieu, Josh Donaldson and Stanton. Wednesday, it was the woeful Orioles, but the schedule stiffens starting Thursday with a four-game series against the rival Rays in St. Petersburg, Fla. But the call-ups gave the Yankees and their fans a reason to smile after a stretch of bad luck over the past few days. “It’s been a tough couple of days for us, just with some people going down and things,” Boone said. “Really excited to see those guys step in and play key roles, help us get another series victory. Proud of their effort.” Sears, who was optioned back to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre after the game, navigated shaky command and a Gleyber Torres error to turn in a strong outing. He stranded six runners altogether, including two apiece in the first two frames. That’s when his best work came. He struck out two of the Orioles’ best hitters, Anthony Santander and Ryan Mountcastle, in the first inning after the first two hitters had reached base. In the second, he had two on with one out, but got out of it, fanning Cedric Mullins to close the frame. Only one of the final seven Orioles to face Sears reached base, and he left on the right side of a 2-0 game. The Yankees went ahead for good in the fourth, with Aaron Judge starting the rally by doubling down the left-field line. After a Torres single, Judge scored on Andujar’s single. Torres came around for the second run when catcher Adley Rutschman threw the ball into center field trying to stop Andujar from stealing second base. “He got that first hit on the board for him and for us, and then obviously a big hit there in the inning where we were able to score,” Boone said of Andujar. “Really good to see him come in tonight and contribute in a big way. … I feel like since spring training he’s been in a better place offensively than we’ve seen in the last couple of years. He’ll get some opportunities here.” The two-run fourth inning was enough for Sears and company, which didn’t allow an Orioles runner to advance past second base until an Aaron Hicks misplay with two outs in the ninth inning and held them without an extra-base hit. It was similar to so many Yankees wins thus far this season — elite pitching and just enough offense — except with different names carrying the load.