This mom is not doing a baby shower — the kid will just stay unwashed. Mother of four boys Shahnta Hoare is making a splish-splash on social media after revealing that she’s refusing to give her newborn son a bath — despite his body being covered in a cheese-like film since delivery. “My husband and I decided to not bathe our son because of the health benefits,” Hoare, 24, told The Post. “It helps newborns regulate their body temperature with skin to skin, it gives a protective barrier and is an antimicrobial as well.” She first went public with her avant-garde approach to neonatal grooming on TikTok Monday. “We actually don’t give baths for, like, the first month,” admitted Hoare, from Silverdale, Washington, while cradling her infant in her trending testimonial that’s fetched more than 9 million views. “Ozzy didn’t get wiped off of anything.” Her controversial confessional comes as a viral video response to a separate clip, featuring baby Ozzy’s recent home birth delivery. In the post, the freshly birthed bundle of joy’s body is seen coated in a flaky, cream-colored film known as vernix caseosa — a naturally occurring biofilm covering the skin of the fetus during the last trimester of pregnancy. And Hoare said the crust is crucial to her baby’s health. “Vernix is actually really good to keep on their skin. It’s super, super moisturizing,” she raved online, noting the natural overlay’s oily qualities. “He had it on his neck creases, he had it on his ears, fingers, toes. It’s the best.” And science may be on her side — at least to a degree. In 2017, the World Health Organization released a statement on postponing baths right after birth, saying: “Bathing should be delayed to after 24 hours of birth. If this is not possible due to cultural reasons, bathing should be delayed for at least six hours.” Likewise, a 2017 study by the International Childbirth Education Association determined that the vernix caseosa acts as a protective biofilm that aids the new tot’s changing skin in staying “hydrated,” which prevents “cracking and peeling.” However, waiting a full month may be pushing hygiene to its limit. “Most experts suggest one can wait up to a week for the first bath. The bath will wipe away that protective covering,” Dr. John Whyte, chief medical officer of WebMD, told The Post. “Waiting 30 days is likely too long.” Potential health benefits notwithstanding, judgmental digital naysayers shamed the mom for her extended, nontraditional grooming practices. “A month? Ain’t no way,” scoffed one outraged audience member. “If my baby isn’t sparkling clean I will not be touching it,” spat another. And while Hoare concedes that the aversion to bathing her babe might be “gross” to some, she forewarns haters that they’ll be singing another tune once they become parents. “When it’s your own baby, you’re gonna be like, ‘This [vernix] is so good,’” she predicted. The mom added: “He won’t get his first bath for, like, many more weeks.” And in a follow-up clip, she explained her stance even further, insisting that, “Newborns really aren’t dirty … their skin is really fragile and really delicate and it can get dried out really easy.” She also gently scolded her critics saying, “If you wanna wipe off your baby, give them a bath before you even touch them — that is your choice.”