President Biden gave the right answer when asked in Japan if the United States would defend Taiwan if (when) China attacks it: “Yes” (“Joe said Tai-what?!” May 25). But, as predictable as the sun rising, Biden’s underlings, like Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, “dialed back” his answer and reiterated the “One China Policy.” The White House said Biden “misspoke,” treating him like a silly fool. Biden should have gone further and repudiated the One China Policy, a stupid policy of kowtower President Jimmy Carter. It’s time to appoint people who actually know something about Asia and are not sell-outs. Andrew Delaney Menlo Park, Calif. China has been intimidating towards the Taiwanese government and its people for many years. By declaring that we will defend Taiwan, Biden is putting the Beijing regime on notice that it should not attempt anything provocative militarily, or it will it will have to deal with the consequences of its actions. The United States must strengthen its military power in Asia, which will also send a message to the regime in North Korea not to play games with the security of the region. John Amato Fresh Meadows In “Taiwan Truth,” Michael Mazza correctly points out that US policy toward China and Taiwan is long outdated (PostOpinion, May 24). However, I disagree with his recommendations to fix the problem. The scariest dimension to the current conflict in East Asia is not China’s capabilities or objectives, but rather our president’s discernible inability to follow through and lead. When China attacks Taiwan, frighteningly, Biden may either delay action, forbear from action or even overreact to such a crisis. What may be necessary is to have an established East-Asian defense organization, like NATO, that unites many regional states in the Pacific Rim to real deterrence against China’s aggression. This avoids strategic ambiguity and removes Biden from decision-making. Stanley Rubin Fresh Meadow On his recent trip to Asia, Biden said the United States would use military force to defend Taiwan from a Chinese attack. This would be a mistake. We have no military alliance with Taiwan nor do we have a vital strategic interest in its security. We should not endanger the precious lives of our young men and women unless the need for military involvement is in the vital interests of this country. While we should support the Taiwanese with military equipment, we should not commit our military to defend the borders of Taiwan, especially since the president shows no interest in defending our own. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville This week, Biden committed our country to Taiwan’s defense in the face of China’s authoritarian attacks. As an American, I have never been as proud of a president’s wartime posture in my entire life. By offering Taiwan a promise of dedication to the preservation of constitutional government and capitalism, Biden will deter President Xi Jinping’s genocidal imperialism. The American people must remember that the United States serves as a beacon of hope to the world only if we continue to act in the name of justice, equity and progressivism. However, we can only continue this inspirational legacy through the embrace of our triumph over evil at home and abroad. Now, Biden indicates that we will confront China and continue to champion the cause of liberty. Henry Wilson Barrington, Ill. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.