Elon Musk once again trolled Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on Twitter — daring her to ask her own followers whether they have less trust in politicians or billionaires. The Tesla CEO addressed the New York congresswoman directly on his Twitter account late on Thursday — just days after the progressive “Squad” member said she’s eager to sell her Tesla. Musk on Thursday posted a survey in which he asks: “Who do you trust less? Real question.” The two options given were politicians and billionaires. More than 2.3 million people voted in the poll, which 76% saying they had less trust in politicians. Musk then tweeted: “@aoc I dare you to run the same poll with your followers.” When one Twitter user wondered whether Musk was “picking on” the congresswoman because she said she wanted to ditch her Tesla, the tech mogul responded with a wide-eyed and a laughing hysterical emoji. This is the second time in as many months that Musk has trolled Ocasio-Cortez. Last month, he playfully teased her to “stop hitting on me” after the Democrat lashed out at “some billionaire with an ego problem” — though she claims she was referring to Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Earlier this week, the Green New Deal-backing progressive congresswoman from the Bronx and Queens told Bloomberg News that she’s itching to switch to an electric car that is manufactured by a company that employs union members. The Democrat told Bloomberg News on Wednesday that she purchased her Tesla Model 3 back in 2020 in order to make it easier to travel between her local district and Washington, DC. “At the time, it was the only EV that could get me from New York to Washington on like one, or one-and-a-half charges,” she said. “I would love to switch.” The only battery-powered vehicles that are made domestically by unionized workers are the Chevrolet Bolt, the Bolt EUV, and the Ford F-150 Lightning pickup truck. AOC recently got engaged to her longtime boyfriend, Riley Roberts. Musk has alienated liberals and Democrats in recent weeks after he declared that he would purchase Twitter in order to reverse some of the site’s content moderation policies. The Tesla CEO has said he would reinstate Donald Trump’s Twitter account if his $44 billion acquisition of the San Francisco-based social media company is completed. Musk has also voiced criticisms of the Democratic Party, which he branded a faction of “hate and division,” and stated his intent to vote for GOP candidates in this year’s midterm elections as well as the 2024 contests.