Maybe, maybe not. But probably. The Giants most likely will sign a veteran cornerback to help fill the void left behind by the release of James Bradberry. “We’ll see,’’ head coach Brian Daboll said Friday. “Worry about rookie camp today. Good question, though.’’ Adoree’ Jackson is the only cornerback on the roster with extensive experience. “We’ll work with the guys we have,’’ Daboll said. “We’re going to try to add and at times replace guys if other guys are better. Really a day-to-day process.’’ The most logical replacement for Bradberry already on the roster is Aaron Robinson, who missed half his rookie season last year on injured reserve. He was a 2021 third round pick from Central Florida. The question is whether Robinson can play on the perimeter, as he was used mainly in the slot as a rookie. “All I can go by with what we’ve done out here this past month, which is no pads and things like that, but Aaron’s been doing a really good job picking up the system, does a good job in drills, excited to work with him,’’ Daboll said. Asked if Robinson can be an outside corner, Daboll said, “Yeah, we’ll see. Yup.’’ Since staying away from the first two weeks of the voluntary offseason workout program and the voluntary minicamp, receiver Kadarius Toney has had perfect attendance. “I really like him,’’ Daboll said. “He’s smart. Again, you’re not really — you’re doing things. A lot of them on air and stuff like that. But you can tell he’s got instinctive football. He was a really good [high school] quarterback down in Alabama. He’s been a pleasure to be around. Good teammate. Smart. It’s been great.’’ Of the 85 players at this camp, only one is a quarterback, Brian Lewerke, who was on the practice squad last season. In need of an extra arm for drills, general manager Joe Schoen stepped in and threw the ball with some authority. Schoen, 42, was a quarterback and wide receiver at DePauw University in Indiana. The time on the field for this rookie camp is minimal, with more of an emphasis on classroom work. The players are on the field for about 70 minutes, participating in a walk-through, individual drills and 7-on-7 periods. “We’re not going to overdo it in terms of the installation and give them a ton of things to learn,’’ Daboll said. “I think it’s really important, particularly the trial guys, to minimize the package, not motion and shift and do all these crazy things, and just see who can perform out there. And maybe we find a couple guys in terms of the tryout guys.”Look, these guys have probably not been doing a whole lot of true football work, so we’ll ease them into things.’ Rookie Kayvon Thibodeaux said he got to know kicker Graham Gano before negotiations got underway for Gano’s No. 5 jersey. The price tag turned out to be Thibodeaux making a $50,000 donation to Gano’s charity of choice, Puppies Behind Bars, an organization that provides service dogs for wounded war veterans and first responders and also provides explosive-detection canines for law enforcement. “I mean, he’s a great guy,’’ Thibodeaux said. “That’s the biggest part of being a teammate, joining someone’s family, getting to know him. He was able to give me a lot of wisdom; we were able to make it work. “And, military was big for me, my grandfather was in the military. He’s a military kid, figuring a way to give back, do something positive. We figured it out.’’