A controversial clinical psychologist and YouTuber has some thoughts on model Yumi Nu’s Sports Illustrated Swimsuit cover. Dr. Jordan Peterson quote-tweeted The Post’s story on the plus-size model’s cover debut Monday, writing, “Sorry. Not beautiful. And no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that.” “’Authoritarian’? Chunky women on magazine covers? You sound like a parody of you,” one Twitter user — of many — challenged the best-selling author. “It’s a conscious progressive attempt to manipulate & retool the notion of beauty, reliant on the idiot philosophy that such preferences are learned & properly changed by those who know better,” Peterson responded, with two links to scientific studies on attractiveness. “But don’t let the facts stop you,” he finished. The Canadian best-selling author of “12 Rules For Life” is known to his nearly 5 million YouTube subscribers as a conservative intellectual who shared his views on cultural and political issues. The Post has reached out to Peterson’s attorney for comment. Social media commenters strongly reacted to his comments, with some telling the intellectual to read up on the history of beauty standards. “Standards of beauty change over time. Plus you posted two studies that don’t substantiate your point,” one user wrote. “He’s always been a parody of an ‘intellectual’ psychologist, dummies,” another said. “These authoritarians are forcing us to accept people as they are… What a hellscape,” another user commented. Still, some seemed to agree with at least some of Peterson’s criticism by honing in on Nu’s plus-size physique. “Lets be honest. She is beautiful. Heavy set.. but still beautiful,” another chimed in. “On the real bros… if she dropped the extra pounds, she’d be a 10,” one said. “She is beautiful, but I’d prefer being in a little bit better shape, especially being on a cover of a mag in a swimsuit. But no doubt beautiful & decent proportions,” another wrote. Twitch streamer HasanAbi responded with a less-than-flattering picture of Peterson alongside the psychologist’s caption. Users blasted him for the photo, however, saying it was taken at a low point in Peterson’s life. Nu, a curvy Asian model, told The Post that she thought she was walking into a weekly meeting with her agent when a camera crew surprised her with the cover. “I could not speak. I had full-body chills. I was shaking, I was crying. They really got me good,” said Nu. “It’s amazing. I’m on cloud nine. This is nothing I could prepare for. It’s unexpected,” she continued. “I feel like we’re in a place right now where people are making space for more diversity on magazine covers. It’s a big time for Asian American people in media. I know I play a big role in representation in body diversity and race diversity, and I love to be a role model and representative of the plus-size Asian community.”