As China’s population growth fell to a 61-year low, barely outnumbering deaths in 2021, parents are becoming desperate to find their children lifelong partners. But one dad in particular is taking it to a whole new level. According to the Chinese News Outlet, Jimu News, a father in Hebei Province showed up to a blind date matchmaker corner with more than 20 real estate deeds in hopes of luring a wife for his 24-year-old son. These matchmaking corners are public spaces — commonly found in major cities and small towns in China — where parents gather to find potential mates for their children. Video footage circulating on social media shows the father holding a pink tote bag with a stack of documents the father said consisted of several deeds of commercial properties. Since the video made its way on social media, it has garnered over 78 million views on the Twitter-equivalent platform Weibo. “The father is not trying to show off. He just wanted to display his sincerity and find a daughter-in-law of equal status,” Wang, a matchmaker who registered the father’s details for dates, told Jimu News. “He said his son has a stable job and has many good qualities.” However, the now-viral video raises questions about the methods parents can go to in order to find their children a spouse. “That kind of pressure is a bit too much. Maybe the son doesn’t even want to get married,” one person commented. And, perhaps, it can even breed some new competition. “This is the ceiling for marriage,” commented another person, of setting the bar high for eligible bachelors. The move comes also as millennials have increasingly shunned marriage, with China’s marriage rate declining to a 36-year low for the past eight years. In August 2021, China changed the law to allow married couples to legally have up to three kids following the population decrease. Chinese culture expects women to get married before they are 30. If women are not married after 27, they are referred to as “sheng nu” meaning “leftover women.”