Former Alabama jail boss Vicky White and escaped inmate Casey Cole White were stocked with cash, wigs and a small arsenal and planned to have a shootout with police when they were finally captured following an 11-day manhunt, cops revealed Tuesday. More details about the end of the pair’s dramatic escape emerged at a press conference, where cops displayed photos of stacks of cash and weapons including an AR-15 and handguns. The Whites, who’d been in a “jailhouse romance” for about two years before their escape but were not related or married, were finally nabbed late Monday after spending about a week hiding out in Evansville, Indiana — a small town along the Ohio River about 300 miles north of Lauderdale County, cops said. A few days earlier, Casey was captured on surveillance video at an Evansville car wash cleaning a Ford F-150, which was later abandoned at the business, before taking off in a Cadillac, Vanderburgh County Sheriff Dave Wedding said during a news briefing Tuesday. On Monday, a deputy out on patrol happened to spot the Cadillac in the parking lot of Motel 41, a dingy roadside accommodation that used to be a Motel 6, and immediately told investigators, who set up surveillance at the location, Wedding said. Soon after, Vicky and Casey were seen fleeing the location in the Cadillac and then led cops on a chase that ended after officers rammed their vehicle and pushed it into a ditch. Almost immediately after, Vicky fatally shot herself as Casey surrendered, Wedding said. “We later found out that had they not [rammed the vehicle], the fugitive was going to engage in a shootout with law enforcement,” Wedding told reporters. “That action may have saved many of my deputies and fellow law enforcement officers’ lives.” When cops took a look inside the vehicle, they found four semi-automatic handguns, an AR-15, tons of ammo and the holster belt Vicky used as the assistant director of corrections for Lauderdale County. They also found numerous wigs and about $29,000 in cash, Wedding said. Casey gave investigators a long interview in which he explained the two had stopped in Evansville to figure out their next move, but Wedding declined to provide more details on what they learned. They did say that Vicky had participated in the plan willingly. Earlier Tuesday, Casey had a brief court appearance in Evansville, where he waived his right to extradition. He’s expected to be transported back to Lauderdale County shortly for an arraignment before he’s immediately transferred back into the custody of the Alabama Department of Corrections. Both Wedding and Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton said the dates and times of Casey’s transfers won’t be released due to “security concerns.” On April 29, Vicky was on her last shift at the Lauderdale County jail after putting in her retirement papers the day before when she told co-workers Casey had a mental evaluation scheduled at the local courthouse. Investigators later determined there was no such appointment and the two had fled town. Their initial getaway car — a distinctive orange 2007 Ford Edge — was found abandoned in Tennessee a few hours after the couple’s escape, but investigators didn’t connect it to Vicky and Casey until Friday.