The radical pro-choice group that doxxed six Supreme Court justices who are expected to overturn Roe v. Wade claims they have been permanently banned from TikTok. Ruth Sent Us, which also called on extremists to storm Catholic church services, complained about the ban from a backup account Saturday. “Our account was mass-reported and ‘permanently banned’ last night,” the backup account, @RuthSentU, said, calling on followers to lobby the social media giant’s legal team to get the original account restored. It shared a screenshot of the warning, “Your account permanently banned due to multiple violations of our Community Guidelines.” While Ruth Sent Us did not specify the exact violation behind the ban, it has sparked outrage for its protests targeting the private homes of the justices as well as Catholic churches. The backup account’s ban announcement included video footage of some of those protests, with women marching outside the homes in outfits inspired by “The Handmaid’s Tale,” Margaret Atwood’s dystopian novel in which women are forced to give birth. It also again attacked some of the justices expected to overrule federal abortion rights — even calling Brett Kavanaugh “hyper religious” and a “deviant.” On Twitter, the group bragged about its “bold protest” that interrupted a church service going “viral on TikTok,” crowing how it had “Over 100,000 views, numerous activists inspired, and Catholics upset about our ‘disrespect’ at interrupting mass. GOOD.” It also further promoted ongoing protests at the justices’ homes, including outside the “traitorous and obscene self-enrichers Ginni and Clarence Thomas.” The group complained Monday that it was the victim of a “coordinated [right wing] campaign claiming it’s a crime to protest at judges’ homes.“ “That law criminalizes protesting at ANY building occupied by judges, including courts. If enforced, judges are above our first amendment rights,” the group tweeted. The group’s moniker was inspired by late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and how she “spent her entire life moving the needle towards justice for all,” also highlighting Black Lives Matter. “We intend to stop the corruption of our Supreme Court, and stop the spread of fascist laws,” the group said. “Instead of waiting for the extremist Court to strip our rights further, we must rise up now.” TikTok did not immediately respond to requests for comment.