“The View” co-host Whoopi Goldberg jumped to the defense of Kellyanne Conway on Tuesday’s show after the show’s crowd booed the former Trump administration official during her appearance in studio. The incident occurred as “The View” panelist Sonny Hostin pressed Conway – who was on the show to promote her memoir “Here’s The Deal” — to detail whether she agreed with former President Trump that the 2020 presidential election was “stolen.” In response, Conway said it was “pretty obvious that Joe Biden is the president.” She added that she “wrote extensively in this book” that she was “the closest person” to tell Trump he lost the race and that it “broke [her] heart” to deliver him the news. “He should have won huge. He had all these accomplishments, he’s running against a guy that’s stuck in the basement and you’re in the middle of a pandemic,” Conway added. Conway’s quip drew a strong reaction from “The View” audience, with many attendees erupting in boos. The negative response prompted Goldberg to interject on Conway’s behalf. “Let me do something before you say anything else,” Goldberg said. “Listen,” she added, addressing the crowd. “This is The View and this is her view and she’s talking about how she feels and what she knows. Please don’t boo her.” Some audience members applauded in response to Goldberg’s remarks. “I think they’re booing Biden staying in the basement,” Conway added. Conway, 55, served as Trump’s campaign manager during his successful bid for the White House in 2016 and later became a senior adviser during his four years in office. She left her role within the Trump administration in August 2020. In excerpts from her memoir reported by The Post, Conway detailed how her husband’s frequent use of Twitter to publicly bash Trump placed a strain on their marriage. Conway also described feeling “terror” when she learned that Taylor Lorenz, then a reporter for the New York Times, had compiled and published her 15-year-old daughter Claudia’s TikToks that were critical of Trump. Conway argued that Trump aides helped to convince him he had won the 2020 election. She also slammed Trump’s 2020 campaign team for failing to secure his re-election while squandering a fortune in funds.