Kim Kardashian just dropped $6.3 million for the home next door to her custom-built Hidden Hills mansion. And she wanted it so badly, she was willing to pay $800,000 over the asking price. By the looks of it, the 4,230 square-feet California home was purchased to expand her already massive footprint in the neighborhood. It also happens to sit directly in the middle of her current house and the house that Kanye West bought across the street back in December. Is it a place for her beau Pete Davidson to hang out while in town? What we know for sure is that it appears to be in need of some major renovations. Meanwhile, sources told The Post “Kim and Kanye continue to co-parent their four children and as such buying the property around the main home for their kids one day falls in line with that shared goal.” Made up of four-bedrooms and 3.5 baths, the interiors are a bit outdated, with green shaggy carpeting, velvet furniture and curtains, walls made of mirrors and plastered flooring. Chances are this home will be torn down and turned into something more extravagant and Kardashian-proof. But on the upside, the property is situated on over an acre of land, giving Kim, 41, four acres after buying out Kanye’s stake for $23 million in October amid their ongoing divorce. Built in 1975, the listing notes that this is the first time it has ever hit the market. It listed after the longtime owner of the home and beloved resident of Hidden Hills, Lilian Darling Holt, passed away at the age of 84 in November. “This estate is the perfect place to call home with a remodel or renovation to create a true masterpiece,” the previous listing admitted. The family room comes with a fireplace, a wet bar and sliding doors that overlook the sizable backyard. Downstairs is where the main en-suite bedroom is located and comes with a separate bonus room. Erica Fields at Compass held the listing. The move comes less than five months after Kanye, 44, purchased a new home directly across the street, also over asking price, for $4.5 million. At the time, sources told The Post, Kanye bought the home so that he has easier access to his four children. “It’s just simple logistics so that he is close to his children and has access to them at the drop of a hat,” the insider said. The Post has reached out to Kim’s rep for comment. The Dirt was the first to report the transaction.