Let’s get sassy! Welcome to Gemini Season, the time of year where we transition from the bloom of Spring into the heat of Summer. The fiery Sun will spin within the skies of Gemini from May 20 until June 21. Gemini is symbolized by the Twins and embodies communication. This Air sign encourages us to connect with others, learn about the world, and be curious about what still is yet to be found. Gemini is the third zodiac sign on the wheel, known as a Mutable sign. This helps us to be flexible to what life throws at us we crave new horizons during this time. Ruled by Mercury, the planet of intellect, Gemini craves excitement, spontaneity, social interaction, and constant change. Take a deep dive into global trends and predictions for what’s hot—and what’s not in Fashion, Music, Fitness, Hair, & Finance (Cryptocurrency & NFTs!) and Beauty for Taurus Season 2022! Do not miss it! Be sure to follow me, all my favs and everything in pop culture astrology to stay in the know! Follow celebrity stylist, Jana Rae. WHAT’S IN for Women’s & Men’s Fashion: Nothing embodies the social side of Gemini better than a fabulous party! The first Monday of every May is fashion’s biggest night of the year: The Met Gala!  The gossip, sociability and excitement of Gemini had the internet on fire chatting about some of the night’s most exciting, over-the-top and spontaneous looks for this year’s white tie theme: “Gilded Glamour.” Follow celebrity music producer, Craig J Snider. WHAT’S IN: Our Gemini Season pick is “The Heart Part 5” by Kendrick Lamar. He’s a brilliantly poetic master rapper, musician, producer and songwriter! He’s back with a vengeance. He grabs us with an introspective social commentary on his journey through his past, present and future. This piece is a blend of Latin Soul, Hiphop and 70’s funk. He writes about his personal truths, his conflicts, resolution, absolution, and everything in between. “Celebrate new life when it comes back around. The purpose is in the lessons we learning now. Sacrifice personal gain over everything just to see the next generation better than ours.” Amen, brother! Follow celebrity fitness trainer, Don Saladino.  WHAT’S IN: Here’s your Gemini season fitness tip: The Split Jump. This is a great movement to get your heart rate up while developing some elasticity. Enjoy! Special Discount Code for New York Post Readers: NYPost for 25% off all his programs here. Don has previously spoken with the New York Post in regards to being a superhero trainer for mega stars such as Hugh Jackman and Blake Lively. Follow celebrity hairstylist, Brandon Liberati. WHAT’S IN: Gemini season is all about expressing both sides of your personality and this hot hair trend will do just that! Color Blocking Bangs are just the fringe that will represent your alter ego. Geminis want to experience it all and coloring your bangs a different color from the rest of your hair allows you to do just that! It highlights any face and if you are bold enough to try this trend, why not go with any color you want, like yellow: Gemini’s favorite color! Follow celebrity hairstyle, Kristan Serafino. With Gemini Season bringing in your adventurous and charming side, what better way to explore a new direction and adventure than changing up your daily routine! Why reach for the same products in your bathroom cabinet? With so much Gemini curiosity and excitement, step up your game with a new skincare and hairstyling routine. Skincare: Sisley Purifying Re-Balancing Lotion with Tropical Resins Serafino Says Pro Tip:  Just like painting a wall without a primer paint does not adhere evenly, think of a toner as the primer to your skincare routine. Shaving: V76 Clean Shave Hydrating Gel Cream Serafino Says Pro Tip: After shaving, rinse with cool water to reduce inflammation. Beard: Proraso Beard Oil Serafino Says Pro Tip:  Beard oil helps to moisturize and protect skin beneath the beard. Haircare: THE BEST PASTE.™ Serafino Says Pro Tip:  Mix up the shine levels and hold of your hair paste to give your hair a unique style with the same haircut. Kristan Serafino has recently worked with Ryan Reynolds, Danny Devito, Sir Kenneth Branagh and Richard Gere! Follow entertainment & Hollywood make-up artist, Lizzy Polanco. WHAT’S IN: Stand out this Gemini Season by embracing this sign’s many corresponding birthstones such as Tigers Eye. Personify this stone and charming sign by using brown winged liner, subtle washes of yellow eye shadow, and finishing off this eye look with a pop of lower olive green liner for that spontaneity Gemini is known for. Follow cryptocurrency investor, Amanda Maxwell. WHAT’S IN: The world of crypto is a complex and tech heavy industry. Your inner Gemini should have you using your natural curiosity and intelligence to help you sort through the unsettling market right now.  Just like we all can find ourselves entrenched in chatty gossip… the crypto market can as well in the form of narratives. These narratives and stories show up in any asset class, and really set the stage for how people believe something will turn out. It’s very important to be able to clearly shift through what are exaggerations and what is the truth when investing. Just this month, Luna took a real dive due to it not being as stable as it intended, and took the whole market with it purely based off of a misunderstanding about stable coins. As a short or long term investor, it’s important to always remain calm and see through the excitement! Special Tip: This month, practice calming your mind when receiving fresh news or gossip. Within the crypto industry, it’s usually best to get your news from crypto specific outlets in order to avoid the confusion that can sometimes come from traditional media when involving tech. Some great sites to validate stories are Coindesk, The Block, Bitcoin Magazine and Decrypt. Disclaimer: I am not a Financial Advisor. This is not financial advice. Please do your own research before investing. Follow Apryl Joi Vibe Visionary. Well hello Gemini season! Gemini energy is filled with spontaneity, adventure and has no limits when it comes to spoiling the ones they love. However Mercury, its ruling planet, has just begun its retrograde phase which is begging you to slow down, reflect, look and love within. This Gemini season treat YOURSELF to a solo self-discovery trip to Bali, Indonesia. Geminis get a bad wrap for the duality of its twin energy, while Bali is known as both the Island of the Gods and the Demons. Coincidence?  I think not! With next to no crime and a high ex-pat population, you’ll be sure to feel safe and make plenty of friends from all over the globe. This makes Bali the perfect destination for the virgin/rookie solo-traveler.  Balinese are all about living in harmony with nature and the Gods.  (Isn’t harmony always the vibe?)  Splurge on the Business Class seat since dining and lodging are surprisingly affordable in Bali. You can generally look to spend between $75-$150/night at a luxury short-term-rental property that includes a chef with daily breakfast and a driver! From the coast to the jungle,  there’s something for everyone so feel free to hop around the island. There are endless picturesque beach sunsets, many world-class yoga studios, mind blowing  I-can’t-believe-it’s-not-meat plant-based restaurants, massive glistening waterfalls and lovely authentic Indonesian cooking classes.  Cleanse your mind, body and soul then return refreshed and ready to take on the next cosmic shift ahead! Whether you’re feeding the Gods or the demons, you’re sure to enJoi! Enjoy the spice of Gemini Season! You heard it here first. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in ”Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.