Two teen girls in Texas were arrested for allegedly ambushing a peer and filming it on Snapchat — and the young victim’s mom is now speaking out, saying her daughter is “very traumatized” over the attack. Police in Clifton, Tx., charged Ahliah Vestal and Savannah Walker, both 17, for the alleged attack on Maya Tremillo, also 17. Both girls were charged as adults for aggravated assault in the fight that was apparently over a boy. The victim was allegedly lured to a park on April 18 by Vestal, who claimed she needed to get back a borrowed pair of shoes, according to police and Tremillo’s mom, Julie Kross. When Tremillo arrived, she was immediately attacked, her mom said. “[Walker] jumped out of the car and the other girl that was filming her also jumped out of the car with her phone, and then [Walker] started yelling at Maya,” Kross told The Sun. When Tremillo turned away to go back to her car, Walker allegedly “hit her in the back of the head and just jumped on her and started beating her,” Kross said in the article published Saturday. Kross said her daughter was left with a concussion, cuts on her face and body, and a sprained ankle. Pictures showed the bloodied teen wearing a neck brace. Clifton Police Chief Chris Blanton told local media the attack had “something to do with a boy” and that the meeting was orchestrated “for the sole purpose of fighting.” A 16-year old girl whose name has not been released will also be charged, but there wasn’t enough room in the local juvenile jail for her to be detained, Blanton said. Blanton also told reporters that Walker allegedly did most of the attacking, even though all three will face charges. “Being there and filming it, antagonizing it and cheering it on, is not okay,” the town’s top cop said. “These other two didn’t throw a punch, but they helped plan it and helped set it up, filmed it and they encouraged it, so that’s the reason they’re getting charged the same.” Kross contacted the police before the April 18 attack and had even filed a police report after Walker allegedly threatened her daughter, but the cops didn’t take action, she claimed. “They were threatening to beat her up and said ‘you better watch your back, we’re gonna kick your ass,’ ” said Kross. “It scared her and it scared me. So we filed a police report.” While allegedly attacking her daughter, Walker said “go file a report on that now” and later posted it on Snapchat, Kross told the outlet. In Snapchat screenshots shown to The Sun, Walker allegedly wrote, “Talk your f—–g s–t now b—h!!!” and “Keep my cousins name and my name out your f—–g mouth b—h don’t play with me.” Kross said Tremillo is “obviously very traumatized, very depressed. “I’m really worried about her emotionally,” she added, saying her daughter will finish her senior year of high school from home while recovering. Tremillo is “constantly looking over her shoulder and jumps when a car drives by. Physically, she’s gonna heal, but I know the emotional things are gonna take longer,” the mom said.