A 29-year-old man was fatally shot in the head on a Brooklyn street early Tuesday – following a bloody Memorial Day weekend with 23 people shot across the city, authorities said. The victim was struck around 1:40 a.m. near the corner of Marcy and Lexington avenues in Bedford-Stuyvesant after a suspect in a red car pulled up and opened fire, police said. He was rushed to the Kings County Hospital Center, where he was pronounced dead. The motive for the slaying remained unclear later in the morning. The victim’s name has not been released, pending family notification. About an hour later, a 21-year-old man was blasted in the torso at the corner of Atlantic and Autumn avenues in Cypress Hills, authorities said. He was taken to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, where he is listed in critical condition. The circumstances of that shooting are also unknown. In the Bronx on Tuesday, a 21-year-old man is in stable condition after being shot twice in his left leg in front of 850 Longwood Ave. around 11:50 a.m. The unidentified shooter, described as wearing a black shirt with white lettering, a dark-blue shirt and dark sneakers, fled on foot. The Brooklyn violence came hours after a 72-year-old woman was struck by an apparent stray bullet inside her South Ozone Park, Queens home around 11:30 p.m. Memorial Day, cops and police sources said. In total on Monday, six people were shot across the city in as many incidents, authorities said. On Monday’s date last year – which was the Sunday before Memorial Day – four people were shot in as many incidents, cops said. Seven people were shot in five incidents on Sunday – compared to a single person shot on that day last year, authorities said. Four people were shot in as many incidents Saturday – a slight dip from 2021, when six people were shot on that date. On Friday, six people took bullets in five incidents — down from seven people shot in six incidents on that day last year. “It was the first hot weekend of the year,” Joseph Giacalone, a retired NYPD Detective Sergeant and adjunct professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, told The Post. “Now, we’re going into the dog days of summer, where historically we’ve seen violence rise.” “When you add on the diaphragm bill back in action, I am afraid of the consequences to come. And you’ve got the decision of qualified immunity on the horizon. So, we’re not in a good place, legislatively nor with violence.” “When you’re doing year-to-year comparisons, last year we had a terrible April, May and June for shootings,” he added. “The numbers were high, so we expected them to be lower [this year.]” A Manhattan cop with two decades at the job told The Post the summer could bring an onslaught of violence and pointed the finger at bail reform policies. “There’s a lot of guns out here, and there’s no consequences and the perps know it,” the cop said. “They read the papers. They realize their friends have guns and they’re back out on the street. They think, ‘I can get one, too.’ And the community gun is always the best gun because it’s local and they just share the gun and get bullets. What they’ll do is they’ll switch out with another local crew.” “Until they crack down on bail reform, this is going to continue,” added the NYPD veteran. “I think we’re going to have one of the hottest summers ever, and I think this place is going to be like Chicago.”