The Nets and Kyrie Irving have to have some real conversations this summer about how much they want him and just how much he wants to stay in Brooklyn. Rather, whether he’s all-in and willing to do what it takes to win in Brooklyn. After a campaign in which Irving played just 29 games — absences that contributed to the Nets’ shocking first-round playoff exit — he has a $36.5 million player option for this upcoming season. He could opt out to become a free agent, or look for a four-year, $185 million extension. So how committed are both sides to this marriage of athletic convenience? “That’s something we’ve been discussing and we will continue to debrief on and discuss throughout this offseason,” Nets general manager Sean Marks said Wednesday in his first comments since his team was swept out of the playoffs by the Celtics. “We haven’t had any of those discussions yet, so it’d be unfair for me to comment on how it looks with us and Kyrie, because to be quite frank he has some decisions to make on his own. He has to look at what he’s going to do with his player option. “We know what we’re looking for: We’ve looking for guys that want to come in here and be part of something bigger than themselves, play selfless, play team basketball and be available. That goes not only for Kyrie, but for everybody here.” But there’s the rub with Irving. He has missed 123 of 226 regular-season games the past three years, for various reasons: from shoulder surgery to a nine-game personal leave last season to refusing to take a COVID-19 vaccine this season. That decision caused him to miss 35 of 41 home games, costing himself roughly $14 million and costing the Nets wins. “Those are going to be discussions. It’s a team sport and you need everybody out there,” Marks said. “Kevin [Durant] missed 27 games with injuries and Kyrie being out for over half the season, that hurts. … That’s not what we planned for. “Some are avoidable, and other excuses are of individual nature and those are the ones that we have to try and avoid. We need people here that want to be here, that are selfless, that want to be part of something bigger than themselves. There’s an objective and there’s a goal at stake here. In order to do that, we’re going to need availability from everybody.” Marks implied any extension talks would include not just Irving’s ability, but his availability. “[Yes] 100 percent you have to factor all of that,” he said. “Certainly when you’re looking at players making 30 or 40 million … you have to factor in everything. That’s the hard part of the business. We can see what they can do on the court … [but] what makes them tick? What drives them? Do they want to be part of this? Are they motivated by something that maybe is not good for the whole team here? Those are questions we’re going to have to ask ourselves and also ask the players that we want to bring back in here.” While Irving could become a free agent, that seems unlikely. Frankly, so does a sign-and-trade. The Nets and Irving seem tied at the hip, although Marks hesitated to make any proclamations after saying last summer that Irving would sign an extension before camp. That didn’t happen, as talks were shelved due to Irving’s refusal to get vaccinated. Now, Marks only said Irving has decisions to make. And those calls could be not about where to play, but about protections baked into the contract. The Nets would be wise to insert likely bonuses and unlikely bonuses, the latter a threshold Irving didn’t reach this season and also not counting against the cap next season. Since he logged just 29 appearances, reaching 30 games might qualify. Irving himself admitted that lack of time on the court hurt his team, and Marks confirmed as much. “It’s obvious. Whenever you have a key part of your team that isn’t available and you’re trying to build chemistry, trying to build camaraderie … it’s very difficult,” Marks said. “I don’t want to make excuses on that because there were a variety of teams — teams that are still playing — they may not have had quite the extent of excuses we can come up with, but they had to navigate COVID as well, navigate injuries, and if I’m going to be brutally honest they navigated it better than we did.” Irving has decisions to make — not just about opting in, but about whether or not he all-in.