ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — With how far and high he clobbered the ball, Gleyber Torres had plenty of time to watch it fly. The Yankees second baseman took five steps up the first-base line as he got a good look at the ball, which traveled 438 feet, then calmly flipped his bat before starting a home run trot he has better reacquainted himself with this season. Torres’ latest blast was all the Yankees needed Friday night, thanks to Jameson Taillon’s gem, though Matt Carpenter added another solo shot two batters later in the fourth inning of a 2-0 win over the Rays at Tropicana Field. “I feel like I crushed the ball and just enjoyed the moment,” Torres said. The homer was Torres’ eighth of the year — and his third this week — in his 43rd game. His next long ball will tie his final tally from last season, when he hit nine in 127 games, after hitting only three in 42 games during the shortened 2020 campaign. Torres hit 62 home runs over his first two seasons in the big leagues. “First of all, I feel good,” said Torres, who had his right wrist and hand wrapped before and after the game, but indicated it wasn’t an issue. “I feel like I’m having a really good plan and discipline when I’m at the plate. Preparing before the game, that is huge for me. Just try to be good at the plate and do damage when I get the opportunity.” Manager Aaron Boone has been encouraged by Torres’ at-bats, not only because of the home runs, but also because of how consistently he is hitting the ball hard. “The home runs are going to come and go, and sometimes they happen in bunches,” Boone said. “I think what we’ve seen to this point is just a better quality of contact throughout the season. His lower half’s been better in getting himself into better and stronger positions more consistently. That’s allowing him to get off some really good swings.” As of Friday, Torres’ hard-hit percentage (a career-high 47.9) ranked in the 86th percentile across MLB. His average exit velocity (also a career-high 92.4 mph) was in the 93rd percentile. Torres also came through with his glove Friday, diving to his right to snare Mike Zunino’s line drive up the middle in the sixth inning. That kept Manuel Margot at second base and robbed the Rays of their best chance to score all night. “Off the bat, I didn’t think he was even going to be in the vicinity,” Boone said. “I think that got a fist pump from me, so that was a good play.”