A teacher and four students have been identified as five of the victims killed by a teenage gunman in the Texas elementary school shooting. Eva Mireles, a fourth-grade teacher, was killed along with 19 students in the mass shooting on Tuesday, according to the woman’s aunt. Mireles worked for the Uvalde school district for 17 years before she was shot and killed by 18-year-old suspect Salvador Ramos at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, the teacher’s aunt Lydia Martinez Delgado said. “(G)etting different stories from different news stations… and Governor so still waiting for all facts,” Martinez Delgado shared on Facebook. “One thing that’s certain is that my beautiful niece did not survive this coward’s actions.” A neighbor of Mireles told The Post the teacher “was just a sweetheart.” “It’s a tragedy that this happened to a person like this,” said the neighbor, who did not want to be identified. “She was the sweetest person and she would take her cute dogs out on walks and she would say, ‘Hi.’ “Her husband is a police officer and they are just very nice people. We are in shock something like this would happen. This is a quiet community.” Mireles, who was in her early 40s, was the mother of a daughter in college, according to her bio page on the school district’s website. She loved running and hiking and joked on the page that others may see her riding a bike as well. “My daughter’s beautiful teacher was the teacher who was killed in Uvalde, TX,” one parent wrote on Twitter. “She was a beautiful person & dedicated teacher. She believed in Gabby & went above & beyond to teach her as you can see below. There are no words.” One of the 19 children killed in the massacre was 10-year-old Xavier Lopez, a fourth-grader at the school, family members confirmed to KSAT. His mother was with him at the school just hours before for an awards ceremony, a cousin said. It was the last time she would see her son alive. A third victim, fourth-grader Uziyah Garcia was confirmed dead by his aunt. Garcia was a student in the class where the shooting took place, his aunt and primary guardian Nikki Jackson told The Post. Jackson was among 14 families waiting outside the Uvalde Civic Center Tuesday evening for updates on children unaccounted for. “I could see some of the policemen getting into the backdoor and I was close to the classrooms where the shooter was actually at,” Jackson said. “They took us to a different room. They started calling us one by one and we gave them Uziah’s description and his picture. That’s when they told us that he was one of the victims and he didn’t make it.” The boy’s uncle confirmed that he never made it out of the school in a Facebook post just before 9 p.m. Jackson said Garcia loved school, gaming and playing basketball with his friends. He especially enjoyed Fortnite and decorated his bedroom full of Fortnite-themed memorabilia, according to the Daily Beast. A fourth victim, Naveah Bravo, was named as one of the 19 students shot dead Tuesday by her cousin. Bravo’s cousin first put out a plea on Twitter asking if anyone had information about the little girl. “If anybody has any information about my cousin, Nevaeh Bravo. We cannot find her and are very worried,” she tweeted at 6:38 p.m. Alongside the callout, she posted a photo of Bravo smiling in a bright pink dress and wrote that she wore a grey t-shirt and blue jean shorts when she headed into school in the morning. Less than six hours later, the cousin tweeted that the family learned Bravo was killed in the shooting. “Unfortunately my beautiful Nevaeh was one of the many victims from todays [sic] tragedy. Thank you for the support and help,” she wrote just after midnight. “Rest in peace my sweet girl, you didn’t deserve this.” A second adult was believed to be killed in the shooting. That person has not been identified. The 18 children killed have also not been identified. The alleged gunman was shot dead by police, officials said.