McDonald’s is known for its crispy French fries and famous Egg McMuffins. For some reason, everything just tastes better at McDonald’s compared to other fast-food chains, even the coffee. A former McDonald’s employee named Michael Ryan revealed that there’s a reason why their food and beverages are so flavorful and addicting—it all comes down to science. Posting to his TikTok account @evilglitterqueen, Michael began: “McDonald’s, you think that they’re just fast-food and s***, but they have so much science behind everything.” His first example was the straws they use. “Your straw at McDonald’s is larger. Do you know why its larger? Because it lets more carbonation hit the tongue and lets the soda taste better. “That’s why 7/11’s little s***ty straws suck.” As for their grilled chicken, the reason it tastes so rich is because of what they put in it: “Your grilled chicken is injected with a saltwater mixture to keep it moist, but also flavorful.” Besides the width of the straws, there’s an added reason your soda tastes so good: “McDonald’s actually commissions Coke for their own recipe of syrup. That’s why their Coke has a little bit more sugar and a lot more flavor.” Their creamy and satisfying ice cream is no afterthought either: “Their ice cream machine is made from whole whipping cream, and it’s cleaned once a week.” And lastly, we can finally understand why those chicken McNuggets taste so much better than any others: “Tyson actually makes their chicken nuggets. They’re actually not that processed, they’re made by Tyson and they’re privately labeled.” Viewers were mind blown by the discoveries: “That saltwater mixture is actually brilliant. A brine for their chicken?,” one person wrote. “All I know is I have to have a Diet Coke from there every day because it’s the best,” added another. A third said he saw similar ingenuity while working at the chain: “Yo. I used to work there. even the mustard has science behind it. Every detail of your experience is manufactured.” This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.