Gleyber Torres combined two of his favorite hitting scenarios — on Mother’s Day and in the clutch — to deliver another game-winning swing on Sunday. Torres led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a walk-off home run to the opposite field off Rangers left-hander John King to lift the Yankees to a 2-1 win in the first game of a doubleheader at Yankee Stadium. The Yankees looked like they were headed for a sweep in Game 2 before Michael King proved to be human, giving way to a 4-2 Rangers win to split the twin bill. King, who has emerged as a dominant reliever through the first month of the season, relieved Jordan Montgomery in the seventh inning of a game the Yankees led 2-1. He inherited a man on second that eventually scored from third on a wild pitch to tie the game. King then gave up a two-run homer to Brad Miller that put the Rangers on top. Coming off a three-day layoff — one scheduled day off and back-to-back rainouts — the Yankees’ bats were quiet for most of Game 1, threatening to spoil another strong start from Gerrit Cole. But Torres came through for his seventh walk-off hit since 2018, the most in the major leagues during that span, to secure the Yankees’ 12th win in 13 games. “Part of it is he’s a really good player and a big hitter,” manager Aaron Boone said between games. “I think we’ve seen him time and again, whether it’s in playoff situations, the biggest situations it seems like he does ratchet up that concentration level a bit. Cold day out there, it was good to see him stick one that just happened quick. You’re thinking of all the possibilities there and he ends it real quick, which was nice.” It also marked the second straight Mother’s Day on which Torres has homered, after hitting a pair on the holiday in the minor leagues. Rangers manager Chris Woodward blamed the 369-foot home run on the short porch — “Just happened to hit it in a little league ballpark to right field,” Woodward told reporters — but it counted just the same. It also would have been a homer in 26 of the 30 MLB ballparks, according to Statcast. Over his last 13 games — before starting Game 2 of the doubleheader — Torres was batting .317 with a .936 OPS, three home runs and 11 RBIs. “Feel like he’s been in a pretty good spot here and obviously comes up in a lot of big situations for us and comes through in the clutch,” Boone said. “It’s great to see and love where his mindset is right now.” Cole, pitching on seven days’ rest, battled traffic early before going on cruise control to get through six scoreless innings on 105 pitches. Boone then allowed him to go back out for the seventh, after the Yankees had taken a 1-0 lead in the bottom of the sixth, but it quickly backfired. With one out and a full count to Kole Calhoun, Cole’s 114th and final pitch of the day was a 99 mph fastball down the middle. Calhoun crushed it for a solo home run that stayed just fair down the right-field line to tie the game 1-1. “Just bad damage on a bad — I just got beat,” said Cole, who was still frustrated by the pitch after the game. It snapped Cole’s 18 ²/₃-inning scoreless streak, but it was the only real blemish on a day when the Yankees ace struck out 10 over 6 ¹/₃ innings. The Yankees had a prime chance to take the lead back in the bottom of the seventh, putting runners on second and third with one out. But Aaron Hicks whiffed, falling to 2-for-18 with runners in scoring position this season, and Aaron Judge flew out to end the inning. Rangers right-hander Dane Dunning had held the Yankees scoreless and hitless until the sixth inning. Judge finally recorded their first hit with a leadoff infield single, followed by a single from Anthony Rizzo that put runners on the corners. Giancarlo Stanton came up next and skied a ball to left field for a sacrifice fly, scoring Judge to give the Yankees a 1-0 lead.