Bullets flew in the Big Apple between Saturday night and Sunday with at least eight shootings in the Bronx, Manhattan and Brooklyn that left two men dead — and a 17-year-old girl shot in the face, according to the NYPD. An 18-year-old man was shot twice in the head and killed around 11 p.m. Saturday on Avenue W and Batchelder Street in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn. He was rushed to Coney Island Hospital but didn’t survive, cops said. A few hours later, a 32-year-old man was shot in the torso around 3 a.m. Sunday at 23 New Lots Avenue also in Brooklyn, police said. He was taken to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center where he was pronounced dead. There were no immediate arrests in either shootings and the identities of the victims was pending family notification. Meanwhile, a 17-year-old girl was shot in the face at a Bronx party around 1 a.m., cops said. The girl was at 500 Trinity Avenue when a person fired into the crowd. The bullet went in through her right temple and came out her left nostril, cops said. She was taken to Lincoln Hospital in stable condition, cops said. There were no immediate arrests. “She’s lucky,” a police source said. “That could have been a lot worse.” The night’s gunfire started around 5 p.m. at 2829 Central Avenue in the Bronx when a 37-year-old man was shot during a robbery. The gunman took the victim’s jewelry and then shot him twice in the right leg, cops said. There was no immediate arrest. Other shootings in the Bronx included a 20-year-old who was shot in the right leg around 10 p.m. at East 188th Street and Marion Avenue and a 31-year-old who was shot in the left arm by an unknown shooter around 11:20 p.m. at East 194th Street and Marion Avenue, cops said. A 32-year-old man was shot in the left leg just before 11 p.m. at 1773 Vyse Avenue, also in the Bronx. He was expected to survive but was uncooperative, cops said. A man shot himself in the subway system in Harlem, cops said. The man was found with a gunshot wound on the No. 2 and 3 subway line at 116th Street and Lenox Avenue around 3 a.m., cops said. Police found a gun and determined that the man shot himself. He was in stable condition. While the weekend shootings piled up, the NYPD said there were more victims on the same dates in 2021. There were 11 shooting victims over the same two-day span last year, which was a Thursday and Friday, compared to 10 this weekend, according to cops. There have been 557 people shot so far this year compared to 579 in the same period in 2021, police said.