Two queens in their own right could soon be joining forces once again. Queen Latifah has revealed she wants country queen Dolly Parton to cameo on her CBS series “The Equalizer,” a decade after they starred together in the movie musical “Joyful Noise.” Latifah, 52, told Variety on Wednesday that Parton, 76, is a “super fan” of the show, which has just wrapped filming its second season. “Dolly literally wrote me a letter like, ‘You are a badass on that show!’” Latifah revealed. “I may have to call and ask if she wants to be on.” It’s certainly possible that the crooner could make a cameo on the primetime crime drama, given she just guest-appeared on another small-screen series. Parton thrilled fans when she showed up in the final episode of Netflix’s “Grace and Frankie,” revealed earlier this week — reuniting with her “9 to 5” co-stars Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin. Latifah has previously gushed about working with Parton, telling “Access Hollywood” in 2012: “She’s funny as hell. She is funny and quick-witted. She’s a little bit rambunctious. But ultimately, she’s an icon.” “[Dolly] works harder than anyone I know,” Latifah further cooed. “She is dedicated, she loves music and she loves her family and her friends. She treats everyone around her as family. That means a lot.” Meanwhile, CBS has not yet renewed “The Equalizer” for a third season, with Latifah saying she’s working hard to keep the show on the air. “[We’re] digesting what worked and what didn’t work, because we’ve got some serious fans who love the show,” the actress and rapper told Variety. “We want to make sure that we keep them and build on that audience.” Besides Parton, the “Living Single” star said her grandmother is the show’s biggest fan. “I’m still at work making sure she will be right in front of that television watching every Sunday,” she gushed. In it, Latifah plays single mom and ex-CIA operative Robyn McCall, who uses her skills to help those “with nowhere else to turn,” as the tagline goes. The series — which has received mixed reviews — also starred Chris Noth, until he was axed late last year following sexual assault allegations. His character was written out of the show in an episode that aired early last month. Latifah told People magazine in January that it was a “dicey, delicate situation that requires a great deal of respect.” “Chris’ character is obviously a big part of the show and it was amazing chemistry, amazing chemistry,” she stated. “My feeling is justice has to prevail regardless. I just want the right things to be done, you know?”