Former President Donald Trump crowed on Wednesday that he is “22-0” after all of his endorsed candidates swept their primary elections in Ohio and Indiana. Tuesday was “a really great night for Republicans,” Trump told Fox News. “I was 22 and 0​. I won every race​,” the 45th president boasted. His slate of Republican candidates, including “Hillbilly Elegy” author J.D. Vance, ran the table. ​”I think J​.​D​.​ showed tremendous strength,” Trump ​told the outlet. “It was a great victory for everyone, but I am most happy for the Republican Party because we have great candidates. I think all of them will be winning in the fall.​” Vance — who won in the night’s highest-profile race, defeating six other Ohio candidates vying for the Republican Senate nomination — credited the former president in his victory speech and took a shot at the fake news for doubting Trump’s ability to sway voters.​​ “I’ve got to say, a lot of the fake news media out there … they wanted to write a story that this campaign would be the death of Donald Trump’s America First agenda,” Vance told his cheering supporters. “Ladies and gentlemen, it’s not the death of the America First agenda,” he said to applause. Trump’s endorsement of Vance, 37, was widely credited with boosting his poll numbers that allowed him pull ahead of a crowded pack of Republican hopefuls. Vance defeated his closest challenger by 7 percentage points. He’ll take on Democratic Rep. Tim Ryan. Judging from Tuesday’s string of victories, the former president said he likes the chances of GOP candidates in the 2022 midterms coming up in November.​ “I think we’re going to have a tremendous season, I think we’re going to win a lot of races with great candidates who are going to go on to big numbers in the fall​,” Trump said. Next up are primaries in Pennsylvania on May 17 and Georgia on May 24. Trump endorsed Dr. Mehmet Oz, the former TV star, in his race against David McCormick, a former hedge fund CEO, in Pennsylvania’s GOP primary for US Senate. “The Oz race is going to be interesting. I think Oz is going to do very well. Oz is going to do very well,” Trump ​told Fox News. “Georgia is going to be interesting. I have a lot of candidates in Georgia.” T​rump is backing former Republican Sen. David Perdue ​in his challenge to defeat incumbent Gov. Brian Kemp in the Peach State. ​