Aside from the glimmering wedding bells and frosting-topped cake, there’s one thing we love about weddings: Revolve’s Wedding Shop. Even if you’re not yet engaged, the retailer’s collection has some of the finest pieces, from bridesmaid dresses and accessories to pieces hand-selected for beach weddings and garden weddings alike, there’s no other destination like it. Moreover, designer-leaning selections for the bride are just as showstopping. From full-blown bridal gowns to bridal accessories — including veils, rhinestone hairpieces and even glam makeup to perfect your dreamy day — you won’t be at the altar (or, seated in front of it) looking less than picture-perfect. Ahead, shop our 20 favorite pieces from the Revolve Wedding Shop we recommend claiming yours just as you’re getting all your save-the-dates in order. And yes, we’re ready to say “I do” to just about all of them. As the poster dress for “business in the front, party in the back, Nookie knows where it’s at with the Adore 2Wawy Dress. Picture-perfect for an engagement party, bridal shower or rehearsal dinner, you’ll turn heads in this number. Every bride looks forward to picking out a veil, and Offrenda Studio’s Spirit Veil is simply too precious to pass up. From its near cathedral length to a hint of rhinestones throughout, we imagine this paired with any wedding dress of your choice. As a bride, you can’t get enough of white — so that’s why we think the gold ankle detailing characteristic of Alias Mae’s Ankle Strap Heel is too good to beat. From its on-trend strap to its universally matching design, this pair will take you far past the big day. For a wedding guest dress for less than $100, pick up More to Come’s Petra Ruched Mini Dress. This punchy pink color has gorgeous balloon sleeves, a flattering waist and delicate hem details, making it one you’ll gravitate toward instantly. Poised and positioned to perfection, the flower rhinestones coupled with the pearl drop accent are just what we’re looking for (whether you’re a bride or a wedding guest). For less than $50, they’re one of our favorite statement jewelry pieces. Yes, we take fashion everywhere — even beneath the dreamy white dress. This lace bra, with a matching thong, is the perfect undergarment set to have you feeling sexy and confident throughout your wedding day (and after). Make a bridal statement with SHASHI’s La Perla Barette, the modern twist to a no-veil look. Not only do we love the glam accent for brides, but we think it’d be a great addition to your bridesmaid dress, too. Though a splurge, we couldn’t resist adding Hemant and Nandita’s Short Dress to our favorite Revolve selections. It’s perfectly girly, has the perfect amount of floral, lace and frill and will absolutely garner several compliments. As one of our favorite eyeshadow palettes, Charlotte Tilbury’s Exagger-Eyes is a quad worth investing in. If you live for the neutrals, you’ll love the mauve, browns and pinks characteristic of this essential compact. Truthfully, we live for any excuse to parade around with a rhinestone bag (and, being a bride or attending a wedding event is surely one). Cult Gaia’s Hera Mini Shoulder Bag is photogenic for any occasion, especially for its knotted straps and on-trend miniature size. Bridesmaid dresses, anyone? Katie May’s collaboration with Revolve on its Bambina Dress is a style that’ll flatter any skin tone and body shape. Specifically, we love the sky blue color that’s ideal for the spring and summertime months, along with its flattering spaghetti-strap bodice. As one of Revolve’s best-sellers, Elliatt’s Reception Dress is, as its name suggests, flawless to model in as the guest of honor. Whether it’s for your engagement party or bridal shower, we have much to thank Elliatt’s designers for. Add a little sparkle to your full-glam hairstyle with SHASHI’s Victoria Hairclips. We even love them for after-wedding use, too, examples being a fancy date night or family reunion. Plus, render any outfit super dainty. Let’s cut right to the chase — we tested Anastasia Beverly Hills’ products (nearly every single one, to be exact), and its Magic Touch Concealer deserves far much more hype. As a bride or wedding guest, you won’t have any blemish or problem area unconcealed with this star formula. Perfect for a garden or backyard wedding, ASTR the Label’s Eastwick Dress is still in that designer category without being more than $150. For a dress you can wear over and over again, the floral detailing and frilly nature make it one of our favorites. How adorable are Larroude’s Mariah Heel? If purchased now, they’ll take you from your engagement party and bridal shower to rehearsal dinner and even wedding, so $285 is one of the best drops you’ll make for these bow-tie, open-toe heels. When running from event to event, you’ll likely want to touch up your makeup. So, lilah b.’s Divine Duo Lip & Cheek is the perfect shimmery swipe to add to the apples of your cheeks and the middle of your bottom lip for that glossy, natural look. Is it just us, or does Susana Monaco’s Strapless Tube Mini Dress just scream “bachelorette?” Ideal to take to a Nashville rooftop or dinner with the girls, the designer’s simplistic, minimally minded dress is a wardrobe staple. If you’re looking for the perfect gift to shower the bride-to-be in your life, Olga Berg’s Mrs. Glitter Acrylic Pod Purse is a chic option. Whether worn as a designer clutch or a chain shoulder bag, its versatile design and on-trend stone exterior make this one of the cutest accessories we’ve seen. Everyone can use a pair of dangly earrings that lean more toward fine jewelry than anything else. As is the case with Luv AJ’s The Sylvie Stone Drop Earring, the petite rhinestones are finished with a teardrop endpiece, giving a pop of gold to match other accessories, too. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.