Newly freed Trevor Reed emotionally accused President Biden’s administration of unfairly leaving another Marine veteran behind in a Moscow prison rather than getting him out in the same prisoner swap. “I thought when I found out that it was an exchange that was happening that they had probably exchanged Paul Whelan as well,” Reed, 30, told “Good Morning America” of the fellow veteran who has been held for more than three years in Moscow on trumped-up espionage charges. “I thought that — that that was wrong. That they got me out and not Paul,” he said, twice saying “sorry” as he paused to control his emotions in the interview that aired Monday. “The United States got me out but they left him there. I can’t describe to you how painful that feeling is,” he continued. Reed, who was freed late last month in exchange for a notorious Russian drug trafficker, vowed to now “do everything I could to get him out of there.” Whelan, 52 — who is serving a 16-year sentence — had shared a similar message to his family when learning that Reed was being freed in a prisoner swap. “Why was I left behind?” he asked. “Why hasn’t more been done to secure my release?” Reed insisted that he should be swapped for Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout, whom the Kremlin has floated as a possible exchange for Whelan or Brittney Griner, the US women’s basketball player held in Moscow since February, according to the program. “Absolutely. Viktor Bout has already been in prison for 15 years,” he said. “I don’t care if it’s 100 Viktor Bouts. They have to get our guys out,” he said. Reed still finds it hard to believe he is back in the US and not in the Russian cell that he previously told CNN was covered in feces and the blood of other inmates who had been attacked and even killed. “I remember thinking like is this real, you know you’re thinking maybe this is not happening. Maybe I’m still gonna wake up right now in solitary confinement,” he said of his freedom. His mother, Paula Reed, recalled to “GMA” the moment she finally saw him again. “I said, ‘I love you — so glad you’re home.’ Gave him a kiss and a hug — a long, long hug,” she said. His dad, Joey, joked about how they may be overwhelming him with attention, joking that their son may soon say, “Oh my God — put my back in prison!” Reed had been behind bars since 2019, serving a nine-year sentence on charges he assaulted two cops in Moscow, who were driving him to a police station after a party where he reportedly got blackout drunk. He claimed that one of the arresting officers had signaled to him that they were made to press trumped-up charges by unspecified authorities. The US ambassador to Moscow, John Sullivan, at the time called it “ridiculous” that Reed was imprisoned “for an alleged crime that so obviously did not occur.” “This was theater of the absurd,” he said of Reed’s trial. US officials also denounced Whelan’s trial as unfair. In his recent statement to his family, the Marine veteran said that he has “been held on a fictitious charge of espionage for 40 months” and that “the world knows this charge was fabricated.”