Remember: After you “whoop that trick,” be sure to tell her you love her. But first help her back to her feet. How can any intelligent, well-comported sports fan not have reevaluated themself from skeptical to cynical? How will it be possible to return fans and customers to a place they’ve never been? Last week in this space, I wrote that as a legit representative of the NBA Grizzlies’ fan base, ESPN proudly featured a live chat with Memphis-based rapper Juicy J. He didn’t seem like a knowledgeable fan, thus it was difficult to not conclude his invite was based on his hate-filled, boast-filled self-love and violent challenges, vulgar lyrics, including the N-word referencing of black men and the unprintably profane sexual degradation of young women. In other words, the usual garbage. Juicy J was just the latest ESPN-blessed celebration of a rapper who promotes and sustains the most corrosive, criminal stereotypes of urban black America. Another rapper, who has found favor on ESPN is the aptly named Young Thug, is not much different from Juicy J, as per the genre. Read for yourself. I suggest “Get the F–k Out of My Face” as your first stop. Last week, ESPN-favored, Atlanta-based Mr. Thug was arrested, again, this time charged with a pile of felonies from possession of a small arsenal of assault weapons, to drug distribution, to committing armed offenses and participating in gang-sponsored street crimes. Back to Memphis, where the Grizzlies’ public address system and on-court cheerleaders, male and female, now lead a pep chant, “Whoop That Trick!” taken from a rap “song” mouthed by a fellow who delightfully calls himself Al Kapone. “Whoop that trick,” according to the Urban Dictionary, is street slang for: “What you do when your girlfriend gets out of line. Basically giving her a pimp slap when she acts up.” Charming. One’s girlfriend is no better than “a trick” in need of a pimp slap. So another sorrowful, backward stereotype that should be eradicated is celebrated. At a pro basketball game! Why? And why would black America choose to quietly indulge this anywhere? Why do the Al Sharptons continue to ignore it all, including the regular shootings and stabbings of rappers by rivals? This past week, Warriors stars Steph Curry and Draymond Green, along with home fans Friday, joined in “Whoop That Trick.” They were heard and seen to love it. So where are the NBA’s and the Players Association’s commitments to social and racial activism in pursuit of positive change? With the NBA last season financially, politically and conspicuously suckered by the sounds-good (dis)organizational Black Lives Matter con, what has commissioner Adam Silver done with this one? Thus far, nothing. He should be demanding — ordering — its elimination from NBA games, in arenas and on national TV. And if fools complain, Silver should be proud! Or do Silver, the NBA and the NBPA advocate domestic violence? And this past week, The Post’s Josh Kosman and Brian Lewis reported that NBA ticket prices were up while attendance is down. Thursday, another NFL arrest. Broncos wide receiver Jerry Jeudy, 2020 first-round pick from Alabama, was charged with tampering with evidence, under the Colorado legal heading “domestic violence enhancer,” his alleged victim the mother of his infant child — though the mother has requested the charges be dismissed. All of our sports are being overwhelmed by acts of incivility, be it between players or players versus nearby “fans,” be it at Yankee Stadium or American Airlines Center in Dallas. It now seems a weekly occurrence that pro tennis players throw a vulgar fit aimed at the crowd or a courtside official. Last week at the Italian Open, it was Canada’s Denis Shapovalov, who is ranked 16th in the world. Rangers fans who populate The Garden then chant “a–hole!” at game officials or visiting players are fueled by an uncivil mob participation mentality. Or would they dare be alone among thousands in hollering crude chants? You no longer cheer for your team, you mock and curse the visiting team. It’s tantamount to taking a group loyalty oath, not that they’d chant “a–hole!” at the family dinner table or while watching the game alone on TV. Or would they? Why has bad grown worse? Are those in leadership positions — starting with commissioners — afraid to lead? Do they avoid the risk of condemnation from imbeciles? Or are they good with what’s going down — way down — on their watch? The NFL schedule reveal Thursday confirmed what could be expected: a totally unintended return on Roger Goodell’s bogus claim that Jets and Giants PSL purchases “are good investments.” Despite the teams’ home in the country’s largest TV market, both are scheduled to play mostly 1 p.m. Sunday home games — the once most fan-convenient, weather-appropriate, logical time to start all NFL games. Jets and Giants patrons this season have been “blessed” with this “gift” for only one reason: Their teams are projected to be no better than mediocre, thus the NFL’s TV networks, which buy their scheduling and start-time “flexing” authority from the NFL, want no part of either for their better-rated late Sunday afternoon and prime-time telecasts. Thus eight of nine Giants’ home games have been slotted for 1 p.m. starts, while seven of eight Jets’ home games are scheduled for 1 p.m. Or as Alice Kramden said when Ralph told her that if he was elected Grand High Exalted Mystic Ruler of the Raccoon Lodge, they’d both be entitled to free burial at the Raccoon Cemetery in Bismarck, N.D., she replied, “I’m so excited I don’t know whether to live or die.” The Quote of the Week was spoken by Greg Norman in acknowledging that the latest new golf tour he’s fronting is run by Saudi government money, a government accused of sanctioning politically expedient murder: “We have all made mistakes.” Murder? Let’s see, have I ever committed murder? Trying to think. Hmm. No, can’t say I’ve ever murdered anyone, at least not since breakfast. You? Norman’s “We have all made mistakes” reads no different than Giants wide receiver Kadarius Toney’s tweet, “We young. Everybody make mistakes …” — in defense of Raiders wide receiver Henry Ruggs III after he was charged with DUI vehicular homicide, crashing into his victim’s car at a police-reported 156 mph. It’s all a con. A TV ad last week for NYRA Bets told horse players, “We specialize in … boosting your bankroll.” If that were the case — if the opposite weren’t true — there would be no NYRA Bets. Given that the NFL, MLB, NBA and NHL ostensibly collect millions of dollars annually in fine payments, wouldn’t it be nice to know exactly how much, where does the money go and who, if anyone, pays the taxes on the dough? Or, if it goes to charity, who gets the write-offs? I don’t know what goes on inside, but I was sorry to see the Islanders sack Barry Trotz. I liked his stoical style. Can’t help but wonder if the Islanders’ arena completion delay — their first 13 games were played on the road — and COVID-afflicted roster made for a bridge too far. In commercials now starring Pete Alonso, the Mets slugger is identified as “Pete Alonso, Real CarShield Customer.” That means the original warranty has expired on the old car or cars he drives. Sure, why not?