 Growing up is not easy. Sure, we can all find moments of joy and excitement when we make big steps like landing a new job, buying a new home, and having babies for the first time. While acknowledging and appreciating the beauty in all of these milestone events, it’s also true that they can bring major chaos. Working long office hours, staying up late with a crying newborn, and doing it all while keeping up with mortgage payments is not easy. It’s also tough that when all of this is going on, it’s likely the time that you should start considering life insurance policies. If you’re one of the near quarter of American adults who isn’t covered, it might be because you have heard that securing term life insurance can be painstaking. Luckily, that reputation doesn’t apply to modern insurance provider Fabric — a lifesaver for modern adults.  Making securing life insurance faster than it’s historically been known to take, Fabric is bringing the modern speed of great tech to the world of term life insurance. Its intuitive and beautiful platform is easy to navigate. It enables new visitors to get a quote fast with its 60-second quiz and get a policy in as little as ten minutes when qualified. If you’re not immediately qualified, not to worry; Fabric’s team will work with you step by step to help you secure coverage as fast as possible. Fabric offers policies issued by Vantis Life Insurance Company, a Penn Mutual company. Penn Mutual is the second-oldest mutual life insurance company in America, and wholly owns Vantis life, which is currently rated “A+” (“Superior”) for financial strength by A.M. Best of all, you can secure plans ranging from $100,000 to $5,000,000 with rates as low as $13.71/month and term lengths of 10 to 30 years with Fabric. To get started, take a quick quiz to determine if term life insurance makes sense for your specific needs and then just fill out Fabric’s easy application. If you’re approved for coverage, you can tailor your policy to the term length and coverage amount you want before finalizing your policy. Known among users to offer high-quality coverage on top of its easy sign-up process, Fabric has earned steadily great reviews from writers at The Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and Motherly while carrying an excellent 4.8/5 stars on TrustPilot from over 1,800 reviews. Take Fabric’s 60-second quiz and take care of your future today. This article is designed to provide general information on the subjects covered. By providing your information, you may be contacted regarding the sale of insurance products. (for use with CTAs asking for contact information). Term Life Insurance policies (Form ICC16-VLT, ICC19-VLT2, and CMP 0501 with state variations where applicable) are issued by Vantis Life Insurance Company (Vantis Life), Windsor, CT. Coverage may not be available in all states. Issuance of coverage for Term Life Insurance is subject to underwriting review and approval. Pricing may vary by state.