If President Biden and members of his administration were working for a major corporation, they would’ve been fired by now (“Biden’s baby bungle,” May 14). They have bungled every major crisis since he took office on Jan. 20, 2021. Now there’s a crisis with baby formula, mainly because of the administration’s incompetence in realizing that there would be shortages in stores after the Abbott Labs plant in Michigan was closed in February. Members of the administration have awoken and are trying to ramp up supplies, which are estimated to reach the shelves in the near future. If I were their boss, I would fire them. Richard A. Ketay Newark, NJ We’ve seen the Biden administration’s failure in supplying COVID tests in the fall of 2021 and now in addressing the baby-formula shortage. I’ve said this a million times: If he had been president in January 2020 we still — to this day — would not have a vaccine for COVID. Bruce Collins Toms River, NJ The baby formula short­age is just another tragic example of how extraordinarily incompetent Biden and the Democrats are, and how they’ve been impaired by a progressive ideology that prevents them from actually paying attention to the things that matter to people. When Washington can’t manage a nonpartisan issue and ensure that moms are able to feed their babies, there is something wrong, and any amount of finger-pointing and saying “no one could have known” is just plain bull. Biden and the Democrats promised to be the anti-Trumps — the people who best knew how to run our government. It’s been one self-inflicted bad policy crisis after another, and it does not appear things will improve any time soon. Let’s hope that they can at least figure out how to get formula to those babies. Michael D’Auria Bronxville We continue to hear of worldwide shortages of food, heating oil, natural gas and consumer goods. The last straw was a shortage of baby formula for our little ones. Whatever happened to Americans stepping up to the plate and being responsible for our citizens’ needs? We’ve done that in the past during wars, recessions and national emergencies. American manufacturers must start producing again as they did in World War II. Baby formula could be made on an assembly line of dozens of our food manufacturers. We can’t let the Biden administration blame the war in Ukraine for all that’s befalling Americans. There’s been other wars on foreign soil in the past where we gathered our strengths and produced the goods our citizens require. Marty Orenstein New Hyde Park When discussing the latest Ukraine aid package on the floor of the House, Speaker Nancy Pelosi quoted Jesus from Matthew 25 by stating, “When I was hungry, you fed me.” While I don’t pretend to be a theologian like the speaker, my guess is that Jesus would also want the hungry American babies to be fed. This is beyond disgraceful. If we can send over $40 billion to Ukraine, in part to feed Ukrainian babies, we should be able to figure out how to feed our own babies. All the American moms and dads now frantically searching for baby formula must remember this in November. Kenneth Fitzgerald Hicksville This is simply another disaster by the Biden administration, which stood by and did nothing when all the warnings were clear to see. The closing of the Abbott Labs plant was ignored by Biden. Because of his ignorance, the shortage is here to stay. People are tired of this administration’s disasters. The Democrats have shown their contempt for the American people. So who in government is going to fix this disaster? Crickets. Vincent Conti Staten Island Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.