We have much to thank Abercrombie for, from its A&F logo tees we rocked in the 2000s to its timeless TikTok-trending style. As we approach summer 2022, we can’t help but throw heart-eye emojis on all of the brand’s sweet-cut dresses, from polka-dot maxis to ruffled and tiered minis. At New York Post Shopping, we love buying cocktail dresses and white dresses, along with springtime floral dresses and cut-out dresses at Abercrombie. Not to mention, the brand is one of our hotspots for women’s jeans — especially the Curve Love jeans we reviewed and loved. Ahead, find the 10 best Abercrombie dresses perfect to transition you into summer style. Whether you’re headed to a wedding (clad in the best comfortable heels, we hope) or to a weekend picnic, we know you’ll find solace in one (or more!) of these reliable dresses. Much like your favorite romper or jumpsuit, Abercrombie’s Scrunchie Strap Deep-V Skort is yours for the taking if you’re into comfortable one-pieces. Available in many colors, we love its stretchy material and flattering bodice. We adore white dresses, and this Ruffle Tiered Mini Dress is a precious option for a weekend brunch or vacation dinner. Plus, it’s less than $100 which, for a dress this intricately detailed, is a steal. Hello, maxi! We love the spaghetti-strap detailing on this dress, along with the light mustard color and floral pattern. All around, it’s a great dress for the warmer temps and a fine splurge to ring in summer. Hunting for a luxe-looking cocktail dress? There’s no other option like Abercrombie’s Halter Keyhole Knit Midi Dress, featured in this soft chocolate color with a lovely top design. For outdoor dining or your next wedding, it’s a true classic. For a sexier dress with a high slit, Abercrombie’s Asymmetrical One-Shoulder Maxi Dress is one of the dreamiest options we found. From its diagonally designed bust to its simplistic, straight-hemmed cut, it’s show-stopping for a date night or night-out event. As one of our favorite cut-out dresses, Abercrombie’s Boatneck Side Cut-Out Midi Dress is one of the most versatile styles on this list. From its powder blue color to its cami-lookalike top, it’s one of the best to dress up or down — whether you’re on a dinner cruise or an outdoor party. Keep things simple with Abercrombie’s Halter Linen-Blend Mini Dress. In this peachy tangerine color, we love the durable-banded fabric that’s lightweight, aside from being minimalistic and flattering. Oh, how we love the florals! Snag Abercrombie’s Off-the-Shoulder Corset Mini Dress before it sells out ASAP. From its accented top and slimming middle to that gorgeous floral pattern that’s great all year round, we can’t believe it’s less than $75. For a light, breathable dress to sport this summer, you can’t go wrong with Abercrombie’s Ruched Midi Dress. Its scallop-like top, spaghetti straps and slit make it a precious option to parade in, whether you’re off to a formal event or an upscale date night. Of course, we can’t forget about the tie straps. This summertime-ready baby pink dress is all we can ask for: button-down detailing, a flowy slit and lightweight, flattering fabric. Plus, it’s less than $100. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.