Ex-Mr. Universe Calum von Moger revealed in a series of online posts before he jumped out a window that his life had gone “off the rails” — amid two arrests and the death of his “best friend’’ dog and a pet lizard. The drama of the 31-year-old bodybuilder’s recent years — which also included a house nearly burning down and an alleged road-rage incident — emerged amid encouraging reports that he would pull through his May 6 apparent suicide attempt. Steve Greenberg, a rep for Moger’s management company, told news.com.au Thursday that the bodybuilder was in stable condition after surgery on his spine. Moger — who played Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 2018 film “Bigger” and was widely dubbed “Arnie 2.0” — had been arrested twice this year before his near-fatal leap, which came just days after a court date for the alleged road-rage incident. Moger was busted for allegedly chasing down a driver and threatening him with a machete in a road-rage fight in Melbourne, according to Generation Iron, a company connected to the muscleman, who has 3.3 million Instagram followers. He was also separately arrested for possession of drugs — including cannabis, testosterone, methamphetamine and Viaplex, which is used to treat erectile dysfunction, according to The Age. Just weeks before his terrifying second-floor window leap, Moger appeared in Melbourne Magistrates Court by video link on the drug charges, as he had for the earlier alleged road-rage incident. He was not required to enter a plea, as his case was adjourned until May 26. Moger had previously hinted at the legal troubles on his popular social media channels — including one workout video he captioned, “Life behind bars lolz.” He set a more somber tone March 30 — two days after his court appearance — in which he addressed “hard times. “I admit, I messed up bad many times,” he wrote in the Instagram posting — amid rumors that he’d also been kicked out by his family. “But I don’t care about dwelling on negative thoughts of the past. All I care about is that I learn from my mistakes and become a better person. I’m trying my hardest to stay strong but I have my days too,” he wrote. “All I can ask is for your forgiveness so I can keep moving forward on the right path again.” But other online postings also continued to focus on what he called “the worst thing that ever happened” to him — the death of his bull terrier, Rex, who choked on a chip while they were staying in Texas. “I’ve never felt so crushed, defeated, everything,” Moger admitted in a YouTube video announcing the tragedy, which came days after he also lost a pet lizard, Baz. Calling it “the worst nightmare of my life,” he said Rex’s death “completely destroyed” him and sent him “off the rails,” admitting he “lost” himself in the pain. “I don’t eat. I don’t sleep. I don’t train,” he said in an Instagram post at the time, claiming the double deaths of his pets had “completely destroyed me.” He admitted to randomly breaking down in tears in public at the memory of losing “the best companion. My best friend. “I know Rex would want me to press on and not let this bring me down any more than it has. … I will do my best to overcome,” he wrote, saying the loss made him more aware of the loneliness he’d felt in isolation during the pandemic. One of his last posts was a photo marking the anniversary of Rex’s death, writing, “Not a day goes by I don’t think of him.” Even before that, Moger had regularly detailed crushing setbacks in his life, including a series of serious injuries that almost derailed his career. They included a rock-climbing accident captured in the Netflix special about him, “Unbroken.” The documentary also showed him talking about almost losing his California home to a wildfire, saying he was only worried about the safety of his lizard and dog. “That was a pretty big scare,” he said. Moger also found himself facing a flurry of criticism from other lifters when he openly admitted taking steroids to get his Arnie-like physique. Calling the “underground topic” one he “never thought I’d talk about,” he told all two years ago in a YouTube video, saying he felt he needed the illicit drugs to realize his dream of winning Mr. Universe, which he ultimately won three times. He also took aim at fitness influencers who “say they don’t take steroids, and they say they’re natural — but probably they really are taking something.” One of his recent shocks, finding out he fathered a son, Kyros, has seemed at least to bring some happiness, with the bodybuilder recently sharing proud-dad photos of the boy he called “first in line to the throne. “I look forward to watching you grow up. You are going to do big and wonderful things ,” Moger wrote.