New customers don’t need a DRF Bets promo code to claim their great customer offer in May 2022. Find out how to claim a $250 deposit match and a $10 free bet. Already have an account with DRF? Check out more of the best horse racing betting sites. First things first, anyone who registers for an account with the online racebook receives a $10 free bet. In addition, DRF Bets offers a 100% first deposit bonus worth $250. New users who register and deposit exactly $250 receive an extra $250 in bonus cash. To claim the bonus, you’ll need to deposit the $250 within 14 days of registering. Then you’ll have 14 days to wager your bonus funds. DRF Bets will revoke any of the bonus you haven’t used by that time. DRF Bets customers can earn free past performances by wagering on horse races. For every $50 in wagers bettors place, they receive one free PP credit to redeem for Formulator, DRF Bets Classic, DRPs, Harness Eye, and Daily Harness programs. Each credit is worth one card, which players can claim for free by logging in, visiting the handicapping store, and selecting the PP they want. After a significant overhaul, the new DRF Bets cashback rewards program offers customers DRF Bets store credit and up to 5% cashback on wagering activity. Bettors unlock weekly cash back by wagering $500 or more in a single week. The rewards increase significantly from there: DRF Bets are a strong choice for placing your horse racing bets. The DRF brand has a long history of horse racing, meaning they know their way around the online racetrack. Firstly, the relationship the company has with tracks worldwide is something special because it enhances the experience. Not only can you legally bet there in the United States, but you can also organize to collect your winnings from a nearby venue. There’s a fantastic welcome offer, more generous than some of their competitors. And if that’s not enough, the loyalty scheme is comprehensive. The design may be a tad basic for some people’s liking, and payments don’t include many new alternative methods. Still, this operator is a thorough and professional member of the industry, one you can rely on to take care of you every step of the way. As DRF Bets is a horse racing only book, the wagers available are the same as the pools you would find at a race track. The following bet types are all available to place at DRF. The exacta, trifecta, and superfecta all feature additional options such as box, key or wheel. The box option offers these combinations in any order, while key or wheel options see you give a focus to specific selections within these bets. Most bettors will find the DRF Bets desktop site reasonably intuitive. However, DRF Bets throws a lot of information at customers on the main home screen, and it takes a little while to figure out how to customize everything to one’s liking. The best thing new users can do is jump in and start exploring the interface. Getting everything perfectly customized will take some time, but bettors won’t have any trouble placing their first bets because the main layout on the home screen shows a list of tracks and upcoming races. Selecting any race takes users to an informational page with horse notes, pools, odds, and the wagerpad. DRF Bets has apps for both iOS and Android enabled devices. To grab the iOS version simply go to the app store you prefer to use, search for DRF Bets, and download the app. Both of the DRF Bets apps have received high ratings from users, as shown in the table. There is also live streaming of races directly from the apps, which makes using the apps seem just as easy as using the desktop or laptop version of the site. The web version includes all of the same betting aspects and functionality as the app. You can log in and bet on the web browser on your desktop computer or laptop, just as you would with the DRF Bets app. Not only can you wager on races through DRF, but the online platform allows you to watch a lot of those races. It provides live audio and video streaming from many of the available tracks, free of charge. There’s another level of streaming access, too. You can receive additional streaming video limits by wagering more and enhancing your level. Even if you can’t watch your designated horse race, you’ll be able to see the results as soon as a race is completed. There is a race results link that appears in the race info box once it is over. Live streaming is helpful since a lot of popular races occur all over the place, and TV coverage isn’t always the best. DRF Bets is legal in the following states: AL, AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, MD, MS, MI, MN, MT, NE, NH, NM, NY, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SD, TN, VT, VA, WA, WV, WI and WY Only. In most states, horse bettors must be at least 18 or older to create a DRF Bets account. In Washington and Michigan, the minimum legal age to create an account is 21. Yes. DRF Bets has a dedicated horse racing app for iOS and Android-powered devices. The app is free to download. Banking with DRF Bets is easy, as the online racebook allows you to move money in several ways. Deposit methods include the following: