The colossal California mansion built in place of the now-demolished home where Charles Mansion’s entourage murdered Sharon Tate and four others in 1969 is having a hard time finding a buyer. First listed in January for a whopping $85 million, the home received a price cut of $15 million — and now stands at $70 million. Situated on nearly 3.6 acres of land, the Beverly Hills estate is currently owned by “Full House” creator, Jeff Franklin, who purchased the Cielo Drive home in 2007 for $6 million. Franklin, 67, bought the home when it was only partially finished, according to an interview with the Wall Street Journal, adding that the property’s past has had “no impact on my life whatsoever.” He lived in the residence until relocating to Florida last year. Before it was listed for sale, the home went up for rent, asking $250,000 per month. Known as “The Cielo” estate, the spread was most recently used for Bob Saget’s reception following the late comedian’s funeral on January 14. The property was designed by Richard Landry, who is known for building mega-mansions for celebrities and business magnates. Made up of nine bedrooms and 18 bathrooms, the Andalusian-style estate spans 21,000 square feet and boasts views of Los Angeles. “The view is A++ from every room in the house,” Heather Altman of Bravo’s “Million Dollar Listing,” a broker at the representative brokerage, told The Post. “The seller hand picked items in Southeast Asia and Europe that are one of a kind pieces. The estate cannot be duplicated.” Amenities include a detached guesthouse, a movie theater, a spa, a gym, a hair salon, a billiards room and a bar, according to the listing. Outdoor amenities include a 75-yard pool with three waterfalls, two hot tubs, a 35-foot water slide, a swim-up bar, a private grotto, a koi pond and a lazy river. In total there are six aquariums throughout the house. “I wanted to incorporate all the influences that I love from various cultures around the world,” Franklin told the Journal. “There’s a lot of California Casual, and then we add SeaWorld.” Franklin said the aquariums were partially inspired by his love of scuba diving. “This actually saves me a lot of traveling around the world,” he quipped. Josh and Matt Altman, of Douglas Elliman, hold the listing.