Newly installed White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre has a long history of accusing policies and political enemies of “racism,” a review of her social media and TV news appearances show. The Post looked at Jean-Pierre’s tweets between 2015 and 2020 and found a staggering 57 instances where she accused people, policies, ideas, or words of being “racist.” And Jean-Pierre accused people and ideas she was opposed to as “racist” at least 43 times in TV appearances too, according to video clipping service Grabien, whose available analysis  spanned just the first two years of President Trump’s term in office. Her target on both social media and TV was overwhelmingly Trump. “If it walks like a racist, talks like a racist, acts like a racist, it is a racist and we have a racist president in the White House who really pushes his racism like a peacock,” she told a smirking panel on the MSNBC show “AM Joy” in 2018. “Donald Trump is a RACIST!” she railed in a tweet from Jan 2018, echoing what became a common refrain from her during his presidency. “Donald Trump is the most outwardly racist President that we have seen in generations and African Americans voters aren’t blind to that. He uses his megaphone to divide people, spew racism, and give cover to white supremacists,” she tweeted in 2020. Her new boss, President Biden, got in on the act in during the 2020 presidential campaign, claiming Trump was “one of the most racist presidents’ we’ve ever had.” Trump was far not alone as an object of her derision — Jean-Pierre also ripped the former president’s staff and confidants as racists too. “Steve Bannon is a white Supremacist. Steve Bannon is a white NationalistSteve Bannon is a racist,” she thundered in September 2018, of the president’s former White House counselor. She levied the same accusation on Sebastian Gorka, another Trump White House advisor. Jean-Pierre also blasted former Attorney General Jeff Sessions as “a bigot & a racist,” who “views brown and black people as less than, not even human,” according to a tweet from June 2018. She also called racists Texas Sen. John Cornyn in 2020, Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio in 2018, and Former Virginia GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie in 2017. Jean-Pierre, a one-time national spokesperson for the far left group MoveOn, has never been shy about dropping the R word for polices and institutions she found objectionable as well. “[Fox News] was racist before coronavirus, they are racist during the coronavirus, Fox News will be racist after the coronavirus,” Jean-Pierre said during a March 15 appearance on “AM Joy.” She also blasted the American Israel Public Affairs Committee as “severely racist,” in a Newsweek Op-Ed from 2019. She has also attacked former President Trump’s wall along the southern border as racist, and has suggested the same about voter ID laws. Jean-Pierre, a public devotee of Critical Race Theory, and its founder, the radical academic Kimberlé Crenshaw, also includes her own country in the broadside. She has embraced the position that “systemic racism” runs through every facet of the United States. The viewpoint is a cornerstone of CRT thinking. “Racism doesn’t have political stripes. It’s a systematic problem in this country,” she said in a February 2019 tweet. “Systemic racism pervades every part of our society,” she added in a tweet from June 2020. “A tactic of hers has been to automatically reach toward talking points that fire up the Democratic base and don’t translate to the majority of the American people,” someone who frequently appeared with her on television told The Post. Reps for Jean-Pierre did not immediately respond to request for comment from The Post.