When it comes to shopping, there’s nothing else like picking up a freshly minted outdoor dining table to ring in warm weather. To complete your outdoor patio furniture this season, the tables we rounded up are ideal for (1) placing your freshly made pies after using your outdoor pizza oven and (2) gathering around with your loved ones. Not to mention, they’re super practical, too. After a dip in the pool — perhaps using one of your favorite pool floats and, then, your new pool lounge chairs — it serves as a catch-all for your oversized sunglasses, summertime cocktails and other summer essentials. Ahead, find the 10 best outdoor dining tables for your patio. Our top retailers include Amazon and Wayfair, though we noted a slew of others to help maximize your shopping experience. As an Amazon best-seller, Grand Patio’s Weather-Resistant Steel Patio Side Table is the perfect catch-all hub for your Kindle, cocktail and sunglasses. Plus, the furniture piece comes in virtually every color you can think of to match your yard. For a lovely wooden piece to make memories around, Wage Logan’s Sonlin Eucalyptus Solid Wood Dining Table is one of our favorite options. Fit for 10 people, the large slab brings a touch of teak to your backyard. Looking for that dreamy resort-like table to adorn your yard? Look no further than Style Selections’ Elliot Creek Rectangle Outdoor Dining Table. Plus, it’s a great one to assemble your patio umbrella on top of. For a versatile furniture piece, Walker Edison’s Boardwalk Acacia Wood Outdoor Dining Table is next-level. First off, it’s extendable, so it can serve as a traditional dining table and a buffet server alike. Plus, the dark wood looks rich and high-end. For a casual, no-frills set, pick up Outsunny’s 8-Piece Patio Dining Set. It includes a patio umbrella, too, and will comfortably seat six people for parties and get-togethers on warmer days. Now, this is an outdoor table set worth grabbing. Best-Selling Home’s Abigail Cast Aluminum Outdoor Dining Set is large enough for first-class entertaining and will last for years, much ado to its durable construction. Plus, it’s less than $2,000 right now. Enter the classic outdoor patio table we deem too aesthetically pleasing to pass up. Vifah’s Waimea Honey Slatted Rectangle Patio Dining Table is made of divine eucalyptus wood, is less than $400 and is the perfect poolside furniture piece to sit back and enjoy the lovely weather in. If you’re on a budget, WoodCraft’s Patio Table is your best bet. The countertop shade is that beach-y, rustic wood that’s on-trend and we love the charming detail on its legs. For a four-seater you can grab in an instant (thanks, Prime!), Wisteria Lane’s 5-Piece Patio Dining Table and Chair Set is worth the buy. Its square-topped table is high enough to enjoy sipping your afternoon tea (perhaps with one of our favorite kettles) and is a lovely showpiece for your yard. We’re all about Red Barrel Studio’s Manhattan Glass Coffee Table which is great to style with a new outdoor sectionals. It’s giving us all the “Selling Sunset” vibes we could ever ask for, too. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.