The Cambodian government is urging sexed-up citizens to stop playing with phallic-shaped flowers known as Nepenthes holdenii — saying the erotic-looking plants are at risk of extinction. The Ministry of Environment issued the stern statement on Wednesday after a video showing several women picking the plants went viral on the internet. Nepenthes holdenii is a tropical pitcher plant commonly found in the mountainous regions of western Cambodia. The flower — dubbed the “penis plant” due to its resemblance to an erect human phallus — has long been a protected species. However, in recent years, locals and tourists have been pulling the frisky-looking flora from the ground at an increased rate and snapping selfies for social media. The move has concerned officials, with the Ministry stating: “What they are doing is wrong and do not do it again in the future! Thank you for loving natural resources, but do not pick, [or] they will be ruined!” In the viral video which prompted the call-out from the Cambodian government, three scantily clad women are seen unearthing several of the endangered flowers for online clout. The video was reportedly filmed on Bokor Mountain in Kampot province. In the minute-long clip, the group screams in delight as they happen upon several of the suspicious-looking plants. One woman is subsequently seen smiling as she holds two of the phallic objects in her hands while cooing for the camera. Meanwhile, her kinky companion holds up a handful of the flowers, seemingly impressed with her haul. At the end of the video, one of the women picks up a miniature Nepenthes holdenii, appearing to make a joke about small penises. Her friend enters the frame and screws up her face in disdain, clearly unimpressed by the plant’s small size. No official complaint had been lodged against the gal pals who partook in the video. Nepenthes holdenii is not the only rare, phallic-shaped plant to have hit headlines this past year. Last October, a 6-and-a-half-foot-tall plant known as the amorphophallus decus-silvae “penis plant” bloomed in Europe for the first time in almost 25 years. The imposing plant — which looks like an erect penis —  flowered at the Hortus Botanicus in the Netherlands, with excited crowds flocking there to take in the phallic phenomenon.