The Issue: Maureen Callahan’s column on young male mass shooters after the horror in Texas. To Maureen Callahan: Thank you for your deeply on-target article in Wednesday’s Post about the “angry young American male” (“Ticking Time Bombs,” May 26). While finding means of prevention and solutions won’t be easy or quick, the issue needs to be brought to light. Perhaps it needs to be acknowledged also that anger is something we all experience, and everyone could benefit from anger-management training, starting with children. No quick fixes. Yet admitting the issue is the beginning of finding solutions. Ronald DushkinManhattan I couldn’t agree more with Callahan that America’s top health crisis is the American male. More important, her thoughtful insight regarding the problem’s pervasiveness and potential cures is chillingly accurate, especially when you acknowledge that young males grow up and sometimes become politicians. Count me in to assist her and others in finding ways to a cure for the American male. Michael MaslayakEatonton, Ga. I agree that teens are just not sufficiently developed mentally to own weapons, as they are susceptible to rash and ill-thought-out decisions. Beyond that, we live in a culture that glorifies violence and encourages people to solve problems with a gun, instead of by other, more civilized means. To effortlessly slaughter so many innocent children in a school, along with their teachers, indicates a horrific disconnect from reality and humanity, which has been exacerbated by the fact that our children have been isolated from one another for the past two years. As members of a democracy, we all have the responsibility to help the next generation. It takes a village to raise a child. May God have mercy on our nation. Michael PravicaHenderson, Nev. Geraldo Rivera said it best: If someone can’t buy a beer until he is 21, then he shouldn’t be able to buy guns either. Social media is a major cause of the sociological problems with teenagers today. There’s not much the government can do currently to rectify that problem, but Congress can put age limitations on the purchase of any weapons. Ruben MoralesLaurence Harbor, NJ Callahan points out that it is mostly young men, 16 to 20 years old, who commit these crimes. These men almost never have jobs. Who is paying for their weapons? Why do we never talk about those who enable shooters and those who actually give them the means to carry out their crimes? Anyone who purchases or provides funds for a gun used in a murder should be held liable and prosecuted. Rob LeonardoRockville Centre The school system in so many ways is failing. This last shooter apparently was bullied and didn’t attend school. Why was that allowed to happen? The same system that is failing so many kids is shocked when a neglected child becomes violent. We have illiterate children, metal detectors in school, kids with weapons, bullying and kids who just don’t show up for school. I’m from Canada. This doesn’t happen there. It’s shocking, but no one is trying to fix the system. Paula TannyStamford, Conn. How many of these ­angry young males had fathers in the home? Prisons are heavily populated by males who grew up without fathers. It’s a societal problem that will take generations to fix, if ever. Susanna McSheaOrlando, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.