Ken Jennings is taking a hiatus from his “Jeopardy!” hosting gig. After game-show champ Mattea Roach lost during Final Jeopardy on May 6, ending her 23-game winning streak, Jennings congratulated the Canadian native on her past victories and also revealed that Roach’s last game was also the end of his hosting for the time being. The 47-year-old divulged that Mayim Bialik would be taking over as host, which seemed to upset some Twitter users. “Congratulations to Mattea Roach on a truly iconic @Jeopardy streak. I believe she’s one of only three champs in history ever to ‘shoot their age’: 23 years old, 23 wins,” Jennings tweeted earlier this week. “I’m handing the keys back to the talented actor-producer-writer-director (!) @missmayim for a few months. We are lucky to have her! Thanks for watching, and I’ll be back before the end of the season,” he added. Fans expressed their contempt for the “Big Bang Theory” star’s return, with one writing: “Ken is IT! He knows the game & game strategy, he is funny, quick as heck, humble & endearingly self-effacing. The comments are overwhelmingly in favor of him for permanent host.” “NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! NOT MAYIM BIALIK!!! I WANT AARON RODGERS!!!” a user squealed. “ANYBODY BUT MAYIM BIALIK!!! I AM NOT GOING TO WATCH JEOPARDY! AS LONG AS SHE IS HOSTING!!!” Another added, “No, no, and NO! When are they going to give you permanent keys Ken? You do a much more professional job — most worthy of filling Alex’s shoes!” “It’s not that I won’t watch because my favorite isn’t hosting, I just don’t enjoy the show when he’s not hosting,” one said. “Miss you, already, and tho Alex was right when he said, the show is the star, the Host is an integral part of the show and adds or diminishes the quality of it. You should be permanent host,” tweeted another fan. Fans have long advocated for Jennings to become the permanent host following iconic emcee Alex Trebek’s death in November 2020. Roach, 23, even cast her vote for who should be the next host. “I would say Ken because of his history with the show,” she told Vulture last week. “As a contestant, there’s something really special about being onstage with the greatest player of all time. Someone who understands in a very visceral way what it’s like to be in your position.” “Mayim is fantastic, but she doesn’t have that same experience,” she said.