Just when we thought love could last…News has broken that lovers Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker have split. How did it all go wrong for this pair of young, tall, preternaturally hot Scorpios? We’re taking a look at the way they were and the birth charts of both to glean more. True to the discrete nature of their shared sun sign, this pair kept it low key since they began quietly dating in 2020, finding partnership mid pandemic and cryptic communion via strawberry emojis. It took the pair nearly a year to make their relationship social media official. After  baptizing their bond by the vested power of Instagram, the two cultivated the covert cuteness. First Kendall rocked an oversized tee that repped her man’s team the Phoenix Suns, and then Devin commemorated their first anniversary with a sunset filled Instagram story. Sigh. The two made a rare public appearance in May 2022 at the loud, lush wedding of Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker in Portofino, Italy where they were photographed drenched in Dolce & Gabbana and good vibes. Allegedly the wedding was the death rattle of their romance as they returned home to the realization that they are “not in alignment” and leading “different lifestyles,” which honestly sounds more like an allergic reaction to dairy than cause for breakup but whatever, y’all do you. Born November 3, 1995, Kendall has her sun in Scorpio, the fixed water sign of concentrated power. Amongst her famous family, Scorpio is prominent, read about the relationship between the sign and the Kardashian/Jenner clan here. Kendall’s moon, which indicates emotional interiority and relationship to the feminine is in the impassioned, impatient sign of Aries. This sun/moon combo is a doozy folks, with war mongering planet Mars at the helm of both signs. This imbues Kendall with a commanding and at points downright domineering energy. Anyone who would take to Twitter to declare “they act like i’m not in full control of where i throw this cooch” is certainly under the influence of the conspiring vibes of Aries and Scorpio. All or nothing is the preferred approach of both signs, suggesting Kendall does nothing lightly or half way. These people play to win but as Kendall cruelly learned, they can be easily disarmed by the menacing force of an uncut cucumber. For his part, Devin, born October 30, 1996, has his sun in Scorpio and moon in Gemini. Lunar Geminis maintain a kind of lighthearted, if you’ll excuse the expression ‘let’s play ball’, kid like energy. Some astrologers believe the moon indicates past life experiences and those with this placement have spent many incarnations in a state of perpetual curiosity, learning and seeking and collecting without consequence. Devin seems to understand the power of his own influence and the combination of a deeply feeling sun and a widely influential moon, telling WSJ Magazine, “I love my family, I love the people around me, and I love the impact that I get to have on this world, the younger generation under me and the kids who look up to me.” Indeed, this lifetime, with the influence of his Scorpio sun, Devin is meant to go deeper both in terms of his investigation of and influence upon the world and in his investments in relationships. Who better to forge the path with than a fire hearted Scorpio queen like Kendall, who has no fear of the dark or of being the first to step into it? Maybe our man needed to keep it light for awhile. Being with a Scorprio sun/Aries moon is challenging and formative but also more crucible than cupcake. Kendall and Devin have Venus, planet of love and attachment, in Sagittarius and Libra, respectively. Venus in Libra is a full blown romantic poet, big on the idea of partnership and soothed by beautiful people and places. Venus in Sagittarius is a down for whatever, somewhat clumsy, always curious let the good times roll pirate type. This helps explain why both Kenall and Devin lean easily and enthusiastically into yacht life and may be to blame for their mutual lack of followthrough. While these Venus placements are fun loving and love loving, neither one is particularly keen on commitment, especially Devin’s Venus in Libra, a placement lovingly described by my best friend Layth as “the domain of f**k bois and lead singers.” Yet, the two seem to be able to connect over and easily afford lavish vacations so a reunion rendezvous is a distinct possibility. It’s hard not to feel the feels when you’re half drunk on a bottle of prosecco and fully naked in a cabana. Been there, fam. The pair is further fortified by their respective Mars signs. Kendall has Mars, planet of action and aggression in the swashbuckling, death before boredom sign of Sagittarius. Devin meanwhile has his Mars in mercurial Virgo, making him adept at mind games, wordplay and role play. This coupling indicates that conversation and general interest and intrigue between the two will never wane. Sagittarius and Virgo are both mutable signs, making them highly adaptable and amenable when it comes to positive conflict resolution. They do however form a challenging square aspect together, an aspect that can lead to discord and petty squabble about Virgo wanting to control chaos and Sagittarius wanting to sweaty tango with it. This square off may have been at the heart of what drove these two scorpions apart and onto different paths. The intensity of the aspect between Kenall and Devin is pared down by the mutable qualities of Sagittarius and Virgo, and spells the possibility of reconciliation, though the downswing of double mutability and subsequently, the passive aggressive tendencies it fosters, is that it doesn’t leave much room for hate or reunion sex, which always the draw for breaking up and making up for a Scorpio. Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars Sharing a sun sign with a partner, as Kendall and Devin do, poses a set of blessings and challenges. There is an inherent understanding between these two, they “get” each other and share a commitment to privacy and investigating intimacy. Indeed, both Kendall and Devin have stated how at ease they feel with each other and within their relationship. However, Scorpio is a fixed sign, another double edged sword as it makes them steadfast when it comes to commitment and inflexible when it comes to beliefs and behaviors. When they agree it’s gravy and when they don’t it’s abject gloom. In terms of a potential reconciliation, the odds are in their favor.  Scorpios never really let go of someone they love, preferring as they do to keep their exes just within claws reach, always an ominous DM or tasteful black and white nude away, so take heart my babies, all hope is not yet lost. If/when that reunion comes to pass it is sure to be a very secretive affair and likely one we won’t know about until far after the fact. Whatever comes to pass, we wish this pair of scorpions all manner of bless ups, blood rites and basket swishes. Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture and personal experience. She is also an accomplished writer who has profiled a variety of artists and performers, as well as extensively chronicled her experiences while traveling. Among the many intriguing topics she has tackled are cemetery etiquette, her love for dive bars, Cuban Airbnbs, a “girls guide” to strip clubs and the “weirdest” foods available abroad. 