A weight was lifted off her chest. An Australian woman who was constantly frustrated by her larger bust has opted for a reduction — and liberated of her “big boob girl” title. Maddi Andrews, a 21-year-old small business owner, is a self-proclaimed “early bloomer,” whose breasts reached a size 32E cup by the time she was just 18. She paid more than $6,000 AUD (about $4,300 USD) to shrink to a 32C cup size for “no pain” in her upper body and “unconditional love” for herself — and she doesn’t regret a thing. “Nothing fit or looked good on my body,” she told Jam Press. “Meanwhile my friends could just wear a bralette or walk into any store and buy a bra so easily.” Aside from the annoyance of shopping for clothes, she also received unwelcome stares and comments. “[At first], I loved the attention but that grew old once my breasts reached their full size, as they became my focal point,” she said. “I was the ‘friend with big boobs’ who people would come up and grope or claim their envy of them.” While she would “smile and laugh it off,” the jokes cut deep, making her wonder if all anyone looked at was her chest. “On the inside I asked myself, ‘Is this all people see of me? Am I only attractive because of my breasts?’ ” But it wasn’t just the crude humor that hit a nerve. The physical pain she suffered as a result of her heavy breasts eventually became too much to handle. She couldn’t keep a straight posture, finding it difficult to participate in everyday exercising or dancing because her upper body was sore due to her bras pulling and digging into her skin. She feared the leering strangers, too, who might see her as “sleazy” if she ever dared to wear a low-cut blouse. Eventually, she only showed skin around her boyfriend. As the stress of covering up and fear of people staring grew, Andrews decided the only solution would be a breast reduction. In February, she finally went through with the operation. “It was a week until I could lift my arms over my head, three until I could comfortably sleep on my side and six until my tape came off, but it was an instant feeling,” she said. “I literally don’t think twice now about what I wear in my day-to-day life and when I go to the shops it’s such a peaceful experience.” A video on TikTok, which amassed more than 679,500 views and 59,000 likes, according to Jam Press, showed clips of Andrews prior to her surgery and after, cutting to her smiling and revealing a smaller bust. Some of her social media followers couldn’t understand why she gave up such a natural blessing, sharing mixed reviews in the comments. “What a loss,” one viewer commented. “I pray for this generation,” griped another comment. “WHYYYY,” wailed another. But other women who faced the same burdens knew what a weight must have lifted off her chest. “THE BACK MUST FEEL BETTER RIGHT?” exclaimed one person. Andrews responded in kind, “SO MUCH BETTER U HAVE NO IDEA.” “You must be so so much happier I’m so happy for you welcome to the itty bitty club,” congratulated another, as someone else said they also “need” the same surgery. “I feel so much more like myself – in proportion and confidence,” Andrews said as she ignored the hateful comments. She took to her Instagram to share her unbridled joy now that she can wear “what I want.” “Don’t let fear stop something that is so incredibly positive,” she continued, saying that the post-surgery discomfort pays off in “positivity, confidence and comfort.” She concluded, “Take control of that uncertainty and turn it into excitement, as you should think about how you will feel, look and act afterward.”