Catfish’s out of the bag. A 22-year-old woman has declared herself a proud “transgender catfish” online. Jocelyn Reed, from the city of Liverpool in the UK, loves to shock people with her incredible makeup transformations, which sometimes take up to two hours to complete. “People say that my makeup is the reason you should take girls swimming on a first date and that makeup should be illegal. They also say one wipe and it’s over,” she told Caters. But Reed is brushing off the haters. “I constantly get comments about being a catfish, but I just take it on the chin,” she said. “I love full-glam looks because they are so drastic and shocking and make me look so much more snatched,” said Reed, who flaunts her looks for her hundreds of thousands of followers on TikTok and Instagram. “My favorite step is contouring because you can completely redesign the shape of your face. It’s amazing,” she explained. “I also love full-coverage foundation because I suffer from acne and scarring. So I can go from red and imperfect skin to looking like I have amazing flawless skin.” Although Reed relishes being able to alter her appearance so drastically with a few — or many — strokes of a brush, she no longer hides behind a mask of makeup. “I love that makeup can be used to build your confidence and make you feel so much better about yourself,” she said. “I used to be scared to show my face without any makeup because I hated when people picked out my flaws and things that I can’t really change,” Reed said. “But I have now accepted that they’re part of who I am and it doesn’t really bother me anymore.” Reed recently came out as transgender, but has been perfecting her makeup skills since she began stealing her mom’s makeup at 16. By 18, she was trying out drag looks and posting her creations to social media. “I have always loved makeup, but since I came out as trans when I was 21, I have been focusing on my catfish transformations,” Reed claimed. “During the lockdowns I started dressing more feminine and growing my natural hair out, and this is when I started practicing my more natural makeup looks as opposed to the drag looks I was used to doing,” she recalled. Reed hopes to be an inspiration to those on their own makeup journey. “There is nothing wrong with being a catfish because I love makeup and it makes me feel amazing,” she said. 