Giants wide receiver Darius Slayton appears to have been keeping up with some of the sports world’s urban legends. Last week, SportsCenter’s Twitter account pressed its followers about what they believe to be the “scariest curse in sports history,” timed to Friday the 13th. Slayton replied to the message by calling attention to a certain myth regarding the men who date members of the Kardashian-Jenner family, and the fallout afterward. “Dating a khardashian [sic],” Slayton replied on Friday. The so-called Kardashian “curse” has been discussed in recent years, with some believing that those who become involved with the Kardashian-Jenner brood will experience bad luck. The events on Sunday won’t help the Kardashians’ case. Devin Booker, who has been dating Kendall Jenner, and the Suns were eliminated from the playoffs Sunday following a blowout Game 7 loss to the Mavericks. Booker, like the rest of his teammates, had a miserable night. The star guard shot 3-of-14 to finish with 11 points. Members of the family have spoken out about the alleged hex, including Kendall. “What I don’t like about the narrative is that the blame is on us,” Kendall said during the “Keeping Up with the Kardashians” reunion last June, per TMZ. “I think the men need to take that responsibility. “I think that we’re all extremely giving and caring and loving women. And, when there is a man in our lives we like, give everything to them and as a family, we all love them so much. It’s almost like offensive, personally.” The Kardashians and Jenners have had several high-profile romances over the years, some with athletes. Khloé Kardashian was married to Lamar Odom from 2009 to 2016 and later dated James Harden and Tristan Thompson, with whom she shares 4-year-old daughter True. Prior to her romance with Booker, Kendall dated Ben Simmons when he was a member of the 76ers. Kim Kardashian also married now-former NBA player Kris Humphries in August 2011 before famously filing for divorce 72 days later. Despite the curse chatter, matriarch Kris Jenner dismissed the notion of an alleged hex in June 2021, noting a Super Bowl won by Kim’s former boyfriend, Reggie Bush, as well as two NBA champions in Thompson and Odom.