FAIRFAX, Va. — Amber Heard broke down into heaving sobs on the stand Thursday as she recalled Johnny Depp allegedly threatening to “carve up” her face with a bottle — and then inserting it inside her during a fight. “I didn’t know if the bottle he had inside me was broken,” she said, breathing heavily as she held back tears. “I couldn’t feel it. I couldn’t feel anything.” The nightmare unfolded in March 2015 while the then-married couple was staying in Australia, where Depp was filming the fifth installment of the “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie franchise. The two got into an argument about drinking, and Depp taunted Heard with a bottle of booze he was holding — which dropped to the floor and broke after she went to grab it, the actress said. “That really set him off,” Heard testified, getting emotional as she recalled how she ended up on the ground. “I stand up [and] he’s got a bottle in his hand,” she said. “He threw it at me.” Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial Heard continued: “I don’t know how much time passed, but at some point, he had a broken bottle of against my face neck area by my jawline, and he told me he’d cut up my face.” The actress testified through tears about Depp allegedly ripping up her nightgown and punching the wall next to her head during the fight. “I was naked, slipping around on this tile” on the floor, she told the jury. “He’s screaming at me and saying I ruined his life.” “’I f–king hate you. You ruined my f–king life,’” Depp screamed while he smashed a phone “to smithereens,” Heard testified. “I’m looking in his eyes, I don’t see him anymore,” she continued, starting to sob. “It wasn’t him. It was black. I’ve never been so scared in my life. I was trying to get through to Johnny and I couldn’t see him at all.” Heard then said “I’m sorry” as she breathed rapidly on the stand, seemingly unable to continue speaking. Later in her testimony, Heard attorney Elaine Bredehoft asked her to clarify for the jury if Depp penetrated her vagina with a liquor bottle all the way to her pubic bone. “I can’t believe I have to do this,” the actress said, speaking to jury. To which her lawyer replied, “I’m so sorry.” The harrowing incident was the same fight that left Depp with a severed finger –– something he claimed on the stand happened when Heard flung a vodka bottle at him. The two had only been married a month earlier. Heard was shown pictures from inside the trashed mansion the couple rented Down Under — where Ben King, the house manager, previously testified about finding Depp’s missing fingertip. One of the images was of two liquor bottles, and Heard told the jury she recognized one of them from the assault. The actress said that after the alleged attack she took sleeping pills to fall asleep and  woke up to her then-husband injured. “I figured out he was missing a finger,” she said, describing a trashed house with writing in dried blood on the walls, along with blue paint. Depp wrote so many messages with the blood spewing from his severed fingered that “it looked like he had run out of blood,” she testified. “He wrote on the back of a pillow with blood,” she said, noticing the brown color of dried blood, along with writing on the mirrors, walls and even a lampshade. “He was covered in paint,” she said of Depp, who never went to sleep that night. Depp, 58, is suing his ex-wife for defamation over her 2018 op-ed in the Washington Post in which she described herself as “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” He was never mentioned by name in the piece, but claims it clearly referenced him. In her testimony so far, Heard, 36, has painted Depp as a jealous and vindictive partner who would take drugs and alcohol and become violent.