Bettors can choose from all three major sports in action today, but expert bettors are tracking a few particular contests. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified one NBA side as well as two MLB plays that trigger a majority of the aforementioned signals. Without further delay, let’s dive into the recommendations. The Heat claimed Game 1 on its home floor and most signals are going in its favor again ahead of Game 2. It’s worth noting that we’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Celtics, which opened as five-point underdogs but now sit at +3.5 at most shops. However, three of the remaining four signals go in the Heat’s direction. Big money bettors are backing the Heat in spades, as the hosts have received only 39 percent of all spread bets against 63 percent of the total spread handle. Those percentages also trigger an Action Network PRO system – Playoffs: More Money on Favorites – in the Heat’s favor. That system has a 62 percent historical win rate and 20 percent return on investment. Lastly, one top NBA betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the Heat spread tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. Miami Heat (-3)  — BetMGM The Mariners and Red Sox begin a four-game series Thursday in Boston and bettors are backing the underdog here. The Mariners opened as +115 road dogs, but we’ve tracked sharp action that has seen its top price drop to +112. Additionally, there’s slight big money coming in on the Mariners, which has seen 35 percent of all moneyline bets against 46 percent of the total moneyline handle. Plus, THREE top MLB betting experts from The Action Network are all backing the Mariners, to give the visitors three signals in its favor. Seattle Mariners Moneyline (+112) — PointsBet  The Diamondbacks and Cubs will open a four-game series Thursday at Wrigley Field and the opener has seen a flip of favorites. We’ll begin by saying that one signal is going in the Diamondbacks’ direction: the model projection. Based on our MLB power ratings, the D’Backs should be a -112 favorite in this contest. However, three of the final four signals go in favor of the hosts. The Cubs opened as consensus +100 home underdogs, but we’ve tracked sharp action on the hosts that has steamed its price all the way up to -120. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the Cubs, which has seen 48 percent of all moneyline bets against 69 percent of the moneyline handle as of this writing. Plus, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting Chicago, which claimed two of three in a previous series against the Diamondbacks. Chicago Cubs Moneyline (-120) — FanDuel