Something as simple as how you fold your toilet paper to how you walk can reveal plenty about your personality. In fact, even how you hold your bag can say whether you’re high maintenance or cool and collected. Picking out a specific handbag is not enough to say who you are, it’s all about how you sport it. Are you someone who likes a crossbody? Or do you prefer to clutch your sparkly tote in front of you? How about over the shoulder? According to body language expert Patti Wood via Reader’s Digest, wearing a purse in the crook of your arm shows that you are high-maintenance and worry a lot about social status However, wearing a cross-body with the purse sitting in front of you means you prioritize protection and accessibility. But wearing it behind you demonstrates a cool, calm, and collected personality. On the other hand, the type of bag you use also says plenty. Those who wear backpacks are independent and want to take care of themselves and everyone around them. But the people who carry their bags in their hands tend to be assertive, well-organized, and efficient. So, which one are you? Previously, a simple personality test reportedly revealed your “apology language” in a relationship and why you react a certain way when you’re hurt. The quiz offers you the opportunity to choose from two options in a given scenario, asking how you’d ideally like the other person involved to respond. “Just as our preferred Love Languages differ, each one of us has a preferred Apology Language that may differ from the people we love,” an intro on the 5 Love Languages website reads. “This quiz will help you learn your Primary Apology Language so that you can better understand how to heal hurt in your relationships.” The test also provides the opportunity to think about how you wish to be approached following a conflict or argument that hurt you. During the quiz, you’ll be asked which of the two options would mean more if said to you following an argument. The quiz also allows you to better understand how you’re most likely to approach others after an argument, given the choice in responses presented. By answering the series of questions, you’ll gain a greater understanding of what types of apologies resonate best with you, and receive a breakdown of information about those types at the end of the test. According to the 5 Love Languages site, the apology languages are: Planned Change, Accept Responsibility, Make Restitution, Expressing Regret, and Request Forgiveness. The results at the end of the quiz reveal your percentages in each of the five languages. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.