Dogs are a man’s best friend. They’ll cheer you up when you’ve had a ruff day, remind you that they paw-sitively have your back and love you fur-ever. But sometimes, dogs need a bit of extra love and patience. That’s where Cesar Millan comes in. The 52-year-old Mexcian-American dog trainer is best known for his Emmy-nominated television series “Dog Whisperer with Cesar Millan,” which was broadcasted in more than 80 countries. It’s now available to stream on Disney+, Amazon, AppleTV and more. During the show, Millan worked with troubled canines to rehabilitate their relationships, mannerism and tendencies. Millan continues his canine work to this day and sees it as a chance to restore balance. “It feels great to bring stability into the world because the world needs it,” Millan told The Post in an exclusive interview. “To me, this is not a job. It’s a mission. It’s a movement.” During the Dog Whisperer’s countless years of canine rehabilitation, Millan re-discovered the importance of trust, respect, love, relationships, connection and communication, as those are all core aspects of a rehabilitated dog. “All dogs have what everybody is seeking for,” Millan said. “They always remind me about the importance of being calm, comforting, loving and joyful.” When we hone in on those key values, in contrast to the physical focuses of the world, we generate the energy that will allow us to survive amidst the chaos around us, according to Millan. This idea is what spurred on Millan’s latest endeavor: “Better Human Better Dog.” The new series, which already has one full season up on Disney+, Amazon Prime,  AppleTV and more, focuses on education, entertainment, enlightenment and the simplicity of life through the lens of canine training. “Life is simple,” said MilMillanan. “We make it complicated.” Millan hopes that the show’s central message and dogs as a whole will help unite the human race, as it starts with canines but can transcend to all. Read more about Millan’s canine insight and shop his coveted 2022 products for dogs below. Millan believes you should “never work against the evolution of humankind.” In this case, it’s about society being technologically driven. Therefore, he partnered alongside Halo Collar, the effective dog containment solution. “The most exciting thing about Halo is that the whole world is going to be able to feel safe, [peaceful], consistent, connected and have fun with their dog,” Millan told the New York Post. Furthermore, the Halo collar isn’t just a pet tech device but also features built-in training by Millan, connectivity and durability. Essentially, it replaces your dated dog fence, GPS collar, activity tracker and training collar with one product. “X fit is for fitness, exercise and to drain physical energy,” said Millan, and he got it right. The vest comes in sizes XXX-small to XX-large, is available in various prints and helps combat obesity in over weight dogs, improves cardiovascular health and reduces energy. Put your pup to work with this Ruffwear dog pack. Pack kibble, water, treats and some personal belongings in this durable pouch and harness. Millan even states that this backpack “helps give the dog a purpose,” “mental stimulation” and disciplines their mind. “Thundershirt is great to help with excitement, anxiety and fear,” Millan said. It comes in a variety of sizes, is recommended by veterinarians and trainers and helps ease the fear of thunder, fireworks, separation, travel and vet visits. Millan names HAPPYBOND “the best supplement for collagen” for dogs, and he has a point. The collagen based supplement can be given to both younger and older dogs and helps cartilage production, keep joints mobile and protect the skin and coat. It’s also sold at one of the best online pet stores: Chewy. Millan explains that these rubber ball dog toys have two purposes. First, their colors were specifically chosen so that humans could easily spot them. Second, they were created to be almost indestructible. They are also high bouncing, can be used in the water, designed for the game of fetch and are compatible with the Chuckit! Ball Launchers. “It is the most natural, simple and profound way to guide, stop and park a dog,” Millan shared with The Post. The guide is made of durable, mildew-resistant kernmantle rope, doesn’t stretch or bungee, features a spring-loaded metal stopper and is handmade in the USA. Made with 100% pure beef liver and perfect for pups with food allergies and sensitivities, these treats are next level and are great for new pet owners. Millan even gave them his stamp of approval saying they are “safe,” have a “great smell” and are “easy to digest.” “They are great for draining extra energy,” said Millan. “They might be a little expensive, but they are perfect for chewing and releasing the energy from the jaw.” The sticks are ideal for dogs of all sizes, are high in chondroitin for joint health and are only made with one ingredient: bone-a-fide beef gullet. A treadmill for dogs? That’s right! “They are great to rehabilitate fear, anxiety and remove excitement,” Millan said. “Also, they are very useful and instrumental for hot and cold weather areas, or for humans who don’t seem to have enough time to take their dog for a walk.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.