Thirteen games fill out today’s Major League Baseball schedule, but expert bettors are targeting a few games in particular. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified two totals and one side in the later part of the schedule that trigger a majority of the above signals. So, without delay, let’s examine the recommendations. The Rays produced a 4-0 win over the Marlins in the series opener and bettors are expecting another low-scoring contest today. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the under in Tampa Bay, which opened at 7.5 runs but now sits at seven runs. Additionally, big money bettors have come in on the under in large numbers. As of this writing, that side of the total has seen 59 percent of all total bets against 89 percent of the total handle, the second-largest money percentage across the board. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network has already bet the under, giving it three of five signals in its favor. Under 7 Runs (-108) The Red Sox smoked the White Sox 16-3 in the series opener in Chicago and bettors like it once again as underdogs today. Boston opened as +150 underdogs on Wednesday and, despite seeing sharp action come in on that side, most books have held steady at that price. Additionally, there’s a model projection edge with the Red Sox. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the Red Sox should only be a +123 underdog to the White Sox. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Red Sox, which has received both a majority of bets (54 percent) and money (61 percent). Boston Red Sox Moneyline (+150)  The Angels claimed the series opener 5-3 last night in Anaheim and bettors are once again expecting runs tonight. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on over 8.5 runs, which has since ticked up to nine runs at most shops. Bettors can still find 8.5 depending on where they shop, but will need to lay -120 to get that number. Further, big money bettors are getting behind the over in spades. As of this writing, that side has seen 50 percent of all bets, but 99 percent of the total handle, the largest percentage discrepancy on the board today. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the over tonight to give this market three signals in its favor. Over 9 Runs (-104)