Bow down! Mike Myers looked back on his memories of working with Beyoncé in 2002’s “Austin Powers in Goldmember,” and how the cast was seemingly inflated with the singer. The comedian, 58, joined filmmaker David O. Russell in Hollywood at a “Netflix Is a Joke” event on Wednesday evening for a conversation about the iconic satirical spy comedy, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The “Silver Linings Playbook” director, 63, noted how several of Myers’ movies have splurged out memorable music, including Madonna’s “Beautiful Stranger.” The chat then shifted to Beyoncé, who made her film debut as Foxxy Cleopatra in the Jay Roach flick. The Canadian-born funnyman stated that everyone on set “fell in love with her.” Myers also joked that costar Michael Caine had trouble pronouncing the Grammy winner’s name and left off the “é.” “Nobody wanted to correct him,” Myers said, adding that he also introduced the “Dreamgirls” star to Led Zeppelin. “’I don’t know this Led Zeppelin,’” Myers remembered Beyoncé saying at the time. However, just a few days later during shooting “Austin Powers in Goldmember,” Myers found her jamming out to the band on her headphones. “‘It’s Led Zeppelin — they’re great,’” Myers recalled her telling him on set. The former “Saturday Night Live” cast member also recently revealed he would be down for a fourth “Austin Powers” movie. “I can neither confirm nor deny the existence or non-existence of such a project, should it exist or not exist,” he jokingly divulged to listeners during an interview on SiriusXM, but “would love to” do a follow-up movie to the trilogy. “It was a non-confirmed confirmation confirmation,” Myers said. The first “Austin Powers” movie premiered in 1997 with Myers playing two main characters — British Swinging Sixties super-spy, Powers, and his arch-nemesis, Dr. Evil. A sequel, “Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me,” dropped in 1999 with the third arriving in theaters three years later. At the comedy event, Myers also discussed how “SNL” boss Lorne Michaels wanted to recruit him for a remake of the 1967 Dustin Hoffman and Anne Bancroft classic, “The Graduate.” “I said, ‘I don’t think that’s a good idea.’ ‘The Graduate’ doesn’t need to be remade — it’s a perfect film. A little man should not stand in a great man’s shoes,” he said. Instead, he pitched Michaels the idea for his 1992 comedy “Wayne’s World.” “[Michaels] said, ‘Write it.’ He’s a genius. I’m forever grateful,” Myers said. “[The success] was like being strapped to a rocket. It rocked my world.”