WrestleMania Backlash has a few matches and potential outcomes that should pique WWE fans’ interest. For starters, Ronda Rousey and Charlotte Flair’s rivalry should be coming to end in the match it’s been building toward from the start. Cody Rhodes could be in line for his first loss very early in his return to WWE and what twists and turns will the Edge-A.J. Styles feud take. With the first WWE pay-per-view since WrestleMania upon us, The Post’s Joseph Staszewski does his best to guess all the outcomes on Sunday at WrestleMania Backlash (8 p.m., Peacock) This has 50/50 booking written all over it. Corbin and Moss feels like the next down-the-card WWE feud that will get an extended run. Because this is the two’s first in-ring meeting, Moss will leave with his hand raised as Corbin’s bad luck continues. It will spark an angry Corbin continuing to attack Moss on SmackDown and maybe Moss gets the win back on TV. Moss will win a gimmick match or one with a stipulation at Hell in a Cell to finish this off or they let it play out for a spot in the Money in the Bank ladder match in July. Moss still needs some seasoning as a babyface and being on the other side of Corbin is a good place to start. Pick: Madcap Moss Omos has to win here, right? The Colossus has already lost to Lashley at WrestleMania and in an arm wrestling match on Raw. Adding MVP as Omos’ manager after Mania needs to mean something, so he will be the difference this time. MVP will either impact the match with some underhanded tactics or will just add an inherent confidence or strategy for Omos. He needs to win this match or all of the build around him as some sort of monster feels like it goes to waste. Pick: Omos This match may be the hardest to call. Do you keep Edge and his Judgement Day group looking strong or get Styles a win? Maybe Styles’ new friend Finn Balor thwarts some interference from Damian Priest, who is technically barred from ringside. The addition of Balor means this feud is just beginning, so having The Phenomenal One come away with a victory in some capacity makes the most sense. I can feel a DQ finish coming here, especially with the Priest stipulation. Pick: A.J. Styles This feud feels like it will go the way of a trilogy. Rhodes won their first meeting as Rollins’ surprise opponent at WrestleMania 38, so it only feels natural for The Visionary to show Rhodes things are different when he has time to prepare. Rollins will probably use some nefarious tactics to get the victory and give Rhodes a challenge to overcome. These two will be a top candidate for a Hell in the Cell match in June. Pick: Seth Rollins Let’s get past the idea that we are all upset WWE took away the tag team championship unification match after setting it up and getting us all the way to the contract signing. Despite the lack of stakes and it feeling more like a SmackDown main event, this match has a chance to be fun and continue to push both feuds forward. To do so, the McIntyre and RKO-Bro need to go over with one of the Usos taking the pin. Personally, I’d let Orton get it on an RKO, but it will likely be McIntyre followed by a stare down of Reigns. A loss will intensify Reigns’ frustration with his cousins and cause him to push them even more to unify the tag titles. McIntyre becomes an even bigger thorn in the Tribal Chief’s side going into their singles program with three stadium shows lined up after June. Pick: Drew McIntyre and RK-Bro At least WWE didn’t have Rousey become a world champion again in her first try. These two have been trying to make the other tap since before WrestleMania, and unless it plans on using a Mick Foley-like “I Quit” track,  Rousey will get her hand raised. This will be physical with plenty of submission attempts — and hopefully some innovative ones. Rousey made a living in the UFC making people tap out to her armbar, but it will probably be the ankle lock here. Bayley returning to be Rousey’s challenger for the summer would make a lot of sense if it’s in the cards. On the other side, it would be refreshing to see Flair go through a prolonged period of not being able to win the big match. Pick: Ronda Rousey The Post’s Joseph Staszewski has been covering pro wrestling for the past six years. His Post Match Angle column about the industry appears every Tuesday on NYPost.com