It’s time to dance in the sunshine, get a sunburn or two and crack a cold one open. There’s really nothing like the summer season, and we are welcoming the warmth with open arms. After all, there’s no better time to hit the green, head out to the beach in your new swimsuit, throw on some shades or even start up the grill. We also can’t get enough of summer-styled hats. From the straw weaving to the bright colors, summer hats are fun, flirty, and perhaps most importantly, protective. To ensure you have the best summer hats for both men and women, we did some online digging. Below, you’ll find the best summer straw hats, fedora hats, golf hats, floppy hats and more. Click a link below to go directly to a section: Made of pure straw, this hat is ideal for the pool, beach, BBQ and everything else in between. Check out the small beaded detail to get even more pumped about this coveted option. With a nod to classic vintage hats, this Belfry Panama Boater is made of woven Ecuadorian Panama straw and features a wide navy and red club band. Featuring the same design as Cuyana’s best-selling Wide-Brim Panama Hat, this hat is classy, versatile and stylish. We also can’t get enough of the gorgeous ribbon, which can be left hanging, tied or removed. Featuring a UPF of 50+, this hat is comfortable, sturdy and protective. Enjoy a side L.L.Bean logo tab, front pull strings and an inner band. Set yourself apart with this leopard print and striped ribbon woven fedora. You won’t regret making a wild scene. Exclusively sold at Saks Off Fifth, this Italian-made fedora is crafted from straw and features a striped grosgrain. It’s just too good to pass up on. We can’t get enough of this vibrant blue hue for the summer season. Made in the USA, this western fedora features a slopped down brim, teardrop crown, leather band and is made of quality wool. Enjoy a classic striped band, subtle Ted Baker branding and straw material this summer. It’s perfect for lounging around the pool or pairing with your summer ‘fits. Featuring a curved brim, beaded details and a straw base, this cowboy hat will get you right back in the saddle. This lightweight and breezy cowboy hat features a traditional cowboy hat crease, a curved brim and head vents. You can also look forward to a padded sweatband. Available in four colors and made with wool felt, this cowgirl hat is effortless and classic. Features include a monochromatic-style, structured silhouette, banded detailing, teardrop crown and an upturned brim. Get ready to kick up your boots while wearing this Jason Aldean cowboy hat. The distressed coloring, black stitching and palm leaf material has us running to add this one to our carts. Made of pure raffia this braided, frayed edge visor is next level. It features built-in SPF and can be adjusted for the perfect fit. Best of all, you can roll is up for easy traveling. Made for comfort, this performance visor features cotton canvas and elastic band. You can also look forward to an embroidered logo and moisture wicking mesh. Enjoy this natural wheat straw visor complete with a black and white jacquard ribbon tie. Best of all, this visor include a UPF rating of 50+. Keep the sun away from your face with this visor perfect for staying on. You can also look forward to a moisture-wicking internal sweatband. Not to throw shade, but this is one of the chicest wide brim hats we’ve seen in a while. The black contrasting stripe makes it a timeless piece, while the upturned brim takes it to new heights. Made of 100% nylon, this men’s UPF hat is ideal for fishing, hiking, sitting by the pool and more. It’s lightweight and help protect you with UPF 50+. Made of paper straw, this hat features a super wide brim. What makes us love it even more? The fact that it flattens and folds for simply packing. Looking for top-notch sun protection as well as style? Then this is the hat for you. It’s lightweight, protective and can be worn just about everywhere. Made with 100% raffia and textured to perfection, this floppy sun hat is a must-have. Look closely, and you’ll also notice perforated detail to catch the right amount of sunshine. Made of 100% cotton and featuring a pull closure, this floppy bucket hat is ideal for the adventurer. Simply throw it on and get going. Weekenders, this one is for you! Featuring a wide brim and script that reads, “Hello Weekend,” you’ll be all in. With UPF 50+ this hat is already at the top of our list. Best of all, it’s also sweat-absorbent, waterproof, adjustable and functional. Available in different sizes for the perfect fit, the Aiden Straw Hat is ideal for hitting the green. Look forward to a leather chin strap, a modern design, an inner adjustable band and a UPF rating of 50+. Choose from three various colors and prints to find your ideal wide-brim golf hat. It’s lightweight, moisture-absorbing and will keep those rays off of your eyes, neck and face. We have to hand it to Brixton. They are unmatched when it comes to hats, and that goes for this woven straw hat as well. Features include a high cattleman-style crown, wide brim, an elastic headband and adjustable chin strap with plastic toggle. Choose from four colors and enjoy an airy full-brim hat. It’s great for hitting the green, as it’s sweat-wicking, features a UPF 40+ protection and is comfortable to wear. A felt packable sun hat? Yes, please! This Brixton features a thin grosgrain band and will bounce right back into shape after being rolled and packed. This unisex bucket hat offers all-around protection with it’s 360-degree brim and breathable fabric. And get this: the hat is reversible, making it ideal for endless styling options. Available in seven various colors, this hat is simple to roll up and store. Further features include a drawstring closure, UPF 50+ protection, ventilated material and breathable mesh. Featuring UV protection, built for high speed sports, strategically placed 3D mesh and cooling ventilation., you’ll reach for this hat day after day. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.