A Manhattan physician once dubbed the “sexiest doctor alive” had his Lamborghini swiped by a parking garage employee — who then took the hot rod on a five-hour joy ride, according to paperwork obtained by The Post. Celebrity physician Mikhail Varshavski — best known as Dr. Mike — parked his $320,000 Lambo at his Hudson Yards building on May 6 and went home for the night, a police report shows. The next morning, his building’s security staff notified him that a garage employee had taken his car around 1 a.m. without the doc’s permission in a “gross deviation of his duties,” the police paperwork says. Video reviewed by security showed the attendant driving away from the garage in the black, 2021 Lambo with the vanity plate DRM1KE, according to cops. The garage discovered the theft when other people went to pick up their cars early in the morning — and the attendant was nowhere to be found, a source with knowledge of the incident said. “The reason that they caught him was because other people came to get their cars and there was no one there,” the source said. “So security had to go through the footage to find out where he went, and then they waited for him to return a few hours later.” The NYPD did license plate checks and found the Lambo had traveled “all over New York City,” the source said, lighting up readers in Staten Island, on the Verrazzo-Narrows Bridge and the Williamsburg Bridge. The attendant returned the car at around 5 or 6 a.m. – about five hours after he took it. Security called Dr. Mike a few hours later, the source said. There have been no arrests in the case, an NYPD spokeswoman said Tuesday. Varshavski — who was named People Magazine’s “Sexiest Doctor Alive of 2015” — posted photos of his matte black Lambo with neon green trim on Instagram in September last year. He boasts 4.4 million followers. “Welcome the new member of the family!” he wrote in the post. “P.S. Never let anyone squash your dreams or knock your hustle.” The ripped doctor, who works in family medicine at Atlantic Health System’s Overlook Medical Center, competed on “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” in 2016 and also once saved a passenger on a commercial flight. He won a charity amateur boxing match in Tampa’s Yuengling Center, raising over $100,000 for Ukraine. Reached by phone Tuesday about the car theft, he said, “No comment.”