Cheers to the queen! Tom Hanks claimed that Queen Elizabeth’s favorite cocktail is not the oft-told legend of the Dubonnet cocktail but rather a simple martini. The “Elvis” star, 65, recounted an experience he had with the 96-year-old royal ahead of her Platinum Jubilee on BBC’s talk show “The One Show” Monday. Hanks explained that he dined with the queen in May 2011 alongside former President Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama during their visit to the United Kingdom. “I sat right next to the queen,” the Oscar winner said. “The chit-chat with the queen is something you gotta get ready for. I knew I was going to be sitting next to her so I wanted to be able to talk about things that were of import but not presumptuous. So a few things about how often she truly has time off and what have you. It was a nice chit-chat.” He went on to note that he saw a servant “out of the corner of my eye” pour a glass of “clear liquid” that suspiciously did not look like water for the queen. “I dared to ask the queen, ‘What is Her Majesty’s cocktail of choice?’ and she said, ‘Ooh, martini,’ ” Hanks said. “She had the one. That’s what she nursed throughout the course of the night and I think well, she’s had a wonderful reign so maybe if I want to polish up my game a little bit, I will start drinking martinis every now and again” the “Forrest Gump” actor continued. Alcohol is reportedly one of the secrets to the monarch’s longevity, as she also enjoys drinking gin and Champagne throughout the day. Buckingham Palace even dropped its own booze brand in 2020. The palace’s exclusive dry gin is made with ingredients from the gardens of the queen’s London residence. The spirit contains notes of hawthorn berries, lemon verbena, mulberry leaves and bay leaves and sells for $50 for a 24-ounce bottle. Former royal chef Darren McGrady, who worked for the royal family from 1982 until 1993, dished about what the queen sips on during the day with CNN in 2017. The cook hit back at past claims in the “silly little pieces in the papers” saying that she downs at least four drinks a day. “She’d be pickled if she drank that much,” he said. “All I said was she likes a gin and Dubonnet. That’s her favorite drink. “She doesn’t wake up in the morning and have a large gin and tonic,” McGrady said, also stating that when she in fact does have a glass of wine with her supper, it would be German sweet wine. He added that the queen’s taste for wine is not a nightly event. “She certainly doesn’t drink four glasses a day,” McGrady said. The chef also alleged that the queen is a big chocoholic and has a massive sweet tooth for expensive European chocolates. The sovereign will commemorate 70 years on the British throne starting June 2 with a medley of historic events and celebrations.