The Nets have until the end of Wednesday to decide whether to defer the first-round draft pick they got from Philadelphia. The sense around the league is that Brooklyn will kick the can down the road and opt to use the pick next year instead of this month — that is, if they use it at all. But they’ll have until 5 p.m. to let the NBA and the 76ers know their decision. After dealing away their own natural 2022, ’24 and ’26 first-round picks to Houston in the 2021 deal for James Harden, the Nets took a step toward replenishing that bare draft cupboard at this year’s trade deadline, getting back a pair of picks in the Harden trade to the 76ers. The earlier of the two is the one in question. Brooklyn got the 76ers unprotected first-rounder in the June 23 draft, to be held at Barclays Center. The pick turned out to be the 23rd-overall selection, which would be the highest they’ve made in years. Technically, the Nets took Saddiq Bey at No. 19 in 2020 and Nickeil Alexander-Walker No. 17 the year before, but both were in reality shipped out on draft-night trades. In actuality, Jarrett Allen — pick No. 22 in 2017 — was the last time the Nets had used a pick this high. There’s certainly no guarantee they will this year. Since arriving in Brooklyn, GM Sean Marks has usually been active on or in the days leading up to draft night. It wouldn’t be surprising if he stayed true to form. Brooklyn has worked out over two dozen projected first-rounders according to NetsDaily — including Ohio State’s Malaki Branham, LSU’s Tari Eason, Nebraska’s Bryce McGowens and North Carolina State’s Terquavion Smith, though Smith  told ESPN Tuesday that he plans to return to school. “We’re going through as if we’re trying to find somebody for this roster, for this team that can help us move forward with,” Marks said in May. “So obviously if we find a group that we think is going to be there, then we keep the pick. So that’s what we’re planning on right now. “This is a fun time of year for the front office and to have these discussions with the coaches when they’re out there and they’re evaluating, they’re scouting these young men to see who could potentially don a Nets uniform next year.” Despite the Nets’ disappointing seventh-place finish in the East, it seems unlikely to find a rotation piece at No. 23 on what they expect to be a championship contender. A rookie who’ll carry a $2.5 million cap hit and be hard-pressed to find minutes. It’s easy to see them not making the pick this season. Other than the taxpayer mid-level exception, a trade is Brooklyn’s best way to improve the roster. The pick (packaged along with one of their five trade exceptions) could be the best asset. But even just punting the pick to next season could be logical. It’s likely worth more if traded before the deadline passes, since the acquiring team would also get the same deferment option. But with time running short on that, most league personnel that spoke with The Post expect the Nets to defer. That in a way could be banking on Harden’s continued slide (he shot a career-worst 40.2 percent with Philadelphia), and hoping the 76ers end up worse in the standings. And even if they don’t, next year’s draft is projected to be deeper and better than this year’s.