Rapid delivery app Getir said Wednesday that it plans to cut 14% of its global workforce — but gave employees no detail on who’s getting the ax, leaving New York City store and delivery workers anxious and angry. Getir CEO Nazım Salur broke the news on a call with managers on Wednesday morning, a company source told The Post. But Salur gave no information who will be affected by the layoffs or when they will happen — a lack of detail the company source blasted as “ridiculous.” “Nobody knows what the hell is going on,” the source raged, adding they had no idea whether they were losing their job. “No clarity. No certainty on anything.” This year has been brutal for the rapid delivery app industry, which was flooded with venture capital cash in 2020 and 2021 and rapidly expanded in the five boroughs and in big cities around the world. The Getir layoffs come one day after a fast delivery rival, Gorillas, axed half of its corporate staff — around 300 employees globally. Gopuff, another rapid delivery service, laid off 3% of its workforce in April. Two other rapid delivery apps, Fridge No More and Buyk, folded following fundraising troubles in in March. The companies have also taken flak from local New York City politicians, who accuse them of flouting traffic and zoning laws while taking business away from beloved bodegas. Getir — which is based in Turkey and operates in nine countries including the US, UK and France — did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The company currently has an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 employees, according to startup data site Crunchbase. In a message to staff obtained by The Post, Getir’s US director of operations Langston Dugger wrote that “we are unfortunately moving forward with a ~14% staff reduction globally.” “We will be communicating how this impacts our operations team early next week,” Dugger added. “Thanks for everyone’s hard work and patience during these less certain times.” In the US, Getir currently operates in New York, Boston and Chicago. The company had been planning an expansion to Miami but that has been put on ice, the company source said. According to another internal memo obtained by TechCrunch, Getir’s leadership plans to “decrease spending on marketing investments, promotions and expansion” but does not plan to fully leave any of the nine countries where it operates.