A woman has revealed why she regrets getting her boobs done just two years after the surgery. We all make mistakes we later grow to regret in the future – and the British YouTube star, Millie Taylforth, is no exception. The 21-year-old, who first rose to fame a few years ago, got a boob job at 18 – but now, not even three years later, she’s come to realize that it had been a rushed decision. Millie took it to YouTube to share her experience and revealed why she regretted having gone under the knife. ”I think I was a bit too young to get it done,” she said at the start of the video. Now, 2.5 years later, the star wished she had educated herself better before the operation. Speaking to camera, Millie explained that after moving to London by herself aged 17, she gained ”a lot of weight’.’ ”It put me in such a bad place. I didn’t want to go out. I didn’t want to socialize with people. ”I avoided every mirror,” she opened up about her past struggles. But then Millie decided to gain her confidence back and became slimmer – however, the boobs also disappeared. ”They just weren’t sitting pretty like they used to. ”It was sad. Sad times.” Now left feeling insecure about the appearance of her boobs, Millie, 18 at the time, booked a consultation with an expert. ”I wanted to get mine done as soon as possible.” Explaining the lead-up to the big operation day, Millie said that whilst the professionals were nice, they did not provide the young woman with “too much advice.” ”So you have to go in there knowing exactly what it is that you want.” In the end, the both came to conclude that it would be the best if Millie went for an uplift and implants. ”They were so heavy. Like those implants weighed a lot and I actually didn’t deep the fact that that will be sat in my boobs. ”Gravity is obviously going to do its thing. They’re gonna drop a lot more than I wanted them to. ”You would never catch me wearing a low-cut dress with no support or bra on just because I don’t like the way that they look. ”If I’m already thinking this 2.5 years later after getting them done, what happens when gravity really starts to take form in, like, six or seven years?” After the surgery, which cost the star over $8,500, she said it felt as if the new boobs had been glued to her body. ”You can see and feel why it’s called ‘plastic surgery’ because they felt plastic.” However, gradually over the time, the implants began to drop and feel more ”unbelievably natural”. ”You would’ve never guessed that I’ve had a boob job. ”I don’t want them to look natural! I want them to look fake and plastic like how they were when I first got them done!” she confessed. In the video, she also shared a list of the things she regretted about her experience, including not having worn the aftercare bra. ”It was a risk I was willing to take. ”Don’t go to one place for your consultation – go to a few different places cause they all have different implants. ”If I was to go back and do it again, I’d find a place that had the lightest implants that was the most durable.” Reflecting on her past choices, Millie also revealed she wished she had had them done later. ”I feel like I wouldn’t have made the same mistakes if I had it done a few years later.” Despite the odd regret here and there, Millie said the new boobs made her feel more feminine and confident – something she was lacking at the time. ”My boob job kind of made me who I am today.” However, whilst the surgery may have contributed to the new, more true Millie, it didn’t come without a cost – not only is her nipple sensitivity down to 60 per cent, she also worried she wouldn’t be able to breastfeed in the future. ”I guess I’ll find out when I’m pregnant,” she said, explaining that those who’ve had their boobs done are left with a 50 per cent chance of being able to breastfeed. Fans took it to comments, with many thanking the star about opening up. ”So educational for young girls, well done Millie,” wrote one. ”You’re such an inspiration, I love how you’re educating people and are so open,” another added.