WASHINGTON — After watching their starting pitcher get stomped a night earlier, the Mets received a gift from Taijuan Walker on Thursday. Walker had bombed in his start against the Phillies last week — setting the stage for a memorable Mets comeback victory — and after Tylor Megill’s stinker Wednesday night was needed to provide at least quality, if not length, against the Nationals. The right-hander succeeded on both counts, firing seven shutout innings in the Mets’ 4-1 victory at Nationals Park that gave them a ninth series victory this season. In their only other series, the Mets (22-11) split four games with the Braves. Walker, in his sharpest performance of the season, allowed just three hits and walked one, departing after 85 efficient pitches. It was a contrast from Megill’s 1 ¹/₃-inning outing in which the Nationals scored eight runs. “The game plan was to go in and throw at least eight curveballs,” Walker said. “I feel like when I throw a lot of curveballs, at least 8-10 per game, it just slows them down, and I was throwing it for strikes and getting swings and ground balls, swings and misses, so we just kept throwing it.” Walker battled back tightness during the game but said it’s not a significant concern. Walker missed two starts last month because of bursitis in his right shoulder. Before Thursday he hadn’t pitched beyond the fifth inning this season. “The bullpen was used a little bit [Wednesday] night, so I wanted to go as deep as possible,” Walker said. “I was trying to go eight [innings], but seven was good, and I think just getting the up-downs now and my pitch count up … now after this outing I feel I should be good to go deep every game.” Goofy base-running by the Nationals allowed the Mets to record two outs at third base on the same play in the fourth. Juan Soto got caught in a rundown between second and third on Josh Bell’s grounder to Eduardo Escobar. After Walker covering third tagged out Soto in a collision, the pitcher, from his knees, threw to second attempting to nail Bell. His throw sailed into right field. Bell broke for third base and got thrown out by Starling Marte. “I was real proud of our guys getting involved in the rundown and Marte, that’s a play where I had to go get a coat on — I had chill bumps watching him, or maybe towel off,” manager Buck Showalter said. “That’s a play you talk about anticipating angles and throws and getting involved in the play whether it’s batted or thrown.” The Nationals didn’t score until the ninth, when Soto blasted a two-out homer against Edwin Diaz in a non-save situation. Mark Canha’s bloop two-run single in the first inning gave the Mets a 2-0 lead after Joan Adon had walked Brandon Nimmo, Francisco Lindor and Jeff McNeil to load the bases. Canha delivered with two outs to continue the Mets’ proficiency in such situations this season. “That inning kind of encapsulates what we do as an offense,” Canha said. “We put together good at-bats and we try to wear you down.” Tomas Nido stroked an RBI single in the fourth that extended the Mets’ lead to 3-0, after Canha reached on an infield single leading off the inning and J.D. Davis was hit by a pitch. Canha’s infield hit was the Mets’ 54th this season, which leads the major leagues.  Canha homered leading off the ninth to complete a 3-for-4 performance in which he drove in three runs. Canha was awarded the team’s offensive victory belt that is presented in the clubhouse to the team’s hitter of the game following a win. The pitchers have their own award. “What’s cool about this team is I feel all of the hitters have won the award at some point this year,” Canha said. “Someone different is always the hero and that has been the coolest part of this year.”