Rapper Young Thug was arrested in Atlanta on Monday and charged with two counts of gang-related activity, records show. The 30-year-old Grammy award-winning artist, whose real name is Jeffrey Lamar Williams, was booked into jail on Monday and charged with conspiracy to violate the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations [RICO] Act and participation in criminal street gang activity, according to Fulton County jail records. The RICO charge stems from alleged offenses committed in January 2013, while the gang activity charge is from 2018, records show. Details surrounding those charges have not been released. Young Thug was taken into custody by the Atlanta Police Department at a Buckhead mansion on Monday, Fox 5 Atlanta reported. The Fulton County District Attorney’s office did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for more information. Young Thug’s attorney, Brian Steel, told The Post that his client is innocent and expects him to be cleared of the charges leveled against him. “Mr. Williams has committed no violation of law, whatsoever,” Steel said. “We will fight this case ethically, legally and zealously. Mr. Williams will be cleared.” The rapper was arrested as a result of a 56-count grand jury indictment that named 28 associates connected to his label YSL [Young Slime Life/Young Stoner Life/Young Slatt Life]. Those named include rapper Gunna — whose true name is Sergio Kitchens, according to the indictment, obtained by WSBTV. Gunna was indicted on one count of conspiring to violate RICO. Law enforcement said YSL, which started in Atlanta around 2012, is affiliated with the Bloods gang, the outlet reported. Young Thug is a founding member, cops said. Young Thug was arrested in September 2017 and later charged with eight felonies, mostly drug-related — including possession and intent to distribute meth, hydrocodone and marijuana — as well as possession of a firearm. In 2018, he and members of his entourage were arrested after his 27th birthday bash at Dave and Buster’s when a car he was traveling in crashed into a police car. A subsequent search of the rapper’s vehicle revealed several firearms. Young Thug won a Grammy in 2019 as a songwriter on Childish Gambino’s “This is America.”