Don’t call it a collab — it’s Fendace. In the ultimate sartorial switcheroo, Fendi creatives Kim Jones and Silvia Venturini Fendi swapped spots with Donatella Versace, designing collections for each other’s houses. The new lines — Versace by Fendi, Fendi by Versace and their joint Fendace capsule — launched earlier this month, featuring styles that revel in both Italian brands’ flair for color, print and embellishment. Case in point? This iconic Fendi Baguette silhouette (in a micro-mini charm size), finished with a signature gold chain-link Versace strap (note the Fendi logo residing in between). The safety-pin detail is signature Versace, while the clasp boldly flashes Fendi. For true fashion fanatics, it’s a match made in heaven. With its ethos of “slow fashion,” American Eagle Outfitters’ new eco-friendly offshoot, Unsubscribed, has quickly built a robust list of fans — including Hilaria Baldwin. Launched online less than a year ago, the elevated basics brand has now opened the doors of its first flagship at 1190 Madison Ave. Alongside stylishly sustainable offerings, you’ll find lounge-inspired spaces that encourage shoppers to relax and indulge in a little socially responsible retail therapy. Cross the threshold of Mango’s new boutique at 711 Fifth Ave. and you’ll find yourself transported straight to the Mediterranean. A light-filled atrium gives way to three floors (and nearly 23,000 square feet) of the Barcelona-based brand’s signature colorful styles. Refresh your summer wardrobe with straw totes and prints that pop, or recycle past-season pieces at the eco-conscious store’s “Committed Boxes,” where cast-off garments and footwear are collected to be reimagined anew. (Sneaker)heads up! If you missed your chance at copping a $100,000-plus pair from the Louis Vuitton x Nike Air Force 1 by Virgil Abloh collab auction in February (talk about a shock drop), now’s your chance to bask in the glory of these Holy Grails. While hype-beasts and -baes won’t be able to officially get their kicks until the retail launch in June, you can now ogle all 47 pairs of the exclusive Uptowns (sneakerspeak for Air Force 1s) designed by the luxury house’s late creative director, Abloh. They’ll be on display at Vuitton’s interactive exhibition at the Greenpoint Terminal Warehouse through the end of May. Designer Jonathan Cohen has just launched his first pop-up (above), where fans can shop his signature floral frocks in person, now through June 14. Located at 833 Madison Ave., the two-story space is stocked with fresh cuts from his eponymous line, alongside exclusive, one-of-a-kind menswear offerings. Curated accessories, books and homeware from brands like Dempsey & Carroll and Assouline round out the offerings and bring his avant-garden-party aesthetic into full bloom.