Getting past the velvet rope at the city’s most exclusive clubs isn’t getting any easier, but New Yorkers are getting more savvy. One 30-something downtown p.r. gal has gone so far as to create a Google Doc with the names of the various doormen she’s befriended at popular venues like the Blond. “My friends and I love to hop from place to place when we go out in the city, but despise wasting time on long lines,” said the night owl, who asked to remain anonymous so as not to jeopardize her  social life. “A lot of the time it comes down to having a personal relationship with the doorman.” Meanwhile, Jordan Helms, 26, has racked up more than 28,000 followers on TikTok by sharing tips for getting into hot spots. “How you dress matters,” Helms said. “Have a style. Don’t wear denim, don’t wear sneakers.” Her other key suggestions include going out in small groups and being “confident and assertive” at the door. But the best advice for getting in comes straight from the source. We talked to some of the top doormen and women in town about how to get in and have a great time at their venues. 332 Lafayette St.; No phone, TempleBar.co The vibe: This chic Noho cocktail bar gained notoriety in the ’90s and reopened last fall after closing in 2017. It still has an exclusive air, with stars such as Cara Delevingne and Sienna Miller among its VIPs. The doorman: Disco, the nightlife legend who has run some of the city’s most exclusive doors — Bungalow 8, Don Hill’s, Chaos — for the past 25 years. His motto: “Don’t ruin a good time, have a good time.” What he’s looking for: Polite regulars and anyone with a “cool vibe.” “You want a mature, martini-drinking crowd,” Disco told The Post. “You want a crowd that wants to go in and enjoy themselves inside a venue without acting like knuckleheads. I can’t let in everyone who wants to come in. You gotta really know how to get the right people inside. I try to be nice and polite and people still want to give you feedback … it’s all about the way you carry yourself.” Hard no: Backwards hats, frat boy style, shorts unless “you dress it up,” people slurring their words. Pet peeves: Social media “influencers” who brag about their follower count in exchange for entry. “I look at them like they’re crazy. I ask, ‘Who are you?’ ” he said. Tips: Make a reservation — big groups won’t get in without one. Chat Disco up about sneakers (he’s a self-proclaimed sneakerhead), or try to buy him off with a slice of pizza or a Levain cookie. He’s been known to take such bait. 380 Canal St.; 646-448-4447; ThePalaceNYC.com The vibe: You can’t make an actual reservation at this intimate downtown lounge and nightclub full of Gen Zers and millennials dressed like “Euphoria” extras. (Stylist Kyle Luu, who works with Solange Knowles and Addison Rae, is a regular.) Its website does offer guests the opportunity to “make a table inquiry,” which means they’ll screen your social media accounts to see if you’re worthy of entry. The doorman: Dylan Grace, the 27-year-old decider of “cool” who cut his teeth at the sceney Surf Lodge in Montauk. “I look for people with distinctive looks, people who are dressed very well. We love high fashion,” Grace said, though labels aren’t everything: “It’s really about the type of energy they bring, having a good personality and really just looking the part.” His motto: “Bring your A game. Look good, and stand out.” What he’s looking for: “I’m pretty strict at the door with who I let in. We don’t do walk-ins per-se. Even with reservations we’re curious and interested in who’s booking and if they’ll fit in with the environment,” Grace said. He once denied someone entry for wearing shorts then watched them pay a guest exiting the Palace $100 for his pants just to get in. The “above and beyond” effort got the guy in. Another thing that might get you in: Being Irish or at least being able to talk about the Emerald Isle. Grace is from Ireland and can’t resist a little nostalgia. Hard no: “If someone is coming in Crocs, or sweatpants it’s an immediate ‘no.’ ” A large party of men is also unlikely to win him over. Pet peeves: Bribes. “It turns me off immediately. It makes me feel like I’m being bought. You can’t buy us,” Grace said. Tips: Show up early when the club opens around 11 p.m. Don’t bring a large entourage. 11 Howard St., 212-235-1111; 11Howard.com The vibe: This stylish spot within Soho’s 11 Howard hotel attracts couture-clad creatives, investors, musicians and visual artists who just want to let loose. Blue banquet seating is an intimate setting for tableside cocktails in the early evening, while later, there’s a packed dance floor with nightly DJs and two disco balls spinning. The doorman: Ronny Estrella, a fashion designer and art curator, known for wearing looks from designers like Comme des Garcons. His motto: “Be realistic and be yourself. Don’t ask me for a favor; I don’t know you.” What he’s looking for: “The days of who’s who, at least for now, are over,” Estrella said. “Personal style is key, and, due to my career in fashion and art, it can be a big deal to me. So if you come to the door, looking great; well dressed and with a point of view about style, we welcome that. It’s not the only determining factor by far, but an important one. Table reservations in advance are also strongly recommended.” A man in a Thom Brown suit would be very likely to pass muster. “If you take the time and energy to put on that gray flannel suit then you need to come party with us,” Estrella said. Hard no: People who don’t dress for the weather — if ankles and open toes are out and it’s winter, you’re out in the cold. Pet peeves: Walking up to the ropes and expecting to be let in without asking. Tips: If you can talk art, you have a decent chance of getting in. Estrella’s current obsession are painters Amaury Padilla and Edgar Bolanos and photographer Travis Matthews. He’s also a fan of Army & Navy surplus stores for an affordable find. “If I see you wearing a designer that I know you didn’t learn about on Instagram or TikTok or you are just wearing everything you have on, well, then: Yes, I see you and now let’s talk about it.” 305 Spring St.; 212-620-5220; PaulsCasablanca.com The vibe: Hundreds of hopefuls congregate rain or shine on weekends at this favorite spot, which is inspired by a Moroccan garden and owned by nightlife maven Paul Sevigny. The doorman: Fabrizio Brienza, an Italian model and actor seen on “Billions” and “Inventing Anna.” He said acting and working the exclusive door go hand-in-hand: “Every night out front is showtime for me. I get dressed up, I put on a show, I shake the hands and kiss the cheeks. It’s a lot like being onstage. I like to play my part like a superstar.” His motto: “If you have good energy, you’re ready to party.” What he’s looking for: Big personalities. “It’s not about how much money you have, or who you know. The sole determining factor is if you’ll make the room more sexy, more elegant, more fun, more … something. We like more,” Brienza said, adding: “A great sense of humor can definitely open up the rope. If someone makes me laugh, they’ll probably make someone inside laugh. We’re all about fun.” Hard no: Bribes and namedropping. “It never works. People will say ‘I’m friends with Paul.’  Everyone is ‘friends’ with Paul. His name’s on the door. This is [the] best when Paul is standing right there. And this happens more often than you’d imagine.” Pet peeves: “When I tell someone, a group of guys for example, it’s not going to happen, and they spend the night asking why and begging. It’s just not a good look. If we say it’s not going to happen tonight, it’s not going to happen,” Brienza said. Also annoying: “People coming out of the club to get their friends in. Once you’re in, have a good time, I’ll worry about the door.” Tip: Know who you’re talking to. “The best is when people come up and tell me they’re friends with Fabrizio,” he said. 190 Allen St.; 212-460-5100, MakeBelieveSixty.com The vibe: A rooftop social club atop the Sixty hotel on the Lower East Side where crop-top clad Gen Zers sip matcha-infused margaritas. With palm trees, hot pink velvet seating and neon lights it feels like an ’80s jungle. The doorman and woman: Allie Redmond, a Ford model, works day parties on weekends from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. She works alongside Daniel Pradieu who she calls “the muscles” behind the operation, making sure the door is secure at all times. Redmond’s motto: “Making connections is more important than trying to slip us money.” What she’s looking for: Green Bay Packers fans — Redmond grew up in Madison, Wis. — or anyone who shows up with her favorite snack: Wild Berry Skittles. Hard no: Baseball caps, sweats or shorts. Saying, “ ‘my friends are upstairs and they said it’s not that busy.’ ” Pet peeves: People sneaking into the hotel to get to the upstairs day party or people trying to bring their dogs — “it’s a little loud for them,” Redmond said. She also hates when guests she says “no” to turn to Pradieu. She’s the boss, and it’s still going to be a ‘no.’ Tip: Wait for a big group to walk out and ask nicely. “If we have a fun chill conversation and other people leave, I’ll try my best to let people up. At the end of the day we’re really not trying to be mean,” Redmond said.