Whatcha watching? At The Post, we are watching for Memorial Day TV sales, so don’t switch screens if you are in the market for a new one. Memorial Day is synonymous with sales, from furniture to fashion and everything in between. For tech, now is also the time to shop, as TV’s and other goodies are on markdown, some for the best prices you will see all summer. We scanned every outlet to find the best deals this Memorial Day 2022, and rounded up some options to fit every room and budget you may have. Read on for options from Best Buy, Amazon, Walmart and more, and then switch the channel to more Memorial Day sales including furniture, fashion and our master list of all sales. Get $590 off this Google 4K TV from Hisense. The television is sold at Best Buy and is a 75-inch size, perfect for movie marathons every night. Turn your home into a stunning, rotating museum with your TV. The Frame TV from Samsung is a work of art, letting you watch your shows and movies in 4K and then transforming into artwork when not in use. This TV is marked down an impressive $900, making it under $2,000 for 75-inches of high resolution streaming, with 8K as opposed to 4K. It’s a Roku TV, complete with Alexa voice command capabilities. Add some fire to your streaming with the Amazon Fire TV. For a limited time, the 50-inch television is marked down more than $100, now $340 while supplies last. You’ll flip for this deal. Save big on The Sero TV, which rotates to have both a horizontal and a vertical display. The screen is 43-inches long, or tall depending on how you look at things. Check out this LG television for 48 inches of bright, clear picture. The screen is a 4K OLED one, with Smart TV capabilities of not just one assistant but Alexa, Google Assistant and Siri Control. Count us in for $1000 off a brand new TV. This one is 75 inches and an Android TV, sold at either Walmart or Amazon for competitive pricing. For another shot at the coveted Frame TV, check out this version from B&H Photo and Video. This one is now $100 off, coming in the 32-inch size that is perfect for the living room or bedroom. Head to Best Buy for more TV savings. This 65-inch television is a Hisense A6 Series, with a 4K UHD picture for $350 off. Get smart and get this TV while it is on sale. Sold at Best Buy, the Insignia Class F30 TV is a whopping 70 inches, making for a great movie night at home. It is now $150 off the original price, making it a fire deal. Another Best Buy option for those that want the 75-inch screen on a discount. The Hisense TV has a 4K ULED screen and is an Android TV, complete with Game Mode Pro and voice controls, now $400 off. Save $500 with Sony this Memorial Day. The Sony TV has a 55-inch screen with 4K UHD resolution, and it also has Google Assistant built-in for voice commands when you lose the remote in the couch. Hey Alexa, get me this deal on a Toshiba TV. This option not only has Alexa built-in, but it is now half-off at Best Buy for Memorial Day. Marked down $400, the 55-inch TV has 4K resolution and a Game Mode for any gamers out there. Save some cash with Samsung on your side. This TV is now $100 off at Best Buy, coming in at $450 for a limited time. It has a 60-inch screen and is a Smart TV with Google Assistant, letting you change the channel, volume and more without a remote. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.