TORONTO — These days, it seems nothing can stop the Yankees — not even emerging Yankees-killer Alek Manoah. The Blue Jays’ right-hander retired 15 Yankees in a row at one point, but the Yankees rode a strong start from Jameson Taillon and a six-run outburst against Toronto’s shaky bullpen in the seventh to win their 11th straight, 9-1, at Rogers Centre on Tuesday night. The winning streak is now their second-longest since 1986, trailing only the 13-game stretch they had last August. The Yankees have also won 13 of 14 to open up a 3 ½-game lead on Toronto in the AL East, with a chance for a fourth-straight series sweep on Wednesday. Locked in a tight pitchers’ duel, the game was tied 1-1 until Manoah was finished after the sixth inning — the lone run coming on an Aaron Judge homer in the sixth. “We needed a little pop like that to get us going and we never looked back,” said Giancarlo Stanton, who also homered. The Yankees didn’t waste time in taking advantage of Manoah’s departure — which coincided with the rest of the Blue Jays falling apart. “That’s huge,” Stanton said of getting Manoah out of the game after 91 pitches. “Get into the pen and wear them down. Sooner or later, we’re gonna get them.” Stanton reached on a throwing error by Bo Bichette at shortstop to start the seventh inning against Adam Cimber and scored on Josh Donaldson’s double to the gap in left-center, giving the Yankees their first lead of the night. Marwin Gonzalez, in a rare start in left, faced Julian Merryweather and added another double to left-center to drive in Donaldson and make it 3-1. Isiah Kiner-Falefa reached on an infield single, played poorly by Bichette, as Gonzalez moved to third. Jose Trevino grounded to Vladimir Guerrero Jr. at first. Guerrero threw home to get Gonzalez in a rundown between home and third. Third baseman Matt Chapman eventually got the ball back to Guerrero, who was then covering home, and Gonzalez appeared to go outside the baseline to avoid a tag from Guerrero — who also looked to have tagged Gonzalez — but home-plate umpire Ron Kulpa missed the call and Gonzalez managed to score. Aaron Hicks followed with a single to left to knock in Kiner-Falefa and Judge delivered the Yankees’ third run-scoring double of the inning for a 7-1 lead. A two-run blast by Stanton in the ninth made it 9-1. Taillon matched Manoah until the Blue Jays finally broke through against the right-hander in the fifth. Alejandro Kirk started the rally with a one-out double to right. Taillon struck out Santiago Espinal for the second out before George Springer reached on a catcher’s interference by Trevino and Bichette singled to left to score Kirk from second. With runners on first and second, Guerrero grounded to second to keep it a one-run game. Following Rizzo’s first-inning single, Manoah retired 15 straight hitters before Hicks singled to left with one out in the sixth. With Judge at the plate, Hicks was thrown out trying to steal second. Judge answered with a rocket homer into the second deck in left to tie the game at 1-1. The 114 mph laser was Judge’s ninth of the year and came with Judge 0-for-10 with four strikeouts against Manoah in his career prior to the at-bat. The Yankees got Manoah out of the game after six innings. The right-hander now has a 1.52 ERA in four starts against the Yankees. Taillon, meanwhile, had his best start of the year, allowing just one run over six innings. “I knew if I just kept us in the game, guys would break out,” Taillon said. “The offense has been fun to watch the last couple weeks. Once the [seventh] inning started, it was fun to watch.” The Yankees are tied with the Mets for the best record in the majors at 18-6, exceeding many people’s expectations — but not Judge’s. “In my mind, [expectations] never changed since the first day of spring training,” Judge said. “I know what this team has and what it’s capable of.”