FAIRFAX, Va. — Jurors in Amber Heard and Johnny Depp’s bombshell trial Tuesday were played audio clips of the troubled couple’s foul-mouthed arguments — including one when the actress repeatedly tells Depp to “suck my d–k.” In a six-minute recording — in which both Depp and Heard are somewhat incoherent at times — the two have a bitter argument about their frayed relationship and hurl insults at one another. “Suck my d–k, suck my d–k,” Heard can be heard telling Depp on that tape. “You’re a f—ing kid yourself, I wish I hadn’t bought into any of the lies you sold.” In another clip, Heard accuses her then-husband of using his children, Jack and Lily-Rose, against her, telling him, “You’re making me see you worse.” The recordings — entered into evidence by Depp’s attorney during Heard’s cross-examination — appear to have been made as the pair’s tumultuous marriage was coming apart at the seams. “Talk about a fake bill of goods,” Heard says in the six-minute clip. “Talk about presenting yourself as something you’re not.” Depp, meanwhile, calls Heard a “spoiled f—ing brat.” The two take jabs at each other’s careers, with Heard calling Depp a joke and a “washed-up piece of s–t.” “Yeah, I’m the joke in the industry, Amber,” he replies dryly, adding, “Your jealously is so tragic.” Heard also takes aim at Depp’s iconic role in the 1980s TV show “21 Jump Street,” telling him: “Hey, at least I didn’t do, like, a teeny show where I’m a heartthrob. God, that would be, like, embarrassing.” He shouts back “Aquaman!” in a mocking tone, referring to Heard’s role in the blockbuster. The actress’s tone appears by turns taunting and mocking, and her expletive-laden tirade is often interrupted by bouts of wild laughter, which Depp calls out as “fake” and “disgusting.” Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial At one point in the fight, Heard tells Depp to leave, saying, “Is there no other place for you to run with your 15 other houses … go run to the next house.” Depp, 58, is suing Heard, 36, for $50 million, accusing her of defaming him by writing an op-ed piece in the Washington Post in 2018 describing herself as “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” After wrapping her direct testimony Monday, Heard returned to the stand to be grilled by Depp’s attorney Camille Vasquez about her claims of abuse. Vasquez, who led the cross-examination, played for the jury a second audio clip of another argument between the couple, this one revolving around the actor’s kids from his relationship with French star Vanessa Paradis, which ended in 2012. In the recording — the first few moments of which were inaudible — Heard apologizes to Depp for “screaming” at him in front of his kids, Lily-Rose, now 22, and Jack, now 20, during a trip to the Bahamas in December 2015. “I’m sorry I f—ed your kids up,” Heard says in the tense conversation. “It was pretty f—ing weird for them, you know?” Depp replies. A few second later, he fires back that he “doesn’t need [Heard’s] clever comebacks.” The conversation quickly deteriorated, and Heard accused Depp of using his children unfairly against her. “Your character has become so clear,” she can be heard saying. “Especially when you use [the kids]. “It’s gross how you’re using your kids,” she adds. “I’ve done nothing but be there for them in a good way.” With Post wires