Uvalde officials have canceled Tuesday’s planned City Council meeting where a local police chief — under fire for his handling of last week’s deadly school shooting — was set to be sworn in as a new member. School District Police Chief Pete Arredondo was elected to the council earlier this year — but has remained holed up in his home under police protection since he allegedly kept cops from entering a local elementary school for more than an hour last week while a teen shooter lay siege inside. Nineteen fourth-graders and two teachers ended up killed before the murderer was finally shot dead. “Our focus on Tuesday is on our families who lost loved ones,” the city said in a statement from Mayor Don McLaughlin and the council Monday. “We begin burying our children tomorrow, the innocent victims of last week’s murders at Robb Elementary School. The special City Council meeting will not take place as scheduled.” But the statement suggested that Arredondo would eventually be sworn in, saying there is no procedure for the city to prohibit him from ever taking office. “Pete Arredondo was duly elected to the City Council,” the statement said. “There is nothing in the City Charter, Election Code, or Texas Constitution that prohibits him from taking the oath of office. “To our knowledge, we are currently not aware of any investigation into Mr. Arredondo.” The chief’s swearing-in was scheduled to take place exactly one week after 18-year-old Salvador Ramos walked into Robb Elementary with an AR-15 assault rifle and launched his rampage. Arredondo has since come under heavy criticism for allegedly ordering police to remain outside the school for more than an hour while youngsters inside called 911 for help and frantic parents begged cops outside to storm the school. On Sunday, the Justice Department said it would conduct an independent probe of the police response to the mass shooting — at McLaughlin’s request. “I trust the assessment will be fair, transparent, and independent,” the mayor said in the statement Monday. “The victim’s families deserve answers, and the truth will be told.” The announcement to cancel Tuesday night’s council meeting comes as the first two wakes for the victims of the school massacre were being held.