Someone chucked an energy drink can close to Mayor Eric Adams while he was standing outside one of the city’s public housing facilities in Williamsburg on Friday. Adams was speaking with reporters outside a NYCHA building at 125 Taylor Street when a blue Nutrament can came whizzing out from the 21-story building, landing about 10 feet from the mayor. Adams was quickly whisked across the street to safety by his protective detail — led by the mayor’s younger brother Bernard. “They know that I am into health, so they threw me down a protein drink,” the mostly vegan mayor joked later in the afternoon at a separate event at NYPD headquarters. “I didn’t get a chance to thank them for their commitment to my nutritional health.” After Adams left the scene, a Post photographer spotted a member of Adams’ mayoral executive protection unit – Mike Hosek, also a detective in the Intelligence Bureau of the NYPD – favoring his right forearm. Hosek later confirmed he had been struck by the can. “I was standing two feet from the mayor, I just reacted. Thank God nothing happened to him. It could have been a disaster,” he told The Post. “We called right away for air mail and frisked the mayor across the street to safety,” the cop said, using a law enforcement term for when objects are thrown from the windows of a housing complex. “I feel no pain. Just bruised up, I’m going to put some ice on it,” Hosek added. “I hope they get whoever did this, it’s unacceptable.” No arrests had been made as of Friday evening, though the NYPD had requested access to surveillance videos from all the buildings in the complex to find out where the can came from. The department’s mayoral threat assessment unit was investigating the incident. Adams was announcing the completion of a $434 million renovation tied to nine public housing developments including 37 buildings and over 2,600 apartments home to more than 6,000 NYCHA residents. “While NYPD will do their due diligence, we have no reason to believe this item was aimed at the mayor,” Adams press secretary Fabien Levy told The Post in a statement. “The mayor continued his press gaggle, took pictures with individuals present, talked with others, and then walked across the street to speak with more New Yorkers. He departed as scheduled and without incident.” NYPD Housing Chief Jeffrey Maddrey was at the scene and spoke briefly with the mayor, who was overheard telling the chief to “be patient” as the city braces for an uptick of violence during this weekend’s heat wave.