She’s setting the bar high! Wining and dining will be a must for any man interested in dating a TikToker temptress, known only as Hannah, who’s going viral after announcing her “network” dating scheme, in which she’ll have a revolving door of men treat her and a group of friends to free drinks and dinners all through the summer. “This is your sign to start saying yes to dates and to start a summer dating roster,” Hannah, from Texas, penned in the captions of her trending dating tip clip. Her own controversial footage has fetched well over a half-million views — while the #Roster hashtag has racked up a startling 134.6 million views across the TikTok streaming platform. “I have [five] dates with [five] different guys planned in the next two weeks just to network for my roster so I’ll have plenty of plans this summer and men to buy me and my friends drinks during our feral club rat benders,” the trendsetter said. In a separate post, the sassy sandy-blonde copped to keeping track of her merry-go-round of gentlemen callers — most of whom she’s believed to be meeting on dating apps like Hinge and Bumble — in a special folder labeled “Dating” in the Notes app of her iPhone. “Yes, I did start a ‘Dating’ folder in my notes app to keep a dating schedule and keep a note on how each one goes,” she wrote. Elsewhere, Hannah detailed her method of network-dating, explaining that she’ll be: “Saying yes to [dating] guys who seem serious,” and “Only accepting dates that fit my current standards,” via her in-video text. And the lucky guys who find themselves footing the bill for the outings shouldn’t hold their breath hoping for a post-date hookup. “Staying celibate (because I get too attached when I have [sexy] time),” Hannah continued of her strategy. “Casually dating until I find someone I want to be exclusive with,” she added, alongside “Being open to men that aren’t usually my type,” and “Openly communicating my expectations.” Hannah crowned her circulating clips with the hashtag “roster” — a TikTok category under which more than 130 million users are also divulging their own, very similar multipartner romance tactics — and her online followers are going wild for her pointers on scoring free booze and grub. “It’s a cycle of get free food, eat leftovers for 1-2 days, then replenish food w another date. Perfectly plotted,” cheered a commentator. “This is literally what dating should be. there shouldn’t be any commitment until you’re labeled as [girlfriend and boyfriend] or other. It’s courting,” said another. However, a handful of cyber cynics chimed in with criticisms. “Yea I get the free drinks and all but half of it isn’t even worth it to put up with a lot of these ‘men.’ It gets draining and exhausting,” argued one naysayer. “My feral rat summer just abruptly ended due to Roe vs Wade being overturned,” added another, suggesting that the Supreme Court’s expected ruling to allow individual states to decide whether and when abortions would be legal might hamper her plans for dating without restraint. And Hannah concurred, saying: “Agreed!! I’m using it as motivation that [men] absolutely should pay for everything and treat women with respect.” Hannah did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment.