Ever wish you could feel as pampered as your pet? Now, you can at least sleep like a dog with this new human-sized pet bed, thanks to a pair of university students from Vancouver, Canada, who were so jealous of their pets that they decided to do something about it. Noah Silverman and Yuki Kinoshita co-founded Plufl, designers of giant dog beds, but for people. “Why should dogs have all the fun?” they ask, as part of their fund-raising campaign. With over $290,000 raised by supporters who wish to see the company succeed, their coveted invention is steadily trending on social media. On TikTok, one ad for the Plufl has 9.5 million views so far, with fans agreeing it’s a “dream” come true. “Not a want, it’s a need,” wrote one. Added another, “If I purchased this, I would never leave it.” Even a bona fide pet expert gave the cushion two paws up. “As someone who works at a vet clinic and takes naps on the huge dog bed instead of the couch during night shifts I highly approve,” they declared. Some have balked at the expense, with one priced at $399 while their campaign on Kickstarter is ongoing. According to the brand, “Our price reflects the cost of producing Plufls using ethical production and sustainable materials.” The cozy crib is made of 4-inch-thick, orthopedic memory foam, covered in plush faux fur and shaped with a body-hugging design. The machine-washable cot weighs in at a hefty 20 pounds and measures a little more than 5.5-feet long and 3-feet wide — just big enough for one or two adult-sized humans to curl up into, the makers claim. Building on the current model, they hope to launch multiple sizes to cradle any human frame. “It is created to maximize comfort and foster a sense of security, delivering relief for those who have ADHD, stress and anxiety-related issues,” the creators have claimed. Kinoshita and Silverman said they were inspired by their friend, Lady, an affable Great Dane who regularly appears at their favorite coffee shop, reported South West News Service. The breed can reach nearly 3-feet tall and weigh as much as 200 pounds, and thus requires an outsized custom-made bed. They’re also big believers in the power of naps. It’s proven that ample sleep, sometimes achieved with supplemental daytime Zs, helps regulate cortisol — the stress hormone — levels and boost productivity and alertness, compared to those deprived of rest. And they’re right to assume there’s a big market waiting for the perfect excuse to hit the nap sack — as an estimated 65% of Americans have claimed that restorative sleep eludes them. That’s why, Pflufl’s inventors said, their nap sack is “an investment in your productivity and well-being.”