Officials in a Brazillian town may have found the oldest person in the world. Maria Gomes dos Reis was reportedly born in the Bom Jesus da Lapa village of Bela Vista in Brazil on June 16, 1900 — which would make her 121. A mobile medical team was sent to her home to assist her when they found a birth certificate apparently verifying her miraculously old age, according to Brazilian news outlet G1. Maria has 13 great-grandchildren and six great-great-grandchildren. She may even live long enough to see a fifth generation, as another baby is allegedly on the way in her family. She still lives in her hometown in northeastern Brazil with her granddaughter, Célia Gomes, who takes care of her and shared that her grandmother continued cooking, doing laundry and attending Mass until eight years ago. According to Guinness World Records, the oldest person in the world is 118-year-old French nun Lucile Randon, who was born Feb. 11, 1904. In order for Maria to be officially recognized as the oldest person by Guinness, her family would need to pay 4,000 Brazilian reais — about $800 — and provide legal documentation confirming her age. The Post has reached out for comment from Guinness. “We know she has advanced age,” her granddaughter Célia said. “But knowing that she is the oldest in the world? Even we are amazed.” Maria’s life now revolves around caring for her bedridden grandmother. “She raised her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. She took care of everything. She was really active until recently, she cooked, washed clothes,” Célia said. But at 121, Maria is now incapable of taking care of herself. “I put food in her mouth, we have to do everything, change her underwear. My life is summed up by my taking care of her,” Célia explained. Two of Maria’s great-granddaughters, Vitória Stefani and Ivanilde Gomes, also take turns helping to care for her on a daily basis. “She is still aware of many things. She talks to us,” Stefani said. “Sometimes she forgets who she is. Now more than often she is not remembering.” However, Ivanilde remembers the encouragement her great-grandmother always gave her from the time she moved in with her at 6 years old. “I never lacked anything, and she always said the same phrase, which I always keep with me: ‘Go study, girl,’ ” she said. “If today I manage to graduate, it is thanks to the encouragement I got from my great-grandma.”