Fox executives say they have “absolutely no regrets” about casting former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani in “The Masked Singer” — a move which prompted judge Ken Jeong to storm off the stage in protest. Rob Wade, the president of alternative entertainment and specials at Fox Entertainment, reportedly told journalists that Giuliani’s appearance was one of the show’s “jaw dropping moments.” “Yeah, absolutely no regrets,” Wade is quoted as saying by Variety. He spoke during a conference call on Monday announcing the network’s new fall lineup. “The marketing is all about delivering jaw dropping moments, which is exactly what the casting accomplished,” he said. “And whether it was on set or with the viewers at home I suppose my only regret or surprise was obviously the reveal was spoiled [by the press], but kudos to you guys. Just please don’t do it again. Thanks a lot.” Fox Entertainment is a division of the Fox Corporation, which is the sister company of The Post’s owner, News Corp. Giuliani revealed himself to be the masked singer who belted out a version of George Thorogood’s hit “Bad to the Bone” during a taping of the show, which aired on Fox on April 20. The segment was taped months ago and was leaked to the press well in advance of the recent airing on national television. Some crowd members gasped in disbelief as the panelists struggled to identify the contestant as the man who spearheaded an effort to overturn the 2020 presidential election. “Is that Robert Duval?” judge Nicole Scherzinger asked. “No … that’s not Robert Duval,” Jeong replied, clearly unamused. “I broke a thousand hearts before I met you. I’ll break a thousand more, baby, before I am through,” the thrice-divorced former New York City mayor squawked. “It can’t get badder than that,” judge Robin Thicke quipped about the jarring rendition. Not everyone onstage was taken aback. Scherzinger and fellow judge Jenny McCarthy enthusiastically applauded Giuliani and danced to his version of “Bone” as the credits rolled. The Republican told host Nick Cannon he was inspired to be on the show to set an example for his new grandchild, the daughter of New York GOP gubernatorial candidate Andrew Giuliani. “I just had a granddaughter, Grace, and I want her to know that you should try everything, even the things that are completely unlike you and unlikely — and I can’t think of anything more unlike me and unlikely than this,” Giuliani explained. In the wake of the 2020 presidential election, Giuliani repeated unproven conspiracy theories and called for “trial by combat” to overturn the legitimate election results. His law license was suspended in New York by judges who determined that he made “false and misleading statements” related to voter fraud. The show gave a clue about Giuliani’s identity by referencing Four Seasons Landscaping — a Philadelphia gardening company where Giuliani infamously held a post-election press conference when it was booked instead of the Four Seasons hotel.