If you’ve completed all of the puzzles stashed away in your cabinet and are looking for a few new additions, we have the perfect new pick for you. Whether you’re into tropical beach scenes, a winter wonderland, a flower market in Paris, “Star Wars,” “Harry Potter,” space or succulents, we can guarantee you’ll find a puzzle you’ll love on our list. Plus, we also include options from Jiggy — a brand that curated works from female artists into jig-saw puzzles and world-renowned photographer, Gray Malin, who turned a handful of his most popular photos into puzzles, too. The below options also range in piece count, giving you the freedom to challenge yourself or take it slow. And if you’re a puzzle-lover, chances are you love board games just as much. So be sure to check out our board games roundup as well! This Gray Malin puzzle not only features fantastic photography, but you get a two-for-one deal, too! It includes two awe-inspiring aerial photos of gorgeous Hawaiian beaches that are bound to make you yearn for a tropical vacation. Jump into summer with this artist-made puzzle from Jiggy that displays a pool with geometric tiles and greenery. If you love astrology, you’ll definitely enjoy building this colorful jigsaw puzzle with 1,000 pieces. The stunning colors and details make it all the better. Blossom your puzzle-making skills with this gorgeous 1,500 floral puzzle. Not to mention, it’s also the brand’s biggest puzzle to date. If you consider yourself a plant parent, you’ll totally appreciate this colorful succulent puzzle made by Buffalo Games. While you may not be able to spend time with George and Amal in Italy just yet, you can certainly enjoy making this Lake Como puzzle until you can. Calling all animal lovers! This Narwhall-themed puzzle is so beautiful you’ll be eager to hang it up in your home as soon as you’re done putting it together. Nothing says “Hello Summer!’ quite like this puzzle does. This popsicle and ice cream-themed puzzle is the perfect jig-saw to put together in your backyard underneath an umbrella. Celebrate a century of suffrage by building this beautifully illustrated circle of voting-rights champions, from Hester C. Jeffrey to Elizabeth Cady Stanton to Frederick Douglass. Immerse yourself in the beauty of a blue lake and mountain scene in Vancouver, Canada, as you put together this 1,000-piece jigsaw puzzle. While this USA puzzle is certainly a challenge, you’ll love learning new facts about each state as you find each piece, as it it comes with a fact sheet filled with interesting tidbits. The colors in this chic puzzle from Jiggy are bound to make you smile. Calling all “Star Wars” fans! If you still can’t get enough of the adorable Baby Yoda, then you should totally consider this “Mandalorian” 500-piece puzzle. If you’re a Potterhead and don’t already own this classic “Harry Potter” 550-piece puzzle, you definitely need to get your hands on it. If you love trying new beers and take pride in your perfume collection, this is definitely the best option for you! This set comes with two 1,000-piece jigsaw puzzles that feature trendy perfume bottles and different types of craft-beer bottles. Transport yourself to the dreamy desert with this colorful Jiggy puzzle that features hills, cacti, jaguars and more. If you love birds, there’s nothing more peaceful than a hummingbird garden. Bring yourself the ultimate joy with this puzzle. To change things up a bit, go for this Geode puzzle from UncommonGoods. It’s not only gorgeous but also super challenging for the brain. This Gray Malin puzzle is perfect for snow lovers. It features two birds-eye view photos taken from a doorless helicopter. One side includes a beautiful winter wonderland filled with large pine trees, and the other features a colorful scene of skiers on crisp white snow. The Amalfi Coast is one of the most beautiful places in the world but until you can book a trip there, enjoy this scenic image from Positano. From Acadia to Zion and all points in between, the United States is home to more than 400 breathtakingly beautiful protected landscapes. Enjoy these destinations from the comforts of your own home with this 1,000-piece puzzle. Enjoy building a fun and colorful 800 piece puzzle perfect for displaying. The puzzle also comes in a reusable glass jar. Bring the city of love right to your living room with this gorgeous scene of the Eiffel Tower and a the French city of Paris. This 1,000-piece puzzle by BetterCo. features a vibrant photo of the Milky Way shot from NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope. It includes bright colors like purple, blue, orange, red and yellow dotting the galaxy. Plant yourself in front of this 1,000-piece puzzle for endless moments of challenging and cooperative fun. It’s a great brainteaser and makes a retro-styled, botanical art piece to display anywhere in your home once you’re finished. If you take pride in your birthplace or you’re looking for the perfect gift for a loved one, consider buying this hometown-themed custom puzzle from L.L. Bean. This busy and bright orca puzzle is perfect for the sea-animal lover! It features bright and sparkly fireworks, friendly killer whales and tropical fish. This set of four 500-piece puzzles is for the Disney fan. It features scenes from “Aladdin,” “Beauty and the Beast,” “The Little Mermaid” and “Winnie the Pooh.” Travel the world without leaving your home with this whimsical, map-inspired puzzle from Rifle Paper Co. It’s a great option for the person who is stuck in wanderlust since you can explore cities like New York, Tokyo and beyond. Add some wonder to your life with this colorful, abstract puzzle that features a plant shop and a black lab. If you love sea animals, you won’t be able to resist this underwater puzzle filled with sea turtles, beautiful coral and colorful tropical fish. If you love eating food just as much as you like looking at it, consider buying one of these Piecework Puzzles filled with breakfast food, spaghetti, fruit and more. For more recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.