The miracle of childbirth was stolen from one young woman. Amy Fleming of Surrey, England, was stunned to learn she had gone through menopause at the age of 27 — and left heartbroken by the likelihood that she’ll never be able to conceive children. Fleming, now 29, stopped menstruating shortly after surgeons removed two large cysts from her ovaries in 2020 — the same year she was married. The freelance marketer, who had only just tied the knot to her new husband, began experiencing extreme symptoms of menopause shortly after the operation. “The lowered estrogen levels brought on hot [flashes], mind fog, night sweats, anxiety, hair loss, weight gain, achy joints, insomnia and tearfulness, to name a few,” Fleming candidly told Caters News Agency. “My periods didn’t return … and I couldn’t function in my day to day life.” The Brit began to experience severe abdominal pain in April 2019 that medics initially believed to have been caused by irritable bowel syndrome. But a CT scan performed the following year determined that Fleming had a 7-inch cyst on her right ovary. “My ovary had twisted on itself four times, because of the weight of the cyst,” she said. “I knew my right ovary was going to be removed.” “The trauma from the ovarian cysts and surgery is the reason behind my early menopause,” Fleming continued, going on to explain how she was ultimately diagnosed with primary ovarian insufficiency. The Mayo Clinic states that the condition causes “the ovaries stop functioning as they should before age 40, failing to produce typical amounts of the hormone estrogen or release eggs regularly.” The progression of the disease often leads to infertility. It’s considered rare in the US, with fewer than 200,000 cases diagnosed each year. Fleming highlighted that an estimated 5% to 10% of women with POI are still able to conceive naturally, but she does not believe herself to be among the lucky few. “Scans and tests have shown that the trauma to my [right] ovary is too much and that my remaining ovary has already shrunken in size in just a year,” she said. “For my own mental health, I’ve had to come to terms with not being able to have my own children.” Now, Fleming is speaking out about her experience to break the stigma and silence surrounding early menopause. “I never thought I would be going through the menopause, grieving the loss of my fertility and going through it before 30 but now that I am, I want to raise awareness of it and break the taboo,” she said, defiantly. Fleming is the rare woman to candidly discuss premature menopause in the public eye. Back in 2012, a British woman named Amanda Lewis spoke out about going through menopause at 13 — just six months after her first period. Her case documents what is believed to be the youngest age at which any woman in the UK has gone through menopause. It’s rare for anyone to experience menopause prior to turning 40, with most cases induced through treatments like chemotherapy for cancer. Naturally occurring menopause that happens before age 45 is called “early menopause,” and affects about 5% of the female population.