At least Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau knows for sure where Kemba Walker will be this week. The NBA announced Walker will participate as a coach Wednesday through Saturday at the league’s “Basketball Without Borders Europe 2022” camp in Milan, Italy. Walker will also be joined by Knicks assistant Johnnie Bryant. When Walker was banished from the Knicks’ rotation in late November, he cited Bryant as being extremely supportive after Thibodeau’s harsh decision. The camp consists of 62 top high-schoolers from 24 European countries, who will learn from NBA and WNBA players and coaches. Since quitting the Knicks at the All-Star break, Walker has remained under contract, but there have been no sightings of the 32-year-old point guard. The Knicks announced Walker was going to be shut down to continue rehab on his arthritic left knee, but Thibodeau had said repeatedly he hadn’t seen the four-time All-Star at the Tarrytown facility. The Post reported Walker spent most of his training time at his former home in Charlotte, N.C. Though under contract, the Bronx native’s future is not expected to be with the Knicks. Walker’s preference has been for a buyout, but the Knicks view his $9 million expiring contract as a trade chip. Last August, Walker signed a two-year, $18 million contract in a feel-good homecoming story, but things quickly soured. Walker’s plus-minus was the worst on the team and Thibodeau grew disenchanted with his defense. The Post previously reported the Knicks analytics staff pushed the Walker signing when the franchise passed on free agents such as Lonzo Ball, Kyle Lowry, Spencer Dinwiddie, Dennis Schroeder, Reggie Jackson and Cam Payne. According to one source, the analytics department had one argument to support Walker’s defense, demonstrating he took more charges than Lowry in 2020-21. While Walker has a knack for seeing a drive develop and selling charges to the officiating, the former Connecticut star didn’t show the Knicks’ coaching staff enough mobility as a perimeter defender to keep him on the floor down the stretch. In 37 games, Walker was adequate on offense, averaging 11.6 points on 36.7 percent shooting from 3-point range. But he didn’t show the same explosion to the rim that made him a four-time All-Star. Walker and Knicks president Leon Rose mutually agreed to part ways as the veteran guard sensed he would be out of the rotation again with the planned return of Derrick Rose, which never happened. Walker was signed by the Knicks just days after he was waived by the Thunder. Brad Stevens’ first move as Celtics president last June was trading Walker to Oklahoma City in a salary dump that netted Al Horford, a move that has helped Boston reach the NBA Finals.