In yet another bid to pin a horrific mass shooting on the opposition, Democrats and their media allies now claim “replacement theory” is a core value of the modern GOP. Replacement theory, which inspired Buffalo shooter Peyton Gendron, imagines a sinister cabal of Jewish financiers and leftist politicians is undermining America’s white majority to win elections for Democrats and transform the country. No less than The New York Times sounded the alarm: Its straw-grasping article, for example, falsely smeared New York’s Rep. Elise Stefanik because of her criticism of Biden’s immigration policies. Then it had to reach to Arizona Republican state Sen. Wendy Rogers — a fringe figure censured in March by other Republicans for her bizarre statements. The real bête noire here is Tucker Carlson, who the Times and others insist amplifies these ideas on his Fox show. Funny: The shooter’s manifesto fingers Fox as a tentacle of that same anti-white conspiracy. And the larger claim that US demographic change boosts Democrats has been standard among Democrats for years. Left-liberal analysts John Judis and Ruy Teixeira made the case in their influential 2002 book “The Emerging Democratic Majority.” Civil rights attorney Steve Phillips argued similarly in his 2016 best-seller “Brown Is the New White.” Sen. Dick Durbin felt comfortable saying just last summer, “The demographics of America are not on the side of the Republican Party.” Heck, Joe Biden in 2015 stated that, starting in 2017, “fewer than 50% of the people in America . . . will be white European stock” and adding, “that’s a source of our strength.” The kicker: Of late, black, Asian and especially Hispanic voters have started pulling the GOP lever in droves as Democrats tilt ever-more left on crime, the economy and divisive social issues. Hard to explain that if the GOP is so wedded to stifling the political dreams of minorities. This demographic shift has national Dems headed into an electoral wood-chipper in November. Hence the left’s desperate seizure on this hideous crime to try scaring voters back into the fold.