The NBA has made a “quiet” return to state-run TV in China for this year’s playoffs after being off-air there for roughly three years. That’s according a new ESPN story by Mark Fainaru-Wada and Steve Fainaru, who also report that NBA owners collectively have over $10 billion in asset exposure to China — in addition to the $5 billion of NBA business in the country. The NBA declined to make commissioner Adam Silver or deputy commissioner Mark Tatum available to ESPN for comment, but sent a statement from league PR. “We continue to believe that exporting media rights of NBA games to fans in more than 200 countries and territories around the world, including China, is consistent with our mission to inspire and connect people everywhere through the power of basketball,” NBA spokesman Mike Bass told the outlet in a statement. The NBA has been off China’s state-run TV network since October of 2019 when then-Rockets GM Daryl Morey tweeted, “Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong.” The tweet ultimately cost the NBA potentially hundreds of millions of dollars. ESPN’s story this week identified several owners with considerable financial exposure in China. Nets owner Joe Tsai, the executive vice chairman of Chinese firm Alibaba, has 53.5 percent of his wealth tied to China. Other owners named with big business in China included the Heat’s Micky Arison, the Grizzlies’ Robert Pera, the Sixers’ Josh Harris and the Rockets’ Tilman Fertitta. Michael Jordan, who owns the Hornets, also has an enormous brand in China through his affiliation with Nike’s Jordan Brand. The story examines the dichotomy between the social justice messaging of the NBA league itself, plus its owners and players, about issues in America while declining to risk losing big business in China by speaking out against human rights atrocities happening there. There will be further complicated dynamics at play if China ultimately invades Taiwan as Russia did with Ukraine, as Arison’s Carnival cruise business has a joint venture with China State Shipbuilding Corp., which reportedly has ties to the Chinese military. “Nobody really wants their name associated with China, but what can they do?” attorney Dan Harris, who represents a number of companies who do business in China, told ESPN. “They’re sort of betwixt and between. If they say what Americans want them to say, it’s death in China. If they say what China wants, it’s death in America.”