From jaw-dropping amenities and palatial rentals to a bayside shopping blitz, the Hamptons real estate scene is buzzier than ever. (And also more expensive — see the Bridgehampton estate below that’s asking $1 million for a three-week rental this summer.) Here are few of the luxurious trends we’re following this season. Still looking for a mega-à-terre out East? If you’ve got a million bucks to spare, these big-ticket rentals are still on the market for summer 2022 (or at least portions of it). “Rentals in the Hamptons, noticeably at the high-end, are quickly picking up steam. Now, many — but not all — of the most spectacular properties have found renters,” says Corcoran’s Gary DePersia. His top available listing is 277 Surfside Drive in Bridgehampton. Perched on 125 feet of cerulean blue ocean waves, the house sprawls out across more than 11,000 square feet of living space, with nine bedrooms and 10 full bathrooms. Even better, there’s a 3,450-square-foot deck with a pool, spa and a pavilion. There’s also a gym, a golf simulator and a media room. It’s asking $1.25 million for either all of July or August through Labor Day. Yet another hot ticket is on the market at 155 Surfside Drive. This newly listed modern manor is asking $1 million for Aug. 22 through Labor Day. Bragging rights for this 10,000-square-foot, eight-bedroom abode include a chef’s kitchen, gunite pool and rooftop vistas that will melt your camera’s soul. “While it is very late in the game to snag a trophy property, the views are spectacular, it is highly amenitized and it is one of the last available oceanfront properties for rent this season,” notes listing agent J.B. Andreassi with Nest Seekers International, a star of “Selling the Hamptons” on Discovery+. Round out your Bridgehampton summer scouting with the seven-bedroom, 10-bathroom, 11,000-square-foot 279 Dune Road. Represented by Corcoran’s Susan Breitenbach and Cutter Koster, the gem has expansive Mecox Bay views to the north and the Atlantic to the south. Snag it for $1.5 million from Memorial Day to Labor Day, $675,000 for July, or $750,000 for August to Labor Day. It’s better on the bay — at least according to agents. “With waterfront pricing up by 20% to 30% throughout the Hamptons, we are seeing many buyers now priced out of the oceanfront market looking for opportunities on the bay,” Douglas Elliman’s Enzo Morabito tells Alexa. “We’ve seen tremendous growth in bayfront pricing with several record-breaking sales set already this year.” His team recently closed on the highest-priced bayfront sale in Quogue at $10.9 million, and he just listed an East Hampton waterfront compound consisting of 63, 66, 72 and 74 Louse Point Road for $20 million. The four-lot estate totals over 4 acres and boasts 250 feet of beach. While there are several buildings throughout the grounds, the main house has nine bedrooms and eight bathrooms. Designed by architect Bill Chaleff, the 6,500-square-foot mansion boasts an octagonal breakfast room, formal dining, bay views aplenty and a gunite pool. Over on Shinnecock Bay, another coveted hideaway at 1 Boatmans Lane in Southampton is asking $35 million with Corcoran’s Tim Davis. The 5,152-square-foot traditional colony-style cottage has six beds and seven baths plus perks that include a tennis court, pool and the ultimate bayfront necessity — a dock. In Sagaponack on Sagg Pond, which leads to the Atlantic Ocean, 443 Sagaponack Road is hoping to secure $12.95 million with Corcoran’s Cutter Koster and Susan Breitenbach. It has six bedrooms and seven bathrooms spread over 6,500 square feet and ritzy stylings that include loads of millwork, cherry-wood floors, three fireplaces, a paneled library and a 200-foot private dock. “Bayside living can also offer more privacy versus residing in a home that faces a public beach, [plus] many bayfront homes are closer to charming village areas,” said Breitenbach. Better still, the bayfront gets the best sunsets in the Hamptons. Remember when a pool and a view was enough? No more. Buyers ponying up major moolah for their Hamptons homes also have a kitchen-sink approach to amenities, demanding everything from pickleball courts to at-home spas. Benjamin Dixon, co-founder of the Mackay Dixon Team at Douglas Elliman, has watched this trend rise through the pandemic. “More buyers want to spend more time at home but still be able to enjoy activities without feeling cooped up,” he says. Just look at a listing like 315 Rose Hill Road in Water Mill, which is on the market for $37 million with Enzo Morabito of Douglas Elliman. The eight-bedroom, 11-bathroom, 19,296-square-foot megahome weighs in with a gym, a tennis court, a theater, a library, seven fireplaces, a game room, a wine cellar, a spa and an outdoor kitchen with a firepit. There’s even a catering prep kitchen and bakery for all those ragers you’ll throw. With your own grand entrance replete with a rotunda and a cast bronze double-sided staircase topped by a 19th-century stained-glass skylight, why step outside this waterfront oasis unless you’re headed to the infinity-edge pool (of course) or to your private dock on Mecox Bay? Another spread gunning for the “ultimate compound” trophy rests at 160 Ox Pasture Road in Southampton, listed with Corcoran’s Tim Davis for $69.95 million. The 12-bed, 15-bath, 18,000-square-foot property boasts outdoor and indoor pools (with waterfalls and a slide), spa, tennis court, paddle court, two pavilions with full kitchens and a carriage house with a connecting greenhouse. For less sticker shock, try East Hampton’s 534 Hands Creek Road, asking $9.5 million with Douglas Elliman’s Martha Gundersen and Paul Brennan, or their 871 Sagaponack Main St. listing in Sagaponack, seeking $12 million. The former — six-bedroom, nine-bathroom, 10,000-square-foot playground — lets you laze in the luxury of a pool pergola, free-standing hot tub, bocce court, billiards room and wine-tasting room, while the latter listing — a four-bedroom, three-bathroom, 3,700-square-foot beauty — has a squash court, an artist studio and an additional barn just waiting to be transformed into whatever your stay-at-home heart desires.