Wayne Chrebet was No. 3 when it all began in 1995, a long shot free-agent dreamer out of Hofstra who had rooted for those Lawrence Taylor-Phil Simms-Harry Carson Giants while growing up in Garfield, N.J. All these years later, Chrebet is the Jets legend who knows what it feels like and sounds like when New York embraces and loves you — as can happen for tight end Jeremy Ruckert, the Kid From Lindenhurst, L.I., whom the Jets drafted in the third round last month. “I just felt like I had to show that I belonged, just kind of stay under the radar and prove myself and obviously just try to earn a spot,” Chrebet said. One one-on-one rep at a time, one practice at a time, No. 3 began to feel the affection from the Jets’ crowd at Hofstra grow. “I started going over the fence doing autographs, and slowly gained a following,” Chrebet said. A following that grew and cheered him on … for 11 years. “We’re rooting for ya,” Chrebet started to hear. “You’re gonna make it!” A former Jets underdog running back out of Kutztown State named Bruce Harper, No. 42, looked at Chrebet and saw honesty. “Then meeting people like Bruce Harper telling me that I’m his guy, the old Jet players are rooting for me,” Chrebet said, “it just felt good, you know?” Chrebet didn’t only have to convince Jets head coach Rich Kotite that he was a football player. First, he had to convince Hofstra security guard Harry Fisher one day. “I came from class, I always wore my hat low, felt more comfortable that way,” Chrebet said. “I was trying to explain to him I had practice and meetings and stuff like that. I just looked like a college kid with the hat low and backpack.” Chrebet fed off the Jets’ fans. “It just seemed like I was starting to get louder cheers than the other guys,” he said. “It became contagious that every practice or every week I was improving and getting more chances, and people loved that.” The love moved over to Giants Stadium when Chrebet made his move in the third preseason game, against the Giants. “Figured that was like my Last Dance kind of thing,” Chrebet said. Kotite sent Chrebet in to dance with Boomer Esiason. “Some guys were out of shape, some guys didn’t know the playbook, some guys were hurt,” Chrebet said. “He put me in there with Boomer and the starters versus the Giants’ first string.” He was a 5-foot-10 bulldog and he proved he belonged. “Everybody wants to root for the underdog, or the local kid,” Chrebet said. “I checked all the boxes as far as what people like to root for.” The next day, The Turk, the Grim Reaper who shattered NFL dreams, knocked on the door next to his in the dormitory. “I didn’t know what it meant, so I just went over to practice. … I went to meetings and no one said anything, you know what I mean?” Chrebet said. Chrebet started in the preseason finale against the Bengals and excelled. “They asked me if I did make the team what number would I want, so I said ‘80.’ I was a big [Steve] Largent fan, big Jerry Rice fan,” Chrebet said. He was now No. 80. Forever. “One of the things I always noticed about [Giants tight end] Mark Bavaro was they cheered when he caught the ball, and they cheered even louder when he was going for an extra foot, yard whatever,” Chrebet said. “I said, ‘Wow, I really want to make the fans cheer like that.’ ” Chrebet gave his heart, and at the end, his head, too many concussions to continue playing, after 580 receptions for 7365 yards and 41 TDs that launched him in the Jets’ Ring of Honor. “When I go to the stadium I still notice that there’s a really good majority that still wear 80, and I appreciate that,” Chrebet said. Older Jets fans who watched him play live educate their children about Wayne Chrebet. “And then the kids look at YouTube,” Chrebet said,” and I gain new fans all the time.” As for Ruckert, he is a third-round draft pick out of Ohio State. “So he’s got fans already, and big expectations,” Chrebet said. “He’s got to live up to that billing, but I’ve seen him play. … He’s a great kid, and I love how his family was when he got drafted. “They’re gonna love him.” Chrebet, earlier this week, welcomed Ruckert to the Jets family by tweeting: Congrats to the Hometown Hero. “When you have that kind of like following and support system with your family, your friends, the fans, and get those extra cheers ’cause people are rooting for ya,” Chrebet said, “it just helps you. It helps you succeed, and makes you feel proud that people cheer for ya. And ultimately that just adds to the experience of being an NFL player. From what I’ve seen, I think he can be in the league for a long time.” No. 80 will be cheering on No. 89. “He can expect people to love him for where he’s from, and his family values and obviously how hard he plays,” Chrebet said. “Like I said, I checked all the boxes, and this kid checks all the boxes too as far as being a fan favorite and people cheering for him.” Take flight, Jeremy Ruckert. Take flight in your hometown, and soar just as Wayne Chrebet did.