A staggering 83% of Americans think the U.S. has gone off the rails amid record high inflation, shortages of baby formula, sky-high gas prices and mass shootings, a sobering new survey released Tuesday reveals. The Gallup Poll found only 16% of adults surveyed said they are satisfied with the way things are going in the country at this time, 83% are dissatisfied with the remaining 1% having no opinion. The foul mood of Americans is an ominous sign for President Biden and Democrats as the congressional midterm elections approach, according to the poll. The low confidence rate in the state of the nation represents a considerable 6 point decline from last month and is the worst measure since the U.S. Capitol riot in January 2021. Democrats’ satisfaction plummeted 14 points since April to just 24%, accounting for most of the overall drop. Now, only about one-quarter of Democrats are content with  U.S. affairs — the lowest point of Biden’s presidency. Meanwhile, only 18% of independents and 4% of Republicans are happy with the status quo. The survey of 1,007 adults was conducted from May 2 to 22 as inflation remained at its highest point in 40 years, amid skyrocketing gas and food prices, a baby formula shortage and a racially motivated shooting in Buffalo that killed 10 people, Gallup analysts said. Biden’s job approval rating is underwater with 54% giving him a thumbs down and just 41% approving of the job he is doing — about the same as last month. “The president’s job approval has not risen above 43%, nor fallen below 40%, since last August. He has not enjoyed majority-level approval since last June,” Gallup noted in its analysis of the results. Meanwhile, Congress remains very unpopular with the public — with 77% of respondents disapproving of the job it is doing and 18% approving. That spells trouble for Democrats, who hold a razor-thin majority of both the Senate and House and could get wiped out in a Republican wave election this fall. “With less than six months to go before the midterm elections, the public’s mood is sour, with few Americans satisfied with the direction of the country and approving of Congress, making the Democratic congressional majority extremely vulnerable,” Gallup said. “Biden’s approval rating is particularly weak among independents and is nowhere near the high level required (typically above 60%) for a president to stave off significant midterm losses in Congress.” The pollsters concluded, “The likelihood of a dramatic economic turnaround before November’s congressional elections appears slim, which puts pressure on Democrats to persuade voters to keep them in power despite the nation’s current struggles.” The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.