A farmhouse has been left “frozen in time” having been abandoned for decades by its owners. Photos have emerged after urban explorer Kyle “Urbex” visited the property in Little Hereford, Herefordshire, showing the once-loved home piled high with letters and peculiar pictures hanging on the wall. Kyle visited the run-down farmhouse on April 18, having seen it on a Facebook page about abandoned places. The former home is in a severe state of decay after years of neglect but is “frozen in time” with the former owners’ possession still inside. Kyle’s haunting pictures show an old sewing machine, a collection of candlesticks on the fireplace as well as an old piano along with sheet music. A photo of kitchen shows a calendar from January 1988 as well as piles of newspapers and magazines littering the table. Saucepans and a kettle are stacked on the hob of an old Beko cooker. Kyle said: “When I got there I could tell it was subject to natural decay. I had to stay mainly downstairs because parts had fallen in upstairs. “The first living room I came to, I could sense it was from the 1960s or 1970s because of the retro wallpaper and old-style burner for a fireplace. “In the kitchen, there was an old cooker and milk cartons all over the floor containing a black substance, which I thought might be tractor oil.” He attempted to find the names of the former occupants but the letters only seemed to be addressed to “the homeowner.” Kyle thought that since the property had been abandoned, people had held parties there as empty beer bottles had been left lying around. He said: “In these houses you feel quite sad in a way, it is abandoned and frozen in time. Kyle added: “We don’t know when it was vacated or who lived there but someone’s memories are still there. “The living room had a piano that once would have been played daily — it’s now left rotting away. “For some reason, whatever that is, someone upped and left, and never came back.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.