New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. No doubt the biggest sporting event of the weekend, the 2022 Kentucky Derby takes place at Churchill Downs on Saturday night. Zandon (3-1) is the favorite in this years running, but there’s plenty of hot competition as bettors prepare for the “Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports.” The Dallas Mavericks play host to the Phoenix Suns in Game 3 of the Western Conference Semifinals on Friday. Phoenix leads the series, 2-0. The Mavericks played competitively for the first 38 minutes of Game 2, but they collapsed over the final 10 minutes. This group looked dejected after that collapse, and it’s tough to see where they go from here. Boxing fans are treated to one hell of a spectacle this weekend, as Canelo Alvarez jumps back up to 175 pounds to challenge the undefeated WBA super light heavyweight champion Dmitry Bivol. After being promoted from interim champion up to regular champion, Bivol was ultimately promoted and recognized as the WBA super champion in October 2019 prior to facing Lenin Castillo. Bivol has a perfect 19-0 record, and he fought twice last year. Destructive champions meet fearsome challengers inside Footprint Center in Phoenix, Ariz., this Saturday when Charles Oliveira and Rose Namajunas defend their respective titles against Justin Gaethje and Carlos Esparza in UFC 274. We will also see Michael Chandler trade hands with Tony Ferguson, and Donald Cerrone take on Joe Lauzon in a clash of lightweight veterans.   21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Fan of SGP’s? Then you’ll love this promo. Place at least $25 on an NBA Same Game parlay between 5/2 and 5/15, and you’ll receive a $10 free bet. What’s more, you can claim a $10 free bet every day until Sunday 15th, when you place a $25 SGP. 21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Place $20+ Same Game Parlays on MLB from Monday to Saturday with +1000 minimum odds, and if you win receive a $100 free bet!