The field for the Preakness Stakes looks very different compared to what we saw at the Kentucky Derby. While the first leg of the 2022 Triple Crown featured a deep field that made it wide open and put the onus on punters to find the long shot that could take advantage of the chaos, the Preakness is a little more straight-forward. The Derby featured a 20-horse field and a lukewarm favorite. Only nine horses will make the trip to Pimlico for the Preakness, and there is a clear favorite among them.   No. 8 Epicenter, who is trained by Steve Asmussen and is coming off a runner-up finish at Churchill Downs, is the 6-5 morning-line favorite and could go off even shorter than that on Saturday. With a small field and a clear favorite, the handicap for the Preakness will be very different compared to what it was for the Derby. In a 20-horse field, variance will reign supreme, so it made sense to avoid laying too much with the chalk. In a smaller field, things are likely to follow a more projectable script which means punters need to figure out if — and how — they’re going to use the favorite. A favorite such as Epicenter in a field that isn’t very deep will get a ton of betting attention. That means that some of the prices below the chalk could end up drifting and some prices could pop. Finding the right horse to pair with Epicenter in exotics is likely the best way to add some value to a ticket. One thing horseplayers should keep in mind for the Preakness is that we could see a lot of casual money come in on also-rans such as No. 6 Happy Jack (30-1) and No. 3 Fenwick (50-1). Rich Strike’s historic upset as an 80-1 long shot at the Kentucky Derby proved anything can happen in the small sample of one horse race, but it’s very unlikely that lightning will strike twice in a row. That won’t stop people from trying to capture the magic by playing the longest odds on the board at Pimlico, though. Recency bias is a real thing when it comes to handicapping all sports, especially among casual bettors in Triple Crown races. If you are feeling a heavy case of FOMO and want to use Fenwick and/or Happy Jack, the best way to do it likely would be to add them as price horses to your trifecta or superfecta tickets. Any horse could finish third or fourth in a nine-horse race, it’s just hard to see them upsetting such a top-heavy field. A long shot that could be worth a punt is No. 9 Skippylongstocking (20-1), who is coming off a third-place finish at the Wood Memorial to trendy Derby pick Mo Donegal and the second-choice for the Preakness, Early Voting. While Skippylongstocking is unlikely to win, he has improved in each of his starts heading into this weekend. This field is not deep enough where you have to be overly worried that Skippylongstocking is left in the dust. Finding the right horse to pair with the favorite is the best strategy at Pimlico this weekend. Skippylongstocking’s price could add some serious value to your ticket, even if the race ends up as a runaway victory for Epicenter.