Josh Donaldson was suspended by Major League Baseball for one game and received a fine for making “inappropriate comments” following an MLB investigation into Donaldson calling White Sox shortstop Tim Anderson “Jackie,” which Anderson took offense to — and which nearly caused the two teams to brawl. Donaldson is appealing the ruling. The decision was made by Michael Hill, Major League Baseball’s senior vice president for on-field operations. The third baseman was also placed on the COVID IL prior to Monday’s 6-4 loss to the Orioles and was not at the Stadium. Miguel Andujar was recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to take Donaldson’s spot on the roster on Monday. Donaldson faced league discipline after he admitted he said, “What’s up, Jackie?” in reference to Jackie Robinson — on more than one occasion to Anderson, who is black. “There is no dispute over what was said on the field,” Hill said in a statement. “Regardless of Mr. Donaldson’s intent, the comment he directed toward Mr. Anderson was disrespectful and in poor judgment, particularly when viewed in the context of their prior interactions.” Donaldson said he’d called Anderson “Jackie” in the past, since a 2019 Sports Illustrated article in which the White Sox star said, “I kind of feel like today’s Jackie Robinson. That’s huge to say. But it’s cool, man, because he changed the game, and I feel like I’m getting to a point where I need to change the game.” Donaldson added it was an attempt to defuse tensions between the two after they shoved each other during a series in Chicago last weekend, an explanation few people accepted. Aaron Judge, asked about the incident and resulting suspension following Monday’s loss to Baltimore, said, “It’s a tough one.” “Joke or not, I don’t think it’s the right thing to do there,” Judge said of Donaldson’s actions. “Given the history, especially the series in Chicago and the little bit of beef between Anderson and [Donaldon]. Anderson is one of the best shortstops in the game and is a big part of MLB and how we can grow the game. [Donaldson] getting a one-game suspension … I don’t know. He made a mistake, owned up to it and we’ve got to move on.” Judge said Donaldson spoke to the team. “He’s a pro,” Judge said. “He talked to all of us and filled us in on what he was referring to. But, still, I don’t think it was the right move at all.” Judge added again, “It’s time to move on. “We’re grown men. He owned up to what he did. That’s all you can ask, especially when we’re playing games every day. Can’t sit here and linger on a lot. … You learn from it when you make a mistake.” Aaron Boone said he disagreed with MLB’s decision to ban Donaldson, although he respected the league’s process. White Sox pitching coach Ethan Katz disagreed, as well, but for a different reason, calling the one-game suspension “disappointing” on Twitter. “Just one game,” Katz wrote after the penalty was issued. “We all saw his malice at third [base] a week ago, then his comment with his ridiculous excuse that followed. What’s the point or message behind a [one]-game suspension? This is incredibly disappointing and plain frustrating.” White Sox manager Tony La Russa called Donaldson’s comments “racist” and Anderson agreed. “I don’t play like that,” Anderson said Saturday. “That happened the first time he got on, and I let it go that time, and it happened again. It’s just uncalled for. … I’ll never sleep this off.” “Obviously he deemed that it was disrespectful,” Donaldson said Saturday. “Look, if he did, I apologize. That’s not what I was trying to do by any matter. That’s really what happened.”