If you’re hunting for a home with serious pedigree, try this townhouse at 219 E. 48th St., which shares a garden view with Olivier Sarkozy, the banker who was once married to Mary-Kate Olsen and whose half-brother is France’s ex-president, Nicolas Sarkozy. (Olivier’s home is also on the market for $10.5 million.) The discreet Turtle Bay enclave has also housed its share of American icons over the years including Katharine Hepburn, Walter Cronkite, Stephen Sondheim, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and E. B. White. The seller of the four-story home is philanthropist Nancy P. Aronson, a descendent of Carl H. Pforzheimer Sr., who was a co-founder of the American Stock Exchange. It’s now on the market for the first time in a quarter of a century — for $3.29 million (it last sold for $875,000 in 1996). A Radcliffe College grad, Aronson is a notable philanthropist whose work includes launching a rape crisis intervention program at Mount Sinai and serving on the boards of the Dance Theatre of Harlem and the Henry Street Settlement. The 3,000-square-foot home (currently configured for two families) boasts six fireplaces, a basement and a private garden. The listing broker is Victoria Vinokur of Brown Harris Stevens. Speaking of townhouses … celebrity stylist Kate Young has dreamed up red-carpet looks for Selena Gomez, Dakota Johnson, Margot Robbie, Michelle Williams, Sienna Miller, Rachel Weisz and Sophie Turner, just to name a few. But her greatest creation might be the Brooklyn townhouse that she and her spouse, Keith Abrahamsson, co-founder of the record label Mexican Summer, are now selling. The 2,640-square-foot Clinton Hill home, at 61 Gates Ave., comes with five bedrooms, two-and-a-half bathrooms and a hefty $3.95 million price tag. The couple bought the two-story home for $1.73 million in 2013, according to property records. Built in the French Second Empire style, it features a mansard roof, a wraparound garden and parking. Inside, the sleek interior features custom, built-in seating, a fireplace and an open chef’s kitchen that seats 10. The second floor boasts a main bedroom suite overlooking the garden, a dressing room and a spa-like bathroom. The third floor offers two more bedrooms, a shared bath, an infrared sauna and a study, while the basement rec room is kitted out with a craft area as well as surf, skateboard and bike storage. What do you think? Be the first to comment. Young, who got her start as an assistant to Anna Wintour at Vogue, has been named the Hollywood Reporter’s “most powerful stylist” three times. She is also the author of the Assouline book “Dressing for the Dark,” and works with designers like Jason Wu, Nina Ricci, Derek Lam and Rosetta Getty on their collections and shows. The listing brokers for the home are Corcoran’s Karen and Kyle Talbott, and Scott Sternberg.