Former Jacksonville Jaguar Josh Lambo found himself in the middle of the Urban Meyer drama last season. The kicker claimed he was kicked by the team’s former coach during a December 2021 practice, an incident that was apparently the final straw in Meyer’s employment with Jacksonville. Lambo, currently a free agent, filed a lawsuit against his former employer, seeking his $3.5 million salary for 2021 plus damages for emotional distress. The suit claims Lambo’s performance was impacted by the combination of Meyer kicking and verbally abusing him. At practice, Lambo said that he was in the lunge position when Meyer kicked him in the leg and said “Hey dips–t, make your f–cking kicks!” Lambo reportedly responded by telling Meyer never to kick him again. Meyer reportedly responded with “I’m the head ball coach, I’ll kick you whenever the f–ck I want.” Shortly following the reported kicking incident to the team, Lambo claims Meyer threatened to release him, saying “You’re the first player I’ve ever let speak to me that way in my career, and if you do it again, you’re gone.” Lambo has been a notoriously accurate kicker throughout his NFL career, but got off to a rough start in the 2021 preseason, missing a field goal attempt in each of the Jaguars first two preseason games in August. The 31-year-old was released on Oct. 19 after missing his first three field goal attempts on the season. Meyer was fired shortly after the incident came to light in mid-December. He initially denied it happened. “Mr. Meyer’s hostility had the intended effect on Mr. Lambo, resulting in Mr. Lambo uncharacteristically missing difficult and long kicks from the ranges of fifty-five yards, fifty-two yards and fifty-eight yards,” according to the lawsuit. Lambo is reportedly seeking a jury trial in the hopes of being rewarded with back pay owed consistent with his 2021 contract, as well as compensation for any special damaged sustained as emotional stress and reputational harm and litigation fees. Lambo, who has the sixth-highest field goal percentage in NFL history, has remained unsigned since his release last season.