Browns quarterback Baker Mayfield is reportedly too expensive for the Panthers’ liking. Four weeks ago, the teams discussed a possible trade for the quarterback, according to the Charlotte Observer, but couldn’t come to an agreement about how much of Mayfield’s $18.8 million guaranteed salary would be paid by the Browns. The Panthers reportedly wanted the Browns to pay $13-14 million, which would leave $5-6 million for Carolina to dish out for the former No. 1 overall pick. It’s unclear what the Browns were willing to pay to offload Mayfield, who has been disgruntled to the point of requesting a trade out of Cleveland. Mayfield’s request came after the Browns acquired and later signed former Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson that same month, to a record five-year, $230 million contract, fully guaranteed. Mayfield is expected to show up for Cleveland’s training camp in late July, according to NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport, who said things are “awkward” between the quarterback and Cleveland. In April, Mayfield said he felt “disrespected” by the Browns when they made a surprise play for Watson after two grand juries decided against indicting the quarterback on criminal charges. Watson is still facing a possible suspension from the league amid its investigation into 22 ongoing civil lawsuits from women accusing him of sexual misconduct. Mayfield remains on the Browns roster even with uncertainty about his future — and his guaranteed salary for 2022 is reportedly making it difficult for the Browns to move him. The quarterback has been linked to the Panthers since he asked to be traded. The Carolina buzz simmered in April, however, when they selected former Ole Miss quarterback Matt Corral in the third round of the NFL Draft. The Charlotte Observer also reported that the Panthers are “open” to reuniting with free agent quarterback Cam Newton under two conditions: that he would not enter training camp as the starter, and he would have to agree to a smaller salary. Newton signed a one-year deal with the Panthers last November after Sam Darnold suffered a shoulder injury but struggled to produce, going 0-5. Darnold remains on the roster with a guaranteed $18.9 million salary for 2022, according to Spotrac.