Looking to shack up on dating apps, fellas? Put a shirt on. Researchers from the University of Colorado recently discovered that men who fill their Tinder profiles with shirtless pictures are perceived as less competent and more promiscuous. The study’s 567 participants were shown fake profiles of a young, white, adult man named “Noah.” His pictures and descriptions varied along three factors: relationship motivation, muscularity, and sexualized appearance. For example, some versions of Noah were buff — and some, not so much. Some wrote that they were looking for casual sex while others wanted something serious. And, of course, some were shirtless and some wore a white T-shirt. Although results varied between men and women, the three dimensions — relationship motivation, muscularity, and sexualized appearance — affected people’s perception of Noah. Women saw the shirtless fake as higher in risky sexual behavior — and also lower in social appeal and competence. Men somewhat agreed but did not think the shirtless fake was lower in competence. When Noah said he was looking for casual sex, all participants viewed him as higher in risky sexual behavior and lower in competence. Everyone found the muscular version of Noah most attractive, but men saw the physique as higher in risky sexual behavior. “The present findings indicate that a man’s sexualized self-presentation on a dating profile, even on an app known as a site for hook-ups, elicits diminished perceptions of his competence and greater perceptions that he engages in risky sexual behavior,” the researchers wrote. “A sexualized self-presentation on a Tinder profile is perhaps not the best self-presentational choice for men wanting to make a positive impression on women,” they advised single men. Need to do a serious remodel on your profile now? Tinder offers some advice on its website: “Upload photos to Tinder that feature who everyone came to see: you! Ditch your friends, because this isn’t about them, and remove the sunglasses, because they hide your face.” “The best pics are in-focus, and some say a smile goes a long way here.” 