Amber Heard’s emotional testimony during Johnny Depp’s bombshell defamation trial has already been filled with a slew of shocking moments — from threats to kill to beatings and forced “cavity” searches. The harrowing details of Heard and Depp’s soured romance emerged in a Fairfax, Virginia, court this week as the “Aquaman” actress took the stand to detail her version of events. Heard, 36, is defending herself against claims she defamed Depp, 58, when she wrote a 2018 op-ed in the Washington Post describing herself as “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” Here are some of the most shocking moments from Heard’s testimony so far: Heard testified Wednesday that her relationship with Depp was intense from the start — but the turning point came when the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star first struck her in March 2013. “I’ll never forget it. It changed my life,” Heard told the jury. The couple had been sitting on the couch when she asked him about a tattoo he had that she couldn’t make out. Depp told her it said, “Wino” — a cover-up for his previous ink that said “Winona Forever” — prompting her to laugh. But he apparently didn’t find it funny — and allegedly slapped her across the face, Heard testified. Depp slapped her again before getting on his knees, holding her hands and begging for forgiveness while sobbing. “I will never do that again, I’m so sorry, baby … I thought I put the monster away,” Depp said, according to Heard’s testimony. The actress became emotional Wednesday while recounting one particularly harrowing encounter in May 2013, when she said Depp performed a “cavity search” on her. Heard said the moment occurred after they had taken psychotropic mushrooms during a trip to the Hicksville Trailer Palace in Joshua Tree, California, with friends. While the couple were in a trailer, Heard testified, Depp accused her of hiding his drugs, ripped her dress and started patting her down. “He was telling me, ‘We’re going to do a cavity search,'” she said with a whimper. “He just shoved his fingers inside me,” she continued, adding that she “just stood there standing at the stupid light” as he twisted his fingers around inside her. Heard alleged that the actor threatened to kill her when the two were vacationing in the Bahamas in July 2013 with Depp’s two kids, Lily-Rose Depp and Jack Depp, who were around 14 and 12, respectively, at the time. “He slams me up against the wall … slams me up by my neck. Holds me there for a second and tells me he could f—king kill me. [That] I was an embarrassment … I made him feel sick,” she testified Wednesday. Heard told the jury Thursday that she suspected Depp broke her nose after punching her during a fight after the 2014 Met Gala. “At the Met Gala, he was accusing me of flirting with a woman. We get back to the hotel room, he shoves me and grabs my collarbone. I remember he threw a bottle at me, missed me, hit the chandelier,” Heard testified. He then allegedly punched her, breaking her nose. “At some point, he just whacked me in the face,” Heard said of the alleged incident. “I was unsure what that feeling was but I suspected I had a broken nose. And other than that, I remember my nose being swollen and discolored.” The actress testified that she began documenting Depp’s alcohol and drug use because nobody believed her or confronted the problem. Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial “There was no one to back me up. Just his employees and everyone who backed him up against me. So I started to take pictures,” she said. Jurors were shown several images on Thursday that Heard took of Depp passed out in various locations, including curled up on the floor during a press tour for “The Lone Ranger” in Tokyo in 2013. “He was drinking at the restaurant and [his] kids were kind of noticing, but not really sure what to make of it … Johnny became upset with me for judging him,” she testified. “The kids were on this press tour and I was worried about them hearing us … Johnny screamed at me and all I could think was they were in the next hotel room.” The jury also heard audio of Depp “howling like an animal” on a cross-country flight from Boston to LA. Heard alleged Depp slapped and kicked her during the flight over her friendship with actor James Franco. Heard said she started to record Depp’s behavior because she “knew Johnny wouldn’t remember what he had done.” Depp hated the fact Heard had a working relationship with James Franco — and once kicked her in the back during a fight over the actor on a flight, Heard testified. Heard and Franco were filming “The Adderall Diaries” at the time and had love scenes together. “He called me a slut” for the scenes, Heard said of Depp. When she moved away from him on the private plane, Depp allegedly started throwing things and then slapped her face, she testified. Heard added: “He hated James Franco. He was accusing me of having a thing with him in the past since I had filmed ‘Pineapple Express’ with him.” Heard broke down into heaving sobs on the stand Thursday as she recalled Depp allegedly threatening to “carve up” her face with a bottle — and then inserting it inside her during a fight. “I didn’t know if the bottle he had inside me was broken,” she said, breathing heavily as she held back tears. “I couldn’t feel it. I couldn’t feel anything.” The nightmare unfolded in March 2015 while the then-married couple was staying in Australia, where Depp was filming the fifth installment of the “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie franchise. The harrowing incident was the same fight that left Depp with a severed finger –– something he claimed on the stand happened when Heard flung a vodka bottle at him. The two had only been married a month earlier.