Anna Delvey was back on the Manhattan art scene Thursday night — virtually — as the fake heiress remains in federal custody fighting an effort to deport her to Germany. Delvey, whose real name is Anna Sorokin, addressed her patrons on video during her one-night-only art exhibit at the Public Hotel in Nolita, according to the Sun. The exhibition, entitled “Allegedly,” showcases the art she made while being detained by US Customs and Immigration Enforcement. The former con artist, and current artist, served nearly four years in prison on charges of grifting friends and businesses around New York out of $275,000 by pretending to be someone else. The 31-year-old subject of a Netflix drama remains in ICE custody in upstate Orange County as lawyers appeal her deportation to her native Germany. “Hi everyone, Anna Delvey here,” her video appearance reportedly began. “I’m so very excited to unveil my first ever art collection titled ‘Allegedly.’ This is a collection of sketches I created while in ICE Orange County Detention,” the wannabe socialite explained in her unplaceable European accent. “I studied fashion administration in Paris and haven’t really sketched until my trial. “You’ve heard so many voices already, but this is the beginning of me telling my story, my narrative from my perspective. “I hope you guys enjoy the show.” The event featured an open bar and a specialty cocktail dubbed “Anna on ICE,” according to the report. It’s the notorious SoHo grifter’s second foray onto the downtown art scene following her “Free Anna” show in March at a pop-up on the Lower East Side, which featured her prison art. “I wanted to capture some of the moments of the past years, both never-seen-before and iconic, using the limited tools I have at my disposal,” she told Page Six earlier this week. “Some of the pieces are straightforward, others are more abstract and will be unique in meaning and appearance to the observer.” Her 9×12 sketches cost about $10,000 each, her art salesman Chris Martine said. “A lot of times artwork is more than the visual element, but the story behind it which is what people really buy,” Martine told Page Six. “If you look at her sketches, she has legitimate talent.” Delvey sold the rights to her swindling story to the Netflix series “Inventing Anna” for $320,000.