With warmer temps on the rise, we’re just about ready to celebrate by buying every trendy swimsuit known to man. Luckily, that’s where Aerie comes into full focus. The on-trend, comfortable brand — known for versatile floral and striped styles to fit every body — has some of the hottest swimwear selects this season (and, we couldn’t be more thrilled). Just in time for Memorial Day, you can pick up one of the 8 best swimsuits Aerie has to offer below. After all, it’s just about time to whip out Aerie’s most adorable sarong and Getaway Sunglasses (just $12!) to have a full-blown summer soiree. From bikinis to one-pieces — to striped and solid styles — shop the best sets from Aerie to have you feeling good at the beach or by the pool. Loud prints are in, and Aerie’s V-Scoop Bikini Top is too cute to pass up. It’s available in solid colors, too, though we couldn’t resist adding the tropical-toned two-piece as one of our favorites. Plus, the crossover bottoms complete the look. Get groovy in Aerie’s Crossover Triangle Bikini Top. The timelessly cut top is just divine, and we love how the high-waisted bottoms tie the whole look together. Even if you’re not the keenest on cut-out detailing, Aerie’s Bandeau Bikini Top is an exception. For one, it’s extremely flattering at the bust, complete with thin strap cross-over detailing that’s bound to garner dozens of compliments. Plus, the cut-out bottoms are just fabulous (and we can’t believe the entire set is less than $50! Keep things simple this summer with Aerie’s Crinkle V-Scoop Plunge Bikini Top. It’s seamless and comfortable for taking a dip in the pool or ocean, too, and the subtle texture detailing adds a hint of character to an otherwise plain bikini. This suit is currently full price. Hello, neon! Aerie’s Jacquard Longline Scoop Bikini Top comes in other summertime-ready colors, too, but we can’t stop looking at this bright, sunnyside color. The tank-style top, paired with the v-line bottoms makes this flattering on everyone, too. OK, real talk — Aerie’s Leopard Wrap One-Piece Swimsuit is the hottest take on your traditional one-piece, so it’s time to grab it ASAP. From the sexy leopard print to the blissfully cut-out detailing at the middle, we love how the one-piece is made with spaghetti straps and the cutest bow detailing to top it all off. It’s time to talk plunge, baby. Aerie’s Tassel Plunge Bikini Top is yours for the taking (especially for your Memorial Day Weekend BBQ!) Perfectly structured to give you the most flattering fit, you can snag the top and bottoms for less than $50. Enter one of the cutest one-piece swimsuits we’ve seen. From its flattering upper to that adorable wrap bow-tie detailing, dropping $30 on this dreamy suit will serve you well all summer long (perhaps with one of our favorite pool floats). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.