“Top Gun: Maverick” director Joseph Kosinski had his doubts about Lady Gaga contributing to the soundtrack for the upcoming action film. Gaga, 36, released a ballad Tuesday — titled “Hold My Hand” — for the jam-packed sequel to the 1986 Tom Cruise vehicle “Top Gun.” Kosinski, 48, recently confessed that he wasn’t too keen on having the slow, heart-thumping track as a part of the project. “It was nerve-wracking to hear that song for the first time,” Kosinski told Insider, adding that he heard a demo of the track while sitting next to producer Jerry Bruckheimer. “We went over to the record label [offices], and you’re almost afraid you’re not going to like it, because how do you say ‘No thank you’ to Lady Gaga?” the filmmaker continued. However, their spirits soon soared like an F-14 Tomcat fighter jet. “As soon as we heard the song, it was like, ‘Wow, that is a classic melody. That is fantastic,'” Kosinski recalled. “Even in demo form.” The “Chromatica” crooner is a fan of “Top Gun” herself, and Kosinski and Bruckheimer, 78, immediately knew they wanted her song to be featured. The film’s composer, Hans Zimmer, was also a fan of the single. “When Hans heard it he was like, ‘I can use this as a theme for the movie,'” the “Only the Brave” director went on. “He worked it into his orchestral score. So it’s much more than just a song in the movie. It’s all over the theme of the film.” Gaga got deep about her songwriting process last week when she teased the song’s release on Instagram. “When I wrote this song for ‘Top Gun: Maverick,’ I didn’t even realize the multiple layers it spanned across the film’s heart, my own psyche, and the nature of the world we’ve been living in,” the “House of Gucci” star wrote. “I’ve been working on it for years, perfecting it, trying to make it ours. I wanted to make music into a song where we share our deep need to both be understood and try to understand each other—a longing to be close when we feel so far away and an ability to celebrate life’s heroes,” she continued. Gaga then thanked the “Mission: Impossible” actor, Kosinski and Zimmer for the opportunity and the “beautiful experience” of working alongside the trio. “This song is a love letter to the world during and after a very hard time,” she said. “I’ve wanted you to hear it for so long.” Cruise, 59, returns as Navy pilot Pete “Maverick” Mitchell in the sequel and joins an ensemble cast including Miles Teller, Jon Hamm, Jennifer Connelly, Glen Powell, Lewis Pullman, Ed Harris and Val Kilmer. On Monday, Gaga proved that she and Cruise are the best of friends when he showed up at her Las Vegas show. The “Poker Face” songstress shared a snap of the “Risky Business” actor giving her a giant smooch on the cheek after her performance. “Thank you for coming to the show last night. I love you my friend,” she penned. “Top Gun: Maverick” flies into theaters May 27.