A woman has opened up about being in a three-way marriage with her Tinder match and her college sweetheart – and things can get a little messy from time to time. Angel Bailey, 26, and Tyler Hays, 29, started dating in June 2018 after meeting on Tinder and invited Sam Vick, 23, into their relationship in April 2021. Bailey – who knew Vick from college and had shared a one-off kiss with her – reignited their spark at a festival and the pals ended up having a threesome with Hays in May 2019. The trio developed feelings and decided to become a throuple – entering a romantic relationship between all three of them. The polyamorous trio tried dating on two separate occasions after their first threesome but couldn’t make it last longer than two weeks. Unable to let each other all go, they decided to give their relationship another shot in April 2021 and have now invited Vick to move in. Bailey and Hays are getting married in May 2022 but are hoping it will be possible for Sam to marry them too in the future. Bailey, a banking mortgage warehouse operations specialist from Arkansas, explained: “All three of us went to the festival, and just with the music and maybe a little bit of alcohol involved Sam and I just started kissing. “And then Tyler was like: ‘Well, that’s pretty cool.’ “It just kind of developed from there. “We were scared to open up to each other, it’s intimidating to add a whole other person into your life that you can depend upon. “I was being selfish but have worked through my jealousy. “Now they go on dates, we go on dates, and all three of us go on dates.” Bailey and Vick were friends during their college years – the friendship started when Bailey invited Vick to a party and the girls kissed but remained platonic. Vick, a bank clerk from Arkansas, explained: “We both were exploring our sexuality at this point and were beginning to learn we didn’t just like kissing girls when we were drunk.” After meeting on Tinder, Bailey and Hays had always spoken about being open to trying new things in their relationship. In May 2019, Bailey, Hays, and Vick went to Hangout Festival as part of a big group of friends. The trio split from the group to watch a different band. Drunk and reigniting their old flame, Bailey and Vick started getting it on – Hays joined in and things progressed when they got back to the Airbnb. Hays, a ramp agent from Tennessee, said: “We thought it was a one-time thing.” Bailey added: “But we all caught feelings.” Things haven’t always been easy for the three-way couple, they tried dating on two separate occasions two years ago but couldn’t make it last longer than two weeks. Bailey said: “I had never dated girls before. So, it was difficult to discern friendship feelings from relationship feelings. “I knew it was different because it felt wrong when she wasn’t with me, and I missed her like you miss a partner. “For Sam, it was difficult to join Tyler and I who had already been established for a whole year.”  In April 2021, the trio decided to give it a proper shot in a relationship together. In the beginning, Hays struggled to fit in two girlfriends around his work schedule and Bailey struggled to see Vick with her boyfriend. Bailey said: “I thought: ‘Oh I get two relationships, I get to be with Tyler, and I get to be with Sam,’ but I never thought of Tyler and Sam together or us as a whole big relationship. “I was being selfish but have worked through my jealousy. “But now we all go on dates. “Sam and Tyler go to the zoo while I’m at work.” Vick currently lives a one-and-a-half-hour drive from Hays and Bailey, so is only with them three days a week. But in April 2022, Vick took the plunge to move into the couple’s two-bedroom home in Memphis. The three have never lived with each other for more than three days at a time but can’t wait to be together. Bailey said: “Sam and I will share the bed Monday to Friday while Tyler is at work, he sleeps in another room. “There is rarely all three of us sharing the queen size. “There’s always someone there to fulfill something you need that isn’t possible in a regular couple.” In the bedroom, often they don’t all have sex together, but they take it in turns. “It’s not unlimited threesomes and it’s definitely not a lifestyle for everyone,” Hays said. Vick said: “Usually it’s only like two of us – either Angel and me or Tyler and me or Tyler and Angel. “We do all three get together sometimes, but not as often as when it’s just two of us.” Bailey said: “You have to set boundaries early on and communication is key. “Our parents know we are in a throuple, but don’t like to talk about it. All our friends know.” This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.