The results are jaw-dropping. Gen Z 20-somethings are taking to TikTok to boast their procedures of having fat sucked, sliced and sculpted to chisel their ideal jawlines. The TikTok hashtag #chinlipo has nearly 60 million views as of Monday morning, with other young content creators ditching their double chins for good. Popular content creator Audrey Peters said she removed “over an inch of fat” from her chin with the help of Airsculpt, a liposuction technology that is a minimally invasive, quick procedure and uses air to remove fat. While Peters said the innovative fat removal technology starts at $4,000, face-slimming methods cost anywhere from $500 for nonsurgical procedures to $5,000 for surgical operations. “The reason I did it is partially because it was something I was always insecure about and I always wanted to fix,” Peters, 25, told The Post. “It was something that always bothered me, I hate the way they looked in photos with or without my job being on camera.” Board-certified plastic surgeon Dr. Norman Rowe told The Post he saw an uptick in face-slimming procedures at the beginning of the pandemic when people’s faces were all anyone saw on Zoom meetings — but the trend is still going strong as people re-enter society. “Even though we are slowly moving into a post-pandemic world, I am still seeing this trend being carried over with in-person meetings [and] events becoming more common again,” he said. Being on camera as a full-time job made Peters notice her flaws more, especially when people would comment on them. “In real life, I had family members that would be like, ‘Oh, it’s so cute,’ and almost like pinch my double chin,” the fashionista said, adding that she found it “offensive.” “Obviously, commentary on the internet is super f–king brutal. And everyone would be like, ‘Stop shopping and get your double chin removed.’” But Peters isn’t the only one interested in removing unwanted fat. “I’m not saying I started the trend,” Peters said. “But I will say after I got it, I saw a lot of people do it.” “I think it’s becoming increasingly popular due to celebrities who have chiseled faces and angular cheekbones [and] jawlines,” said Dr. Rowe. “A lot of my patients who do come in are within this age group since they are trying to achieve the look of these models.” Even celebrities can’t achieve a “snatched” jawline without a little help. Former “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” Teddi Mellencamp recently got a neck lift, revealing the impressive results online in total transparency. After being met with criticism, she bit back at one hater who said that getting a facelift reminded fans who “can’t afford one how ugly we are.” “I am being transparent with my journey,” Mellencamp, 40, posted on her Instagram story. “Would you prefer I lie and pretend the loose skin on my neck disappeared? That’s not who I am. You want to only follow people that show themselves through a filtered version of themselves then I am not the person to follow.” Model Ireland Baldwin, 26, also joined in on the cosmetic procedure fun, sharing a snap on Instagram last month of her chin strap after getting a “FaceTite.” “The reason I had it done was because I had this very stubborn pocket of fat and extra skin on my face,” she said in a TikTok video. “As I’ve gained weight and as I’ve aged, it hasn’t gone away at all. It’s only become worse and worse.” Despite seeming a little too young to be getting that kind of cosmetic surgery, she said it was the “most age-appropriate” option. “I’m 26. I’m not underage. I’m a consenting adult who made this choice and I couldn’t be happier,” she retorted. “It is 100% safe for someone in their 20s to get chin liposuction to reduce the appearance of chin fat and tighten their skin,” Dr. Rowe said of similar face-slimming procedures. “When they are younger, they have a quicker recovery time after the procedure. There really isn’t any downside of them getting these treatments medically.” Victoria Paris, an NYC-based 22-year-old with 1.4 million TikTok followers, got chin liposuction and flaunted her post-op chin strap in March, calling it a “chin BBL.” Before showing off her new jawline, Paris said in a clip with over 538,000 views that the fat under her chin would swell when she was stressed or menstruating, which led her to undergo the operation. Jaci Smith, whose TikTok bio even reads “your local chinfluencer,” underwent procedures for a chin augmentation, liposuction and buccal, or cheek, fat removal in January. In a video created post-op with over 187,000 views, California-based Smith explains why she opted for the procedure, showing before and after images. “I can gua sha all day and do whatever I want, but at the end of the day, to get the result that I wanted, I needed to get an implant,” she explained to people who thought “diet and exercise” would fix the issue. “If you have a round face, you don’t need to change it. This is just something that I am just personally doing and I wanted to be open and share it with you guys.” Being dishonest about it, she continued, is “lame,” and she’s noticed the more work she gets done – and the more she’s honest about it – “the more people quiet down.” “The people who will get work done that aren’t honest about it are going to inevitably face more backlash,” she said. “When I’m honest about it – there’s always gonna be like haters making rude commentary – for the most part, I don’t really get that because I’m so honest.” While it may seem like an unnecessary cost to remove a bit of excess fat, Peters is an advocate for doing what’s best for yourself – and your self-esteem. “If there is something that you don’t like about yourself – that it’s recurring in your mind that makes you upset and insecure – and you have the means to take care of it, why wouldn’t you just do it?” she said. “It’s not a big deal, you should never feel ashamed.”