The warm weather is here, and it’s time to kick up your feet and enjoy the sun. So throw on your swimsuit, go to that pool party, layer on the sunblock and get grilling. But sometimes, you just need a quick break to recharge and enjoy a bit of shade. That’s where outdoor gazebos comes in handy. Whether you opt for a hardtop, portable, mesh or  canvas gazebo, they all provide optimal protection from the sun and create a relaxing oasis. Depending on the style you choose, gazebos can also be perfect for taking to the beach, popping up at the park and protecting you from unwanted bugs. Keep reading to shop the best gazebos currently on Amazon. Enjoy hard top and wood gazebo guaranteed to dress up your outdoor space. Simply add a gorgeous patio set underneath, and you’re ready for outdoor evenings. The weather has nothing on this gazebo, as it features draped sides and a hardtop. The top will protect you from rain showers while the draped sides will block out the sun and wind. If you want the benefits of draped sides but still want to see beyond the interior of your gazebo, then this pick is for you. The mesh netting won’t only allow you to see outside, but it will also keep the pesky bugs away. Another great option is this pop-up gazebo. Easy to move and setup, you can take it to the park, beach or simply your backyard. Complete your backyard oasis with this permanent hardtop gazebo. The blue drapes will hold their color for up to three years, the gazebo is waterproof and the hardtop can withstand 2,500 lbs of snow — now that’s impressive. Get ready to grill the days away this summer but you’re going to want to make sure you stay covered to prevent any unwanted sunburns. This metal grill gazebo should do the trick, as it’s the perfect size and even features a grill tool rack. This screened gazebo is the perfect option for on-the-go movers. It’s durable, spacious and can be used for various occasions, such as camping and pool parties. Complete with a roller bag and sand bags, this screened gazebo can be set up in seconds. It’s all thanks to the fully assembled pop up frame. A screened gazebo is great, but if you’re looking for some privacy, you’re going to want to opt for this enclosed gazebo. Even better, the walls are detachable and interchangeable. Protect yourself from the sun, create a space of relaxation and eliminate buzzing bugs with this gazebo. It’s elegant, practical and useful. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.