It was a fate she couldn’t predict. The 51-year-old Queens woman gunned down in her own home was a tarot card reader — and cops believe she was killed by a disgruntled customer who thought the “witch” had cursed him, sources told The Post Thursday. Giuseppe Canzani, 41, allegedly admitted to shooting Anna Torres after she’d answered the door to her Ozone Park home around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday “because she was a witch,” according to sources. Canzani believed the clairvoyant — who did fortune and tarot card readings out of her home — had cast a spell on him and cursed him, one source said. “Yeah, that’s the woman I shot,” Canzani allegedly told detectives at the 106th Precinct station house about one hour after the fatal shooting at the home on 109th Avenue. “They tried to kill me.” “If I tell you what’s going on with me, you wouldn’t believe it,” he allegedly said. “Not for nothing, I am supposed to be dead already, that’s all I know. This woman, you guys will never understand. You would think I’m crazy.” Torres, the mother of an NYPD cop, had gotten into a huge fight with a client known as “Joey” sometime prior to the deadly confrontation, her daughter told investigators. David Aguilar, the slain woman’s distraught husband, said he learned about Torres’ death on the news. “I was at work and I seen it on the news,” he told reporters while on his way to the city morgue Thursday. “I said, ‘Hold up. That looks like my house.’ It was. “He smashed my world,” he added with tears in his eyes. “I’ve never seen him before. I wish I was able to get to him right now but I can’t.” The heartbroken hubby said his late wife “didn’t have a bad bone in her body.” “She was the best wife, the best mother,” he said, bursting into tears. “I want to know why he did that. I’m lost without her.” Police said two family members were inside the home at the time of the shooting — but neither was her cop son, sources said. Two shots were fired, with at least one of them striking Torres in the head, sources said. She was pronounced dead at the scene. “Just looking out the window I heard the shots and after that you hear the screams,” neighbor Michael Persaud told The Post. “Right after you heard the pop, pop, pop, you hear the screaming. It was muffled.” Persaud said another woman came out of the house yelling for police. Chilling surveillance video shows the gunman fleeing in a black Chevy Traverse after the shooting, NYPD Deputy Chief Jerry O’Sullivan said during a press briefing Wednesday night. Canzani, who is married and lives in Howard Beach, drove to the 106th Precinct station house about an hour later, placed a .45-caliber handgun on the sidewalk and surrendered to police, sources said. Two officers standing outside took him into custody without incident, O’Sullivan told reporters at the briefing. Canzani was questioned by detectives and allegedly gave the haunting confession before he was charged with murder and criminal possession of a loaded weapon. “I killed her because she was a witch,” he allegedly told cops. Police said he has no prior criminal record. The hulking accused killer said nothing as he was escorted from the precinct into a police car Thursday afternoon and driven to court for his arraignment, which is expected to take place later in the evening. Cops acknowledged that Canzani and Torres knew each other “to some extent,” but said the relationship does not appear to have been romantic. The incident was the first fatal shooting in the 106th Precinct this year. Last year, three others were shot and killed within the precinct boundaries, according to police. Residents in the close-knit neighborhood were stunned by the violence — and one neighbor said Canzani may have threatened the family weeks ago. Vick, who declined to give his last name, said he and others have seen the alleged shooter and his car around before. “I heard the family was threatened a few weeks ago by this guy, that he’s going to shoot somebody in the house, and the guy finally did something. I can’t say what it was for, I don’t have that information.” Neighbors say the family was friendly and known for hosting barbecues. “As far as the fortune-telling, I know that she used to read the cards,” Torres neighbor Anthony Archibald said. “But I didn’t know if she did it for people. She never asked me to do it. “She is a really quiet lady,” he said. “She’s really nice to everybody in this neighborhood. Plus, who’s gonna want to shoot a police officer’s mom? It just don’t make no sense at all.” Additional reporting by Larry Celona and Tina Moore