The Magic are on the clock. For the fourth time in franchise history, Orlando has the No. 1 pick, and the team may need all the time between now and June 23 to decide on its selection. There is no clear-cut No. 1. There are three high-level prospects who can all make a case for themselves. The Post spoke to three talent evaluators and all agreed you can’t go wrong with the top three of forwards Jabari Smith, Chet Holmgren and Paolo Banchero. One believed there wouldn’t be a clear-cut decision the day of the draft. “It’s pretty wide open. I really think you could rotate it,” one scout said. “It all depends on what you’re looking for. They all bring something different to the table.” It sets up an intriguing five weeks of guessing and debate after Tuesday night’s NBA Draft Lottery set the order. The Post offers a prediction on how the top 14 will go: The Magic have just one winning season in the last decade and can’t afford to gamble on Holmgren, as tantalizing as he may be. Smith is the safer choice: an elite-shooting big man who provides rim protection and is very similar in terms of versatility and two-way potential to standout Cavaliers rookie Evan Mobley. At his size and skill level, Holmgren is a unique talent. He shoots it from deep, he’s a defensive menace and he’s a natural fit for the modern, spaced-out NBA. The Minnesotan is the first college player in 28 years to make more than 40 3-pointers and block more than 100 shots in one season. The Thunder are in no rush in their slow-as-molasses rebuild, so he’ll have time to bulk up. The well-rounded Banchero would be No. 1 in some drafts, a multi-level scorer and secondary playmaker coming off a Final Four run with Duke. He joins Jalen Green, the Rockets’ second-overall pick a year ago, to give them an impressive scoring tandem for years to come. This will be the first big surprise of the draft: the point guard-heavy Kings going with the better fit. Mathurin profiles, at worst, as a 3-and-D prospect, and that might be selling him short. He’s physical, ultra-talented and has improved immensely in the last year. He’s the mystery man of this draft, a highly regarded shooting guard prospect who spent part of the year at Kentucky after arriving in Lexington in early January but didn’t play. Pairing him next to Cade Cunningham, the No. 1 pick of last year’s draft, gives the woeful Pistons an exciting duo to build around. The South Bend, Ind., native gets to stay close to home with the Pacers, giving their backcourt an immediate boost. An electric athlete, Ivey will thrive at the next level given more space to operate. In time, we’ll wonder how he fell all the way to six. Damian Lillard gets an immediate contributor by his side — as long as he stays put, and indications are he will — in the Iowa star. Murray is a big wing who shoots it at a high clip from distance, was fourth in the nation in scoring a year ago and is a better defender than advertised. Consistency is a question, but not talent for the White Plains native. Griffin nearly shot 50 percent from deep for Duke as a one-and-done freshman, and possesses the raw athleticism that should make him much more than just a spot-up shooter in time. He defends, he can play multiple positions and he has underrated playmaking skills. Sounds like a Gregg Popovich type of player. Duren is raw offensively, but he is already an adept rim protector and finisher around the basket who can make a difference at the defensive end, and hold his own in the paint from a strength standpoint. The Knicks have needed a point guard for years, and there’s clearly no secret regarding their affinity for Kentucky players. Washington has good size for a point guard, is a capable shooter and his relentless motor will endear him to Tom Thibodeau immediately. One of the youngest players in the draft, the Ohio State freshman sharpshooter was identified as a sleeper by one scout, a high-ceiling prospect with ample room for growth. The Big Ten Player of the Year gives the Hornets more shooting and scoring on the wing, another weapon at LaMelo Ball’s disposal. He rebounds well for his size, and his 3-point shooting, just 30 percent this past season, will improve as he won’t be asked to create his own shot nearly as much. The Cavaliers still need more offensive firepower to continue their climb in the rugged Eastern Conference, and the skilled Agbaji would be a microwave scorer off the bench.