With meals to prepare, a house to clean, chores to complete, schedules to keep and little humans to care for – it’s no surprise many moms are exhausted. But would you recognize the signs this had gone too far – and you were heading for burnout? Calvin Smith, 37, is a self-care consultant from Liverpool, UK. He tells The Sun the signs moms need to look out for – and what to do if you’re experiencing burnout… Are you suddenly feeling your patience is running thin? Like little mistakes you would normally let go have you all worked up? If you feel triggered by your child spilling milk or you stepping on a toy left out in the front room, you might be heading for burnout. If you find yourself yelling even though you KNOW you’re being too harsh, but you just can’t help it, it could well be burnout. Are you starting to feel bitter towards your husband? Like he should be home more, help out with chores or be like someone else’s husband? Perhaps you’re starting to blame everyone at home for your exhaustion and wonder why they can’t make life easier for you. Or maybe you wish your kids would grow up sooner, so they can clear up after themselves. Most people can run a bit behind schedule, while knowing you’ll soon get back on track. But it is different when you are burnt out. Household chores feel like a burden. The laundry is piling up, you have a basket full of clothes waiting to be ironed, and the house is in a mess. And rather than tackling the work, you feel like you have no energy left. Do you find your mind wandering, imagining how life could be different? Questioning if your life would be better or easier if you weren’t a mom? Thoughts of weekend getaways with friends, late-night dates, sleepovers and a carefree life might spring to mind. “When did I last have a peaceful night of uninterrupted sleep?” you ask yourself. If you are constantly regretting starting a family and wishing you could go back to the life before kids, it’s time to seek help. Maybe you forgot to clean your kid’s soccer uniform and he has a game in an hour. Or you are running late and now you have to call for takeout again. Does looking around your home make you feel like a failure, or like you’re living in mess? Comparison is also a warning sign. If you find yourself scrolling social media, feeling like everyone else has things together better than you, it’s time to act. So how can you get out of the burnout rut? Taking a break can be the last thing on your mind with all the things you have to tick off the list. But continuing to work in a state of fatigue only makes it worse. Take some time off to just relax and rewind. A spa day or time with your girlfriends could be just the tonic you need. Make sure you prioritize sleep, too. All that pent-up stress can be harmful to your health if you don’t find a way to let it out. Getting creative can be therapeutic as it gives you a good way to express your feelings. Bake some cookies, plant a garden or do some crocheting. Try a few things, until you settle on one that works. The worst thing you can do is compare yourself to other moms. Cut yourself some slack and practice self-compassion. You are already doing the best that you can. You need to give yourself a pat on the back, and stop looking down on yourself for being human. Keep in mind that what works for another mom might not work for you. You have your own strengths as well. Take it easy and find what works for you. Moms need all the help that they can get, so make sure yo ask for help when you need it. Ensure you have people you can turn to when life starts feeling overwhelming. Work on your relationships with the people around you. You could maybe join a group of other moms. Sometimes all you need is to hear others are going through the same struggles as you. At the end of the day, many moms sacrifice their rest, me-time and health for the sake of the family. Unfortunately, constantly working that way leads to burnout. If you are seeing the above listed telltale signs, you need to take action. Take a break, ask for help and find ways to calm your mind. Most importantly, stop comparing yourself. You are already doing more than enough. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.