Are TikTok trends inspiring you to take better care of your skin? With self-care and facial routines taking center stage on the apps, there seems to be a revolving door of “it” products that promise to revolutionize your look. But if you’re looking for a surefire combination that promises plump, hydrated, and glowing skin without gimmicks, look no further than the Posh Skin Microdermabrasion Rejuvenation Kit + Jade Roller Bundle. This dynamic duo is on sale now for $74.99 — 62% off the usual price — saving you over $100 for a limited time. Posh Skin is ready to help you upgrade your daily skincare routine with this awesome combination. Kick things off with the Microdermabrasion Kit, which lets you receive all the benefits of a professional Microdermabrasion treatment right in the comfort of your own bathroom. No expensive prices and annoying salon visits required! This Microdermabrasion Kit is easy-to-use at home and only takes five minutes per treatment. It’s equipped with a diamond tip that polishes away and deeply cleanses your skin, and a perfectly tuned vacuum that works to unclog your pores and helps remove toxins in the process. The suction helps increase blood flow and triggers natural collagen production, stimulating new cell growth and helping you invest in better skin with each use. Say goodbye to dead skin cells and hello to refined pores with each use. It also helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and light acne scarring. Once you’ve taken advantage of Microdermabrasion, turn to your Posh Skin Jade Face Roller and find out what all the hype is about. This roller helps calm the nervous system, while producing circulation and encouraging skin cell rejuvenation. You’ll combat puffiness and water retention as you relax and roll the jade over your face with this tool that has been used for centuries in traditional Chinese medicine. Ready to have flawless skin this spring? Snag the Posh Skin Microdermabrasion Rejuvenation Kit + Jade Roller Bundle for just $74.99 for a limited time. Prices subject to change.