Aaron Hicks set a goal for a 30-30 season and on Memorial Day he was – let me get the calculator out – just 29 homers and 25 steals away from that. Joey Gallo expressed comfort in a second season in New York and how that would show in his production. Yet the first two months of 2022 mimic the final two of 2021 – worse, actually. Gallo continues to look as comfortable in New York as Joc Pederson and Tommy Pham in the same fantasy football league. The goodwill, good vibes, and good hopes of spring training have dissolved for Hicks and Gallo. The Yankees have built the AL’s best record in spite of them. But where can they go with them? Can they hold on to win their second division title in a decade? Can they win a second World Series since 2001? The Yankees credo is that they play annually to win it all. But does anyone believe that Hicks and especially Gallo will hit the best pitching in the biggest moments? One quarter into the season, the Yankees have one of the most productive outfielders in the majors (Aaron Judge) and two of the least. Hicks is 32 percent below MLB average in OPS factoring in league and park, and Gallo is 33 percent. And there is no hiding them – even if Aaron Boone dropped Gallo to ninth in the order over the weekend. The Yankees recalibrated in the offseason, willingly conceding offense at shortstop and catcher to become a more-rounded team; specifically better on defense. It hasn’t been perfect. Isiah Kiner-Falefa is not quite the defender that the Yankees envisioned, but he is fine, and – vitally – he moved Gleyber Torres to second, where he is a good defender and hitting better. Kyle Higashioka’s offense is even worse than anticipated, but in combination with Jose Trevino, they have provided strong catching that has served as the nerve center to the Yankees’ exquisite run prevention. But the Yankees sacrificed offense at two central defensive positions because, they imagined, eight strong hitters for the other seven spots. But in many ways, they have reverted to last year when the offense was carried by Giancarlo Stanton and especially Judge. Stanton is even back on the IL for a few weeks in May with a leg strain, just like last year. Torres has rediscovered his clutch nature and power, but he still has just a .282 on-base percentage. Anthony Rizzo has been a before-and-after picture: .284 average/.1.094 OPS/.nine homers through April 29; .158/.569/two since. DJ LeMahieu is a pop-less .250. Josh Donaldson was the reverse of Rizzo, coming on in May before succumbing to both his inappropriate and injury-prone natures. But all were MVP candidates compared to Hicks and Gallo, who have struggled on both sides of the ball. Both the eye test and metrics reveal two of the majors’ worst defensive outfielders. That is particularly troublesome for Gallo. The Yankees obtained Gallo for varied parts they deemed excellent that would overcome his low average and high strikeouts. His defense was among those traits. But Gallo is like the 20-point, 10-rebound guy on a bad team, whose skills do not translate to a winning environment. He pridefully refuses to adapt to situations. In the macro, lots of homers and walks can look good on a spreadsheet when divining Wins Above Replacement. But in the micro, there are a lot of 3-2, 4-3 games – especially big games – in which the moment dictates more nuanced skills in which Gallo verges on useless; in part, because he so consistently seems overwhelmed and defeated by the moment. Plus, in 2022, he is not even giving the macro skills. His walks and power are down significantly. At the trade deadline last year, he cost the Yankees a pitcher (Glenn Otto) currently in the Ranger rotation and three of Texas’ top 13 prospects (Josh Smith, Ezequiel Duran, Trevor Hauver), according to MLB.com. Even if the Yankees can flip Gallo now in his walk year, they would receive far less in return for a player whose .162 average since arriving last July 30 is the majors’ lowest among 159 players with 300 plate appearances. Padres GM A.J. Preller, instrumental in Gallo’s drafting in Texas, has been perceived as a fan and has a struggling offense – could Preller think that outside New York that Gallo would at least return as a walk/homer force? Hicks has three years and $30.5 million left on his contract after this season. Short of eating most of the money or taking back an equal or worse deal, Hicks would be unmovable. Internally, the Yanks can see if Miguel Andujar, with regular at-bats, rediscovers his stellar 2018 rookie campaign. Estevan Florial is like the backup quarterback every fan wants until they see him play. Ender Inciarte or Tim Locastro might help on defense, but they are not solving offensive shortcomings. The trade market is not open yet, but if it were, the horrible teams are horrible for a reason. There are not obvious difference makers. Expect Andrew Benintendi (Royals), Kole Calhoun (Rangers), Ian Happ (Cubs), and David Peralta (Diamondbacks) to be among the available – perhaps Brian Anderson if the Marlins ever deem themselves out of contention. Baltimore’s Cedric Mullins and Pittsburgh’s Brian Reynolds, so desirable in the offseason, are not playing nearly as well on either side of the ball – yet the asking price would still be staggering. So, for now, the Yankees remain in need of revivals from Hicks and Gallo, whose failures have damaged the team’s lefty diversity, too. The Yankees can hope the duo regains form as Hicks moves further from wrist surgery and Gallo further from Texas. But hope, belief, and patience for the pair is rapidly expiring.