Everyone always says how awkward it would be if someone was to make an “objection” during a wedding ceremony. But one woman completely ignored that fact as she decided to pull a prank on her sister’s big day – and it completely backfired. “My (23F) sister (27F) got engaged about 2 years ago,” she wrote on Reddit’s Am I The Asshole? forum as she sought support that her joke was funny. “I don’t hate her. We were never the closest of sisters due to our age difference but we didn’t hate each other. “Her fiancé (now husband) is a great man. I really am happy for them. “So fast forward to the wedding ceremony, when the priest finally said ‘are there any objections?’ I stood up and said ‘I object.. (long pause) because this couple is way too cute for each other!’ “I really just said it as a joke. “I thought it was something we could all laugh about at reception. “But I could visibly see the colour drain off my sister’s face the moment I stood up.” She said that her joke “didn’t really get any laughs” and her sister “looked away – pretending that she didn’t care but I knew she probably did.” “I sat down and the ceremony continued,” she wrote. “At the reception, I went to my sister and congratulated her, but she absolutely blew up. “She told me my joke wasn’t funny and that I ruined her mood, her happiness, and her special day. I was shocked.” Insisting that the prank “wasn’t even that big of a deal”, she continued: “I was joking, not actually objecting. I argued back with those points and she just walked away from me. “This morning, I woke up with tons of notifications from my family members saying I’m an AH for doing that. “But I think everyone was just overreacting, it was truly just a joke…… so, am I the asshole?” However, while the woman was looking for people to back her up that she’d been funny with her actions, the majority of people argued that she’d been anything but. “Way to cause a scene on their big day. How desperate for attention are you?” one wrote. As a real-life minister added: “Minister here: it gets worse. Some places if someone objects during the ceremony you’re required to stop and investigate even if it’s a joke. “Some officiants won’t even continue the ceremony that day. OP could’ve literally derailed the whole wedding.” “The only way a bride is finding this funny is if you object during rehearsal/walkthrough. Not the actual f**king wedding,” a third commented. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.