Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery — but not for Danny DeVito, according to Bobby Moynihan. The former “Saturday Night Live” comedian, 45, did an impression of the “Taxi” star, 77, on a couple of episodes of the late-night sketch show in 2015 and it turns out DeVito wasn’t too happy about it. Moynihan stopped by “Late Night with Seth Meyers” recently and divulged that DeVito, now 77, pounced on him and his two friends following the “SNL” episode. “Right after I played him on the show — that night, directly after the show, I had two of my buddies Mike and Rob from high school with me,” said Moynihan, who left “SNL” in 2017. “And I get them to the party and we pull up to the party and it’s the coolest,” Moynihan continued. “And I walk past a car and get, like, yanked.” Moynihan first thought he was going to be assaulted. However, it was just the “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” star playfully screaming, “You think it’s funny playing me?!” But DeVito was only joking, adding the phrase: “I love ya, kid.” “I just got attacked by Danny DeVito in front of my high school buddies. I made it,” the “Mr. Mayor” actor quipped to the talk show host. Moynihan parodied DeVito in a “Star Wars” audition in one episode, and in another for a sketch about Nespresso. DeVito recently spoke to The Post at the premiere of his newest movie, “The Survivor,” admitting that he sees himself as a contradiction — someone who is tough but soft. “I’m very emotional,” he said. “This movie that won the Academy Award? ‘CODA,’ [I saw it] three times — at home, thank God, because I was blubbering.” However, the Golden Globe winner says he loves to “break balls.” He added, “I’m from New Jersey. So in Jersey, one of the major things for kids to do, boys and girls, is to break balls. Constantly.” DeVito also revealed that he likes being recognized by fans. “I’m glad — I love people. I’m happy about that,” he gushed. “I’m doing a lot of stuff, I love work, so I keep working, and I love that I’ve got fans and an audience, so it’s good.”