A Michigan woman who was being sought for the cold-blooded killings of her boyfriend and brother was found dead from an apparent suicide Monday, authorities said. Police officers discovered the body of 22-year-old Ruby Taverner at around 10 a.m. in a wooded area behind the Independence Square Apartments in Independence Township, northwest of Detroit. They said Taverner, who was wanted in connection with the double homicide, died of what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Cops also said they recovered a Glock 43X handgun next to Taverner’s body. “It’s a terrible situation. It always seems to be magnified when you get someone who commits something horrible like that — a homicide — and then kills themselves,” Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard said, according to reporting by ABC News. “You almost wonder what was the point to this whole thing? You never get any answers that satisfy those questions because, now, all parties are deceased.” Police previously described the 5-foot-2, 115-pound Taverner as “armed and dangerous,” saying she was suspected of killing her brother, 22-year-old Bishop Taverner, and her boyfriend, 26-year-old Ray Muscat, on Mother’s Day. Ruby Taverner, who was born male, and her brother, Bishop, were two of a set of triplets, according to family members speaking to Fox 2 Detroit. Bishop Taverner and Muscat were found dead at the Independence Township apartment complex on Dixie Highway early Sunday, after neighbors called 911 to report the sound of gunshots. Bishop was found in the living room with a single gunshot wound to the head, according to police. Muscat’s body was discovered in a rear bedroom. Police said Ruby Taverner and Ray Muscat had lived together, but it was unclear how long they had been in a romantic relationship. Taverner’s cellphone and car were found at the scene of the shooting. Cops said they believe she fled on foot after the slayings. The sheriff said a preliminary investigation into the double homicide has determined that the men’s killings were premeditated, although no motive has been found yet. “You don’t typically find someone shot in the head one time unless they just kind of coolly and calmly walked up and did it,” Bouchard said. According to the sheriff, it is believed that Taverner suffered from some unspecified mental health problems. If you are struggling with suicidal thoughts or are experiencing a mental health crisis and live in New York City, you can call 1-888-NYC-WELL for free and confidential crisis counseling. If you live outside the five boroughs, you can dial the 24/7 National Suicide Prevention hotline at 1-800-273-8255 or go to SuicidePreventionLifeline.org.