We’ve been dishing out deals on deals lately from Amazon, Best Buy, Madewell, Wayfair and more. But, for the beauty lovers, no other compares to Sephora’s Memorial Day Sale. Offering your favorite beauty steals at a whopping 50% off, you’ll want to gather your VIB Insider card and get shopping. Think: full-coverage foundation, creamy concealer, pigmented eyeshadow palettes and more. Oh, and the Memorial Day deals aren’t limited to Sephora Collection, either (though we love its catalog of products). Brands like Fenty Beauty by Rihanna, KVD Beauty, Natasha Denona, Urban Decay and more are slashing prices for a limited time. Below, we rounded up some essentials worth picking up. Whether you’re looking to toss them in your work tote or designer clutch, they’re perfect for those glam touch-ups. For less than $20 right now, Fenty Beauty by Rihanna’s Pro Filt’r Hydrating Longwear Foundation is that add-to-cart motion you need to get to ASAP. Not only is it available in an extensive shade range but it has a decadent, natural finish that’s the Goldilocks-medium coverage of our dreams (plus, it’s buildable). As the best longlasting concealer we tested, KVD Beauty’s Lock-It Concealer Crème takes the cake for actually covering up blemishes, dark spots and even tattoos. The matte formula doesn’t shine throughout the day (perfect for oily skin, especially) and will soon become your go-to concealer. Yes, we found the dreamiest liquid eyeliner that’s less than $15. For that unbeatable cat-eye or wing-tip, Bite Beauty’s Upswing Extreme Longwear Liquid Eyeliner makes it virtually seamless to apply, much ado to its precise brush and budge-free formula. For that bronze-goddess glam (that looks natural, no less), pick up Natasha Denona’s Blush Duo. It’s the highlighter and bronzer combo that’s perfect for your on-the-go refresh, and it comes in a few different shades to match your complexion perfectly. Single shadows for just $6 a pop? Yes, please! As a community favorite, Sephora Collection’s Colorful Eyeshadow comes in a variety of finishes — including glitter, shimmer, metallic and matte — so you can customize your eye look head-on (or rather, brush-on). We can’t stop recommending these IRL, too. With the perfect lip liner (ahem, Charlotte TIlbury’s “Pillow Talk“), a clear lip gloss is what will complete that cult-favorite shiny look. Impressively priced at $10 right now, Urban Decay’s Vice Plumping Shine Lip Balm is a hidden gem among the treasure chest of Sephora’s on-sale items. If there’s one component of our beauty routines we must complete, it’s defining the brows. KVD Beauty’s Signature Brow Precision Pencil will help you fill in sparse spots like a pro, and its waterproof formula and cruelty-free make are features to rave about. As one of the best Sephora deals we found, Natasha Denona’s Transformatte Pore-Vanishing Matte Foundation is a steal for less than $25, especially if you have mature skin or simply prefer a lightweight and buildable face product. Plus, it’s super hydrating. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.