The Manhattan-to-Hamptons helicopter crowd is beach bummed. Travel and Leisure recently released its selection of the 25 best beaches in the United States, and not one of the South Fork’s exclusive strands made the list. Nor did other Northeast costly coastal enclaves like Long Beach Island or Martha’s Vineyard. Instead, they were edged out by the working-class oases of Coney Island, Rockaway and Asbury Park, NJ. “Coney Island packs more excitement into a block of boardwalk than most beaches have in miles,” Eric Gatoff, CEO of Coney Island’s landmark Nathan’s Famous, raved triumphantly to The Post upon hearing the news. “This beach is truly special.” Coney Island in Brooklyn was touted by Travel and Leisure for its “miles of sandy shore … rich in history and tradition” and of course for its iconic amusement parks. Rockaway Beach in Queens was dubbed “a weekend heaven” for its subway-accessible “white sand, five-mile boardwalk and surfer-worthy waves.” The juke-joint town of Asbury Park was lauded for its “lively, clean, white-sand beach” and, across the street, its “fabled” bar The Stone Pony, “made famous by locals Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi.” The raves for blue-collar beaches at the expense of luxe celebrity surf spots mark a triumph of substance over style — especially when reported by upscale glossy mag Travel and Leisure. Ritzy Two Mile Hollow Beach is accessible from Blade‘s East 23rd Street landing pad to East Hampton Airport via helicopter for $1,025. Rockaway Beach is accessible from the Port Authority Terminal via the A train for $2.75. The copter crowd refuels after a day splashing in the surf on $55 rack of lamb at Le Chef in Southampton. Subway sun-seekers satiate themselves with $7 boardwalk burgers at Paul’s Daughter on the Coney Island boardwalk. “New York City surprises and delights,” beamed NYCGo spokesman Christopher Heywood, touting the 14 miles of beach managed by the city that offer “one-of-a-kind summer recreational opportunities” in the heart of Gotham. The list launched cries that Travel and Leisure editors must have suffered sunstroke while researching the story. “Strangest beach list I’ve ever seen,” @saltybluecoffeeco wrote on Instagram. “I agree with maybe 2.” The selection process reeks of left-wing bias, argued others, who noted that Florida, with its year-round sunshine and 1,350 miles of coastline, earned just one beach on the Travel and Leisure list even as New York City boasts two “America’s-best” beaches. “Political hit job against (Governor) DeSantis and Florida,” claimed @davidgardner3273.