Jennifer Lopez put on a brave face after failing to nab a nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 2020 Oscars. But the superstar was secretly devastated by the snub after wowing critics with her role as a scheming stripper in “Hustlers.” The full extent of Lopez’s sorrow is revealed for the first time in the Netflix documentary “Halftime,” set for release next month. In a new trailer for the doc that dropped Wednesday, the actress is seen sobbing in bed after being overlooked for the honor by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. “It was hard. I just had a very low self-esteem,” Lopez lamented in a voiceover. “I had to really figure out who I was and believe in that and not believe in anything else,” she forlornly added. Lopez has long struggled with self-doubt about her career, telling The Post in 2018: “Everybody was like, ‘She can’t sing. She can’t dance. She can’t act. She’s just a pretty face or her butt is big,’ or whatever they were saying about me. I started thinking, ‘Yeah, that’s true,’ and it really hurt me for a long time. “Despite the hurt and the pain, I just kept going. I just couldn’t allow myself to let that become who I was,” she added. Lopez was considered a sure thing for a Best Supporting Actress nomination after wowing critics with her role as a scheming stripper named Ramona. However, the starlet missed out on the widely expected 2020 nom, with Laura Dern, Kathy Bates, Scarlett Johansson, Florence Pugh and  Margot Robbie named as the five finalists. Dern went on to win the Oscar for her role in “Marriage Story.” Lopez has long struggled to be taken seriously as an actress, despite acclaimed roles in “Out of Sight” and the cult classic “Selena.” The starlet also appeared in rom-com staples “The Wedding Planner” and “Maid in Manhattan,” but those films failed to impress critics. Meanwhile, her screen career suffered a serious setback after she starred alongside husband-to-be Ben Affleck in 2002’s “Gigli,” which was widely panned by multiple critics and even deemed one of the worst movies of the decade. “Halftime,” is set to premiere at New York’s Tribeca Festival on June 8 before arriving on Netflix on June 14. The doc will see the star reflect on her milestones and evolution as an actress and artist, including her Super Bowl 2020 half time show and her appearance at President Joe Biden’s 2021 inauguration. Lopez’s documentary was first announced in February after she signed a multiyear, first-look deal with Netflix involving her Nuyorican Productions last year.