SAN FRANCISCO — Jacob deGrom’s rehab has moved north to Queens. The Mets ace has shifted his workouts to Citi Field after spending the last several weeks in Florida, according to pitching coach Jeremy Hefner, as organizational officials look to monitor deGrom more closely in his rehab from a stress reaction on his right scapula. “He’s getting closer to some of the things that we need to see him to do to progress in his throwing program,” Hefner said. “We want to get him around the team and around the guys, and he’s a good presence to have around, too.” DeGrom is throwing on a flat ground, according to Hefner, with it to be determined when he might get on the mound. “He is starting to gain some momentum in his throwing program toward getting on the mound, but we’re still some ways from it,” Hefner said. Once deGrom returns to throwing from a mound, the Mets can start looking toward live batting practice or minor league rehab appearances. Meanwhile, Tylor Megill’s rehab could take a significant step this weekend. As the right-hander continues to play catch on flat ground, the Mets are hopeful he can begin throwing from a mound once the team returns home from this trip, according to Hefner. Megil has been on the injured list since May 15 with right biceps inflammation “It’s definitely trending in the right way with Tylor,” Hefner said. After Tuesday’s 13-12 loss, Buck Showalter officially named Thomas Szapucki as Wednesday’s starting pitcher. Szapucki owns a 2.86 ERA in seven appearances for Triple-A Syracuse. Last year he pitched 3²/₃ innings in relief for the Mets before he underwent ulnar nerve transposition surgery that ended his season. “He’s always had a good arm, it’s just a matter of staying healthy,” Showalter said. “If he gets an opportunity we hope it’s the start of something good, because he’s got the ability.” The Mets’ June 12 game in Anaheim has been picked up by ESPN’s Sunday Night Baseball and will start at 7:08 p.m. The Mets are also the Sunday Night game this weekend against the Phillies. The Mets’ 29-15 record entering Tuesday was the fourth-best mark after 44 games in franchise history. Only the 1988 (31-13), 1986 (31-13) and 1972 (31-13) teams were better.