Two weeks ago, I reported Caroline Kennedy’s two dogs romped off-leash in a park area requiring all animals ON leash. Those who witnessed it say her entitlement exceeds rules. Maybe a day later, Ellen Burstyn was “knocked down in the park by a dog running OFF-LEASH.” The dog may be OK. Ellen’s not. The excited puppy appeared not trained. Jumping at her, it caught Ellen at the knee. She fell down hard. Her wrist is broken in two places. Ellen Burstyn’s busy schedule includes being co-president of the Actors Studio. She’s shooting — or supposed to be shooting — a “Law & Order” in Brooklyn this week. And her new series “First Ladies” bows on Showtime this month. Lawsuit? Sighed Ellen’s assistant: “The dog’s owner lives in Ellen’s building.” SUMMER’s new place to visit — besides to your TV to shut off the enlarged brain of Dr. Fauci — is Iceland. It brings me back to an old story. 1999. Mick Jagger’s in remote Ísafjörður on its western coast for hiking, biking and bird-watching. Also for a wildlife reserve of puffins, guillemots and whatever kittiwakes are. He pronounced correctly tongue-twisters like fjord Ísafjörður, plus he scoured bookshelves for Icelandic sagas. One day bicycling his serenity went poop. A senior gent kept pursuing him. Then finally shouted: “Please . . . please . . . I’m your biggest fan. My wife and I went to 14 of your concerts around the world. What are you doing here?” The antique was Ólafur Helgi Kjartansson, the town’s chief justice. Enjoy the trip to Reykjavík . . . AND Michael Douglas quote: “Doing sex scenes in films isn’t easy. It’s like learning a dance. You have to make your moves bit by bit. It’s a case of you put your hand here first — then you’ll do this — and that.” ON the Roe v. Wade front. Kindly understand it is beyond rare that Appellate Court leaks seep from judges or law clerks. Most emanate from print shops. People ready for retirement — who might collect big bucks from selling “drafts.” If you asked me how I know, I can only speculate. Republicans limping for office — like Florida’s enlarged brain DeSantis — take credit for banning certain racial school topics, which rarely were taught in the first place. Calm heads say to prohibit horrors visited on this country by slavery, be mindful of Martin Luther King’s “Human beings doing wrong eventually reach out for some rationalization and to cover up an obvious wrong with the beautiful garments of righteousness.” Replacing “enslavement,” America’s recognizing “emancipation,” All people created equal. “American Exceptionalism” traces to Alexis de Tocqueville’s “Democracy in America”: the ability to recognize faults in our democracy — and remedy them. May DeSantis continue squeezing oranges. NEW deodorant coming for the Hamptons. Emits the odor of chlorine. It’s for people who want others to think they have a swimming pool. Only in New York, kids, only in New York.