More than 4,700 weapons have been recovered in New York City schools since the return to in-person classes in the fall, according to police data released Wednesday. Over half of those were pepper spray and knives, which school officials suggested students could be bringing out of fear of violence that might erupt after the dismissal bell rings. “Even in our schools that have not had — up until now — any significant issues, they’re expressing all kinds of anxiety because there are issues happening outside of the schools,” said Schools Chancellor David Banks at a town hall in Queens. Close to 1,400 pepper sprays have been recovered so far this school year, compared to 186 all last year — though classes were at times remote then due to the pandemic. Knives under four inches have accounted for more than 1,100 recoveries since the fall, but just 774 last school year. At school facilities, 16 guns have been recovered, including two firearms since the late winter. Five guns were found last school year. Tasers have topped at 416 this school year, compared to 42 the year prior. School safety agents are also seeing more metal knuckles than in years past — from 18 in 2020-21 to 104 in 2021-22. “The kids bring in weapons, but they’re not bringing it to use it on their classmates in school,” Banks told families on Tuesday night. “They’re concerned about what’s happening two blocks away from the school.” On Wednesday, a student was shot across the street from Maspeth High School in Elmhurst, where the school was put on lockdown in the afternoon. Mark Rampersant, security director at the Department of Education, told the Queens parents that Banks, Mayor Eric Adams and Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell are in “lockstep” to ensure students throughout the school system are safe. He said a second class of 250 school safety agents under the Adams administration are already in training. Banks, a former school safety officer, told families he grew up in a “police house” — his father was part of the NYPD for almost three decades, and his brother is the deputy mayor for public safety. The chancellor, who acknowledged he’s met with groups who want fewer officers in school, said “I for one value them tremendously.” “You can’t learn if you’re not safe,” Banks said. Additional reporting by Craig McCarthy.