Baseball bettors have a full 15-game slate to select from today, but expert bettors are targeting a few specific contests. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified the following three sides that trigger a majority of the above factors. Without further hesitation, here are the recommendations. The Braves and Marlins open a three-game series today in Miami and bettors like the Marlins as home underdogs. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Marlins moneyline, which opened at a consensus +125 price but now has a top price of +104. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the hosts. Despite receiving only 35 percent of all moneyline bets, the Marlins have received 58 percent of the total moneyline handle. That qualifies as the second-largest percentage delta amongst teams receiving less than 50 percent of bets. Lastly, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Marlins to give it a third and final signal in its favor. Miami Marlins Moneyline (+104) The Rangers dropped the series opener 5-1 in Houston, but experts are backing it to bounce back tonight. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Rangers, which opened as a +140 underdog in Houston but now have prices ranging from +148 to +158 as of this writing. Additionally, big money bettors are getting behind the visitors tonight too. As of this writing, the Rangers have seen only 15 percent of all moneyline bets against 49 percent of the total handle (the highest percentage delta amongst teams receiving under 50 percent of bets). Finally, the Rangers have an Action Network PRO system — Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams — that triggers the Rangers. That system, which looks for visiting underdogs against teams with a 60 percent winning percentage on a small winning or losing streak, has a 41 percent historical win rate against an 11 percent return on investment. Texas Rangers Moneyline (+158)  After claiming two of three against the White Sox, the Royals welcome the Twins to Kansas City where bettors like it to get a third win in four games. We’ve seen sharp action coming in on the Royals, which opened as +100 home underdogs but now have a top price of +115 available at this writing. Additionally, big money bettors like the looks of Kansas City tonight. Thus far, the Royals have seen 36 percent of all moneyline bets against 53 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is backing the Royals tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. Kansas City Royals Moneyline (+115)