Everything you do is a reflection of who you are as a person. From the way you interact with others to your choice of shoes, every decision you make can let others know whether you’re trustworthy, shy, or spontaneous. Well, turns out that the way you eat can also reveal your true self. Julia Hormes, Ph.D., a psychologist specializing in food behavior, and Juliet Boghossian, a behavioral food expert, told HuffPost that food-related behaviors can reveal a lot. Per Reader’s Digest, if you tend to eat slow, you like to be in control of situations and know how to appreciate life. On the other hand, people who like to eat fast tend to be ambitious and impatient. People who are adventurous and love to try new foods are likely to exhibit anxiety and neuroticism. This is a tendency to feel “negative” emotions like anger and irritability. Lastly, if you’re someone who likes to separate the foods on your plate, you’re very cautious and detail-oriented in your everyday life. So, which one are you? Previously, an optician had explained that your choice of glasses tends to reveal a lot as well. Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Eva Dave said: “Firstly, it’s important to understand that style is very personal.” “And when it comes to eyewear, what one person feels ridiculous in, another person will feel empowered and sexy wearing. “What one person feels intelligent and distinguished in, another will feel drained of all personality wearing.” If you tend to be drawn to glasses that are artistic and different, in unique colors, and asymmetrical shapes, then it’s likely you’re an artist at heart, a free thinker, and emotionally deep. If vibrant, bold, and fashion-forward frames in strong angular shapes and bright block colors are more your styles, Eva noted that you’re likely a very strong character. The good old romantic is the most feminine of the style personalities, according to Eva, while frames with clean lines, classic shapes, and neutral colors, suggest you want to be seen as a well-respected member of society and not stand for the wrong reason. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.