The Hollywood lawyer who allegedly loaned Hunter Biden $2 million-plus to pay off his tax debts is reportedly working on a documentary about the scandal-scarred first son’s life since he came under scrutiny for his controversial overseas business dealings. The project is apparently part of the legal and media strategy being developed by Kevin Morris amid an ongoing federal grand jury probe of Biden over potential tax fraud, money laundering and violations of lobbying laws. It was revealed by a Democratic Party source in Washington, DC, according to CBS News, which first reported on the connections between the two men. Morris’ clients include “South Park” creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker — for whom he helped negotiate blockbuster deals reportedly worth nearly $1.5 billion — and he was a co-producer of their Tony-winning, hit Broadway musical “The Book of Mormon.” He previously co-produced the cult classic 1997 documentary “Hands on a Hardbody,” about an endurance contest in Texas to win a Nissan truck, and was an executive producer of the 2004 documentary “Waiting for the Snow to Fall” about the jam band “The String Cheese Incident.” Morris is referred to by Biden’s pals as the latest “sugar brother” to President Joe Biden’s son, a source familiar with their relationship has told The Post. In addition to floating the cost of Hunter Biden’s IRS bills — which could reportedly make it harder for prosecutors to win a conviction or lengthy sentence against the first son for tax evasion — Morris covers the rent on Hunter Biden’s $20,000-a-month home in swank Malibu, California, and other living expenses, according to the source. He’s also been advising the first son regarding the sales of his artwork, which have raised questions about potential influence peddling, the source said. Morris is a founding member of the firm Morris Yorn Barnes Levine in Los Angeles, which has represented Hollywood celebrities such as Matthew McConaughey, Ellen DeGeneres, Scarlett Johansson, Liam Hemsworth and Chris Rock. He no longer works at the firm. When The Post attempted to contact Morris at his Malibu residence recently to ask about his dealings with Hunter Biden, his wife slammed the door in a reporter’s face and refused to answer questions. The White House has said that a deal it struck with gallery owner Georges Berges would ensure that all buyers remain anonymous and keep their identities secret from both Hunter Biden and his father’s administration. Morris’ office confirmed to CBS that he’s helping Hunter Biden with his legal and image problems, and Biden lawyer Chris Clark told the network that Morris was serving as both an “attorney and trusted adviser.” Neither Morris nor Clark returned messages from The Post asking about the connection between Morris’ financial assistance to Hunter Biden and his reported documentary project.