It’s time to tropic like its hot and welcome the upcoming summer season. If you’re on board, then grab your swim suits, pack some sunscreen and jump in the pool. Better yet, stock up one some coveted summer items, such as a pair of sunglasses, shorts and some must-have hats to shade you from the sun. J. Crew is also determined to help you out in your summer clothing pursuits. Therefore, the brand is offering shoppers 50% off sunny styles. But we must warn you — the styles are so good, you’re going to want to snag them all. We’d also act fast, as this mega half-off sale ends on May 19. So if you want the perfect discounted summer styles before they’re gone, keep reading. Shop all women’s 50% off sale. Made with over 60% recycled materials, this squareneck one-piece swimsuit features a ruched panel and comes in five various colors. The thick straps and hip coverage are also too good to pass up on. Available in warm maize, wildfire, tea rose and navy, this button-down makes for the perfect going out dress or swimsuit cover-up. Details such as the loose-fitting sleeves, lightweight tiers and organic cotton fabric make it one-of-a-kind. Choose from black, navy and radiant fuchsia to land your dream suit. This one features a deep V-neck, an open back and thick straps. It’s timeless and classic. Set sail in this harbour cutout dress. Details include ties at the shoulders, a midi length, four tiers, ruched straps and more. Choose from four different colors. This hot pink suit is coming in, well, hot! Featuring a modern take on a classic ’90s style, this swimsuit features a back tie, customizable support and an open back. Shop all men’s 50% off sale. Available in six patterns and colors, these modern trunks are slim fitting, featuring a drawstring waist and feature a mesh lining. They look so good, we’d say you can even wear them out to brunch before a beach day. Five colors and one soft sweater. Combining cotton and silk refinement, you’re never going to want to take this one off. Oh, and did we mention is machine washable? Choose from over 29 different patterns and colors to find your perfect pair of summer swim trunks. They’re comfortable, versatile and even feature UPF 50 protection. These flip flops are anything but ordinary. They are comfortable, feature a soft nylon strap and include a textured rubber sole. There’s no denying that you need these, so you might want to add them to your cart while you can. Choose from 13 colors and enjoy a pair of swim trunks that are as cool as you. Details include a drawstring waist, a slim fit, and UPF 50 protection. For more recommendations check out the New York Post Shopping section.