She’s sharing some of her hottest tips. A bottle service waitress has gone viral after revealing she raked in an eye-watering $4,800 in  tip money from just two tables at a swanky club in Arizona. Nina Angelina took to TikTok last week to boast about the gargantuan gratuities in a video titled, “My day as a bottle girl in Scottsdale.” The blonde beauty’s short clip — which has been viewed 6 million times — starts with her clad in a skimpy pink bikini as she prepares for a shift at The Clubhouse at Maya. It appears Angelina was working a special VIP area of the venue, as her video shows her scanning several private cabanas around the club’s pool. The sultry service worker was also seen preparing to pop a pricey bottle of Dom Perignon for a group of presumably prosperous patrons. After a montage showing the day’s activities, Angelina’s clip subsequently cut to two receipts revealing the tips she procured in the course of the day. The first receipt shows that one group spent a staggering $9,291 on booze and food at the club — with the kind customers leaving an additional $1,800 as a gratuity. Meanwhile, a second group of revelers racked up a bill of $10,855 and left a very generous $3,000 gratuity — equal to a tip of almost 30 percent. It’s unclear whether Angelina had to divvy up the two tips or whether she pocketed the entire $4,800 for herself. Regardless, her video incited envy among viewers, with many flocking to the comments section to leave jealous comments. “Why wasn’t I born hot so I could make money like this?” one TikTok user bemoaned. “How do you even get into this kind of work is the question?” another green-eyed viewer remarked. The stunner, who has not revealed her age, has previously shared videos about her work in the industry, accumulating an impressive 43,000 followers on TikTok. However, she is hardly the first waitress to go viral for revealing the impressive amount of money she makes in the service industry. Just last month, a Florida Hooters waitress hit headlines after sharing that she made an impressive $282 in cash, plus $100 sent via CashApp from one of her regular customers.