Mutants and geeks of the world, unite! The Marvel comics, which has spawned countless characters, heroes and villains, is also responsible for one of the most beloved superhero teams to ever be created: the X-Men. The franchise, with a massive fan base worldwide, has ushered forth hit blockbuster movies, comics, action figures, television series and more. The best part about the X-Men is that they have always functioned as an allegory to outcasts, those struggling for acceptance, civil rights and representation in a world that doesn’t understand them. Now with their highly anticipated introduction to the Marvel Cinematic Universe—with one of the mutant leaders, Professor Charles Xavier played by veteran actor Patrick Stewart being incorporated into “Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness” and the announcement of X-Men ’97 in the works as an animated series—mutant adventures are sure to populate our screens for many years to come! To understand the complex characters in the X-Men universe, The Post spoke exclusively with two of the rising voices in American geekdom: Paul Florez-Taylor—known as the Comic King—and Luke James—known as Pop Media Maven. As a team, we put our heads together to create the definitive list of Marvel characters that align with astrology and the zodiac. Follow the Comic King and Luke James for everything that’s hot in geekdom! Find out which character aligns perfectly with your zodiac sign! Our favorite mutant boy scout is without a doubt an Aries: self-assertive, brave and a natural born leader. The fate of the mutant species hangs in the balance, and this Fire sign steps up to the plate to ensure the mission gets done at all costs. Despite Cyclops being a profound leader, he can occasionally let his anger and emotions get the best of him. In Avengers vs. X-Men, he was so fueled by rage because of the sudden loss of the mutant population that he would do anything to help revive and protect the them—even harnessing the power of the Phoenix Force to stop anyone in his way. Just don’t ask about his dead wife’s clone! Like the bull that symbolizes them, Taureans charge through any obstacles laid before them. Is it any wonder Wolverine is emblematic of this Earth sing’s perseverance? Logan may be a loner, but his favorite moments are when he can drink an ice-cold beer with his chosen family. Despite being one of the most intimidating Marvel characters (you know, with those adamantium claws and constant growling), Wolverine is very protective of his friends and allies. His stubborn yet snarky persona breathes life into his Taurean behavior. Can we see Hugh Jackman in the MCU, please? Extroverted, quick-witted and the life of the party. Iceman’s carefree and #YOLO mentality make him the fan favorite of whichever team he’s part of. Iceman is very communicative with his teammates and knows that teamwork is vital to helping stop any foe. This Omega-Level mutant also has a very wide range in his combat, being able to control every stage of water and ice and create nearly any object with his molecules. Even though he’s struggled with the intersectionality of his identity, like a true Air element, he has a deep understanding of those around him and loves to make everyone smile. Although physically unbeatable, at his core, Colossus is an artist who struggles to rationalize the horrors of the world. When his sister died of the Legacy Virus, he joined Magneto’s side but quickly saw the flaws of his ways. Like all Cancers, they take loss as an opportunity to re-evaluate, grow and come out stronger on the other side. Because of these hardships, Colossus has developed a hard shell around his body (both literally and psychologically), making it very difficult to penetrate his high guard. Don’t *mess* with a Leo. They are the strongest in the room, emotionally and physically, and will pound you into your next life if you ever throw shade their way. Our favorite sassy, southern belle Rogue represents all the defiant qualities of this Fire sign: driven, passionate and a take-no-prisoners mentality. Not only is she beautiful and theatrical, she knows how to pack a punch. Never piss a Leo (or Rogue off), they know how to use your own abilities against you and will suck the life right out of anyone trying to steal their spotlight or thunder. Can you imagine family dinner at the Darkholme-Adler household? A thought leader among the group, Virgo has a prodigious understanding of the practical and spiritual realms and how to bring light in any situation. Nightcrawler has known conflict, and yet can remain the heart of the X-Men because he believes in the good in everyone’s spirit. Nightcrawler’s loyalty towards the X-Men remains unfettered. He believes in the goodness of people even when everyone else doubts them. There’s a reason why on Krakoa he has started and planned a revolution. Libras know how to have a good time. Plain and simple. Like Gambit, they walk into any room with swag and a go-hard-or-go-home attitude because they play to win. Although gregarious and the life of the party, Libras are romantics at heart, and their affections are focused on a singular crush. Gambit is immensely charming, and he knows it, allowing him to seduce many women—even the beautiful and fearless Rogue. Eloquent. Assertive. Dedicated. Most dismiss Emma Frost as “cold-hearted” due to her diamond-tough exterior; however, this is furthest from the case. She is a deeply feeling individual and will protect her students and her teammates till her dying breath. That being said, she owns every room she walks into, and like a Scorpio, has unquestionable authority in any situation. With Emma practically being on nobody’s side but her own, it makes her unpredictable, which also makes her intimidating. She’s so mysterious and strategic that you’ll never know her next move—even though she psychically will already know yours! Hard to tame, free-spirited, spontaneous and fiery. Who else but Sagittarius could embody Jean Grey? Whether she’s hurling through space as Phoenix or leading the X-Men on Krakoa, Jean represents mutantkind’s limitless potential. The Phoenix bears the power of the Gods in her hand, and with that ability, she can be your greatest ally, or most formidable foe. Just don’t get on her dark side. There is one word to describe Psylocke (and all Capricorns): iconic. We stan Betsy Braddock, but Kwannon is the scene-stealer. We’re so glad she’s been back in Zeb Wells’ fan-favorite Hellions run, and cannot wait to see what new chapter awaits her. Capricorns, like Psylocke, are brave souls who don’t let something as trivial as a mind-swap get them down. Psylocke is a skillful and strong fighter, being able to go up against anyone and put up a strong battle. She’s able to defeat the weakest minds with her telepathy or conjure a psionic sword in any melee situation. She rises to any occasion, fearless and victorious. Different ideologies yet two-sides of the same coin. These two warring besties both want the same thing: for mutants to thrive. They are both ideological based and want to see the next generation thrive. Like Aquarius, both of these mutants are communally focused who want a better tomorrow. Both are profoundly intelligent and dedicated to their goals. Despite their different approaches to a better world, they both will stop at nothing to improve their future, albeit for mutant and humankind joined together—or just mutantkind. Pisceans are regal individuals who are kings or queens of their domains. There is a reason why people worship the ground they walk on. However, this never goes to their heads. Pisces, like Storm, remain the humblest people in the room. Pisces are very passionate and rely heavily on their emotions in their daily lives. Interestingly enough, Ororo’s abilities to conjure a whimsical gust of wind versus manifesting an entire hurricane strong enough to move continents becomes reliant on how much you trigger her feelings. Pisces will fight for what they believe and strike you down with a bolt of lightning should you ever threaten what they love. Fingers crossed we see Storm enter the MCU soon! Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor and Luke James for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the Power of X-Men podcast, a podcast dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movie, and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits, and Wizard Magazine. Luke James is an artist and cosplayer with a special soft spot for everything MCU. He’s all about everything in geekdom, especially Avatar and Pokémon. In his spare time, he’s either in the gym hitting the weights or learning chaos magic in practice to become the next Scarlet Witch. Professionally he protects the public by being a real-life superhero as a firefighter. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.