Elon Musk thinks a third-party alternative to Democrats and Republicans that would have a more “moderate” platform would be “ideal.” Musk made the comment after revealing recently that he plans to vote for Republican candidates for the first time in his life. The Tesla boss, who has put on hold his planned $44 billion acquisition of social media site Twitter, said he has traditionally voted for Democrats, but couldn’t bring himself to do so this year or in 2024 because the party has become one of “hate and division.” “A party more moderate on all issues than either Reps or Dems would be ideal,” Musk tweeted on Thursday. “This is what most people in America want, but unfortunately it’s not realistic.” Musk continued: “Generally, the party with less power (currently Republicans at national level) moves more toward center to win moderate votes, so control of House/Senate/President goes back & forth over time.” Musk said on Thursday that he has no plans to donate to super PACs in support of Republican candidates during the upcoming midterm elections or the presidential race in two years. “I have no plans to create a super PAC,” Musk told CNBC on Thursday. When asked if he had anything planned to help GOP candidates in this fall’s midterm elections, Musk wrote: “No super PAC anything going on.” Musk slammed the Democrats in a scathing tweet on Wednesday following weeks of heated debate over his planned Twitter takeover — with left-leaning pundits and lawmakers such as Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) among those who have voiced outrage over the world’s richest man buying the social media platform. “In the past I voted Democrat, because they were (mostly) the kindness party,” Musk said. “But they have become the party of division & hate, so I can no longer support them and will vote Republican.” “Now, watch their dirty tricks campaign against me unfold …,” he added. Musk on Thursday said his political stance, which has angered liberals, is at the root of newly surfaced sexual harassment allegations. He called the woman who accused him of sexual misconduct a “far-left actress” who has “a major political axe to grind” — and challenged her to verify her claims by describing a part of his anatomy “not known by the public.” Musk took to Twitter late Thursday and said that the “wild accusations are utterly untrue.” The allegations were first reported by Insider. The tech mogul was accused of exposing himself to a flight attendant aboard one of his private planes in 2016 — and SpaceX later paid the woman $250,000 to settle her sexual misconduct claim, according to the bombshell report. Musk was also accused of rubbing the flight attendant’s leg without permission and offering to buy her a horse if she gave him an erotic massage onboard the plane, Insider reported Thursday, citing documents and interviews. Hours after Insider published the story, Musk challenged the friend of the accuser who is reported to have been told about the alleged incident soon after it happened.