The teenage son of an NYPD cop was shot across the street from his high school in Queens Wednesday afternoon, police sources said. The 17-year-old, who was hit in the left arm, ran bleeding into Maspeth High School in Elmhurst after the 1:40 p.m. incident and was taken to Elmhurst Hospital as the youth’s girlfriend looked on and was “crying,” according to witnesses and law enforcement sources. The teen, a student at the school, was expected to survive, according to police. The suspects fled down 74th Street on scooters and were arrested shortly after, cops said. The shooter was also a student at the school. One student, Isaiah Perez, told The Post the victim was with one of his friends and was on the way to the gym. “I was inside school on the second floor and they ended up locking the building down completely…I saw [the victim’s] girlfriend crying,” Perez said. “I went up to her and asked what was going on. I saw him on the stretcher with the patch on his arm so he was shot in the arm.” Perez said he was “surprised” because the victim was “not that kind of person to go out and cause trouble like that. I wouldn’t see anything like that happening.” But there had been “trouble” at the beginning of the school year with the suspect and victim, he said. “The NYPD, School Safety Agents, and school staff placed Maspeth High School on a hard lockdown to ensure all students at Maspeth are safe while the NYPD responds to an off-campus incident,” a school spokesperson said. “The lockdown has been lifted and the NYPD and school safety assisted with dismissal.” The shooting left parents at the school horrified. “It’s scary because this is a good neighborhood,” said mom Jennifer after picking up her daughter outside the school. “For this to happen here it’s unheard of…it’s very concerning. Everyone is screaming defund the police but things are happening now because there is no police, so what do you do?” The shot erupted right outside the dim sum restaurant Grand Dumpling, according to Jia Li, one of the employees. “I was making bubble tea and the customers were waiting for the bubble tea…It was one pop,” Li said. A worker at the Shell Gas Station across the street from the restaurant said he saw the aftermath after the shot rang out. “We heard the gunshot and saw kids running down there,” said the worker, who declined to give his name. A neighbor of the victim described the boy as a “good kid” who always says hi and is focused on school and work. “These shootings need to stop. It’s too much,” said the neighbor, who declined to give her name. “There’s nothing anyone can do about it. You’re scared to go out the door.” The incident was the latest shooting near a city school amid escalating gun violence escalates across the five boroughs and comes a little more than a month after an innocent 16-year-old girl was killed after leaving school in the South Bronx. On Monday, a 26-year-old man was shot near the entrance of a Staten Island private school that caters to autistic students. On April 8, Angellyh Yambo was killed and two other teenagers injured by crossfire about a block from University Prep Charter High School where she was a student. In March, a 3-year-old girl was wounded by a stray bullet as she was leaving a day care in Brownsville, Brooklyn. Also in March, 12-year-old Kade Lewin was shot dead while sitting in a parked minivan with relatives in East Flatbush, Brooklyn.