Panelists on “The View” mocked Sen. Ted Cruz during Monday’s show, with one declaring the Texas Republican turned “creepy” with remarks he made about actress Kate Beckinsale on his recent podcast. The conversation began after host Whoopi Goldberg played a clip from “The Verdict with Ted Cruz.” In the clip, Cruz and co-host Michael Knowles discussed how comedian Pete Davidson dates, in the senator’s words, “all of these, like, hot women.” “Pete Davidson was dating Kate Beckinsale. I mean, you’re talking ‘Underworld,’ you’re talking, like, super hot vampire in black leather trench coat and you’re like, really, the ‘SNL’ dude? Like, wow,” Cruz said in the clip. Goldberg noted that she felt the segment was disrespectful to Cruz’s wife, Heidi. Fellow “View” co-host Ana Navarro also weighed in, declaring Cruz’s words gave her “the heebie jeebies.” “Can I just tell you, it is so creepy and so disgusting,” Navarro said. “Okay, so he might want to say, ‘How come that dude on ‘SNL’ — I want to know how come that dude is a US senator and is doing a podcast and spends so much time trolling on Twitter? I mean, does he think that he’s gonna lead by being a social media influencer?” “And I agree with you – how disrespectful can this be to his wife?” Navarro added. Goldberg quipped that “this is two” for Cruz, arguing the lawmaker had failed to defend his wife from past criticism from former President Donald Trump ahead of the 2016 presidential election. Fellow host Sunny Hostin pointed out that Cruz had defended his wife during the initial spat with Trump – though “The View” panelist questioned why the lawmaker was commenting on another woman’s looks. “I don’t understand why he has a podcast, quite frankly, talking about this kind of stuff,” Hostin said. Davidson, who announced over the weekend that he is leaving “SNL,” had a brief fling with Beckinsale in 2019. The comedian has since moved on to his much-publicized romance with Kim Kardashian. “I don’t understand why he’s fantasizing about going to Cancun with Kate Beckinsale,” added co-host Joy Behar, quipping that Cruz had “fantasies of her in these leathers and all the S&M thing going on.” Cruz drew political flack last year after he took a trip to Cancun, Mexico, with his family while Texas was in the midst of a winter storm that caused sweeping power outages. He later admitted the trip was a “mistake.” Cruz’s office did not immediately return a request for comment. In April, Cruz drew scrutiny after he revealed on his podcast that he loves the fart noise feature included in Tesla vehicles while praising Elon Musk’s bid to acquire Twitter.