The Issue: An 18-year-old man who allegedly killed 10 people at a Buffalo supermarket after writing a racist manifesto. Another mass shooting with many dead and injured, and along with it, the usual platitudes — “Our thoughts and our prayers are with you” (“Race rampage,” May 15). What we need from our elected officials is leadership, not the usual lamentations. It’s time to change the policies that the Democrats have instituted and hold people responsible. Instead of building another vanity stadium in Buffalo, that money should be used for modernizing prisons and building or using existing hospitals for the mentally ill. S. KaneBrooklyn After years of tying the hands of mental-health providers and the courts, how can our leaders continue to be outraged and horrified when untreated or inadequately treated mentally ill people act upon delusions? Rights of seriously mentally ill people need to be balanced against the safety of their fellow humans, and proper treatment needs to be the priority. Until then, we live in this hell. E. MullerBrewster The Buffalo supermarket horror is the latest demonstration of so much that is wrong with our country. Another white man with a grievance and a weapon designed to mow down human beings in rapid succession becomes a notorious celebrity, with his manifesto captivating the media and our interest. How does a young man of just 18 become so heavily indoctrinated with baseless hatred, rage and an “us versus them” mentality to enable him to senselessly slaughter innocents? How does one develop such a depraved indifference to human life? How has our society become so unhinged as to harbor such individuals? We can look to the easy availability of lethal weapons, a rotted entertainment culture, political leaders who lie, promote division and encourage violence and dishonest media outlets, including social media, which promote crackpot conspiracy theories. God weeps. Oren SpieglerPeters Township, Pa. The mass shooting in Buffalo is a tragedy of unimaginable proportions. perpetrated by a madman bent on instilling maximum fear and carnage on the people of New York. No number of gun laws would have prevented this incident, and this is the failure of every New York politician who continues to wage war on guns instead of fixing the flawed criminal system and bail reform. If they would stop waging war on guns and actually give the law-abiding citizens of New York the right to defend themselves, like many of us have, someone may have had a chance to confront and stop this madman and others. Bert HernandezSebastian, Fla. After the recent supermarket shooting upstate, the politicians are calling for more gun-control laws. This is bull, especially with untraceable 3D-printed guns. Strongly enforce the current laws and make an example of what can happen if you’re caught with a gun during a felony. If convicted, this person’s sentence should be so harsh as to send a definite message to anyone thinking of perpetuating a similar offense. A guarantee of the same punishment should be shouted loud and clear so that future perps will, perhaps, think twice before committing the crime. John F. RossanoOceanside At age 18, Payton Gendron should never have been able to buy an assault weapon. There is no need for anyone not in law enforcement or the armed forces to own one. In addition to his age, Gendron has a history of mental illness. Further, there is no waiting period in Pennsylvania for gun purchases. His unspeakable crimes did not have to happen. These innocent people did not have to die. I say as a lifelong, proud Republican — enough. Gun laws must be changed on the federal level, so these horrendous crimes can never take place in any state in the United States again. Arlene RossForest Hills Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.