Despite poor results in The Bronx since his arrival last July, Joey Gallo still has a believer in Yankees general manager Brian Cashman. “I’m not worried about Joey Gallo,’’ Cashman said before the Yankees outfielder singled and lined out to right in a 5-3 win over the Blue Jays on Wednesday at the Stadium. “He’s a really talented player and cares a great deal,’’ Cashman said. “He has a chance every time he’s at the plate to change whatever’s happened prior.” Entering Wednesday, when Gallo was back in left field, he had a .166 average and .682 OPS as a Yankee after arriving with a .211 average and .833 OPS in seven seasons in Texas. So far this season, Gallo is reaching base less than ever (.293 OBP) and his power has decreased (.324 slugging). Cashman added he’s encouraged by how well the Yankees are doing without a lot of production from Gallo, who he said, has “a lot of gas in the tank in terms of contributions I think is still there to be had.” And he pointed to manager Aaron Boone as an example of how a narrative can change quickly. Boone was traded to the Yankees in the middle of an All-Star year with the Reds in 2003 and slumped for much of the rest of the regular season. In the middle of a rough postseason, though, Boone hit his famous home run off the Red Sox’s Tim Wakefield in Game 7 of the ALCS to send the Yankees to the World Series. “Boone really struggled, but he’s gonna be remembered in history for one swing of the bat,” Cashman said. “Gallo is helping us defensively and offensively he can help with a key walk. There’s a lot of different ways he can contribute. And there’s still a hell of a lot of time on the clock for him to contribute in one big game, in one big series or a floodgate, avalanche of success. He’s certainly capable of it. … Over time, I certainly think he’ll find that higher ground on a consistent basis.” Josh Donaldson has been dealing with a sore right shoulder since he felt it during the game on Sunday. “I did work on it after the game and [Monday] it was sore,’’ Donaldson said after sitting out Wednesday’s win over Toronto. “It’s gone now.” He expects to be able to play third on Thursday in Chicago and added the soreness is in a different spot — the front of his shoulder as opposed to the back — than the spot that bothered him during spring training. As of Wednesday evening, the Yankees’ game scheduled for Thursday at the Whte Sox had not been impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak among the Guardians that caused the Cleveland-Chicago game to be postponed Wednesday at Guaranteed Rate Field. With Luis Gil scheduled to be recalled to make his first start of the season for the Yankees on Thursday, right-hander Ron Marinaccio was optioned to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre following the game Wednesday. Cashman said he considered Luis Severino’s status “the biggest question” among the rotation before the season started and he’s been pleased by how the right-hander has looked. “It’s nice he’s healthy and back,’’ Cashman said. “He was with us at the end of last year and now is part of the plan in the rotation. He was a big loss for us the last few years being down.”