Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal looked “tired” as he and other embattled executives fended off questions from upset staffers about Elon Musk’s takeover of the firm, leaked details from a companywide meeting revealed. Workers pressed Agrawal and other top executive at the social media giant on Friday to provide answers to lingering questions about Musk’s $44 billion buyout — including the likelihood that Twitter will conduct layoffs once the deal closes. An employee in attendance reportedly described Agrawal — who will reportedly get a $42 million payout upon completion of the deal — as appearing “tired and at times annoyed” during the meeting, even as he attempted to assuage workers’ fears, according to Business Insider, which obtained leaked audio from the all-hands meeting. Agrawal also expressed a degree of remorse during the call, according to the news site — telling employees that he wished “we had done better with lots of things” during talks with Musk. “There are things I disagree with fundamentally,” Agrawal said, without providing specifics. Chief legal counsel Vijaya Gadde  — seen as the social network’s top advocate for censoring conservatives — was also present during the impromptu companywide meeting and provided more details about the $1 billion breakup fee that both Musk and Twitter have agreed to pay if the deal falls apart. Gadde — who is slated to get a $12.5 million payout under terms of Musk’s buyout — said Musk’s deal with Twitter to buy the firm has “very strong requirements to perform.” Agrawal acknowledged that Twitter would likely make significant changes under Musk’s leadership — and didn’t discount the possibility of job cuts. “Different organizations have different cultures, but they’ve excelled,” Agrawal said. “It will be different here than what it is today, but for the people who are here, it will be worth it to be here.” Musk has angered some Twitter employees in recent days through his brash public commentary about changes he feels are necessary for the company to thrive, including a renewed focus on protecting free speech. The impromptu meeting did little to ease concerns among Twitter staffers wary of Musk’s leadership, one worker told Reuters. “The PR-speak is not landing. They told us don’t leak and do a job you are proud of, but there is no clear incentive for employees to do this,” the employee said. Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment. While pitching banks on his plans for Twitter, Musk reportedly outlined plans to cut costs at the company, including layoffs and slashing executive pay. Employees expressed concerns about a mass exodus of workers in response to Musk’s takeover, prompting Twitter executives to say the company will monitor staffing levels closely during the transition. One boss added that Musk wouldn’t be directing job cuts until after he takes over the firm. With Post wires