Alleged drug traffickers in South Carolina used taco trucks to transport pounds of meth, cocaine and heroin, state prosecutors said Wednesday. The trucks run by Mexican restaurant Los Primos were used as a regional hub for a major drug-dealing operation connected to Mexican cartels, according to the South Carolina Attorney General’s Office. Thirty-four defendants are facing a combined 124 charges connected to the major investigation that the AG’s office dubbed “Los Banditos.” “It was a Mexican restaurant just like any other,” attorney Creighton Waters, of the AG’s office said, according to the Post and Courier. “It’s just that there was more you could get in your Styrofoam clamshells than just burritos and tacos.” The restaurant owners allegedly executed the drug-running operation from both restaurants and trucks in Greenville County. Thirteenth Circuit Solicitor Walt Wilkins called it a “very large scale organized drug operation.” “While this organization has ties from Mexico to numerous cities in the United States, its drug trafficking efforts and locations in Greenville County were continuing to pump poison directly into our communities,” Wilkins said in a statement. “This is a great win for the citizens of Greenville County and these numerous arrests will have an immediate and direct impact upon the citizens of Greenville County and neighboring Counties.” Authorities seized 11 kilos of meth, 1.3 pounds of cocaine, about $63,000 in cash and more than 20 firearms. The investigation indicated the conspiracy historically accounted for more than one ton of meth, 220 pounds of cocaine and more than 4 pounds of heroin trafficked in South Carolina, according to prosecutors. Information gathered by a South Carolina grand jury led to the seizure across state lines in Georgia of 200 kilos of meth, 7.7 pounds of cocaine, seven pounds of heroin, more than 180 pounds of marijuana, 900 Xanax pills and several firearms found in several Atlanta apartments and stash houses. South Carolina AG Alan Wilson said his office is committed to “fight the corrosive effect drug trafficking has on our communities.”