The straphanger menaced by a knife-wielding man hissing, “I’ll take your head off your f–king neck!” was a former top NYPD official, according to ex-Big Apple Police Commissioner Bill Bratton. “I have a former assistant deputy commissioner who worked for me when I was most recently commissioner,” said Bratton — the city’s top cop in the 1990s and again from 2014 to 2016 — to WABC radio in an interview that aired Sunday. “He was on a Midtown train earlier this week and had an individual come up to him, pull out a knife, and say, ‘I’m going to cut your head off.’ “Fortunately, they’re going to make an arrest,” Bratton said. On Wednesday, police released surveillance video of the knife-wielding man who had allegedly threatened the former assistant deputy NYPD commissioner. The frightening incident occurred about 3:30 p.m. May 22 on a southbound No. 6 train at the East 77th Street and Lexington Avenue station on the Upper East Side, cops said. The armed suspect followed his 35-year-old victim into a crowded subway car and became irate as the train left the station, holding a switchblade in plain view, cops said. “I’m not riding this train pressed up against this door,” the man screamed as he repeatedly flicked his blade in and out in the victim’s direction. “I’ll take your head off your f–king neck!” When the southbound train arrived at the 68th Street/Lexington Avenue subway station, the suspect fled, the NYPD said. The Post —  which confirmed Sunday that Bratton was referencing the same incident — is withholding the identity of the victim because the former official said he fears for his safety from the suspect. The foul-mouthed suspect, Aaron Ramos, turned himself in to cops Thursday morning. Ramos, a 26-year-old Bronx resident, was charged with menacing, according to police. Also during the interview that aired Sunday, Bratton fumed over Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg choosing not to prosecute subway turnstile jumpers as part of a progressive agenda. “There is the crux of the problem in New York City … with the Manhattan district attorney still not wanting to treat fare evasion as a significant enough crime worth prosecuting, particularly repeated fare evasion,” he told “The Cats Roundtable” radio host John Catsimatidis. “What is missing in New York City at the moment is a willingness to punish people who continually break the law,” Bratton said — citing a Post story on a woman who dubbed herself a “professional booster” and was arrested Wednesday for allegedly robbing the same Manhattan drug store 10 times. Bratton called on Mayor Eric Adams to “public shame” local prosecutors if they refuse to play a part in carrying out the former NYPD captain’s tough-on-crime agenda. “On the district attorneys, this is where Mayor Adams basically brings them in and reads them the riot act,” Bratton said, claiming that Hizzoner is “trying to hold up New York City by himself. “He’s not being helped by the legislature in Albany, by the City Council or these district attorneys,” Bratton said. “Get these DAs into a room and get them on board or publicly shame them for their failure to support him and the NYPD.” Additional reporting by Tina Moore    