The city should dock former Mayor de Blasio’s $113,131-a-year pension if he continues refusing to pay taxpayers the nearly $320,000 he owes for misusing his security detail while in office, critics told The Post. “He absolutely must be held accountable for every dollar he funneled away from the people of New York,” Councilwoman Joann Ariola (R-Queens) said. “Bill de Blasio is not above the law, and his pension should be garnished until the city is repaid.” Despite having racked up $2.5 million in debt, de Blasio and wife Chirlane McCray since January have been living large at the New York Marriott at the Brooklyn Bridge, which charges around $600 to $5,000 a night for suites, the Post exclusively reported last week. The 667-room hotel is owned by Muss Development, a Queens-based real estate giant whose owners have been longtime supporters of de Blasio and who did plenty of business with the city while he was mayor. De Blasio’s security detail has remained on call for them at the four-star hotel while he and McCray’s Park Slope home undergoes renovations. The team of six NYPD detectives and a sergeant usually rotate as security guards and chauffeurs, working two at a time. Past mayors have also retained security details during some or all of the first year out of office at taxpayers’ expense. But critics question whether de Blasio should get the same privilege following a scathing Department of Investigation report released last October. Probers determined de Blasio owes taxpayers $319,794 for wrongfully using “NYPD resources for political purposes” by having his security detail guard him out of state during his failed bid for president – including to see his beloved Red Sox play in California.  DOI also scolded de Blasio for misusing the perk by having cops run errands, including helping his daughter move and chauffeuring his son. The ex-mayor has appealed a city Conflicts of Interest Board’s ruling that he should repay the city for the alleged misuse of police detail. “Depending on the findings of the COIB, having the taxpayer money he owes taken out of his pension if he refuses to pay it back is perfectly reasonable,” said Councilman Robert Holden (D-Queens). “That’s what would happen to anyone else. He should have to pay it back with interest. Bill de Blasio has always acted like the rules don’t apply to him, and it sure hasn’t helped his reputation. Even out of office, he’s still doing it.” Guardian Angels founder and former Republican mayoral candidate Curtis Sliwa said docking de Blasio’s pension isn’t enough. “Not only would I [dock his pension] if he resists – although it would be likely battled in civil court — I would have the city seize one of his two [Brooklyn] properties and put it up for sale,” Sliwa barked. “That’s how you pay back that debt!” De Blasio’s yearly six-figure pension comes after serving two decades in elected office, first as a Brooklyn city councilman, then as public advocate and the final eight years as mayor, according to the New York City Employees’ Retirement System. A Post reporter on Thursday was abruptly asked to leave the Brooklyn Marriott by hotel staff, shortly after being spotted by de Blasio’s detail. A de Blasio spokesman did not return messages.