Ladies, it’s time to serve some looks. To celebrate the rise of summer, up-and-coming activewear brand Terez is dishing out a new tennis collection (which, if we’re being honest, makes us want to head down to the court ASAP). Everything about this new launch is giving us athletic, collegiate tennis vibes; you can curate a full-blown tennis outfit with these flirty and fun dresses, skirts and matching sports bras. (Related: best white sneakers). Designed to be worn on or off the court (extra brownie points for extra versatility), Terez’s looks are sewn with buttery soft and comfortable fabrics to make your break-points and mini sprints a breeze. What’s more, the vibrant offerings are anything but basic. Choose from a handful of on-trend prints — from colorful butterflies and black and white daisies to two-tone gingham and classic ballerina pink. Ahead, shop Terez’s new tennis collection to complete the athleisure wardrobe of your dreams. Whether you’re off to the tennis court or to run some errands, you’ll be feeling your best yet. Please note the below styles are available in other colors and prints. If you’re out on the court, you need a quality pleated skirt-dress to get you achieve the perfect serves. Available in solid pink, white butterfly pink and black daisy print, this one-piece is what you’ll want to live in all summer long. Grab the same dress in a white and butterfly print, too! We adore the simplicity of this full-bodied fit and it’s super lightweight, too. What’s one clothing piece we can never get enough of? Crop tops, of course! This two-toned gingham print is just gorgeous, especially when paired with Terez’s matching leggings ($92). For that Instagram-worthy springtime look, you can’t go wrong. If you’re on the market for a simple skirt, Terez has a new White Daisy Tennis Skirt — just shy of $75 — that’s waiting for you to add it to your cart. It’s a great length, especially for sweltering hot days, and it has that feminine edge we crave. Sometimes, you just have to stock up on the basics. Terez’s Jet Black TLC Y-Back Tank is a unique tank on the basic camisoles, featuring a sports bra-like back that’s flattering on any body shape. Speaking of bra, there’s one hidden inside, too. For a simple toss-on, we’re all heart eyes for Terez’s Black Neon Streak RipStop Windbreaker. It’s well-made, has a pop of pink at the zipper (Elle Woods would be proud) and hits just below the waist, covering your pant waistband. Thank you, Terez, for bringing a beautiful blue color to our wardrobe. Available in pink, black, white and lilac, too, the streetwear-inspired crop tee is soft, stretchy and moisture-wicking — perfect for tennis (and any type of wear, for that matter). Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.