During his three years behind the Rangers bench, it drove David Quinn batty when elite players eschewed glorious scoring opportunities from sweet spots on the ice in order to try and make one more pass that would make the play into a more perfect one, as if a mere goal from the slot was just too pedestrian to count. It was a constant point of irritation and contention that the former head coach would reference rather regularly while interacting with the media, even following victories. It seemed the more Quinn talked about it, the more stubborn the response from his players. Gerard Gallant, Quinn’s successor, sees the game very similarly but reacts very differently. He appears to see the Rangers’ penchant for pushing the looking-good style of hockey to an extreme as kind of an extension of the old Fable about The Scorpion and The Frog that apparently originated in Russia, and no, not necessarily by Anatoly Tarasov. You know the tale. A scorpion wishes to cross the river but cannot swim. So he asks a frog to carry him. The frog at first refuses, pointing out that the scorpion is likely to sting it. The scorpion assures the frog that won’t happen because stinging the frog would mean both would drown. The frog accepts the logic. Halfway across, the scorpion stings the frog. They are both doomed. The frog asks the scorpion, why? “Because,” the scorpion said, “it is in my nature.” Well, that’s pretty much it when it comes to Artemi Panarin being unable to fight the instinct to make one more pass, or maybe when it comes to Ryan Strome or Kaapo Kakko or Adam Fox, as it had been before for the likes of Mats Zuccarello and Pavel Buchnevich. Maybe there’s something in the water under Jim Dolan’s spoked ceiling. In Tuesday’s triple-overtime Game 1 defeat to the Penguins, Fox shunned a shot from scoring position in the slot, instead threading one across to Strome, who missed the net on a hurried attempt with just over four minutes remaining in the first OT. In the first period, Kakko was in on the left before attempting a cross-ice feed to Filip Chytil. The pass did not connect. Those represent two instances out of thousands through the years. Gallant laughed when asked if there was something he could do about it. “I’m trying,” he said in advance of Tuesday’s Game 2 at the Garden. But then he took a more philosophical approach to it that is consistent with the way he has coached this team. “Skilled guys, I’d like to see them shoot and get more pucks to the net, there’s no doubt,” Gallant said. “You watch games every night, you see the highlights every night and honestly, Foxy is walking down, he got there and he had a great chance to shoot the puck. But you know what, if Stromer doesn’t get handcuffed a little bit, he’s got a wide-open net. “I’m not going to tell those players not to make those plays. As a coach, you’re saying, ‘shoot,’ and when the success isn’t there you’re kicking yourself a bit but they work so many times and those are the plays they work on in practice, so I’m not going to tell them. “[Instead] it would be, ‘Foxy, you’re a hell of a player, keep doing what you’re doing.” Translation I: It is in their nature. Translation II: It is in Gallant’s nature to endorse his high-end players even if they deviate from what the coach would prefer to be the team’s norm. For this is what he said on Long Island on April 21, one day after Panarin’s stream of consciousness in which No. 10 spoke about the importance of having freedom to create, and about 15 minutes after the winger’s bravura performance resulted in four assists in a 6-3 victory. “I thought he was outstanding. He made those passes and plays, and like I said, we know what he’s going to do,” Gallant said then about Panarin, who neither found nor was able to create much open ice in Game 1. “The easy thing about playing defense is if you’re working hard and you’re coming back in your zone, that’s half the battle for me. “He doesn’t play perfect D-zone coverage and he doesn’t backcheck as hard as some guys because he’s reading plays. That’s what he does. That’s why he gets 100 points a year and makes those special plays. He competes and he plays hard. I love the way he plays.” And that is Gallant’s way. He enables his skilled scorpions. Hopefully, no one drowns this series.