A new study by Columbia University and the Robin Hood Foundation finds that nearly half of Asian New Yorkers live in poverty — twice the level for white New Yorkers and comparable to that of black and Hispanic communities. That’s a huge problem for progressives who routinely seek “justice” for blacks and Latinos mainly at Asians’ expense. Asians, after all, also suffer from bigotry: The same study found that about 80% of New Yorkers of Chinese descent reported experiencing high levels of racism-related violence in 2020. Documented, an online site covering immigrant issues, reports that Manhattan’s Chinatown has become “a place where anti-Asian hate, increased poverty and housing issues have been felt acutely” since the onset of the pandemic. Yet progressives for years have sought to dismantle city Gifted & Talented programs, undermine the selective middle and high schools and otherwise wage war on excellence in the name of serving poor and minority students — though that agenda attacks the interests of Asians, the “inconvenient” minority. De Blasio-era schools Chancellor Richard Carranza went so far as to publicly slam Asian parents who objected to his policies. Asian parents, he griped, act as if they “own” the city’s test-in-only specialized high schools. He even derided those schools as “the epicenter of privilege.” How inconvenient that race-blind testing leads Asian kids to earn a “disproportionate” share of seats in those schools, despite challenges of poverty and bigotry. How awkward that the complex formula that aims to get more black and Hispanic kids in (without actually teaching them enough to earn higher scores) inevitably reduces Asian enrollment far more than white. Asian communities aren’t looking for government handouts or set-aside programs. They, like a majority of New Yorkers, simply want the chance for their kids to succeed through hard work, good grades and fair play. That puts them at odds with the woke agenda. With rising anti-Asian attacks adding to the community’s grievances, and the left-wing establishment opposed to any serious action against crime, a political awakening is underway. We look forward to the coming political reckoning.