He’s running. Maybe. Former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani says it’s more likely than not that Trump will seek the presidency again in 2024. “My instinct is he’s running,” Giuliani told The Post. “I have known him for a long time. I see what he’s doing and how he’s preparing and he sounds to me like a man who is excited about the possibility of running.” Giuliani, 77, was quick to say that Trump hasn’t explicitly told him his plans and he hasn’t asked, but said he was “much more confident than not.” Trump famously spent years teasing a presidential run before finally pulling the trigger in 2016. Giuliani, a longtime friend and confidant of the former president, served as his personal attorney and worked closely with him during the fraught days following his loss to Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election. The former mayor has lately been enlisted as a surrogate for his son Andrew Giuliani in the increasingly nasty campaign for the GOP gubernatorial nomination. The former president, who has spent months holed up in Florida at his Mar-a-Lago golf resort, has taken steps to suggest his interest in another White House run. He’s hired staff in Iowa and his “Save America” political action committee reported more than $110 million in the bank in March — more than the Democratic and Republican National Committees combined. Recent polls have shown Trump leading both Biden and Vice President Harris in a potential 2024 race. The former president has also consistency dominated the Conservative Political Action Conference Straw Poll after leaving office, a good measure of grassroots enthusiasm. A slew of primary wins this week for Trump-endorsed candidates — most notably J.D. Vance in Ohio — has also proven Trump’s continued juice with the GOP base. Intimates and insiders say an announcement could come this year if, as is widely expected, Republicans make headway in the 2022 midterm elections. “We feel very good about it,” one Trump intimate told The Post, saying the former president was “seriously considering” a return to politics. ”We’re looking at it very carefully,” the insider continued. “It’s about the comeback. It’s not the history books. You can’t cancel him.”