This was no labor of love. An Indian businesswoman who defied her father by offering her arranged marriage prospect a job — instead of her hand — is sharing his enraged reaction on social media. Her dad’s horrified texts are blowing up on Twitter as fans praise the entrepreneur for sticking it to the patriarchy. “What getting disowned from father looks like,” quipped Udita Pal, the co-founder of the Bengaluru-based digital bank Salt, as a caption alongside screenshots of the heated exchange. The fiasco was set in motion after the tech tycoon requested the résumé of a man that she’d met on the matrimonial matchmaking site Jeevansathi.com. Needless to say, daddy dearest was not pleased with the fact that she treated a potential paramour as a prospective employee. “You know what you did,” fumed Pal’s unnamed old man of the supposedly sacrilegious act, per the tweet. “You cannot hire people from matrimonial sites.” He continued, “What to tell his father now? I saw your message. You gave him interview link and asked for resume. Reply you crazy girl.” Nevertheless, Pal regrets nothing about the arranged employment as the bachelor was evidently super eligible for the job. “Seven years of fintech experience is great and we are hiring,” wrote his unapologetic daughter about the potential hire-to-be. “I’m sorry.” Unfortunately, they never ended up tying the occupational knot. Pal explained in a subsequent tweet that the prospect declined the job offer due to financial incompatibility — she “can’t afford” his asking salary. Meanwhile, the mogul’s father has reportedly since deleted her Jeevansathi.com profile, presumably to prevent her from using it to court new hires. Admirers applauded Pal for turning the arranged marriage concept on its head with one calling her recruitment scheme “genius.” “This is convincing me to join one of these sites now, another potential hiring funnel, right,” said another. One ride-or-die gal gushed, “Loooooooove this!! You go girl! Never settle, or settle when you want.” Meanwhile, one Twitter wit joked, “Normal people: Uses Linkdin [sic] as matrimonial site. Legends: Uses matrimonial site as Linkdin [sic].” Even Jeevansathi.com weighed-in, adding “Let us know if you still have an opening & we will apply for the perfect life partner.” “Just give me JS for free for a month, let me snoop around a little :P,” Pal replied.