A sober LuAnn de Lesseps — an OG star of “The Real Housewives of New York City” — is pitching her own brand of nonalcoholic “Fosé Rosé” this summer while again putting her waterfront Sag Harbor home on the rental market. The charming, renovated beach house — a 19th-century Greek Revival — is at 30 John St. in Upper Sag Harbor Cove. It’s asking $95,000 for July, $110,00 for August or $195,000 for July and August. Built in 1835, the four-bedroom, four-bathroom home packs a lot into its 2,500 square feet. It’s kitted out with an open chef’s kitchen, three fireplaces, an open living-and-dining room and French doors that lead to a large outdoor deck, water views and its own dock — all on a third of an acre. The property also includes a separate, winterized studio. Christopher Burnside, of Brown Harris Stevens, has the listing. Meanwhile, here are a few other posh properties that are making moves in the Hamptons. Malibu meets the Hamptons in this modern, mega beach house tucked in the dunes of Bridgehampton. It’s listed for $47.5 million, a price tag that includes both bay and ocean views. The seller is financier Jeffrey L. Lignelli, founder and CEO of Incline Global Management. The property, at 381 Dune Road, stretches over 2.6 acres; it includes a four-bedroom, four-bathroom home as well as a guest house, a heated pool and 250 feet of dune width. Watch the waves crash (or count your fortune) from the two-story main house. The listing broker is Matt Breitenbach, of Compass. If the East End isn’t your scene, a six-bedroom mansion in Upper Brookville, LI, is on the market for $8 million — far less than the sellers paid when they bought it for $10.4 million in 2011 and then renovated. The gated 5-acre estate, at 1 Bel Air Court, comes with a Georgian Colonial brick mansion, a carriage house, a pool and a pool house, along with a 12-car garage. The sellers are Simon Wu (above, inset), a manufacturer of Victoria’s Secret lingerie, and his wife, Jenny. The main house is around 10,000 square feet and boasts a double-height foyer with a double-bridal staircase, a great room and a chef’s kitchen. (Plus plenty of closet space for your unmentionables.) The listing brokers are Shawn and Zach Elliott, of Nest Seekers International. Real estate titan Andrew Farkas, the 61-year-old founder of Island Capital Group and Island Global Yachting Marinas, is listing his own waterfront mansion, at 54 Ferry Road in Sag Harbor, for rent for the month of August to Labor Day. He’s asking $600,000 for the five-bedroom, six-bath main house. (For $750,000, he’ll also throw in a three-bedroom carriage house.) It’s all on 11 acres overlooking Sag Harbor Bay. The 6,800-square-foot renovated home was designed by Peter Cook, Christie Brinkley’s ex-husband. It’s a traditional shingled home with a screened porch, pool, tennis court, library and fireplaces; a two-story octagonal entrance leads to the living room’s antique barn beams and wide-plank floors, along with a Palladian window overlooking the lawn and harbor. (Bird-watchers will swoon over the swans, herons, egrets and ospreys that flock to the property.) Farkas — scion of the Alexander’s department-store family — made headlines in 2016 for dating a 22-year-old Harvard student after divorcing his second wife. In 2019, Bloomberg reported that Farkas had made Jeffrey Epstein his partner in a marina on St. Thomas, near Epstein’s “pedophile island,” Little Saint James. The listing broker is Susan Breitenbach of Corcoran, who declined to comment.