Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon is urging politicians to “come together to enact policy initiatives to make our communities safer” from gun violence. Solomon spoke out on Thursday — just two days after an 18-year-old gunman killed 19 students and two teachers during a shooting rampage at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas. Seventeen others were wounded in the assault. Last week, a Goldman Sachs employee, David Enriquez, was fatally shot at random while riding the New York City subway. “All of us at Goldman Sachs express our deepest sorrow over the recent tragic and senseless acts of violence in America, which have resulted in the deaths of friends, neighbors, co-workers, children, and other loved ones,” Solomon told CNN on Thursday. Enriquez, who lived in Park Slope and had worked for Goldman Sachs for nine years as an investment researcher, was on his way to brunch when he was killed, his sister, Griselda Vile, said Sunday. “I urge our elected officials to come together to enact policy initiatives to make our communities safer,” the Goldman Sachs CEO said. Solomon added: “These were innocent people who were merely living their lives — going to lunch, the grocery store and to school.” On May 14, ten black people were killed and three others were wounded in a mass shooting in Buffalo. Solomon did not give specifics on which policies he would favor. The shootings in Texas, New York, and Buffalo have reignited fierce debate over gun control. The Goldman boss has been in frequent contact with New York City Mayor Eric Adams in recent weeks over the alarming surge in crime, which has upset plans to bring office workers back into their Manhattan cubicles. Adams’ top cop, Police Commissioner Keechant Sewell, has been privately meeting with C-suite figures at some of the city’s largest employers. The Adams administration wants to reassure companies that the city is safe enough for commuters to return to the office full time, but employees have pushed back on efforts to move away from remote work. Adams and other top elected officials, including New York Gov. Kathy Hochul, have been pleading with locals to return to the office in order to boost small businesses who have been devasted by the COVID pandemic.