A mom has issued a heartbreaking warning to parents about teething necklaces, after her baby son was strangled by one. Danielle Morin’s son Deacon was found dead at a nursery after he was strangled when the necklace tightened and did not release. On her @dani.morin13 TikTok account, Danielle has been encouraging viewers to avoid amber necklaces as a matter of “duty.” She said: “We also loved our amber teething necklace until it strangled my son to death. “Know better do better! “Child safety isn’t a parenting choice, it’s a duty!” Amber necklaces are marketed to help children with their teething and are typically made from Baltic amber. Parenting website What To Expect claims a baby’s body heat can trigger the release of a small amount of oil containing succinic acid in some necklaces, which some believe soothes teething pains. Danielle was given the Baltic amber teething necklace by a close friend who purchased it on the Etsy website, CBS Los Angeles reported. In 2019, it was reported that Danielle was suing Etsy and the Lithuanian company that provided the necklace. “No parent should have to bury their child,” she said. The necklace is supposed to have a safety clasp that allows it to come off if pulled too tight but the one that was given to Danielle had a screw on clasp instead. According to reports at the time of his death in December 2016, 18-month-old Deacon was strangled by his necklace while he was taking a nap at the nursery in Fontana, California. He was found unresponsive and was taken to the hospital but doctors were unable to save him and Danielle made the decision to turn off life support. She said it “scares” her that other parents “need to go online to buy products and these products are dangerous products and aren’t always safe”. After years of grieving, Danielle gave birth to a second baby in 2019, and is raising Rhett – now aged two – as a single mum. Her social media pages are committed to raise awareness for the dangers. One viewer wrote under a video: “I want you to know that I bought one before my daughter was born and your awareness saved me from ever putting it on my daughter. Thank you.” A second wrote: “I was contemplating buying one and now I won’t bc of this video. Thank you mama and so so sorry for your loss.” In 2018, the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) released a warning about amber teething necklaces stating they posed a serious risk of strangulation and choking. An Etsy spokesperson said: “Deacon’s death was a great tragedy and our hearts are with his mother and family. “While we understand the desire to take action, Etsy is a platform and did not make or directly sell this item. “We believe the allegations should be directed at the criminally-negligent daycare providers or, if appropriate, the seller of the necklace. “The seller has not had any products on our website since last year and we do not represent the seller in any way.” On its website, Etsy says it “cannot and does not make any warranties about their quality, safety, or even their legality”. “Any legal claim related to an item you purchase must be brought directly against the seller of the item. You release Etsy from any claims related to items sold through our services.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.