The Issue: Beto O’Rourke’s interruption of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott’s press conference on the school shooting. It took less than 24 hours for gubernatorial candidate Beto O’Rourke to make a total ass of himself in Texas (“Beto points trigger finger at GOP pols,” May 26). Bodies were not even cold yet, and this moron storms a televised news conference to make a political statement promoting his run for governor. We always knew that this moron from Texas was interested more in himself than in the people of Texas and all other states as well. He hit a new low with his self-serving display. He knew it was being televised. He used it as a platform for his own political agenda. It showed a total lack of respect for the families of all the individuals who died that day. This is a time for mourning, not political rhetoric. Jerry EspositoSouthold O’Rourke, a loser in recent elections, now tries to score points by exploiting a tragedy with an in-your-face confrontation of the governor in front of the press. It’s a typical Democrat move, straight out of the Rahm Emanuel playbook. More and more people are seeing this phony “concern” for exactly what it is — opportunistic grandstanding to gin voters up. Vincent RuggieroScottsdale, Ariz. Another horrendous attack where a teenager murders innocent school children. How many times do we see this happen across the country? These instances usually involve a madman, a loner, an unstable or mentally unhealthy kid or simply a bullied kid. Yet, after every incident, the Second Amendment opponents come out in droves and politicize the horrible news. Beto looked like a buffoon in Texas as he tried to lambaste Abbott. The victims weren’t even buried, and yet this inane politician is trying to fetch a bigger audience for his self-indulgence. Using murder as a political edge is the height of hypocrisy. Vincent ContiStaten Island O’Rourke and his Democratic friends have replaced the traditional soapbox. They have instead chosen children’s caskets to stand on. Paul ChechakSavannah, Ga. O’Rourke’s interruption is nothing more than an example of how uncontrolled temper tantrums might fuel bad consequences on a national level. This clueless politician should keep in mind that thoughts generate feelings, and feelings can get translated into behavior. If we are going to tackle any form violence in this country, we need to understand that it is a top-down process, starting with our leaders, then moving to core values and mental-health issues. Quite a complex mix of variables. O’Rourke seems to be a one-trick pony. He should have been quiet and reflective, instead of loud and unruly. Martin GarfinkleStaten Island As we have seen time and time again, if a parent exhibited the same behavior as O’Rourke did at the Uvalde news conference, the police would have knocked them to the floor and handcuffed them. In O’Rourke’s case, he was allowed to come within a couple of feet of Abbott, Uvalde Mayor Don McLaughlin and Sen. Ted Cruz to vent his anger. He was then gently ushered out of the building, where he was allowed to continue his rant. If a similar situation were to happen in the presence of, say, Rep. Nancy Pelosi, that person would’ve been arrested. Armand RoseArlington, NJ O’Rourke, Gov. Kathy Hochul, Sen. Chuck Schumer, President Biden and the rest of the Democrats have no standing to lecture the rest of us on law enforcement. It is no coincidence that their hair-brained policies have resulted in more crime, more homelessness and more senseless deaths throughout our nation. The division and despair we are all experiencing can be traced back to the duplicity and fecklessness of the Democratic Party and its leaders. The chaos is all happening on their watch. Michael D’AuriaBronxville Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.