POV: It’s summer, and the sun is shining. You put on your new swimsuit and jump in the pool. You grab an ice cold beer from your cooler. Something yummy is cooking on the grill. Life is good. It seems like nothing can make a classic summer day better, right? Well, think again. Top off the perfect sunny day with a classic game of Beer Pong. All you need is your choice pong table, some ping pong balls and some red solo cups — and your drink of choice, of course. Below, you can find various styles of beer pong tables ranging from mini and floating options to portable and LED lit ones. Best of all, the eight best beer pong tables are all available on Amazon, so you’ll be serving up a game in no time — thanks to 2-day Prime Shipping! Unlike your typical, white fold-out beer pong table, this option features game lines and triangles to help you strategically shoot, aim and set up. It also breaks down to fit into a small briefcase. Customize your beer pong table to your liking. Write “happy birthday,” draw a funny design or keep score with the help of the four dry erase markers that come included. Michelangelo may not have anticipated that his work would be displayed on a drinking game’s surface, but here we are. If you ask us, we think it makes the game just a bit classier. Take the game to the pool with this floating option. With a one-way inflation valve, you’ll be playing up a storm while keeping cool in no time. The party doesn’t start until the sun goes down, so light this table up and keep the game rolling. This LED beer pong table also comes with four dry erase pens for further customization. Take summer days to new heights with this two-in-one beer pong and cornhole set. Complete with xornhole bags, pong balls, cups and pong racks, you’ll be the talk of the evening. Sometimes a mini version is all you need. This wooden beer pong set features two catapults and a tethered ball for some top-notch fun. This portable beer pong set is perfect for the beach, park and anywhere life takes you. This set includes two pong racks and one carrying bag. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.