Several people were injured when panicked crowds at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn stampeded back into the arena after a boxing match on Sunday, according to videos and witnesses. At least some inside the Brooklyn arena believed  there was an active shooter on the scene after the Gervonta Davis-Rolando Romero fight, but the NYPD denied any shots were fired. Only media and production workers were still in the Barclays when a fight broke out and some mistook the commotion for a shooter, boxing reporter Ryan Songalia told The Post. Dozens of people began frantically pouring back inside, witnesses and video showed. “We’re used to brawls at boxing events but recent headlines and the panic of the crowd made many of us worried that our worst fears would come true,” Songalia said. “Thankfully we were able to return to our seats to file our stories and exit safely.” People were “definitely frightened, it wasn’t like they were just moving back inside to get away from a few people throwing punches” “It was as if they were running for their lives.” Sports Illustrated writer Chris Mannix tweeted that a sound like gunshots rang out inside, though he later said the sound may have come from outside. “Frightening moments,” he wrote. “Hundreds of fans started to rush back into the arena from the concourse. People — including media — ducking for cover.” Video showed crowds scrambling and another clip appeared to show shoes and other items strewn on the floor in the aftermath. Although it was not an active shooter situation, there were erroneous reports circulating on social media as the nation remains on edge following two recent mass shootings in Buffalo and Uvalde, Texas. An NYPD spokesperson confirmed to The Post the active shooter report is “inaccurate.” “It’s a large crowd condition. No shots fired. No one shot outside the Barclay’s Center,” the spokesperson said. It wasn’t immediately clear how many people were hurt or what the extent of their injuries were. Champion Tennis player Naomi Osaka was at Saturday’s fights, and said she was “petrified” in the ensuing mayhem after a shooter rumor circulated. “I was just in the Barclays center and suddenly I heard shouting and saw people running, then we were being yelled at that there was an active shooter and we had to huddle in a room and close the doors, I was so f–king petrified man,” she tweeted around 1:45 a.m. Sunday. Another Twitter user wrote, “Everyone at @barclayscenter was panicking. Both my knees are bleeding from being on the floor for what seemed like 20 minutes.”  The user thanked a brother “for pulling me out safe.”