Tourists at the Sandals resort in the Bahamas where three Americans mysteriously died last week have been complaining about the intense smell of bug repellant, according to a new report. Multiple guests at the Grand Exuma resort told NBC News about the “strong odor” of insecticides, which the Bahamian authorities are now investigating, according to the network. While the reports remain inconclusive, it’s a strong new lead in the bizarre deaths given the potential lethality of the chemicals. In 2016, the parent company of pest control company Terminix settled for $87 million with an American family poisoned by an insecticide while on a Caribbean vacation. The father of the Delaware family was left paralyzed after the company was fumigating the property below their rental villa with the banned substance methyl bromide, according to CBS News. The new lead for Bahamian authorities comes as the victims families back home and the Royal Bahamas Police Force try to piece together how the three resort-goers died. Authorities are also looking into possible issues arising with the air conditioning in the tourists’ rooms. Royal Bahamas Police Force Commissioner Paul Rolle identified the dead victims as Robbie Phillips, 65, and Michael Phillips, 68, both from Tennessee, and Vincent Chiarella, 64, from Florida. The three Americans were found dead in two separate but connected villas at the resort Friday, just hours after separately seeking medical treatment because they were feeling unwell. Chiarella’s wife, Donnis Chiarella, 65, was airlifted to a hospital in Florida for treatment and remains in serious condition, authorities said. Few details have been released beyond the tourist’s previous complaints of feeling ill. A honeymooning Arizona couple staying at the Sandals Emerald Bay resort said Tuesday that everyone at the luxury getaway has been “kind of just hush-hush” about the matter. “It is a scary feeling being here right now,” Carley Shimkus told Fox News. “And it’s a little uncomfortable for both of us … I want this to be the happiest time in my life, but it’s kind of hard, though, just with the situation that is going on.” Families members of the Phillips and Chiarellas did not immediately return a request for comment.