The Rangers were supposed to practice Wednesday, but their 4-3 triple-overtime loss to the Penguins on Tuesday night changed their plans. Instead, they reported to MSG Training Center in Tarrytown for some light stretching and maintenance after 106 minutes of Stanley Cup playoff hockey in that marathon Game 1 at the Garden. “I think rest, hydration, I think those things are key, something we’re talking about,” said Adam Fox, who logged the second-most ice time on the Rangers with 44:28 Tuesday night, behind only K’Andre Miller’s 44:38. “Just managing your body. I think we all know what’s at stake. Games are going to go long, but [we’re] just trying to recover and get back to 100 percent.” As important as ensuring they’re physically recovered from the longest hockey game in the current Garden’s 54-year history, the Rangers will have to mentally bounce back as well. Head coach Gerard Gallant was concise with his message, saying the Rangers have to simply move on and set their sights on Game 2 on Thursday night.  The Rangers still believe they’re a good team, Gallant said, they still believe they can win this series. Before the playoffs even started, several Rangers acknowledged how crucial it would be to not get ahead of themselves. They had to know one loss wouldn’t mean the series is over, and one win wouldn’t mean the series was in the bag. “I think it’s just understanding it’s one game,” Fox said. “We got a quick turnaround here and I’m sure a lot of these games are going to be tight games and could go either way based off a bounce or a deflection or anything like that. So I think just building on what we had early in that game and the chances we created and come back strong [Thursday].” The Rangers have harped on the importance of a 60-minute effort all season long, and they were reminded Tuesday night what can happen when they don’t produce that. Gallant agreed that at times the Rangers reverted to some of their old habits, such as making one too many pretty passes and failing to sustain puck possession. After building a 2-0 lead over the first 25 minutes, the Rangers were ultimately outshot 25-8 in the second period, when Penguins star Sidney Crosby and his linemates Jake Guentzel and Bryan Rust helped shift the momentum. There can’t be that large of a disparity in play period to period, Gallant said. “Consistency with our game,” he added of what the Rangers need to improve from Game 1 to Game 2. “Play that battle, play that heavy game for 60 minutes. You can’t play it for 25 and expect success from that. We did a lot of things right the first 25 and after that, they took over a little bit.” Gallant said goalie Igor Shesterkin was doing “great” after turning aside 79 of the 83 shots he faced in Game 1. Despite the result, Fox said he had fun and enjoyed the atmosphere in his first legitimate playoff game. The Rangers are keeping it light. But they’ll have to do something about Crosby and company. Jacob Trouba will have to be much more impactful on both sides of the puck. The Rangers’ second line — especially Artemi Panarin, who finished with just two shots on goal over 31:53 of ice time — must get more involved on offense. “He created a lot of chances [Tuesday] night,” Gallant said of Panarin. “When we look back at the chances, he missed some real good chances. But overall, we all can be better. Not just Panarin. We all can be better. We were all really good and then we were all fair.”