If you can’t take the heat, get out of the kitchen and grab a fire extinguisher. Twitch user Kelly Caron, known as kjanecaron on the livestreaming platform, had one hot broadcast on Wednesday — after she nearly burnt down her kitchen during a live cooking segment. The Miami-based star, who boasts a mechanical engineering degree according to her Twitch profile, was searing steak when the pan began emitting smoke. Fearing her steak would soon be blackened, Caron removed the meat from the oil-soaked pan — which acted as fuel for a sudden fiery eruption. The situation really escalated from there. “Oh, s–t. F–k. F–k, f–k, f–k,” she can be heard yelling over the fire alarm during the footage. Caron tried splashing water on the pan, but that only made things worse. “I don’t know what to do you guys,” she told her viewers, panicking. “Guys, I don’t know what to do!” The stream quickly ended, but the accidental fire-starter logged back onto social media hours later to assure fans she was OK with a selfie posted to her Instagram Stories. “Yes, I’m OK just burned my hand a little and the fire department came, NBD,” she wrote in an update. The fiasco was captured and soon shared on Twitter, where more than 4.4 million people also watched. Witnesses on social media grilled the amateur cook for failing to use basic fire safety — and doing so live on camera. “Don’t they cover this stuff in elementary school anymore?” one asked. “Why tf would you do a cooking stream if you don’t know the basics in safe cooking?” demanded another. According to the FireRescue1 community, an official partner of the International Fire Chiefs Association, small fires should be snuffed out by placing a fitted lid on the enflamed pan, or dousing with salt or baking soda, strictly. While water or fanning may seem like natural fire deterrents, both can actually augment the blaze in event of a grease fire. If the fire continues to grow after trying these simple methods, do not attempt to move the pan and instead reach quickly for a fire extinguisher. If that doesn’t work, “Get out,” they advised, and call 911.