A woman has recalled the moment she spotted something unusual in the mirror which ended up saving her life. Susan Hunter-Dabson was blowdrying her hair and noticed something odd when she lifted her arm. The 57-year-old told ITV News: “I was drying my hair and as I lifted my arm, the round, cup part of my breast went flat. “I was a G-cup so it was difficult to feel anything but I knew the appearance wasn’t right. “Because my mum had been diagnosed with cancer young and beaten it, I decided to go to the GP.” Most people associate breast cancer with a lump. But there are around a dozen symptoms of the disease, some of them less known than others. This can include a change to breast shape or size, or a flattening or shrinking of the breast. Puckering or thickening of the skin, or fluid from the nipple that is bloody, smelly or cloudy can also be key signs. It’s important to be “breast aware” — familiar with what you breasts are like normally — so you can spot any changes early. Susan, from Bedfordshire, was reassured by her GP that her symptoms were likely nothing to worry about – there could be other medical conditions causing them. But he referred her for tests anyway. Susan said: “Whilst I was worried about the results, I was convinced that it wouldn’t be anything too serious. “My husband, Simon, came along to my appointment and I’m so glad he was there because out of the blue I was told I had cancer. “It was such a shock as I really couldn’t comprehend me having cancer. “I was numb after being told I had a 6cm mass in my left breast, then during the course of the investigations, the doctors found another primary cancer in my right breast.” Susan began a six-month course of chemotherapy before having surgery to remove some breast tissue. She had four operations followed by four weeks of radiotherapy. After Susan’s ordeal, which occurred over a year, she was fortunately told her cancer was in remission. She said she “burst into tears” because it was the “biggest relief”. “I knew that I had a future,” she said. After her experience, Susan is now raising money for Cancer Research UK by taking part in the charity’s Cycle 300 campaign. Elisa Mitchell, from Cancer Research’s Bedfordshire branch, said: “For the past 20 years, the incredible generosity and commitment of people like Susan has helped Cancer Research UK make discoveries that have saved countless lives and which benefit millions of people around the world. “But we have so much more to do. That’s why we hope Susan’s story will spark a chain-reaction across Bedfordshire that will help us keep investing in science today to deliver the treatments of tomorrow.” Some 56,000 people are diagnosed with breast cancer every year in the UK, and there are 11,500 deaths. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.