Did this year’s round of spring cleaning have you itching to redesign your space? If you’ve been dreaming of changing things up with new furniture and wall colors and need an assistant in the creative space, the Nix Mini Color Sensor V2 makes a perfect companion. Unlike an interior designer, you can just keep this guy in your pocket at all times (no hefty hourly cost required!). And right now, this accurate color matcher that gives you the name of specific paint brands and shades is on sale for 15% off at just $83.95, just in time for a summer refresh. Not all of us have been blessed with an eye for color. Whether you have a hard time matching shades or you’re skilled at figuring out hues on your own, the Nix Mini Color Sensor V2 is ready to be your pocket-sized color superhero. Wondering how it works? It easily identifies colors with a simple scan of any surface — from painted walls to fabrics or works of art. Just scan things and then pair it with the Nix Digital app and it will be like a real-life version of Photoshop’s eyedropper tool. Find something you love? If you discover a color you want to incorporate at home, you’ll want to download the Nix Paints App. It allows your Nix Mini Color Sensor V2 to provide the exact color match for over 100,000 brand name paint colors from Benjamin Moore, Dulux, Farrow and Ball, and Sherwin Williams or matches to sRGB HEX, CMYK and LAB colors. Coming in at just 1.5″ by 1.5″ by 1″, the Nix Mini Color Sensor V2 can tag along anywhere, letting you channel your creativity at all times. And it runs on a battery that’s rechargeable, just plug it into the included micro USB cable and any standard plug to power it back up. CNET raved that the Nix “comes precalibrated and doesn’t require any work on your end,” and Mashable called it “an awesome tool to feed your innate perfectionism.” Users are loving it as well, with happy customer Henry sharing, “It successfully identified several difficult and uncommon colors when tested. Would definitely recommend.” Scan and tap into your creativity with the Nix Mini Color Sensor V2. It’s on sale now for just $83.95. Prices subject to change.