Chad Michael Murray isn’t losing his religion. The “One Tree Hill” alum, 40, revealed that he won’t take on certain acting roles if they compromise his religious beliefs. “I stick to the things I believe in,” Murray recently told Fox News. “Let’s just say a piece of material were to come across my desk, which has happened plenty of times over the last 22 years, that I don’t necessarily feel is what I believe or what I’m selling — then that’s not for me.” The “Cinderella Story” actor went on, “I don’t want to step in something that I don’t believe in any way because it’s going to destroy it for everybody else involved.” “If you don’t fully love and embrace the character that you are inhabiting, it will show on screen. I always want to give the people that I’m working with and the people who are going to watch the movie, the most of me,” he said. Murray added that he likes to keep his Christian faith close to him by putting on his “spiritual armor” every morning. He reads the Bible and his devotionals before going to work. “I feel stronger and safer walking onto my sets every day knowing that I have God with me every day. Jesus is there with me every day,” he said. “When you have that comfort that you just feel safe, you feel different, you feel the opportunity to handle more, your shoulders are bigger, you can carry more weight.” “Fortress: Sniper’s Eye” is the former WB star’s next project, in which he acts alongside Bruce Willis. Willis, 67, announced his retirement from acting in late March after being diagnosed with aphasia. The brain disorder affects his ability to communicate and impacts his comprehension skills. Murray also got candid about working with the “Die Hard” legend amid his health battles. “I think I would say the majority of us all have an admiration for [Bruce Willis]. He was my childhood. He’s a big part of my childhood,” the father of two said. Murray continued, “So for me, having that chance to walk on set and not just collaborate, but to truly create a relationship and get to know each other a little bit and talk and swap old war stories and joke around, goof, laugh and have those moments on set — those are moments that I don’t take lightly, that I’m so utterly grateful for.” The action film icon’s daughter Rumer shared a statement about her dad taking a step back from Hollywood on March 30. “To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities,” the statement read. “As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.”