They’re naked and afraid — of having to put clothes on. Key West’s famed “Fantasy Fest” — a raunchy annual bacchanal that draws the garment-averse from across the globe — could soon be forced to cover up. A coalition of residents and business owners want a crackdown on public prurience during the October bash and changes are likely imminent, officials said. “The truth is that there is an overarching feeling that we need to scale back on some of the nudity and the debauchery that has been occurring for some time,” District Commissioner Clayton Lopez told The Post. “When residents start complaining, we have to be responsive.” Local ordinances officially ban nudity but many Fantasy Festers elude the rule with body paint — or just ignore it altogether. Under increasing pressure, officials are considering ways to sanitize the event that launched in 1979 as a way to spur commerce during the area’s slower season. Lopez said he expects Key West officials to propose a concrete set of reforms in the coming months that will focus on suppressing nudity. “I understand both sides here,” he said. “Fantasy Fest was never intended to be a family event. It was always intended to be an adult event. But it was never supposed to be a triple X event.” With roughly 75,000 attendees pouring into town, private adult parties abound and a section of the town is reserved for two days to contain some of the kink. “It’s filthy,” longtime Key West resident Harry Bethel Sr. told The Post Thursday. “People are having sex in the alleys. They’re naked. Some cover up with paint but you can see right through it.” Mayor Teri Johnston has also indicated that enforcement will stiffen this year. With roughly 75,000 attendees pouring into town, private adult parties abound and a section of the town is reserved for two days to contain some of the kink. Other highlights include Tutu Tuesday, where participants both male and female don the colorful garments and parade through the packed streets. One bar owner, however, scoffed at attempts to tame the annual skin celebration. “How about this,” he said. “Don’t go. It’s one week, for goodness sake. It’s not like people are barging into homes. They’re coming here and spending money at our hotels and bars and restaurants. That’s not a small deal.” The festival’s organizer, Nadene Grossman Orr, did not return a call for comment.