She’s been blessed. A Christian OnlyFans star, who rakes in a whopping $120,000 per month, says God has directly told her she should keep stripping until she is 75. Nita Marie, 46, has become one of the adult site’s top earners courtesy of kinky content that shows her clad in lacy lingerie. The busty blonde has been blasted by fellow believers over her career in seduction, but she says it’s all part of a divine plan. “God is guiding me through my OnlyFans career, and he said I should continue creating content until my 70s,” Marie told Jam Press in an interview on Thursday. “To me, sexuality is a huge part of my faith,” she further declared. “When we experience an orgasm with someone else, we share a small part of how God feels about us.” Marie — who is based in Colorado — found her faith after having a dream about Jesus when she was just 9 years old. The curvy content creator claims she has regular conversations with God to ask whether he is happy with her X-rated exploits. “I asked God if he wanted me to continue [stripping], and the answer was always yes,” Marie insisted. Although she’s a devout Christian, Marie believes that the Bible is “misogynistic” as it was written during a time when women were not allowed to read or write. As a result, she’s made it a mission to help women embrace their sexuality. And the stunner says God wants her to keep up her OnlyFans account until she’s a senior citizen, in order to empower older women to continue feeling beautiful and enjoying sex. “I want to be a GILF [grandma I’d like to f – – k] and empower older women to look and feel good in their own bodies,” she declared. “I also want to encourage them to have an active sex life.” “I know that God doesn’t want me to retire,” she confidently asserted. Marie is a married mom of two and says her husband is supportive of her OnlyFans endeavors — just as God is. “[My husband] doesn’t want me to retire either — he likes the money too much,” she cheekily claimed. And while her hubby is happy for his wife to share raunchy photos with fans, he’s also more than willing to share her with God in the bedroom. Marie previously revealed that she, her husband and their divine creator get together in bed at least “twice a week” for the “best sex” she’s ever had. Marie also hit headlines last year, revealing she was writing a book about religion and sexuality in a bid to help women reclaim their “birthright to enjoy their bodies.”