The Rangers will need to play Penguins star Sidney Crosby much differently than they did in Game 1 if they want their first-round playoff series to go their way. Crosby and his linemates, Jake Guentzel and Bryan Rust, had 30 chances to just two by the Rangers in Pittsburgh’s 4-3 triple overtime win Tuesday night at the Garden. Crosby dished two assists and put up seven shots on goal, two blocked shots, one hit and four takeaways in 34:49 of ice time. The 34-year-old forward was vintage “Sid the Kid,” and there wasn’t much the Rangers could do about it. “The first 25 [minutes] was real good against them and then we just gave them too much room to make plays,” head coach Gerard Gallant said. “When you’re playing against that line, they’re going to make some real quick plays, they got a lot of talent, they got a lot of speed. Guentzel goes to the net, they know what to do and they do a lot of great faceoff plays. We got to do a better job there, too. But we’ll play them hard and play better for 60 minutes.” Defenseman Adam Fox, who was on the ice when Crosby set up Guentzel’s second tally of the night with a nifty leading pass, admitted the Rangers will have to focus on slowing down the Penguins’ top line. The trio can be deadly when they gain speed in the neutral zone, so it’ll be up to the defense to get an extra body in the way and limit their speed when entering the Rangers’ zone. Fox acknowledged how difficult it is to knock Crosby, the eight-time All-Star, off the puck. The Rangers also must be wary of Crosby’s hockey IQ and stick work, Fox sad, but it’ll be crucial to simply slow him down. “I think being more physical is one thing,” Fox said. “They got a pretty smart group of players on that line, so I think you also have to be mentally smart, be in the right position at times. I think being physical with them, moving your feet and trying to stay in front of them is big. I think just overall trying to slow them down a little bit and not let them get so much time and space coming into the zone.” Defenseman Ryan Lindgren, who didn’t play in the third overtime, is expected to be good to go for Game 2. “Banged up a little bit,” Gallant said. “But he’ll be there tomorrow I’m sure. Just maintenance and get ready for playoff games. That’s what it’s going to be with a lot of the players.” Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said goalie Casey DeSmith, who left in the middle of the second overtime with an apparent injury, is day-to-day. The Penguins had to recall netminder Alex D’Orio from their minor league affiliate. Additionally, forward Rickard Rakell, who left in the second period after absorbing a massive hit from Lindgren, is also day-to-day.