Pack your bags, the world is once again yours for the taking. For many of us, it’s been more than two years without travel but with vaccination rates rising in many states, people are starting to feel more comfortable leaving their home base. But before you hit the ground running and embark on your next journey, it may be a good idea to see what kind of shape your old suitcase is in. If you decide it’s time for an upgrade after running up to the attic, we’ve got you covered! With so many different brands and styles on the market, choosing your next go-to suitcase can be a challenge. There are tons to consider: design, warranty, overall quality (zippers, wheels, handles) and then, of course, optimal interior space that meets both your needs and airline requirements. Keep reading to find out which luggage brands we consider to be the best! Monos is a Canadian company and considers itself to be “the apple of luggage” due to its minimally designed products. The brand has a plethora of choices, including their award-winning Carry-On bag ($225). Most of their products are made with an unbreakable polycarbonate shell, a TSA-approved lock, quiet wheels, vegan leather details and all-premium materials. Plus, a lifetime warranty and a 100-day trial! CalPak sells tons of great suitcases with fun patterns and good quality, durable designs. They also offer luggage sets at reasonable prices — many of which are currently 25% off. The Jen Atkin Carry-On Luggage ($214), for instance, is available in three fun colors and would make a great pick for any upcoming trips. Away Luggage is another fan favorite luggage company that has become ultra-popular amongst millennials since launching the company in 2015. They sell tons of different bags but they’re most known for their premium carry-on bags that come with a portable charger and a limited lifetime warranty. Not sold yet? Check out our standalone review on the brand. Choose between the brand’s popular Bigger Carry-On ($295), the large Aluminum Suitcase ($745) and more. Tumi, a luggage brand that was founded in 1975 by Charlie Clifford after a stint in the Peace Corps in Peru, has been a cult favorite for decades. The brand offers a variety of suitcase sizes ranging from weekender bags (with wheels and without) to mega large duffle bags. Plus, they have a warranty of five years on most of their products. The brand’s Latitude 22″ ($750) is ideal for carry-on-worthy trips and the Alpha 3 Worldwide Trip Expandable option ($1,475) is great for longer trips. Béis Travel, which was launched by actress Shay Mitchell in 2018, features a variety of trendy but chic luggage pieces for many different occasions and purposes. The best part? Béis is offering New York Post readers an exclusive 15% off their entire website with the promo code NYP15. We adore the brand’s Soft-Sided Collapsible Carry-On ($198) is not only a durable pick that will last you for years to come but it stores easily, too. Samsonite’s suitcase collection consists of reliable hardshell, softshell, spinners, duffles and many more suitcases at a great price point. The brand often offers great deals on its products, too. Check out the Samonsite Voltage DLX Large Spinner ($190) for the perfect all-purpose piece. American Tourister is one of the oldest companies on our list (founded in 1933!) and is a simple, efficient and budget-friendly suitcase brand. They sell pretty much every style and size bag you’d be looking for and even have fun Disney and “Star Wars”-inspired collections! While not a luggage brand, per se, Amazon.com has a plethora of suitcase options at a variety of price points! Brands include Amazon Basics, Samsonite, American Tourister and more. For more online recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.