Nobody likes allergies. Even more so, the word “moist” is a big no-no. Investing in a good dehumidifier is a great way to reduce excess moisture in your space, especially if you’re prone to allergies. Plus, the small appliance is typically low-maintenance to empty, especially if your dehumidifier has a water basin. But here’s the catch-22: what’s the difference between a dehumidifier and a humidifier? “A dehumidifier removes moisture from the air, as opposed to a humidifier which adds it,” Dr. Steven Cole, a private practitioner at Park Lane Allergy & Asthma Center and Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, told the New York Post. “People who are allergic to dust mites, mold, or cockroaches benefit from a dehumidifier since those allergens increase in damp environments.” Speaking of damp environments, Dr. Cole adds that dehumidifiers work best in “any place that is damp, prone to flooding or water damage or has a mildew or musty smell.” The humidity-sucking devices are commonly stored in basements but are recommended in bedrooms, too, per Dr. Cole’s advice. “Bedrooms are where we spend a large amount of time in our home, and that is the primary source of dust mites in the home, too,” he said. To maintain the freshness of your home all year round — not just during springtime allergy season — shop the best dehumidifiers below. To help guide your decision, we provided specifications for each model. From portable options to dehumidifiers for large spaces, there’s one for every preference and living space. Not to mention, some of these look ultra modern when next to your new sectional sofa, bar cart or decorative mirror. This Frigidaire dehumidifier is one of the best on the market, notably for its easy-to-use features and pull-out pint tank. Not to mention, this model has an easy-to-clean washable filter and custom humidity control to adjust, depending on the size of your space. Della’s dehumidifier is Energy Star-certified, which can help save on energy bills by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Plus, it’s WiFi-enabled and compatible with Alexa voice commands, making it one of the most modern models yet. Perfect for small spaces, this Eva-Dry Dehumidifier is cordless, portable and spill-free. Impressively, it lasts 20 to 30 days before the silica gel beads have to be recharged. Oh, and did we mention you hang it up on your wall to save space in your room? As a practical budget option, this Seavon Dehumidifier features auto-shutoff and is a good size to set up in your bedroom — without it being an eyesore. It also has built-in thermo-electric cooling technology that, impressively, is ultra-quiet (a bonus!) As another Energy Star-certified dehumidifier, Hisense’s model is compact for small spaces and has that sleek stainless steel look that may match your other appliances. It also has an easy-carry folding handle should you want to transport it from room to room. GE is a top-tier household brand, and its dehumidifier is Energy Star-certified, features LED digital controls, and is especially great for damper spaces, thanks to its large hose size. Plus, its built-in pump allows water to be drained up to 16-feet away. With more than 40,000 positive Amazon reviews, there’s no surprise HomeLabs’ Energy Star Dehumidifier made the cut. Choose from different sizes (from 1,500 sq. ft. to 4,500) and enjoy its sleek look, built-in Turbo mode to really tackle humidity and included wheels and handles. For less than $200, Toshiba’s Energy Star Dehumidifier doesn’t skip on quality. It can run for a preset amount of time with its easy-to-use timer control, too, and “container full” warnings automatically let you know when to clean or empty the water filter. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.