Johnny Depp gave his fans what they wanted as he left the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia last week — and now the footage is going viral. Hordes of his #JusticeforJohnny diehards line up daily to catch a glimpse of the movie star reporting to the plaintiff’s stand in the ongoing trial for a $50 million lawsuit he filed against ex-wife Amber Heard. (Some are even trying to scalp their court-entry wristbands to the highest bidders — and Depp-sessives have shelled out as much as $30,000 for access to the proceedings.) Crowd-pleaser Depp, 58, recently surprised the gaggle of his newfound groupies by doing his legendary Captain Jack Sparrow voice, made famous from his performances in Disney’s “Pirates of the Caribbean” franchise. His followers shouted out their love and admiration for the “Edward Scissorhands” icon as he departed the courthouse in an SUV, waving from the backseat window. In a viral clip — which was posted to Twitter last week and has since picked up steam as proceedings relaunched Monday — someone shouted “We adore your hair!” He waved and showed off his ponytail. A fan then called out, “You’ll always be our Captain Jack Sparrow!” The cinematic “Cry Baby” then delighted his adoring public by talking back in the voice of his iconic character: “He’s still around somewhere. I see him now and again. He shows up now and again,” Depp said in Captain Jack’s unmistakable cadence. The now-viral clip has racked up nearly 1 million views. (Warning: There’s some adult language dropped in the clip.) Depp is suing Heard, 36, for defamation in response to a 2018 op-ed she penned for the Washington Post in which she dubbed herself “a public figure representing domestic abuse.” Depp wasn’t named, but he claims Heard decimated his reputation and career, costing him millions of dollars in lost work. Shortly after the piece was published, the “Public Enemies” actor was dropped from a “Pirates of the Caribbean” reboot. The “Aquaman” actress, who married Depp in 2015 and filed for divorce 15 months later, is countersuing her ex for $100 million. While Heard supporters report being subjected to a barrage of misogynistic hate online, an A-list parade of Depp’s “Pirates” co-stars have spoken out about the trial and defended the Kentucky native. “I have no doubt Johnny will emerge with his good name and wonderful heart revealed to the world, and life will be better than it ever was for him and his family,” his “Dark Shadows'” co-star Eva Green, 41, posted to Instagram on Thursday. Meanwhile, Orlando Bloom, 45, has previously spoken about how working with Depp on “Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl” — which originated the “Pirates” franchise upon its release in 2003 — was a career highlight he would never forget. Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial “I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career,” Bloom told BBC in an interview published shortly after “Black Pearl” hit theaters. He also gushed over Depp’s dedication to his craft: “I knew he’d bring something unique to it the way he always does with his roles. I just didn’t know what it would be when I saw it, it was fantastic.”