Starting a company is a noble endeavor. And as time goes on, more and more people are trying it. Yet, it’s still hard, which is why upwards of 90% of startups ultimately fail. The daily, uphill grind can be challenging to morale and productivity for the entrepreneurs who start these organizations. And while founders need support, the inherent nature of their positions as support systems for their own employees makes accessing that support difficult. Luckily, the oft-isolated professionals who created their companies can now use the internet to seek out communities of like-minded peers. For founders who are busy and prefer some curation and exclusivity in that search, the best thing you can do is apply to become a member of a Founder Community with Startups.com. Designed to help founders maximize themselves and find new, sustainable ways to increase productivity and growth, Founder Communities enable members to bounce ideas off peers, talk about things they can’t share with employees, and create new opportunities for collaboration. Getting started is as simple as applying for consideration. If accepted, you can get started right away with a dedicated startup advisor. Your advisor will help you make the most of your Founder Community resources. You’ll learn how to take advantage of pitch-deck reviews with proven professionals, where to tap into investor research support systems, how to connect with growth marketers, and so much more. Members also get set up with industry peer communities, with whom you can check in regularly. These deep dives can cover whatever you need them to. Topics often circle around sustainable ways to stay productive, strategies for isolating challenges to solve them easier, and more specific things, like approaching venture capitalists. Built by founders for founders, these communities are helping many thriving professionals take things to the next level. One member named Sean L. from Olive AI wrote, “Finally, I’m in a room of founders that know exactly what problems I’m dealing with, and how to work them out.” This praise comes as no surprise since the Founder Communities exists on the Startups.com platform, which has helped launch over one million startups. Apply for consideration for a Founder Community today. If selected, you will get a 30-day window for a 100% refund if you’re not satisfied. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.