They were loving on the edge. A UK couple took their love life to new heights while having sex on a cliff in full view of restaurant diners. A clip of the steamy seaside sexcapade is currently blowing up online. “I was pretty shocked, to be fair. I was just amazed,” an unnamed onlooker, who filmed the cliff-bangers, told NeedToKnow of the X-rated display, which took place Thursday afternoon near Swanpool beach in Falmouth, Cornwall. The camera person was reportedly dining at the Hooked on the Rocks restaurant when they noticed the high-altitude hanky-panky session going down on the bluff opposite the eatery. “An elderly couple turned to me and said there was some live entertainment going on behind us,” the videographer described. In the salacious footage, captioned “Got to love Cornwall,” the naked duo can be seen graphically making whoopie on the grassy bluff from multiple positions as the spectators guffaw in the background. All the while, hikers can be seen traversing a path above, apparently oblivious to the lovers’ antics. “The cliff sits to the left of the beach and from our side, the cliff is out in the open, but from the coastal path, there would have been quite a drop,” explained the camera person of the edgy love sesh. “So those walking up the path likely wouldn’t have known.” They added that the couple got it on “for about 30 minutes, then they just got their clothes back on and left.” “I think everyone was just hoping they didn’t walk through the door next,” the onlooker joked. “Talking to a staff member in the local coffee shop, and she said, in all her years, she’s never seen anything like that.” And while public fornication might seem scuzzy, the bystander gives the sexhibitionists props “for having the audacity” to love on the edge. This isn’t the first time that hanky-panky has gone down up high. In a more recent incident in August, a salacious Australian couple was spotted getting frisky on a cliff during lockdown. It’s unclear why couples engage in this “edgy” form of lovemaking, however, sexperts claim that having sex at higher elevations can literally heighten the feelings of arousal.