WARNING: Major spoilers below for “Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness.” Benedict Cumberbatch is back in his wizard cape and costume for “Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness.” The sequel to the Marvel Cinematic Universe’s 2016 superhero flick reunites Cumberbatch, 45, with stars Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Michael Stuhlbarg and Chiwetel Ejiofor, with Elizabeth Olsen and Xochitl Gomez rounding out the main cast. However, there were many shocking cameos that made fans literally gasp in the movie theater. The film followed Dr. Stephen Strange (Cumberbatch) as he teams up with America Chavez (Gomez) to stop Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch (Olsen) throughout several universes. About almost halfway through the two-hour Sam Raimi-directed movie, a medley of characters appear in a series of surprising cameos. WARNING: Stop reading to avoid spoilers. There is one point in the story where Dr. Strange encounters a secret society known as the Illuminati in another universe in the multiverse. The group is made up of a panel of heroes from far and wide across a plethora of parallel worlds. Dr. Strange meets with heroes while locked up in the universe’s prison, such as Captain Peggy Carter, Professor Charles Xavier, Maria Rambeau/Captain Marvel, Reed Richards/Mister Fantastic of the Fantastic Four and Blackagar Boltagon/Black Bolt. All of these characters have appeared in the Marvel film franchise in one way or another. However, some of the actors who play them made their official live-action debut in the “Doctor Strange” sequel. Hayley Atwell solidified her place in the MCU as Captain America’s love interest and right-hand woman Peggy Carter. She shows up donning a suit with the flag of her home country, the United Kingdom, and wielding a shield similar to that of her long-lost love. Actor Anson Mount returns in his role as Black Bolt from the 2017 ABC series “Inhumans.” He appears as part of the Illuminati and with a voice which can cause havoc with just a light whisper. Lashana Lynch reprises her notable role from 2019’s “Captain Marvel,” when she played an Air Force pilot and one of the best friends of Carol Danvers (the original Captain Marvel). Lynch stepped into the “Doctor Strange” role as another version of the superhero. While Marvel’s motley crew of characters — the Fantastic Four — have appeared on-screen several times in the past, a new adaptation of Mister Fantastic has surfaced. John Krasinski has been fan-casted as the very stretchy, blue-covered leader of the Fantastic Four prior to his appearance in the film. Alongside Captain Carter, Captain Marvel and Black Bolt, he is also a member of the secret Illuminati. Perhaps the wildest cameo of all is Patrick Stewart coming back to his role as Professor X, the all-powerful telepath and leader of the X-Men. Marvel’s X-Men universe (a world full of mutant characters who hold incredible powers) has succeeded with its own franchise of films and TV series since 2000. However, since Fox held the rights to the mutant characters for decades, the heroes weren’t able to appear in any other MCU projects. But once Marvel Studios acquired 21st Century Fox in 2019, it opened many possibilities for more X-Men to pop up in other Marvel works. Charlize Theron also emerges in the credits scene as Clea, a sorceress from the Dark Dimension. She sees Dr. Strange and asks for his help as they jump through a portal during the film’s ultimate conclusion.