A Connecticut teen was fatally stabbed during a fight outside a home, police said. James “Jimmy” McGrath, a 17-year-old junior at Fairfield College Preparatory School, was among “numerous teenagers” found outside a Shelton home late Saturday, police said. “Four stabbing victims were located, given medical attention, and sent to the hospital,” Shelton cops said in statement Sunday. McGrath, who played lacrosse and football at Fairfield Prep, later died from his injuries at a hospital. No arrests have been made as of early Tuesday, police told The Post. “The investigation is currently ongoing,” police spokesman Lt. Robert Kozlowsky wrote in an email. Detectives said the fatal fight did not occur at McGrath’s home, the Stamford Advocate reported. School officials confirmed his death in a statement. “It is with profound sadness that the Fairfield Prep community mourns the sudden loss of one of our juniors,” administrators said. “As the school responds to our grieving community, we hold him and his family and friends in our prayers at this difficult time.” Counseling sessions for those in need were provided at the all-male school Monday and will be available for the rest of the week, principal Kathy Riddle said. The three other victims who were stabbed have spoken to Shelton police, WTIC reported. “It’s sad to see what’s happening to our teenagers and that they are making so many wrong mistakes and decisions and I feel so scared for my kids growing up and going to school,” Christina Louis-Fin, who lives across the street, told the newspaper. Another neighbor who works as a nurse heard screams and took action, the newspaper reported. “She walked out and she saw what was happening and walked over and gave the kid CPR before he passed away,” neighbor Peter McCarthy told the newspaper. McCarthy told WABC he learned the stabbing occurred following a party at the home involving alcohol. Another Shelton woman whose two sons knew McGrath said she was “stunned” to hear of his death, the Connecticut Post reported. “Who wouldn’t be upset to hear that something like that happens anywhere?” Kathleen Davis said. “Then you hear it happens two minutes from your home where you walk by every day.” No one answered the door at the home Monday, the outlet reported. More than 1,000 people attended a private prayer service Sunday at Fairfield Prep, where the school’s president addressed students and staffers. “May God bless Jimmy McGrath, Class of 2023, forever a man for others, forever a son of Fairfield Prep,” president Christian Cashman said. An online fundraiser to support McGrath’s family had raised more than $77,000 as of Tuesday. “We love you forever Jimmy,” the website reads.