The father of a 10-year-old Florida boy accused of threatening to shoot up his school broke down into tears Tuesday as he struggled to grasp his son’s shocking arrest — while authorities confirmed guns were found in the family home. “At this point, I don’t feel comfortable saying anything because I don’t want to make a mistake,” an emotional Dereck Marquez told The Post through sobs when asked about allegations his son,  Daniel Issac Marquez, threatened to attack Patriot Elementary School in Cape Coral. “I would appreciate not talking right now.” Marquez, 35, then mentioned hiring an attorney for his son before shutting down the brief interview. “I would appreciate not talking right now,” the crying father said. “When I feel comfortable, I will definitely call you.” Marquez told Lee County deputies he was “expecting to meet with law enforcement” after being made aware of the text-message shooting threat allegedly sent by his son, according to an arrest report obtained by The Post. Daniel, meanwhile, had access to guns at his home in Cape Coral,  Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno told The Post during an interview Tuesday. “There were guns in his household,” Marceno said, adding they were legally owned by Daniel’s father. “I don’t know exactly how they’re stored, but understand, making that threat, there are firearms in the house, so that brings a whole different dynamic as well.” Marceno said he was unsure what type of guns were in the Marquez home, but Daniel allegedly shared a Google image of four AR-style rifles he said he bought and told his buddy to “get ready for water day” — referencing a school-sponsored event in which students partake in water activities. “The last thing we want to do is put a 10-year-old or a juvenile in handcuffs, that’s the last thing we want to do,” Marceno continued. “But I have to be consistent with that message, and that is: Fake threat, real consequence. I’m going back to the old school.” Marceno called on parents to talk with their children about mass shootings — like the one in Uvalde, Texas, that killed 19 fourth-graders and two teachers on May 24 — and to stress the importance of not making any “fake threats” to anyone. “I want the parents to help us,” Marceno said. “Sit their children down, talk to them. Talk to them about what they see on the news and tell them, ‘Look, we understand you can joke around, you’re a child, you’re 10, you’re 12, you’re 15, but a fake threat, a joke, is no longer a joke. It’s going to be a real consequence.’” Daniel, who was charged with making a written threat to conduct a mass shooting, will remain in juvenile detention for 21 days. His family has hired an attorney ahead of a June 13 court date, Marceno said. Both of Daniel’s parents, who live separately, have spoken with detectives. There’s no indication Daniel has any mental health issues, Marceno said. The sheriff said he’s been inundated with calls since Saturday’s arrest, which was recorded and posted onto Facebook by department officials. “I’ve had countless calls and text messages from parents,” Marceno said. “First of all, number one, rightfully so, being very concerned. Being afraid of sending their child to school.” Teachers, students and faculty alike must be unafraid to attend schools, Marceno said, while stressing the need for “zero tolerance” when it comes to alleged school threats. “They want law and order and they’re trusting in me and my family members that when they kiss their child goodbye in the morning, that their child is in good hands and safe and going to return home,” Marceno said. The sheriff also pushed back on critics who condemned Saturday’s video of Daniel’s arrest. “I know some people get upset — it’s a 10-year-old, right? The last thing we want to do is put a 10-year-old in handcuffs. But absolutely, without hesitation, when a 10-year-old, 12-year-old, 18-year-old — when they press a trigger on a firearm, the results are the same. I have to take that threat [as] real.” Marceno said he’ll stay consistent with publishing mugshots and releasing video of suspects being arrested as long as crimes have been committed. “We are going to make certain that we send a clear message of zero tolerance,” Marceno said. “A lot of parents said, ‘My child saw that child walking in handcuffs. They saw his mugshot, my child is afraid and now knows don’t make any threats.’ And we want that message.”