In school-board elections from Long Island to Albany and westward Tuesday, New York parents outraged by the indoctrination and sexualization of their children will try to wrest control. School-board elections used to be sleepy events with low turnout. No more. Now they’re high stakes. Nearby in Connecticut and New Jersey, school-board meetings are overflowing with parents protesting lessons on gender identity and fluidity in elementary school. New Jersey requires that students be taught the anatomical names for their genitalia by the end of second grade and gender-identity options by the end of fifth grade. One lesson proposal for 6-year-olds says, “You might feel like you’re a girl even if you have body parts that some people might tell you are ‘boy’ parts.” Connecticut’s Democrat-dominated Legislature adopted a state budget two weeks ago that mandates free menstrual tampons and pads in school bathrooms, including at least one boys’ bathroom for students transitioning from female to male. A resource guide the state recommends for teachers encourages them to wear rainbow bracelets and display gay-pride signs. Some parents are outraged. “We will not allow our children to be force-fed content we oppose,” said one New Jersey parent, while another protested that state standards “go against our Judeo-Christian values.” In Connecticut, a new PAC, Parents Against Stupid Stuff, intends to influence the governor’s race by opposing sexually explicit curriculum and demanding a larger voice for parents. It’s an uphill battle in deep-blue states. In Rhode Island, state Sen. Tiara Mack, a gay Democrat, wants sex education to “affirmatively recognize pleasure-based sexual relations” while Democratic state Rep. Rebecca Kislak wants to emphasize that gender is nuanced. But in red states, legislatures are enacting laws to protect parental rights and scrub the curriculum of divisive sexual indoctrination. Adults deciding where to settle and raise their families once considered tax rates, job opportunities and housing prices. Now they also have to ask themselves whether they want their children in schools that push gender transitioning and provide tampons in the boys’ room. In New York, state lawmakers aren’t legislating on curriculum issues, instead leaving it to the school districts. That’s why Tuesday’s school-board elections are so important. On Long Island, Moms for Liberty have endorsed 30 school-board candidates who oppose the emphasis on gender fluidity and advocate more parental involvement. Amanda Cohen-Stein, president of the Long Island Strong Schools Alliance, insists, “Politics does not belong in our school boards” — but she supports teaching “diversity, equity and inclusion,” as if that’s not political. Andy Pallotta, president of New York State United Teachers, also says school-board elections should be apolitical. He claims, “NYSUT and its local unions are big tent organizations.” That doesn’t pass the laugh test: Its Web site shows the union is leftist and committed to the gender indoctrination that offends many parents. Claiming school-board elections are nonpartisan is a ruse. Unfortunately, Newsday’s editorial board parrots the NYSUT talking points, insisting parental alarm over what’s being taught is “misguided.” Newsday claims “schools are not grooming kids, or devaluing them for whiteness or straightness.” Rather, the editors say, “this is a region built on love of our teachers, and schools, and districts.” Ridiculous. Long Island parents who have looked at their kids’ homework and listened in on remote learning are too informed to swallow that pablum. Same is true upstate. Western New York Students First is helping 35 school-board candidates who want more parental input on curriculum and board accountability. “Most people couldn’t tell you who is on their school board. The hope is we kind of start to change that,” explains Jonathan Rich, spokesman for the organization. The Buffalo News disparages the new excitement over school board elections as “a dangerous moment” brought about by “right-wing manipulators.” Nonsense. No one cares more about a child’s education than the parents. In the past, many boards have barely tolerated the presence of parents at meetings. Tuesday’s elections are an opportunity to change that. Don’t miss it. Betsy McCaughey is a former lieutenant governor of New York. Twitter: @Betsy_McCaughey