Sooner than later, the sun will be beaming down, and we’ll be slipping on our swimsuits, jumping in the pool and grilling up a storm. But there’s nothing we love more than matching our fashion choices to the change of the seasons, whether that means opting for shorts, white jeans or adorable ballet flats. That’s why we put our heads together to find the best glasses frames ideal for the summer season. Best of all, they are all available for purchase online and are great for both men and women. Top brands such as GlassesUSA, Pair Eyewear, Warby Parker, Zenni Optical and more are all included in the below lineup. So go ahead, walk with a pep in your step knowing that the weather will soon get warmer and your style will change just as fabulously. Shop the best glasses frames for women and men for 2022 below. Look posh and put together with these delicate round gold wire frames. The gold color make them perfect for styling with matching gold accessories such as watches, earrings, necklaces and more. Don’t want a completely wire frame but still want the signature style? Then these Ray-Ban glasses are the ones for you. Featuring a clear and chunky top, the glasses are original and unique. Similar to the previous wire frame, these are classic and chic. The main difference? These frames have a rounder curve versus that of an almond shape. Don’t forget to take 50% off with code SPRING50. A bit bold and a whole lot of edge. These black wire frames have flecks of orange and teal, making them stand out from the crowd. You can also look forward to a squared-off nose piece. Featuring an all metal design, a sleek brow bar and aviator frame shape, this frame comes in both silver and gold. Delicate and soft, these round frames are reminiscent of cotton candy. The pastel colors will also effortlessly pair with your style of choice. Take 50% off with code SPRING50. A chunky take on the round glasses trend, these Ainsley frames are a must-have. They come in an array of colors and will help you achieve the level of hipster you’re looking for. We don’t know about you, but our under eye bags are Gucci, and so are our glasses. The bright yellow and deep orange come together to create a warm color way, ideal for sunny summer time. With a nod to vintage style, these chunky, round glasses will turn you into an instant hipster. Choose from blue and tortoise as well. Available in black, grey and champagne, these round, transparent glasses are lightweight and retro. Want to feel elegantly poised? Then you’ll fall in love with these Versace cat eye frames. Better yet, they are marked down to $161 when you use the promo code DESIGNER40. Make each day gorgeous with these bedazzled glasses frames. Look closely, and you’ll even notice a thin sliver of tortoise print along the bottom of the frame. Choose from opal or red and enjoy a wide fit and continuous lines for a modern take on a classic cat eye glasses frame. Elsa Hosk brings her fashion expertise into the eyewear space with these old hollywood reminiscent frames. The frames are made from biodegradable materials. Make a statement with these lilac cat eye glasses. Best of all, the see-through frames will allow your face to be fully seen. Complete with soft florals and both sage green and pastel pink, these frames will make an elegant addition to all of your outfits. What makes these frames even more special? The fact that they were inspired by Vincent van Gogh’s Almond Blossom oil on canvas, of course! These black Michael Kors frames will never go out of style. The rectangular shape will add definition to your face, while the silver details will enhance your accessories of choice. Use code DESIGNER40 to unlock the sale price. Another classic Vincent van Gogh painting comes to life with the Irises inspired glasses frame. Who wouldn’t fall in love with these? Sure, you’re familiar with Coach handbags, but what about Coach eyewear? Well, the brand’s frames are just as gorgeous, and right now, you can use DESIGNER40 for an incredible deal. We can’t let the women have all of the Vincent van Gogh fun. Therefore, take advantage of these frames inspired by the artist’s Carafe and Dish with Citrus Fruit painting. Everyone loves a good clear frame. Pair that design with a square style, and you’ve found your perfect match. Use code SPRING50 to save some extra dollars. Is there something the Kate Spade brand can’t do? We think not. After all, these tortoise and sparkly frames are too good to pass up on. If you’re someone who needs to match their glasses with their outfits, then you can’t go wrong with a clear pair. They will undoubtedly go with just about everything. Use code SPRING50 to activate the sale price. The 80s called, and they said you look great. Choose from a plethora of colors to find you ideal square frame color combo. Use code GET to score the discounted price. Rock these bold oversized frames and choose between green, champagne and cognac colors. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.