Relationships work best when you both trust each other. But one woman has sparked a heated debate after she revealed she sets her boyfriend eight rules which he must abide by. The user, who goes by the name of @thefreakshowcircus on TikTok, racked up 3 million views on the video, which has left fans divided. Some people praised her for being reasonable, whereas others believed they were controlling and showed that she has trust issues. Explaining her rules in the video, she said: “Today, we’re doing controversial rules I make my boyfriend follow, Instagram edition because I was telling my guy friends and they called me a psycho bitch. “Disclaimer: Almost every single one of my boyfriends has followed these rules. “So if you’re like, “Oh my God, I could never!” It’s okay, somebody else will. “Number one – Block anyone you had a romantic interaction with. “Obviously, people you’ve slept with are a no-no, but if I found out you held a bitch’s hand and you’re still following her, you’re done. “Number two – No following new women since the day we started dating. Period. I don’t want to give an explanation. “Number three – No searching girls’ names in the handlebar. Like, what are you searching for? No, but really what are you searching for? Because you should find it in me. “Number four – No liking girls’ photos. Like, every guy knows girls don’t like this. “So the fact that you’re continuing to do it knowing, internationally, women don’t like this is a slap in the face. So, period, point-blank, no! “Number five – No story replying. We all know what story replies mean. We don’t have to talk about it. “Number six – No more than one girl per scroll on your Explore page. I know that your Explore page is what you click on. And you want to know how I know? “Because, one time, I asked a guy to stop and he did. And for the duration of our entire relationship, there wasn’t one girl on his Explore page. So I know that the rest of you guys are lying sacks of sh*t. “Number seven – If she posts more than one bikini pic in a row – unfollow. “Like, you should just know. Like, just read my mind. “Number eight – No clicking on Linktree. “Like, adult films are free. I can handle giving other people attention, strangers… but your money? You’re gonna give other women your money? No!” The comment section was filled with comments debating over whether she was in the right or whether she was just being controlling. One commented: “Am I the only one that feels some of these are a bit much?” Coercive control is a pattern of behavior that enables someone to exert power over another person through fear and control. Coercive control can happen in any type of intimate relationship and includes behaviors such as insulting the other person, making threats, exerting financial control, and using sexual coercion. Signs of coercive control in a relationship. All forms of domestic abuse are not acceptable in any situation. If you’re experiencing domestic abuse and feel frightened of, or controlled by, a partner, an ex-partner or family member, it’s important to remember that it’s not your fault and there is no shame in seeking help. It may seem like a difficult step to take, but there is support available and #YouAreNot Alone. Free, confidential support and advice is available to victims and their concerned family members or friends, 24 hours a day. Click here for more information and numbers to call if you need help. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.