A 9-year-old girl was found dead with trauma to her head and bite marks to her back in Brooklyn on Sunday, cops said. Shalom Guifarro was found around 1 p.m. in a bedroom at 571 Lincoln Place in Crown Heights after employees at a restaurant downstairs noticed a foul odor, police sources said. Bart Hubbuch, owner of Memphis Seoul, the restaurant below the apartment, said the mom who lives there has two girls, Shalom and her younger sister. “Very well mannered,” he said of the kids. “The mom was a nightmare though. She was always screaming at them. She had this little dog and was really skinny. “The dad was just here and he got interviewed by the cops and stormed off,” Hubbuch added. He said he left the restaurant to deliver a catering order about 12:30 p.m. and employees called him to say there was a really bad odor and “almost like sewage dripping into the restaurant from the apartment.” Hubbuch called the landlord and the super came over and went to the unit before cops showed up. When cops arrived at the scene around 2 p.m., they discovered Shalom unconscious and unresponsive inside the apartment. Emergency service workers pronounced the girl dead at the scene, according to police. Hubboch said he gave a video to the cops that shows everyone who came in or out of the building for the last 35 hours. “It’s a sad situation,” he said. “The cops even themselves were emotional about it.” Hubbuch said the family has been there for the last two years. The young girl’s death shocked neighbors, who stood outside the building on Sunday evening as her body was removed by the medical examiner’s office. Police also removed two crates carrying one dog each from the home on Sunday evening. In addition to the small dog, neighbors said the family also owned a pit bull-type dog. The medical examiner will determine the cause of death. There were no arrests on Sunday night as police continued to investigate. The tragedy was reminiscent of 7-year-old Julissia Batties, who was found dead with bodily trauma in her mother’s Bronx apartment last year.