Police had responded to more than a dozen domestic disturbance reports at the Brooklyn apartment where a 9-year-old girl was found dead on Sunday, police sources said. Cops had been sent to the Crown Heights home for 14 separate domestic violence reports before little Shalom Guifarro was found nonresponsive and severely bruised around 1 p.m., the sources told The Post. The medical examiner’s office on Monday ruled Shalom’s death a homicide and said she died as a result of multiple force trauma. Sources said the dead girl’s 48-year-old mother was the alleged victim in most of the reports. Several of the reports involve complaints from the mom that her ex is allegedly harassing her, including claims that he vandalized her car in August and that she felt threatened. She allegedly accused the man of child abuse — although police reported that they found that the children were not harmed, according to sources. Now the woman, a city employee whose name is being withheld by The Post, is being questioned by police, although no charges have been filed in the incident, according to the sources. The girl had “extensive bruising,” a wound and bug bites on her back, and swelling on the left side of her head, the sources said Monday. Officers responding to the apartment on Sunday said the dead girl’s sibling told them Shalom was “spanked” by her mom and put in time out after having a temper tantrum. Police also found an extension cord in the hallway of the apartment, as well as a branch and “a curved piece of furniture,” according to the sources. Neighbors also told cops that they have heard “constant arguing” coming from the family’s apartment, the sources added. “I heard a lot of screaming and fighting from the apartment,” neighbor Jason Rahimzadeh said Monday. “I heard loud arguments at least 10 times, where they were screaming at the top of their lungs. The family kept to themselves. “Everyone in the building is so nice and calm, but we all knew that apartment was trouble,” Rahimzadeh added. Jessuan Sierra, the building’s super, said the family has lived there for three years. “The two girls were nice kids,” he said. The mother works for the city Human Resources Administration and retained an attorney through her union, the sources said. Officials said that the Administration for Children’s Services was never called to the home in the past. It is not immediately known who the attorney is. Additional reporting by Jack Morphet 