 “I don’t think anyone could’ve predicted a year ago [the events that have fueled inflation].” – WH Press Secretary Jen Psaki, May 9, on whether experts who warned that Biden policies would cause prices to soar were right. We say: Sorry, Madam Press Secretary, but numerous respected voices, even on the left (Clinton Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, Obama economic adviser Jason Furman, Obama adviser Steve Rattner, etc.) raised alarms early in 2021 that pumping another $2 trillion into an already hot, post-COVID economy via the American Rescue Plan (on top of the $3 trillion injection of 2020 COVID aid) would set prices blazing. Yet President Biden then spent the next year pushing for trillions more in spending, via his Build Back Better boondoggle. (She also could have read The Post at the time…) We say: Who needs a trial — or even an investigation? Only hours after a bullet killed al Jazeera journalist Shireen Abu Akleh in the West Bank, Rep. Rashida Tlaib had already convicted Israel of “murder.” Never mind that Palestinian militants there were engaged in clashes with Israelis around the time she was shot and that Israel has raised the possibility one of them might have fired the fatal round. (The Palestinian Authority refused to let Israeli officials examine the bullet. Hmm . . . ) Never mind, too, why the Israelis were there: They were searching for terrorists responsible for slaughtering 19 innocent Israelis over the past weeks. Yet Tlaib is only interested in slamming the Middle East’s only true democracy as it defends itself against terrorists. Disgusting. “A fire broke out Sunday at the office of an anti-abortion group in Madison, Wis., where ‘If abortions aren’t safe then you aren’t either’ was written on the wall.” — Politico Playbook, May 9, flagging a story from the Wisconsin State Journal — Wisconsin State Journal, May 9 We say: A fire “broke out” — all by itself! — according to Politico. No, there’s no attempt to play down the violence there. (Give us a break!) “The idea that people would have to wait in line an hour or hour and a half for food . . . Just unbelievable!” — President Biden, at a May 11 fundraiser, roaring about 2020 food shortages at the start of the pandemic under President Donald Trump We say: OMG! Look who’s talking! At least there was a good reason for the temporary shortages under Trump: a sudden, unforeseen pandemic. What’s Biden’s excuse for the shortages — of even things like baby formula — on his watch? We say: Pay no attention to Biden and Democrats’ war on energy, which has driven up prices. Or to the inflationary trillions they showered on Americans, fueling demand. Or the supply shortages Team Biden ignored for far too long, which also caused sharp price hikes. The real reason for inflation, Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants you to believe: a sudden, out-of-the-blue, simultaneous outbreak of greed by “giant corporations.” Americans should feel insulted that she thinks they’re stupid enough to buy such nonsense. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board