The BetMGM bonus code is NPBONUS. New customers that sign up with BetMGM can use it to claim a risk-free first sports bet of up to $1,000 in May 2022.    By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can make their first bet risk-free, up to $1,000. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stake back as free bets. In regards to other sign-up offers, this is one of the best of any online sportsbooks out there, and proves to be very competitive. There are still rival sportsbooks that offer larger risk-free bet offers, but given the quality of BetMGM’s sportsbook and strong odds, you don’t want to miss out.    The final four of the NBA playoffs are set, after a dramatic weekend of events led to four remaining competitors. No.1 seeds in the West Phoenix Suns were taken down in Game 7 by Dallas Mavericks, and Boston Celtics prevailed over reigning NBA Champs Milwaukee Bucks. The picture now? Miami Heat take on Boston Celtics in the East, Golden State Warriors facing Dallas Mavericks in the West. Both series begin on Wednesday night, and the drama begins once more. The English Premier League is reaching a dramatic climax, after a weekend which saw Manchester City drop points at West Ham. Liverpool travel to Southampton on Tuesday night, where should Liverpool fail to win, Manchester City would lift the Premier League Title. Leeds United salvaged a point at home to Brighton on Sunday, but are not in the clear yet. Burnley still have a game in hand, and Everton’s loss to Brentford means they are still very much in the relegation dogfight. New York Mets are sitting pretty at 23-13, despite a weekend loss to Seattle Mariners. Remarkably, the Mets have not lost back to back games so far this season. Next up for the Mets is a four game series against St. Louis Cardinals, which begins tonight.  As well as a brilliant $1,000 risk free bet offer upon signing up to BetMGM, there are also a number of promotions that existing customers can take advantage of throughout the year.  21+. T&Cs apply. Opt-in every week and get a $10 free bet every week of the year when you’ve placed $50 worth of qualifying bets the previous week. An easy offer to make the most of, and an extra $10 to wager with.  21+. T&Cs apply. If you’re a fan of hockey, you’ll love getting a $10 free live wager when you place $50 on any NHL game on a Wednesday or Thursday.  21+. T&Cs apply. Parlays are some of the most fun ways to wager, and BetMGM rewards its player with parlay boosts offering up to 40% more profit on parlays of 4+ legs. All you need to do is opt in to take advantage.  21+. T&Cs apply. Perhaps the best referral scheme of any online sportsbook, BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, and both of you will get a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit, and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. A certain easy way to get your hands on a $50 bonus, and plenty more if you’ve got plenty of friends. H2 – What states is BetMGM legal in? BetMGM are legal and licensed in a large number of states, meaning that many players can enjoy the brilliant benefits of playing with BetMGM. BetMGM is fully licensed and legal in the following states:  Despite operating in a massive number of states compared to other sportsbooks, BetMGM is still not operational in all states where online betting is now legal. There are a number of states in the queue waiting to go live, with many more expected to support BetMGM in 2022. It is without a doubt that BetMGM is one of the best sports betting sites available to US bettors and the quality experience carries across from desktop, mobile to the app. For newcomers in the sports betting world, everything is there that you could need in a sportsbook. BetMGM has all of the common betting options available and they have a great selection of sporting events to go with it. The mobile app is one of the best in the industry as well. No cheap thrills or distractions, just a straightforward product that is perfect for those looking to make your bets as quickly and easily as possible. If you are a live-betting enthusiast, then BetMGM is the perfect product for you as they do well to make betting as quick and easy as possible. Covering a massive range of sports, with a fantastic variety of props and markets to choose from. They have everything you would expect from an elite sportsbook, with great existing customer offers and a superb sign-up offer. We cannot find much wrong with BetMGM, and that’s why we rate it so highly. Dubbed by themselves at the ‘King of Sportsbooks’, they are deserving of a crown.  BetMGM’s app, much like their desktop site, is classy and of a high standard. The best app around for sporting variety, their wide range of markets and props is unmatched. The mobile app really encompasses everything that their website provides, and is simple to navigate with a fast interface. BetMGM provides customers with a high-quality, unique user experience. The sportsbook runs on Entain’s proprietary technology, which is used to power European online sports betting sites such as Ladbrokes, Coral and Bwin. The site has a smooth design, which may be difficult to navigate at first, but fantastic to use once you get the hang of it.  The site includes a load of great features, including a parlay builder, early cash out, a tool that allows you to edit live bets, stats on sporting events and live streaming. It also offers a terrific mobile betting app, which has a user-friendly interface.  Recognisable and Trusted Brand – it’s hard to go wrong with such a big name in legal betting, and the BetMGM platform does a great job of incentivizing new users. If you weren’t aware, the MGM brand was Founded in 1968 as Circus Circus Enterprises, Inc. The company owned 15 resorts nationwide when it merged with MGM Mirage. Today, there are plenty of sportsbooks and casinos nationwide, with massive sports events hosted at the BetMGM Grand. Massive Variety – Gone are the days of just being able to make moneyline, spread and over/under bets. Instead at BetMGM you’ll find an abundance of prop betting options and also have the chance to make both regular and same-game parlays. BetMGM will even create bets for you, with their groovy add-on feature ‘Parlay Generator’. Select the odds you want, spin the wheel and shazam, a parlay is made for you! Slick Mobile App  – When using the BetMGM app, you will be amazed at the great features that are included. Not only will you be able to place safe and secure wagers, but you will enjoy other benefits. You can enjoy the fun of live betting, access funds in your account quickly and easily, as well as checking out their daily boosted bets. Busy and complicated desktop homepage – There is no doubt there is a lot going on with the BetMGM homepage. If you’re a first time user, you may well struggle getting to grips with the site. Although everything you could ever want is there, it’s very full and busy for a homepage. Weak existing customer promotions – After the initial risk-free bet you will find a variety of risk-free bet offer, but not to the same level of what you’ll find at FanDuel or Caesars. For a sportsbook of BetMGM’s size and reputation, we’d expect a few more existing customer offers.   BetMGM are completely legit, with their sportsbook being 100% regulated and licensed in a number of states across the US. In order to operate in these states, they need to comply with specific rules and regulations, as well as report their earnings and taxes. Your money and details are completely safe and secure, and you can always use the customer service feature should you need any help.  BetMGM are legal and licensed in the states below: Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, Washington DC, West Virginia and Wyoming.  In any of the legal and licensed states in which BetMGM operates, you must be at least 21 years of age, and within state lines.  In order to use BetMGM, it needs your location to allow you to play. If you are on the browser site, you may receive a pop-up to allow the website to know your location. Setting for geolocation can be found in your wifi, browser or phone setting if you are using your mobile. Make sure to have this turned on, and BetMGM is unblocked.  Yes, BetMGM has a fantastic app on both iOS and Android devices. Their app is free to download from the App Store and Play Store.  BetMGM launched in New York in January 2022. Bettors in the Empire State can use BetMGM, and claim the fantastic new customer offer available. You can access all of your account information, including current balance and transaction history, by clicking “My Account,” which is listed under your name in the upper-right-hand corner of the page. You can access the BetMGM Sportsbook in a number of different ways. Firstly, you can log on through a web browser on either a Mac or PC. Another option is to download the mobile app on any iOS or Android device including smartphones, tablets, iPhone or iPad. Yes, PayPal is one of the many methods accepted on BetMGM. For depositing, PayPal transfers are free and instant. For withdrawing money from your BetMGM account, PayPal is one of the quickest methods taking 24-48 hours, and, again, it is free to use.  BetMGM supports many of the popular deposit methods that other sportsbooks provide. The following are provided by BetMGM: The Cashier function at BetMGM is clear and easy to use, making it simple to deposit and withdraw any funds.