The rocky road traveled by “Breeders” spouses Ally and Paul Worsley (Daisy Haggard, Martin Freeman) in the FX dramedy’s first two seasons hits a major speed bump in Season 3, premiering May 9 (10 p.m.) on FX. “Each time I think about this show I go, ‘Yeah, Ally’s having a really hard time’ but forget the other seasons — she has a lot thrown at her and has a lot to contend with in a much bigger way,” Haggard, 44, told The Post. “I feel like she’s having to use everything she’s got to get by — to stay afloat and not let the family ship sink.” Season 2 ended with the Worsleys in disarray as Paul moved in with his parents after being slugged by his emotionally fragile son, 13-year-old Luke (Alex Eastwood), who said he could not live in the same house with Paul and his anger issues — which have also taken their toll on Ally and their 10-year-old daughter, Ava (Eve Prenelle). As the new season begins, Paul has moved from his parents place to his mother-in-law Leah’s (she’s on her honeymoon) — Ally describes she and Paul trying to have sex in his parents flat as “Shakespearian” — and he’s flirting with Leah’s next-door-neighbor, Gabby (Sally Phillips). Ally, meanwhile, is stressed beyond the breaking point; she’s not only trying to maintain an air of normalcy at home without Paul there, but her job is jeopardized after the company’s Berlin office went under. She also fears she’s losing her connection with Ava, who’s going through some changes of her own. Through it all, Ally, Paul et al. handle everything with the sharp-edged humor, pathos and empathy that’s become the show’s calling card. “Ally’s got early menopause; she’s sort of hormoning and not in balance and she struggles to always remember to do the right thing by everyone, but any human being is incapable of keeping every single ball in the air all the time,” Haggard said. “She does lose her connection with [Ava], which is really tough; as a mom of two girls I watch it and think, ‘Oh god, my kids are 4 and 7 and we get on brilliantly’ and then I look ahead as always with this show and it always presents me with something that might be coming. “This early onset of menopause means Ally is just flaming and feels lost and lonely and a bit like no one’s listening and no one will help her,” she said. “We see her at the lowest ebb she’s been in all three seasons. “She’s someone who’s stretched too far in too many directions.” Haggard, who also co-writes and stars in the Showtime dramedy “Back to Life,” said that Ally and Paul’s relationship will suffer as well as the season progresses. “I think even the most connected people spend too much time apart and there are too many things going on — you have to fight so hard in all relationships trying to maintain those connections and not take anything for granted,” she said. “In this season, we see [Ally and Paul]  really pushed to the limit because they’re not even able to live in the same house … they’re put through the ringer. “I’m not going to say [where the season] goes, but we reach a sort of crunch point within their relationship,” she said. “It builds to an inevitable crescendo.”