Without both of their trophy-winning aces — and three of their top six starters altogether — the undeterred Mets continued to rack up wins Thursday at Citi Field. Max Scherzer joined fellow multi-time Cy Young winner Jacob deGrom on the injured list, but the Mets overcame a blown save by Edwin Diaz on Pete Alonso’s two-run homer in the 10th for an exhilarating 7-6 win over the Cardinals at Citi Field. Diaz couldn’t preserve a 5-4 lead for starter Chris Bassitt in the ninth. With runners on the corners and two outs, third baseman Eduardo Escobar couldn’t come up with what was ruled an infield single for Paul Goldschmidt to tie the score. The go-ahead run against Colin Holderman in the 10th scored on a double-play grounder by retiring star Albert Pujols in likely his final at-bat in Flushing. But with Francisco Lindor serving as the automatic runner at second base, Alonso crushed Cardinals closer Giovanny Gallegos’ 1-0 slider into the second deck in left for his third career walk-off homer as the Mets improved to 26-14 through 40 games entering a six-game road trip beginning Friday in Colorado. The first-place Mets will need Bassitt, their projected No.3 starter, to front the rotation along with veterans Carlos Carrasco and Taijuan Walker in the extended absence of deGrom (shoulder) and Scherzer, who is expected to miss 6-to-8 weeks with a strained oblique. No. 6 starter Tylor Megill also is on the injured list with a biceps injury. Bassitt, a 2021 All-Star with the A’s, gave up four earned runs on nine hits over 6 1/3 innings for a 2.77 ERA through eight starts. He allowed a solo home run to Juan Yepez in the second and another to Goldschmidt one inning later, before the Cardinals grabbed a 3-2 lead on Goldschmidt’s RBI double in the fifth. Brandon Nimmo’s run-scoring groundout tied the score in the bottom half before Jeff McNeil, who’d also driven a run with an infield out in the first, plated two more with a bases-loaded single for a 5-3 lead. McNeil also made a leaping catch against the side wall in foul territory in left field on Goldschmidt’s sac fly with Drew Smith pitching in relief of Bassitt in the seventh to cut the Mets’ lead to one. McNeil also threw out Brendan Donovan at second attempting to advance on the play, but Tommy Edman crossed the plate ahead of the out at second.