Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker may have been dripping in Dolce & Gabbana for their luxurious Italian wedding, but Twitter is more focused on their skimpy pasta portions. In a now-viral clip taken by 43-year-old Kourtney’s little half-sister, Kylie Jenner, 24, a chef uses a ladle and tongs to serve a limited amount of pasta on a decorative plate. It was one of many behind-the-scenes exclusives documented by the billionaire on her Instagram Stories. The pasta video itself may only be 13 seconds in its entirety, but it was just enough to make Twitter go nuts. One user called the portion “one of the saddest things I’ve ever seen.” That tweet has more than 29,500 likes and over 2,600 quote tweets. “This qualifies as a hate crime where I’m from,” one user wrote, while another said, “Not the Sam’s Club sample sizes for food at a wedding.” “Cost of living crisis obviously affecting the Kardashians judging by the photos of Kourtney getting married in her undies and the single strand of pasta served at the reception,” one quipped. “This would make me square up with the bride and groom,” one commenter added. “Personally, if a portion isn’t the size of my face I’m not interested,” another said. “if I’d been there I’d have walked out in protest,” one user wrote. Another user said the teeny tiny portion would make them “leap into the sea.” Of course, there’s always one person backing up the Kardashian family. “Normalize eating appropriate portions instead of overeating for every meal,” one user said amongst a thread of unhappy food critics. However, some Twitter users did also compliment the “dope” plates. The newlyweds, who fake-married in Las Vegas in April and legally wed in Santa Barbara, California, earlier this month, tied the knot once more in front of their family and friends in Portofino, Italy, on Sunday. Barker’s 16-year-old daughter, Alabama, shared Instagram Story videos of her dad, 46, dancing to “I Want You Back” by the Jackson 5 and using his tooth to pull a garter off of the Poosh creator, 43, to “Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)” by Beyoncé.