It’s good to be the Mayor! Eric Adams’ office made out the best among the Big Apple’s more than two dozen major city agencies, scoring a 25 percent bump in his recently unveiled $99.7 billion city budget proposal, a Post analysis found. Adams has requested $204 million for his 1,400-strong executive operation, up from the $163 million de Blasio allotted to his office during his final year running the city. “One of the easy criticisms of the de Blasio administration was growing the Mayor’s Office budget,” said Council Minority Leader Joe Borelli (R-Staten Island). “Everyone can see litter in the street and understand the need for more sanitation workers, so what’s the plainly obvious reason for this?” Most of the $41 million boost is dedicated to a major expansion of the division of the Mayor’s Office of Contract Services, which reviews spending agreements and tracks vendor performance. Adams’ budget would increase MOCS’s budget from $26.5 million to $59 million and add another 47 employees, expanding its headcount from 197 to 244 employees. Budget officials said the extra funding and positions are needed to reform the city’s much maligned contracting system, which is plagued by delays that non-profit providers say make it significantly more difficult to provide social services. But the spending boost contrasts to Adams’ public remarks, in which he has repeatedly demanded that city agencies find ways to operate more efficiently and stretch their budgets further. “We’re going to continue to look for savings inside agencies, we’re going to continue to streamline what we’re doing,” Adams told reporters at the April press conference that followed the rollout of his $99.7 billion budget proposal. “And we’re really going to really call on the agencies to do what we’re asking every other New Yorker to do at home — and that’s manage their budgets better.” The city’s Department of Transportation would be the second biggest winner under Adams’ latest spending plan, seeing its budget rise by 13 percent to $1.4 billion. The Department of Correction, which runs the scandal-scarred city lockups, would get the third biggest bump in its budget: 11 percent. Adams has proposed hiring more than 700 new corrections officers. The biggest losers under Adams’ budget proposal would be Small Business Services (-36 percent), Department of Consumer Affairs (-33 percent) and the Department Design and Construction (-14 percent). “The Adams administration has been focused on fiscal responsibility since day one,” said City Hall spokesman Jonah Allon in a statement, in which he also pointed out the mayor has named an efficiency czar and claimed the administration shaved $2.4 billion off of previously projected spending levels. “[Mayor Adams] has emphasized efficiency and fiscal discipline while making upstream investments to expand and improve services for New Yorkers, including crucial resources to reform our broken contracting process,” he added.