This year’s will be a history-making Platinum Jubilee. For the first time in 70 years, Queen Elizabeth II won’t receive the royal salute during the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. The event is part of the 96-year-old monarch’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee, a slew of celebrations to honor her seven-decade reign, as well as the Windsors who came before her, held from June 2 to June 5. Trooping the Colour refers to a military parade tied to the anniversary of the British monarchy, which enters its 260th year with the upcoming festivities. Traditionally, the queen would attend the parade in Whitehall, either on horseback or, in later years, by carriage, to be greeted by a royal salute as she carries out a symbolic inspection of the troops. Instead, she’ll receive her salute by proxy — via her son and heir Prince Charles, 73, daughter Princess Anne, 71, and grandson Prince William, 39. Meanwhile, the queen will appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony after Trooping the Colour and a personal wave to the public, the Sunday Telegraph reported per the Mirror. She’ll then be joined by much of her close kin, including her parade proxies and their spouses, Charles’ wife, Camilla, 74; Anne’s husband, Vice Admiral Timothy Laurence, 67; and Duchess Kate Middleton, 40, with her and William’s three children, George, 8, Charlotte, 7, and Louis, 4. US-based Prince Harry, 37, and his wife Meghan Markle, 40, along with children Archie, 3, and Lilibet, 11 months, are also expected to attend the parade as spectators, and join the royal family during a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3. Her majesty’s embattled son Prince Andrew, 62, is not expected to officially re-appear until Garter Day at Windsor Castle on June 13. Royal insiders have suggested it’s a sign of the queen’s advanced age. The announcement comes amid reports that the she is experiencing “episodic mobility problems.”  Worries about her health have surfaced recently, as she tested positive for COVID-19 in February. She has since recovered from the virus. She was also absent at the state opening of Parliament on May 10, with Charles and William taking her place. However, Queen Elizabeth didn’t miss the Royal Windsor Horse Show on May 13, and on   May 17 surprising royal fans at London’s Paddington Station who came to see the unveiling of a brand new train terminal named in her honor. A celebratory bash will be held at Buckingham Palace come June 4, with a plethora of megastars set to perform, including Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, Rod Stewart, Elton John, Queen and Duran Duran.