New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with some exciting NBA clashes on display. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. The midweek blues may be getting to some of you, but there’s plenty of exciting sports action on display as we head into the weekend. The second round of the NBA playoffs are well underway, with just eight teams left in the hunt for the NBA Championship. Memphis Grizzlies tied their series 1-1 with the Golden State Warriors last night, after a Ja Morant masterclass. Tonight, the Miami Heat host the Philadelphia 76ers, as the no.1 seed in the East look to improve on their 1-0 lead. The Heat won by 14 points in game one, and are second favorites to lift the NBA title at the end of May. Phoenix Suns, the regular-season champs of the West, are also 1-0 up in their series with Dallas Mavericks, and take to the court tonight. After Liverpool was scared by Villarreal last night, Manchester City travels to the Bernabeu to face Real Madrid in the UEFA Champions League semi-finals. City won the first leg 4-3, perhaps one of the greatest games the European Cup has ever seen. If City can advance tonight, it will be their second successive Champions League final. Pep Guardiola will want to go one better than last year’s efforts, which saw Chelsea prevail 1-0. At 18-8, the Mets sit on top of the AL East, six wins clear of second place. Today they take on the Braves, with their four-game series poised at 2-1 to the Mets. New York Yankees are also enjoying the success of their own in the early days of the season, with 18 wins to their name. The Yanks won 9-1 against the Blue Jays yesterday, a real humbling for the Toronto side.  21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus. 