False alarm everyone. Odell Beckham Jr.’s tweet near the end of the 2022 NFL Draft that the Patriots were trading for Deebo Samuel was not true. Nor even close. Though Samuel and Beckham had been going back and forth on Twitter in recent days, Beckham took things to another level on Saturday when he tweeted that the star wideout was headed to New England. “Breakinnnngg NEWSSS @19problemz to the @Patriots WTFFFFFFFFFFFF,” Beckham wrote on Twitter. Such a blockbuster trade would have come out of nowhere and sent ripples through the league. The only problem was that it didn’t happen — and appears to have been a troll job by Beckham. A trio of NFL Network insiders — Tom Pelissero, Albert Breer and Ian Rapoport — all shot down the “report,” with Breer adding that the Patriots have less than $200,000 in cap space, making such a deal extremely unlikely. Samuel has a nearly $4.9 million cap hit for 2022, after which he’ll be an unrestricted free agent due a massive contract. “At this point bruh bored,” Samuel tweeted just a few minutes after Beckham gave everyone a heart attack. He might be the only one. After the draft came and went without the Niners moving Samuel, it’s unclear what’s next in the saga. The 26-year-old wants out of San Francisco, reportedly upset about his dual role as a receiver and a rusher, but whether the Niners are willing to cede to his demand could be another story. They may decide to keep him through this season and hope the situation resolves itself somehow. After seeing what the Chiefs got in the Tyreek Hill deal — five draft picks, including a 2022 first, second and fourth-round pick from Miami — the asking price for Samuel is presumably pretty high. If no one can meet it, then it may behoove 49ers GM John Lynch to hold onto his cards and hope somebody else folds. Beckham eventually apologized for throwing everyone into a tizzy. “To Twitter world ! I’m so sorrry  I love @19problemz and giving him hell problem causing more problems! I can’t help it ! Deeebo news gon break on its own,” Beckham wrote.