A Dollar Tree worker has pointed out a “mentally draining” customer request – but admitted they should have spotted warning signs before accepting the role. The unnamed employee posted to Reddit this week about their role at the discount store, explaining they have worked there for a month. They wrote: “This is one heck of a mentally draining job.” The worker pointed to “rude customers” telling them to open up a new register as one major complaint. Manager favoritism, getting called in last minute and working double shifts also make the job difficult, the store worker claims. But the Redditor says they “should’ve seen that getting hired on the spot without an interview was a red flag”. They added: “Although work sucks and is depressing rn I will always try my best to keep a good attitude and keep it professional towards customers, my coworkers, my managers, and everyone around me.” The Sun has contacted Dollar Tree for comment. We reported earlier this week on the Dollar Tree worker who revealed customers ask the same question about the cost of the store’s frozen products. Meanwhile, another employee, known only as Brenda, warned customers not to buy seafood or meat from Dollar Tree. She told Mental Floss: “I don’t eat any of the frozen fish or rib eyes because I don’t trust frozen seafood or meat that costs a dollar.” She recommended shoppers visit their local grocery store to buy frozen fish or meat. Dollar Tree offers a treasure trove of items customers can use on a daily basis. A study in 2020 showed that around 60 percent of Americans had shopped at a Dollar Tree in the past 12 months. But the “dollar stores” are facing stiff competition from the likes of Target, Walmart, Ikea, and Costco. GOBankingRates conducted a survey of 1,037 American adults in early April 2022 to find out exactly what shoppers were – or were not – buying at the bargain outlets. Food was the most common answer, polling 24 percent of the vote. Party supplies and home goods were also a popular choice with 17 percent and 15 percent, respectively. But, the survey revealed that kitchen appliances were among the least popular items. The Sun revealed that greeting cards and picture frames are among the best buys at dollar stores. This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.