A transgender woman who bragged about her light sentence on a kiddie-molestation rap has now been charged with murder in connection with a 2019 robbery, authorities said Tuesday. Hannah Tubbs, 26, hit the headlines in January when she pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old girl in the bathroom of a Palmdale, Calif., Denny’s in 2014 when she was 17. A judge in the case said he was compelled to sentence Tubbs to two years at a youth treatment facility because Los Angeles County District Attorney George Gascón declined to move the case out of the juvenile court where it originated. Now Tubbs has been hit with murder and robbery raps for another crime in Kern County, Calif. According to the criminal complaint obtained by The Post, Tubbs allegedly murdered Michael Clark on April 21, 2019. Tubbs appeared before Kern County Superior Court Judge David Zulfa on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to the second-degree murder and robbery charges. During Tuesday’s arraignment, Zulfa referred to Tubbs by her birth name, James. She was charged last week and is being held on $1 million bail. In Tubbs’ child molestation case, Gascón was forced to admit that her sentence was too lenient after she reportedly boasted about getting off easy and made ugly comments involving the underage victim while in custody. Critics also noted that Tubbs had a long rap sheet that should have triggered a stiffer sentence. Tubbs added to her father in a recorded call that she wouldn’t have to register as a sex offender because her case was staying in juvenile court. “Don’t worry about it,” Tubbs said “It’s a strike, but they’re gonna plead, I’m going to plead out to them and plead guilty.” Facing mounting criticism, Gascón, who is facing a recall vote, said he was troubled by Tubbs’ flippant attitude toward the case. “While for most people several years of jail time is adequate, it may not be for Ms. Tubbs,” he said. “If we knew about her disregard for the harm she caused, we would have handled this case differently.”