The Dallas Stars have played a near-flawless series against the Calgary Flames. Through three games, the Flames have scored three goals and now find themselves needing a road win on Monday night to avoid dropping into a 3-1 series deficit. Oddsmakers have installed the Flames as a -170 favorite to get the Game 4 victory, which is not too far off where this line closed for Saturday’s Game 3. And while it’s hard not to be impressed with what the Stars have accomplished thus far, it’s also fair to wonder if we’ve seen their ceiling and Calgary’s floor in this series. A best-of-7 series is a small sample, so of course Dallas can continue to edge the Flames and win Game 4 in a similar fashion to the way it won Games 2 and 3, but it’s also hard to imagine the Stars playing any better than they have over the 180 minutes we’ve seen in this matchup so far. Odds provided by BetMGM Spread: Flames -1.5 (+170) vs. Stars +1.5 (-200) Moneyline: Flames -155 vs. Stars +125 Total: Over 5.5 (+105) | Under 5.5 (-125) Through three games, the Stars and Flames have created the same amount of high-danger scoring chances at 5-on-5, which is a testament to the job Dallas is doing defensively. There’s nobody who would argue that the Stars are the more talented team, so they need to play a structured game and keep Calgary from getting opportunities in transition or off the rush. They’ve accomplished that feat so far, but at some point, you’d expect Darryl Sutter to make the adjustments necessary to help get his team going offensively. Even if Sutter does make the right adjustments, it won’t matter if Jake Oettinger continues to stand on his head in goal for Dallas. Oettinger has skated to a .969 save percentage and a +3.7 Goals Saved Above Expected through three games, making him the best goaltender through the first week of the postseason. While once again adding that a best-of-7 series is a small enough sample where it’s not out of the question for Oettinger to play at this level for the next few games, it is hard to imagine he keeps up this pace, especially if Calgary can extend this encounter to a Game 6. The Stars could certainly survive a minor drop in form from Oettinger, but it does make their situation that much more precarious. Dallas has received near-perfect goaltending from the 23-year-old to this point and even so, it’s not like the Stars have been able to get separation in any of their victories. At some point, Calgary should be able to find its game and allow its depth to shine through. It’s been a gargantuan effort from Dallas to get ahead in this series, but it’s hard to imagine the Stars playing any better. The Flames, meanwhile, have a lot of room to improve and have the coaching to get there. Flames vs. Stars bet: Calgary Flames -120 to win the series (DraftKings)