BALTIMORE — The Yankees ended a terrific road trip with a disappointing loss, as they blew a two-run lead, left the bases loaded in the ninth and saw Chad Green leave with an injury. Going for their fifth straight win, the Yankees were up by a pair on the lowly Orioles when their bullpen faltered and allowed three runs in the bottom of the sixth before Anthony Santander beat them in the ninth in a 9-6 Baltimore win at Camden Yards. After the Yankees tied the game in the top of the ninth, Lucas Luetge gave up a game-winning, three-run homer to Santander with one out in the bottom of the inning. Austin Hays reached on a throwing error by Josh Donaldson to start the inning, as DJ LeMahieu was unable to come up with the scoop. LeMahieu was at first because Anthony Rizzo was tossed in the eighth for arguing balls and strikes. Luetge struck out Ramon Urias before Trey Mancini singled to center. It was just the Yankees second loss in their last 11 games, as they fell to 28-10 on the season. Down by a run in the ninth, Isiah Kiner-Falefa started with a walk. Josh Donaldson, pinch hitting for Kyle Higashioka, struck out, but Kiner-Falefa stole second. Marwin Gonzalez struck out looking, but DJ LeMahieu singled to right to drive in Kiner-Falefa and tie the game. LeMahieu moved to second when the throw from Santander in right got away from Robinson Chirinos at the plate. Aaron Judge walked to bring up Joey Gallo, who replaced Rizzo in the eighth. Facing Felix Bautista, Gallo walked to load the bases for Giancarlo Stanton, who drilled a rocket, but it went straight to Cedric Mullins in center. The Yankees seemed primed for another win when Kiner-Falefa delivered a two-run single with two outs in the top of the sixth to snap a 3-3 tie. But Miguel Castro replaced Jordan Montgomery to start the bottom of the inning and immediately got into trouble. He walked Santander, and Jorge Mateo reached on a catcher’s interference by Higashioka. Tyler Nevin singled to center to score Santander and cut the Yankees’ lead to one. Green replaced Castro with runners on the corners and no one out and fanned Robinson Chirinos. But Mullins, pinch hitting for Ryan McKenna, tied the game with a sacrifice fly to deep center. Another pinch hitter, Rougned Odor, followed with a hit to drive in Nevin and give Baltimore a 6-5 lead. Facing Austin Hays, Green was removed with right forearm discomfort, according to the Yankees. The loss came after the Yankees finally provided Jordan Montgomery with some run support. Given a rare, early lead on Giancarlo’s two-run single off the left-field wall in the first, Montgomery gave up a two-out single to Mancini followed by a bloop double by Santander, but he got Jorge Mateo swinging to end the threat. But after a leadoff single by Nevin in the second, Montgomery gave up a two-run shot to Chirinos, just clearing the fence in left where it slants down. It was Chirinos’ first homer of the season. And while Montgomery has allowed just four homers on the year, he’s given up one in each of his last three starts. The lefty was then the victim of some soft contact in the third. Santander ripped a two-out double to center and scored on Mateo’s flare single to center to give Baltimore a 3-2 lead. Stanton tied the game again in the fourth, hitting another ball hard to left — but this one was down the line and reached the seats for his 11th homer of the season.