Former “19 Kids and Counting” star Josh Duggar was sentenced to 151 months, or 12 years and seven months, in prison Wednesday for receiving and possessing child porn. One of the disgraced reality star’s previous charges was dismissed without prejudice, as Judge Timothy Brooks of the Western District of Arkansas ruled that Duggar did not “knowingly distribute” pornography, according to sentencing documents obtained by ET. Duggar, 34, had “no reaction” while learning his fate. Duggar’s wife, Anna, and dad, Jim Bob, also did not have a visible reaction, the Sun reported. He will either serve his time at a prison in Seagoville, Texas, or at a facility in Texarkana, Arkansas. Brooks recommended Seagoville because it has a “good” sex offender program — but his placement will ultimately depend on bed space. Meanwhile, Duggar could have been sentenced to up to 20 years and fines up to $250,000 per count. Already a convicted sex offender, his legal team asked that he only spend five years in the slammer. The initial 30-page defense filing states that Duggar sought a sentence that is “sufficient, but not greater than necessary,” and goes on to claim he’s “lived an admirable life while navigating unique challenges associated with being in the public spotlight since childhood.” Prosecutors argued in the pre-sentencing filing that Duggar has a “deep-seated, pervasive and violent sexual interest in children.” In all, his legal team had more than 20 objections to the report at the sentencing hearing. Duggar was arrested in April 2021 after a Little Rock, Arkansas, detective discovered child porn files were being shared by a computer traced back to him. Investigators testified that Duggar downloaded the images, some including toddlers, onto a computer at a car dealership he owned in 2019. TLC canceled the family’s show in 2015 following allegations that the oldest Duggar boy molested four of his sisters and a baby-sitter years earlier. He publicly apologized for his actions. He later apologized again for cheating on his wife and admitted to a pornography addiction months later. He completed a stint in rehab for addiction. Duggar and Anna have seven kids of their own: Mackynzie, 12, Michael, 10, Marcus, 8, Meredith, 6, Mason, 4, Maryella, 2, and Madyson, 6 months. Authorities became aware of his alleged abuse in 2006 after a tip from a Duggar family friend but concluded that the statute of limitations on any possible charges had expired. Duggar’s parents, Jim Bob and Michelle, said their son admitted to his wrongdoings, but when the allegations resurfaced in 2015, he was forced to face them again. He again apologized publicly for unspecified behavior and resigned as a lobbyist for the conservative Christian group Family Research Council. In a letter to the court dated March 7, Anna pleaded for the court’s mercy on her husband so she “consider reuniting us as a family again soon.” Anna continued, “Joshua has worked hard to provide for me and our (now) seven children. But the happiest part of the day by far is when Daddy comes home from work … Joshua is an engaged dad who gladly throws a football with his sons, listens to our daughters play a new song they have learned on the piano, helps answer homework questions, or lends a hand sweeping up spilled crackers. He is a kind, loving, supportive, and caring father and husband — his primary focus in life.” Alas, in the end, the jury sided with the prosecution, convicting Duggar on both counts. The prosecution released a statement to  Fox News Digital, saying they were “very pleased” with the verdict, which they called a “significant milestone” that proves “no person is above the law no matter their status or fame.” Duggar’s attorney Justin Gilfand said that “we plan to appeal at the appropriate time.”