Mayor Adams’ Met Gala outfit was not a good look for the mayor of a city suffering a major spike in violent crime (“This is a fashion coup de ‘Gracie,’ ” May 3). He successfully won the nomination and subsequent election by separating himself from the rest of the progressive Democrats, promising to be tough on crime, and he has yet to deliver. A tacky suit paying homage to Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s insincere 2021 “Tax the Rich” gown undermines the seriousness of the crime problem. New York City needs anti-crime actions, not an anti-­gun sandwich sign. Richard J. Carhidi Manhattan Adams looked as ridiculous as AOC trying to make a statement with his fashion. New York state has some of the toughest gun laws in the country, and the biggest hypocrites running the state and city. The blood is on the hands of these so-called leaders. They do nothing except talk. Gang members and criminals don’t have registered guns. They don’t follow gun laws. James Pappas Manhattan What was our clueless mayor thinking by appearing at an event that’s a poster child for income inequality? Most New Yorkers can’t afford a $35,000 ticket to watch a perp walk of one-percenters wallow in their Instagram glory. He wore a tone-deaf tuxedo that recalled AOC’s “Tax the Rich” gown at the Met Gala last year. Adams vowed to reduce poverty, but seems to prefer glitz over grittiness. He’s previously dined with model Naomi Campbell at the private Zero Bond Club, eaten with disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo at a pricey French eatery and attended a lavish cryptocurrency conference in Miami. If he wants us to take him seriously, our mayor must decide if he wants to be the next Fiorello La Guardia or Bill de Blasio 2.0. Right now, we have a confusing tale of two mayors. Richard Reif Queens Adams attended this year’s Met Gala as a cartoon caricature of a politician, literally wearing his talking points on his back. Instead of using gun violence as a fashion statement, perhaps Adams could better serve New Yorkers by actually getting guns off the streets. Mayor Rudy Giuliani proved it can be done with only the political will to allow the police to do their job. Jack Kaufman Naples, Fla. Adams, it’s time to stop all the lip service. Since taking office, you have talked a good game, but crime is running rampant. You can order all the police in the world to work night shifts, day shifts and evening shifts, but until these ridiculous bail-reform laws are reversed, crime will rise. It doesn’t make sense to have the police arrest these criminals just to have them released 12 hours later. These criminals have been emboldened by the left-wing bail reform agenda. We are living in an unsafe city and country. Stop the lip service and do your job. People are dying, and it needs to stop. Gene O’Brien Whitestone So Adams, who is turning out to be unqualified for the job, pulls an AOC and wears a tux with writing about illegal guns at a party. He seems to go to many of them. This guy doesn’t give a damn about this city. He has no plan whatsoever. It’s amazing how these guys keep getting into office and do nothing. He is inept and incapable. What a disgrace. Good luck, New York. You don’t have a prayer. Steven DelGaudio Edgewater, NJ New York does not need a flamboyant mayor who makes a statement against gun violence by wearing an outfit suited for a rock-and-roll star. It’s been almost five months and the city’s crime rate is still a serious problem. This pattern of showmanship without concrete results has characterized this mayor’s tenure. It’s not the fluff that counts, it’s the facts, and the facts do not show any cause for celebration or walking advertisements. Jackie Biaggi The Bronx Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.