Only nine games fill out Monday evening’s MLB slate, but experienced bettors are noticing opportunities on the board. All the information about to be presented is drawn from the Action Network PRO Report, which provides betting percentages and five “signals” — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge and expert picks — that help distinguish certain plays. Today’s report has identified three sides and one total that trigger a majority of the above signals. With that said, let’s dive into the recommendations. The Tigers will host the A’s for a five-game series beginning today and bettors are gravitating toward the visiting A’s. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on the Athletics, which opened as +117 consensus underdogs to the Tigers, but has since seen its price tick down to +110. Additionally, big money bettors are backing the A’s in spades. At this writing, it has received 55 percent of all moneyline bets against 72 percent of the total handle. Finally, one top MLB betting expert from The Action Network is supporting the A’s tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Oakland A’s Moneyline (+108) — (FanDuel)  Two early American League contenders launch a three-game series Monday and bettors are choosing to back the visiting Rays. It is worth noting that big money has come in heavy on the Angels, which has seen 76 percent of all moneyline bets and 85 percent of the total handle, but three of the remaining four signals trigger the Rays. We’ve seen sharp action come in on Tampa Bay, which opened as +100 underdogs but now have a top price of +120. Additionally, one Action Network PRO system goes in favor of the Rays as well. The “Contrarian Betting Against Good Teams” system – which looks to go against good teams on a minor losing streak – only has a 41 percent historical win rate but a 10 percent return on investment. Lastly, two of Action Network’s top MLB experts are supporting the Rays to round out the three signals in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Tampa Bay Rays Moneyline (+120) — BetMGM This game actually triggers both a side and total and it may not be what you’d expect. In terms of the side, a majority of signals are actually going to the underdog Pirates. We’ve seen both sharp action and big money (eight percent of all bets, 25 percent of handle) come in on Pittsburgh, which did drop two of three over the weekend to the league-worst Reds. Additionally, one top MLB expert from The Action Network is backing the Pirates, which will send Jose Quintana to the mound Monday. As for the total, action has come in on the under. We’ve noticed sharp action on that side of the total, which has held steady at 7.5 runs. Additionally, big money is supporting the under in a big way tonight. At this writing, that side has seen only 49 percent of all bets, but 84 percent of the total handle. Finally, one Action Network PRO system — Weather: Wind Blowing in — triggers this game tonight. That system has a 55 percent historical win rate and a seven percent return on investment. Just in the last four recommendations, the system is 3-1. PRO Report Picks: Pittsburgh Pirates Moneyline (+215) & Under 7.5 Runs (-106) — (Caesars Sportsbook)