Say it with flowers this Mother’s Day — specifically, a gilded bouquet that will blossom on her finger all year long. Its eight staggered stems (five with ruby centers; three with emerald) bloom from petals of yellow and rose gold that have been carefully polished to a mirrored finish, all the better to reflect her inner light. The ring is part of Van Cleef & Arpels’ latest Frivole collection of seven delicate jewels, including bracelets, pendants and earrings. They unfurl with vivid rubies and, for the first time, sparkling emeralds, arranged in miniature motifs set with shimmering gold. Gemologists for the house scrutinized the precious stones undernatural light to better discern their truest hues. The reds of the rubies span from orange to pink, while the emeralds embody an intense, deep green, as though they were plucked from a verdant forest. This garden theme has (ahem) deep roots for the storied jewelry maison. The brand’s first floral creation debuted in 1907 as a sunny daisy clip. And it’s continued to cultivate petaled pieces throughout its 116-year history. Taking shape as peonies, cosmos, cherry blossoms, buttercups and lotuses — crafted separately or as part of a gathered spray — the baubles are meant to evoke the motion and wildness of spring growth. “Van Cleef & Arpels has been inspired by the grace of flowers since its very beginning,” says Nicolas Bos, the brand’s president and CEO, who notes that the eternal blooms make perennial gifting favorites. “Frivole novelties reflect the maison’s fascination [with] a nature in movement, full of vitality.” Indeed, the French house has been dreaming up bouquet-themed novelties since its earliest days, sprinkling floral arrangements with colored gemstones and diamonds often nestled among glimmering leaves, which have been finished with mirror polishing. That traditional metalworking technique has been practiced for more than a century by Van Cleef & Arpels craftsmen. Their skill is evident while gazing at the Frivole ring’s yellow- and rose-gold petals, each polished by hand to a sparkling sheen meant to evoke sunbeams dancing through a garden. Darling buds, indeed.