It’s graduation season! If one of your loved ones will be donning a cap and gown this spring or summer, make sure they feel loved and special with a standout grad gift after their ceremony. Check out these unique options they’ll actually use, all on sale for up to 75% off. Does that graduate in your life have big travel plans ahead? Make sure their teeth stay pearly white for all the photos of their awesome adventures with the AquaSonic Black Series Toothbrush, a top-rated electric toothbrush (no, seriously, it’s an Amazon’s Choice with 4.6 stars) that comes with a travel case. Got an aspiring YouTuber or Influencer in your life? If your graduate has aspirations of making picture-perfect content, the U-STREAM Home Streaming Studio with 10″ Ring Light & Tripod gives them everything they need to film in style, with ring light, a remote control, and a tripod. Save your grad heaps of money at the salon with the IPL Laser Hair Removal Handset. This sleek device can save them thousands, working to stop hair growth in its tracks and typically showing results after just 3 to 4 treatments. It works on many skin types and even is okay for sensitive skin. The athletic grad in your life will love the Tech-Inflate Digital Air Pump. It does away with manual pumping for good, letting you inflate a ball hands-free. It can blow up over 30 balls on just one charge, and is lightweight and portable enough to fit in any bag and take anywhere. A smartwatch… but make it old school! That’s the LIGE Luxury Waterproof Bluetooth Men’s Smart Watch, which embraces a mechanical watch design but has all the functions of a smartwatch. It tracks important health data and is compatible with most smartphones so they can multitask while looking sharp. Golfers will be delighted to receive the TruGolf Mini Golf Simulator, an easy way to improve a golf swing that helps golfers of all skill levels improve their game. It lets you play golf anywhere on a 3D rendered version of 97 world-famous golf courses. Everybody’s gotta eat! Help your grad save money on groceries for an entire year — and get a $10 gift card right off the bat — with this one year Sam’s Club Membership. It lets them save money while shopping for the essentials for twelve months straight. Whether they’re headed off to college or about to enter the real world, one thing a grad definitely has is stress. Let them give themselves a deep-tissue massage with the Restore-32 Massage Gun, equipped with 32 variable speeds for ultimate customization. Chances are the grad in your life is a big fan of AirPods. Help them keep them in tip-top shape with the AirPods Cleaning Pen. This handy device has a 3-in-1 design that helps your dear graduate clean stains or dirt on the headphones, the soundholes, and case. Make sure your graduate is heading into the real world prepared for everything the world will throw at them… like dirty floors. The Jashen F16 Wet & Dry 2-in-1 Cordless Vacuum Mop offers 30 minutes of operational time to ensure their space is as neat and tidy as mom and dad would like it! Get your grad ready to take on the world with fabulous hair! The Wave Away Triple Barrel Curler with Tourmaline Ceramic Barrels gives their tresses bombshell beach waves in seconds. An LED display gives them a precise temperature reading and the stylish design looks good on any countertop. Help your favorite college grad smell good for their first job interview! Give them a month’s supply of Designer Fragrance from ScentBox, which lets them find their new signature fragrance to tackle the real world by supplying monthly fragrances shipped right to their door. Prices subject to change.