New York City’s soaring crime rate is no laughing matter — but John Mulaney is quick to quip about Mayor Eric Adams’ questionable crackdown on illegal behavior. The comedian took to the stage at the Robin Hood benefit on Monday night, skewering Adams after the politician defended the arrest of a woman selling mangoes in a Brooklyn subway station. Mulaney blasted Adams — who was sitting in the audience at the swanky event — for targeting low-level offenses, while major crimes, such as felony assault and burglaries, continue to surge. Earlier on Monday, Adams said the NYPD was right to cuff and search the female mango seller because street vending could lead to more nefarious offenses. “You just can’t do that,” Adams stated at a press conference. “Next day, it’s propane tanks being used on the subway system. The next day, it’s barbecuing on the subway system.” Mulaney ripped that logic at the Robin Hood gala, with his remarks caught on camera in a video posted to Instagram by television and radio personality Bevy Smith. “Mayor Adams, what are you talking about?” Mulaney asked from the stage in an exasperated manner. “What is a subway barbecue, and why do you hate them so much?” The “Saturday Night Live” alum continued: “Mayor Adams always addresses two problems and then a crazy one.” He subsequently spoofed Adams’ plans to crackdown on crime by parodying the mayor’s proposals. “No guns, no crime, no barbecues on the subway!” Mulaney mocked. “Better schools, better transportation, no more volleyball games on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway!” Smith, a former co-host of “Page Six TV,” praised the comedian for calling out the politician. “He [Mayor Adams] is ridiculous & a villian [sic], which is why I throughly [sic] enjoyed John Mulaney taking him over the coals & the propane heater for his idiotic logic & outright lies!” she captioned her video. Adams — who is a former cop — touted his tough-on-crime credentials before he was elected late last year. However, major crimes have continued to soar, and he has been roundly criticized for his failure to adequately address the crisis. Last week, former mayor Rudy Giuliani told The Post that Adams “hasn’t done a damn thing” to make the city safer. “So far, he’s the biggest failure of a new mayor in America. He’s the worst failure of any new first-year mayor in New York City in my lifetime,” Giuliani raged. Instead, Adams has earned a reputation as a socialite, attending the Met Gala last week and partying with Cara Delevingne. The party-loving pol recently attracted ire for jetting to Los Angeles after failing to make headway on his city’s spiraling crime crisis.