We all strive to make our living spaces clutter-free and inviting for guests – and now an organizing pro has shared the simple nine steps to make that dream a reality. Caroline, a self-confessed “pro-organizer” who lives in New York, provides handy home tips for her followers on her TikTok account @neat.caroline. The cleanfluencer’s latest post, which has already attracted over 3000 likes and counting, has some of her best and most useful yet, as she reveals several ways you can transform your space in mere minutes. In the short but useful clip, Caroline tells her 150,000 followers: “Here’s some ways to reduce visual clutter.” She then continues to reel off the effortless tasks that will make a world of difference around the home – from packing away unused kitchen utensils to hiding bins from prying eyes. First, Caroline suggests to her followers that they remove the stickers from their bananas as it instantly provides a cleaner look to the fruit bowl. She uses a similar technique when it comes to labels and “loud packaging” on products – telling everyone to take them off too, as well as storing hand wash and washing up liquid in simple clear glass bottles. Next, Caroline encourages her followers to “place labels underneath your containers” so that visitors don’t see where you store your sugar and tea bags, but you’ll still know exactly where they are. Her next two tips make the most of clearing away worktops and cupboard space and giving your home an altogether fresher feel. Caroline says it’s important to “keep less frequently used utensils in a nearby drawer,” while cables and cords should be “tucked away in a cable and cord organizer.” While your own rubbish should be kept in a pull-out style bin so that it is out of sight and out of mind. Finally, Caroline offers up her ninth tip, which is to “place labels facing the wall” so that they are, once again, not visible. And it seems the nine rules have been an instant hit with the TikTok star’s fans, as they rushed to tell Caroline that they “loved” her simple but effective ideas. One of her followers wrote: “It seems silly at first but all of that really does make things feel more cluttered.” Another was in agreement, as they added: “Putting things in glass bottles also makes them look nicer! And if you refill then you can cut down on trash!!” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.