Memorial Day inspires mixed emotions: pride in the valor of those who gave their lives in the cause of freedom; sorrow that such self-sacrifice should have been necessary. Pride in past valor may be best expressed in the St. Crispin’s Day speech from “Henry V” (Act IV, Scene iii), delivered by the young king on the eve of the Battle of Agincourt. By William Shakespeare (1564-1616) If we are mark’d to die, we are enow    To do our country loss; and if to live    The fewer men, the greater share of honour.    God’s will! I pray thee, wish not one man more. By Jove, I am not covetous for gold,    Nor care I who doth feed upon my cost;    It yearns me not if men my garments wear;    Such outward things dwell not in my desires: But if it be a sin to covet honour,    I am the most offending soul alive.    No, faith, my coz, wish not a man from England:    God’s peace! I would not lose so great an honour As one man more, methinks, would share from me    For the best hope I have. O, do not wish one more!    Rather proclaim it, Westmoreland, through my host,    That he which hath no stomach to this fight, Let him depart; his passport shall be made    And crowns for convoy put into his purse:    We would not die in that man’s company    That fears his fellowship to die with us. This day is call’d the feast of Crispian:    He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,    Will stand a tip-toe when this day is named,    And rouse him at the name of Crispian. He that shall live this day, and see old age,    Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbors,    And say ‘Tomorrow is Saint Crispian:’    Then he will strip his sleeve and show his scars, And say ‘These wounds I had on Crispin’s day.’    Old men forget: yet all shall be forgot,    But he’ll remember with advantages    What feats he did that day: then shall our names Familiar in his mouth as household words:    Harry the king, Bedford and Exeter,    Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester,    Be in their flowing cups freshly remember’d, This story shall the good man teach his son;    And Crispin Crispian shall ne’er go by,    From this day to the ending of the world,    But we in it shall be remembered; We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;    For he to-day that sheds his blood with me    Shall be my brother; be he ne’er so vile,    This day shall gentle his condition: And gentlemen in England now abed    Shall think themselves accursed they were not here,    And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks    That fought with us upon Saint Crispin’s day. The English at Agincourt lost about 700 men; the French dead totaled at least 8,000, including seven princes of the blood and the flower of French chivalry.