RALEIGH, N.C. — At this point, the Rangers are used to it. In both series this postseason, the Rangers have watched as several reviews have gone in their opponents’ favor — and rightfully so, aside from Kaapo Kakko’s goalie interference call in Game 1 against the Penguins that could’ve gone either way. The latest came in the Rangers’ 3-1 loss in Game 5 of their second-round series against the Hurricanes on Thursday night at PNC Arena, a defeat which sends the club back to New York facing elimination for a fourth time this postseason. With the game tied 1-1 early in the second period, Ryan Strome turned around in the left faceoff circle and put the puck past Carolina goalie Antti Raanta. Carolina quickly challenged for offside and the goal was overturned following a short review. “I didn’t know it until I got back to the bench,” said Strome, who led the Rangers with four shots on goal. “Obviously, things happen quick out there. Unfortunate, but that’s the way the game is, a rule is a rule. Unfortunately, they got the power-play goal after that, but that’s how close these games are, right? “Unfortunate, but we’ve been in this position before and I like our chances on home ice. It’s been a pretty good hockey series and we played good hockey. We’re familiar with the situation, got a chance at home to push it to seven and that’s the only thing we’re really worried about.” The Rangers have seen their fair share of goals overturned and goals against ultimately count after going under review through 12 games this postseason. While they’ve been able to get through it mentally in the past, this one was particularly deflating. After Strome’s goal was taken away, Frank Vatrano was called for hooking to send the Hurricanes on the power play, which they capitalized on with a goal from Teuvo Teravainen. “Honestly, I think we’ve done a good job of that in the playoffs,” Strome said. “I know it’s never something you want to do, but it feels like every review has gone against us. So we’ve had to get used to it a little bit. It definitely sucks, but that’s the way it goes. It’s a rule, it’s cut and dry. So I mean, it happens.” The Rangers rolled with the same lineup as Game 4 to start Game 5, but Gerard Gallant made some adjustments at the start of the third period to try and get his team going offensively. The Rangers head coach bumped Filip Chytil up to the right wing of the top line, like he did for most of Game 3 at the Garden. Alexis Lafreniere was also moved to the wing of Strome and Artemi Panarin, who also saw 1:48 on the top line with Mika Zibanejad and Chris Kreider. Carolina forward Jordan Martinook, who last played in Game 3 of the Hurricanes’ first-round series against the Bruins, made his series debut in Game 5 against the Rangers on Thursday night. In replacing Steven Lorentz, Martinook lined up on the right wing of the Hurricanes’ fourth line and recorded two hits in 7:54 of ice time.