TORONTO — No one said it would be easy. The Yankees had won 11 straight games in just about every way imaginable and had beaten the Blue Jays at the Rogers Centre in the first two games of this series, so it was possible to forget the questions that surrounded the team just a couple of weeks ago. But the Blue Jays sent a reminder that they likely won’t be going away in the AL East, as a ninth-inning threat by the Yankees fell short in a 2-1 loss Wednesday night at Rogers Centre. The loss left the Yankees 2 ½ games ahead of Toronto heading into their day off Thursday, with the Rangers coming to The Bronx on Friday. This one had the feel of two teams that will be in it for the long run. Yusei Kikuchi was the second straight Toronto starter to hold down the Yankees’ lineup after Alek Manoah did it Tuesday. Nestor Cortes battled control issues for the Yankees, but he allowed just two runs and Michael King pitched three no-hit innings of relief. Manager Aaron Boone clearly felt the importance of the game for his Yankees. Boone was tossed for arguing a called strike to Aaron Judge in the top of the eighth by home-plate umpire Marty Foster, which led to a fiery argument between the two. Afterward, Boone said he was displeased with a few of Foster’s calls on Judge. One pitch, in particular, in a key spot with Judge at the plate in the sixth inning seemed low, but was called a strike. “I appreciate it,’’ Judge said. “I voiced my opinion to Marty to let him know what I thought of the calls. That’s all I can do. That’s why I’ve got a manager to stick up for me. … He stood up for me.” Boone said he didn’t think his anger would result in a suspension. Foster and crew chief Ron Kulpa declined comment after the game. Still, the Yankees understood they couldn’t completely point the finger at the umpires, as they managed just five hits — including a homer by Joey Gallo for their only run. They had scored five or more runs in eight of their previous 10 games. The Yankees tried to rally against Jordan Romano in the ninth inning. Giancarlo Stanton singled with one out and was replaced by pinch-runner Tim Locastro. Josh Donaldon singled to left to send Locastro to second. After Aaron Hicks struck out, Gallo walked to load the bases for Isiah Kiner-Falefa. Kiner-Falefa, however, grounded to Matt Chapman at third, who made a low throw that was scooped by Vladimir Guerrero Jr. to end it. The defeat was just the second in the Yankees’ last 15 games. Cortes had his worst start of the year in his shortest outing, but only gave up two runs. He walked a season-high four batters — after walking a total of three in his previous four starts. Cortes also gave up four hits and needed 83 pitches to get through four innings. Chapman gave Toronto the lead with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the second inning, a 420-foot blast to center. The Yankees answered in the top of the third, when Gallo — in his first game back from left-groin tightness — opened the inning with an opposite-field homer to left-center. But Cortes put the Yankees in another hole in the bottom of the inning. After he struck out Bradley Zimmer and George Springer, Cortes gave up a double to right to Bo Bichette. Guerrero followed with a base hit to center to score Bichette and make it 2-1. King was superb again, tossing three perfect innings in relief of Cortes. Unlike on Tuesday, when the Yankees feasted on the Blue Jays’ bullpen, Toronto’s relievers were up to the task this time. The Yankees stranded two runners in the seventh inning, then sputtered in the ninth, to the surprise of everyone — including Cortes. “With our offense, we always have a shot,’’ the lefty said. “Winning 11 in a row is no small task,’’ Donaldson said. “It doesn’t matter who you’re playing, but that’s a really good ball club. … We’re one hit away there at the end from tying it — or going ahead. I like our chances.”