One of the young victims of the Texas school massacre bled to death while waiting for nearly an hour for police to come to the rescue — possibly dying because of the delay, a first-responder allegedly told her mom. Texas State Sen. Roland Gutierrez said on CNN’s “State of the Union” that the girl’s heartbroken mother recalled to him how the worker told her the child might have lived if cops hadn’t been slow to move in on the killer. “Her child had been shot by one bullet through the back, through the kidney area,” Gutierrez told the outlet. “The first responder that they eventually talked to said that their child likely bled out. “In that span of 30 or 40 minutes extra, that little girl might have lived,” the Democratic lawmaker said. “So absolutely these mistakes may have led to the passing away of these children as well.” Police in Uvalde, Texas, have increasingly come under criticism for their handling of Tuesday’s massacre, which left 19 fourth-graders and two teachers dead and 17 others wounded, police said. Police did not breach Robb Elementary School for more than 90 minutes after arriving at the campus, where the deranged 18-year-old gunman, Salvador Ramos, fatally shot his innocent victims with an AR-15 assault rifle. Ramos was eventually shot dead when police did finally enter the adjoining classrooms where he had launched his slaughter. Several students even pleaded with police to come to their aid — as officers remain deployed outside, out of harm’s way — before they were killed. Among those facing scrutiny for the delay is Uvalde School District Police Chief Pete Arredondo, who allegedly made the call to hold cops back when the shooting started. On Sunday, police were guarding the chief’s house and keeping reporters away. “Pete Arredondo is a coward,” snapped neighbor Lydia Torres. “He didn’t do his job. He failed the children.” Questions have also arisen as to whether Arredondo even had a police radio with him when he made the fateful decision outside the school. The Texas Rangers are leading the investigation into the mass shooting and have yet to announce a motive for the bloodbath. Some people have suggested Ramos was upset over not graduating from high school  and wanted to gun down his classmates when they visited the elementary school — an annual tradition in the small Texas town. That visit came Monday, one day before he carried out the massacre.