And that’s how you do a cliffhanger. “Better Call Saul” fans watching the shocking mid-season finale, “Plan and Execution,” were aghast at a violent, white-knuckle climax in Monday night’s episode. However, unlike other rabid fan bases known to tweet or purposely shout spoilers, followers of the Bob Odenkirk-led show were simply left speechless. After the seventh episode of Season 6 aired, viewers took to Twitter only to express their disbelief over the life-or-death bombshell revealed in the show, a moment that will certainly alter the path of the final season’s second half. “And I’m supposed to go to BED after that?!?!?!?!!??! I feel like i need therapy,” wrote one shocked fan of the horrifying final scene, while another lamented having to wait six weeks for the “Breaking Bad” prequel to resume in July. Some fans even suggested that “Better Call Saul” cemented its place in TV history — next to “Breaking Bad,” of course. (BTW: “BB” stars Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul are set to make appearances in the final episodes of Season 6.) “No spoilers, but this moment in #BetterCallSaul tonight rivals anything in Breaking Bad. This show is truly next level,” they wrote. “I feel like I just witnessed one of the greatest episodes of a show in TV history,” added another. “Imagine writing a prequel to one of the most popular tv series of all time — where every major character’s fate is common knowledge — and still leaving the audience speechless,” chimed in yet another satisfied fan. One startled viewer joked that she now sees why 59-year-old Odenkirk, who plays the titular character, suffered from a heart attack in July 2021 while filming. “I fully understand why Bob Odenkirk had a heart attack filming this season. Christ,” she wrote. The actor promised ahead of Monday night’s episode that jaws would drop, too. “Tonight…I promise you FIREWORKS, the jaw-dropping kind…on #BetterCallSaul,” he tweeted. Odenkirk wasn’t the only one who promised shock and awe, either. “I bet there’ll be a lot of people screaming at the television,” Patrick Fabian, who plays Saul’s frenemy and nemesis Howard Hamlin, told Vanity Fair. If there’s any screaming, it might be from fans waiting to see how the cliffhanger is resolved when the show resumes on July 11 on AMC for its final season. “My heart can’t handle all of these emotions,” wrote a fan. “What a phenomenal episode, and a masterful way to end the first half of the season. Can’t wait for July!” As for what’s to come, showrunner Peter Gould told Entertainment Weekly the other shoe will indeed drop. “A lot of this story is the story of unintended consequences,” he laughed. “The consequences are just beginning, let’s put it that way.