Mother’s Day has arrived – and whether you’re spending quality time with your own family or just relaxing at home, there are a slew of specials, TV episodes, and streaming movies that are a perfect way to celebrate. Here’s your essential guide to what to watch on the Big Day. In this 1993 modern classic, Daniel (Robin Williams) a loving dad and scatterbrained husband, gets divorced from his wife, Miranda (Sally Field). In order to spend more time with his children, he dons an elaborate disguise as older British nanny “Mrs. Doutfire” and takes his colorful new persona into their household, where chaos ensues. Where to watch it: 10 a.m.  on Freeform There’s a new animated Peanuts special for Mother’s day, following Charlie Brown, Snoopy, and the gang. While the gang celebrates, Peppermint Patty feels left out, since she doesn’t have a mom, before her friends help her realize that family comes in different forms. Snoopy and his trusty feathered friend Woodstock also go on an adventure in search of Woodstock’s mom. Where to watch it: AppleTV+ In this new reality series, comedian Nikki Glaser leaves her LA life behind to return to her hometown of St. Louis. In Sunday’s episode “Baby Fever,” Nikki plans a baby shower for her pregnant sister and also starts thinking about what her own idea of motherhood might look like. Where to watch it: 10 p.m. on E! This 2003 remake of the 1976 movie stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan as a mother and daughter who swap bodies after sharing a mysterious fortune cookie. Curtis is a standout, elevating the movie with her comedic performance of a surly rock’n’roll teenager who’s disgruntled to find herself in Curtis’s body. Where to watch it: Disney+ This groundbreaking 1993 movie based on the novel by Amy Tan follows four Chinese women who are immigrants in San Francisco as they meet and play mahjong and grapple with their relationships, generational divides, and culture clashes with their daughters. Where to watch it: Peacock This 2007 film follows overbearing mom Daphne (Diane Keaton) as she tries to meddle in her daughter Milly’s (Mandy Moore) love life and wreaks havoc. Where to watch it: Starz (on demand) Technically this movie is about preparing to become a mom – and a dad – but it still fits the bill. After ambitious reporter Alison (Katherine Heigl) has a one-night stand with slacker Ben (Seth Rogen) that results in an unplanned pregnancy, the two must figure out their differences so that they’ll be able to co-parent. Where to watch it: 12 p.m. on TBS This day-long marathon features curated episodes with themes involving becoming a mother, and moms and grandmothers. Spotlighted shows include “Burns and Allen”, “The Partridge Family”, “One Day at a Time”, “The Jeffersons” and “Alice.” Where to Watch it: starting at 8 a.m. on Antenna TV Based on the 2015 novel of the same name, this movie follows Willowdean Dickonson (Danielle Macdonald) who has a difficult relationship with her former beauty queen mother, Rosie (Jennifer Aniston), which comes to a head when Willowdean enters a local pageant. Where to watch: Netflix