CHICAGO — Dyson Daniels, the intriguing 6-foot-8 Australian prospect from the G-League Ignite, considers himself more a point guard but also views himself more a defensive player. Which is why the Knicks seem extremely interested, interviewing the 19-year-old Daniels on Wednesday at the league’s combine. The Knicks need a point guard after the Kemba Walker/Derrick Rose failure. And they need more of a defensive presence. “It’s always been my strength, playing 1 through 4 on defense,’’ Daniels said Thursday. “A lot of teams now have two, three defenders on the floor at all times — looking at Boston in the playoffs and Miami as well. But I’m a two-way player, able to play on both sides of the ball.’’ Though he’s from a rural town in Australia, where his father played pro ball after graduating from N.C. State, Daniels is eager to test the big city. He turned down offers from Houston, Colorado and N.C. State to play for the G-League Ignite. “I’m definitely looking at [the Knicks],’’ Daniels said. “It’s definitely a possibility. It’s too early to say on anything like that. “There’s a lot of people in that room. I talked to everyone about their experience and what it would be like. They asked me questions. I asked them questions. Obviously New York is a tough place to play in and it’s a big place but I’d be ready for whatever team I’d play on.’’ Daniels needs to work on his 3-point shot (30 percent in the G-League) but is considered a playmaking guard whose ballhandling improved as the season carried on. “It’s a tough one for me because I have such a unique game,’’ Daniels said of his NBA comparison. “I have a very good offensive game but I’m a good defender. On the offensive end I play a little like Tyrese Haliburton, someone in control. I feel on the defensive end I’m like Lonzo Ball and Alex Caruso, people like that. I feel I have the frame once the game slows down for me I hope to develop into a Luka Doncic-type role.’’ Well, Doncic might be a stretch, but there is intrigue. Still, Daniels figures he could be there at 11 when the Knicks select. “I’m a big point guard at 6-7,’’ Daniels said. “It’s not hard to see over smaller defenders. If I get a smaller defender on me, I’m able to go down to the post and play down there. I’ve always been a point guard growing up. I had a growth spurt the last two years. I had the skills of a point guard. With the height, it’s an advantage in the NBA.’’ Former St. John’s star Julian Champagnie said he had to cancel a workout with the Nets last week because he got COVID-19 and was quarantining in Atlanta. Champagnie, a Brooklyn native, had just worked out for the Hawks. He considers himself a late first-round/second-round pick.