Dog the Bounty Hunter has weighed in on the search for an Alabama murder suspect and a rogue guard — offering advice on how to nab the duo, who have no “experience with running.” “When you have a criminal like that and a police officer on the run, neither one have experience with running,” the reality TV star said Thursday on “NewsNation Special Coverage.” Casey White, an inmate with an affiliation with a white supremacist prison gang, and Vicky White, the former assistant director of corrections for Lauderdale County, have been on the lam since April 29. Dog, 69, whose real name is Duane Chapman, recommended scouring Airbnbs and other rental properties in a 3,000-mile radius to find out who has made long-term bookings.“They probably rented an Airbnb for maybe 90 days because she’ll know, being a police officer, you have to go under right now,” he told the outlet. “Things are going to calm down and cool off.” Chapman noted that hunkering down is important for the pair because of Casey’s “dead giveaway” height of 6 feet, 9 inches. He said Vicky is likely in disguise. On Thursday, the US Marshals Service released a mocked-up photo of the former jail official with brown hair as she may have dyed it from her natural blond color since fleeing with Casey. The agency also provided photos of Casey’s tattoos — some of which show his association with the Alabama-based white supremacist prison gang Southern Brotherhood. Chapman said it’s just a matter of time before the two are nabbed because of the amount of coverage their escape has generated. “You never know who’s going to see you. Someone’s going to spot them,” he said. Casey, 38, was charged with capital murder in September 2020 for allegedly fatally stabbing Connie Ridgeway. He was already serving a 75-year sentence for a 2015 crime spree that included attempted murder and home invasion when he confessed to the killing while in custody. He was set to go to trial in the Ridgeway slaying when he and Vicky, 56, ran away. The two shared a “special relationship” while Casey was locked up for nearly two years before they disappeared. Vicky, who’d been with the department for 17 years, told co-workers she was bringing Casey to a mental health evaluation at the county courthouse last week — but there was no appointment on the books and the two never made it to the building. Chapman also made headlines when he interrupted his Florida honeymoon with his new wife to join the manhunt for Brian Laundrie, the only suspect in the strangling of Long Island native Gabby Petito. Her body was found at a remote Wyoming campground on Sept. 19. The FBI launched a massive manhunt for Laundrie that captivated the nation and prompted Chapman to join the effort. Laundrie’s skeletal remains were found at the 25,000-acre Carlton Reserve on Oct. 20. Authorities said he shot himself in the head.