As the United Kingdom and the world gear up for Queen Elizabeth’s big Platinum Jubilee celebrations, one company is honoring the 96-year-old monarch in a small, but grand, way. Babbacombe Model Village in Devon, England, unveiled a tiny model of HRH and her Jubilee Trooping the Colour parade ahead of the ceremony, which is set for June 2. The intricately detailed figurines feature small-scale horse guards, the Yeomen Warders (the sentries for the Tower of London) and the sovereign herself. In photos, designer Wayne Stott is seen putting the final touches on the queen, who’s seated in a red carriage and escorted by her royal guards on horseback, marching in the parade with their unmistakable black bearskin helmets. The minuscule monarch is sized to be barely larger than one’s thumb, however, it’s chock-full of details resembling the real queen. Eighteen of her Majesty’s Yeomen Warders guards have been spread throughout the model village for the exhibit, which is open for the Jubilee celebrations now through June 19. “Join us to celebrate the marking of Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee and enjoy our Miniature Beefeater Hunt,” the model village wrote on Instagram. “Try and find all 18 miniature Beefeaters hidden in and around the gardens and all successful young explorers will receive their very own Union Jack flag to take home.” The Jubilee will be held from June 2 to June 5 and celebrates the British ruler’s astonishing 70 years on the throne. It was announced on Tuesday that she won’t receive the royal salute during the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2 and will instead accept the salutation through her stand-ins —  her son and heir Prince Charles, daughter Princess Anne and grandson Prince William. Trooping the Colour is a military procession that commemorates the anniversary of the British monarchy, which enters its 260th year with the upcoming festivities. Traditionally, the queen would attend the procession in Whitehall to be greeted by a royal salute as she carries out a symbolic inspection of the troops. Royal sources believe the queen’s advanced age, as well as several health worries, have contributed to her skipping out on events such as the opening of Parliament. Reports surfaced earlier this year that she is experiencing “episodic mobility problems” and she tested positive for COVID-19 in February. She has since recovered from the coronavirus. However, she will appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony following Trooping the Colour and offer her iconic wave to the public.