New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. Whilst the Kentucky Derby may be stealing most of the headlines this week, there is still some spectacular sport on the show this week. The NBA playoffs have thus far not disappointed. Eight teams are left in the hunt for the NBA Championship, with New York’s own Brooklyn Nets already knocked out at the hands of the Boston Celtics. Elsewhere, Memphis Grizzlies tied their series 1-1 with the Golden State Warriors last night, and the series heads west tomorrow night for game three. No. 1 in the East Miami Heat host Philadelphia 76ers this evening, with the Florida side holding a 1-0 series lead. Miami won by 14 points in game one, and are second favorites to lift the NBA title at the end of May. The No. 1 in the West, Phoenix Suns, are also in action tonight. The Suns took down the Mavericks in-game won and will look to extend their series lead at home this evening. Liverpool secured their place in the Champions League last night, with their opponent being decided in tonight’s clash. Carlo Ancelotti and Real Madrid welcome Manchester City to the Spanish capital, trailing 4-3. A Bernado Silva world was the difference between the two sides a week ago, and City is brimming with confidence after a 4-0 win over Leeds on Saturday.  If City wins tonight, it will mark the first time in club history that they go to back-to-back European Cup finals. At 18-8, the Mets sit on top of the AL East, six wins clear of second place. Today they take on the Braves, with their four-game series poised at 2-1 to the Mets. New York Yankees are also enjoying the success of their own in the early days of the season, with 18 wins to their name. The Yanks won 9-1 against the Blue Jays yesterday, a real humbling for the Toronto side. New users only, 21 or older. NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, IL, MI, NV, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV only. Full T&Cs apply. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 