A woman who was rejected by her family for having big boobs has finally been taken back by her granny after she spent $55K to be a real-life Barbie doll. Jessica – who now calls herself Jessy Bunny – left the family home in Nuremberg, Germany, at 17 to start her physical transformation. After moving to the Austrian capital Vienna for modeling jobs, she underwent five boob jobs plus lip and buttock-boosting procedures. Jessy, now 21, told German tabloid Bild: “I even got a surgeon to enlarge my outer labia.” Her conservative family was horrified by her new look and cut her off completely. Now Jessy has revealed that she has received an invitation from her grandmother to come back home. German tabloid Bild reports that the self-styled model hopes to be able to travel to Nuremberg soon. Jessy does not own a driving license as she spent all the money her parents sent to take driving lessons on her first plastic surgery. Speaking about the fractured relationship with her family, Jessy told Austrian newspaper Heute: “They are blocking my calls. This is so sad as I’d love to be in touch, especially with my brother and my grandparents. “I keep on texting but get no replies whatsoever. I just don’t understand why they behave that way just because I look different now. I didn’t do them any harm, did I?” On Instagram – where she has nearly 100,000 followers – she describes herself as a fashion model with a cup size of “2000cc (cubic centimeters) and growing”. According to Heute, her current cup size is 75N which is 11 times D. Asked by the Austrian newspaper whether she felt comfortable now, platinum blonde Jessy, who also underwent surgery to straighten her nose, said: “I can imagine having several more surgeries.” She added: “Having the biggest silicone breasts in Austria just isn’t enough for me. I want the most voluminous lips in the whole country too. “Getting up in the morning and feeling happy and comfortable in your own skin is just wonderful.” Reflecting on her teenage years in Nuremberg, the Vienna-based model admitted: “I always pretended to be cool and solid, but I never was. I had short dark hair, many piercings and dreadlocks. But that wasn’t my true self. “My parents had very conservative opinions on education. Whenever I wore sexy clothes in summer it was like a nightmare for them. They handed me silk scarves to cover my cleavage.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.