BALTIMORE — The Yankees were knocked a year ago for not beating bad teams like the Orioles enough. Evidently, they took that message to heart, as they are feasting on subpar opponents this season. They’ve now won four games in a row and nine of 10 overall after making a three-run first inning stand up for a 3-2 victory over the Orioles on Wednesday night. Gerrit Cole was the latest starter to pitch well, as the right-hander delivered his fourth consecutive solid outing, limiting the Orioles to two runs in seven innings at Camden Yards. But it was Clay Holmes who really stood out, getting the final six outs to preserve the one-run lead for his third save of the season. As a result, the voices to make a change at closer will no doubt soon grow louder. It marked another example of how the Yankees can win in a variety of ways. This one, though, surprised even Cole, as the team scored just three runs and had one RBI. “Tonight we won on baseuning and defense,’’ Cole said with a laugh. “And we’re the Bronx Bombers.” After his latest outing in which he didn’t walk a batter, Cole has lowered his ERA from 6.35, after his five-walk nightmare on April 19 in Detroit, to 2.89. The Yankees (28-9), in the midst of a 21-3 streak, scored three two-out runs against right-hander Jordan Lyles in the top of the first. With two outs and no one on, Anthony Rizzo and Josh Donaldson singled. Gleyber Torres followed with a double to right that scored Rizzo and sent Donaldson to third. With a one-run lead, Donaldson then scored on a wild pitch by Lyles that got by catcher Anthony Bemboom. Torres was able to come around on the same play, as Bemboom made a bad throw to Lyles covering the plate to give the Yankees a 3-0 lead. They made it hold up, as they didn’t score again, with Lyles retiring the final 13 batters he faced. Cole pitched around a ground rule double by Austin Hays and an infield hit by Trey Mancini in a 24-pitch bottom of the first — helped by a nice play by Marwin Gonzalez on a Ramon Urias fly ball, as he got a rare start in right field. Following a leadoff single by Rougned Odor in the bottom of the second, Gonzalez made another “sparkler,” according to Yankees manager Aaron Boone, on a Jorge Mateo shot, and then Cole found his rhythm. He retired the next eight batters he saw— including a stretch of five straight strikeouts — before Tyler Nevin’s two-out single in the fifth. But the Orioles got to Cole in the sixth, as a Cedric Mullins and an RBI double by Austin Hays made it 3-1. Hays moved to third on a grounder to second by Anthony Santander and scored on Mancini’s ground ball to first. The Yankees wasted a leadoff double by Trevino off Felix Bautista in the eighth, as the struggling Aaron Hicks whiffed, Aaron Judge grounded to short and Anthony Rizzo struck out. Holmes replaced Cole to start the bottom of the eighth and gave up an infield hit to Hays before Santander ripped a liner that was snagged by Rizzo, who turned it into an inning-ending double play. Needing just eight pitches to get through the eighth, and with Aroldis Chapman unavailable after pitching three times in four days, Holmes came back out for the ninth and got the six-out save. Boone said it was “not necessarily” his plan to pitch Holmes multiple innings, but Holmes was “so efficient and so dominant” he let him go. Holmes took care of the rest, extending his scoreless streak to 19 ²/₃ innings. His sinker has made Holmes one of the most effective relievers in the game. Asked what makes it so good, Boone said with a smile: “Have you seen it? That’s why. If he throws it in the zone, there’s not many that rival it. … It’s one of the nastiest pitches in baseball.”