When it comes to T-shirts, Carhartt is the place to shop. Whether you’re looking for a lightweight option or something extra durable that will stand the test of time — the brand has great picks for men and women. Carhartt, which has been around since 1889, offers a wide variety of T-shirt options ranging from relaxed fit, long-sleeve, short-sleeve, heavyweight and more. While the brand has dozens of great shirts to choose from, keep reading to find out which styles made our top five list for both men and women. This Carhartt men’s tee debuted in 1992 and has created quite the cult following with more than 5,000 raving reviews on the website. It comes in more than 20 different shades and is available in sizes small to 5XL and in “tall” options, too. It’s made with heavyweight cotton — built to handle even the toughest days on the job and has a loose fit that gives you room to move, plus a soft feel that only gets better with time. Carhartt Force T-shirts have been helping hardworking people beat the heat since 2013. Now, almost a decade later, the brand took the sweat-fighting, fast-drying Force shirt and made it even better. The new version has greater stretch, improved breathability with zoned mesh panels, and comfier seams for a better range of motion, making it an ideal option for the hot summer months ahead of us. Choose from 15 different colors and enjoy sizes small to 4XL, plus “tall” options This men’s henley T-shirt is made of heavyweight cotton jersey and cut generously for a roomy fit. Available in eight different colors and a wide range of sizes — this option is great for yard work or a night out on the town. This long-sleeve Carhartt T-shirt bears the brand’s logo proudly on the chest pocket and is a great option for chilly summer nights or layering underneath your go-to sweatshirt on an early morning hike. It’s made with heavyweight cotton jersey material and comes in almost 15 different shades ranging from turquoise to dark gray. Pick this shirt up in sizes small to 4XL and “tall” options as well. Available in six colors, this non-pocket and logo shirt is ideal for the minimalist man looking for a clean wardrobe. After years of selling out of the brand’s popular pocket T-shirt, they decided to give their shoppers an option with no pocket and a relaxed fit. Available in sizes small to 4XL and large to 3XL in “tall” options. This women’s shirt has the same exact heavyweight cotton weaved through the men’s version. It comes in almost 20 different colors, including vibrant neon yellow and classic white. Available in sizes small to 3X. Get the same T-shirt in the long-sleeve version for your go-to everyday work shirt and a comfy tee to throw on when you’re spending time at home or in the yard. It’s cut with plenty of room so it won’t ride up or bind as you swing an ax or reach for your hammer. Available in black, white, or purple, this Carhartt V-neck keeps things simple. It’s made with soft midweight jersey material and has just the right amount of stretch. It’s not too tight but not too oversized and is designed for easy layering. Available in sizes extra small to 3X. For the gal who wants to rock the classic Carhartt logo, go for this newly discounted loose-fitted short-sleeve logo tee that comes in sizes extra small to XXL. This classic Carhartt shirt was made in the Industrial Sewing And Innovation Center’s (ISAIC) new state-of-the-art learning and contract manufacturing center. Located on the third floor of the flagship Carhartt store in Detroit, the brand is helping ISAIC, the local-based non-profit, build a better world by putting sustainability first. This fun script graphic T-shirt comes in hunter green, gray, navy-blue and lavender and sizes extra-small to XXL. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.