Eric Canori buried $2.3 million worth of gold bars behind his childhood home in Lake George, NY. Three feet underground, inside a steel tool chest, below a large rock, the precious metals went into place as a potential inheritance gift to the marijuana kingpin’s mother. “If I was on my deathbed,” Canori told The Post, “I could guide her on where to dig.” As to why he employed gold bars instead of greenbacks, Canori said, “Buried cash gets moldy. One time I dug up a million dollars in 20s and 100s and the bills stuck together. I hired people to separate the cash and we put it all into a room with a dehumidifier. Still, my supplier complained. He thought something was wrong with the money.” Canori, now 43, and once the largest high-end marijuana wholesaler on the East Coast, explains that those life-changing gold millions represented a fraction of his net worth: “At my peak, I was doing $50- or $60-million per year in sales.” After overhead costs that included drivers, warehouses, partners and occasional robberies, “my margins were 5- to 10-percent maximum [for a net of $2.5- to $6-million annually]. Cocaine and opioids have much larger margins, but they also come with higher risk and longer prison sentences.” Nevertheless, his dealing career was a long and treacherous ride of hairpin turns, duplicitous partners riding shotgun and duffle bags so heavy with cash that they could barely be hoisted. But, as Canori explains in his recently published book “Pressure: A Memoir” (Peerless Development), it all began with candy. While a high school student, Canori would buy candy at a gas station near his family’s home in Lake George and sell it piecemeal to other kids at school. From there, for the pot-loving teenager, it was a small step to scoring an ounce of marijuana and breaking it down to dime-bags. The business kept him high and flush. After graduating high school in 1997, he brought two ounces to the State University of New York at Plattsburgh, expecting it to serve as a personal stash. But entrepreneurship got the better of him. He sold it and sought a source for more. Finding one was easy. “I kept my ears open,” Canori said. “Whenever somebody told me they had a friend with a lot of weed, I asked to meet the friend. People always liked working with me. I stayed quiet and kept my promises.” He quickly scooted up the drug world food-chain. Still at SUNY Plattsburgh, Canori sold product to big-time dealers nearby; he bought pounds of the stuff from Native Americans on a Mohawk reservation and from a motorcycle gang near the Canadian border. Canori transported his illicit cargo in the trunk of an unobtrusive 1987 Pontiac Bonneville with textbooks on the passenger seat. By his 2001 graduation, when Canori received a degree in business management, he had already done more than a million dollars in drug deals and was worth some $250,000. Out of college, charging hard in the drug trade, Canori had 15 different cellphones — to keep suppliers from getting linked to one another in the event of a bust — and enjoyed a sexed-up lifestyle. “Off the job, it was all high-end escorts and five star hotels,” he said, adding that his Big Apple bed-down of choice was Mandarin Oriental hotel. “I grinded for 100 hours per week, checked into a hotel and called a $5,000 hooker. She’d come to the suite and tell me how handsome I am. My accomplishments were not acknowledged in newspapers but I was acknowledged by Ukrainian prostitutes who could have been models. I craved love and acceptance.” As Canori’s business grew, his life became increasingly complicated. He’d organize shipments of weed, via large trucks, from growers in British Columbia to the East Coast, while maintaining a legal and legitimate business that had him putting water installations into peoples’ backyards (“I wanted something to tell people when they asked what I did for a living,” he said. “Plus I liked the idea of being pond-man by day and outlaw by night”) and bankrolling a doomed documentary that had him interviewing women about their innermost thoughts. In 2009, after a decade of flying high in the drug trade, Canori took his first vacation. He brought a potential girlfriend — uncharacteristically, she was a non-hooker — with him to the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Tennessee. “I wanted to open my heart instead of my wallet,” he said. In Canori’s case, this meant watching David Byrne perform rather than packing a 300-pound shipment into a cargo trailer to be driven by one of his regular transporters, a well-known downhill mountain-bike racer by the name of Missy Giove. “Normally, I paid women to be available on my schedule. This time I put my heart ahead of the business. As it turns out, that was when everything collapsed. Do I regret it? F–k yeah.” Inexplicably, the normally reliable Giove, unbeknownst to Canori, outsourced the job to a massage therapist friend. Giove, according to Canori, was paid $60,000 for the job and compensated the massage therapist with only $3,000. When Canori met Giove at his stash-house in Saratoga Springs and saw her looking fresh as a daisy after what was supposed to be days of driving, he suspected something was wrong. A car that seemed to be following him furthered the concern. Then, when he noticed a tracking device in the back of the truck, Canori knew he had a problem. It turned out that the massage-therapist was pulled over by police for speeding. The hastily packed truck was quickly shown to be loaded with weed. She instantly rolled over. Giove was arrested and pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to possess drugs with the intent to distribute. She was sentenced to six months of time served, six months of home detention and five years of supervised release. Giove did not respond to a request for comment. In no time at all, agents swarmed Canori’s stash house where $1.5 million in cash was uncovered and he was read his Miranda warning after having been handcuffed for hours. Philosophical in retrospect, Canori acknowledges that the unraveling was inevitable. “I would not have stopped until I got caught,” he admitted. “There is always one more run, one more deal, one more group of people to satisfy. I had an innate desire to keep everyone around me happy while being hollow inside.” Unexpectedly, prison time provided a revelation: “I never knew how important it was to take a break until I was in a concrete cell, laying on a threadbare mattress. For the first time in years, I did not hear my phones ringing.” But, of course, the confiscated phones were blowing up. “I had another $3 million worth of shipments coming in that day. A lot of people wondered why I wasn’t answering. I was assumed to be dead or in jail. I lost a couple million to the streets that day. I’m sure the stolen weed was sold.” Canori laundered some of his unrecovered drug money and hired a fancy Park Avenue attorney to represent him. But he presented a hurdle by refusing to rat out co-conspirators. That sounded heroic on paper. In reality, however, not everyone honored the code that Canori adhered to. “Agents traveled around the United States, getting information on me, convincing people to flip,” he said. “People I didn’t tell on, they told on me and I didn’t even know it. That was a hard pill to swallow.” The DEA even found out about his buried treasure — “Stupidly,” said Canori, “my ego got the better of me and I told people about having gold” — and, with even more stashes yet to be revealed, the bars became a bargaining chip. Voluntarily self-surrendering his $10 million in gold (scattered around the Lake George area), pleading guilty and confirming “the bare minimum” of Giove’s statement about a co-conspirator, Canori spent only two years in jail. Upon release in 2014, following time in and out of incarceration after the arrest, he managed to retain legit assets that included stock, bank accounts and real estate. He still can’t get over the fragility of illicit enterprises. “I did things right thousands of times but fed up once,” marveled Canori. “In a legitimate business, you f–k up, have a corporate meeting and get back on track. In a criminal business, you make a mistake and you’re in shackles. Then a DEA agent tells you to flip on everybody you know. It’s either that or else go to your mother’s backyard and out into the woods where you dig up $10 million in buried gold.” Canori opted for the latter and kept his mouth shut. How did it feel to finally lead the Feds to his fortune? “After spending months in jail, being able to walk on grass, get fresh air and feel sunlight on my face was worth millions. But, honestly, I overpaid.” As for his life these days, Canori has to admit that he’s not doing too badly. He insists that all of the gold has been turned over to authorities. Nevertheless, he remains financially comfortable. “I’m not as rich as f–k; I can’t afford $5,000 hookers,” he said. “But with my book published, I’m trying to figure out my place in the legitimate world. Hopefully I’ll get into legal cannabis. That is the next chapter.”