Get your game on, on the go. This is the idea behind Amazon Luna gaming, the cloud gaming platform and device from Amazon. Since it’s hosted on the cloud, all you need to play is an Amazon Prime membership and any smart device with Amazon on it, be it a smartphone, tablet or computer. There are a host of games available for free and to purchase, including Jackbox Games for fun family and coworker bonding as well as League of Legends, EA Sports games, Call of Duty and more. Since there is a lot to play with on the site, we decided to go level by level to break it all down, and then try it for ourselves right from the New York Post office. Read on for how to get started, browse the library of games and then take over the leaderboards for yourself. Amazon Luna is the platform, free with your Amazon Prime membership. This is a huge perk, as it unlocks free games you can play right away. More later on the game library, but once signed up, you can play on your computer, phone or tablet right away. Then, it takes you to the Prime Gaming page, where you can access all the free games with Prime as well as any subscriptions you’ve downloaded. “Cloud gaming enables you to play games on devices you already own, without the need to purchase a gaming console or gaming PC. Games live in the cloud, so there are no lengthy downloads, installs, or updates required,” explains the site. The Amazon Luna Controller is the game-changer here, pun very much intended. The Amazon Luna is a handheld controller that can be paired via WiFi and Bluetooth to enhance your gaming experience. Instead of using a mouse or touchscreen, the controller brings the feel of gaming back into the equation, complete with two joysticks, the A,B,X,Y and arrow key buttons and even a fully responsive vibration mode. All you really need is an Amazon Prime membership and a smart device with Amazon downloaded. It really is that simple, since all of the games are in the cloud, and they remember your profile via your Prime login information. You also need a high-speed internet connection or WiFi to connect. To upgrade your experience, you can also purchase a gaming bundle that includes the handheld Luna Controller as well as other extras. You can check out one with the Luna Controller and a Fire TV Stick to cast your game to any smart TV, or opt for a Luna Controller and Fire HD 8 or 10 Tablet bundle for more on-the-go gaming. The last thing you can choose to buy are games that are not included in the free selections. We outline the rest below, but in terms of getting set up, the up-front cost is simply the price of Prime. The answer: a lot. The great thing about Amazon Luna is that a bunch of games are already downloaded and ready to play upon activation. There are a rotation of games that are free with Prime and then even more that are free on Luna to play exclusively on the cloud platform. If you want to add even more games to your library, head over to the channels page to see what you like. Luna+ is $19.99 per month and includes a mix of games for everyone to enjoy, like Sonic games, Resident Evil, StarWars Pinball and more. There are also other, more niche, channels to choose from, like Retro ($4.99/month) for throwbacks, Family ($5.99/month) for the whole crew to enjoy and even independant gaming packages from Jackbox Games ($4.99/month) and Ubisoft ($17.99/month.) A gamer I am not. However, puzzles, trivia games and other online time-killers are some of my favorites. Plus,  at The Post, trying the latest and greatest tech has been a blast, so the Amazon Luna was a no-brainer to order for the office. For someone not very experienced in console setup, getting started was a breeze. After logging into my Amazon Prime account, I headed over to the Amazon Gaming site and was all ready to play on my desktop. The Luna Controller took a second longer, but after downloading the app on my phone and installing two batteries (included in the box!), the controller paired to the WiFi quickly and the vibration alerted me that I had set it up correctly. Now it was time to play. For a solo gaming session, I chose a free puzzle game, Lumines Remastered. Since I had played with a Nintendo 64 before (a decade prior, but who is counting?) the controller felt familiar and was easy to learn to use. I also loved the speed, as since it is over the cloud, no downloading was needed. Plus, I could game at my desk and no one was the wiser! Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.