While all the cool kids are wearing their pumped-up kicks, all the stylish ladies are wearing the best shorts for summer. Don’t worry, we still adore this year’s hottest jumpsuits, midi dresses and cocktail dresses, but shorts — like your favorite jeans and wide-leg pants — are are staple that everyone needs in their closet for warm weather. So, we’re bringing you one of the most comprehensive edits yet with 65 shorts that’ll have you comfortable, chic and collected this season. From paperbag shorts to athletic bottoms, we’re wanting to whip out our wallets, too. Whether you’re looking for some dressy shorts to pair with your comfortable heels or options you can run around in with your white sneakers, you won’t run out of options here. Shopping for men’s clothing too? Check out our roundup on the best men’s shorts. Click to jump to a specific pair of women’s shorts: Additionally, click to visit some of our favorite destinations for women’s shorts: Amazon, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale’s, Lulus, Revolve, Target. Levi’s 501 Original Shorts are all the rage, namely for feeling comfortable and seamless in its 99% cotton material. Its legendary straight-fit and subtle fray detailing is characteristic across many washes — all of which you can snag on Amazon. Wild Fable is a remarkable Target brand, notably because its budget-friendly buys are available in a wealth of hues and in plus sizes, too. We enjoy the on-trend high-rise fit, front and back pockets and its 100% cotton material for cool, breezy bottoms you’ll soon live in. Truthfully, this medium-tone denim wash is just everything to us (not to mention, these shorts are on a fantastic discount at Kohl’s right now). You’ll appreciate its contoured waistband, appeal to your curves and that it’s sustainable, much ado to its recycled polyester-blend design. Hello, florals! Eytino’s Mid-Rise Jean Shorts have a bit of everything: a cool-toned denim flair, patchworks of distressing and, the star of the show, ditsy white and pink floral details that look incredible with your favorite white tee. Plus, they’ll look sweet-as-can-be with some of the best sandals we rounded up. Let’s hear it for Abercrombie (which is surely having a moment). The brand’s High-Rise 4″ Mom Shorts are available in several washes, all of which contain a subtle raw-cut hem that instantly transports us to a beach or boardwalk. Not to mention, its vintage stretch fabric is buttery-smooth and one you’ll want to sport all season long. Simple and chic, Lulus’ Olivia Distressed Ultra High-Rise Denim Mom Shorts are the less-than-$50 pair your wardrobe is waiting for. The five-pocket cut, hidden button fly and daintiest of distressing will look flawless with one of our best bodysuits, too. For classic, well-made denim, you can’t skip Everlane. Specifically, its Relaxed ’90s Short features that traditional mid-rise we all know and love, a relaxed structure and an all-around premium organic cotton fabric. Plus, it comes in a deeper indigo shade should you want two staples in your wardrobe. Ah, paperbag shorts — how we love you. BlankNYC’s Tied Waist Short is the supreme mix of quality, affordability and style, offering a cult-favorite acid wash print that looks absolutely divine with a black, seamless top — like Commando’s Ballet Racerback Bodysuit ($98) — and one of this year’s best nude heels. Denim shorts, but make them detailed. Madewell’s Denim Yoke Shorts fit the bill of transforming your outfit from a B to an A, namely for the pair’s A-line fit, back-in-time college yearbook style and nonstretch, marble wash. Plus, they’ll look iconic with the brand’s Kickoff Trainer Sneakers ($98), which we love. Taking a note from our personal wardrobe, Princess Polly’s Open Road Denim Paperbag Shorts are (1) one of our most-worn pairs and (2) the easiest to toss on over your favorite swim bottoms or to wear with a solid crop top. Buy now, thank us later. We have much to thank J.Crew for, its Mid-Length Denim Short one of them. From its natural tone to its 100% cotton make, they’ll soon become one of your most-loved pairs in your drawer. Oh, and they’re some of the best to transition into summer with. The 90s are calling, and they want their shorts back. Pistola’s Kelly 90s Skater Short is that beautifully crafted bermuda shorts that gives you optimal coverage without looking too off-trend. The heavy shredding at the hems makes for an easy-breezy, stay-in-the-sun look, too. Pilcro’s Breaker Denim Shorts are giving us the cutest Peter Pan vibes (in the best way possible). For less than $100 at Anthropologie, the pair makes styling virtually effortless, especially when paired with your favorite work tote or denim jacket. For a wash that couldn’t be more spot-on to cool-toned blue, Frame’s High-Rise Denim Bermuda Shorts are that nifty, splurge-worthy find we have to put on your radar. Its silver-toned hardware, belt loops and divine combination of fraying and fading give it that much more of a reason to wear them all season long. For a modest and polished look, you can’t go wrong with LOFT’s Monroe Chino Bermuda Shorts. They’re fairly priced at $50, come in an array of versatile colors and look impeccable with your favorite fine jewelry pieces. Take your khaki pants, slash them in half and voila — you have L.L.Bean’s Wrinkle-Free Bayside Shorts. They’re great for any type of wear, from casual walks to evening dinners, and the bottoms come in a bunch of neutral colors and plus sizes, too. Indulge in all-day comfort with Charter Club’s Pull-On Bermuda Shorts. Available in pink, olive green and more stunning shades, the pair is a classic for its knee-length silhouette and comfortable fabric. Yes, Bermuda shorts can have a sportier, more relaxed look. Zella’s Getaway Bermuda Shorts are the $55 bottoms your wardrobe has been missing. Its recycled polyester blend material, elastic waist and subtle flow at the hem are just three reasons why we’re adding them to our wishlists. Looking for a pair of shorts with a designer edge? SHEIN’s Pleated Shorts give the illusion of Gucci or Fendi all for the budget-friendly price of $14. Not to mention, it’s a structured fit that will garner plenty of compliments. With St. John’s Bay Mid-Rise 11″ Denim Bermuda Shorts, you won’t have to question if the classic pair is too short. Bound to last the test of time, the now-$21 roll-ups come in other fun colors perfect for the warm weather, too, including peach and turquoise. We know what you’re thinking — fleece in the summer? Hear us out — we’re all about the cozy shorts all-year-round, from serving as your go-to piece of loungewear to keeping you warm and collected in near-freezing gyms and exercise spaces. Oh, and the lavender, Bikini Bottom-esque print is everything. As one of Amazon’s favorite selects, Under Armour’s Golazo 2.0 Shorts are the pair to snag if you crave a super breathable fit. From running laps to shooting hoops, you’ll love this $20 pair that also comes in navy, red, royal blue and white. These shiny, satiny swoosh shorts are sporty, seamless and sale-priced. Nike sure knew what’s up when designing this pair; with a stretchy, oversized band, how can you pass this comfortable, lightweight pair up? Baleaf’s 7″ Athletic Workout Shorts are, remarkably, one of the most versatile pairs of basketball shorts we found. With nearly 5,000 positive reviews on Amazon, they’re perfect for improving your sports skills or diving into your most relaxing yoga flow (perhaps with a yoga mat). Looking for that cutting-edge athletic pair that’s bound to match with one of our best running sneakers? Adidas has you covered with its striking blood-orange pair that’s bound to turn heads on the court. Plus, its drawstring waistband is what everyone’s looking for. For basketball shorts that aren’t super long, lululemon’s Evergreen 4.5″ High-Rise Short fits the bill. The colorblock-designed pair is less than $75, is made from water-repellant fabric and is specifically designed for being on the move (whether that’s basketball or running errands). Nike’s Dri-Fit Crossover Shorts are, undoubtedly, the poster bottoms for basketball shorts. We love the combination of peach and black, though this less-than-$50 pair comes in an all-black shade should you want solid-toned basketball shorts. Not only for its maroon and white combo, but we love Under Armour’s Baseline 6.75″ Basketball Shorts for its chic style (we’re sure Olympians have this in their wardrobes, if we’re being honest). Plus, they have a flattering shaped hemline. Why purchase one pair of basketball shorts when you can purchase five? Available in an assortment of colors (one for every evening workout after your 9-to-5, too), Liberty’s Quick-Dry Mesh Shorts are that easy-breezy, toss-on fit that’ll take you through the summer (and beyond!) in comfort and style. Nike’s Dri-Fit Shorts, embossed in a quality material and gorgeous gray shade, is one we recommend picking up ASAP. When we can find Nike shorts for just $35, we run, especially because the waistband is supportive, comfortable and stretchy. Hello, good value! If you’re looking for buttery soft biker shorts that are less than $20, you’re in luck. With this fan-favorite pair, you’re receiving three bottoms shipped to your door that are seamlessly designed (with tummy-control in mind, too). As one of our favorite biker shorts, Alo Yoga’s High-Waist Biker Short comes in a splendid selection of colors — including that much-desired black — though we adore this berry color. With a thick waistband and flattering fit, you’ll want to snatch a few of these. If we could write lululemon’s Wunder Train 6″ High-Rise Short a love letter, we would. Keep in mind that these run a bit small, but if you don’t mind shimmy-ing into these, they fit like a glove. Plus, they’re super stretchy and divine for workouts of any kind. Did someone say biker shorts for less than $10? That’s right, Wild Fable’s High-Rise Bike Shorts come in black, gray and more colors at Target — all of which have a sought-after soft feel and high-rise waistband that contours with your body to move with you. Pick them up in every color — it’ll still be less than $50! We’re floored that Free People has a dreamy pair of biker shorts for just $30. Great for barre class or frolicking around your home on a weekend, its Hot Shot style comes in a vast variety of colors and feel like a second skin when you’re wearing them. We love all shorts but a pair that has built-in pockets automatically receives more brownie points. In a generous size range from XXS to XXL, they’re especially great for running and hug in all the right areas. Looking for flattering biker shorts? Offline by Aerie’s Real Me Xtra Pocket Bike Short is like none other, simply because its crossover detailing — just like its massively followed Crossover Super Flare Legging ($41) — is something we rave about IRL. Trust us — buy the pair. We love the unique print on Beach Riot’s Bike Short, especially for coming with a paired Anna Tank ($88) to make it a matching set. Style it with APL’s Techloom Breeze Sneaker ($220) and a few coats of Benefit Cosmetics’ Roller Lash Curling Mascara ($27) and you’ll be all set to be on-the-go in style. Impressively, Everlane’s well-made Seamless Bike Short is just $40, and we love its basic, quality fit. The flattering extra-high rise, forgiving ribbed waistband and its combination of organic cotton and recycled nylon deserve all the praise we can muster. We stole inspiration directly from Elle Woods’ closet with Beyond Yoga’s High-Waisted Biker Shorts. They’ll be your favorite punchy color in your closet, especially when styled with Madeworn’s Rolling Stones Tee ($165) and Nike’s dazzling Crater Impact Sneaker ($100). With nearly 2,500 positive ratings on Amazon, Anftfh’s Drawstring Elastic-Waist Shorts are a steal for just $15. They come in a wide range of color options, too, and we love the faint pocket detailing along with the casual-leaning tie waistband. Plus, they’re 100% cotton (a comfy bonus). We love any excuse to bring us to the tropics, and Lulus’ Relax and Recharge Paperbag-Waist Shorts do just that. For less than $50, this blue and white pair features twin front diagonal pockets, a marbled top button and a hidden zip fly to make this one of your cutest summertime buys yet. Sometimes, linen shorts can be too thin or ill-fitting, but you won’t have to worry about that with Abercrombie’s 6″ Linen-Blend Tailored Shorts. Made to perfection, this put-together pair is the perfect baggy fit that still looks polished for your beach or lakeside dinner. Holy, cuteness — we absolutely need these shorts for summer (they may or may not be in our carts). Treat yourself to Farm Rio’s Embroidered Shorts for the most precious palm tree-detailing known to man. Its subtle paperbag charm and faint feminine detailing make us swoon, if we’re being honest. Seeking out a groovy pair of shorts? Knox Rose’s Mid-Rise Paperbag Shorts are sweet-as-can-be, especially for less than $25, and have that vintage, unique charm we’re constantly on the lookout for. Its other colors and prints are just as lovely, too. We deem Heartloom’s Delaney Short a double-whammy: they’re great to wear for an oceanside luncheon and to serve as a beach cover-up you’ll always have in your beach bag. For accessorizing, pick up Poolside’s Disco Ball Pearl Wristlet ($265) and Ray-Ban’s Aviator Flash Sunglasses ($179) for unbeatable adds. Madewell labels this pair fit for hiking, but we think they’re that universal staple you should have on hand and on rotation in your wardrobe. As one of the brand’s best-sellers, its generous size range and roomy, mesh-lined pockets make them a great purchase for the sunshine. If there’s one color that’ll never go out of style, it’s mustard yellow. Lulus’ Daily Adventures Paperbag-Waist Shorts have that bow-tie, easy-breezy fit we love and are great if you want to spice up the muted-down neutral shorts you already own. Plus, the subtle hem and rolled pleats are nice touches. Invest in L’Agence’s Hillary Linen Paperbag Shorts for a sophisticated take on tried-and-true linen. With your favorite clear lip gloss, cherished spring jacket for brisk evenings and a designer clutch, you’ll be turning heads. J.Crew hit the nail on the head with its best-selling Pull-On Linen Short. For $60, these essential bottoms are polished and are basically nice PJ shorts. You’ll love just how breathable and versatile they are too, giving you more bang for your buck. As one of the most sought-after brands for women’s shorts, Lee is unbeatable for its simple pairs in stunning colors. Its Regular-Fit Chino Walkshorts are 98% cotton and 2% spandex to be comfortable, flattering and made for everyone. LOFT is a leader in petite styles, especially, though its Monroe 6″ Chino Shorts also come in a curvy fit type. We’re all heart eyes for this muted lime tone, which we deem ideal for casual Fridays, urban lunch dates and more. Not to mention, its other colors are just as dreamy. Take things up a notch in J.Crew’s 4″ Stretch Chino Short (aka, the mothership of chino shorts). For $60, see what the rave is all about (we’ll give you a few hints: its vast color selection and comfortable design with a hint of stretch. Also, shop J.Crew’s Spring Sale for even more summer-ready picks. For just $20, we couldn’t resist adding A New Day’s High-Rise Poplin Shorts to our exclusive edit. Available in regular and plus sizes, Target is offering somewhat of a utility-style fit that’s also flexible and flattering on any body type. Sometimes, buying patterned shorts is just a serotonin boost. Lovingly listed for less than $100, Maeve’s Micro Mini Shorts are one of Anthropologie’s finest fashions, elevating your dinnertime cocktail look in an instant. Plus, it’s dynamite when styled with some of the best statement jewelry you can snag. We love white shorts so much that we tried a few pairs (including pants) in a tell-all review. INC International Concepts’ Curvy Pull-On Mid-Rise Shorts are ones we have on deck to recommend, featuring a perfect length for any age and four other versatile hues to style. Lauded for being Everlane’s highest-rise yet, its Way-High Canvas Short is a signature pair to steal before the summer season. With pockets at the sides and at the back, you’ll love how practical they are, too (and how comfortable — thanks, 97% cotton!) Periwinkle is in, and we’re surely out (to buy this pair, that is). BDG is one of Urban Outfitters’ beloved collections, with its Blair Chino Short no exception. The relaxed fit leans into linen territory and we adore its silhouette and 100% cotton make, especially. Perfect to easily toss on, Amazon Essentials’ Stretch 5″ Shorts are just shy of $25 and are a bit of a sportier take on your classic chinos. We love this aqua color the best, but the retailer’s in-house brand also has other neutrals and moody colors to choose from. Stunning for its subtle flow at the hem and adorable accents at the waist, Derek Lam 10 Crosby’s Mika Snap Shorts are an investment, but worthwhile. If you’re on the market for that creamy, dreamy nude pair, this is the only one you’ll ever need. As one of our favorite pairs we’re excited to style this summer, BlankNYC’s Faux Leather Paperbag-Waist Short is one of the best value shorts we came across, notably for its trendy belt and universally loved texture. With Anine Bing’s best-selling Eva Tank ($79) and Sam Edelman’s Black Kia Sandal ($140), you’re golden. We’re over-the-moon that we found Dalln’s Faux Leather Shorts; for just $18, this delightful espresso brown color is just the perfect treat to spice up your summertime outfit. Don’t worry — if black is what you’re after, you’re in luck, as the flattering pair comes in these two shades. Simple, precious and well-made all define Jonathan Simkhai’s Mari Belted Vegan Leather Shorts. From tis exaggerated, loopy bow to the unmatched feel, you’re looking at a pair that’s designer-backed and ready to be Instagrammed. Keep in mind that Abercrombie’s 6″ Vegan Leather Tailored Shorts run a bit large, but they’re still a large hit in our eyes (see what we did there)? We’re obsessed with soft vegan fabric any chance we can find it and, when coupled with immaculate pleating and included pockets, we’re even more in love. If you want the illusion of leather on a budget, these Vintage High-Waist Faux Leather Shorts are just what you should buy. From its designer-like feel to its silver button detailing, we love how it instantly makes an outfit look complete. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.