Kim Kardashian now has a piece of Marilyn Monroe forever. The “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” star, 41, stunned the crowd at the Met Gala on Monday night when she showed up sporting Monroe’s iconic 1962 dress. However, the cosmetics mogul also received an actual piece of the Hollywood starlet’s blond hair as a gift. The Ripley’s Believe it Or Not! Museum in Orlando, Florida, shared a video on their Instagram account Tuesday showing the reality star receiving a lock of the screen icon’s infamous mane. “During @KimKardashian’s Met Gala dress fitting at Ripley’s Believe It or Not! HQ, our team surprised her with a silver box that contained an actual lock of Marilyn’s iconic platinum hair,” the museum explained in their post. The “Some Like It Hot” actress’ frock that she wore to sing “Happy Birthday” to President John F. Kennedy six decades ago was in the care of the Ripley’s Believe it Or Not! staff before Kardashian took it for a spin. “The Ripley’s team also filled her Met Gala dressing room with a trove of Marilyn Monroe and JFK memorabilia to help inspire her look,” they continued. The clip featured the mother of four opening a little blue box stuffed with tissue paper and looking very shocked when she saw the hair strands. “This is so cool,” Kardashian said. “This is sleeping with me every night.” The museum purchased Monroe’s famed party gown at a Julien’s Auctions event in 2016 for $4.8 million. Once taxes and fees were added, the dress was valued at over $5 million, making it the “world’s most expensive dress” ever sold at auction, Ripley’s revealed to The Post on Tuesday. While Kardashian made a splash on the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s steps earlier this week, many people were not happy with the businesswoman excavating the decades-old gown for the purpose of publicity. “I am extremely disappointed to see this 60-year-old, iconic dress being worn in public,” Michelle Morgan, author of the 2018 book “The Girl: Marilyn Monroe, the Seven Year Itch, and the Birth of an Unlikely Feminist,” told The Post. “The gown is extremely fragile and has been previously kept in temperature-controlled conditions, but now here it is, not only being worn, but also in a red-carpet environment, where anything could have happened to it,” she continued. Nina Boski, producer of the “Marilyn: Behind the Icon” TV docuseries and podcast, echoed Morgan’s attitude, noting that the viral Kardashian moment is “not a positive remembrance of the star.” “I can understand why Kim would want to wear the dress for publicity purposes,” Boski said. “However, the dress should have only been worn by one person, and that is the iconic Marilyn Monroe.”