New York Post readers can get their hands on a huge new customer offer with Caesars Sportsbook, using the promo code NYPBONUSCZR. Check out how to claim insurance up to $1,100 on your first bet, ahead of a fantastic lineup of sports. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first sports wager, up to a value of $1,100. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York. The next major rolls around as golf heads to Southern Hills for the PGA Championship. Defending champion Phil Mickelson will not attend the major, so there is a new champion to be crowned this weekend. The favorite? None other than world No.1 Scottie Scheffler. Only 20 golfers have won multiple majors in the same year and none since Jack Nicklaus in 1975 have paired the Masters with the US PGA Championship. The man from New Jersey has posted two top 20 finishes in his last two tournaments. What a year for Scottie so far. It’s five years now since Jordan Spieth captured The Open and at last his game is even better than it was then, matching the standards he’d set when winning The Masters and the US Open in 2015. The three-time major champion is driving it well, his irons are deadly, his scrambling remains excellent, and he’s managed a win and a runner-up finish since Augusta without putting as we know he can. Outside of the USA, the wait for an English major winner could be ended by Tommy Fleetwood. He’s got form at courses which correlate well, in particular Shinnecock, and has been playing nicely. It wouldn’t take much of a step forward from 14th in The Masters to be right amongst it here.  Odds courtesy of Caesars Sportsbook. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change.  Get insurance on your PGA Championship bet! Simply Bet $10 pregame on the  Tournament Winner Market in the PGA Championship, and if your selected player doesn’t win but finishes in the Top 5, you’ll receive a Free Bet equal to 200% of your stake. Maximum Free Bet of $50. Who doesn’t like a little extra bang for their buck? Caesars Profit Boosts increase the net winnings of your bet by a given percentage and can be applied to plenty of types of bets. Profit Boosts can be applied to both Straight bets (money line, spread, total) and Parlays, but there are also Profit Boosts that’ll exclusively apply to Straight bets only, Parlays only, or even Parlays with a set number of legs. Profit Boosts can be applied to a variety of sports and bet types, but only those available will appear in your bet slip. Keep an eye out for any profit boosts in your ‘Bonus Drawer’ on Caesars Sportsbook. 