Maybe you can’t espresso how much you love coffee. Or perhaps you just need a latte of it to get the day started. Whatever your relationship with caffeine is, everyone is pretty familiar with the drink. And if you’re like us, you’re a sucker for the latest and greatest coffee appliances on the market, such as french presses, cold brew makers and coffee grinders. Most recently, the Nespresso and Keurig machines have been picking up steam. While they are often placed in the same bucket, the Nespresso and Keurig are really quite different. Everything from the models, brews, price points and pods vary. Yet, everyone is stumped on which one to buy. So, is the Nespresso or Keurig better? Which one is the most cost effective? What does each one even do? Below, we drink many cups of coffee and put the Nespresso and Keurig machines to the test. In no time, you’ll find the perfect coffee maker for your caffeine needs. A Nespresso machine is similar to your everyday electric single-use coffee maker, as it uses capsules or pods. However, it’s not going to brew a typical cup of joe but espresso, an Italian coffee brewing method with a crema finish. The Nespresso machines also come in two “lines”: the OriginalLine and the VertuoLine. The main difference? The VertuoLine offers a full range of cup sizes, while the OriginalLine offers traditional espresso servings. There are four total machine styles within the two lines. Each machine features a used capsule container, automatic shut-off features, an under 20 second heat-up time and a removable drip tray. Machines range from $169 to $209. You are probably more familiar with a Keurig, as these machines gained popularity many years back. Essentially, the Keurig machine uses K-Cup pods to brew regular coffee with a flat finish, and more recently, tea, hot chocolate and cappuccinos. Keurigs now come in over 50 different models, which makes finding your coffee maker of choice that much more personal. Each machine features automatic shut-off capabilities, an under 60 second heat-up time and a removable drip tray. Machines range from $80 to $295. With different machines come different pods. The Nespresso can only take branded capsules, which can be bought across the board. Retailers include Amazon, Walmart, Target, the Nespresso site and more. Flavors include chocolate fudge, vanilla custard pie (our personal favorite), caramel cookie and more. Each capsule rings in at about $0.80 each. Similarly, the Keurig only takes K-cups, which can also be bought at the same stores. However, Keurig has partnered with other well-known brands such as Dunkin’ Donuts, The Original Donut Shop, Green Mountain and more. A single K-cup will cost you about $0.50 each. As discussed earlier, these two machines offer very different brews. The Nespresso brews espresso and can even make a cup of joe depending on the model chosen. A Keurig brews regular coffee along with tea, hot chocolate and cappuccinos, but espresso is off the table. Here’s how we see it: a Nespresso is an add on to any coffee lovers home. First and foremost, obtain a standard coffee maker of your choice, which can be a Keurig or not. Once you lock in a standard coffee brewer, then lean into some Nespresso fun. If you’re looking for an everyday coffee maker, then the Keurig is for you. If you’re a bit of a coffee connoisseur, or already own a standard coffee maker, then you’ll appreciate the Nespresso. Or you can do what we did, which is buy one of each, as they really do offer two completely different beverages. To help you further determine the best machine for you, we created a simple-to-follow grid below. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.