The man who attacked Dave Chappelle during a concert Tuesday is a wanna-be rap star who has put out a song named after the famous comedian that apparently references the Hollywood Bowl. Isaiah Lee, 23, was booked with felony assault with a deadly weapon over the attack on the 48-year-old comedian at Tuesday night’s Hollywood Bowl show, the LAPD said. Lee raps under the name “NoName_Trapper,” according to social media, and has a verified Spotify profile that boasts nearly 6,000 monthly listeners. Track two of one of his several albums — 2020’s “Born & die in the trap”–  is called “Dave Chappell.” While most of the lyrics are mumbled, Lee at one point seemingly references getting into the Hollywood Bowl — which is the location where Tuesday night’s attack took place. “Walkin’ straight into da Bowl,” he rapped in the 2-minute song. Chappelle had another show scheduled for the Hollywood Bowl for May 2020, but that ended up being canceled amid the COVID pandemic. Tap the right side of the screen below to watch this as a web story: In another song from the same album, titled “Maga my n—ga”, Lee appears to rap about former President Donald Trump, saying: “Why is everybody always hatin’ on my president.” In the hours before Tuesday’s ordeal, Lee posted an Instagram story dressed in the same sweatshirt he was later seen wearing on a stretcher after being roughed up by security during the stage-storming incident. When reached by phone, Lee’s sister, Shawne, who lives in Brooklyn, declined to comment. “At this point, we’re trying to find a lawyer for my brother,” she said. Lee was caught on camera lunging at Chappelle at the “Netflix Is A Joke” festival just moments after the comedian had brought up how he’d beefed up his security in the wake of his controversial comments about the trans community. Cops said Lee was carrying a replica handgun that had a blade inside at the time. He was hospitalized briefly after the attack before being booked early Wednesday into jail on $30,000 bail, authorities said. It’s not yet clear what sparked the attack.