A boss has divided opinion after allegedly forcing workers to sign a so-called SWEAT pledge. The contract, which is named Skill and Work Ethic Aren’t Taboo, mandates employees not to whine and to show up for work early. A Redditor, known as Cas Baxter, claimed his wife was asked to sign it before starting her job. The document, posted on the site, consists of 13 rules workers must follow. One says: “I believe the best way to distinguish myself at work is to show up early, stay late, and cheerfully volunteer for every crappy task there is.” Another rule states: “I believe that the most annoying sounds in the world are whining and complaining. “I will never make them. If I am unhappy at work, I will either find a new job or find a way to be happy.” Workers are also required to complete their shift without using their cell phones and employees cannot “resent” the success of others. And, staff cannot take credit for the success achieved by fellow workers, the contract reveals. Employees must also believe that jobs are “opportunities” and it’s down to the responsibility of the worker to maximize them. And, workers must “believe that all people are created equal but some make choices”. The rule states: “Some choose to be lazy. Some choose to sleep in. I choose to work my butt off.” The series of bizarre pledges has left dozens of Redditors outraged. One said: “I love and enjoy my job. They pull some s**t like this, that day would be my last day.” Another asked: “Is there nothing illegal about this?? This seems actually f**king insane.” While a third commented: “I’ve been at my job for 17 years. Love it. If they tried to have me sign this, I would laugh and say no. “And if they were not joking, I would quit.” Social media users branded the manager, who hasn’t been named, “a horrible human” and “scum.” One commented: “Imagine the a**hole sitting there typing that, thinking it was such a great idea.” While another asked: “Why you got me vomiting at 11:30 in the morning?” Others claimed it sounded like the user’s wife was being made to join a “cult.” But, some Redditors said they would make employees sign similar documents. Meanwhile, others joked that they would make their boss sign a contract for respecting workplace rights. Redditors hoped that the user’s wife didn’t sign the pledge as they joked it should’ve been printed on red paper. Another boss divided opinion after putting up a sign that warns staff “Work is not meant to be fun.” And, a manager was slammed after allegedly demanding employees to clock off for bathroom breaks. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.