Carlos Carrasco didn’t have a key weapon Sunday. “I couldn’t control my slider,” Carrasco said after the Mets’ 8-7 loss to the Mariners at Citi Field. The right-hander had been sharp in his previous two starts, combining to allow two earned runs over 14 ²/₃ innings in wins over the Braves and Nationals. But on this day his afternoon unraveled in the fourth inning, after the Mariners loaded the bases with nobody out. Mike Ford stroked a two-run single and Abraham Toro’s sacrifice fly put the Mets in a 4-1 hole. Toro’s leadoff double the previous inning had led to the Mariners scoring a run. Carrasco was removed after allowing four earned runs on eight hits and one walk over 4 ¹/₃ innings. Buck Showalter had hoped to get Carrasco through the fifth. “We’re trying to inch every out we can out of him,” the manager said, noting that the Mets will be relying on a bullpen start Monday. “He really wanted to try to finish that fifth for us when I was talking to him in the dugout … Carlos is a pleasure to manage. He gets it and everybody pulls for him.” Colin Holderman was at breakfast when he received the message from farm director Kevin Howard that he was needed by the Mets on Sunday. With Triple-A Syracuse at Scranton/Wilkes-Barre the right-hander stopped at the ballpark to collect a few belongings and then took an Uber to Citi Field, arriving before first pitch. Summoned for his major league debut in the ninth inning, Holderman allowed two hits but pitched a scoreless frame against the Mariners. “It takes the thought process out of it, just getting thrown in there right away,” said Holderman, who was added to the roster with Tylor Megill’s placement on the 15-day injured list. “I was fortunate enough to throw up a zero.” Holderman impressed the Mets during spring training with a fastball that sits in the 95-99 mph range. “I really tried to go out there [today] and not throw as hard as I could because you could barely feel your hand, there is so much adrenaline,” Holderman said. “I was trying to throw some strikes and was fortunate to do so.” The Mets planned to bring a strong presence to Madison Square Garden for Game 7 between the Penguins and Rangers on Sunday. The team had a suite for the game and several players hurried to dress and depart following the game at Citi Field. Brandon Nimmo and Francisco Lindor were among those headed to MSG.