Team USA took on the White House Wednesday as President Biden honored the Olympic athletes from the delayed 2020 Summer and 2022 Winter Games — saying they help “unite” a divided country. “You help us unite the nation,” Biden said on the South Lawn of the White House, standing in front of dozens of Olympians and Paralympians from the two games. “We’ve been a very divided nation philosophically, but you brought us together — for no matter the divisions, when we see you compete, we feel a common pride in those three letters: USA. I mean that. There’s a common pride that crosses all political spectrums.” Biden reflected on the delay of the 2020 Summer games — which were officially held in Japan last summer due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. “The pandemic made training inconvenient, especially difficult and draining,” he said. “But you did it. You all did it. We’re in awe not just of your incredible athleticism, but your endurance and your state of mind. But most of all your character.” “You’ve been through so damned — so darned much,” Biden said to some laughter over the expletive. The president emphasized that all the athletes, no matter the sport, inspire people around the world and represent the American ethic to not quit. “You help them believe that they can do things, that maybe, maybe, just maybe, I can look at you and see that despite the emotional, mental, and financial and physical toll, you’ve never given up,” Biden said. “You just don’t quit.” “As I said to our foreign leaders, my counterparts, there’s no quitting in America,” he continued. “There’s just no quit and you’re the quintessential example that there’s no quit in America.” Biden also recalled a conversation he had with Chinese President Xi Jinping, who he said asked him to define “American.” “I said, yes I can, in one word: possibilities,” the president said. “We believe in America, anything is possible and you are the explanation of what we mean,” he continued. “It’s all about possibility, breaking limits. You represent the very soul of America. That’s not hyperbole. You genuinely do.” Both Olympic games were marked with strict coronavirus restrictions, frequent testing and masking during most events. The 2022 Winter Games were highly criticized leading up to and during the events, due to their being hosted in Beijing. Specifically, the International Olympic Committee was slammed for allowing it to continue in China because of human rights violation accusations. Multiple Western governments, including the US, boycotted the games by not sending official delegations to represent the nations.