It’s time to retire to the seaside and embrace your inner “Coastal Grandmother” or grandfather in 2022. This trend isn’t new, as linen and laid-back vibes are synonymous with spring and summer, and have been around for decades. The funny thing is, “Coastal Grandmother” has been popping up all over TikTok and now flowing into fashion trends everywhere. As explained in the TikTok below (that now has over 451,000 likes and counting) “Coastal Grandmother” really applies to any age, so long as you love the calming vibes of celebrities like Ina Garten and Nancy Meyers movies. While “Coastal Grandmother” can also apply to home decor and other aspects of a chill, elderly lifestyle, the fashion is one of the best parts. Loose, flowing linen is a staple, with linen shirts becoming a must-have for men and women, regardless of age or coastal-local. In honor of the warm weather and the fun new fashion trend, shop the best linen shirts for both men and women, using the links below to jump to your preferred section. Embrace vacation vibes with this linen top. Sold at Monrow, the shirt comes in spring colors like olive green, light pink and beige, each made of linen and viscose in a lightweight blend. For a laidback take on linen, check out this stylish shirt from ATM. This new arrival comes in three patterns, including an adorable palm tree print that screams vacation. It is made of 100% linen and ranges in size from an XS to an XL. Take your collared shirt and make it sexy. This cropped tee is made of 100% linen and features the classic elements of a button down with the sexy straps to be tied around your back however you see fit. Leap into summer with no abandon in this tank top from Parachute. Part of the new linen collection, the tank comes in five colors, including a seasonal ochre shade. Add some volume to your linen game. This puff-sleeve top from J. Crew will do just that, plus the pink shade adds some color as well. The top also comes in black and white, ranging in size from a 00 to a 24. Linen truly is a magic fabric for summer. Magic Linen knows this all too well, which is why they have this tank to shop. The matcha green color is beautiful and the tee is made of 100% breathable linen. Stay relaxed, even in the office. This top is a great way to stay classy at work while also staying cool and stylish in the spring and summer. It also comes in beige and comes in regular and petite length. What screams summer more than linen, gingham print, halter top? We don’t think much else. Abercrombie has this perfect top, made from a linen blended fabric designed to keep you cool in the heat. The neck is adjustable and the tank comes in orange and a floral print as well. Reform your wardrobe and add some beautiful basics like this linen tank. Sold at Reformation, the shirt is designed to have an oversized fit, perfect for layering over jeans or a flowing skirt. It also comes in white and ranges in size from an XS to an XL. Head to the tropics with this shirt from Kate Spade. The top combines sophisticated sleeves with a sexy midriff, showing off some skin for summer. It is also made of 100% linen with a cotton lining for added structure. Forget “costal grandma” when you could be a “coastal grandpa,” right? This shirt is called Playa, making it a great weight for the beach, or for the office with a pair of slacks. The best part is that it comes in 21 colors, so you can mix and match all season long. This is the “stuff” from Sneakers ‘n Stuff. We love this linen tee, as it combines the structure of a button down with the fun vibes of a summer tee. It also has a unisex fit, making this a great pick for all linen lovers. Ask for linen and you shall receive. This shirt from Asket is a great one for the office on warmer days that can transition to a night out. It is made of 100% organic linen and comes in a variety of colors to choose from. This is a sweet one. The Candy Stripe Linen Shirt is from Ben Sherman, featuring fun stripes in opposing directions to add some personality to any outfit. Like a real candy stripe, the tee also comes in red, both of which have a mini “B” on the pocket. This shirt is sure to bring the luck of the Irish. From J. Crew, the long-sleeve is part of the Baird McNutt collection, made with world-famous Irish cotton. It comes in the very appropriate green color, as well as in 12 other shades to rock this season. Add some magic to your wardrobe with this top from Magic Linen. The shirt comes in white, blue and green, each with a relaxed fit and a size range from small to XXL. Wall Street, listen up. This shirt is a must for those in an office this summer, looking sharp while staying cool. It is made of 100% lightweight pure linen and comes in other shades on the site. Well, this is easy. The shirt from Bonobos is an easy purchase to make, as the fit is ultra flattering under a blazer or on its own, and the fabric resists wrinkles all day. It comes in three colors and ranges in size from a small to an XL. Enjoy the sunset and sunrise in this shirt made for all body types. Sold at DXL, the shirt is great for big and tall men, coming in an inclusive range of sizes from a 2XL and 2XLT to a 4XL and 4XLT. It is a linen and cotton blend, sure to keep you comfy all season long. Keep things casual this summer with a well-fitted and fun linen tee from Tommy Hilfiger. The designer has some great linen options, and we love this one for the fun stripes, coming in guava pink and light blue combinations. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.