She’s in good “Company.” Broadway bigwigs are backing Patti LuPone after she was caught on camera slamming a maskless theatergoer Tuesday night. The stage icon, 73, hollered at the bare-faced patron following a performance of her hit musical “Company,” with the foul-mouthed footage subsequently going viral on social media. The explosive incident divided the internet, with some pundits claiming the veteran performer was “rude,” “vulgar” and “disrespectful.” But on Wednesday, LuPone doubled down — and was supported by her play’s producers. In a tweet shared to “Company’s” official Twitter page, the production shared a GIF showing LuPone gesturing to her face while mouthing the words: “Wear a mask.” The Broadway League, representing the owners of 41 Broadway venues, requires all patrons to wear a face covering at shows. The policy will be revisited next month. Meanwhile, in a subsequent statement, the musical’s lead producer, Chris Harper, said the entire production “stands with” the star. “Over the course of her storied career, Patti has always had an unshakable bond with the audience, and she takes their role as seriously as her own,” Harper stated, according to Deadline. “She is also a fierce advocate for the entire theatrical workforce. We stand with Patti and support her efforts to keep our entire community — from patrons to ushers, cast to stage crew — safe and healthy so we can keep Broadway open,” he added. LuPone’s tirade came during a talkback session held after a performance of “Company” on Tuesday night. “Put your mask over your nose — that’s why you’re in the theater,” LuPone could be heard lecturing the bare-faced patron in the now-viral video posted to Twitter. The two-time Tony winner — who battled COVID-19 in February — subsequently blasted: “That is the rule. If you don’t want to follow the rule, get the f – – k out!” The audience was heard erupting with cheers, as LuPone continued: “Who do you think you are? That you do not respect the people that are sitting around you?” But the maskless woman in the audience wasn’t taking LuPone’s dressing-down lightly, and could be heard yelling back: “I pay your salary!” “Bulls – – t! Chris Harper pays my salary!” the Broadway icon raged in response. Representatives for LuPone declined The Post’s request for comment. Meanwhile, it’s not the first time LuPone has let her temper get the better of her while onstage, beginning with an infamous tongue-lashing she gave a photo-snapping patron in 2009 at a performance of Stephen Sondheim’s acclaimed “Gypsy.” In 2015, LuPone walked up to a texting theatergoer partway through a performance of the play “Shows for Days” and snatched the cellphone out of their hands. The stage legend subsequently told Playbill: “We work hard onstage to create a world that is being totally destroyed by a few rude, self-absorbed and inconsiderate audience members who are controlled by their phones.” LuPone has developed a reputation as a Broadway diva over the decades, even threatening to quit the 2002 comedy “Noises Off” after reportedly throwing a “harrowing hissy fit.” In 1994, she was famously fired by Andrew Lloyd Webber from his production of “Sunset Boulevard.” LuPone subsequently sued Webber for $1 million and used the funds to build a swimming pool at her Connecticut estate. The sassy star named it: “The Andrew Lloyd Webber Memorial Pool.”