A witness for Amber Heard appeared to give a few secrets away about the upcoming DC film “Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom” on Monday. Entertainment consultant Kathryn Arnold seemingly dropped some spoilers during the ongoing defamation trial involving Heard, 36, and her ex-husband Johnny Depp. Arnold noted that the first draft for the script gave Heard — who plays Princess Mera in the sequel and its parent flick — a “strong romantic arc” and “some great action sequences.” Later revisions showed her role being “radically reduced.” “She ends up in the hospital early in this new ‘Aquaman 2’ movie and doesn’t really come out until the end to kind of wrap things up. All the interactions with Momoa’s character, and certainly the action scenes, were taken out,” Arnold explained on the stand. While Arnold didn’t specify why Mera would be in medical care in the superhero movie, she stated that it was because she’s “injured” or “it had something to do with a baby.” Mera is the love interest of Aquaman himself, played by Jason Momoa. It is written in the “Aquaman” comics that the couple has a child named Arthur Curry Jr., a.k.a Aquababy. Arnold also claimed that the “Stepfather” actress had trained “five hours a day for several months with a trainer” for an action sequence, despite Heard’s role being diminished. Heard testified last week during the court case that Warner Bros. cut down her screen time and “didn’t want to include me” in the DC Comics sequel. “I was given a script and then given new versions of the script that had taken away scenes that had action in it, that depicted my character and another character, without giving any spoilers away, two characters fighting with one another, and they basically took a bunch out of my role,” she said. “They just removed a bunch out.” Also in her testimony, Arnold observed for the court that Heard’s career skyrocketed after starring in 2018’s “Aquaman.” “It was that moment where not only was she a good actor, but she was now world-renowned because she was in the most successful film … for DC Comics,” she said about the movie, which later grossed more than $1.1 billion at the box office. Follow The Post’s live coverage of the Johnny Depp-Amber Heard defamation trial “It was just this extraordinary moment for her, for her career to take off,” she continued. Reports surfaced yesterday that Momoa, 42, allegedly defended Heard to keep her role in the sequel. Arnold shed some light on the matter, saying Momoa and director James Wan “committed to her” and were “adamant” she be in the film regardless.