We have to give it to Gen-Z, they find all the good stuff and then generously share it on TikTok. From looking younger to learning about the latest makeup trends, the social media platform is a great place to get new beauty ideas. If you’ve been in the market for a new curling iron that has some TikTok street cred, look no further than the Wave Away Triple Barrel Curler with Tourmaline Ceramic Barrels. It’s already trending on the app and has received almost 500 million views, and right now it can be yours in white or black for just $59.99   — 75% off the usual price — for a limited time. Who doesn’t want bombshell beach waves? It’s the go-to, glam hairstyle for a reason, dating back to the heyday of the Victoria’s Secret Angels. The only problem? They can be really tough to execute and take a really long time to perfect. You need the right tool, which is where the Wave Away Triple Barrel Curler with Tourmaline Ceramic Barrels comes in with the assist.   This triple barrel curler is designed to save you time, providing the perfect tool to get those beautiful waves done efficiently. The 1.25-inch barrels heat up to a maximum temperature in just a few minutes, so there’s no waiting around for your tool to heat up. And then once it’s ready, they’re wide enough to give your tresses that sought-after voluminous wave — not a crimpy vibe like competitors. An LED display gives you a precise temperature reading, while the sparkling Japanese tourmaline helps distribute heat evenly and gently to provide you with beautiful waves. It’s also equipped with a super convenient lengthy cord, coming in at 2.4-meter long with a 360-degree swivel cord so you can move about your bathroom with some freedom. And the stylish design with a pearlescent handle, sparkling barrel and rose-gold electroplating means it will look pretty on your bathroom counter, too! Get the TikTok approved Wave Away Triple Barrel Curler with Tourmaline Ceramic Barrels in white or black for just $59.99 today. Prices subject to change.