The New York City Council is launching an unprecedented probe of alleged antisemitism at CUNY and other Big Apple college campuses, The Post has learned. The Council’s Higher Education Committee will hold an oversight hearing called “Examining Antisemitism on College Campuses” on June 8. It comes after faculty at the CUNY School of Law endorsed the pro-Palestinian Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel, which sources said was the impetus for the hearing. “The embracement and normalization of BDS by both CUNY students and faculty has fostered an extremely hostile campus environment that has resulted in the more blatant forms of Anti-Semitism that are becoming all too common in our city,” said Bronx Councilman Eric Dinowitz, who chairs the higher education committee as well as the council’s Jewish Caucus. “It is crucial for the Council to ensure that our CUNY system, a national model for higher education, does not descend into the singling out of the only Jewish state in the world, and in turn, ostracize our Jewish students and residents,” added Dinowitz. The councilman said there’s been an upward trend in antisemitism on college campuses nationwide, and that “CUNY is no exception, having had multiple disturbing bias incidents and in many cases a culture of anti-Jewish sentiment that demands the attention of the City Council.” The recent vote by the law school’s faculty council backing the BDS movement — which supporters of Israel say reeks of antisemitism — was the final straw for the Council and prompted the investigation, according to higher education sources. “This is bad for the CUNY Law School. CUNY is going to pay for this,” one higher ed insider said. Brooklyn Councilwoman Inna Vernikov, a Ukrainian-born Jew and staunch defender of Israel, is the ranking Republican on the higher ed committee. Last week, she yanked $50,000 in funding for CUNY Law School to do pro bono work in her southern Brooklyn district, as punishment for the anti-Israel vote. The union leader representing CUNY’s professors, the Professional Staff Congress, said he intended to testify at the hearing next month. The PSC enraged supporters of Israel last year for passing a resolution condemning the country for attacks on Palestinians, and raised the specter of supporting the BDS movement in the future. Some professors pulled out of the union in protest. PSC president James David, who objected to the resolution at the time, said, “Our union actively opposes Anti-Semitism and believes political criticisms of Israeli policy are not intrinsically Anti-Semitic.” “We fully support the right of our members to make political arguments on issues foreign and domestic, including on any side of the Israel-Palestine issue.” The city’s private colleges may also be scrutinized, along with CUNY, at the hearing. New York University in 2020 settled a complaint brought by a student after the school presented an award to Students for Justice in Palestine — an organization that has been repeatedly accused of anti-Semitism. The settlement explicitly cited then President Trump’s executive order from December 2019 adding anti-Semitism to Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. A spokesperson for Dinowitz said the councilman’s office is still in the process of confirming witnesses, but the hearing will definitely include representatives from CUNY administration, faculty, and students. The Israel-Palestinian dispute has raged among faculty and students at a number of City University of New York campuses over the past decade. Students on both sides of the issue claim they have been subjected to bullying and discrimination and CUNY even commissioned a study of complaints of harassment against Jewish students, though it concluded much of the offensive language spewed is protected by free speech. CUNY Chancellor Felix Matos Rodriguez has also been forced to respond to letters of complaint that CUNY has become a hotbed of antisemitism, including one from former longtime trustee Jeffrey Wiesenfeld. “Let me begin by reminding you that I’m on record rejecting the original student resolution around BDS,” Rodriguez wrote May 28 in an email response to Wiesenfeld. “I have also stated that CUNY does not support and to be clear cannot participate in BDS activities, and is required to divest public funds from any companies that do,” he added, saying the movement was “contrary to a university’s core mission to introduce students personally and academically to a world that can be vastly different from their own, particularly through international exchange programs, and to encourage them to engage a range of opinions and beliefs.” The chancellor went on to say that he and 12 CUNY college presidents and deans recently participated in a  ‘Scholars as Bridge Builders’ visit to Israel, organized by the Jewish Community Relations Council of New York. They visited Hebrew University, Tel Aviv University and Sapir College and also met with the former Palestinian Minister of Higher Education. Rodriguez, who signed the email with his nickname “Felo”, also addressed outrage over pro-Palestine activist Nerdeen Mohsen Kiswani being asked to speak at the recent CUNY Law School graduation ceremony, saying she was chosen by students, not the university. “They speak for themselves, not for the University, and the opinions they express are their own,” Rodriguez wrote. Wiesenfeld replied, “Felix – Would Black, Hispanic or Asian students be permitted to be subject to exhortations of murder for their co-ethnics?”