It brings new meaning to the term “money shot.” A young woman is being paid to watch porn after edging out more than 90,000 other applicants for the lucrative new gig which pays her $20 an hour — nearly three times more than the federal minimum wage in the US. Rebecca Dickson, 22, was selected for the plum role by ethical sex site Bedbible, which advertised for an “open-minded” applicant willing to stream hours of X-rated movies. “It’s amazing. I’m still in shock!” Dickson declared in an interview with The Post, just days after starting her raunchy new role. “It really doesn’t get much better than this!” As part of the paid position, Dickson — who is single — is required to gather data from kinky clips so that Bedbible can compile an “in-depth report about tendencies and statistics in porn.” The company hopes it will lead to a better understanding of people’s online preferences and practices. Dickson’s first assignment is to watch Pornhub’s 100 most-viewed videos, noting the duration of each clip, as well as the sex positions that are featured in them. She’s also required to clock hair-color distribution, language distribution and the number of orgasms included. The professional porn viewer will also make note of any fetishes and role plays that pop up, too. “What I’ve noticed [so far] is that a lot of the videos have ‘stepmom’ or ‘stepsister’ in the title,” Dickson disclosed, revealing a valuable piece of data she’s already given Bedbible just days into the job. After advertising the role last month, the company was inundated with applications from around the world — including thousands of horny citizens from the US. However, it eventually chose Dickson, who is a native of the UK. Dickson — who hails from a “wee small town in Scotland” — said she never dreamed of such an exciting job, after several years spent working dreary 9-to-5 gigs. However, the intrepid Scot admits she’s watched her fair share of porn for fun, and says she’s the right fit for the role. “It’s the perfect job for me,” Dickson cooed. “I’m a very out-there person, very open-minded. I don’t mind trying something new!” However, Dickson — who is paid $20 per hour for the frisky occupation — admits there are some differences between viewing porn professionally and for pleasure. With this gig, Dickson has to enter all the dirty data into a spreadsheet. She’s also required to watch all videos from beginning to end, which can be tedious if they stretch on for more than an hour and include corny plot lines. “Usually when I would watch on my own for pleasure, I’d skip through certain bits, but obviously now I’m watching the videos in full,” the cheeky voyeur admitted. Still, she says there’s no chance she’ll get sick of the role — which only requires a laptop, WiFi, and the fortitude to watch a lot of fornication. And while the flexible gig is remote, Dickson isn’t exactly able to work from anywhere. Perusing porn requires privacy, so the Scot can’t kick back at her local coffee shop to do the amorous analysis. Instead, she usually works from home, where she lives alone, letting shouts and screams erupt from the speakers of her laptop. Dickson is easing herself into the role, watching about five hours of porn per week. At present, she’s using the gig as a spicy side hustle while continuing a far more mundane job as a car insurance customer service rep. But the ambitious professional porn viewer says she’s soon hoping to increase her hours to be full-time with Bedbible, insisting she’s eager to watch many more hours of X-rated material for money. “I can definitely handle that!” Dickson defiantly declared. And her employer seems to agree, saying it “expect[s] this role to transition to full-time” because “she’s doing a really good job.” Meanwhile, Bedbible isn’t the only site that clocks people’s porn habits. Pornhub releases its own annual report of its most popular stars and search terms. Last year, the most popular search term across the United States was “hentai” — a type of explicit Japanese anime. “Ebony” remained the most-viewed category of video for the second year running, ahead of “lesbian” and “MILF.”  Searches for the word “trans” were up 134% when compared with 2020.