Memorial Day Weekend is coming up, which means there will be savings for everyone in the family. For those of us who are in need of some wardrobe updates, we can turn to brands like Amazon and Nordstrom and many more for discounts on bathing suits, sun dresses, and more. For those who love a good barbecue, grill sales are plentiful these days. And for the active DIY members of your family, the annual Home Depot Memorial Day Sale and similar ones at Lowe’s and elsewhere are worth keeping your eyes on. Here are some sales we’re most looking forward to. Save on Clothes from Amazon It might seem like too easy a place to source great clothes, but Amazon is a competitor everywhere, and summer fashion is no exception. And when you check out these amazing discounts on clothes for everyone in the family, you might need to make some extra Memorial Day purchases. Here are some of our favorites: Playa Lucila Women’s Smocked Dress It’s tough to get a more fabulou and casual vibe than this smocked dress offers. Available in a white eyelet color, it has the perfect level of comfort and appeal to keep you feeling great this summer. For a limited time, you can get this Playa Lucila Women’s Smocked Dress on sale on Amazon for just $103.60 (reg. $148). Beach Riot Women’s Ribbed Bike Shorts If you’re looking to get out in the sun and exercise this summer, you’re going to need the right shorts. These ribbed bike shorts have a fun leopard print, and a fantastic discount. For a limited time, you can get these Beach Riot Women’s Ribbed Bike Shorts on sale for just $50.40 (reg. $84). Z Supply Women’s Zelda Dress For a comforting and stylish dress that you can wear to all of your summer dinners, check out this Zelda Dress from Z Supply. Imported, simple, and elegant, it might just be the Memorial Day discount you’ve been looking for. For a limited time, you can get this Z Supply Women’s Zelda Dress on sale for just $55.30 (reg. $79). Memorial Day Grill Sales Now if you’re less interested in the clothing deals you can score this Memorial Day Weekend, then maybe outdoor activities will be more in your scope of interest. To speak to that, we rounded up some killer grill deals for Memorial Day 2022. Cuisinart CGG-306 This deal will save you for on-the-go cooking when camping, tailgating, and even when you’re home. This high-end portable grill features stainless steel trim, rotary igniters and an amazing price point. For a limited time, you can get this Cuisinart CGG-306 on sale on Amazon for just $187 (reg. $219). Megamaster 6-Burner Gas Grill with OpenCart This medium-sized grill packs some serious power, and it can make our summer barbecue all the better. It features 6 stainless steel burners, cast iron cooking grids, and wheels for easy moving. For a limited time, you can get this Megamaster 6-Burner Gas Grill with OpenCart on sale from Tractor Supply for just $269.99 (reg. $299.99). Permasteel 3-Burner Grill This amazing grill can cook up to approximately 33 burgers at a time, which makes for serious party potential. It comes with 4 caster wheels, 2 foldable side shelves, and a powerful grill. For a limited time, you can get this Permasteel 3-Burner Grill from Tractor Supply for just $359.99 (reg. $399). Save on Summer Travel Now whether you get new clothes or a new grill, you still might want more this summer. Luckily, Memorial Day comes with a whole variety of travel deals. Save Traveling with Marriott Bonvoy Marriott is one of many major travel brands slashing prices to celebrate the kickoff of summer. Check out its Memorial Day Sale opportunities with discounts on flights and hotels to major cities like New York, Vegas, and Los Angeles. Save on travel Memorial Day Weekend by researching and booking through Vacations by Marriott while discounts last. Expedia is Also Slashing Prices For another major source of discounts and deals when shopping this Memorial Day Weekend, be sure to check out Expedia. Right now, the travel platform has posted Memorial Day savings for trips to places like Lake Tahoe, Saint Thomas, and beyond. Don’t miss out on discounted Memorial Day vacations through Expedia while they’re available. Save with CheapoAir Another distributor of fantastic deals on flights, CheapoAir has a lot of discounts coming for Memorial Day Weekend. Of the many examples of great deals, travelers can get rates such as $185 for a roundtrip ticket between LAX to Guadalajara, Mexico. Look here for more discounts and flights for Memorial Day 2022 through CheapoAir. Prices subject to change.