An arm of Bronx royalty has stepped down, passing the proverbial throne of this castle-shaped property onto a new occupant. In plebian speak: After listing for $1.499 million, this Victorian-style property that’s aptly located in The Bronx’s Kingsbridge Heights neighborhood has entered contract. However, the new king of the hill, and the price paid for the home, are not yet known. “It’s one of the only properties of its kind, being both a castle and a three-family residence,” EXP Realty broker Bryan Dale told The Post of the five-story stucco and stone property. “Essentially from every level of the house you get a full view of the entire street and entrance of the house — it was almost built like a fortified castle, and there’s actually a real cannon on site as well.” The home has 28 rooms in all, with a total of 11 bedrooms and five bathrooms spread throughout. There are seven fireplaces, a balcony on every floor, an attached two-car-garage with basement access and tons of original details throughout, including wood-carved pillars, “medieval-style” stained glass, vaulted ceilings and filigree millwork. The 4,091-square-foot property, located at 2744 Kingsbridge Terrace, is currently divided into a four-bedroom, two-bathroom duplex on the first and second floors; a three-bedroom, one-bathroom unit on the third floor; and a four-bedroom, two-bathroom duplex on the fourth and fifth floors, according to the listing. The roof offers sweeping views of the Harlem River and is complete with ramparts and a turret. According to Brownstoner, city records indicate the property was likely built in 1914 at a cost of approximately $10,000 by German immigrant and piano factory superintendent Frederick Schill. A dumbwaiter, the publication noted, connects all three units, and the second unit — on the castle’s third floor — appears to have the most intact original detail, including Deco-era kitchen tile and vintage sink. Anyone who finds the home familiar-looking, but doesn’t often meander to this nabe east of the Major Deegan, may recognize it from the 1979 Philip Kaufman-directed film, “The Wanderers.” Set in 1963 NYC, the flick tells the story of an Italian gang, and features both exterior and basement shots of the Kingsbridge address.