The stage is set for soccer WAGs Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy as they go head-to-head on day three of their highly-anticipated libel trial. In 2019, the wife of English soccer player-turned-manager Wayne Rooney, sensationally accused Vardy, the spouse of Leicester City player Jamie Vardy, of leaking stories to The Sun newspaper. Vardy, who vehemently denied the allegations against her, responded by slapping Rooney with a libel lawsuit. Here’s a look at what day three has in store. Vardy, who is married to Leicester City soccer player Jamie Vardy, is expected to return to the stand to finish giving her testimony on Thursday. She is the only person taking the stand on day three. On Wednesday, Vardy broke down in tears when asked about the trolling she received as a result of the allegations. Rooney is then expected to take the stand on Friday and finish giving evidence on Monday morning. Rooney’s witnesses – Joe McLoughlin, Paul Stretford, Ian Monk, Rachel Monk and Mark Whittle – are due to give testimony on Monday afternoon. Her husband Wayne Rooney is due to take to the stand on Tuesday. Lawyers for both Vardy and Rooney are expected to give their closing arguments on Wednesday, bringing the trial to a close. Day two of the trial saw Rooney’s lawyer David Sherborne probe Vardy over a series of text messages she wrote to her agent Caroline Watt, BBC News reported. The WAG denied leaking stories through text exchanges with Watt. Vardy said her messages were “just gossip.” Vardy did, however, admit she tried to leak a story to The Sun newspaper about soccer player Danny Drinkwater being arrested for drunk-driving, telling the court her attempt was a one-off. On Tuesday, Rooney accused Vardy of betraying her by leaking made-up stories to the tabloid press. “This is a case essentially about betrayal,” Sherborne, said in opening written submissions at the start of the trial. In court, Rooney’s lawyer claimed Vardy “was responsible for regularly abusing her status as a trusted follower of [Rooney’s] personal Instagram account by secretly informing The Sun of [Rooney’s] private posts and stories.” Vardy’s lawyer, Hugh Tomlinson, said she wants to “vindicate her reputation,” after being slapped with “false allegations.” He said Vardy and her family had been “subjected to abuse and threats” over the accusations and were “jeered and heckled at football matches,” as well as “made the butt of endless jokes,” the Standard reported. Vardy’s lawyer told the court there was “no irrefutable evidence” that she was the person behind the leaks. In October 2019, Rooney shared a lengthy post on her Twitter and Instagram accounts, suggesting “for a few years now someone who I trusted to follow me on my personal Instagram account has been consistently informing The SUN newspaper of my private posts and stories.” Rooney said “after a long time of trying to figure out who it could be, for various reasons,” she had a gut feeling and formulated a plan on how to oust this mystery person. Rooney noted that she “saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them,” claiming it was “Rebekah Vardy’s account.” Vardy addressed the allegations on Twitter the same day, tagging Rooney in her post. “As I have just said to you on the phone, I wish you had called me if you thought this,” she tweeted in 2019. Vardy continued that “various people have had access” to her Instagram account over the years, adding, “just this week I found I was following people I didn’t know and have never followed myself.” Vardy said she is “disgusted” at “even having to deny this,” and said that “you should have called me the first time this happened.”