An ex-girlfriend of the accused murderer who went missing from an Alabama jail said Tuesday she is “freaking out” after the inmate who once promised to kill her remained on the loose along with a rogue corrections official. The unidentified woman spoke as authorities released video footage of suspect Casey White, 38, and the county’s Assistant Director of Corrections Vicky White, 56, leaving jail together while a manhunt for the pair continued. “They’ve [local police] promised to step up patrols, but we are freaking out. We don’t know if he is going to show up and take us out like he tried to do before,” the woman told Huntsville’s WAAY 31 from an undisclosed location. “I thought I would never have to worry about him ever again. Casey White is very dangerous to everybody that is around him.” The escaped inmate was charged with two counts of capital murder in September 2020 in the stabbing death of Connie Ridgeway, 58, and was already serving a 75-year sentence for a 2015 crime spree where he was convicted of shooting a person and a dog, officials said. Vicky White, who had a “special relationship” with the suspect — to whom she is not related — absconded with the inmate after saying she was taking him to a mental health evaluation which turned out to be non-existent, according to the Lauderdale County Sheriff’s Office. She is wanted for permitting or facilitating escape in the first degree, police said. White’s ex was able to escape his armed attack but fears that he will follow through on a promise to kill her if released from prison, according to the outlet. White warned cops in 2015 that he’d kill the ex if he got the chance, according to court documents obtained by Fox News. “He stated that he wanted to kill her and have the police kill him,” a police report read. “His only regret was that neither was successful. He stated that if he was released he would kill the victim.” The scared woman also had a message for Vicky White, who the US Marshals Service said was “dangerous” and likely “armed.” “If she is still alive, (she needs to) get the hell out. Run. Run as far as you can, and turn yourself in, and contact somebody. Like, do the right thing before you lose your life or somebody else does.” Timestamped footage released by local authorities shows Vicky White, who was tasked with transporting detainees, backing her sheriff’s vehicle into the sally port of the Lauderdale County Jail in Florence around 9:30 a.m. She entered the building and returned less than a minute later with the handcuffed orange jumpsuit-wearing suspect. After letting him into the back of the cruiser, she walked around the car, got in the driver’s seat and took off, according to the footage. The duo did not go to the local courthouse for Casey’s fictitious appointment. Instead, they ditched the official car in a shopping center parking lot and vanished, police said. Up to $15,000 in reward money was being offered for information leading to the suspect’s capture.