Queen Elizabeth’s doppelgänger is living among us — and lives not too far from the monarch herself. Jeannette Charles is a retired English actress who has portrayed the British royal across films, music videos, advertisements, TV talk shows and more for the last 50 years. “I was interviewed for newspapers, magazines and radio, and an agent said my resemblance to the queen could be a money-spinner,” Charles, 94, told the Guardian recently. The screen queen — who left acting in 2014 due to her arthritis — has made a career for herself being a lookalike for the 96-year-old sovereign.  Charles has surfaced in projects such as “National Lampoon’s European Vacation,” “The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!” and “Austin Powers in Goldmember.” “I appeared on TV chat shows, opened supermarkets, assisted magicians and shot adverts all over the world. Bands wanted me for music videos, and I handed out gifts with Liberace and presented a silver disc to the band Queen,” Charles recalled. While the lookalike now resides in Essex, England, she got her start in 1972 when she commissioned a portrait of herself for her husband Ken’s birthday. The painting was then displayed by artist Jane Thornhill at the Royal Academy in London. Many museum-goers mistook the depiction for Queen Elizabeth herself and the error earned an immense amount of press attention. That’s when Charles received offers to portray the queen in print ads, and she got herself an agent. The stage star’s lifelong dream was to become an actress; she even passed an audition at the RADA — London’s prestigious Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. However, the tuition was too expensive and her “looks counted against me – no matter what role I took on, I’d hear comments from the audience, and sometimes even laughter.” “But when an agent approached me, I realized there might be a way of making my resemblance to the queen work in my favor,” she explained to the outlet. After she was signed to a modeling agency, she emerged in a controversial photo spread showing herself posing with a stuffed corgi, the queen’s favorite dog breed. The media “insisted the image was disrespectful to the royal family,” despite Charles claiming she’s “always been a staunch royalist and respects the queen.” “I would never do anything that reflected badly on the monarch or myself,” she said. “I don’t think anyone else had earned a living by resembling someone famous before – now there’s a whole industry.” Charles has also come across many famous faces throughout her career, including late comedian Joan Rivers, actor Sacha Baron Cohen as his character Ali G and more. She also recounted how comedic icon Mike Myers was “lovely” to Charles when she worked on the 2002 sequel to his 1999 flick “Austin Powers” — even when she once “mistook him for a member of the crew.” Charles even looked back at making “Naked Gun 2” in 1991 with stars Leslie Nielsen and Priscilla Presley — both of whom she called “charming.” However, she called ’90s scandal king OJ Simpson “rude.” “Some actors didn’t realize how hard I worked,” Charles noted. “I’d spent hours perfecting the queen’s voice and mannerisms, and kept abreast of royal developments so I could reference them in my speeches.” And while she “won’t be playing any part in her Platinum Jubilee party,” she’s more than “happy to watch it on TV like everyone else.”