Libertarian: ‘Tinkering’ Deepens Economic Hole “Rising prices are largely the result of foolish policy,” yet “there’s actually a constituency for doubling down on political interference in the economy,” rages Reason’s J.D. Tuccille. Inflation “at least partly” stems from officials “attempting to ‘help’ us through the disruptions of the pandemic and mandated lockdowns.” Yet such “tinkering” only opens the door to more tinkering as the “situation deteriorates” — offering “authoritarians” another chance to exploit the public. Example: Sen. Liz Warren wants to penalize companies to stop “corporate gouging,” yet that’s “less likely” to lower prices than reduce the availability of goods. “When politicians break the economy, they hurt us in the short term but also create future opportunities to do harm in the name of undoing the damage they inflicted.” Conservative: Dems’ MAGA Scapegoat “Democrats are facing backlash for driving a radical social agenda and are lining up to take the most extreme position on abortion in their history. So, naturally the real enemy is the sudden emergence of the so-called ‘ultra-MAGA’ crowd,” snarks Tom Basile at The Washington Times. “The attacks . . . will continue because Democrats have nothing else to say.” But it won’t work: Last “week every Democrat senator but one voted to codify the most extreme view of abortion ever conceived,” even as most Americans “don’t support late-term abortion.” The Dems’ gambit “is a road that ends in an electoral cliff. It’s not about women or life or rights or reality. It’s about radical social engineering and political calculus.” Neocon: The Left’s (Pointless) War on Language “The left’s supposed dominance” on abortion, “an issue they hope will deliver them from the edge of an electoral abyss,” is “betrayed by liberals and progressives who don’t know how to talk about abortion anymore,” argues Noah Rothman at Commentary. Witness “messaging materials provided to House Democrats” on the expected Supreme Court reversal of Roe that remove the word “choice” in favor of “decision” and reframe “conscience clause/protections” as “refusal of care/denial of care.” But “phrases that sacrifice specificity in favor of inclusivity have either had little political effect or have backfired” — especially “Latinx.” Though “wildly successful at popularizing their preferred speech codes,” the left is “simultaneously losing the policy debates those codes are designed to advance.” From the left: Dem Battle in Brooklyn New York magazine’s Errol Louis chats with Brooklyn Democratic chair “Rodneyse Bichotte Hermelyn, the first woman ever to lead the Kings County Democratic organization,” who’s “eager to duke it out with the growing group of reformers trying to topple her” as the New Kings Democrats try to win control in June 28 district-leader elections. One issue: her move to influence who gets polling-site jobs, which “can easily pay $500 or more for a few days of not terribly difficult work.” But “the county organization controls nominations to civil and Supreme Court judgeships, which are substantial and powerful positions.” And “Hermelyn comes to the fight with the attitude once voiced by the late Meade Esposito, the cigar-chomping County leader who famously said that ‘today’s reformer is tomorrow’s hack.’ ” Abortion desk: Where’s America’s Middle? “Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Austria, Switzerland, Denmark — what do these countries have in common? They limit abortion on demand to fifteen weeks’ gestation or earlier, albeit with exceptions,” notes Richard Koenig at Spectator World. 15 weeks “is the restriction in the Mississippi law, excepting a ‘medical emergency’ or a ‘severe fetal abnormality,’ ” that’s “before the Supreme Court in Dobbs v. Jackson” — the case whose draft-opinion leak sparked protests nationwide. “In Europe, limitations as to when abortion becomes illegal generally range from ten weeks (Portugal) to eighteen weeks (Sweden).” “Where’s the middle in America?” Well, in “polls from 1996 to 2018, Gallup found majorities supporting a general right to abortion in the first trimester and opposing that right in the second.” “As in Europe, most people here would like to find a compromise.” — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board