Andy Garcia and Gloria Estefan together on the big screen? ¡Qué bueno! The two Latino icons will co-star in a Latinx remake of the classic rom-com “Father of the Bride.” A new teaser for the upcoming family comedy dropped on Monday, showing the two actors as a couple headed for divorce just as their oldest child is about to tie the knot herself. The story takes viewers into 2022 Miami and revolves around a Cuban-American family led by Garcia, 66, as Billy, and Estefan, 64, as Ingrid. The pair-on-the-rocks are in for a wild ride when their daughter Sophie (Adria Arjona) marries into a very rich Mexican-American family, helmed by her fiancé Adan (Diego Boneta). Enrique Murciano (“Without a Trace”), Chloe Fineman (“Saturday Night Live”), Isabela Merced and Macarena Achaga also appear in the film. “Father of the Bride” was last seen on the silver screen in 1991 with Steve Martin and Diane Keaton playing the worried couple at the center. Hollywood legends Spencer Tracy and Joan Bennett were the first to take on the roles in 1950. “A father plays a big role in his daughter’s life. It’s a special bond that only they share,” Garcia reflects in the two-minute clip. “And even when she grows up, she’s still ‘Daddy’s Little Girl.’ ” In true 21st century fashion, the teaser reveals that it was Sophie who got down on one knee to propose to Adan. “You proposed to him, he didn’t propose to you. Can you do that? Does anyone do that?” the confused dad says as his daughter announces her joyous news. In another scene, Garcia and Estefan’s characters undergo couple’s counseling in an effort to save their marriage. “We’re supposed to play the perfect family until Sofie gets married?” Estefan asks her soon-to-be ex-husband. Together they learn to put on a brave face for their daughter’s big day. “Things have been coming at me very fast. It’s time for me to embrace the future,” says our father of the bride. The “Godfather: Part III” actor and the “Conga” singer previously starred together in the 2000 made-for-television biopic about jazz musician Arturo Sandoval, “For Love or Country.” Ahead of the trailer’s release, the two spoke to Entertainment Weekly about what’s like to represent the Latinx community with this reboot. “There was both an honor and an obligation to deliver a story that’s within the Latin cultures, in this case, the Cuban and the Mexican, trying to relate to one another,” Garcia noted. “There’s an obligation to do it right, represent it without stereotypes, in a way that, although it’s culturally specific, its themes are universal.” “The fact that we’re two Latin cultures blending in that movie — to Anglos that might seem weird because they might pile us all into one lump, when we have these subtle differences,” Estefan chimed in. “Father of the Bride” will be saying “I Do” on HBO Max come June 16.