Come again? A Canadian writer has revealed she experiences accidental orgasms while sneezing, practicing yoga — inadvertently climaxing while in frog’s pose and while practicing other “intense hip-opening exercises” — and other normal activities. Brianne Hogan made the kinky confession in an essay penned for Scary Mommy, saying she’s not the only one to experience earth-shattering orgasms while undertaking everyday tasks. “It’s totally normal,” Hogan declared. “We are sensitive humans who have bodies filled with sensitive nerve endings. It happens!” In her essay, the writer referenced a 2018 study published in the International Journal of Sexual Health, which stated that orgasms can be “experienced in association with varied forms of sensory stimulation” outside of a sexual context. The journal says nonsexual orgasms have been experienced by people who are “exercising, breastfeeding, riding in vehicles, sleeping, using drugs and eating.” Defecating and sneezing were also cited as unusual ways people could accidentally climax. Hogan didn’t disclose whether she’s experienced orgasms while on the toilet but additionally quoted sexologist Jess O’Reilly, who claimed exercise was the most common way people accidentally climaxed. The sexologist cited a 2011 study conducted on more than 500 women “which found the most common exercises reported to induce orgasm were abdominal exercises, climbing and lifting weights.” Bike riding was also another common way women could come outside the bedroom, with O’Reilly saying the exercises “may be related to rubbing, grinding and squeezing, which stimulates the clitoris.” Meanwhile, O’Reilly asserted that other people could reach accidental orgasm without any kind of contact with the genitals. Some have come while performing oral sex on a partner, or even by simply thinking about sexy situations. It’s unknown what percentage of people experience accidental orgasms, and whether women experience them more than men. However,  O’Reilly says some people may be more susceptible to the frisky phenomenon. “If you’re high on the sexual excitability scale (you become aroused with ease — physically and mentally), you may be more primed to experience them. And if you tend to be present in your body, open to pleasure, less likely to quash arousal, and low in inhibitions, you may also be more likely to have them,” the erotic expert declared. The occasional accidental orgasm isn’t considered concerning to medical experts, but those who are constantly climaxing are likely to be suffering from a condition known as persistent genital arousal disorder. Back in 2017, The Post profiled one sufferer, Michigan woman Amanda McLaughlin, who said the feeling of being on the verge of orgasm at all times caused debilitating pain in her pelvis and legs. McLaughlin said she uses heating pads to relieve the pain, and inserted ice cubs into her vagina to bring down swelling. “You say ‘arousal,’ and it sounds like it’s a fun thing to have,” McLaughlin stated. “I get people saying, ‘Oh, I wish my wife had that’ and thinking it’s a joke. But would they want to have a raging boner 24/7? I don’t think so.” Meanwhile, back in 2014, Wisconsin dad Dale Decker went public with his personal genital arousal problem. His condition came about after he slipped a disk in his back, and he can currently ejaculate up to 100 times a day. “Imagine being on your knees at your father’s funeral beside his casket, saying goodbye to him — and then you have nine orgasms right there,” he stated. “While your whole family is standing behind you.” “It makes you never want to have another orgasm for as long as you live,” Decker added. “There’s nothing pleasurable about it because, even though it might feel physically good,  you’re completely disgusted by what’s going on.”