It’s a good thing she loves him. A man put his wife up for sale in a humorous ad online while she was on a girl’s weekend getaway, likening her to a used car. Robbie McMillen, the ultimate hubby prankster, posted a photo of his wife Sarah alongside a list of pros and cons of “purchasing” her. The joke posting included pros such as being “above average condition for year” with “great headlights,” yet complained of a “small intermittent whine that’s got a lot worse in the lash month.” The listing also noted she came with a “good set” of tires and even “comes with an additional 100 pairs.” He even gave advice on how to care for the 39 year old, including “filling the tank” with “cocktails,” which ensured “excellent smiles per gallon.” “While she was away with her friend at a festival drinking and making memories I thought it would be a laugh,” he told Kennedy News. “We have been with each other nearly 20 years, she is well used to these posts so I wasn’t in the dog house.” Robbie, a 38-year-old father-of-two, said in the post that he was open to “offers” or “swaps,” suggesting actress Jennifer Aniston or Irish singer-songwriter Imelda May. “It was really only a joke, we’re always having a laugh with each other,” he said. But the post, which was shared on April 17, didn’t include a listing price. Yet, the bar owner and DJ said he received a “few offers” but that “unfortunately she’s now off the market.” “As you can see by her picture, she’s never for sale,” he continued. “She’s one in a million.” The couple, who hail from Essex but now live in Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria, are parents to two children, 17-year-old Mae and 11-year-old Leo. The humorous post garnered hundreds of likes, shares and comments, including a laugh from Sarah herself. “He’s very cheeky. When I spotted the post I just laughed because he does things like that all the time, he’s a bit of a prankster,” she said, admitting that her husband might have missed her while she was away on her trip. “Maybe he just missed me,” she continued. While Robbie joked about Sarah’s self-tanning, she said she doesn’t use fake tanner. “I don’t need it, but I do have a very large shoe collection,” she said. “But I think he has the same number of trainers as I have shoes.” In the listing, Robbie made a comment that she “has a bad smell from exhaust every morning,” which Sarah called “cheeky,” but agreed she does in fact love cocktails. “My favorite cocktail at the moment is an espresso martini, which is in my hand in that photo,” she said, adding that if Robbie’s “allowed” Aniston or May, she’s “allowed” actor Leonardo DiCaprio. “I saw a few comments under the post saying he was ‘punching’, which is nice to see,” she said. Some people left comments underneath the viral post online, while some advised to “hold her tight.” “She is stunning you better watch Robbie she doesn’t get in before you and give you away for free lol beautiful couple,” wrote one person. “You’re punching as it is…hold her tight,” said another. “No one would be able to afford our Sarah Mcmillen, one in a million,” wrote someone else. “We’ve been together for ages and the secret to our relationship is that we’re always talking and laughing, we’re just best friends,” Sarah said.