To ward off the blazing heat in style, there’s no better fabric than linen. Specifically, linen pants for breezier days or cooler nights. Not only is it the lovely lightweight layer that’s seen in our go-to list of women’s shorts (including paperbag shorts) and cocktail dresses, but it’s back and better than ever to appeal to TikTok’s “Coastal Grandmother” trend. That trend doesn’t mean taking out AARP cards and heading to the beach (just in case you were confused). The viral fashion statement is a nod to classic white jeans, straw sun hats and nude block heels — summertime elements that we’d bet our life savings will never go out of style. Ahead, find the 20 best linen pants worth your money. We assure you these picks are what you’ll want to live in for sangria cocktail hours with friends or daytime strolls with your partner. Click to jump to some of our favorite retailers for linen pants: Abercrombie, Amazon, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale’s, Express, Free People, Lulus, Magic Linen, Nordstrom, Revolve, Target. We’re all about the floral-printed pants this season. Abercrombie’s Linen-Blend Pull-On Wide-Leg Pants have a scrunch-band waist for extra comfort, pockets (a score) and the most unbeatable pattern that’s perfect for day or night. Keep things simple with Roxy’s Oceanside Pant. For less than $30 on Amazon, the style comes in a variety of colors, though we deem the ivory tone true and classic. Plus, when paired with your favorite sandals, you’ll be ready for the beach. For a statement that’s a bit more relaxed than your favorite pair of black jeans, snag Anthropologie’s Wide-Leg Linen Trousers. They’re an investment, but you can’t beat the seamless waist and dainty, natural flow that’s bound to match with one of our best bodysuits. Say hello to hot pink with Aqua’s Belted Straight Ankle Pants. This now-on-sale pair will instantly become one of your favorite work pants and paperbag pants alike, much ado to its punchy color and sweet bow-tie waist. Elevate your summertime look with Express’ Super High-Waisted Linen-Blend Belted Ankle Pant (a mouthful, but worth the splurge). We love the industrial-leaning belt yet relaxed, chino-like fit for serene summer evenings. For less than $100, it’s worth the buy. Meet your new dockside pants. Lulus’ All A-Boat You Paperbag Waist Pants are just shy of $50, yet not shy with its eclectic wide-striped print. Paired with your favorite comfortable heels and white tee, you’re golden. If you want to dress like royalty, there’s no other pair than Magic Linen’s Relaxed-Fit Paia Linen Pants. For just $60, score the same button-detailed bottoms Meghan Markle adores (in all the lovely colors). Alert the press — we found the cutest work pants for the summertime. Paired with your finest nude heels and classic denim jacket, you’ll come to appreciate this well-fitting investment. Plus, the dark gray color is great for family get-togethers and corporate meetings alike. Meet the most expensive linen shorts on this list but one of the most adorable colors we’ve seen on a pair of bottoms: Rag & Bone’s Ivy Culotte. This versatile pair has a minimalist button detail, seamless belt loops and a kick-off flare (and flair) we’re obsessed with. For just $35, we couldn’t resist adding Knox Rose’s High-Rise Wide-Leg Pants to our edit of the very best. Serving as a great budget buy, the detailed pattern and comfortable fit make them an easy toss-on for your next brunch or outdoor affair. Beautiful sky blue is in, and we’re not at all complaining about it. Abercrombie knew what we all want when designing its Tailored Linen-Blend Wide-Leg Pants: comfortability, a stunning color and a fit that’s both flattering at the waist and relaxed at the hem. Plus, when paired with the brand’s Cropped Tie-Front Linen-Blend Top ($34), you’ll have one of the most seasonal matching sets to sport in the coming months. As a best-seller on Amazon, Nimin’s High-Waist Paperbag Pants deserve all the acclaim. For one, they’re one of the most Pinterest-esque pairs on the market. Not to mention, you’ll want to pick them up in all the sweet colors for just $29 a pop. If there’s a color we adore when the sun’s out and we’re our happiest, it’s lavender. Score Free People’s Calla Pleated Trousers for less than $100 if you’re on the market for loose-fitting pants that can be styled in any which way. While we love our traditional linen pants, how about giving them a cargo twist? Hudson’s Cargo Jogger Pants are a triple threat of some of our favorite looks: joggers, work pants and comfortable linen. Plus, the side pocket detailing and drawstring waist are nice touches. Is it just us, or does Express’ High-Waisted Linen-Blend Pull-On Wide-Leg Pant scream “vacation” to you? This pair checks off all of our boxes: a fabulous color, a simplistic body and pocket details. You’ll want to pick up the brand’s Linen-Blend Tie-Front Puff-Sleeve Cropped Top ($36) while you’re at it, too. As one of our favorites on this list, Lulus’ Breezy and Beachy Belted Wide-Leg Pants have that precious bow-tie waist we can’t get enough of, along with a subtly sexy slit that’s bound to turn heads. Paired with your favorite designer clutch, and you’ll be photo-ready at your next event. Keep things relaxed this summer in Magic Linen’s Kihei Pants, a score for less than $100 and one with ornate detailing at the waist. However, these linen-made pants are one of the comfiest options we’ve seen, and we also love the rose hue. Ok, Topshop’s Straight-Leg Trousers aren’t pure linen (please forgive us), but the cotton blend is dynamite for the warmer months. The heather gray, paired with your favorite springtime jacket is a perfect match, plus you’ll want to pair this with your favorite fine jewelry all the time. When we find high-quality pants for less than $75 at Revolve — well, we run. Shop SNDYS’ Hill Pant, the perfect option to wear out to dinner or to double as your swimsuit cover-up. To complete the look, add Amber Sceats’ Textured Hoop Earrings ($52) to your cart. Practical and polished, A New Day’s High-Rise Slim-Fit Ankle Pants have that no-zipper look that’ll keep you seamless and feeling your Sunday best. How could you pass these up for just $25? If we’re being honest we’re looking at all the great colors and patterns. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.