Picture this: You have the perfect at-home office setup. Your desk is decorated with succulents, you have a comfy office chair and you’re ready to tackle the tasks ahead. Your alarm goes off and you realize it’s time to jump on a Zoom call. The only problem is, the sun isn’t doing its job and you look as if you’re in a dark abyss. Lighting changes everything, and if you don’t have good illumination, you’re not going to achieve the quality of video, photo or vlog you want. But never fear, as there is a simple solution to this problem: ring lights. Simply opt for a standing, clip-on or over-head ring light for instant illumination. Best of all, each of those options can be found on Amazon with prices ranging across the board. So let’s get lit and dive into the seven best ring lights for meetings, vlogs and selfies in 2022. Get ready to make next-level TikToks, top-rated YouTube videos and more with this ring light kit. The kit comes with an LED ring light, one stand, a soft tube, a carrying adapter and more. You can also create your desired ambiance by choosing from the ring light’s various cool and warm lighting options. Take your live videos to new heights with this multi-functional ring light. Use it for doing your makeup, holding you phone or adding brightness to your video calls. Make sure to take advantage of the white, warm and yellow hues as well as the 10 various brightness levels. If you’re looking for something a bit smaller, you may love this selfie ring light with a tripod stand. It’s short enough to fit on your desk, kitchen counter or bathroom vanity but bright enough to illuminate your space. You can also securely fasten your phone to the inside of the ring light and use the included clicker to record or snap pictures, hands-free. With five color temperatures and 10 brightness levels, you’re sure to find your ideal combination. Best of all, you can switch between a selfie stick and a tripod for all video and image shooting opportunities. Use the suction to mount this conference lighting kit to the back of your computer and adjust the color temperature and brightness levels to match your environment. It’s simple, easy and convenient. With 360 degree adjustment, you’ll never have to worry about the light not hitting you exactly where it ought to. It’s also great portable option for those on the go. Get the best of both worlds with this desk light and ring light in one. Straighten the soft rod to create an over-head light or curve it slightly so that the light it’s your face. Either way, it’s sure to get the job done. Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.