One and done. Legendary NFL quarterback Drew Brees will not return to NBC after just one season as a studio and game analyst, according to sources. The decision seemed mutual as Brees preferred doing games over the “Football Night in America” studio show, and NBC didn’t have many NFL games to offer him. NBC soured on Brees’ potential after originally believing he could develop into the heir apparent to Cris Collinsworth on “Sunday Night Football” games. After the story was published, Brees tweeted out a response, saying his future at NBC is in limbo and he said there were some grand possibilities. “Despite speculation from [the] media about my future this fall, I’m currently undecided,” Brees said. “I may work for NBC, I may play football again, I may focus on business and philanthropy, I may train for the pickleball tour, senior golf tour, coach my kids or all of the above. I’ll let you know.” On the air, Brees, 43, had an up and down rookie season that was highlighted by a poor performance in his biggest broadcast of the year, the Bengals-Raiders playoff game. While Brees is done with NBC, there is still a possibility he could end up in an NFL booth next year as Fox still has to fill its top game analyst positions for this year as Tom Brady won’t start until after he finishes playing. Greg Olsen and Fox have already begun discussions to make Olsen the No. 1 analyst, according to sources. No contract is completed, but Olsen is on his way to standing next to Kevin Burkhardt on Super Bowl Sunday. Fox has the big game in two of the next three years. Olsen and Burkhardt were partners last season in Olsen’s rookie broadcasting year. If Olsen moves up to the top booth, Fox would have an opening for its No. 2 spot and Brees is considered a candidate. The No. 2 jobs do not pay like the No. 1 gigs, so Brees would have to truly want to call NFL games. There is a feeling that is still his desire. Brees could possibly team with Joe Davis or Adam Amin on Fox’s No. 2 team, which does call playoff games. Amazon could also maybe be a possible landing spot for Brees. Last year, Brees called Notre Dame games with Mike Tirico. He also did the “Sunday Night Football” pregame and a few NFL games. NBC Sports declined comment.