It’s a hair too perfect. Unfortunately for Kim Kardashian, shining as the curvaceous cover girl of Sports Illustrated’s lauded 2022 Swimsuit Issue comes with an onslaught of photoshop shade. “[She’s the] photoshop and airbrushed champ 2022,” jeered a Twitter traducer upon the magazine’s unveiling of her sunbathing babe cover art Monday, noting her unblemished skin, immaculate hairline and flawless nose. And, unsurprisingly, photo-editing software experts agree. “From a professional standpoint, you can look at [the picture] and just know that there’s photoshopping that’s been done,” bicoastal photo editor and photographer Gabriella Csapo told The Post. “Aside from it being Sports Illustrated, it’s also Kim Kardashian,” she laughed. “We have to assume that at this point in her career, every photo is photoshopped.” No stranger to photo-fixing controversy, Kardashian, 41, recently came under fire for allegedly cropping out her bellybutton in an Instagram post meant to showcase her taut frame and cozy Skims loungewear. In response, the “Kardashians”-starring diva denied altering the shot, blasting cyber critics for the “dumb” accusation. But now, suspicions that she edited her face, rather than her frame, are bubbling up with nary a peep from the K-queen thus far. The cover shot in question, snapped by respected shutterbug Greg Swales along the crystal-blue shores of the Dominican Republic, features Kardashian wrapped in a skimpy, nude-color bikini. And while the voluptuary’s hourglass figure looks unimpeachable, her mug appears to have been modified, said Csapo. “Her nose, on the cover, looks more straight and narrow than her nose in the rest of the photos [from the shoot],” noted the snapshot specialist, who has worked as a Photoshop editor for over a decade. “It looks like [the middle of her nose] got thinned out, and that the tip of her nose was [made to look more pointy].” “Nobody’s nose is perfectly straight, even if they get a nose job,” she continued of Kardashian — who, in April, was accused of editing the snout and jawline of boyfriend Pete Davidson, 28, in photos. “And as a beauty re-toucher, that’s something we do fix and fiddle with in pictures, because people want to look like they have a straight nose on their face.” The photo pro went on note that a skilled image editor also likely used their magic on Kardashian’s overly sublime hairline. “If you zoom in on the cover shot, you can see how perfect straight this hairline is, and most people don’t look like that,” said Csapo, adding her skin, too, had probably been tweaked to falsify a buttery smooth texture. “Most people have a cowlick or a little thinning or something.” And while the camerawoman, who regularly grabs flashes of TikTok influencers, musicians and bands, conceded that Kardashian is undeniably hot in the snap, she emphasized the importance of being able to identify the real from the fake. “People need to recognize that celebrity pictures like this are often photoshopped so that no one is out there trying to emulate an unrealistic beauty standard,” said Csapo. A recent study by York University in Toronto, Canada, found that buxom beauties like Kardashian and younger sister Kylie Jenner, 24, have contributed to an uptick of body dissatisfaction amongst young women who are unable to mimic their celebrated coke-bottle shapes sans cosmetic surgery. “It’s important for everyone who sees this to realize that [Kim Kardashian] is a part of an industry that has a goal of making each photo look as entertaining as possible,” she insisted. “And because of that, most of the pictures will be photoshopped.“