A veteran teacher who was “just a sweetheart” and an 8-year-old boy were among those killed in the mass shooting at a Texas elementary school, according to devastated loved ones. At least 19 children and two teachers were killed when the alleged gunman, 18-year-old Salvador Ramos, opened fire Tuesday at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, a small, working-class town near the Mexico border. All victims were killed inside a single classroom, the Texas Department of Public Safety said Wednesday. Also among the victims were several 10-year-old students who were enrolled in the fourth grade, including two cousins. Ramos, a student at Uvalde High School, was killed by the police, authorities said. Here’s what we know about the victims: Eva Mireles, a fourth-grade teacher at Robb Elementary School, had worked for the Uvalde school district for 17 years. She was remembered as a loving mother and wife. A neighbor of Mireles told The Post the teacher “was just a sweetheart.” “It’s a tragedy that this happened to a person like this,” the neighbor, who did not want to be identified, said. “She was the sweetest person and she would take her cute dogs out on walks and she would say, ‘Hi.’ “Her husband is a police officer and they are just very nice people. We are in shock something like this would happen. This is a quiet community.” Uziyah Garcia is the youngest victim to be identified so far. His grandfather broke the devastating news after getting word from the authorities. “The sweetest little boy that I’ve ever known,” Manny Renfro said. “I’m not just saying that because he was my grandkid.” Renfro said Uziyah last visited him in San Angelo during spring break. “We started throwing the football together and I was teaching him pass patterns. Such a fast little boy and he could catch a ball so good,” Renfro said. “There were certain plays that I would call that he would remember and he would do it exactly like we practiced.” Xavier Lopez was the first student victim to be identified. His mother, Felicha Martinez, told the Washington Post that just hours before the shooting, she had gone to the school to attend an honor roll ceremony. She took a picture showing her son showing off his certificate. Martinez said she told Xavier she was proud of him and that she loved him before giving him a hug goodbye, not knowing at the time that she would never see him alive again. “He was funny, never serious and his smile… that smile I will never forget,” she said. “It would always cheer anyone up.” The boy’s adult cousin, Lisa Garza, 54, of Arlington, Texas, said Xavier had been looking forward to a summer of swimming. “He was just a loving 10-year-old little boy, just enjoying life, not knowing that this tragedy was going to happen today,” she said. “He was very bubbly, loved to dance with his brothers, his mom. This has just taken a toll on all of us.” Luevanos’ mom confirmed the tragic loss of both her daughter and nephew in a post of the pair together. “Fly high my angels. We’re going to miss yall so much,” wrote Veronica Luevanos — whose dad had died just a week earlier. She added three emojis of bawling faces. “I’m so heart broken,” she wrote with a photo of her daughter. “My baby I love u so much … fly high baby girl.” Rojelio Torres, who was initially reported missing by his father, has since been confirmed dead by his family. A person identifying themselves as a cousin tweeted a tribute to the boy: “it breaks my heart to say my rojelio is now with the angels I’ll forever miss you and love you my angel.” The boy’s dad, Federico Torres, told KHOU-TV that he was at work when he learned about the shooting and rushed to the school. “They sent us to the hospital, to the civic center, to the hospital and here again, nothing, not even in San Antonio,” Torres said. “They don’t tell us anything, only a photo, wait, hope that everything is well.” Nevaeh Bravo, a student at Robb Elementary School, was confirmed dead after Tuesday’s shooting. A person claiming to be the girl’s cousin wrote on Facebook: “Our Nevaeh has been found. She is flying with the angels above. We love you Navaeh very much princess.” Fourth-grade teacher Irma Garcia, who co-taught along slain educator Eva Mireles, was fatally shot in the attack, her nephew said late Tuesday. Garcia was a mother of four children and had been teaching for 23 years, according to her school profile. She enjoyed barbecuing with her husband and listening to music. The woman’s nephew wrote on Facebook: “My tia did not make it, she sacrificed herself protecting the kids in her classroom, i beg of you to keep my family including all of her family in y’all’s prayers , IRMA GARCIA IS HER NAME and she died a HERO. she was loved by many and will truly be missed.” Makenna Elrod’s father had been desperately searching for her after saying he feared “she may not be alive.” Her death was later confirmed by a family friend. “It’s pretty sad what this world’s coming to,” Brandon Elrod told the TV station KTRK. The mother of Makenna’s friend from tumbling class wrote online: “Sweet Makenna Rest in Paradise!! My heart is shattered as my daughter Chloe loved her so much!!” Amerie Jo Garza was shot dead in her fourth-grade class as she tried to call 911, according to a family member. “So the gunman went in and he told the children, ‘You’re going to die,’” Berlinda Irene Arreola, Amerie’s grandmother, told the Daily Beast. “And [Amerie] had her phone and she called 911. And instead of grabbing it and breaking it or taking it from her, he shot her. She was sitting right next to her best friend. Her best friend was covered in her blood.” Amerie’s father, Angel Garza, confirmed his daughter’s death at the hands of the school shooter. “Thank you everyone for the prayers & help trying to find my baby,” he wrote on social media. “She’s been found. My little love is now flying high with the angels above. Please don’t take a second for granted. Hug your family. Tell them you love them. I love you Amerie jo.” Garza shared a photo showing a beaming Amerie Jo sitting on his lap. The whereabouts of Eliahana Cruz Torres, a fourth-grader at Robb Elementary, remained unknown for hours until she was confirmed dead by her family. Her great-grandfather, Adolfo Cruz, 69, said she didn’t want to attend school Tuesday but was told by her family to go. Cruz remained outside the school gates through the night, waiting for word about Eliahana. “I hope she is alive,” he said at the time. Annabell Guadalupe Rodriguez was killed inside her third-grade classroom alongside her cousin, who has not yet been identified. Annabell’s father had spent late Tuesday afternoon looking for his daughter. Speaking to KHOU11 he lamented that no one knew where she was. “They’re not letting us in at the hospital right now so we don’t know where to go,” he said at the time. Ellie Garcia was identified as a victim of the shooting by her parents. “It’s hard to issue out a statement on anything right now my mind is going at 1000 miles per hour… but I do wanna send our thoughts and prayers to those who also didn’t make it home tonight!!! Our Ellie was a doll and was the happiest ever,” Steven Garcia wrote on Facebook. “Mom and Dad love you never forget that and please try and stay by our side.” The fourth grader’s dad, Ryan Ramirez, confirmed his daughter’s death early Wednesday with a Facebook page showing her with angel’s wings. He had heartbreakingly used the same photo the previous day as he desperately pleaded for help finding her after the massacre. “Trying to find my daughter Alithia. I called all the hospitals and nothing,” he wrote of his search. He also spoke to media outlets during his frantic search, telling KSAT, “I’m trying to find out where my baby’s at.” The youngster’s death was also confirmed early Wednesday in a Facebook post by an older cousin, who that day before had posted a desperate appeal for help finding her. “My sweet baby cousin we loved u dearly,” Deanna Miller wrote alongside the photo of her cousin now with angel wings. “I’m so sorry this happen to u baby please keep my family in your prayers,” she wrote. Miller’s own kids had also been at Robb Elementary School at the time of the shooting. One of her sons told her that they evacuated out of a window and ran to the safety of a nearby funeral home after “he heard the shooter say he was gonna kill all the kids.” Alexandria was killed just hours after happily posing for a photo with her parents after an honor roll ceremony. Her father is Uvalde Sheriff Deputy Felix Rubio — who was seen at the shooting scene with the girl’s sobbing mother, Kimberly Mata-Rubio. Mata-Rubio later wrote on Facebook: “My beautiful, smart, Alexandria Aniyah Rubio was recognized today for All-A honor roll. She also received the good citizen award. We told her we loved her and would pick her up after school. We had no idea this was goodbye.” Maite was in the fourth grade and was celebrated as an honor roll student just hours before the massacre. A cousin of the girl’s mother, Ana Rodriguez, wrote in the description of an online fundraiser, “We are deeply saddened by the lose [sic] of this sweet smart little girl…. God bless and may she R.I.P Maite Rodriguez we love you.” Tess was a fourth-grade student at Robb Elementary School. Her family members, including her older sister, took to Facebook to mourn her untimely death. “My sweet baby sister, I would’ve never thought I would be typing something like this. I honestly have no words just sadness, confusion, and anger,” Faith Mata wrote. “I’m sad because we will never get to tag team on mom and dad again and tell each other how much we mean to each other, I’m confused because how can something like this happen to my sweet, caring, and beautiful sister, and I’m angry because a coward took you from us.” “Sissy I miss you so much, I just want to hold you and tell you how pretty you are, I want to take you outside and practice softball, I want to go on one last family vacation, I want to hear your contagious laugh, and I want you to hear me tell you how much I love you.” The father of Jose Flores described the fourth-grader to CNN as an amazing boy and big brother to his two younger siblings. “He was always full of energy,” Jose Flores Sr. told the news outlet. “Ready to play till the night.” Jose loved playing baseball and video games. Cazares and her cousin, Annabell Rodriguez, were among two pairs of cousins killed in the shootings. An aunt of the pair told Sky News her heart was “shattered.” “Today my two beautiful nieces Jackie and Annabell were taken away from us too soon,” she said. “Love you my babygirls. Till we meet again.” The 10-year-old student was the last of the slaying victims to be identified. Vincent Salazar confirmed to the Philadelphia Inquirer that his young daughter was among those killed. He said she was “a lot of fun” and recalled how they sang along to “Sweet Child O’ Mine” by Guns ‘n’ Roses whenever he drove her to school. Layla was excited to see the latest Marvel movie release, he said.