A Robb elementary teacher has said she is terrorized by the image of armed madman Salvador Ramos marching into her Texas school before the slaughter that “felt like an eternity.” “I can close my eyes and I see that image of him and that gun walking up to my school,” fourth-grade teacher Nicole Ogburn told the “Today” show in an interview that aired Monday. “And it haunts me,” she said, admitting that she is unsure if she will ever be able to return to the school that President Biden said could be razed. The Uvalde native previously told KENS 5 that she spotted Ramos, 18, after hearing some of the shots that police say he fired at the Uvalde school building before he got inside and killed 19 kids and two teachers. “I just stood up and looked out my window that was right here close by, and I was like, ‘There’s a guy with a gun. Oh my God, get down!'” she said. “I had one student laying on top of me,” she told “Today” of the 15 panicked pupils in room 102. “And I just remember praying, ‘Please God, please God, keep us safe,'” she recalled as they remained in lockdown “I just kept hearing, ‘Boom boom boom,'” she said of more than 100 rounds that Ramos fired in his deranged attack. “It just kept going off … in what felt like an eternity,” she said. Responding police forces have faced escalating criticism for waiting more than an hour before storming in and shooting dead Ramos, even as trapped students repeatedly called 911 begging for help. Ogburn told KENS 5 that when officers eventually reached the shattered window of her classroom, her terrified pupils started jumping out and running to the shelter of a nearby funeral home. She then started calling the kids’ parents to let them know they were safe, she said. “I’m not a hero,” she told the local station. “I was their teacher and I loved them very, very much. I will continue to love on them as much as they need,” she said. The Justice Department announced Sunday that it is launching a probe into the delayed police response that some fear may be to blame for at least one of the shot children bleeding to death. Amid mounting outrage from parents, Col. Steven McCraw, the director of the Texas Department of Public Safety who initially praised the response, admitted Friday that officers “made the wrong decision, period” by waiting so long to confront Ramos. Still, Ogburn said she wants “the blame to stop.” “The only person here to blame is that person who came into my school and hurt my friends and the students who I saw every day and I loved,” she told KENS 5. “That’s the person that’s to blame,” she also told “Today.”