The family of Connecticut mother Jennifer Farber Dulos is marking the third anniversary of her disappearance, saying the “immeasurable loss” continues to agonize her family. The 50-year-old mother of five, who is presumed dead, was last seen dropping her kids off at school on May 24, 2019. A rep for Dulos’ relatives and friends released a statement Monday, indicating the passage of time has done little to heal the family’s wounds since she was “murdered” and disappeared. “We feel the immeasurable loss of her person every day,” family rep Carrie Luft said in a statement to The Post. “We also delight in her presence and celebrate her spirit as they manifest in her five incredible children.” Jennifer’s children — two 16-year-old twins, two 13-year-old twins and an 11-year-old — are “thriving and doing well,” as is her mother, Gloria Farber, Luft said. Farber declined to comment through a housekeeper when reached by The Post Tuesday at her Manhattan apartment. Monday’s statement also cited the open investigation into Dulos’ murder and the ongoing search for her body. Luft thanked Connecticut State Police for their dedication to the case, which made headlines across the country. “As court proceedings have resumed, we await the next steps in the legal process for the two key individuals who have yet to stand trial,” the statement continued. Michelle Troconis, the then-girlfriend of Dulos’ estranged husband, Fotis Dulos, and one of his attorneys, Kent Mawhinney, have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder for allegedly conspiring with Fotis to kill his wife and help cover up the slaying, the Hartford Courant reported. Troconis, who has pleaded not guilty, is scheduled to appear in court for a remote hearing on June 7 in Stamford. She’s free on bond and is living in Florida, the newspaper reported. Mawhinney was tied to the case by police, who claim he was involved in concocting stories about the alibis of Fotis Dulos and Traconis. Cops said he was at Dulos’ house the day Jennifer disappeared. Investigators said Mawhinney also received a call from Dulos as he disposed of trash bags in Hartford, the Courant reported. The next court date for Mawhinney, who has been released on bond after pleading not guilty in January, has not yet been set, according to the report. Fotis Dulos killed himself after being charged with his estranged wife’s murder in January 2020. Jennifer’s family, meanwhile, said they miss her “more than words can express” while thanking the public for their continued support. “In Jennifer’s memory, we ask that you hold your loved ones extra close and make time to laugh with friends,” Luft’s statement continued. “Please also remember that there are many missing and murdered people whose stories are never covered in the press, whose families and loved ones continue to grieve.” Cops in Connecticut launched a new search for Jennifer Dulos in December, scouring Waveny Park in upscale New Canaan amid the long-running probe. Police said Jennifer’s car was found near the entrance of the park with traces of blood inside. Surveillance video also showed a man who appeared to be Fotis Dulos with a woman believed to be Troconis as they dumped black trash bags into cans in Hartford on the day Jennifer vanished, the Courant reported. Connecticut Gov. Ned Lamont last year signed “Jennifer’s Law” after it was overwhelmingly passed by the state House. The law expanded the state’s definition of domestic violence to include “coercive control” — or a pattern of threats or acts that deprive someone of their rights. Additional reporting by Haley Brown