For years, Luis Guillorme was passed over. His opportunities were — at best — limited. Higher draft picks and more experienced players were given the benefit of the doubt ahead of the slick-fielding and versatile infielder. “I think there were situations where I could’ve brought what I’m doing now to the team,” he said on Memorial Day, before he went 2-for-4 with three runs scored and an RBI as the Mets extended their win streak to four with a 13-5 pasting of the Nationals at Citi Field. “I think I wasn’t used to the best advantage of the team, I guess. … Nobody is going to be happy with that.” That, however, seems to be a mistake the current Mets’ hierarchy is not repeating. Guillorme has become a valued member of the club, particularly essential of late amid minor injuries to Brandon Nimmo and Jeff McNeil. Put in the leadoff spot the past three games, he reached base nine of a possible 14 times and scored six runs, contributing to those wins in a major way. And then, of course, there is the glove that has got him here, the impossibly quick reflexes that make him a plus-defender at multiple positions. He made multiple brilliant plays at second base on Monday, which included starting a 4-6-3 double play on a 103.1 mph rocket hit by Keibert Ruiz of the Nationals. “Guy’s a wizard. It’s unbelievable,” starting pitcher David Peterson said. “He’s something else.” When asked if his recent production will make it harder to return Guillorme to part-time status when the Mets get healthy, manager Buck Showalter sidestepped the question. The 27-year-old infielder, though, is on pace to receive by far the most at-bats of his five-year big-league career, and he is making the most of them. He is slashing a robust .363/.446/.463 with a .908 OPS in 80 at-bats. With semiregular playing time in May — his 53 trips to the plate are his most ever in a month in the majors — Guillorme is batting .415 with a 1.003 OPS. “Yes, I’ve gotten more consistent at-bats, but also there’s still been times when I go two, three days without an at-bat,” he said. “Just being able to consistently repeat my swing, whether it’s back-to-back days, whether it’s two days in between, coming off the bench, it doesn’t matter. I feel every time I step to the plate, I feel comfortable. I don’t feel lost. … Right now, every time I go up there, I feel really good and ready to hit.” This hot stretch has coincided with Guillorme shaving off his thick beard. He did it April 19 after an 0-for-12 start at the plate. It is starting to grow in again, but Guillorme doesn’t plan to shave again. Not unless he gets ice cold. “I don’t like being clean-shaven whatsoever,” he said. “It’s gotta go to drastic measures. It has to be really bad.” There’s obviously no reason for him to make any changes right now.