The MTA received multiple state labor violations last month tied to poor record-keeping of attacks on transit workers and failing to provide required training to help workers deal with those incidents, The Post has learned. The state’s Labor Department said the MTA failed to record more than 200 assaults against workers in required injury logs over the course of 2019 and 2020, according to notices of violation and an accompanying investigative narrative obtained by The Post. DOL also dinged MTA New York City Transit for missing required elements of the state-mandate “workplace violence prevention program” and failing to provide annual workplace violence training in 2019 and 2020. “The employer did not provide each employee with information and training on the risks of workplace violence… at least annually,” according to the notice of violation dated April 1. The MTA was previously dinged in November 2019 for failing to “establish and implement reporting system for incidents of workplace violence,” but the problem has persisted, according to the document. A DOL spokesperson confirmed the authenticity of the documents and said “the report speaks for itself.” “The New York State Department of Labor is working with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to ensure compliance,” the spokesperson said in an email. The MTA is required to resolve the violations by August. Violence on the job is a major challenge for the MTA’s frontline workforce. MTA stats show an average of nearly two attacks per week on subway workers so far this year and many dozens more weekly cases of anti-worker harassment. The MTA Inspector General has previously called out the MTA’s failure to provide state-mandated training. “The MTA is committed to working with the New York State Department of Labor to ensure compliance with all State regulations related to the health and safety of employees,” MTA spokesman Eugene Resnick said in a statement. “Worker protection remains a top priority for the MTA and we take all valid complaints filed by employees seriously.”