Alabama jail boss Vicky White went shopping at a sex-toy shop shortly before she helped her inmate boyfriend escape – leading to an 11-day manhunt that ended in her suicide and his capture. The 56-year-old former assistant director of corrections for Lauderdale County stopped at Sugar & Spice Adult Novelties in Florence where she picked up lingerie and possibly an assortment of sex toys sometime before the April 29 escape, according to store workers and The Daily Mirror. When reached by The Post, a worker at the shop declined to provide more details but the store’s owner previously told the Daily Mirror Vicky walked in a strange way. “It was like she was old before her time. She slowly waddled rather than walked,” the owner told the outlet. “Goodness knows how she has managed to go on the run.” Meanwhile, more details about the former jail honcho’s well-calculated plan were revealed during an extensive interview US Marshal Marty Keely gave to the Associated Press about her ill-fated adventure with murder suspect Casey Cole White. Keely and his team learned that Vicky had sold her Lexington home for $95,000 – well below market value – weeks before the escape and had also filed for retirement from Lauderdale County the night before she went missing. She’d also recently added an AR-15 assault rifle and a shotgun to her collection of firearms and went shopping at a Kohl’s department store, where she’d purchased men’s clothing, the AP reported. On the morning the pair went missing, Vicky had told coworkers she was taking Casey to a scheduled mental health evaluation at the county courthouse. But around 3 p.m. that afternoon, they realized something was terribly wrong when the inmate hadn’t returned to the detention center and calls to Vicky’s cell were going straight to voicemail. Investigators knew Vicky to be an upstanding employee who’d spent nearly 17-years with the department and thought at first Casey had kidnapped her while out for the appointment. However, they soon realized her cover story was nothing but a ruse when they found no appointment for Casey had ever been scheduled. Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton tapped the US Marshals Service for help and soon, Keely and the agency’s Gulf Coast Regional Fugitive Task Force were scouring for clues. Their first lead came from a coworker who told investigators Vicky had asked them to pick her up from an Academy Sports + Outdoors store inside the Florence Square shopping center after she accidentally locked her keys in the car and needed to get to work sometime prior to the escape. Working off of the tip, investigators later found Vicky’s sheriff’s cruiser ditched in that same parking lot, where she had also stashed the pair’s first getaway vehicle – a conspicuous orange 2007 Ford Edge that she’d purchased with cash and under an alias. Two law-enforcement officials who spoke to the AP on the condition of anonymity claimed Vicky had conducted a “dry run” with Casey before the escape when she took him out of the lockup one day for about 40 minutes. However, Singleton refuted that account in an interview with NewsNation, saying there was no evidence Vicky had taken Casey out of the jail earlier. Before long, the Bonnie and Clyde duo had made it out of state and were nearly 200 miles away. Keely’s team didn’t get their first solid lead on the couple’s whereabouts until a week after they went missing when a tow truck driver in rural Tennessee called in a tip after realizing he’d towed the pair’s Ford Edge just a few hours after they’d left town. While it’d been a week since the car had been abandoned, at least investigators had a place to start, Keely said. They soon canvassed the area where the Ford Edge had been discovered and soon found a local who recognized a photo of Casey and said he’d sold him a Ford F-150 pickup truck for cash. The man told Casey the truck didn’t have license plates but he didn’t mind, Keely said. “He says, ‘Yeah, I sold him a truck,’” Keely said of the local. “And so, we learned that he sold him a truck the same day that they escaped from the Lauderdale County Correctional Facility. And it was just a few hours after they had escaped.” As Casey and the local hammered out the deal, a woman in an orange Ford drove up and the two left together, with Vicky apparently tailing behind her beau, the man recalled to investigators. He also gave cops the truck’s vehicle identification number – which led to their next break. Vicky and Casey then took the truck to Evansville, Indiana, and paid a homeless man to book them a 14-night stay at Motel 41 so they could lay low for a bit and figure out their next move, local cops said previously. But the day after they arrived, the escaped convict ditched the truck at a car wash, which the shop’s owner immediately found suspicious. He phoned police but when they determined the car hadn’t been stolen, they said there was nothing they could do and the truck was towed. Luckily, the cop who’d investigated the truck wrote down its VIN number and four days later, Keely’s team spotted it in a report and sent a squad of marshals down to Evansville. Cops then realized the pair were now using a third vehicle – a Cadillac sedan – and when a deputy saw it at the Motel 41, the marshals set up surveillance of the location. On Monday afternoon, cops saw Vicky, who was wearing a wig, exit the motel with her hulking, 6-foot-9 beau and take off in the Cadillac, which the marshals tailed, resulting in a brief chase that ended when they rammed into the vehicle. “Airbags are gonna go off and kill us!” Vicky was heard yelling in a 911 call as she told Casey they should run. “Get us back to the f—- hotel!” Seconds later, she turned the gun on herself. “Please help my wife, she just shot herself in the head,” Keely said Casey yelled. Authorities confirmed the pair weren’t married. Vicky was later pronounced dead at a hospital and Casey was returned Tuesday night to Alabama. With Post wires