If you’re having broadband problems then there’s a strong chance you’ve put your router in the wrong place. Picking the right spot can be tough, especially when you’re limited with choice based on where the main cable comes into your house. But an expert from USwitch.com has revealed to The Sun exactly where many people may be making matters worse. WiFi routers aren’t exactly the prettiest things so it’s no wonder people try to stuff them away in a cupboard. However, doing this can have a really bad impact on your connection. “It’s probably the most common mistake,” broadband expert Nick Baker said. “Keeping it in a cupboard, in a box under the stairs or tucked away means you’re blocking most of your WiFi signal straight out.” Your WiFi router broadcasts signal in all directions, so the more central, the better. Having it as near the middle of your home as possible is best, then it can reach as many different areas as possible. Putting it somewhere like the windowsill just sends signal outside, which is obviously no use to anyone. If you have a fish tank, avoid putting your router right next to it. “Only if you put the router there and put your fish tank in front of it,” Nick explained. “If there’s a fish tank in the room you’ll be fine, it’s not going absorb all your radio waves, it’s just going to block it like any other piece of furniture.” The same goes for your TV – especially if you have an aerial. If your router is in the kitchen, make sure it’s not near the microwave, as this will really disrupt the connection. Radiators should already be a massive red flag for being a fire hazard. While the heat won’t affect the connection per se, it will just cause the router to break. Before going to all the effort of moving your router around, check that it isn’t the actual broadband service that is the problem. “You should be able to see on your device how many bars you have on your WiFi, so if it’s full bars it might be a problem with your actual broadband connection,” Nick warned. “So before you pull all your wires out and move it around the house, see if your WiFi is strong and run a speed test.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.