Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski did not watch HBO’s “Real Sports” special Tuesday night in which two massage therapists accused Deshaun Watson of sexual misconduct. Watson, traded from Houston to Cleveland this offseason, participated in the Browns’ OTAs on Wednesday. Stefanski was asked by reporters about the accusations. “I read about it,” Stefanski said, noting that he did not watch the program. “We did a lot of work on that. As we’ve talked about, we’ve done a lot of work on Deshaun the person. There’s legal proceedings ongoing. There’s an investigation ongoing so I won’t comment much further than that. We understand, with respect to that, it’s something we’re going to be dealing with as these proceedings go on.” A Harris County, Texas, grand jury opted not to press criminal charges against Watson, who was accused of sexual misconduct by 22 Houston-area massage therapists. Watson still has pending civil litigation and faces potential discipline under the NFL’s Personal Conduct Policy. Speaking with Soledad O’Brien, one accuser, Ashley Solis said Watson put his penis in her hand, and that she pulled her hand away and started crying. A second accuser, Kyla Hayes, said that Watson “did ejaculate,” which she characterized as “mortifying and embarrassing and disgusting.” Watson has repeatedly denied that his sexual encounters with massage therapists were non-consenual. One of his attorneys, Leah Graham, also spoke with HBO for the segment. “It’s 22 women. It’s one lawyer,” Graham said, referring to plaintiffs’ attorney Tony Buzbee, in response to a question about why anyone should believe her client over his numerous accusers. “There’s only one lawyer who was willing to take these cases. And as we know from Ashley Solis’ deposition, Mr. Buzbee was not the first, probably not the second or third lawyer she went to, but he was the only one to take her case. “Why? Not because it had merit, but because he would use these cases to increase his social media following and quite frankly to get on shows like this one.”