Chilling 911 audio appeared to capture former jail boss Vicky White telling her fugitive beau Casey White in her final moments that they should “get out and run” from their car — before allegedly shooting herself in the head as cops close in. “Airbags are going off! Let’s get out and run!” a woman, who is believed to be Vicky, said as sirens blare, according to the audio obtained by NewsNation. Seconds later, the 56-year-old woman turned the gun on herself behind the wheel of the getaway Cadillac in Evansville, Indiana, marking the end of the lovebirds’ 11 days on the lam. On Tuesday night, the Vanderburgh County Coroner’s Office determined that Vicky died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, CBS News reported. “The manner of death has been ruled a suicide,” the coroner’s office said. Newly-released police dashcam video captured the frantic moments Casey, 38, an Alabama convict and capital murder suspect, was arrested following a wild police chase. Vicky was reportedly still breathing and holding the gun when cops arrived at the vehicle, which flipped on its side after being rammed. “She still has the gun in her hands,” one officer is heard saying. “Finger’s on the trigger.” The cop adds: “I’m going to go for the gun first.” Deputy Marshal Chad Hunt, commander of the Gulf Coast Regional Fugitive Task Force, said that Casey quickly surrendered. “His immediate words to our team was, ‘Please help my wife. She just shot herself in the head,'” Hunt told reporters, though authorities said there is no evidence that the two were ever married. Meanwhile, Evansville police Detective Darren Richardson described how he tracked down the fugitives after authorities received a tip that they had been spotted in the Cadillac. “After I got that information, I started checking around local hotels. Some of the places I thought they might be staying,” Richardson told 44News. “I wasn’t able to locate them at that time.” But while he was driving home after his shift, he noticed the duo. “I happened to look over and I saw a Cadillac that matched the description of what the fugitives had,” he told the news outlet, saying he then alerted the US Marshals Service. “He asked me if I could get the license plate. So, I turned back around, swung through the parking lot, and got him the license plate for the vehicle,” Richardson said. “Law enforcement, it’s their job to go out and catch the bad guys, especially when you got two fugitives on the run for as long as they were,” Detective Richardson added. “Especially to find out they were here in Evansville. And to bring closure to the family down in Alabama and just to know the two people we were looking for are now off the streets,” he told 44News. The fugitives — who’d been in a “jailhouse romance” for nearly two years before Vicky broke Casey out of the Lauderdale County jail on April 29 — had been found hiding at the Motel 41 in Evansville, where they paid a local homeless man to rent a room for 14 days, Vanderburgh County Sheriff David Wedding said Tuesday. Paul Shah, the motel’s manager, told 44News that it was “shocking and surprising” that the two ended up at his place. “Why they chose Evansville,” he told the outlet, adding that he only knows that the person who rented their room paid for two weeks. “We saw no suspicious activity,” Shah said. “Nothing.” On Tuesday afternoon, Shah told reporters that Vicky and Casey “were not officially guests here,” the Courier Press reported. He said the renter is a “local person,” but that “cops told me not to release anything until the whole investigation is done.” Casey was reportedly brought back to Alabama on Tuesday night for his first court appearance. At his arraignment, Judge Ben Graves informed him that will be charged with first-degree escape — in addition to capital murder charges he was already facing in connection with the 2015 death of Connie Ridgeway, according to CNN.