Madonna is no longer a virgin to the NFT market. The 63-year-old singer teamed up with nonfungible token extraordinaire Beeple to create a series of X-rated graphics showing her fully nude and giving birth to butterflies, insects and trees. Called “Mother of Creation,” the NFT collection, which will be sold for charity, also includes a 3D model of Madonna’s vagina — which is on full display in cartoon form on the collection’s highly (don’t say we didn’t warn you) NSFW website. “I wanted to investigate the concept of creation, not only the way a child enters the world through a woman’s vagina, but also the way an artist gives birth to creativity,” Madonna said in a statement, noting that “all works were conceived with a 3D scan.” No stranger to posting “unsettling” videos as of late, the first animation, called “Mother of Nature,” shows newly single Madge lying on the ground, legs spread, giving birth to a giant tree — sure to pique the interest of fictosexuals. “In a cold laboratory setting, with no sign of life, an opening gives way to a branch that transforms into a full vibrant tree,” the site reads. “It pushes against gravity and flowers bloom. The tree may bend or even break, but it continues to re-create and flourish. This work features new text by Madonna.” If that wasn’t enough to shock, the second work, called “Mother of Evolution,” shows the “Material Girl” birthing butterflies, which the artists call “one of the most beautiful creations in nature, and a sign of hope.” “The butterflies are a metaphor for the paradox that the world is burning down in a post-apocalyptic scene, but there is still evidence of life,” the site reads. “We continue to give birth, no matter what destruction is going on, no matter what oppression we face. It relays the important message that if you are waiting for the world to be perfect or for your life to be perfect to create art, it will never happen. We have to do it, for our own survival in this chaotic, unpredictable world.” That work also features the Queen of Pop’s song “Justify My Love” along with original music by Igor Bardykin. Rounding out the trifecta of weirdness is yet another video, called “Mother of Technology,” in which Madonna’s lady bits are prominently featured, this time birthing insects to demonstrate “the way science can also give birth light into the world, but only if used with the right consciousness.” “We can do whatever we want, but there are consequences to that. Nature will ultimately win in the end,” the artistic duo declares. According to the website, Madonna and Beeple, whose real name is Mike Winkelmann, collaborated for years on the raunchy “Mother of Creation triptych,” which aims to “represent a different form of birth in our contemporary world.” “When Mike and I decided to collaborate on this project a year ago, I was excited to have the opportunity to share my vision of the world as a mother and an artist with Mike’s own unique point of view,” Madonna says. “It’s been an amazing journey building this together from an intellectual idea to an emotional story, giving birth to art.” “These 3 NFTS are a labor of love a year in the making, as both artists partnered to connect to the idea of creation and motherhood through these visualizations,” the pair adds. Madonna says that “proceeds from the sale will benefit three nonprofits” — the Voices of Children Foundation, the City of Joy and Black Mama’s Bail Out — all of which are “focused on supporting women and children around the world.” The auction opens Wednesday on SuperRare.