Parents across the country are fighting against critical race theory, gender ideology and generally inappropriate lesson plans all while the left denies any of this is being taught at all. A few weeks ago, parents at the Glendale Unified School District in California confronted their school board after they learned that a third-grade teacher had shown their kids videos for Gay Pride Month that included discussions of nudity and sexual arousal. One parent had learned about the lesson and pulled her child from the class. The teacher then reached out to her school administration to see about continuing her lesson plans for two more days, and it assured her that she could in defiance of parental wishes. A parent group calling itself Gender and Our Children: La Canada, Glendale, Burbank +, or Gender LCGB, has organized to fight what’s happening at GUSD as well as neighboring school districts. To make matters worse, Gender LCGB notes, California does not allow opting out from this type of lesson. Some more vocal campaigners against CRT in schools have begun to use the word “grooming” for this push, which has been seized on by the left as a way of reducing — and diverting — the argument to semantics. But even if it does not justify the use of the word grooming — given its pedophilic connotations — what we and our children are seeing is indoctrination. Liberals and their media assistants spent much of 2021 arguing that CRT isn’t taught in schools. In remarks to the American Federation of Teachers TEACH Conference in July, AFT chief Randi Weingarten said, “Let’s be clear: Critical race theory is not taught in elementary schools or high schools. It’s a method of examination taught in law school and college that helps analyze whether systemic racism exists — and, in particular, whether it has an effect on law and public policy,” She was clear…ly lying. As recently as February, ABC News interviewed “Critical race theorists, educators and some parents” who say “the theory isn’t being taught in K-12 classrooms . . . but rather in law schools and higher education courses.” Parents will not be gaslit by lies like this. We know what’s happening. Florida pulled 54 textbooks that, among other things, added questions on racism and implicit bias to mathematics lessons. CRT is a pedagogy that says all subjects must be taught through the lens of race, and that’s exactly what the math books presented. Now the left is pretending that sexuality and gender ideology is similarly not being pushed on young kids in the classroom. It is, and parents know it. Starting in September, first graders in New Jersey will learn, under a new sex-education curriculum, that gender identity is malleable. Seven-year-olds, who we used to understand as being particularly susceptible to suggestion, will hear they can switch genders, be both genders or be neither gender. In Florida, Gov. Ron DeSantis signed the Parental Rights in Education bill into law, enacting a ban on teaching these kinds of inappropriate lessons to children in grades K-3. The bill is popular in the state, even among Democrats. Other states are following Florida’s lead. PEN America, a free-speech organization that opposes laws like these, says, “Since January 2021, 122 educational gag order bills have been introduced or prefiled in 33 different states.” But this actually isn’t a free-speech issue at all. Schools have always had set curricula, and teachers were not free to simply veer off into pet topics or ideologies. The growing movement comes from parents who think teachers and school administrations have strayed way too far from actual academics. Opponents of these bills are caught in their own circular logic. If these topics aren’t taught in schools, then why are the bills even contentious? Two weeks ago, Weingarten appeared on a podcast on which she said about the new laws: “This is propaganda. This is misinformation. This is the way in which wars start.” The destruction of academics and the replacement of math, science and literature with woke theorizing on race and sex is worth fighting against, and parents shouldn’t shy away from it. It is a war. We’re fighting for the culture, and we’re fighting for our kids. And we’ll win. Twitter: @Karol