President Biden’s aides have largely ditched using the Oval Office for press events because of the inability to have a teleprompter permanently installed, forcing them to resort to using a specially outfitted bogus White House set, according to a report on Thursday. Biden, who is known to stumble over his words even while reading from a teleprompter, has been mocked for using the imitation set in the South Court Auditorium of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building across from the White House. The mention of the travails with the teleprompter was tucked deep into a Politico report on Thursday about a possible 2024 rematch between Biden and former President Donald Trump. The report said some of Biden’s allies and other Democrats have expressed concerns privately that the 79-year-old Biden may not be able to handle the rigors of a presidential campaign. It noted that a bone he broke in his foot in November 2020 while playing with his dog is still causing some walking problems for him and has slowed his pace. ”​And the White House has largely abandoned using the Oval Office for press events in part because it can’t be permanently equipped with a teleprompter,” the outlet reported. “Biden aides prefer the fake White House stage built in the Old Executive Office Building next door for events, sacrificing some of the power of the historic backdrop in favor of an otherwise sterile room that was outfitted with an easily read teleprompter screen,” the report said. Some on social media ridiculed the president for using a “literal game show set,” while others accused him of deliberately trying to deceive Americans into thinking he was in the White House. “Why did the White House build a literal game show set complete with fake windows for Joe Biden???” tweeted Abigail Marone, press secretary for Sen. Josh Hawley (R-Mo.). “So weird.” Biden’s challenges with teleprompters are numerous and well documented. On Tuesday, during a speech in Alabama about US military aid to Ukraine, Biden said the US “made sure Russia had Javelins” and praised the successful “Hungarian” resistance to Russia’s invasion. He said: “Just a few days ago, the Wall Street Journal quoted a young Hungarian fighter saying, ‘Without the Javelins, it would have been very hard to stop the enemy pushing ahead.’” The day before he referred to himself as Delaware’s first senator instead of its first president. And he has repeatedly spoken about “President” Kamala Harris. White House press secretary Jen Psaki addressed the need for the faux set in February. “It’s just a place where you can do events, but it’s really not that exciting, it’s kind of just an auditorium,” Psaki said in an interview. “But because of COVID and because the president wasn’t going to travel as much and not as many people were going to come here, he does a lot of events and actually meetings from there,” she said.