Calling all geeks worldwide! The Marvel comics, which spawned the massively successful MCU, is now one of the most successful franchises in the entire world. The latest addition: director Sam Raimi’s “Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness,” starring Benedict Cumberbatch. Spawning an endless array of powerful superheroes, terrifying villains and epic stories, the canon has inspired people all over the world to embrace what makes them unique. Whether you’re a fan of the comics themselves or the 1990s animated series that skyrocketed them to household popularity, the Marvel brand continues to build its empire. With Spider-Man and X-MEN blockbuster films arriving in the early 2000s, we have come a long way with a full-scale multiverse Marvel Cinematic Universe. Now with some of the highest-grossing films in the world as well as some of the biggest hit television series around, the MCU’s growth will reach entirely new heights. So what characters are your favorites? The “Avengers,” “Black Widow,” “Spider-Man,” “The Eternals,” “Hawkeye,” the Scarlet Witch or Doctor Strange? Or the soon to arrive X-MEN? To understand the complex characters in the Marvel universe, The Post spoke exclusively with two of the rising voices in American geekdom: Paul Florez-Taylor — known as the Comic King — and Luke James — known as Pop Media Maven. As a team, we put our heads together to create the definitive list of Marvel characters that align with astrology and the zodiac. Follow the Comic King and Luke James for everything that’s hot in geekdom! The immense world of Marvel has provided a remarkable number of stories and characters that stick with people. From the unforgettable characters of Spider-Man, Captain America, Iron Man and beyond, their stories tell such profound tales that help the viewer escape from reality as they form an intimacy with the characters. We are able to relate to them and their hardships. The best thing about Marvel is that they are able to create a complex and interconnected world with so many characters and plot lines that storytelling possibilities are literally endless. (Look at the upcoming Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness as an example.) Find out which character aligns perfectly with your zodiac sign! Powerful, independent and fearless. Whether she’s coming face-to-face with our favorite southern belle, Rogue, in the comics or taking on Thanos in “Avengers: Endgame,” Carol Danvers is emblematic of the indomitable spirit all Aries possess. Captain Marvel is very aggressive when it comes to her approach to life, but that doesn’t stop her from being a great teammate, fighter, problem-solver and leader. Aries are known for having similar traits. We can’t wait to see Brie Larson, Teyonah Parris and Iman Vellani return in “The Marvels” and become a new iconic trinity for the MCU! No one is more of a Taurus in the Marvel Universe than T’Challa — regal yet humble. He welcomed the Avengers to Wakanda in their darkest hour during “Avengers: Infinity War” and was the leader in the war against Thanos. He is immensely passionate about his beliefs and traditions, and his loyalty to Wakanda will never be forgotten. Is it any wonder this Earth sign represents the best of humanity? We miss you, Chadwick Boseman. Wakanda Forever!  Robert Downey Jr. was born to play Tony Stark. Because, like every Gemini on this planet, Tony Stark doesn’t just walk into a room. He makes an entrance! And we mere mortals are instantly drawn to his bombastic yet coy persona that leaves us wanting more. His utter confidence and charisma can coerce nearly anyone into doing his bidding even though he’s fully capable of doing everything himself. We love you 3000, Tony! Tobey Maguire. Andrew Garfield. Tom Holland. All of their interpretations of Spider-Man embody Cancer’s kinetic and vibrant energy that makes the world a brighter place. Be it Miles Morales or Peter Parker, Spider-Man’s youthful and wide-eyed optimism is the reason why he’s survived against the Sinister Six, the multiverse and a superhero “Civil War.” Every version of Uncle Ben (or Aunt May for Tom Holland’s version) uttered: “With great power comes great responsibility,” and that’s the perfect rule that Spider-Man follows throughout his entire existence. He knows that he carries a large weight on his shoulders and he does his very best to protect the people of New York, the world and his closest friends and family. He never lets his guard down and always has his spider-sense to aid him in tapping into his intuition. Cancers also demonstrate similar characteristics. The god of Thunder is a patron to all Leos. Gorgeous, free-spirited and charming. How else would you describe this fire sign? Is it a coincidence that Chris Hemsworth himself is a Leo? We think not. Being the god of Thunder and son of Odin, we feel like that amount of pride would get to anyone’s head! Thor’s vanity makes sure he tells everyone who he is! Thor is a hallmark of many iconic Avenger stories, and we cannot wait to see Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster wield Mjölnir in “Thor: Love and Thunder.” There is no debating that Steve Rogers is an earth sign. Virgos are hardworking, reliable and kind. They also stick up to bullies and always prioritize others before their own needs. Steve Rogers is one of the most dedicated and persevering individuals in the Marvel Universe and will stop at nothing to show the truth. Not only that, but his loyalty to the people that are closest to him is so strong that he’d stop at nothing to prove their innocence. A prime example is his loyalty to Bucky and how he knew that deep down, he was still his friend from 1930. They can do any task reliably and also know how to love sweetly (even if they’re late to the dance). We stan Jennifer Garner’s portrayal of Elektra in both “Daredevil” and the universally panned film “Elektra.” (Yeah, we said it.) But, quite frankly, much like a Libra, Elektra’s fearless and tenacious attitude is an inspiration to those around them. There is a reason she is always reborn after death. The Libra spirit always endures. Not only can she pack a punch, but her electrifying tenacity allows her to be as charming as she is formidable. Only a true Scorpio would take on the dark arts and be victorious. When a Scorpio encounters a problem, they think outside the box to resolve it — just like Doctor Strange. Determined and elusive, this water sign is notorious for emanating creativity and has a unique sense of self that is unmatched throughout the multiverse. Cool and cunning, Stephen Strange is a perfect mix of both skill and intellect that aids him in knowing how to take down nearly any foe he is up against. All Sagittarians march to the beat of their own drums, and it’ll be a cold day in hell before they’ll accept a first offer. Wolverine’s no-nonsense attitude epitomizes the ever-enduring Sagittarius spirit which values being the best at what you do and getting the job done right, so they have more time to enjoy their beer and quality time with their chosen family. Logan is also not afraid to be a lone ranger and travel on the lesser followed trail. With his healing factor, he is rebellious and immensely hard to tame because he fears no one. Sagittarius also presents with many of those characteristics Bulletproof, unbeatable and bringing strength to those around them. Like all Capricorns, Luke Cage is tough not just physically but spiritually as well. There is no obstacle he can’t overcome. Capricorns are the beating heart of whichever team they find themselves in. Apollonian in nature, they have a go-to bestie, a cheesy catchphrase and are always down to be hired for a job that helps others. It is fact that Aquarians are exceptional souls and incredibly independent. Anyone who has read Frank Miller’s “Born Again” storyline knows that Matt Murdock emanates Aquarius energy because nothing stands between him and his goal. Despite Matt Murdock not being able to see, that never stops him from any obstacle (except maybe reading). With his echolocation abilities, he is not only observant of his atmosphere but also remarkably calculating and draws in every detail he finds to help him during a conflict. Sidebar: How excited were you to see Charlie Cox in “Spider-Man: No Way Home”? Big things are on the horizon. Like all Pisces, Wanda is a daydreamer. After all, she cultivated an entire reality where she had a happy family and childcare with Vision that wasn’t even real. However, that doesn’t detract from the fact that all Pisces have known hardship and, like their water element, can be fluid and adaptable to whatever hurdles come up in life. Pisces, and Wanda Maximoff, will not shy away from vocalizing or showing their emotions. Even with all the downfalls Wanda had to endure, she was able to persevere over any obstacle. The Scarlet Witch was already popular in the comics for decades — we love her in “West Coast Avengers” and “Force Works” — but there is no doubt Elizabeth Olsen made our favorite witch a household name. The multiverse better prepare! Special thanks to Paul Florez-Taylor and Luke James for collaborating with me on this article! Comic Book King Paul Florez founded and hosts the “Power of X-Men” podcast, a show dedicated to all things Marvel in comics, movies and pop culture. He previously worked at Marvel Entertainment and HarperCollins, and his writing has appeared in the Huffington Post, The Advocate, Slice Magazine, HelloGiggles, Queerty, Gay.com, Burrow Press, The Liar’s League, Dead Rabbits and Wizard Magazine. Luke James is an artist and cosplayer with a special soft spot for everything MCU. He’s all about everything in geekdom, especially “Avatar” and Pokémon. In his spare time, he’s either in the gym hitting the weights or learning chaos magic in practice to become the next Scarlet Witch. Professionally, he protects the public by being a real-life superhero as a firefighter. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.