CHICAGO — Nestor Cortes continues to be a one-of-a-kind show. From his lightning-quick pace, to his unique repertoire and, for most of the last two seasons, his superb results, the lefty is doing things almost no one else in the game seems to be able to pull off. Cortes was again at the top of his game in the Yankees’ 5-1 win over the White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field on Sunday. They won despite finishing the game with only two hits and haven’t lost consecutive games in more than a month, since April 10-11. He tossed a career-high eight innings — one start after setting the mark with 7 ¹/₃ innings — and made Chicago look nearly as hapless as the Rangers in his last outing, when he took a no-hitter into the eighth. “I told him that was good, even for him,’’ Aaron Boone said after the Yankees beat the White Sox for the third time in four games. “It was another special outing. He was in complete control.” After a first-inning single by Luis Robert, Cortes retired 15 straight hitters before Tim Anderson ended the streak with a line-drive single to center with two outs in the sixth. By then, the Yankees had a three-run lead thanks to some patient at-bats in the top of the second, which allowed them to take advantage of some wildness from Chicago right-hander Michael Kopech — who came into the game with an ERA of 0.93 and retired the first five batters of the game. Kopech’s command abandoned him in the second, as a two-out walk to Joey Gallo, a single by Isiah Kiner-Falefa and a walk by Jose Trevino loaded the bases for Aaron Hicks, who worked a walk to force in Gallo with the game’s first run. The Yankees added two more runs in the inning without another hit, as Kopech followed with another walk, this one to DJ LeMahieu, scoring Kiner-Falefa. And with Aaron Judge at the plate and the bases still loaded, a Kopech wild pitch allowed Trevino to come home to make it 3-0. “Walks are not as valued, but they can start innings like that and it was with two outs,’’ Gallo said. “It gives the next guy a chance. It seemed like after that inning, the game was in our hands the rest of the way.” That’s mostly because of Cortes. “He can do anything,’’ Trevino said. Prior to the game, Boone said the 27-year-old has “been one of the best pitchers in the game.” Cortes brushed off his manager’s praise, saying, “There [are] a lot of good pitchers out there. I just try to do my part.” His ability to keep batters off-balance by using excellent location and all four of his pitches effectively helps set him apart — as does the fact he works as fast as any pitcher in the game. “It’s fun,’’ Josh Donaldson said of playing behind Cortes. “I feel like I can barely get from the dugout to the field in time and he’s ready to go.” Cortes didn’t walk a batter and allowed just three hits — including an eighth-inning homer to Adam Engel for Chicago’s only run. “He forced them to start swinging the bat and we were making plays behind him,’’ said Donaldson, who made a great diving play to his right to rob Josh Harrison in the sixth and was solid throughout the afternoon. “You could tell [Cortes] was feeling it. There was no indecision.” His overall dominance meant the Yankees took a 3-1 lead into the ninth- despite just one hit to that point. Gallo ripped a two-run shot to provide some cushion and Clay Holmes pitched the bottom of the inning to finish the win.