Dave Chappelle’s alleged on-stage attacker was hit with just misdemeanor charges Thursday, after the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office handed off the case, saying the high-profile incident did not warrant felony charges. The DA’s office had been investigating the case against 23-year-old Isaiah Lee as a felony charge — but referred it early in the day Thursday to the LA City Attorney’s Office to be considered for “misdemeanor filing,” a spokesman said. “After reviewing the evidence, prosecutors determined that while criminal conduct occurred, the evidence as presented did not constitute felony conduct,” a spokesman for the DA’s office said. “The District Attorney’s Office does not prosecute misdemeanor crimes within the city of Los Angeles.” A few hours later, the LA City Attorney slapped Lee with four misdemeanor counts: one of battery, one for possessing a deadly weapon with intent to assault, another for unauthorized access to the stage area during a performance and a fourth for commission of an act that delays the event or interferes with the performer. Lee was originally arrested for assault with a deadly weapon after allegedly tackling Chappelle while carrying a strange knife that looks like a handgun at the Hollywood Bowl on Tuesday night. The wannabe rapper was filmed knocking the famous comedian to the floor before security was able to pounce on him. Lee was hospitalized briefly for injuries he sustained during the incident and was later booked into jail on $30,000 bail. Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascón’s decision not to file a felony case against Lee has already triggered some criticism, including those from inside his office who are supporting a recall movement against the top prosecutor. “Anyone who arms themselves with a deadly weapon, in this case a knife, and violently attacks an innocent person, famous or not, should be charged accordingly,” Deputy District Attorney Jon Hatami said. “With only a misdemeanor charge, the person could be released soon, with only a slap on the wrist. That fails to provide justice to the victim, accountability for this person’s actions and safety to the general public. These concepts, however, like public safety and justice, that most of us value, are concepts George Gascón can care less about.” Steve Cooley, who was the Los Angeles County DA from 2000 to 2012, said prosecutors had to consider several factors before rejecting the case. “If the knife was metal, it could’ve been the basis for a felony assault with a deadly weapon,” Cooley told The Post. “If it was just rubber, then you have a different kettle of fish. They also have to consider if the assailant had access to the weapon at the time he knocked Chappelle over. If he didn’t have access to it at the time, it’s probably not a felony, but a misdemeanor battery.” Cooley said prosecutors also could have considered filing a felony “assault by means of force likely to produce great bodily harm.” “In this case, I saw that tackle and that was a very serious forcible assault … and he did have a weapon with him,” Cooley said.  “I could see a factual setting where he could be filed for a felony.”