He’s just like (Magic) Mike. A male stripper claimed he looks so much like Channing Tatum that his lovers yell out the actor’s name during sex. Will Parfitt — who performs in a “Magic Mike”-inspired dance troupe — took to TikTok to reveal the raunchy anecdote in a clip that has clocked up 1.2 million views. “Last night we were shagging and I heard you say, ‘Oh Channing,’ when you know my name is Will,” the 31-year-old doppelgänger captioned his viral video. Hundreds of viewers took to the comments section beneath the cheeky clip, with some saying Parfitt was even hotter than the 42-year-old Tatum. “Sorry but you’re so much more attractive than Channing … and I love Channing,” one female follower fawned. “Channing’s got nothing on you! Team Will all the way,” another randy woman chimed in. Tatum has yet to address the viral video, as he is currently in London filming the third installment of the “Magic Mike” movies. The upcoming flick, “Magic Mike’s Last Dance,” is set to be the third and final entry in the stripper series. However, Parfitt would certainly be perfect for a prequel, with the look-alike — who resides in Melbourne, Australia — garnering 4.9 million TikTok followers, thanks to his uncanny resemblance to Tatum. And the similarities between the pair run more than skin deep, with their life stories also resembling one another’s to some degree. Both Parfitt and Tatum began their stripping careers after being randomly spotted by club promoters while out on the town. But while Tatum went on to conquer Hollywood, Parfitt hasn’t revealed any aspirations to appear on the silver screen, saying he is paid handsomely for his exotic dancing. The stripper told the Daily Mail Australia that he can earn more than $3,000 in a single weekend. The Tatum look-alike said he frequently dresses up in a variety of different outfits to fulfill women’s fantasies. “The girls get to choose what we wear,” he stated. “They can have a policeman, fireman or a ‘Magic Mike’ show. I have been a soccer player and a karate instructor, but it’s up to them really.” Parfitt usually performs for bachelorette parties, but said clients can often be older. The dirty dancer disclosed he has even performed for an 80-year-old grandmother. However, he’s not the only male stripper to satisfy a senior citizen. Back in December 2019, an 89-year-old nursing home resident was treated to a performance by an exotic dancer after she requested a raunchy routine as a Christmas present.