The Phillies were supposed to be in the hunt in what was supposed to be a tight and tough NL East race, but so far there’s only one real race involving Philly, and that’s the ongoing competition between their offense and defense. Specifically, can their excellent hitters possibly score enough runs to overcome the number of runs their terrible defenders let in? So far, even that isn’t much of a competition. Philly’s vaunted lineup, led by defending NL MVP Bryce Harper, who is again putting up big numbers, is very good. However, it would have to be the ’27 Yankees to make up for all their myriad issues in the field. The Phillies stand dead last in MLB in DRS (defensive runs saved) at negative-28 runs. Which technically means, they’ve saved no runs on balance, and given away 28. The Mets have been nothing short of terrific, building an eight-game lead in the division (and 9 ½ over the Phillies) here on Memorial Day weekend, the time teams start taking an accounting of things. However, that lead is as much a reflection on the stunningly mediocre starts of the defending-champion Braves and these Phillies, who keep throwing money — $230 million at last count — at problems that just won’t go away. The Braves have been hampered by underperformance, a fairly common occurrence for a team on a World Series hangover. The Phillies, well, they have just been awful, so bad in some areas you have to wonder if they can dig themselves out of it. Phillies manager Joe Girardi nodded that he’s as surprised as most to see his team fall so far behind the Mets so fast. “They’ve played very well, we have been very inconsistent,” Girardi said. “For us to make a run at them … we need to start taking advantage of miscues by other clubs, and not make them ourselves.” They’ve had some doozies. Mainly, the problem is their defenders don’t exhibit much range. But sometimes it’s like the Keystone Cops for the Keystone team. There was the wild pitch that turned into an error in center field, which longtime Phillies Hall of Fame writer Jayson Stark, who chronicles oddities, thought might be a first in baseball history. It occurred when catcher J.T. Realmuto threw down to second to try to stop base-runner Dansby Swanson from stealing. The toss was too high for second baseman Jean Segura, evaded shortstop Bryson Stott, who was backing up, and somehow got past center fielder Odubel Herrera, as the Braves scored the go-ahead run. Then, Saturday night here, left fielder Kyle Schwarber and Herrera collided on a drive by Francisco Lindor, resulting in a gift triple in an 8-2 Mets victory. With Girardi’s contract up after the year, his seat may be as warm as almost any. He was viewed as a potential savior when ownership tabbed him, but Philly fans are said to be growing impatient, not a shock since they are seven games under in his two-plus years, including 21-26 this year. His team has sometimes seemed moribund to the tough crowd there. “When you’re not scoring runs, and not winning,” Girardi contended, “sometimes it looks like there’s no energy. But there’s energy here. Perception isn’t reality.” The reality is, too many mistakes are being made. Harper, who somehow is unaffected at bat by a ligament tear in his elbow, won’t be able to play the outfield until at least August. That means that one of their two or three average or better defenders has to DH, occupying the hitter position that best suits three or four others on the team. The Phillies’ defense was expected be a weakness, but the hope was that they could hit their way out of it. But while Harper is putting up similar numbers to his second MVP season despite the elbow tear, team higher-ups seem to have expected more out of the offense that currently stands a solid eight in runs with 212 and 10th in OPS at .720. They certainly have invested enough in it. Beyond the $330 million for Harper, a bargain, they spent $100 million this winter for Nick Castellanos and $79 million for Schwarber, two extraordinary offensive players who are putting together rather mundane starts. Schwarber has a 103 OPS plus, Castellanos 109. Mets manager Buck Showalter, who lost out for the Phillies job to Girardi (insiders say they believe ownership wanted Girardi all along) characteristically pointed out the season has scarcely begun — which might actually be a bad thing for the Phillies. “We’ve barely played the first quarter of the season. Whatever has happened can flip very quickly,” Showalter said. “There are so many good teams in our division. They will find their level.” The Phillies have to hope this isn’t their level, because it’s a lot lower than anyone expected, including the tough crowd there.