It’s that time of year again (you know, when the warm weather rises and hunting for the best bikinis becomes your second full-time job). We get it, and not just because we have dozens of bikinis in our now-overflowing closet bins. Though we love one-piece swimwear, bikinis are the quintessential summer staple that, impressively, come in a variety of styles to suit your body type — making you feel and look great. The New York Posgt compiled the hottest list for the hottest season: the best bikini brands of summer 2022. From Amazon and Frankies to Aerie and Madewell, these retailers are all making us swoon. Paired with the beach cover-ups on our wishlists (not to mention, beach chairs and beach umbrellas for long hours outside — and, of course, facial sunscreens and moisturizers with SPF for protection), these bikinis are pure magic — and we can’t wait to rock them this season. Abercrombie’s having a comeback (though we don’t think its cult-favorite classic styles ever left). We’re adoring the brand’s Terry 90s Halter Bralette Swim Top ($34) paired with the Terry Cut-Out High-Waist Leg Cheeky Bottoms ($30). Moreover, much like the brand’s Curve Love Jeans (which we reviewed and loved), its swimwear line doesn’t skip on the curvy girls. The Curve Love Straight-Neck Swim Top ($25) and matching Mid-Rise High-Leg Moderate Bottoms ($25) both have the most precious blue floral print and are especially fitting for larger bust sizes. What’s more, the Terry Upside Down Halter Triangle Bikini Top ($34) and Terry Tall-Side High-Leg Cheeky Bottoms ($26) are super on-trend right now (especially with their sky blue colorway). Without a doubt, Aerie has some of the sweetest styles for summer (with most sets less than $50!) Some of our favorites include the tropical vacation-ready String Triangle Bikini Top ($21) and much-loved Crossover High-Cut Cheeky Bikini Bottom ($21) to match, along with the precious Waffle Scalloped Longline Triangle Bikini Top ($26) with the matching High-Waisted Bikini Bottom ($22). One of the most unique bikinis we’ve found (and great if you’re seeking a solid-colored staple for your collection) is the brand’s Tassel Plunge Bikini Top ($22) and cuter-than-ever Cut-Out High-Waisted Cheeky Bikini Bottom ($21). It’s too adorable to keep quiet about. If you’re in the mood for a sweet splurge, we 100% need to put Agua Bendita on your radar. The brand has some of our personal wear-all-the-time styles, including its Calista Bikini Top ($132) and dainty Isabella Bikini Bottom ($121). We also can’t stop raving about the Lucille Bikini Top ($106) and the pink-and-orange-printed Isabella Bikini Bottom ($92). Aside from being sold at Revolve, you can find Agua Bendita at Anthropologie, too. Some of the styles on our to-buy lists include the Irene Swim Top ($110) and peach-and-navy-embossed Lana Swim Bottoms ($95). The styles instantly transport us to the Caribbean, which is even more reason to justify your treat-yourself moment. OK, if you’ve been sleeping on Amazon — it’s time to wake up. The sells-everything retailer we all know and love has hidden gems as far as bikinis go, including the best-selling Mooslover High-Waisted Bikini ($26) and Blooming Jelly High-Waisted Bikini ($28). We’re still heart-eyes over the best Amazon swimsuits under $35 we rounded up, with some of our favorites being the red-hot Ruuhee’s Push-Up Bikini ($10) and Barbie-inspired Pink Queen’s High-Waisted Twist Bikini ($13). It’s difficult to pick a favorite bikini brand, but Cupshe is at the top of our list. How could you pass all the Instagram-worthy cute sets up that are (1) affordable and (2) standout for summer? Specifically, we love the beach-ready Flourishing Floral Scalloped Set ($30) that comes in a decadent teal color and hugs in all the right places. Also coming in hot is the brand’s Polka Dot and Floral Twist Bikini ($33), the mixed-patterned, cranberry two-piece we’ve all been waiting for. If you love artful prints and dreamy pastels, you’ll adore Cupshe’s Spring Macaron One-Shoulder Bikini ($24) and Artistic Flower Bikini ($29) just as much. As one of the most-looked-for brands on the market, Frankies Bikinis is a retailer to rave about. Designed for all types of wear (whether it’s lounging by the pool or taking a dip in the ocean), its subtly sexy styles are highly coveted and oh-so-worth-it. At the top of our list is the brand’s Harlow Terry Halter Bikini Top ($100) and matching Katarina Terry Cheeky Bikini Bottom ($90) — the set you’ll wear 24/7 this summer. Plus, its beautiful lavender Sky Plisse String Bikini Top ($85) and cheeky String Bikini Bottoms ($80) make up that compliment-worthy two-piece worth snagging. If you love red and pink floral prints, you’ll want to grab the Hope Floral Triangle Bikini Top ($90) and poolside-perfect Windward Floral Skirt ($130) ASAP. Our readers love J.Crew, and for a good reason — they don’t skip on the classics, but they don’t forego the trends. One of our must-buy bikinis is the new Wide Rib-O String Bikini Top ($68) and matching Wide-Rib Mini Swim Shorts ($78) for a two-piece set you can take with you fresh out of the ocean and onto the boardwalk. Plus, the unbeatable blue-and-white-swirl Crossback Underwire Bikini Top ($78) and High-Rise Bikini Bottom ($68) is a new take on nautical that caught our eye, along with the timeless — yet vibrant — 1993 Ratti Golden Paisley Bikini Top ($88) and fabulous Hipster Bikini Bottoms ($78). Lulus has our heart — whether we’re shopping for nude heels, linen pants or seamless bodysuits. And, its bikini selection is just as good. Steal the following before they’re gone: Hit the Waves Pink Knotted Tie-Back Bikini Top ($29) and Chasing Waves Pink High-Waisted Bikini Bottoms ($25). You’ll feel your best in this posh two-piece, and that’s the goal (truly). We love Lulus’ Sunbather White Floral Print Tie-Back Bandeau Bikini Top ($36) with the matching Mid-Rise Bikini Bottoms ($29), along with the well-structured Stay Salty Perwinkle Blue Ribbed Bikini Top ($36) and the Vitamin Sea Ribbed Bikini Bottoms ($29) to complete the look. Madewell: the Queen Bee for Classics, and the ringleader for simplistic, minimal-minded bikinis. Shop the beige palm-tree-printed Second Wave Underwire Bikini Top ($45) and paired Classic Bikini Bottoms ($40), or the Calabria Bandeau Bikini Top ($50) and matching Casablanca Bikini Bottoms ($50) if you’re feeling sky-blue with a hint of tangerine. Also stellar for summer? Madewell’s top-rated Second Wave Balconette Bikini Top ($50) and Curved-Waisted Bikini Bottoms ($45), both of which have the most striking brushed seashell print that screams “it’s time to tan.” Oh, how much we adore Revolve — from the best shorts and white dresses to waitlist-inducing blazers and wedding essentials. Namely, Camila Coelho’s Harbor Top ($88) and matching bottoms ($78) are the definition of the perfect purple suit. If you want a universal white two-piece to wear over and over again, pick up the best-selling Indah Ruched Tube Top ($84) and Bali Med Coverage Bottom ($88) to add some texture and pizzazz to your look. Additionally, we recommend KYA’s Coco Reversible Bikini Top ($85) and matching bottoms ($85) — a nude and black, turning-heads set that deserves all the fire emojis we can muster. Some dub SHEIN to be hit or miss (which, from personal experence, it can be), but its swimwear never disappoints. The Multicolor Underwire Bikini is a steal for just $10, as is the Floral Ruffle Trim Bikini for just $2 more. The Allover Floral Knot Bikini (also $12) is the black and flower-printed two-piece we’ve been looking for, too. We recommend picking up one for every day of the week while you’re at it — once you start, you won’t be able to stop. Target has been a game-changer for women’s bikinis for years, and for a good reason — they’re accessible, affordable and come in prints and colors for every summer day on the calendar. For options to buy in a single add-to-cart motion, Kona Sol’s Faux Wrap Bikini Top ($14) and  High-Waist Bikini Bottoms ($14) have the loveliest black and tropical-floral print to snag. Plus, Xhilaration’s Ribbed Triangle Bikini Top ($11) and matching String Bikini Bottom ($11) come in a variety of colors to add to your solid-colored collection. For a more bordered look with another color looped into your two-piece, pick up the Xhilaration Stitched Trim Triangle Bikini Top ($13) and matching Cheeky Bikini Bottoms ($13) for that purple and pink duo we can’t get enough of. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.