A pro-choice protester in a “Handmaid’s Tale” getup justified rallying outside Amy Coney Barrett’s home by saying the Supreme Court justice doesn’t understand what it’s like “to carry a pregnancy to term” — even though she’s given birth to five kids. The unidentified protester was one of six in red smocks and white bonnets who marched outside Barrett’s home in Falls Church, Virginia, on Wednesday, according to a video obtained by Fox News Digital. The protester initially argued that Barrett, one of the justices expected to overturn national abortion rights given by Roe v. Wade, was biased by her devout Catholicism impeding her “ability to write sound legal” rulings. “It’s also possible that the fact that she’s an adoptive mother is influencing her inability to see what it’s like to carry a pregnancy to term,” the protester at the head of the group argued. The reporter interviewing her immediately pointed out that as well as her two adopted children, Barrett, 50, has also “had five kids” biologically. “Not everybody wants to have five kids or four kids or one kid,” the protester said, completely ignoring the clear contradiction in her earlier argument. She also distanced herself from other pro-choice groups that have called for supporters to target Catholic services as part of protests of the expected overturning of Roe. “Not all Catholics are anti-choice, so it would make no sense to protest an entire an entire religion,” she said. Another protester in the same “Handmaid’s Tale” outfit — inspired by Margaret Atwood’s dystopian 1985 novel in which women are forced to give birth against their will — carried a sign saying, “Keep your rosaries off my ovaries.” Still, she insisted that the group has “no problem with Catholicism” but was instead emphasizing the importance of a “separation of church and state.” “So somebody’s religion, no matter what that might be, cannot dictate how they carry out their job as a public official,” the second protester said. Plans to take protests directly to the Supreme Court justices’ homes — even posting their addresses online — sparked widespread outrage, including among Barrett’s neighbors, Fox News Digital noted. One neighbor who has lived there for 22 years said that the Barretts are “scared, and they wanted prayers.” “The whole neighborhood’s been supportive of that,” said the neighbor, who only gave a first name, Julie. Despite the outrage, the White House has defended the protests, with exiting press secretary Jen Psaki saying they “believe of course in peaceful protests.”