RALEIGH, N.C. — The Rangers have become the storm that is carrying them to the Eastern Conference Final. After blowing away the Hurricanes with a dominant 6-2 win in Game 7 of their second-round series Monday night, the Rangers will now get a crack at the reigning back-to-back champions, the Lightning, in their first trip to the Eastern Conference Final in seven years. There was no rallying from behind in this one. No multi-goal holes to climb out of. This was a decisive victory from the Rangers, who were far and away the better team on the ice from start to finish. Maybe they were able to tap into all the desperation they’ve had to have this postseason. Maybe they were fueled by the overwhelming sea of fans in blue in certain corners of PNC Arena, and how they had much more to cheer for than their red-and-black wearing counterparts. Maybe, just maybe, the Rangers are peaking at the right time. They certainly have looked like it in their last two of five total elimination games in these playoffs. “Backs against the wall five times now and we’ve come through all five,” said Adam Fox, who’s goal and assist in the win brought his total to 10 points (two goals and eight assists) in five elimination games this season, which is the most by a defenseman in a single playoff year in NHL history. “Definitely want to keep this momentum going into the next round.” The Rangers seemed to get to every puck first and find ways to get it to the net. Goalie Igor Shesterkin did the rest. With 36 saves in the series-clinching victory, Shesterkin was largely impenetrable until former Blueshirt Tony DeAngelo spoiled the Rangers star goalie’s shutout bid with a power-play goal in the third period. Things unraveled for Carolina, who had previously been undefeated at home this postseason, rather quickly. After the Rangers scored two power-play goals in the first period, Hurricanes goalie Antti Raanta appeared to pull his groin while trying to get in front of a Mika Zibanejad shot later in the middle frame. Raanta needed to be helped to the Hurricanes locker room and that brought in third-string netminder Pyotr Kochetkov. What felt like seconds later, Ryan Strome welcomed Kochetkov to the game with a goal off the rush to give the Rangers a 3-0 lead. “We don’t go away,” said Chris Kreider, who scored twice to become just the fourth Ranger in franchise history to record multiple tallies in a Game 7. “Regardless of the score, regardless of where our games at. We just keep on trying to find our game, keep on trying to find our game, keep working and playing for each other.” Filip Chytil buried one from in front of the Hurricanes’ net in the third for his fifth goal of the playoffs and third in the last two elimination games. Andrew Copp then scored into an empty net, and with the Rangers heading to the conference final, the 2022 second-round pick the Rangers sent to Winnipeg in exchange for the forward now becomes a first since Copp played in 50 percent of their games. The Rangers are surely happy to send that draft selection to the Jets for what they’ve gotten out of Copp and for a chance to keep this wondrous playoff run going. In the hours leading up to their fifth do-or-die game of the playoffs, Strome and Jacob Trouba proclaimed that the Rangers did not care for the underdog narratives that have hovered over them. They said they don’t need the “us-against-the-world” mentality. They have Shesterkin, and a belief in themselves as a team that has known no bounds since the postseason began earlier this month. The Rangers braved a hurricane. Now, they’ll have to survive lightning.