The Jets traded with the Giants to move up in the second round of the draft on April 29 to nab Iowa State running back Breece Hall. As he begins to prepare for his rookie NFL season, Hall takes a timeout for some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: How did “Breece the Beast” begin? A: I kind of got that name in middle school, and I put it as my Instagram handle, and all my friends and family started calling me that. Q: Describe your on-field mentality. A: Every time I step out onto the field, I feel like I have the mentality that I’m the best player and that I can control the game. Q: Describe the transformation once you run through the tunnel and step on the field. A: Once I get on the field, it turns just from Breece to the whole Breece the Beast thing. … Just have that mentality that, like I said, I’m the best player and I can’t be stopped, and just no one person can take me down. Q: What is the biggest obstacle or adversity you’ve had to overcome? A: At Iowa State just living in a small college town and being the face of the program, you don’t really have any privacy, so that whole thing. Q: How was that lack privacy difficult for you? A: I wouldn’t say it was so difficult, but it just got kind of like irritating at times, just people always knowing what your car looks like, who you are, where you are. … It wasn’t anything bad, it just gets frustrating sometimes when you can’t be a normal person. Q: You felt like a big fish in a small pond at Ames? A: Yeah. Q: Now you’ll be a big fish in a big pond. A: (Laugh) Yeah. Thank God. Q: What drives you? A: I think I’m self-driven, but also I feel like I’m driven to prove everybody right, just because of the expectations I have on myself and that my friends and family have on me. Q: At the Combine, when Falcons coach Arthur Smith asked you what a family member would say to describe you, you said “Different.” How are you different on the field and off the field? A: On the field I feel like I play different from a lot of players. I could do all things on the field — catch, run, throw it if I need to. I’m a playmaker, I feel like I’m a human eraser in a way. If a guy makes a mistake, I feel like sometimes I can correct a mistake and make a guy miss or spring a big play if nothing’s there. Off the field, the way I go about my whole life, just really being a people person, always trying to get in the community for the kids, the youth, and just being interactive and really social. Q: When you say human eraser, are you talking about mistakes made by an offensive player or a defensive player? A: Both. Q: What adjectives would you use to describe off the field? A: I’d say outgoing … laid-back. … I don’t like to do too much, but I’m not like really boring either, so it just depends on the time, how I’m feeling, what the situation is. I like to be around my friends and family, just having a good time with them. Q: Adjectives on the field? A: Violent … competitive. Q: What is your definition of violent on the field? A: Just with the way I play with power, not scared to stick my head in there, run somebody over, stick my head in there and block, just those type of things. Q: Who are running backs you’ve admired? A: Christian McCaffrey, Saquon Barkley, LaDainian Tomlinson, Le’Veon Bell, Marshawn Lynch, Arian Foster … so many, I can’t even name ’em all. Q: I’ve seen you compared to Le’Veon. A: I like it, it’s good (laugh). Q: Do you agree with it? And why is it good? A: Just because of the patience he has and the power he plays with. Also he’s really shifty, and I feel like I have all those three dimensions to my game. Q: Are there running backs now that remind you of you? A: Alvin Kamara. Q: How so? A: Just ’cause he’s really smooth. He makes it look effortless, and I feel like I do that in a way. Q: Some of your fellow draftees: What stands out to you about Ahmad “Sauce” Gardner? A: I trained with Sauce for like 2 ¹/₂ months for Combine training, so I’ve been knowing him for a little while. He brings energy to the room that he walks in. Real funny, real goofy, so I enjoy being around him a lot. Q: Thoughts on him as a player? A: You don’t see too many DBs his size, so I just say he’s elite, he’s different. Q: Garrett Wilson? A: He’s the top receiver in the draft. Q: Jermaine Johnson II? A: I trained with over Combine training as well, and we’re also in the same agency. He’s really confident in himself, he’s really laid-back, but he’s a real cool dude. On the field, he’s real twitchy, and he’s a beast. Q: What do you know about Zach Wilson? A: He’s a baller. Q: If you could pick the brain of any running back in NFL history, who would it be? A: Can I pick two? Q: Sure. A: I’d say Marshawn Lynch and Bo Jackson. … They’re about what they’re about, and they don’t change for anybody. It would just be cool to pick their brain and see why they went about things the way they did and how they went about things. Q: Curtis Martin is a Hall of Fame Jets running back. A: I haven’t watched too many clips on his playing style or anything yet, but I’m definitely gonna do that here soon. Q: If you could go one-on-one in the open field against any defensive player in NFL history, who would it be? A: I’m gonna choose a safety, so probably Tyrann Mathieu. Q: Former 49ers running back Roger Craig is your cousin? A: He’s always been there, he’s always there to cheer me on. He texts me after every game, he always tells me if I have a question or if I want to call, just to call or text away. Q: What do you think of his style after watching clips of him? A: He runs with really high knees, breaks a lot of tackles, was really elusive. And he could catch too, so he did it all. Q: Have any inspirational or motivational sayings you like? A: No, but it’s really just something that my college coach, Coach Matt Campbell would always tell me. He just told me that talent is never enough. I just always remind myself that even though I might be the most talented that my work ethic always matters. Q: Why do you think he would make a good NFL head coach? A: Just his whole mentality, he’s about finding players, helping them develop and getting the best out of them, and he’s about guys buying into a culture and a standard and upholding that. So I just feel like just the type of person and how competitive he is, he’d be a great college or NFL coach. He’s the most competitive person, but he also cares about you outside of football, and that’s why he’s able to get the best out of his players. Q: What was your best Iowa State moment? A: Upsetting the Oklahomas and Oklahoma States, beating teams like that. … My best memories, it wasn’t even on-the-field stuff, it was off-the-field stuff — just being around the guys, taking trips, going bowling, just doing those little things to make those relationships tighter. All the on-the-field’s stuff always gonna be good, but it’s really the off-the-field stuff that matters the most. Q: What was your best single run in college or in high school? A: I’ve had the runs that you think they’re gonna be a loss of 5 and I gained 10, or you think it’s gonna be a gain of 5 and I steal for 60. There’s all different types of runs, but my most meaningful one was probably the one where I set the touchdown record [scoring in 24 consecutive games], so that was a blessing. … And then probably my touchdown when I scored a game-winner versus Oklahoma my sophomore year, and then game-winner versus Oklahoma State my junior year, so those were really meaningful. Q: What kind of a touchdown dance are you going to have for your first NFL touchdown? A: (Laugh) I still don’t know yet. I can’t dance so I’m gonna have to figure it out. Q: What will it be like playing on the New York stage? A: I feel like it comes with more expectations, which is just gonna push me to want to be better, want to be a better person and player, so I’m excited for it. Q: You’ve never been to New York City. What are you looking forward to seeing? A: I’m just looking forward to be in a big city, just to see what all that has to offer. Q: You grew up in Wichita or Omaha? A: Both. I lived parts of my life in Omaha, Nebraska, and Wichita, Kansas. We were living in Omaha with just me, my mom and my sister, and then my mom met my stepdad and eventually felt like it was gonna be the best situation for us to move to Wichita, so we’ve been there since I was in sixth grade. Q: Have you witnessed a tornado? A: Yeah, plenty of times. In Kansas and Nebraska it’s pretty normal, so you take the precaution and everything, but when you hear the tornado sirens, it’s just like a, “Oh, whatever” type of thing, we’re so used to it, so it’s nothing too crazy. Q: You’ve seen one in the distance? A: Yeah. Q: Did it do any damage? A: I’m sure it did to that area, but not around anywhere where I was. Q: Describe your mother, Larhonda. A: She was strict but fair, always on her P’s and Q’s, and making sure we’re always on our P’s and Q’s. She’s been my rock, my best friend, she’s really outgoing, she’s really funny. But when it’s time to get serious, she don’t play. She’s a class act as well, she instilled all her core values into me and my sister as well. She always preached to me that school and your responsibilities at home come before sports. She’s always told me that talent isn’t everything, so she’s always tried to instill that work ethic in me as well. Q: What do you have in mind regarding community involvement? A: When I was at Iowa State, we did everything from going to Boys & Girls Clubs to going to Home Depot and passing out desks to doing free autograph signings, just all those little things. Q: Three dinner guests? A: LeBron [James], Muhammad Ali, Barack Obama. Q: Why Muhammad Ali? A: Just because I feel like he’s had a huge impact on the world. He wasn’t scared to speak his mind and say what he felt. I feel like he was real big in the community, and just watching documentaries and movies about him, it seemed like he was like a really huge character, so it would be cool to sit down with him and pick his brain. Q: Favorite movie? A: The “Fast and Furious” series. Q: Favorite actor? A: Will Smith. Q: Favorite actress? A: Margot Robbie. Q: Favorite singer/entertainer? A: Drake. Q: Favorite meal? A: Some good wings. Q: What kind of an impact do you think you can make as a rookie? A: I feel like I can come in and have a really big impact, really just coming in and complement Michael [Carter] and just be another outlet for Zach to get the ball to. I know the coaches are gonna have big expectations on me, I’m gonna have big expectations on myself. Q: What are your career goals? A: Just to go down as the best Breece Hall I could be. I’m not gonna put anything out there now, ’cause you never know what could happen, but right now I’m just focused on becoming the best player and teammate I could be as a rookie. Q: How do you feel about how running backs have been devalued? A: That whole part of it’s really frustrating. Going in the second round for the most part is kind of bad for running backs for contract reasons, but I do feel like we are undervalued, but at the same time you can’t really do anything to change it, it is what it is, so you just gotta make the best of what you get, and right now I’m just blessed to be a Jet, so that’s my take on that. Q: What is your message to Jets fans about Breece the Beast? A: They’re gonna get a great player and person on and off the field.