The Rangers could be missing Barclay Goodrow for a while. The official designation for Goodrow, who is out with a lower-body injury it is believed he suffered on a blocked shot during Game 1 of the first-round playoff series, is week-to-week. But Goodrow is unlikely to travel to Pittsburgh for Games 3 and 4 and probably won’t return in the first round, Rangers coach Gerard Gallant said Friday. “He’s an important piece,” Gallant said. “There’s no doubt we’re gonna have a tough time replacing him, but that’s what hockey’s all about. Somebody stepped in there. [Dryden Hunt] stepped in last night and played a real solid game. Move on, for the guys who get in there, do the job and work hard. They’re missing some key players, too, that’s what hockey’s all about.” When the Rangers added Goodrow last offseason, the 29-year-old’s playoff experience was one of the driving factors. He played a key role in the Lightning’s title runs in 2020 and 2021, and with the Rangers, he has filled the role for which they added him. But that doesn’t do much to soften the blow of his absence in the most important time of the year. “I think you guys know what he brings to our team,” Gallant said. “We’re gonna miss him in all those spots. He can play anywhere, any position. Character guy, leader guy. He’s been around our group, he’s still gonna be around our group. Hopefully we’ll get him back sooner than later but it’s gonna be a while.” Hunt, who was a healthy scratch in Game 1, stepped in on the fourth line in Game 2, playing 10:28 with three hits. Presumably, he will fill the same spot for Game 3. “He’s obviously a big player for us, we’re gonna miss him,” Jacob Trouba said of Goodrow. “But we love the depth of our team.” Ryan Lindgren remains a game-time decision for Saturday. Tyler Motte has skated and could play in the series, but Gallant was unsure whether he would travel for Game 3. Penguins goaltender Casey DeSmith underwent core muscle surgery and will be out for the rest of the playoffs. With Tristan Jarry yet to skate, the Rangers are likely to see Louis Domingue in net for the foreseeable future. Pittsburgh’s Jason Zucker participated in an optional practice on Friday after missing the first two games of the series. Penguins coach Mike Sullivan told reporters Zucker will be a game-time decision for Game 3. Brian Dumoulin and Rickard Rakell are both day-to-day after missing Game 2.