As thrifting grows in popularity, you might assume the reason there are no good picks at your local Goodwill is related to how early you go, or even the day of the week. Well, a supposed ex-employee of the chain has revealed that there’s a different reason you might not stumble across a nicely priced Gucci bag or two during your shopping trip. In a video, the prior employee detailed a system that they claim Goodwill has in place for the more valuable donations they receive. He recalled: “Five or six years ago, I used to work for Goodwill and I was one of their Drive Thru Ambassadors. “A Drive-Thru Ambassador is in charge of taking in donations that get donated from the cars and pricing them so they could be put out on the floor. “So you gotta know what things are worth. We were told that if we ever came across anything that we thought was valuable, to take it straight to the manager so it could be sold to our e-commerce store. The ex-employee explained exactly what the e-commerce store was for. They claimed that whatever items were found to be valuable were not put out on the floor for customers to purchase. Instead, they were sent to Goodwill’s headquarters so that they could be sold online on Goodwill’s version of eBay. Apparently, Goodwill has a website similar to eBay where they sell and auction off items that are deemed valuable. So, the items with high monetary value that the Drive-Thru Ambassadors managed to single out got sold on the website. “A lot of times nowadays you can’t find really good items at Goodwill because they’re all being sent off,” the man stressed. He also explained a process related to their scanner: “If you’re into collecting video games, or old books that have barcodes that are valuable, those get scanned, and if it pings in our system as valuable, they immediately get sent to e-commerce.” This is why you apparently don’t find good video games, Blu-rays, or DVDs at Goodwill stores. So if you’re into collecting rare versions of any of the aforementioned items, you might want to look elsewhere. This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.