The Issue: The Post’s cover story on inflation, gas prices and other crises under the Biden administration. President Biden and his administration have been an unequivocal disaster in their short tenure at the helm (“Joe’s Train Wreck,” May 19). They have a slobbering affinity and preoccupation with woke culture, while neglecting a multitude of critical issues that profoundly impact every American citizen. The cascading alphabet soup of unmitigated failed policies is revolting to say the least, and this un-American type of governance needs to be urgently rectified, starting in November. Denis DavidEast Rockaway Biden took over the White House, and not even a year and a half into his administration, the market is plummeting, gas prices and food prices are soaring and the country is on such a downslope it’s absolutely disgusting. Biden and the Democratic Party are trying to destroy this great country. Gene O’BrienWhitestone After seeing that Biden’s approval rating was 39%, I have to wonder who these supporters are — because no one in his right mind would appreciate a rotten economy, weakness on the world stage or being lied to on a daily basis. I’ll be the first to admit that I take it personally when I watch the country I fought for in Vietnam, becoming 100% disabled due to war wounds, go down the proverbial drain. I’ve never seen a more incompetent, power-crazed president than Biden, who refuses to take responsibility for his ill-conceived actions. He blames Russia for higher gas and food prices and doesn’t understand that he was the cause. I don’t for one minute think that this is what all of the Democrats want. If liberal socialists think they can get away with destroying what took over 200 years to build, they are sadly mistaken. Gregory J. TopliffWarrenville, SC People, wake up. Biden, his administration and Democrats could care less about the severe issues that affect you and your family. Only in an election year, when their jobs are on the line, do Democrats express their fake concerns about your needs. After the elections, it’s back to business as usual. They all must be voted out in order for these issues to be fixed. Robert NegliaThe Bronx Biden’s obsessive-compulsive disorder — namely, his methodical reversal of all of former President Donald Trump’s productive policies — has made America mediocre again. That’s actually much too charitable to say. With that faltering figurehead president at the helm, America is descending into economic chaos, and America’s prestige as a beacon of freedom is on the line. Biden’s cheap inauguration rhetoric about being a uniter died due to his yellow-bellied surrender to the progressive left. Instead of Moderate Joe, we got Malarkey Joe. And he’s not done breaking what wasn’t broke. James HylandBeechhurst It’s clear that when mainstream media runs cover and provides the smoke-and-mirrors for a political party, anyone can be elected. At least half of the country was afraid that this would happen under such inadequate leadership. We cannot afford gas. We struggle to buy food. Inflation is out of control; fuel prices are nearing $5 a gallon throughout a lot of the country. It’s as if someone wanted to create a second Venezuela. If you ever wondered what it’s like to live in a failing empire, here we are. Steve PreziosaDeptford, NJ It is hard to imagine a worse presidency. It does not say much for a man who has spent 50 years of his life in the political arena and says less for our political system. This has become a pathetic situation, orchestrated by an incompetent who, by necessity, must continue to espouse a failed domestic and foreign policy. Jerry ChiappettaMonticello Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.