For some, hair shedding from your brush or comb after using your favorite shampoo is normal. But, consistent hair thinning is a separate condition entirely. Though scalp issues and hair thinning look different for everyone, those seeking stronger, fuller strands have one common goal: to visibly thicken hair safely and effectively. Enter Nutrafol, the 100% drug-free hair growth supplement that supports compromised hair health by targeting six underlying root causes of thinning hair: hormones, stress, lifestyle, metabolism, nutrition and aging. “Nutrafol takes an individualized, whole-body approach to hair health, understanding that every hair journey is unique and there is no one-size-fits-all solution,” said Giorgio Dell’Acqua, PhD, chief science officer at Nutrafol, who leads a team of scientists and chemists to develop innovative formulas. “For this reason, all of our formulas and products are tailored to different biospecific needs, life stages and underlying triggers of thinning hair.” Though experiences and results may vary, per Dell’Acqua, you can expect to see longer, stronger hair in three to six months when using Nutrafol consistently. With formulas tailored to different bio-specific needs and life stages, Nutrafol is a dermatologist-recommended, clinically tested hair growth brand — its bread and butter being its hair growth supplements — that targets the root causes of hair thinning naturally with a science-backed approach. Because hair thinning looks different for everyone, it’s important to understand how it’s a multifactorial process. “Our skin has its own microbiome, and that microbiome determines the health of the skin, including the skin on the scalp and a lot of the bulk processes in the skin,” Julie E. Russak, MD, a board-certified dermatologist, told the New York Post. “Therefore, supporting the skin and scalp microbiome is extremely important in cases of hair thinning.” According to Russak, Nutrafol is a “multifactorial metabolic support for your body,” and  “really addresses all internal factors contributing to hair thinning.” The below descriptions are attributed to Nutrafol’s product descriptions. Use code NYP for 20% off your first month’s subscription for new customers only. This promotion ends on May 31. The below prices are for monthly delivery only. Sure, there are many hair growth-related brands on the market — so why Nutrafol? “At Nutrafol, we offer clinically-backed nutraceuticals that are tailored to different biospecific needs, life stages and underlying triggers of thinning hair,” Dell’Acqua explains. “For example, we offer three different products for women that include a specific formula for those in the postpartum period and through menopause — understanding the the root causes of compromised hair health are different during these times.” This promotion ends on May 31. What’s more, Nutrafol also offers booster and topical products to help people build a hair regimen that is customized to their needs. Its topical Growth Activator ($69) provides direct scalp support to activate thicker-looking hair, while the brand’s Stress Adaptogen Booster [which can be added to your personalized plan] offers additional support for people whose primary hair health concern is stress-related. “Nutrafol’s nutraceuticals include biotin; however biotin alone cannot regrow hair,” Dell’Acqua adds. “With this in mind, Nutrafol developed a proprietary blend – our patented Synergen Complex – of concentrated, medical grade botanical ingredients for maximum efficacy.” The brand also sources high-quality ingredients from around the world, all of which are third-party tested for purity. “We hold ourselves to the highest standard in the industry, with regards to self-regulation and clinical testing,” he notes. For adults only. If you have a medical condition or taking mediciations (especially blood thinning drugs) consult with your doctor before using. Do not use if pregnant or nursing, with the exception of Nutrafol Postpartum. Keep away from children. Do not use if safety seal is damaged or missing. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.