Jill Biden isn’t dialed into contemporary slang. The first lady has spoken candidly about her 45-year marriage to Joe Biden in an intimate new interview — but appears oblivious to the obscene meaning of one activity she says she partakes in with the president, 79. Jill, 70, told Harper’s Bazaar Monday that she and her hubby hash out their “occasional” fights via text message, describing the act as “fexting.” But while the Bidens might think the slang term is a cute amalgamation of the words “fighting” and “texting,” Urban Dictionary defines the word as a crude colloquialism that actually means “f–king while texting.” The website asserts that “fexting” can also be used in a variety of other contexts — but never as a slang term for fighting via text. According to the site, the word can also mean “fake text messaging,” as well as “sending Facebook messages of an extreme sexual nature.” The first lady may soon bring her own G-rated definition of the word into the public lexicon, saying she and Joe have been “fexting” for more than a decade. The Post has reached out to the first lady’s rep for comment. Jill told Harper’s that she started the practice back when she was second lady, saying she would squabble with her spouse via message, rather than argue with the then-vice president out loud in front of the Secret Service. The pair continue to “fext” until this day, with the FLOTUS revealing she recently messaged something extremely hurtful to her husband during a spat. The president was forced to remind the FLOTUS that their texts and emails are kept as part of a historical record of each presidency. “Joe said, ‘You realize that’s going to go down in history. There will be a record of that.’ I won’t tell you what I called him that time,” she confessed to the magazine. Despite their text tiffs, Jill said she is usually supportive of her husband, to whom she has been married since 1977. “I try to be a support for Joe because I don’t know how many people are saying to him, ‘That was great. That was brilliant.’ I try to be that person for him,” she affectionately declared. “Some days, I see Joe and I’m just like, ‘I don’t know how you’re doing it.’ It’s the pandemic and then it’s the war and then it’s the economy and then it’s the gas prices. You feel like you’re being slammed,” she added. The Harper’s interview with the first lady was released on the same day that a new Rasmussen Reports survey found that only 43% of likely voters approve of the president’s job performance while 55% disapprove. A recent Emerson poll put his approval rating as low as 38%. “He’s now lower than Trump, and he’s really twisted about it,” one person close to the White House told NBC News. Jill is fiercely defensive of her embattled husband, famously saying speculation about his mental fitness was “ridiculous.” Meanwhile, in January, she said she took on a “healing role” amid Joe’s first year in office, as the nation was ​battered by the coronavirus pandemic, natural disasters and deep political divisions. “I didn’t kind of expect, which was like a healing role, because we’ve faced so much as a nation,” she told the Associated Press. “I would want to know that my president and first lady cared about me,” she said. “I think that’s an important part of what I do. I mean, just helping people through the tough times.”