Harry Styles recruited fellow Brit James Corden to help him shoot a music video for his new song “Daylight” — but they were on a tight budget. The pair cruised the streets of Brooklyn for a segment for Thursday’s episode of “The Late Late Show With James Corden” and asked random people to help them with their three-hour DIY project. Styles, 28, and Corden, 43, only spent $300 on the video and started the show by knocking on random doors to find someone who would let them use their apartment. “I thought this would be easier, Harry, I’ve got to be honest — I thought your face would open a lot of doors,” Corden said as they peruse the city in search of a location. The talk show host and the “Watermelon Sugar” singer found help in Brooklynites Isabel, Caroline, Hadley and Sydney. The foursome shares a sun-streamed pad that seemed like the perfect setting for the shoot. The “Carpool Karaoke” host then took a tour of the apartment to help form his vision for the music video and saw that one of the girls was a big fan of the “Dunkirk” star. Her room was complete with her own Styles snapshot collage, a One Direction book and a photo of the “As It Was” crooner dressed as Harry Potter. “We need to hide all of this because I’m worried you’re a psychopath,” he announced to her. “Harry, don’t come in here!” Corden — who was creative directing the project — shook hands with the girls alongside Styles. “Don’t treat him like he’s Harry Styles, treat him like someone called Chris,” the “Cats” star quipped. Other shots showed Styles wearing his clothes in a bathtub, staging a house party and wearing a green-screen suit. One part of the video featured the former boy band member doing a Mick Jagger impression. Another scene had Styles munching on pizza while cuddling a zebra. While Styles sat in the bathroom, waiting for his cue to sing his heart out, his collaborator fiddled with the lighting and noted, “I want this to be just, like, sexy as f – – k!” He went on, “OK listen, you’re in the bath. You’re fully clothed. People are going to think there’s a deeper meaning. There isn’t. But you think there is. And show us there is. But not that much.” Styles then joked in one scene from the segment, “I can’t stress this enough: This was all James’s idea. I was in [‘Dunkirk’], a Christopher Nolan movie! Now this is my dressing room. Should we just scrap it? Is it too late to just do a ‘Carpool Karaoke?’ “ Variety spoke to the four roomies before the show aired Thursday and they fan-girled over Styles and the late-night talk show. “If we knew [they were stopping by], we would’ve at least brushed our hair!” they collectively and giddily recalled.