Goop’s newest product has social media wondering if it’s even real. The Gwyneth Paltrow-founded health and wellness company released pictures of the Diapér Wednesday on Instagram and Facebook. “Our new disposable diaper lined with virgin alpaca wool and fastened with amber gemstones, known for their ancient emotional-cleansing properties,” the company, known for bizarre products and advice, wrote. “Infused with a scent of jasmine and bergamot for a revitalized baby.” The pricey panty — which comes in a 12-pack for $120 — will be available to buy on Goop’s website Thursday, May 12, at 11 a.m., according to the posts. At least that’s what Goop wanted us to think. Later Wednesday night, a company spokesperson told The Post that it was all a stunt to “start a conversation on how much diapers cost.” “The Diapér is a fake product meant to shine a light on a real problem,” Paltrow said in a promotional video released hours after the posts. “It was designed to piss us off.” Paltrow continued. “Because if treating diapers like a luxury makes you mad, so should taxing them like a luxury.” Goop and the Baby2Baby organization teamed up for the scam and are now accepting donations to support their advocacy efforts, as well as help with the formula shortage and other issues facing families in need. Many fans are questioning the seriousness of the announcement from the beginning, wondering if the company was trolling the internet. “I checked the date to see if it was leftover from April fools. Over the top, even for Goop,” a Facebook user wrote in a comment chain debating the post’s validity. “THE STONES ARE A CHOKING HAZARD GWEN,” another advised. “Did you guys get hacked?” one Instagram user commented. “For Buckingham Palace I suppose,” another said. The product — denounced as “a little too on-the-nose to be read as satire” by one detractor, who suggested it might be a commentary on the cost of diapers — would’ve joined a lineup of other interesting and all-too-real products, including Goop’s 24-karat gold dildo, a $1,995 Ouija board and the infamous “This Smells Like My Vagina” candle.