Paige Spiranac has a new do’, and she’s super emotional about it. The former golfer-turned-influencer in the sport got bangs, and revealed the new look Wednesday, in a selfie on Instagram. Spiranac’s hair, which appeared slightly darker then her usual bright blonde locks, featured facial layers around her bangs. She gushed over the cut in the latest episode of her “Playing a Round” podcast and explained her “difficult” history with bangs. “It’s been a bit of a slow week with personal news. I think the most exciting thing for me is a I got bangs,” an excited Spiranac said. “I’ve had a very difficult relationship with bangs. I’ve had this feeling that I can just pull of bangs my entire life and I never could. I think here is why, every time I cut bangs before it was because I was having a mental breakdown. And I cut them myself.” Spiranac said her relationship with bangs began in high school and then “got really bad” in college. She played Division 1 college golf at both the University of Arizona and San Diego State University. “My sophomore year I had a boy break up with me. I cut bangs myself and locked myself in my room and my roommate was like, ‘Don’t do it Paige,'” Spiranac recalled. “I chopped them off and it looked terrible so I had to wear them clipped back for an entire semester until they grew out. The same thing happened the next year when she went through another breakup as a junior in college. “Of course I didn’t learn my lesson. So, my junior year, I dyed my hair black, of course because another boy broke up with me, and again, locked myself in my room, both my roommates hanging on the door, saying, ‘Don’t do it.’ I dyed my hair black and cut straight across bangs,” Spiranac said. “It looked terrible again. Of course didn’t learn my lesson. Before I did Sports Illustrated in 2018, biggest shoot of my life at the time. Two weeks before the shoot, cut bangs. And I think I cut them with my eyebrows up because when I put my eyebrows back down they were so short. It looked like ‘Dumb and Dumber.’ My mom will always be positive and say whatever she can and I came home crying. She was like, ‘What did you do?'” Spiranac said she was inspired by a photo of supermodel Hailey Bieber at the time, and “wanted to do bangs again.”