The numbers are obscene, like they were plucked out of a video game. Hitting for power, hitting for average and drawing walks, Aaron Judge and Giancarlo Stanton have been a two-man machine in May. There have been jaw-dropping home runs, searing line drives and game-changing at-bats. “When you have two elite players and they are playing as well as they are, that’s a lot to deal with for the opponent,” manager Aaron Boone said, “and it’s certainly fueled our offense.” They have led the Yankees to a 13-4 record in the month, and 21-4 mark overall dating back to April 17, a torrid stretch that has begun to even overshadow the team’s elite pitching staff and vastly improved defense. Since Judge and Stanton became teammates in 2018, they have only on occasion hit this well together at the same time. The numbers are simply off the charts. In 15 games this month, Stanton has seven home runs, 21 RBIs, is slashing .333/.418/.737 and boasts a 1.155 OPS. Judge, in one more game with five more at-bats, has eight home runs, 17 RBIs, is slashing .323/.403/.742 with a 1.145 OPS. This is just the third month in which both players each had 17 RBIs or more while playing together, according to Elias Sports Bureau. Those months were last August and September. This is also only the third month in which both players have each hit at least seven home runs, according to Elias Sports Bureau. That also previously happened last August and September. “They’ve carried [that] over from the second half of last season. They offensively carried us into the playoffs last year,” Boone said on Friday shortly after the Yankees-White Sox game at the Stadium was postponed due to rain. “Both of them were tremendous in the second half and they’ve taken that and obviously both guys have had tremendous starts, and really are at the top of their game.” But this month isn’t close to over. Eleven games remain, and neither player appears to be cooling off. Judge has four homers in his past seven games and Stanton has at least one hit in seven of his last eight games along with five long balls. “It’s been a lot of fun to see them excel at the same time,” Gerrit Cole said. “Certainly something unique I haven’t seen before.” Since the two became teammates, health has been the one thing holding them — and the Yankees — back. But last year, the two each appeared in at least 140 games, combining for 74 home runs and 195 RBIs, and led the Yankees to the AL wild-card game. That appears to be only the start for them. They’ve been even more dangerous this season — they are both odds-on All-Stars and potential MVP candidates — and their team is off to one of the best starts in the franchise’s storied history. “As long as they’re in the lineup you feel pretty good. They’ve been on quite a stretch here these last few weeks together,” DJ LeMahieu said. “Nothing surprises me with either one of them. They’re both two of the best hitters in the league. “When they’re both going at the same time, it’s pretty impressive to watch. Hitting in front of them you just want to get on base.”