Did you fall in love with CODA? The beloved film scored three nominations at the Academy Awards this year, taking home the top prize of Best Picture and making history with deaf actor Troy Kotsur winning best supporting actor for the very first time. If you were charmed by this film and intrigued by the world of American Sign Language, learning how to sign is easier than ever with The All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle. Get access to 13 courses packed with over 29 hours of instruction for just $34.99 — less than $3 a class — for a limited time. This bundle lets you dive right into the world of American Sign Language from the comfort of your home. The 13 courses include two impressive 5 out of 5-star-rated courses that are ready to take you from beginner to advanced ASL communicator. Beginners can kick things off with American Sign Language: Beginner, a 4.6-star-rated course that gets you started on the basics. Taught by 4.4-star-rated instructors Intellezy Trainers, you’ll cover basics like the alphabet, finger-spelling, colors, animals, foods and feelings, to name a few. Courses like ASL: Everyday Phrases Set 1, rated 4.6 stars from former students, you’ll be learning common ASL vocabulary, statements, and more from respected specialist Able Lingo. He’s a TESOL- and TEFL-certified instructor, who is fluent in a variety of languages, and currently holds a 4.7-star rating from past students. He also teaches the 4.9-star-rated course, ASL: Family & Adjectives with Q/A, which teaches you mini-dialogues related to pairing adjectives to relatives. Former students are raving about this bundle. Jessica shared, “I’ve been wanting to learn ASL for awhile now but could never find a class. This is affordable and I can learn anytime.” Judy noted, “I love the history information and I love being able to learn it from my home. I am learning it along with my daughter, which makes it really special.” Master American Sign Language in your spare time with help from The All-in-One American Sign Language Bundle. It’s on sale now for just $34.99. Prices subject to change.