Republican Sens. Ron Johnson and Chuck Grassley want the US attorney in Delaware to divulge whether a senior Justice Department official recused himself from the federal tax fraud investigation of Hunter Biden due to his links to the first son’s lawyer. Nicholas McQuaid, who leads the Justice Department’s criminal division, formerly worked with Hunter Biden’s lawyer Chris Clark at the large multinational law firm Latham & Watkins. Johnson (R-Wis.) and Grassley (R-Iowa) wrote to US Attorney David Weiss, saying that Attorney General Merrick Garland ignored three letters they sent last year regarding McQuaid’s possible recusal from the Weiss-led investigation. “Dear Mr. Weiss: On Feb. 3, 2021, March 9, 2021, and Nov. 10, 2021, we wrote letters to Attorney General Garland with respect to Nicholas McQuaid…and his conflicts of interest in the Hunter Biden criminal case,” the senators wrote. “In those letters, we specifically raised concerns about the fact that Mr. McQuaid worked with Hunter Biden’s criminal attorney until he was hired by the Biden administration on Jan. 20, 2021,” Johnson and Grassley wrote. “This association creates a clear conflict of interest yet the Department has failed to provide adequate responses to answer the threshold questions about whether Mr. McQuaid has or had any role in the Hunter Biden criminal case and whether he has been recused from it.” Johnson and Grassley asked Weiss to say whether his investigation has “received sufficient resources and support from the Justice Department to properly execute the Hunter Biden criminal case” and whether McQuaid has recused himself from the case. The senators additionally requested any communications between the office and McQuaid and information on whether any other employees at the US attorney’s office in Biden’s home state recused themselves. “In light of Mr. McQuaid’s clear conflicts in the Hunter Biden investigation, Attorney General Garland’s silence draws serious suspicion and has cast a cloud over the investigation – a cloud that could easily be removed if the Justice Department showed a modicum of transparency,” the senators added. Weiss is a Trump administration holdover who was allowed to retain his position to complete the investigation. Grassley and Johnson have spearheaded congressional inquiries into Hunter Biden’s business relationships in countries where his father held sway as vice president, including China and Ukraine. A bombshell September 2020 report drafted by Johnson and Grassley said that a firm linked to Hunter Biden received $3.5 million in 2014 from Russian billionaire Yelena Baturina, who was married to ex-Moscow mayor Yury Luzhkov. Delaware computer repairman John Paul Mac Isaac cited the Senate report as a reason for coming forward with a laptop abandoned by Hunter Biden that contained bombshell communications that contradicted Joe Biden’s claim that he never spoke with his son about his overseas business deals. The laptop documents included an email indicating that Joe Biden attended a 2015 dinner with Ukrainian gas executive Vadym Pozharskyi of Burisma Holdings, which paid Hunter Biden a reported $1 million per to serve on its board while Joe Biden led the Obama administration’s Ukraine policy. A May 13, 2017, email indicated that the “big guy” would get a 10 percent equity stake in a corporate entity established by Hunter Biden with the Chinese energy company CEFC. Former Hunter Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski says that he spoke with Joe Biden in May 2017 about the Chinese venture and that the president is the “big guy.” Hunter Biden confirmed in late 2020 that he’s under federal investigation for possible tax fraud. The probe is believed to also be evaluating possible violations of money laundering and foreign lobbying laws. Kevin Morris, an entertainment attorney and novelist, recently paid a tax bill exceeding $2 million on Hunter Biden’s behalf.