Baseball, baseball, and more baseball is what is coming our way very soon. We get a little hint of that on Monday, as there is no basketball or hockey to watch today. In total, we are looking at 12 games tonight, starting with Marlins vs. Nationals. The AL West divisional matchup between the Rangers vs. Angels, at 8:05 p.m. ET, should be an interesting contest, especially when you see the pitching matchup. Angels newcomer Noah Syndergaard went from New York Mets darling to goat (not in a good way) after he trolled his former team’s combined no-hitter. He steps on the mound first for the Angels and will be matched up against the Rangers starter, Jon Gray. Odds provided by BetMGM Probable pitchers: Noah Syndergaard vs. Jon Gray Spread: LAA -1.5 (+125) vs. TEX +1.5 (-150) Moneyline: LAA (-140) vs. TEX (+115) Total: Over 8 (-105) | Under 8 (-115) Another divisional matchup for the Angels is on tap for Monday as they face off against the Texas Rangers. So far, 11 out of their 27 games have been against divisional foes. In those games, they are 6-5 in the division and went 3-1 against the Rangers earlier in April. The Angels showcase a phenomenal lineup, which is spearheaded by stars Shohei Ohtani, Mike Trout, and Anthony Rendon. Their Achilles’ heel has always been health and pitching. Well, the Angels’ free-agent acquisition, Noah Syndergaard is their new ace. He looked like a future Cy Young candidate when he was with the Mets years ago. Now, he might’ve rekindled that potential. Last time out, Syndergaard struck out seven batters against the Tampa Bay Rays en route to an 11-3 win. Overall, he has looked electric in his time with the Angels, where he has a 2.45 ERA in five games. For the game, the Angels likely win as -140 favorites on BetMGM. However, the player prop bet for Noah Syndergaard is the play for the game. His strikeouts per nine innings stats are way below his career norm (6.44) which had never been below nine in the past. The Rangers don’t strike out that much, just 7.88 times per game on average according to TeamRankings.com. Moreover, BaseballSavant has some awesome stats about Syndergaard’s pitch usage. Currently, his most used pitch is his changeup which is getting an impressive 36.5 percent whiffs. He might not continue to limit runs like he has. However, his stirkeout numbers are very much due for positive regression. At the time of writing, PointsBet has his ‘over’ 4.5 strikeouts prop at -150. No other book has this available besides FanDuel who has it -220. Take the value, and ride ‘Thor’ to reclaim his old powers as a strikeout machine Noah Syndergaard ‘over’ 4.5 strikeouts (-150) — PointsBet