The Town & Country contributing editor and style writer (below left) has amassed a cult following for his imaginative posts featuring  jewelry shot on spiral-bound notebooks. Instagram followers: 50,000 Signature jewel style: I don’t wear much jewelry myself, but for the jewelry I show in my notebook, I love color, especially rich saturated gems mixed in beautiful ways. Iconic red-carpet moment: Charlize Theron (above) at the 2019 Oscars in a double-wrap diamond Bulgari Serpenti over a light-blue Dior gown. Elegant and sophisticated but also ultraglam. First piece of jewelry: Though I’m Jewish, I bought a St. Christopher medal at the Vatican for good luck in my travels. Regardless of religion, I figured it couldn’t hurt. First jewelry splurge: When I got my job at Town & Country I bought myself a vintage steel Rolex Datejust, inspired by my menswear idols Steve McQueen and Paul Newman. It gave me a boost of confidence. Secret tip: My favorite piece to recommend is the Buccellati Hawaii earring. It’s a lot of look, while still light and comfortable to wear, and can be worn day or night. Dream jewel: I’m currently obsessed with zodiac medallions. Van Cleef’s new versions in hard stones like lapis and tiger’s eye are the ultimate dream. The LA-based founder of men’s lifestyle website Leo (below left) was born in Rome, raised in Paris and is a fashion stylist for A-listers Rami Malek, Dwayne Johnson and Tom Hiddleston. Instagram followers: 237,000 Signature jewel style: Very minimal. Iconic red-carpet moment: The beautiful Cartier lapel pin Rami Malek (above) just wore to the 2022 Oscars. The brand received so many calls about it afterward! First piece of jewelry: A little gold Virgin Mary pendant from my grandparents at my First Communion. First jewelry splurge: I have a lot of beautiful David Yurman pieces that I love, including gorgeous pearl earrings with diamonds and a light-green peridot pair of oversize studs. Also my IWC pilot watch. Secret tip: Gold hoops make everyone look more youthful. I wear oversized diamond studs for a rich-bitch look; gold hoops for a sexier, more youthful, gypsy vibe; and pearls for a chic lady look. I prefer earrings to any other jewelry because they frame the face. Missoma makes all my favorite affordable jewelry and the greatest hoops at great prices. Dream jewel: My David Yurman emerald-and-diamond wedding band. I’ll be very excited to finally get to wear it after our wedding later this year. Head of jewels for the Americas at Phillips, NYC-based Thomeier (below left) shares her top picks and discerning insights on the auction house’s popular Instagram. Instagram followers: 28,000 Iconic red-carpet moment: Deepika Padukone (above) at the 2017 Met Gala. This was my fave of all time — jewels in the hair, killer earrings, embellished straps and a sexy, second-skin gown. Magnifique! First piece of jewelry: When I was just a girl, my mom gave me a gold charm bracelet, and for birthdays and big events, she and my dad would gift me a charm. Now I have three of them overflowing (it’s been a charmed life)! It’s a great way to feel close to the people and places dear to my heart. First jewelry splurge: A pair of Cartier diamond stud earrings. They were more than I could afford, but I wanted big ones! I’ve gotten lots of mileage out of them, so I’ve never regretted it for a second. Secret tip: If you’re creative, your jewels can be transformed. Slide a few coordinating brooches onto a thick snake chain — it becomes a fun and funky statement necklace. You can make earrings into hair ornaments, while a pretty ribbon secured to the ends of a great strap bracelet can convert it to a choker. Dream jewel: One day I’d love to have a beautiful Deco-era Cartier bandeau. Messika is creating an incredible collection of modern tiaras with the classic design aesthetic of the golden years, so that would do quite well, too!