This holiday weekend is swinging around fast, and many of our favorite retailers are hosting amazing Memorial Day sales: from Amazon and Best Buy to HP and Wayfair. But, if you love all things women’s fashion, you’ll be filled with glee while Madewell’s Memorial Day Sale is running. The cutting-edge classics brand is hosting 25% off all your favorite styles with the promo code LONGWEEKEND at checkout — from denim jeans to linen dresses. Oh, and did we mention swimwear, shoes and accessories will also be on sale? That’s right — we’re loving all the markdowns, and can’t wait to share our favorites we recommend adding to your shopping carts ASAP. Ahead, find the 15 best styles from Madewell’s Memorial Day Sale for you to shop. We’re welcoming summer with open arms, and you should embrace the warm-weather season, too. Before shopping our picks, click to shop some popular styles on sale: Midi dresses, anyone? If you’re looking for the perfect white dress to take you from Memorial Day and beyond, Madewell’s Lucie Tie-Strap Tiered Midi Dress is a best-seller and one we have heart eyes for. Its elegant fit and drape-y feel is the lovechild of “The Princess Diaries” and “Ella Enchanted,” truly. As one of our top destinations for women’s jeans, Madewell is like no other. The retailer’s eye for flattering denim is unmatched, and that’s indicative of its best-selling Curvy Perfect Vintage Jean. The all-around-ideal pair is just waiting for you to add it to your cart. Alert: we found the best work tote, and it’s the Medium Transport Tote (not to mention, it’s one we use for our office commutes). The long, easy-to-carry shoulder strap is the perfect touch (and, it’s the perfect size). Plus, if you prefer a zip-close option, Madewell has a Zip-Top Medium Transport Tote that’s now $141. They’re not heels. They’re not mules. They’re not slip-on flats — they’re a little bit of everything. We can’t get enough of the Kiera Lugsole Sandal, a practical option that’s bound to match with any outfit your wardrobe has to offer (including linen pants and bodysuits). For a summertime-gleaming touch to your outfit, pick up Madewell’s Enamel Strawberry Huggie Hoop Earrings. Surely, they’re the cutest hoops you’ve ever seen (don’t lie to us) and now, they’re only $20. If there’s a pair of bottoms we crave, it’s wide-leg pants. Purchase the Lightspun Pull-On Balloon Pants that’s just over $50 in honor of Memorial Day — a stretchy, comfortable and relaxed-fitting option you’ll love for running errands or snagging weekend brunch. Madewell’s Second Wave Cut-Out One-Piece Swimsuit not only has the most adorable beige palm-tree print but it hugs you in all the right places. The cut-out detailing is in the ideal spot to show a bit of skin while covering the lower tummy area (the brand knows what it’s doing) and we love the thin spaghetti straps for hot summer days. We couldn’t resist adding Madewell’s Bubble-Sleeve Button-Front Mini Dress to our wishlist. It’s the perfect work dress, too, especially when paired with some fine jewelry and comfortable heels. Oh, and that blue paisley pattern is to die for. Unsurprisingly, our drawers need to be stocked with new denim shorts. Luckily, Madewell has The Perfect Jean Short (getting right to the point with its name) for you to shop, just shy of $50 for Memorial Day. It’s no-frills, classic fit is one we suspect selling out fast. Available in all the dreamy summer pastels, Madewell’s Leather Carabiner Mini Crossbody Bag not only makes a great gift for a best friend or family member but is that subtle pop of color to tie your outfit together. For less than $100 right now, it’s a steal. Enter Madewell’s best-selling White Leather Court Sneakers: the slim, nonbulky option that’s great for walking and athletic use alike. Its lace-up detail, coupled with its tri-tone neutral design is one of our personal favorites, too, especially for just under $75. Add some bohemian flair to your outfit with Madewell’s Five-Piece Solar Coin Necklace Set. Whether mixing and matching is your jam or you’re a sucker for gold jewelry (we know the feeling), this set is the perfect less-than-$50 gift (for either a loved one or yourself!) After a refreshing dip in the pool or ocean,  Madewell has made getting dressed super easy with its Lightestspun Cover-Up Shorts. The seashell print is giving us all the luxe resort vibes we can think of, too. Great to transition into fall (or, to keep you warm in breezier temps this summer) is Madewell’s Plaid Bubble-Sleeve Peplum Top. For a limited time, it’s less than $75, so pick up this dainty piece while you can. This dress! We’re obsessed with it for a number of reasons, one of which being that regal teal color. Plus, its embroidered, carefree design makes it great for work or your next summer party alike. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.